# File: Spoils of War.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Credits

Authors: Chris Hartford, Ari Marmell, Lisa J.
Steele and C. David Wendig.

Vampire and the World of Darkness created by
Mark Rein* Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark
Reine Hagen

Developer: Matthew McFarland

Editor: Janice Sellers

Consultants: Ryan Green, Jacob Kliinder

Art Direction: Becky Jollensten

Layout & Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Mike Chaney, Jim Di Bartolo,
D.M. Foster, Tom Gianni and James Stowe

Front Cover Art: Brian LeBlanc
Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

- 54 LTTONDR
* STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

ISA

PUBLISHING

Special Lestosterone-Laden Thanks

Geoffrey "Not in the face! Not in the face!"
Goodwin, for taking it easy on me.

Michael "Cannibal Maniac" Goodwin, for not
severing my leg. Stupid ninja.

Beau "I won! Eat it, bitch!" Brown, for sports-
manlike conduct.

Ryan "No, I won!" Carden, for accepting defeat,
or at least a tie, gracefully.

Jay "Uhhh... I'm the ref..." Self, for making the
attempt, despite the fact that he couldn't see straight.

Ryan "Ninja for a Night" Cutshall, for remain-
ing my friend even after I dragged him to this
silliness.

Pirates rule! Yarrrr!

Ye Glde Ervatta:

D.M. Foster was inadvertantly left out of the art
credits for Right of Princes. We appologize. Ya
know we love ya, Matt.

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness
and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf

Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers
Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dark Ages Storytellers Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dark
Ages Europe, Road of the Beast, Road of Kings, Bitter Crusade, Cainite Heresy, Constantinople by Night,
Jerusalem by Night, Libellus Sanguinis 1 Masters of the State, Libellus Sanguinis 2 Keepers of the Word,
Libellus Sanguinis 3 Wolves at the Door, Dark Ages Mage, Dark Ages Inquisitor, Dark Ages Werewolf
Ashen Thief, Gilded Cage, Right of Princes, Ashen Cults, Libellus Sanguinis 4 Thieves in the Night, The
Ashen Knight, Veil of Night and Spoils of War are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark

or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.

Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA
2 ES ror cr anal
> Sf OD 2s va ©) "
—<B Els (a


By Chris Hartford, Ari Marmell, Lisa. Steele
and€. David Wendig

Vampire created by Mark Rein-Hagen) |


CABLE OF CONTENTS

Prelude: The Beast of War
Introduction

Chapter One: Duty and Steel
Chapter Two: Poisoned Quills

Chapter Three: Preparing for Battle

Chapter Four: Ashes and Blood

10
14
52
80
102



LEGENDS OR
Ch€ GAROU

The Beast of War

The air smelled of rot and foulness. Geoffrey Three-Branch stood atop a rock
outcropping, staring down over the emerald folds of land that culminated in a small
verdant valley. At the bottom of the valley, in the very creases of earth, a small
encampment of a dozen or so makeshift tents sat scattered, orbiting a few ashen cookfires
and bedrolls. Even from here, he could see the bodies lying about, dark shapes strewn in
the grass. And the smell ... he didn't bother covering his mouth or nose. It was a
malodorous reminder of what was to come. Of the new world that struggled to be born.

He looked to the small Mongol cub, Sings-Softly. The boy stood, his eyes alive with
excitement and fear, waiting for something, anything at all. He stood silently; Geoffrey
did not know whether the young one couldn't speak at all or simply chose not to.

"Go to the camp," Geoffrey said, pointing down to the valley. "Scout for me. Mind
the smell, try to scent past it. Afterward, you'll tell me what you learned. I'll be down
soon.

The boy grinned a wolfish, snaggle-toothed smile, hoisted his rusty Danish axe with
a grunt and took off running.

He waited until the boy was small in his vision and cleared his throat. "I know you're
there. I caught your musk last night during moonrise."

Moments passed with no movement. Then came the faint footpads and clicks of
claws on rock, anda lean, lanky wolf with sharp-angled haunches and a long, narrow jaw
descended.and sidled up next to Geoffrey. The wolf turned a dark éye toward the man
and began circling the rock outcropping like a snake.

PRELUDE


"Here to plunder?" the lupus asked in an utterance
of languid growls. The man took a restrained breath
and stepped off the rock, cutting off the wolf's pacing
circumnavigation. Known in wolf-speech asa series of
throaty snarls, other Garou called him "Thistletongue."

"T have kin who died," Geoffrey said curtly.

"Ah, yes," the Talon said, eyes glittering. "You
have seeded many of the human cows, haven't you?"
The lupus snorted and panted. "When was the last
time you had a wolf, hmm?"

Geoffrey scowled. "Watch your tongue. My kin
are my own business. The ones here were simple
people, commoners working for the knights below.
Cooks. Blade-sharpeners." Three-Branch stared nails
through the lupus. "They were good people made dead
in war, so I come to bury."

"War?" Thistletongue yipped a laugh. "Gaians and
your naiveté. This was not war, not proper war. Even I
admit that sometimes there is honor in battle, human or
no, but where is the honor in this ugly charade?"

"Say it, don't dance around your words."

"Can't you smell it? That death is not natural. It
is not the smell of honorable bodies rotting in the
sun. That's the stink of disease, carcasses bearing the
fruits of sickness." The lupus leered; he seemed to be
enjoying this.

"So illness felled them."

Thistletongue paused, cockinga narrow eye. "Yes.
But it's much worse. The spirits say the corruption was
brought by other two-legs in secret. This is the new
face of the world, this is what happens when the
hairless cattle are allowed to fumble and breed like
half-witted pups."

"Tl hold my own counsel with the spirits,"
Geoffrey said.

"Do that, they'll tell you the same. It's time again
tocontrol the herd, limit their breeding. Don't tell me
your ancestors aren't calling for the same, aren't
feeding your tongue with the taste of their wayward
blood—" Geoffrey felt his Rage claw to the surface like
hot pitch, and before he could check himself, his arm
had changed into a massive stretch of sinew and
bristle. He wrapped his claws around Thistletongue's
muzzle. He snapped the head backward sharply, ex-
posing the throat. Under the Ragabash's jaw line, a
pink scar ran in a hairless rift across the his throat.

"Haven't we had this conversation before?"
Geoffrey seethed. "I'm sure you remember it." Letting
go of his anger, he tossed the mangy Garou, bowling
the creature backward. He rolled and leapt to his feet,
then snarled. Geoffrey grunted. "Don't bother. You

know how this will end if you come at me. Another
scar, and shame for the younger."

"There is a meeting," Thistletongue managed
through clenched fangs. "In the north. Where the
Borealis ends. Something of an informal moot, you
see? We're discussing our options. Many have chosen
to attend. I suggest you do as well."

"There'sno reason," Geoffrey said, feeling the bones
in his arm revert to their homid origin. "Go now, no-
moon, leave me alone and take your ... diplomacy to
another. I have the ghosts of my kin to attend to."

With that he left, following in the tracks of
Sings-Softly.

Thistletongue was right. Disease had murdered
these people, sickness the weapon that felled these
mercenary crusaders. Bodies were everywhere, bloated
and black. Dark nodules ran the lengths of their
swollen flesh, each pustule thick with sponge and
blood. Spoiled bodies, ruined souls. Geoffrey stalked
among them, the feculence crawling in his nose and
mouth and making him want to gag. The black flies
had found their meals, and grimly he thought, At least
someone is enjoying this.

This was not the first time he'd seen what the
malady had sown. A day's ride away, closer to the
Toulouse border, a town called Lorris had fallen to this
plague. Men and women wept and cried to Heaven as
others called the affliction "God's justice." Ignorance,
Geoffrey thought, is a far greater illness. The disease
was like nothing he'd seen before. Those last mo-
ments, the townsfolk lay caught in the throes of a
numbing frenzy of spasms and contractions until fi-
nally they died, their flesh cracked and dripping like
that of an overcooked pig.

Here, it was somehow worse. Part of it was that
these were simple people. Farmers, mostly, a few
clothiers. They had picked up arms for their lord, a
noble from the tower town of Lorris. They didn't
receive honorable deaths. Battle did not bring them
lowas they fought for an oath or for fealty. This disease
was an invisible enemy, one (if Thistletongue could
be believed) conjured and brought by human magics.
Could this sickness be brought to heel? Could it be
controlled like a plow or a hammer? He shuddered at
the thought.

The other part of it was that some of these men
and women were his Kinfolk. They carried part of his
spirit within them; they had some lingering recollec-

fp yaa L lS LS a aN tame

SPOLS-OFWAR - Zz — Ss :

tion of the same ancestors. Here they had fallen. He
saw achild, a boy barely old enough to have hair on his
chest, his face planted in the ashen remains of a
cookfire. the body bent in awkward angles. Flies
danced upon the viscous humors that ran weeping
down his split and shirtless back. This wasn't dignity.

Sings-Softly came out ofa tattered tent-flap nearby
and gestured inside with his axe. The Mongol boy had
found his Kin's tent. Good, Geoffrey thought. It is time
to say a proper goodbye.

Rats chewed skin from a man's brow. The man
was large, his body still, the belly distended. In the
corner of the darkened tent, a woman sat, her body
draped across the breadth of an anvil, her teeth
clenched with a black tongue caught between them.
Across the tent, Geoffrey say two children: a girl of
perhaps five, and an infant. The girl had died
cradling the baby, and together they looked like
bloated manikins, a simulacrum of destroyed life.
Flies hummed about.

"My kin," Geoffrey whispered, and tears burned
at the corners of his eyes while his skin crawled. His
brethren, he thought, and blinked away the tears
before they fell. He didn't know these people, at
least not well. He knew so little of his Kinfolk, not
even their names, but they were everywhere. The
line must continue, a voice said inside him. The
ancestors call for it.

This horror made him reconsider. Despair tugged
at him at times like these, and he questioned seriously
whether it was worth it. Was this the future? Was this
the harvest that would be reaped? Why bring new cubs
into a place so easily poisoned and defiled? Did their
fight matter at all? He wasn't so sure anymore.

A wooden cup clattered to the floor and bounced
off an iron cook skewer, and Geoffrey spun around. It
was just Sings-Softly, who was pointing at something
on the tent wall, grunting and gesturing. Geoffrey
looked to see where he was pointing.

In rusty red, smeared across the tent cloth, were
two words.

Bestia Bellum.

"Latin," Geoffrey said. "Beast of War." That didn't
make any sense, he thought. These people weren't
clergy or royalty. Every one of them was illiterate. So
ifhiskin didn't write this ... he spoke the rest out loud:
"Who did?"

= *PREEUE

He heard the shuffle of flesh and fabric behind
him, but by the time he spun, it was too late. The man,
one of his own Kinfolk, buried a wood hatchet in
Geoffrey's shoulder. The Gaian staggered backward,
pulling the weapon from his flesh, and looked at his
dead relation. The eyes ran with syrupy blood, the
pupils distant and unfocused. Still the corpse shambled
forward, mouth opening and closing like that of a
dying fish. Words hissed out, like air leaking from a
wine bladder: "Bestia Bellum."

Up off the anvil, the woman rose. Her tongue
lolled from her mouth, too swollen to fit back inside
her lips. Geoffrey backpedaled more, and suddenly
Sings-Softly was there, beside him and at the ready,
the axe poised to swing. Geoffrey caught the axe heft,
shook his head. "No. Not yet. Please."

The man and woman lunged. Geoffrey lifted his
arms to shield himself but they were faster than he
expected, and stronger, too. Their force matched his
own, and a cold fear grappled his spine. He felt the
change begin, felt the feral bristles push from his pores,
and he pushed the two attackers back, and they
staggered like drunken puppets into one another,
white pus running from black wounds. Sings-Softly
made a noise of alarm, and Geoffrey turned to see the
little girl standing there, her hair stringy and matted
like weeds around her pallid face and her wormy lips
turned to a smile.

"Bestia Bellum," she hissed.

Her mouth opened, and dark bile poured out ina
fountain onto his chest and began to burn. He felt
clumps of fur still attached to skin peel and drop away
like dead flesh. He howled, felt fear and fury over-
whelm him, and he staggered backward through the
tent, tearing back out through the flap and tripping
over a set of rocks, landing on his broadening back.

He tried to stave off the wrath inside of him, felt
it tapering off into a manageable state ... but then he
saw them, once-human shadows staggering closer,
beginning to circle him. All the dead were there,
standing at attention; some had weapons, others their
bare hands. They were whispering, murmuring the
same words over and over again, teeth clacking to-
gether. Beast-of-War, Geoffrey thought, and he knew
that this foretold a grave future.

They descended upon him, and his Rage was
unstoppable.

He leapt to standing, the awful pain in his chest
fading to a dull itch. They attacked, but they were
insects to him, rag dolls caught in a hurricane of razors


and pain. His claws made short work of limbs and
heads, his teeth tasted the grim humors that gushed
from their ruined bodies. That terrible foulness on his
tongue only enraged him further. Somewhere in the
whirlwind of blood and anger, he saw the Mongol boy
stepping atop their heads like a lithe and nimble
dancer, swinging the axe with quiet grace. An iron
cook pot thrust upward into Geoffrey's jaw. His teeth
clashed together over his tongue. It only fueled the
raw blister of anger deep within him, and he felt a
guttural howl burst from his throat as Sings-Softly
fought silently on, his axe carving dark carpentry
through dead flesh. Only more death was to be had,
some small voice said in the back of Geoffrey's head,
and he couldn't see the boy anymore, only mud,
disease, his own Rage.

Twilight arrived, and it was done.

He lay near the long-forgotten cookfire, wearing
his natural Homid form, staring numbly down at the
wound on his chest. The flesh blistered as if burned;
the glistening, skinless parts were already crusting
over with an unhealthy layer of scab. The injury did
not smell right, either. It had a strange stink to it, an
odor that spoke of more than disease. He idly looked
around at all the bodies scattered about and destroyed.
His own hands dripped with ichor, and under his
fingernails were pieces of necrotic skin. He felt sick.

Sings-Softly sat on a rock nearby, scraping a
flat stone against the blade of his axe, letting fly a
few white sparks. As he worked, he occasionally
looked up and over at Geoffrey with a look of
concern, and Geoffrey didn't know what to do, so
he merely looked away.

A wind kicked up, ruffling his hair and beard.
It also blew the smell away for a second and cooled
his wound. The damage he had suffered was not
permanent. It would heal over time, with rest and
some time communing with the spirits. What had
come from the little girl's mouth ... he shuddered
at the thoughts. The physical wounds would heal,
but the scar that the image left as it burned upon his
mind would never heal.

"You want to know who did this," a growling
voice came from off to his left, "but I have no answers."

It was the lupus, Thistletongue. He crept closer,
winding his way through the dismembered corpses.

"I didn't scent you this time," Geoffrey
mumbled. "Even your musky haunches don't stink
quite as bad compared to the horror this place
wreaks upon the nose."

The lupus ignored the comment. "The spirits say
little about all of this. They're scared, you know. Too
scared to share with us the truth behind this night-
mare. But this was purposeful, remember that. Men
wrought this upon other men. War has cast an ugly
shadow across this place, and what you see here is the
true result, the face of what-is-to-come. This horror is
no bedtime story to tell to the pups so they piss their
fur. This is the world of your precious human kin."

Thistletongue caught sight of a fat green fly cir-
cling his head. His ears twitched, and gleefully he shot
his head up and snapped his jaws upon the insect. He
crunched merrily, and he had a strange light in his
eyes, as if to say "I told you so."

"Sic transit gloria mundi," Geoffrey muttered.
Thus passes the glory of the world, he thought sadly.
He almost laughed.

"Squirrel chatter," the Talon commented. "All
your two-leg words sound like squirrel chatter." The
wolf spat out a pair of wings distastefully. "Why you
don't change to your wolf self and stay there is beyond
me. Regardless, men approach. They'll be here before
long. Men with crosses, on horses. Abominations if
you ask me, and surely they'll have questions to ask
about all of this."

Groaning, Geoffrey stood. The scabs on his
chest cracked and bled, and he winced. He nodded
over at Sings-Softly, who hopped up and bounded
over dutifully.

"Thistletongue," Geoffrey said. "You say there's
a meeting."

The lupus nodded. "By the Borealis, yes. There's
acaern. It's—"

"Tknow of it," Geoffrey said, interrupting. "You've
already been promised attendance from others?"

"Many others. Kettil Cleft-Foot of the Fenrir, the
Silent Strider called King-of-Circles. Next I go to the
woman's camp, further south, to see if I can call the
Furies to arms."

Geoffrey snorted. "Never heard of the Strider, but
Cleft-Foot's a war-maker."

"It's time to make war," the lupus said, his fangs
stretching out in the mockery of a smile.

"Perhaps. I don't agree with what you're suggest-
ing. That time is long gone. We no longer control

BOUTS (PSP AEB Sl an STO _ LEE
7 ws PONSORW p: = es

= Se Tees
~ a ciel —~ ee
ee ts ow Ft
i a es ce < = ——
= ~ a
a ee = ~~ neta

them, we can't make new walls and expect them to
stay standing. These aren't cattle. Not anymore.
They're clever. They build castles, and engines of war.
Gaia has accepted them as her children."

"And as her children," he snarled the word with
contempt, "grow more cunning, so does the Corrup-
tor. They will destroy her one day, but we can do
something. We can stop them."

"Maybe. Not in the manner you suggest, I find.
But a compromise may be had."

The lupus chuckled in the back of his throat.
"Compromise. Of course."

"T'll be there," Geoffrey said, finally. "I'll meet you
and the others at the caern when the time is right.
Watch yourself in the meantime. I no longer trust

things as I once did." Thistletongue said nothing,
merely nodded his narrow head and padded off be-
tween two tents. Then he was gone.

Sings-Softly stared up at Geoffrey.

"The world is changing," he said to the Mongol
cub. "Of that there is no doubt. It's time we track
this poison to its source, or we're all meat for the
cookfire." He stared down at his blood-soaked hands.
"Gaia bless us all. We need to travel fast. There is
much to be done, support to be gained. I only hope
it isn't too late."

The two fell to the ground, their bodies already
changing to the wolf forms they would wear for the
long journey ahead. They ran from the encampment,
the aroma of foulness clinging to their fur.

ae ~— ee
4 e°= == -PRESUDE- es



"In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take
every advantage of the enemy."
— Anonymous

Looking back over the history of the world, it might see easiest to take as given that
people have and always will do horrible things to each other. Arguably, the ultimate
expression of this horror is that of war. Masses of people meet on the field of battle to
inflict bloody murder upon each other, sometimes for goals as lofty as saving souls or
defending homes, but more often for profit, resources or sheer hatred.

As the years wear on, humanity only becomes better at the art of war, and the
supernatural inhabitants of the Dark Medieval can scarcely fail to notice. They might
shake their heads in dismay at the humans' folly or seek to profit at the carnage. They
might leap into the battle headlong, adopt human causes as their own (or, conversely,
seek to steer human wars toward their own agendas, although as the Fourth Crusade
proved, humans do as they will and not even the most canny Cainite can completely
subvert them). Each such being, from the vampire who feeds upon the blood of the fallen.
to the inquisitor who hears the confessions of the dying, has a place within the battles
and struggles of mankind.

And, naturally, in the spoils of said battles.

eS
5 tas te i cae tt a

Crows to Carrion

Spoils of War examines the art of making war in
the 13th century. More specifically, it examines how
characters in the various Dark Ages games might
practice that art, their places within an army, what
goals they could serve by fighting (or at least following
the battles) and how these wars are fought.

This book assumes the characters are taking the
offensive. Defending and building a homestead is all
very well, but many of the prime choices for such
homesteads are already taken. This means that inva-
sion isin order (although usually under another pretext
— few warlords are willing to admit the truth of their
actions). Spoils of War discusses how to invade,
destroy and plunder and makes very few excuses for
such actions.

Does that mean that characters who take part in
sieges should face no repercussions? Of course not.
Cainites have the most obvious consequences; most
roads will be tested by the act of charging onto the
battlefield (whether because of the inhumanity in-
volved in killing or the suicidal stupidity that such an
action requires). Any supernatural being who takes part
in a battle, however, might find that when the day (or
night) has been won, other forces lurk in the newly won
territory, forces that have no need of a human army to
defend their sacred glens. Then the characters have an
entirely different kind of fight on their hands ....

Mortals

While vampires, werewolves, mages and inquisi-
tors might take up arms occasionally, the vast majority
of fighting is done by normal mortals. Crusaders,
knights and conscripted peasants arm themselves and
march off to death at the behest of their lords, and few
stop to question if they have any other choice. But
plunder awaits them at battle's end — and this fact is
not lost on supernatural creatures who don't wish to
dirty their hands.

DVassals

Right of Princes introduced the concept of de-
mesne Backgrounds, a collective term for the
Backgrounds that encompass a physical space (Do-
main, Chantry, Chapter-House and Hunting
Grounds). Spoils of War makes occasional reference
to demesne Backgrounds and adds the notion of vassal
Backgrounds. Vassal Backgrounds are those Traits
that indicate the service of another being and include
Retainers, Servants, Flock and Kinfolk.

ges: ES m= ‘f
_— eid =/s*
tia = aig a et
ZS ee

«MEDIEVAL

7 Right of Princes (this book's sister
title), Spoils of War is meant for the
entire Dark Ages line. This means that while
in order to
ar is Dark Ages

Vampire; the information presented herein is
just as useful for games of Dark Ages: Mage,
Inquisitor, Werewolf or any other games re-

the only book you need to have

understand and use Spoils of V

leased in the future.

How to Use This Book

Spoils of War is a resource for Storytellers and
players alike. Players might use it to gain an idea of
what warfare, feudal duty and taking the Cross entail,
which can provide hosts of ideas for character con-
cepts and plot hooks. If the troupe wishes its characters
to expand their holdings, the methods outlined in this
book might be of some use (but beware, for the
Storyteller has access to these strategies as well).

Storytellers might find setting a game in an army
or a camp following very rewarding. The atmosphere
is undeniably compelling— dirty, cramped, the threat
of battle ever-present — and any sort of character
might find a reason to march along with an army.
Also, this book provides ex
for the mass combat system found in the Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion, as well as to the weapons
and armor found in Dark Ages: Vampire.

ansions and alternatives

Chapter by Chapter

Prelude: The Beast of War: A pair of werewolves
encounter the casualties of the new face of war.

Introduction: The part you're reading now.

Chapter One: Duty and Steel. This chapter dis-
cusses the reasons for going to war and the history of
some of the greatest battles of the last few decades, and
gives systems for leading troops, building and using siege
engines, foraging for food and combat at sea.

Chapter Two: Poisoned Quills examines the
shady side of war, including poison, disease and assas
sination. Diplomacy and inheritance (which can be
just as shady) are also discussed.

Chapter Three: Preparing for Battle explores
how to prepare an army, the elements of a medieval
fighting force and its common equipment, the logis-
tics of an army on the march and the most significant
"conflict zones" in the Dark Medieval.

[> Fe to Sees, " la i

<> \ pis SAE Pe ay
nee 3 a
——

Chapter Four: Ashes and Blood revisits the four
sample demesnes first detailed in Right of Princes ...
and tears them down.

Terms

Bailey (also Ward) — The enclosed space within
the walls of a castle. Depending on the structure of the
fortification, a castle may have several baileys.

Barbican — A defensive outwork designed to
protect a gate.

Bartizan — A turret, usually serving as an obser-
vation point.

Battlements — The upper section of a wall. The
vertical stone blocks that form crenellations are known
as merlons, while the open part is called an embrasure.
Embrasures are commonly covered with shutters to
protect the defenders.

Brattice — A wooden hoarding built out from the
battlements to shield defenders and to allow them to
attack those below. See also machicolation.

Concentric Castle — A castle protected by sev-
eral rings of walls, each of which must be penetrated
to reach the core of the fortress.

Curtain wall —The main wall around the bailey.
Usually broken up by towers.

Gateway — An entranceway, usually flanked by
towers and protected by a portcullis.

Greek Fire — An incendiary preparation similar
to modern-day napalm.

aa, =
ae 2
<Oh s

Keep — A massive stone tower or box, usually at
the heart of a castle as a refuge.

Mangonel — A military engine similar to a cata-
pult used for hurling stones and other missiles.

Machicolation — Brattices made of stone and
incorporated into the structure of a wall or tower.

Moat — A ditch surrounding fortifications. May
or may not be filled with water.

Motte and Bailey — A simple castle, involving
an artificial mound (motte) atop which isa wooden or
stone tower, surrounded by a wall.

Murder Holes — Openings in the ceiling of a
passage (often the gateway) through which defenders
can fire or pour boiling liquids onto an attacker below.

Portcullis — A wood or iron grille intended to
restrict passage through a gateway.

Postern — A small gate through a wall, often
concealed and well defended.

Quicklime — A form of calcium oxide used as a
chemical weapon.

Scutage — "Shield money;" the practice of wealthy
landowners giving their lords money instead of serv-
ing time on the battlefield. The money is then typically
used to hire professional soldiers.

Towers — Structures usually of stone but also of
wood, designed as vantage points, support for walls,
and shelters.

Trebuchet — A counterweight siege engine.



HAPTER ONE:
DUTY AND SCEEL

"We few, we happy few, we bandiof brothers;

For he today that sheds his blood with me

Shall be my brother; be he neér so vile,

This day shall gentle his condition;

And gentlemen in England now a-bed

Shall think themselves accursed they were not here,
And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks
That fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day."

— William Shakespeare, Henry V

Residents of the Dark Medieval are unlikely to be familiar with the opening
lines of Sun Tzu's The Art of War, which states, "The art of war is of vital
importance to the State. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or
to ruin." They would empathize with its meaning, however. War and its
execution are central to the social order, the entire concept of feudalism and
fealty built around the bonds of military service. The formation and employment
of castle guards, militia, armies and other armed forces are thus a key part of the
lives of many, particularly the noble classes. While the rule of law and morality
holds sway in most areas, the principal of "might makes right" is never far from
anyone who holds (or would seek to hold) power. Even those who are not directly
involved in the prosecution of wars will likely find themselves involvedto some
degree, either as part of the feudal structure (where applicable), supporting or
financing the combatants, or else victims of war.

AMartial Society

Much of the way battles and wars are fought in the
Dark Medieval is tied to the social structures and
mindset of the practitioners. In much of Europe, these
are synonymous with the concepts of feudalism and
chivalry, though different forces act on the fringes of
"civilized" society, such as Outremer.

Feudal Society

Central to much — bocby no means all — of the
power structure in Europe is the principle of feudal-
ism. In its most basic form, feudalism is a series of
interlocking relationships and duties that bind a land-
holder to his superiors. Usually, the land belongs to
the overlord (liege) but is parceled out among his
subordinates (vassals) in exchange for particular ser-
vices and loyalty. In general, this service is military in
nature, with the landholder bound to provide his
master with a number of troops for a specific period of
the year, depending on the size and nature of the land
grant (commonly known as a fief). Feudalism is hier-
archical, and in many cases one landholder's overlord
is a vassal of another higher lord, forming a pyramid of
power at the pinnacle of which sits the monarch. The
feudal relationship works both ways, too; in addition
to granting his vassals land, the overlord is responsible
for protecting the lands and rights of his subordinates.

Feudalism is not, however, static. It evolved over
the centuries to reflect local conditions, and while the
basic structures of feudalism exist across much of the
Dark Medieval local variations are becoming increas-
ingly pronounced. In northern France and England,
for example, land grants are the principal means of
securing vassalage and its attendant military service,
while in the south of France, where many knights
reside in towns, payment for service is more common.
In many areas, lords buy themselves out of their
military service obligations, providing the monarch
with money (in England known as "scutage" — shield
money) that in turn paid for the hiring of mercenary
troops. This is particularly appropriate in the Angevin
domains, obviating the need to take feudal troops
from the relative security of the British Isles onto the
continent where most of the Angevin battles took
place.

Cainites have found great uses for chivalry — its
rigid organization reflects their own power structures
— leading to the establishment of feudal domains that
span much of Europe. The Baronies of Avalon in the
British Isles, the Courts of Love in France, the Sea of

Shadows in Iberia, Italy and Greece, the Fiefs of the
Black Cross in Germany, and the Voivodate in East-
ern Europe are each headed by a Cainite monarch.
Though these are not nations in the same sense as the
mortal institutions, they do place considerable power
in the hands of a relatively small number of leaders.
More details on the Cainite nobility of Europe can be
found in Dark Ages: Europe.

Chivalry

The concept of chivalry is inextricably linked
with the image of the medieval knight — the idea that
the actions of a Christian warrior are bound by a
particular code of mortality and ethics. In reality, no
individual code exists but rather a series of overlap-
ping ideals. For example, while the ideals for a noble
and a knight have much in common — both stress
military skill and behavior — that of the knight
revolves almost entirely around warfare while that of
a noble stresses learning and justice. Eventually a
merging of these ideals occurred as those of a Christian
knight, and in the 13th century the soldier-priest
Ramén Lull of Majorca codifies these in his Libre del
Ordre de Cauayleria ("The Book of the Order of
Chivalry"). The core attributes are faith, courtes
honesty, purity, loyalty, prowess and the absence of
pride. In many regards, this recognizes the Christian
virtues in the military context, at least for the chival-
rous knight who fights only when he has to (as
opposed to professional soldiers who are considered to
be both inferior and damned).

In many regards, the ideals are impossible to
adhere to fully on the battlefield (although the effort
ismade) —abstinence from killing, good treatment of
prisoners — but other aspects became central to
martial orders, notably loyalty to comrades, respect for
fellow knights and an unwillingness to break oaths
(no matter how inconvenient or unjust). Other as-
pects, such as mercy toward the weak, are considered
virtues but are rarely practiced save when it suits the
knight. The absence of pride is likewise rarely practi-
cal. Indeed, many warriors desire glory and the
establishment of their reputation, which crystallizes
in the form of prowess. The knight able to demon-
strate both prowess and absence of pride is a rare
warrior.

Even where a knight does not follow the chivalric
ideal, the concepts of good and bad war prevail.
Tolerance and restraint typify "good war" while cru-
elty and barbarism epitomize "bad war." Outrages such
as occurred at Jerusalem or Béziers were exceptions to
the rule, and for the most part civilians are spared

YS. 7 e ; "
[fx rh fr Lai So Sr
Sqm -SPOLLSORWAR =<———y 2325:

outright bloodshed, albeit not the hardships of war
(see Foraging on p.40 XX). As the practice of ransom
(see Chapter Three) shows, noble troops can expect
to be treated well by their peers in enemy forces when
not in combat, but nonnoble troops frequently suffer
abuse at the hands of their "superiors." Likewise, the
chivalric ideals are only practical where all those
involved adhered to them (principally France and
England). This is often true where the combatants are
knights, but as infantry grows in importance, the role
of chivalry declines.

Inareas where Christianity doesn't hold sway, the
tenets of chivalry rarely apply, though elements do
appear, particularly as they relate to the military arts.
For example, the Saracens of Outremer do respect
martial learning that they codify in the form of the
furusiya that also encompasses social behavior. Like-
wise, Islamic belief encourages hospitality. Islamic
warriors have no compunction, however, about using
methods that a chivalric European would find offen-
sive, such as assassination; success is what matters, not
how that success is achieved.

Even in the heart of Western Christendom, the
tenets of chivalry aren't always accepted. While the
Order of the Poor Knights of the Passion of the Cross
of Acre solidly adhere to the tenets of chivalry (ex-
cept, of course, where the Adversary is concerned),
the Red Order and the Oculi Dei are less particular
about the methods used and more interested in the
end results of their actions. Similarly, Garou such as
the Warders, Fianna, Fenrir and Silver Fangs, while
not always adhering to the tenets of chivalry —and in
fact rarely Christian — do follow their own codes of
honor that approximate the chivalric ideal. Con-
versely, the Black Furies, Bone Gnawers and Red
Talons rarely do so, foregoing the niceties of "civiliza-
tion" in favor of baser instincts.

The adoption of chivalry by magi likewise varies
depending on the prevailing culture. As Muslims, the
Batini do not adhere to the tenets of chivalry though
they may follow the furusiya code. Members of the
Messianic Voices, however, are more likely to follow
the chivalric ideal — indeed, a number are members
of the martial orders — and the Hermetics' belief in
self-discipline leads a number of their members to
follow the chivalric ideal to some extent. Pagan groups
— the Old Faith, Spirit-Talkers and Valdaermen —
follow the lead of their prevailing cultures in rejecting
the precepts of chivalry.

Among Cainites, the concepts of chivalry have
taken strongest root among the High Clans, notably
the Toreador, Ventrue and Lasombra, though its

acceptance is far from universal and members of the
Low Clans may also follow its tenets. Conversely,
members of other clans, most often the Tzimisce, may
accept the ideals of knighthood and martial service
without accepting chivalry per se. Indeed, while some
Cainites are strong believers in the concept of chiv-
alry and its practitioners — knights embody both
martial and political power — others fear chivalry for
much the same reason. Some Cainites empathize
strongly with the struggle of knights to hold true to
their ideals and liken it to their own struggle against
their vampiric nature. It is little surprise, therefore,
that a number of Cainites are members of chivalric
orders, most notably the Order of Bitter Ashes and the
Order of Rodrigo. Chapter One of The Ashen Knight
provides more detail on chivalry and its application
and variations in the Dark Medieval.

The Causes of War

A wide range of reasons exist to explain why
armies launch into enemy territories and battles take
place. Some are crude and simplistic, easily under-
stood and classified. Most, however, are more complex,
involving multiple causes and factors, frequently
interlinked. Indeed, many overt reasons for conflict
may conceal less public but more accurate rationales.
Such hidden motives may be known only to a few or
an open secret among those involved. The most
notable rationales are religion, politics, resources and
culture, but each encompasses a legion of le:
and rationales and in many cases isa confused mélange
of reasons.

Wars f Religion

Religion is perhaps the most stirring cause of war
in the Dark Medieval and is the rationale for numer-
ous large-scale campaigns. Of these, the wars in the
Levant known collectively as the Crusades are most
far-reaching, drawing troops from across Europe and
seeking to bind them into a common force to advance
the cause of Christianity.

Religion can also restrain hostilities, via either
the Truce of God, a general suspension of hostilities
for a short period, or the Peace of God, a more
permanent set of restrictions on warfare, albeit re-
stricted to set times, locales (churches, monasteries,
cemeteries) and persons (clerics, virgins, pilgrims,
crusaders). For example, in Christian lands, battles are
rarely fought on Sundays, a day protected by the Peace
of God, and other holy periods such as Advent and
Lent are likewise considered sacrosanct. The penalty

Tr Causes

~ a
2 ONE FN oN Carry
STEEL fe A Se IS


for breaking the Peace of God or the Truce of God is
excommunication or exile. Where opposing religions
clash — such as in Outremer or the Baltic — such
matters gain additional significance; a Christian force
may not wish to fight on a Sunday but its opponents
may have no such compunction and so the Christian
force must keep up its guard or else be caught unpre-
pared. In aclassic example of what not to do, anumber
of Livonian knights died in Lithuania battling forces
under the Spirit-Talker Mindaugan after the knights
set up camp in Zemaitija but failed to post guards,
trusting to the Peace of God. Mindaugan, understand-
ing only that the invaders had foolishly failed to post
guards, took this asa sign that the spirits were with him
and pressed the attack. The knights, whether because
of spiritual intervention or their own stupidity, were
slain almost to a man.

The Crusades

In 1095 at the Council of Clermont, Pope Urban
II responded to calls by the Byzantines for aid against
the encroaching Muslins and called for a crusade to
liberate the Holy Land and restore the ease of passage
for pilgrims bound to Jerusalem. While war against the
infidel was the most obvious of the reasons for the First
Crusade, Pope Urban also hoped it would help unify
the eastern (Orthodox) and western (Catholic)

branches of the Christian faith (and, of course, gain-
ing personal power was most certainly a goal for Urban
as well).

The Crusade established a series of European lord-
ships — the Crusader States — that were the focus of
struggles between Christians and Muslims for the next
few centuries. The half-hearted Second Crusade failed
to improve the Crusader position, while the Muslim
success at Hattin prompted the Third Crusade that,
while a military success, achieved its goal — Christian
access to Jerusalem — only by means of politics and
negotiation. These conflicts also operated on a wider
level than European Christians vs. the Muslim inhabit-
antsof the region. Other forcesaccompanied the Crusades
— European Cainites clashed with the native Ashirra
while Hermetic and Messianic magi sought to learn the
mysteries of the Levant, bringing them into conflict with
the local Ahl-i-Batin. Even the Garou, nominally re-
spectful of territorial rights, found themselves thrust into
conflict with their cousins in Outremer. Though brought
about by religion, these conflicts were (and still are in
most cases) less concerned with religion than with
culture and politics and are thus discussed in those
sections below. The notable exceptions are the Euro-
pean Cainite vs. Ashirraand Messianic vs. Batini clashes,
both of which are centered on religion even though they
encompass other concerns. In both cases, the competing


factions not only disdain the others but also reg:

as blasphemous perversions of the truth. As such, nei-

ther faction gives the other any quarter and the result is

a bloody and highly charged environment.

1225 and
227, but all proved disastrous. The Venetians sup-

ported the Fourth Crusade in 1204 that ended with

Three more crusades followed in 120:

the sack of Constantinople and the fall of the B

of the
Crusader fervor in Europe — the shattered lands of
attractiv
power than the harsh lands of Outremer. It also
heralded the onset of the Cainite War of Princes, the
destruction of the Patriarch of Constantinopl

tine Empire while simultaneously ending muc

Byzantium were more to those seeking

Just War AND THE CRUSADER MENTALITY

6 hough Christianity espouses peaceful coex
istence, the Church tolerates — and in-
deed has encouraged on a number of occasions —
the taking up of arms and resolution of matters by
force. Saint Augustine's work On the City of God
proposed the doctrine that developed into "Just
War," later added to by Alexander of Hales. Such
conflicts are considered just if they are intended to
right a wrong (real or perceived). Indeed, August-
ine stated justa bella ulciscuntur injuries —"Just wars
avenge injuries."

Such Just Wars have a seriés of governing
principals codified in the 13th century by Tho-
mas Aquinas in his De Bello, part of his Summa
Theologica. Legitimate Authority grants only the
rulers of the state the right to declare war. Others
below the rank of sovereign do not have this
right, as they may appeal to higher authorities in
the form of courts or their liege-lords. Just Cause
allows a nation to wage war on another if the
target has caused some injury tothe aggressor (or
its allies). Right Intentions require the armies
involved to keep the objectives of peace and "just
cause" in mind. They may do so to right wrongs
inflicted on them but should not fight simply for
revenge or plunder. Last Resort implies that all
nonviolent means for resolution should have
been exhausted before the parties resort to war.
Probability of Success requires that no matter how
just, a war should be fought only if'a reasonable
prospect of victory exists. The later Proportional-
ity (added by Aquinas) tenets say that the
prospects of good in the war must outweigh the
evil (damage, etc.) caused by the conflict.

Of course, many conflicts do not fulfill all of
these criteria (or even the initial five), though
frequently the combatants engineer or manufac
ture appropriate justifications, particularly to justify
their action as "righting a wrong" Where' this is
not the case, the combatants (though usually just
the aggressor) risked censure by the Church. For

example, Pope Honorious II threatened supporters
of Prince Louis of France with excommunication if
they continued their "unjust" war against Henry Ill.

The Benedictine Gratian, in establishing canon law
as a distinct theological discipline in the 12th century,
distinguished between Just War (in defense of the state)
and Holy War (in defense of the Church), though both
are bound up in the tenets of faith. The latter is central to
theestablishmentofthe "Crusader Mentality"—the idea
ofawar ofaggression in defense of the Church and itsholy
places. Indeed, participating in such wars, the Crusades as
they became known, was not only justified in the sight of
god but wasa religious imperative. "Taking the Cross" —
the crusaders' vows, signified by a cross sewn onto their
garments—isrelatively common. Almostanyonecando
this—rich orpoor, male orfemale—though the majority
of active crusaders are male soldiers. Other cross-takers
demonstrated their support of the cause by providing
money (often impoverishing themselves and their fami-
lies while filling the coffers of the Church) or aiding the
active crusaders, and received favors from the Church
comparable to those granted an active crusader (usually
papal protection of their lands and property, as well as
¢ternal salvation for their souls).

An individual's reasons for taking the Cross can
yary considerably. Many — mortal, undead or oth-
erwise — do'so for religious reasons, their fervor
directed into the "holy war," but some do so in
support of others (particularly a low-status indi-
vidual in
own po:
buoyed by dreams of self-aggrandizement or quests
for personal profit, though the cost of the endeavor
— and the risks involved — meant that such
individuals
distinct minority. Europe's mages — the Hermetics
and Messianics in particular — use the crusades to
advance their own causes, concealing themselves
among the crusaders and their entourage in an effort
to expand their knowledge of the-world and to
divine the secrets of Outremer.

support of his master), to advance their
ions or as part of a penance. Some are

were, in the early crusades at least, a


Michael, being regarded as the first overt move in the
struggle between Europe's most powerful Cainites.

The Albigensian Crusade

The dualist heresy known as Catharism gained a
solid foothold in southern France. Concerned with
the influence its followers had on affairs in the region
and its challenge to the church, Pope Innocent III
declared it a heresy to be eliminated. He called on the
King of France, Philippe II, to take action against the
southern nobles who supported (or at least tolerated)
the heresy. The king refused. Efforts to suppress the
heresy turned into a crusade in 1208 after the assassi
nation of papal legate Pierre de Castelnau at
Saint-Gilles. In response, the Pontiff proclaimed a
crusade against the heretics of the Midi, declaring
their lands void and offering indulgences to any who
would take the cross against them. Again, King Philippe
refused to become involved but did authorize his
vassals to aid the Church's cause. Others joined the
Crusade in search of lands and wealth.

The Albigensian Crusade also incorporated

struggles between the Provencal Cainites and those of

the Courts of Love in Paris. Numerous Cainites joined
the crusade, ostensibly to protect their faith — the
Cainite Heresy is deeply rooted in the lands around
Toulouse — but also to remove a threat to their
hegemony and to expand their own holdings. The
trigger for this was accusations leveled at Escarlamonde
the Black of Toulouse who, it was claimed, conspired
with Aragonese Lasombra and who was thus targeted
by Ventrue and Toreador forces under cover of the
crusade against the Cathar Heresy. While operating
under the cover of the mortal crusade, the battle
between Cainites took its own tortuous path, target-
ing a number of vampiric holdings in the region or
manipulating mortal forces to do so. Such brutality
quickly became a matter of policy among the mon-
strous members of the crusade; seeking to exploit the
chaos to their own advantage, numerous Ventrue and
their retainers targeted areas frequented by Hermetic
mages (often under the counsel of Tremere advisors).

The mortal Crusaders seized several towns, the
most notable of which was Béziers, which could have
withstood the siege for some time were it not for a
group of residents seeking to escape and who in doing
so allowed the Crusaders entry. Many inhabitants
were slain — up to twenty thousand according to some
accounts — including many who had taken refuge in
the Church of the Magdalene. The threat of further
butchery led to the quick surrender of Carcassonne,
seat of Raymond-Roger Trenceval, who died in cap-

tivity three months later, some say of dysentery, others
say assassinated by the crusaders. A succession of
battles and sieges followed, culminating in the Battle
of Muret in 1213 when, despite outnumbering the
Crusaders, the local lords were defeated.

In secret, however, the crusade took a number of
unexpected and dangerous twists. The Church learned
of the Cainite Heresy (although it did not make the
connection between Cainites and vampires) and its
agents pursued these vile blasphemers with even more
fervor than they did the Cathars. Though the Cainite
Heresy outlasted Catharism in Languedoc, its discov-
ery was central to the chain of events that led to the
formation of the shadow Inquisition. Though that
order did not formally come into existence until the
first Council of Faith in 1223, various elements were
involved in this first phase of the crusade against "the
servants of Satan."

In mortal ken, the conflict rumbled on until 1224
when, after the Pope invited them to negotiate, the
lords of Languedoc swore to fight heresy and respect
the king's authority. This endeavor failed and trig-
gered a crusade by King Louis VIII of France,
culminating with the Treaty of Paris in 1229 that
included the military surrender of the pro-Cathar
lords. Officially, the Council of Toulouse later that
year ended the Crusade, but in truth the conflict
against the Cathars merely entered a new phase while
the civil war among magi and Cainites continued
unabated.

More details of the Albigensian Crusade and its
impact on the Cainites of Languedoc can be found in
Chapter Two of Dark Ages: Europe.

The Reconquista

The rapid expansion of the Islamic world led
them to conquer almost all of the Iberian peninsula by
the early eighth century — in fact the Muslim forces
reached as far as Poitou, where they were repulsed by
Charles Martel in 732. The native forces began the
reconquest of Iberia almost immediately but made
little ground against the unified enemy. Only when
the Islamic hegemony collapsed into a collection of
petty states in the 1 1th century did they begin to make
progress. The Crusader mentality that swept Europe
likewise surfaced in Iberia, but rather than being
directed toward the Holy Land, it was channeled into
the liberation of "their" lands from Islamic domina-
tion. The most notable of the lords of the early
Reconquista was Rodrigo Diaz de Vivar, better known
as El Cid (from the Islamic sayyid or "lord"), who
despite his refusal of the Embrace remained a major


icon for the region's Lasombra Cainites. Unusually,
though he sought to expand Christian holdings, El
Cid worked with the Muslim ruler of Saragossa and
occasionally fought against other Christians, demon-
strating the complex interactions of politics and
religion. This complexity also applies to the super-
natural conflicts that mark the Iberian Peninsula.
Batini and Hermetic mages can often be found in
discussion, though relations between Messianics and
the Islamic magi are much more volatile.

Several military orders emerged as a result of — or
to support — a succession of Iberian crusades, most
notably the Knights of Santiago, who protected the
pilgrimage routes across northern Iberia to Santiago de
Compostela. Cainites, seeking to eject the Ashirra from
Iberia, founded their own military orders, some inter-
twined with mortal institutions, others standing alone.
Their clashes with the Islamic vampires are perhaps
more clear-cut than the mortal wars of reconquest; while
the mortals entertain the ideas of incorporating the
lands and peoples of their enemy, the Cainites seek their
annihilation or ejection. A number of Iberia's vampires
(particularly in Portugal) are embroiled in the Cainite
Heresy that often works at cross-purposes with Clan
Lasombra's Amici Noctis, promoting tensions within the
Christian Cainites of Iberia.

By the 1230s, much of Iberia has been returned to
native control and, with the exception of expansion
by Aragon into the Balearic Islands, the "liberation"
of Iberia comes to a virtual standstill for several
decades, the Moorish Kingdom of Granada recogniz-
ing the overlordship of Castile and working in harmony
with its northern neighbors.

Tibad

The Islamic concept of "jihad" is much misunder-
stood, often taken tomean the conquestand conversion
of lands by force of arms. Jihad is a more complex
matter, involving both spiritual struggles within one-
self and efforts to spread the Islamic faith. Islam
encourages peaceful conversion of others — in fact,
the Qur'an prohibits conversions by force — particu-
larly other "peoples of the book," who are allowed to
continue their faith after payment of a tax. Provision
is made for the waging of holy war against unbelievers
and enemies of the faith, and those who fall in jihad
are considered martyrs, their sins are forgiven, and
they are immediately allowed into paradise. The Qur'an
also prohibits the waging of wars for the sake of
acquiring wealth and power, but, as in the Christian
world, such precepts are often overlooked or deliber-
ately undermined by unscrupulous rulers.

The Baltic

The Teutonic Knights' conquests in the Baltic —
Prussia from 1233 to 1283 and later expanding to
Poland and Lithuania — as well as Sweden and
Novgorod's expansion into Finland brings both Catho-
lic and Orthodox Christianity into conflict with older
pagan religions and their supernatural supporters. The
factions of Christianity also battle each other; Swed-
ish forces under Birger Magnusson face off against
their Orthodox Novgorod rivals at the Neva River in
1240, leading to the victorious Russian commander
being dubbed Alexander "Nevsky," who goes on to
defeat the Teutonic Knights on the ice of Lake Peipus
in 1242. This loosely organized conflict lasts decades,
disrupted briefly by the Mongol invasion, though
Russian Princes such as Nevsky cooperate with their
new overlords to maintain Christianity and rebuild
the strength of the Russian principalities.

Various factions of supernatural beings ally them-
selves with the forces seeking dominance over the
region, notably Cainites who are untroubled by the
harsh conditions and revel in the long dark winters,
and various groups of werewolf and Kinfolk. The
greatest conflict, however, is between disparate groups
of mages as well as forces of the Church. The main
combatants are the Messianic Voices and the Spirit-
Talkers, the former inan unknowingalliance with the
shadow Inquisition's Red Order against the pagan
magi. Both Christian groups eye each other warily,
neither trusting the other but reliant on them to split
the attention of the entrenched Spirit-Talkers and
theirallies. Here, the Messianics have the upper hand,
caring little — unlike the Red Order — about the
activities of werewolves and vampires in the region.
To the shadow Inquisition, the lands of the Baltic are
truly the devil's playgrounds.

The Chivalric Orders

One offshoot of the Crusades to Outremer, and in
both Iberian and Eastern Europe, are the Chivalric
Orders. Most fall under the purview of the Church,
their organization and actions subject to the approval
of the Pope, though they usually operate indepen-
dently. Some, however, originated outside the Church
and were either approved post-facto or remain inde-
pendent. A few wield immense power, and while not
strong enough to be regarded as "sovereign" (i.e.,
nations in their own right), several do have enough
influence to hold themselves above the petty con-
cerns of countries.

aay — a
\ Bag So Sore
<—O° 38 == ss EBON ————— es iD = 5d
> \ SiN BUTVANS STEEL ™ 7


penne a

=

Members of the orders are bound to their fellows
by religious and personal vows and their activities
regulated by rules and strictures. In some — those
regarded as military-monastic orders such as the
Templars — the members serve as both combatants
and pri Other orders, like the Knights of Saint
John, differentiate between fighting men and clerics,
while wholly hospitaler orders such as the Order of
Saint Lazarus care for others but have no fighting men.

Chapter Three of The Ashen Knight details
several of the orders listed below (and others), while
Chapter Four of that book details the Cainite Order of
Bitter Ashes. Iberia by Night contains details on the
Knights of Santiago and the Lions of Rodrigo. Under
a Black Cross details the Teutonic Knights and the
Order of the Black Cross. The Poor Knights of the
Passion of the Cross of Acre are detailed in Dark
Ages: Inquisitor.

¢ Poor Knights of Christ and of the Temple of
Solomon (Templars): Military-monastic order,
founded in Outremer circa 1119. Their symbol is a red
cross on a white background. The current Grand
Master is Peter de Montaigu. The order incorporates
asmallM nic chantry, some of the Templars' most
prominent figures numbering among these knight-
magi
Inquisition's Poor Knights of the Passion of the Cross
of Acre. Rumors circulate that some members of the
order have been lured into demonic pacts.

¢ Knights of Saint John of Jerusalem
(Hospitalers): Military-hospitaler order, founded in
Outremer in 1080. Their symbol is a white cross worn
on a black robe. In 1230, the Grand Master of the
order is Bertrand de Thessy.

It is also a major recruiting ground for the

© Order of Saint Lazarus: Hospitaler order,
founded in Outremer in 1100 and responsible for the
care of lepers.

¢ Order of the Knights of the Hospital of St.
Mary of the Teutons in Jerusalem (Teutonic
Knights): Military-hospitaler order founded in
Outremer in 1190 but presently crusading in Prussia.
The current Grand Master of the order is Hermann
von Salza. The ghoul and Cainite Order of the Black
Cross (see below) exists within the Teutonic Knights.

¢ Order of Avis: Military order, founded in
Portugal in 1143.

¢ Knights Alcantara: Military order, founded in
Leén in 1156.

Knights Calatrava: Military order, founded in Castille
in 1158, with strong ties to the Cistercian monks.

© Order of the Sword: Founded on Cyprus in
1192 by Guy of Lusignan.

© Military Order of Saint James of the Sword
(Knights of Santiago): Military-hospitaler order,
founded in Castile in 1164. It is the principal recruit-
ing ground for the Poor Knights of the Passion of the
Cross of Acre in Iberia.

© Order of Our Lady of Mercy (Mercedarians):
Military-hospitaler (though regarded by many as sim-
ply a hospitaler) order, founded in Barcelona in 1218.

* Knights of Saint Thomas of Acre: Military-
hospitaler order, founded circa 1190, allegedly by
Richard the Lionhearted.

© Knights of Sant-Jordi d'Alfama: Founded in
Aragon in 1201, this order helps administer Majorca
after its capture by Aragon. Clan Lasombra has a
substantial foothold within the order, exerting much
of its influence though high-ranking ghouls.

¢ Livonian Brothers of the Sword (The Sword
Brethren): Founded privately in Bremen in 1197 but
later established as a military order in 1202. It merges
with the Teutonic Order in 1237. The leader is Grand
Master Volkwin von Winterstatten. Unknown to the
Sword Brethren, many of their members originating
in Oldenburg are werewolf Kinfolk and a small pack of
Fenrir operates within the order.

© The Poor Knights of the Passion of the Cross
of Acre: A military-monastic order of the shadow
Inquisition, drawing its membership from other or-
ders, notably the Templars, Hospitalers, Teutonic
Knights and Knights of Santiago.

© Order of Bitter Ashes: A Cainite military
order, operating across Europe but based at the Castle
in the Lake in Scotland. It epitomiz
chivalry as they apply to vampires and also aids
nonwarrior Cainites in their search for redemption.
The order suffered grievous losses in the Albigensian
Crusades, its Provencal holdings targeted by both
mortal and Cainite crusaders.

© The Lions of Rodrigo: A Cainite military order
in Iberia, dedicated to the Shadow Reconquista to
liberate Iberia from the Muslim Ashirra. They are,
however, viewed with suspicion by their Christian
fellows, targeting as they do any Cainites who are not
wholly committed to the Shadow Reconquista.

© Order of the Black Cross: A military order
within the Teutonic Knights in which members are
initiated into an ever-deepening series of mysteries,
first becoming ghouls blood-bound to the Cainites
within the order and then — in a few instances —

he concepts of

a WS a SS
fy yo fe Lohans A
tb a=, ————w. 0 = ety a
t —. "SPOS OPWAR- fx ——


granted the Embrace. Lucretia von Hartz, a vassal of
Lord Jiirgen, leads the Order of the Black Cross.

Political Wars

Whether it is a dispute over land or a succession,
or in response to some perceived injury, armies take
the field. Often this is in violation of the concepts of
Just War, though many lords seek to establish at least
some pretext for their actions. Disputes over rights —
those of a vassal with respect to his liege and vice versa
— are a common source of conflict. A land-holder
who feels his rights are being damaged or ignored by
his overlord may feel his only way to seek redress is by
fighting, though a very fine line exists between de-
fending one's rights and committing a treasonous act.
A lord may likewise view force of arms as the only way
of impressing his will on a rebellious vassal and is
within his rights to retake land from a subordinate
who has abrogated his oaths of allegiance. Of course,
precisely when rights are being damaged and by whom
is a matter of interpretation, and it is probable that
both sides in a conflict view themselves as right. In
most cases, the lines of responsibility are clear —a lord
may be the vassal of one lord, from whom he holds
lands or receives income, and may in turn be the
overlord of lesser nobles, nonetheless maintaining a
clear line of loyalty and duty. Where such matters
become problematic is when a lord is simultaneously
an equal and a vassal of another lord. For example, the
Angevin Kings are vassals of the King of France for
most of their continental holdings but are themselves
the overlords of England and its possessions.

This applies as much to the supernatural forces of
the Dark Medieval as it does the mortal institutions.
A vampiric vassal may fall afoul of his overlord or
resent her present relationship. The frictions between
Mithras and a number of his subordinates in the Court
of Avalon are acase in point, asare those in the Courts
of Love, notably in Provence and concealed by the
Albigensian Crusade.

Internal political conflicts may take the form of
civil war, pitting one faction against another. This can
result from the independence vs. fealty situation out-
lined above but is usually more complex in nature. For
example, the troubles that dogged the latter part of
John Lackland's reign came about because of political
disputes over rights and responsibilities, as well as the
king's perceived weakness after being excommuni-
cated. This mortal conflict coincided with efforts by
ambitious Cainites to unseat Prince Mithras, leading
to war by both night and day. The mortal situation
became even more complicated when the barons

called upon the King of France for aid — he sent his
son, Louis, who sought to take the throne. The French
Cainites who supported Louis and who sought to
challenge Mithras' rule over Avalon did not find the
British Cainites disorganized like their mortal associ-
ates. Instead, they encountered a unified and well
organized force, both militarily and politically. Un-
like the Magna Carta, the Rose Treaty that defined
Cainite authority quickly proved effective, ending
(for the moment) action against Mithras.
Succession in its own right can be the trigger for
political conflict. Disputes can erupt over who should
succeed (such as the English "Anarchy" that resulted
from Stephen and Matilda's disputes in the mid-12th
century) ora successor seeking to take "his" authority
before the demise of his predecessor (as with Henry
the Young King and Richard the Lionhearted vs. their
father, Henry II, though the two sons did not act
together). Though the blood oath usually counters
this type of challenge of a sire by his childer, such
situations can arise among the Cainites as a whole.
Indeed, the diablerie of Saulot by the Tremere can be
seen as the ultimate challenge to the established line
of succession, while on a smaller scale individual
Cainites may seek to unseat and diablerize their el-
ders. Matters of succession likewise affect the Garou,
but whereas in Cainite or mortal society such battles
are damaging, the Garou believe that they serve to
keep a pack or sept strong. Deposing a weak leader is
almost a societal imperative among the werewolves,
though the Litany allows such challenges only when
no immediate threat to the pack exists, a fact canny
alphas use to minimize challenges to their authority.

Wars of Resources

The quest for wealth and land, though officially
dismissed by the concept of Just War, is the major
factor in many conflicts in the Dark Medieval. In a
number of cases, such wars are inextricably linked
with politics (such as the conflicts between the
Angevin and Capetian dynasties in England and
France) or religion (in the form of the Crusades and
Reconquista). The Garou and Cainites are often
thrown into conflict over such matters, notably in
Ireland, Scandinavia and Russia, where the vampires
have expanded into lands previously claimed exclu-
sively by the werewolves. Likewise, werewolves and
mages clash over control of caerns, and occasionally
even the fae appear to defend the glens they have
traditionally held.

In the East, "Tartar" raiders plundered numerous
towns along the Black Sea coast, raiding both the

\ ce Sy Pt a aA =~
EPPS SY 5 ced. S CHAPTER ON AN Aree tees, \2) se | 2 Se

~

i
|


Crimea and the Dneiper Valley before withdrawing.
The people of the region live in fear that these
attackers will return, little realizing that this "inva-
sion" is little more than a scouting force. The Mongol
Horde descended on Russia in 1223, conquering Kiev
before driving into Eastern Europe. The invaders
penetrate as far as Liegnitz (where a great battle is
fought in April of 1241) before withdrawing to Russia
and establishing the Golden Horde. The Cainites
known as Anda are entwined with this invading
society and play a significant role in the nightly battles
in Russia and Eastern Europe. Though lacking the
numerical advantage of their mortal comrades, the
Anda are more than a match for the Cainite princes
of the Russian principalities, many of whom will fall
before the invaders. More detail on the Anda and
their impact on Russia and Eastern Europe can be
found in Wind from the East.

Wars of Culture

"Wars of Culture" take place when radically dif-
ferent societies come into contact with each otherand
battle for supremacy. For the most part, these overlap
with wars of religion, politics and resources, but rather
than just a single element of society being in conflict,
such wars see an attempt by one culture to replace the
incumbent institutions with its own. In Iberia, Islamic
institutions and attitudes are being replaced whole-
sale, albeit slowly, with those of the Christian lands,
while in Outremer the effects are less pronounced.
Indeed, in the "Christian" Crusader kingdoms, most
of the subjects are Jewish or Muslim and the Christian
lords frequently make deals with their neighbors.
Indeed, the Christian nobility often get on well with
their Muslim neighbors and subjects — which is more
than can be said of the Ashirra and the "Frankish"
Cainites who wage almost constant war against each
other, neither willing to give up dominion of the
nights. In stark contrast, the Ahl-i-Batin are some-
what less wedded to their dominance of the Levant.
They have shown themselves willing to tolerate some
outside traditions, notably the Hermetics, while re-
maining at odds with others such as the Messianic
Voices, a result of the Christian mages' religious and
cultural biases.

Even in the heart of Christendom, clashes of reli-
gion and culture take place as mortal and supernatural
institutions seek to stamp out the pre-existing and
replace them with homogenous Christian practices.
The rich Provencal culture fell before the depredations
of the Albigensian Crusade, and Garou of all tribes and
Old Faith are the main targets of supernatural attention,

joined in Scandinavia by the Valdaermen, their prac-
tices and beliefs tied in with a lifestyle that predates
Christendom. Such groups struggle to maintain their
identities in the face of pressure from Christianity in the
form of the Messianic Voices, the shadow Inquisition
and Cainites lurking in the military orders (notably the
Teutonic Knights).

The Waging of War on
Land

Above all, one form of soldier dominates the
warfare in the Dark Medieval: the mounted knight.
Heavily armed and armored, commonly trained in the
arts of war from a young age, these heavy troops can
run roughshod over lesser forces. They comprise,
however, only a small part of the available military
and are only common in Western Europe and
Outremer, together with those areas of Eastern Europe
such as Hungary and Poland that have adopted West-
ern techniques of warfare.

Despite the importance of knights, however, the
infantry of the 13th century plays a significant role in
warfare, particularly in defensive campaigns and sieges.
Light infantry are the mainstay, serving as foragers
and skirmish troops, while heavy infantry (frequently
mercenaries) provide a solid defense. The elite of the
infantry are missile troops.

Strategies of War

The commander of an army has numerous things
to consider when planning a campaign, many forced
upon him by the geography and available resources.
Feudal troops are usually available for only a specific
period of time, around 40 days, after which they are
free to go home. Campaigns have to work within these
time limits, and while some feudal troops might ex-
tend their period of service at the request of the
commander, this is unlikely. Having a campaign run
over the allotted time can make for immense difficul-
ties; the withdrawal of Simon de Montfort's feudal
levies after the seizure of Carcassonne in 1209 made it
difficult for him to pacify his new lands — he was left
with only 30 knights.

Such troops gather at a prearranged muster point,
usually a castle or town, though in doing so they give
enemy spies the opportunity to divine their intentions
— in practical terms, the number of objectives that
can be reached from a specific muster point are lim-
ited. For example, in the clash between the Shadow

7 (Sm a a OR
SOP PY Sm CAE ieee OS


Lords of the Black Moon Sept and their longtime
rivals, the Fenrir of the Sept of Three-Blood Rock, the
Shadow Lords gained a decisive advantage by mar-
shaling their forcesas if to strike atanearby Benedictine
abbey but instead attacked across the River Elbe,
taking the Fenrir by surprise.

The assembling of troops — and thus the times
when campaigns can take place — is limited by the
seasons. Spring and autumn are the main farming
periods and keeping men from the fields would invite
famine and starvation. Likewise, the winter weather
in northern and central Europe is too harsh to allow
campaigning, though the longer nights make this the
favored time of year for Cainites to settle their disputes
in open conflict. Even here, however, the vampires
must be wary of undermining the physical and eco-
nomic well being of any mortal pawns they use in such
encounters. Consequently, summer is the main sea-
son for campaigns and battles, though conflicts do
take place at other times of year if the conditions are
appropriate and the troops available. Alexander
Nevsky's battle against the Teutonic Knights takes
place in the winter of 1242 (though the Cainite Order
of the Black Cross, entwined with the Teutons and
which favors conflict in such conditions, likely influ-
ences the timing).

Objectives and Methods

Medieval conflicts are rarely aimed at the enemy's
fighting force with a view to breaking his power.
Rather, they are most often aimed at denuding an
opponent's resources, be they towns, castles or farm-
lands for mortals. When the supernatural denizens of
the Dark Medieval become involved, goals often
include more rarefied targets such as caerns, crays and
even the mortal inhabitants of an area. Open-field
clashes between massed armies (as opposed to skir-
mishes between small forces or sieges) are
comparatively rare. Instead, each side jockeys for
position, attempting to outwit and outmaneuver the
other, accomplishing — or denying — the objectives
without a fully fledged battle taking place. Here, the
ability to perceive an opponent's actions or inten-
tions, or to befuddle his senses, gives the supernatural
denizens of the Dark Medieval a distinct advantage.
For example, a Batini's Al-Layl or a Spirit-Talker's
Trickster Pillars can allow them to disguise their
actions, likewise the Cainite powers of Obtenebration
and Obfuscate. A Ravnos' Chimerstry can also mis-
lead foes via illusion, while an adherent of the Old
Faith can use the Winter Pillar to demoralize his foes.
Supernatural powers can also counter such efforts —

<BOtw ct ~ ct
; iS 7

+a

a Cainite's Auspex, a Valdaerman's Galdrar or the
Red Order's Sophia Patris path allow them to see
through illusions, while any inquisitor's Conviction
allows him to throw off the effects of fear, be they of
natural or supernatural origin.

Clashes between skirmishers typify such actions,
both forces deploying scouts and irregular forces to
locate and pin their opponents and to unravel the
opponents' plans. Such units' emphasis on irregular
operations makes them ideal bases for supernatural
forces to operate from, as these beings may employ
their powers with less risk of drawing undue attention.
In addition to scouting enemy positions, these screen-
ing forces may support the main force by foraging and
looting. Ravaging enemy lands may draw the
opponent's forces away from the main objective, mak-
ing the attackers' task easier, but the more distant the
objective and more complex the plan, the more troops
need to be assigned to such tasks. A specific example
is enemy fortifications that the main force bypasses en
route to its objectives. Such enemy strong points
cannot simply be ignored lest they dispatch raiders to
harass the invader or cut his supply lines. They and
their garrisons must therefore be neutralized, usually
by dispatching a small force either to pin then in place
with the threat of battle, or else keep them busy with
(threatened or actual) ravaging of the local environ-
ment should the defenders move away.

Only when the objective is an enemy town or
castle, or when defending forces mass, does the main
body of an army come into its own. Even here, though,
conflict is often restricted to skirmishing, both sides
frequently establishing fortified encampments and
using skirmishers and artillery (or less overt means
such as magic) to harass each other; directly engaging
the opponent is a very bloody and risky way of ending
aconflict. More often, the enemy can be persuaded to
turn back by harassing or severing their supply lines
(hence the importance of dealing with rear-area gar-
risons) or, as the Scots have proved adept at, staging
counterinvasions into the opponent's territories to
force them to withdraw or else suffer losses them-
selves. Such threats need not be real— they only need
to be perceived as such. A threatened move by an
army (or, as mentioned above, a subtle manipulation
of the enemy's perceptions) can have the same effect,
persuading the enemy to withdraw. Such concerns
apply principally when the cause (and/ or objective)
of the conflict is resources. In political (and toa lesser
extent religious) conflicts, the enemy's ability to wage
war may be a primary objective and thus his military
(and inevitably key cities and fortifications, as well as


~ \Z =

SS a oh

a
= en ————

ae ~~:

key leaders) will be the principal target. In such
conflicts, large battles may be inevitable.

In some areas, the very concept of massed armies
goes against the local culture and established tradi-
tion. Instead, the light irregular forces are the main
combatants, staging raids and counterraids against
enemy territories, carrying off goods, animal and people.
The Scots and Irish (and toa lesser extent the Welsh,
as well as various groups in Eastern Europe and the
Baltic) typify users of such tactics, resulting in more
frequent conflicts but ata lower intensity and ferocity
than occurs in the more "civilized" areas. The Garou
follow similar principles, disparate packs likely to be
involved in near-constant low-level conflicts — par-
ticularly in times when little outside threat is seen and
challenges for leadership arise — rather than large-
scale warfare. The number of casualties in such conflicts
is usually much lower, as is the likelihood of noncom-
batants being harmed.

Areas with a tradition of raiding often pose a
tricky problem to invaders who use massed armies —
where no single enemy exists to target, the opponent
cannot be brought to a decisive battle and crushed.
Instead, the invading force usually suffers a host of
minor wounds, not serious on their own but cumula-
tively posing a potential threat. For example, efforts
by Cainite or Inquisition forces to eliminate werewolves
in their domains are likely to be stalled by the dispar-
ate nature of the foe, with rarely more than a single
pack committed to a battle (which is more than
enough to challenge much larger opposing force).
Exploitation of the environment (marshes, wood-
land, mountains) to give a strategic advantage is
relatively uncommon in standard military thinking,
though it often plays a major role at the tactical level,
as is discussed in Lay of the Land (p. 28). Small,
irregular forces are also able to exploit factors such as
night to their advantage — armies are largely inca-
pable of operation at night (as coordination is
impossible), but no such restriction applied to small
forces. Indeed, to Garou and Cainites, night is the best
—and in the vampire's case only — time for conflicts
to take place, concealing to some extent their inhu-
man nature.

Battle Lactics

Though the best equipped and trained soldiers in
the armies of Western Christendom, knights rarely
operate alone and are dependent on supporting ele-
ments — light and heavy infantry, missile troops,
artillery — if they are to prevail ina battle. Armies are
thus almost always an amalgam of cavalry and infan-

try, incorporating a wide variety of troop types. The
exact relationship between these forces varies consid-
erably from region to region and from battle to battle.

In France and the Angevin domains, cavalry
often deploys as the core of the army, with infantry
and missile troops placed to protect its. flanks. The
cavalry can maneuver against the enemy, using its
combination of speed and maneuverability to deadly
effect, or can serve as a "lure" for enemy troops,
drawing then into range of the missile troops who can
prove devastating against enemy formations, particu-
larly targeting cavalry to the advantage of their own
mounted troops. Cavalry can also deploy on the flanks
or be held in reserve, used to target the enemy's own
flanks as opportunities arise. In large, well trained and
organized formations, knightly cavalry is a potent
weapon, serving as shock troops against the enemy
army. The favored tactic is to charge enemy infantry,
seeking to kill or demoralize opponents. The ultimate
objective — not always achievable — is to cut though
the enemy unit, inflicting grievous damage, then to
stage a second charge into the rear of the decimated
unit. Where this happens, the targeted infantry are
likely to break and run. Unfortunately, where a unit
resists the charge — and even if it breaks — each
knight's individual efforts to slay the enemy frequently
eliminates the cavalry's formation and maneuver ad-
vantages, shattering the formation and making it
vulnerable to counterattack.

Cavalry can lure the enemy out of position (and
in particular out of prepared defenses) by feigning
retreat — such tactics served the Normans well at
Hastings (although quite by accident). In defensive
engagements, cavalry may remain mounted to pro-
vide a mobile flanking force and to launch tactical
counterattacks, or some or all knights may fight
dismounted. It should be noted that while knights
are the principal mounted troops, elements among
the foot soldiers — notably mercenary troops and
elites such as crossbowmen — use horses for trans-
port but fight on foot. Also, the warhorses ridden by
many knights are trained to act as weapons in their
own rights, biting, kicking and trampling the oppo-
sition. This certainly applies to the ghoul warhorses
tidden by many Cainite knights and who bring
supernatural strength and drive to encounters. As
most animals can detect the true predatory nature
of werewolves, Garou rarely serve as cavalry offic-
ers, though such individuals are not unheard of,
particularly among the Warders of Men.

Foot soldiers fall into three distinct categories:
light infantry, used to harass the enemy; heavy infan-

7 SS roe _
fy =f SS a a QO
te ——— -SPOILSOPWAR - — 7 a ay ace
~ ae fs

try, used to protect fortifications and serve in the main
battle line; and missile troops. Unlike the cavalry,
which is usually comprised of nobles, foot solders are
usually commoners, though frequently these are pro-
fessional soldiers rather than feudal levies. Knights
can and do fight on foot as the situation necessitates,
often providing much needed "backbone" to the lesser
infantry. Often equipped with light missile weapons
and little in the way of armor, light infantry are ill
suited to the battlefield, though their mobility makes
them ideal for harassing the opposition and for staging
ambushes. Garou are the undoubted masters of such
tactics, particularly the martial Silver Fangs, Fenrir
and Shadow Lords. Cainites of the Low Clans often
pos: Disciplines that enhance these tactics, but are
of course hampered by the fact that mortal battles are
seldom fought after dark. In any case, the supernatural
powers of such individuals give them a distinct advan-
tage over mortal opponents and make them easily the
equal of heavy infantry.

Better armed and armored, albeit at the expense
of mobility, the raison d'étre for heavy infantry is
battle, particularly defense. They are ideal troops for
protecting fixed positions or securing flanks against
enemy attack, though they are vulnerable to maneu-
verable opponents and thus need to use terrain — or
rely onallied troops, particularly cavalry — to protect
their own flanks. Such troops can be equipped with
spears, allowing them to defend themselves against
cavalry, and disciplined spearmen can even hold their
ground against a cavalry charge.

Missile troops, though the weakest troops in melee
— most carry only a knife in addition to their bow or
crossbow
the battlefield. Unlike other foot soldiers, they are well
equipped to deal with enemy cavalry, targeting both
knight and mount before they pose a threat to the army.
The Mongols (and to a lesser extent some Eastern
Europeans such as the Hungarians) employ horse-ar-
chers, individuals trained to ride and shoot at the same
time, a tactic at which the steppes warriors are masters
and against which the Western European concepts of
war have little defense, as will be discovered to their cost
at Liegnitz. Cainites have particular reason to fear mis-
sile troops — the risk of "accidental" staking is a major
concern — and often go to extreme lengths to avoid
being targeted by such troops. Artillery is most often
used in sieges but may, on occasion, be used in battles,
particularly the smaller and more easily transported
weaponssuchas perriers (small hand-powered trebuchets)
or the Muslim gawa al-ziyar. Many supernatural powers
function in much the same way as artillery on the

are among the most important elements on

battlefield. Rather than being limited to projectiles,
such attacks can include the elemental forces via Pillars
such as Summer or Vires or Cainite blood magic like
Rego Tempestas.

Supernatural powers can also be of great advan-
tage in coordinating a battle. A Cainite's Presence
can allow him to impose his will on those under his
command (and even the enemy), and likewise Pillars
suchas Al-Fatihah and even various of the inquisitors'
Blessings can be used to coordinate actions in battle.
Mortals without such abilities must rely on signals,
usually flags, or else the sound of drums or horns.

Those Who Fight

Four distinct groups make up an army: nobles,
military orders, mercenary troops and levies. Of these,
the military orders, mercenaries and nobles can be
considered professional troops. In the case of nobles,
training in warfare is part of their education from an early
age, though notall such individuals have the aptitude or
experience to be called professional. The military orders
overlap somewhat with the nobility — most began their
lives as such though they now answer to God and the
Pope rather than temporal authorities — but have
lifestyles more conducive to maintaining the physical
and mental prowess required of warriors. Such groups
incorporate numerous Cainite and Inquisitorial mem-
bers, as well asnosmall number of mages (notably among
the Templars). Garou are rarely found in the military
orders (though some fight alongside the Livonian Sword
Brethren), the rigid nature of the orders at odds with
their temperaments and beliefs. Sometimes, however,
werewolves take the role of noble knights, particularly
the Shadow Lords and Silver Fangs, reflecting their
power and influence as much as any adherence to the
tenets of chivalry.

Mercenary troops, the third strand of professional
soldiery, find disdain from the nobility but are both
well equipped and experienced. These soldiers are a
vital part of medieval armies, stiffening the resolve of
feudal troops and providing valuable experience.
Mercenary cavalry are sought after and highly re-
garded, frequently including noblemen forced to sell
their services. Mercenary infantry, though effective,
are widely despised; they are frequently ruthless and
savage on the battlefield, hardened by a life of vio-
lence in the pursuit of wealth and constant pressure
from the nobility. A werewolf who wishes, for what-
ever reason, to join an army would probably be best
served to pose as a mercenary. The fearsome reputa-
tion of such men might help to explain the feeling of
unease that people feeling around the Garou, and the

i< — ——  (~ WN ON
9 eS atin SE
DSitH =


mercenaries arguably enjoy the most freedom of any
medieval warriors.

Levies are a broad category of troops but princi-
pally comprise the forces raised by a vassal as part of his
feudal responsibilities to his liege. Some are full-time
soldiers in the employ of their lord, notably the
sergeants who train and lead lesser combatants, but
many are peasant troops, trained and equipped as
needed. The advantage of such troops lies with their
numbers — the quantity of fully trained soldiers,
particularly knights, remains roughly constant, ex-
cepting losses in battle, but peasant levies can be
raised (and dismissed) almost as needed. Rural levies
are often tied to a specific region and their members
have to be released to tend their fields when their term
of service expires. Indeed, the levies' increasing insis-
tence on remaining near their home territories helps
drive the use of mercenary troops. Urban militias
likewise bound to a specific geography, though their
charters frequently require towns to provide their
liege with significant military forces, usually drawn
from the militia. Such troops, many of whom have
served in the defense of their towns and are often
called upon for castle guard duty, are surprisingly
accomplished, particularly at defensive operations.
Few of the supernatural forces of the Dark Medieval
willingly take on the role of feudal levies, though in
the clashes of the War of Princes, Cainite officers may
find themselves assigned to command or ove!
forces (a responsibility they often pass on to retainers
and ghouls). Werewolves may likewise watch over
levy units, usually when their Kinfolk are involved.

Lay of the Land

The environment plays a significant role in war-
fare in the Dark Medieval, both on a strategic level,
involving large-scale operations such as the campaign
itself, and ina tactical role, governing actions on the
battlefield or similar small-scale operations. At its
most basic, the landscape channels invading armies
into key areas — hills and mountains determine the
main routes of advance and fords and bridges govern
where rivers are most likely to be crossed. Enemy
forces and fortifications are likely sited to exploit such
channeling effects, allowing the concentration of
forces where they can do most good. The tactic toward
building fortifications in open terrain reflects a broad
desire to use the environment to channel the opposi-
tion, in effect creating artificial obstacles from stone
and mortar which an invader must deal with or risk
endangering himself.

are

see such

The effects of terrain on tactical concerns are
more significant. For example, attacking uphill tires
the assaulting troops and gives the defenders the
benefit of height, and as such placing defensive forces
on a hilltop (or more often a ridge) gives them an
advantage. Likewise, fortifications placed atop a hill
are generally harder to attack than those on a plain,
and those atop a rocky outcrop even more so. For
example, the small castles occupied by the Cathars in
the Pyrenean foothills, such as Montségur and
Quéribus, are made difficult to assail by their location
atop rocky spurs and outcrops.

Even where the physical battle does not involve
hills and the like, control of the high ground can play
a major role in the conflict. The side controlling the
high ground frequently has the advantage when it
comes to observing the surroundings, particularly the
activities and movement of opponents. Without
friendly control of the high ground, the opposition
can easily sneak forces into a position where they can
attack the flanks or rear areas. Control of the high
ground does not necessarily prevent such actions, but
it can eliminate the advantage of surprise, allowing
the defending force to take appropriate countermea-
sures.

"Impassable" ground such as rivers, marshes and
forests plays an important role on the battlefield,
providing an obstacle to enemy movement and an
anchor for one or more flanks of an army. Battles are
often planned with such factors in mind, freeing the
troops placed alongside such terrain to concentrate on
the battle. Some caution has to be exercised, however
— though widely regarded as impassable, determined
units can still pass through such terrain. In 1213,
attacking through the supposedly impassable swamps
near Muret allowed Simon de Montfort to strike the
rear echelons of the Aragonese-Toulousian army,
killing King Pedro II and breaking the power of the
pro-Cathar nobles. Such terrain also serves as an ideal
launching point for ambushes and guerrilla opera-
tions, as the Welsh repeatedly demonstrate to the
invading English. Forcing an opponent to pass through
a chokepoint created by the terrain can likewise
neutralize the advantages of both size and maneuver-
ability. Forces under the command of Aethelwulf,
Mithras' Gangrel warlord, used such tactics in the
conflict that wracked the Court of Avalon around
1215, notably at Oxford. There, the Saxon warlord
forced the enemy to advance ona narrow front as they
crossed the river, negating the rebels' advantage of
cavalry and vastly superior numbers to win a decisive
victory for the Prince of London.

tits === POLS OF WAR . Spee


Where sufficient time is available, combatants can
also modify the terrain to suit their needs. Field fortifica-
tions are relatively commonplace and a series of pits can
be dug to hinder the effectiveness of cavalry, combining
with natural conditions to channel mounted troops into
areas where their effectiveness is reduced or negated.
Such works often take considerable time and manpower
to execute, though once again supernatural powers
(such as Potence and Celerity among Cainites, Pillars
such as Vires, Warrior and Hjaldar among the mages, or
the sheer inborn might of the Garou) can make short
work of these endeavors.

Sieges

Headlong confrontation is both risky and ineffi-
cient, placing the outcome at the mercy of a wide
range of factors, few of which mortal participants have
direct control over. Instead, engagements usually fo-
cus on fortified locales such as towns and cities where
factors remain stable — the environs of a city vary
little and can thus be spied out in advance — and
which represent a concentration of political, eco-
nomic and military power. Of course, dealing with
such fortifications is a difficult and often time-con-
suming process, leading toa distinct branch of warfare:
the siege.

The principal objective of a siege — when the
defenders are holed up inside the defenses with the
attackers outside — is to gain entry to the fortifica-
tionsand toneutralize the defenders. Attackers employ
a variety of methods to do so: guile, brute force,
patience and politics, tonamea few. None are particu-
larly quick, taking anywhere from a handful of days to
several years to execute. During this time, both the
attackers and the defenders must resist the others'
efforts, facing not only the opponents but also numer-
ous ancillary dangers.

The attackers' situation is usually the more tenu-
ous of the two, depending on the precise circumstances.
First, they must seek to contain the defenders —
attempting to starve out a city is of little use if the
opponents can stage foraging missions of their own, or
if they have supernatural sources of food and/or water
(such as the Repha-El or Forlog Pillars). Provided
enough mortals are present, vampires don't need food
as such to survive a siege and can hold out for consid-
erable periods. Such efforts at containment also cut
down counterattacks by the defenders, often launched
through small postern gates against a wide variety of
targets, most commonly the defender's siege engines
or food stockpiles. Without the latter, the attackers'

Bi a a
m~ Sy
ve ae CH

position would quickly become untenable, though
abilities such as the Garou Rite of the Wilderness can
spoil such resources without the need to sally from a
defensive position. Likewise, the ability to enter the
spirit worlds makes containing any werewolf force
(and some mages) almost impossible. Such attackers
are also, of course, difficult to keep out.

Furthermore, the need to remain in one place puts
a great strain on the local environment. The besiegers
must either have large stockpiles of food and resources,
a functioning logistics train or effective foragers. As a
siege progresses, the foragers must travel increasing
distances to secure the necessary resources. Remaining
in one location for a protracted period also gives the
opponents or their allies time to assemble or employ a
substantial field army that can seek to engage or drive off
the attackers, lifting the siege. Having large numbers of
men camped in a small area is also likely to result in
unsanitary conditions and outbreaks of disease that can
devastate even the strongest armies. Various supernatu-
ral powers can be employed tostave off such problems —
the Repha-E] Pillar for Messianic Voices or the Holy Art
ritus Plague Ward — though even these might struggle
where large forces are employed.

Siege Craft

Storming the fortifications is one method of gaining
entry to a city — and in some cases may be the only
practical option — but is extremely costly in terms of
men and material. As such, it is usually held in reserve
until othermethods have been attempted and exhausted.

Negotiation with the occupants is the most obvi-
ous means of circumventing the defenses, a political
solution that minimizes bloodshed and preserves re-
sources. The willingness of a besieged force to partake
of negotiations, let alone to capitulate, varies consid-
erably. Where an opponent's past actions (or current
promises) treat the defenders well, the occupants may
be well inclined toward any offers. More commonly,
however, it is threats of what will befall them if they
don't capitulate that have the greater impact in moti-
vating defenders to surrender. For example, the
massacre at Béziers was instrumental in encouraging
Carcassonne to surrender during the Albigensian
Crusade. Conversely, knowing that Salah al-Din was
free and his army engaged against the Crusaders forti-
fied the morale of the Muslim defenders of Acre when
they came under siege in 1190. Supernatural means —
the Presence Discipline, a Messianic's Mika-E] Pillar
or the Gift: Persuasion — can give a negotiator a
formidable advantage. The process of negations does
not preclude other methods of circumventing the

re a SS
i aan
EL sae NS RR
= te NS -


2+

fortifications and frequently serves as a preamble to
the main siege, during which siege engines and other
preparations are readied.

Subterfuge is the second major method of ending
asiege, falling into two broad categories of action. The
first involves agents inside the fortifications aiding
the attackers, while the second involves infiltrating
troops into the fortifications from outside. The first
option can include bribing or blackmailing one or
more people within the city to open gates or let down
a rope, allowing the attackers to enter. The Cainite
discipline of Domination and similar powers can also
turn an unwitting inhabitant into a tool of the besieg-
ers. The second method — infiltrating troops from
outside unaided — is more difficult, depending on the
identification and exploitation of some weakness in
the fortification. A classic example of this is Chateau
Gaillard in Normandy, besieged by the French King
Philip Augustus in 1203, where modifications to the
castle — notably the addition of a chapel — had
created a fatal weakness in the defenses. A small group
of sappers was able to crawl through a drain and into
the chapel's crypt, from where, amid great confusion,
they were able to rush the main gate and lower the
drawbridge. Supernatural powers such as a Cainite's
Obfuscate or a Spirit-Talker's Trickster Pillar can
allow a stealthy entry into fortifications, though even
this advantage pales into insignificance when com-
pared to a Batini's Al-Hajj or a werewolf' ability to
avoid inconveniences such as walls by traveling
through the Umbra.

The slowest — but in the long run most effective —
method is to outlast the defenders. At its most funda-
mental level, this involves starving out the defenders.
The length of time a fortress can hold out depends on
two factors — the size of the defenders' stockpiles (or
access to new sources of supply such as animals and
carrion or, in extreme cases, cannibalism) and the
number of people they must feed. In mortal conflicts
(and many of those involving supernatural agents), the
ejection of noncombatants from a fortification either
immediately before or during a siege is not uncommon,
extending the length of time its soldiers can resist.
Sometimes such refugees are allowed to pass through
the besiegers' lines and flee the area, but notalways. The
defenders rarely allow such individuals back into their
fortifications and the expelled group has little choice
but to survive in the no-man's-land between the besieg-
ers and the fortifications, slowly starving to death.
Sieges involving Cainites are less likely to follow such
practices; the inhabitants of the fortressare the vampire's
source of nourishment.

Another "endurance" tactic is attempting to con-
trol access to water. Most fortifications, however, take
precautions against this and have wells from which
they can draw water despite being besieged. Fortresses
without their own water sources are unlikely to resist
for long. Disease — either naturally occurring due to
unsanitary conditions or deliberately introduced by
flinging animal carcasses into the city or its water
supply — is one of the most insidious forms of endur-
ance attack and one against which mortal defenders
have little defense. If the defenders have access to
supernatural powers such as the Warder tribe's Gift of
Salt or the Messianic Voice's Repha-El Pillar, they
can combat the threat of disease.

Force is the last resort of any siege, likely to cost
the attackers dearly if the defender has sufficient
numbers and is well trained and equipped. Com-
monly, the forceful approach employs one of three
broad methods: going over, through, or under the
defenses. Going over the walls requires either ladders
or siege engines such as the beffroi (belfry or siege
tower) that incorporate ladders, rams and even cata-
pults. The former are the simplest option but are also
the easiest to defeat, either pushed away by the de-
fenders or targeted by missile attacks. To be effective,
a ladder assault needs either surprise or overwhelming
numbers (ideally both). Covered with wooden planks
and damp hides, siege towers provide the attackers
with more protection during their attack but require
level ground to approach the walls, necessitating the
infilling of ditches or moats. Despite their coverings,
beffroi are extremely vulnerable to incendiary weap-
ons, particularly the Greek fire used by the Byzantines
and the Muslim forces. The least common option,
requiring a lot of time and vast numbers of men, is to
build a ramp up the walls. With the workers under
constant attack from the fortifications, this is a very
costly method and rarely used on its own. Instead, a
ramp might be constructed to aid the employment of
another tool — a beffroi or a battering ram, for ex-
ample — rather than as a means of ingress in its own
right. Physical barriers are less of a problem to many
supernatural forces; whether by incredible strength or
le
bypassing walls.

Going under the walls is the most effective but
labor-intensive method of ending a
tunneling under the walls of the fortification and
either collapsing them to allow troops to enter or else
providing a means of circumventing the defenses
entirely. Though simple in principal, such methods —
collectively known as sapping — require considerable

overt means, most such beings have method of

siege. It involves

EE ty = Bia aaa
Fa Olay oe Ia a
gin eo: -SPOILSOF WAR Wal my ats

knowledge and skill. The sappers need to understand
the terrain and the methods of tunneling through it,
as well as the structural weaknesses of the fortification
they are seeking to undermine. Mages with mastery
over the elements — such as a Hermetic familiar with
the Pillar of Vires — have great advantages in such
work. Cainites who know the Thaumaturgy path of
Rego Elementum also have an advantage as sappers,
able to summon elementals to do their bidding. Ide-
ally, the sappers dig a tunnel to the fortification (or
may, with suitable protection, simply dig at the base of
the wall). Once underneath the target, they expand
their workings, shoring them up with timbers as they
go. When sufficient of the defenses are undermined,
the sappers set the supports alight (usually after coat-
ing them with fat to help them burn), hoping to cause
the workings and the fortification to collapse.

Defenders can use a number of countermeasures
agains
walls became wider at the base to make them harder
toundermine, castles were built on solid rock or where
tunnels would flood such as flood plains — but detect-
ing and then dealing with sappers is an important task.
The simplest method is to place containers of water on
the walls and then to observe them for signs of activity
under the walls which cause them to shake and cause
ripples in the water. Of course, magic and supernatural
powers such as Auspex can vastly simplify this tedious
but necessary task. Once a mining attempt is detected,
the defenders can dig a countermine, seeking to attack
the sappers and destroy their workings before they
complete their task. Numerous methods can be used
to engage the sappers — troops can be sent into the
tunnels to fight the sappers; the tunnels can be flooded
orfilled with smoke and noxious vapors. Countermines
are not, however, without their risk. Dug in haste,
collapse, an ever-present threat, can kill the defend-
ers' own sappers while doing little to slow those of the
attacker. Another possibility is that the troops in the
countermining assault can lose the underground battle,
particularly if mortals are pitted against supernatural
opponents, in the process giving the attackers a means
of entry to the fortifications. Because of this risk,
countermines are usually closely guarded until the
enemy workings are dealt with.

appers. Some are design considerations —

Bombardment is the fourth and final method of
siege warfare, involving projectile attacks against
the castle or town. Most attacks target the fortifi-
cations, lobbing darts and stones of various sizes
(up to 500 Ibs. in the largest trebuchets) against the
walls and towers, while many siege engines can
throw incendiary ammunition against vulnerable


structures. Greek fire is a favored weapon in this,
difficult to extinguish and causing great fear (as
wellas damage) among the population, particularly
the Cainites for whom other weapons are of only
limited concern. Bombardment can also be used for
less obvious attacks. Psychological warfare against
the inhabitants of a castle or town might involve
throwing the captured soldiers — living or dead —
into the fortifications, or doing the same with the
heads of slain prisoners. The besiegers might throw
human or animal bodies into the target, seeking to
spread disease.

Most sieges don't employ only one of the above
methods but rather use a combination. Negotia-
tions then psychological warfare may be used at
first, followed by bombardment of the walls while
sappers dig underneath, all the while the defenders
are denuding their food supply. As a result of the
sapping (or bombardment), the attackers may storm
the city, but if not (or if the storming attempt fails)
they may return to negotiation.

Siege Engines

Siege engines are rarely transported whole but
rather are moved disassembled or else built with key
components and local material. In Western Europe,
where trees are plentiful, little problem exists with
this, but in Outremer suitable materials are harder to
obtain locally and must usually be brought with the
attackers to a siege. The main disadvantage of siege
engines is the lack of maneuverability, making them
vulnerable to sallies by the defenders or else to attack
by the defenders' own siege weapons. As a result,
placing such weapons so that they can be used effec-
tively while minimizing their exposure to the enemy
is a major challenge for an army commander. Four
broad categories of siege engine exist: pendulum,
tension, torsion and counterweight.

Pendulum siege engines include those that are
swung at the target. Most notable is the battering
ram, often little more than a log capped with metal,
though sometimes fitted with an ornately carved
"beak" to allow it to dig into walls. The number of
men required to operate a ram varies depending on
its size, ranging from a dozen to a hundred. Such
individuals are dangerously exposed to the defend-
ers' countermeasures (see p. 33) and usually shelter
under a wheeled wooden framework known as a
sow. Another pendulum device is the mouse, de-
signed for hacking at a wall rather than battering it.
The least common device is the crow, used against
small or ill-built fortifications to hook onto the

battlements and to pull them (and sometimes the
wall) down.

Tension siege engines rely on the bow princi-
pal to propel their projectiles. The best-known
example is the ballista, which in effect is a very large
catapult. Some catapults also use the bow principal
to propel a throwing arm, though most such devices
use the torsion method. As with bows, tension
weapons are less effective in inclement weather, as
the rain allows the bowstring to stretch.

Torsion devices rely on twisted cords of hemp,
hair or leather for their power. The throwing arm of
the weapon is thrust through such cords and then
pulled back (usually via a winch) and locked in
place. Releasing the lock causes the twisted fibers
to return to their former position, throwing the arm
and any loaded projectile — forward. The most
notable of these devices is the mangonel, more
commonly called a catapult. Such devices are ef-
fective against fortifications but require trained
engineers to build and operate them. As with ten-
sion devices, torsion engines are adversely affected
by inclement weather that allows the cords to
stretch and lose effectiveness. The espringal is much
smaller than the mangonel but uses the torsion
principal to propel a large spear (or a flask of Greek
fire) with great force and accuracy.

Counterweight weapons are the only siege en-
gines developed in the Middle Ages — the others
are of Roman origin — and use the principle of
levers to hurl projectiles at their targets. The prime
example is the trebuchet. Some counterweight en-
gines use a combination of weights and muscle
power to throw the projectile, while others rely on
weights alone. Due to the vagaries of timing and
endurance, muscle-powered weapons (which in-
clude the small perrier) are less accurate than those
that use weights and thus tend to be less wide-
spread. Weight-only trebuchets can be fine-tuned
with the addition of small weights, allowing them
to throw projectiles with consistent accuracy (as-
suming projectile mass and shape, as well as wind
strength and speed, are roughly constant also),
making them the ideal weapon for targeting spe-
cific parts of a fortification. Furthermore, the
projectiles thrown by such weapons are larger than
those propelled by other weapons, up to 500 Ib. in
some cases.

None of the above devices, regardless of con-
struction or propulsion method, can be used to attack
a moving target without supernatural enhancement.

ae met ~— Seer
: tse SS v- y fie i 2 = = = 2°
SNS POULSOFWAR Ze SW

SUNPOWDER

rly 13th century, the principles of

‘ or-are just rned in the

Dark Medieval (in Europe at least). The first can-
— is used in combat in

y. The power of magic, how-

ages to fashion such weapons,

and a remnbed of e used during the
destruction of the Mistridge nant in 1210 and
may well be used in future conflicts.

ANNoN We
Soy

Unfortunately for the attackers, those within
the fortification have a number of weapons at their
disposal intended to limit the effectiveness of siege
engines or to hamper efforts to scale the walls.
Boiling oil, heated sand and quicklime are poured
onto those attempting to scale the walls or to batter
down the walls or gates, while grapples might be

used to seize hold of a battering ram or mouse. Pads
of straw or wood can be lowered in front of a ram so
as to soften its blow, while prior to the siege pits can
be dug to hinder the use of beffroi.

Sortifications

Though fortifications have long played a role in
warfare, the Crusades have led to a renaissance in the
methods and techniques used to build defenses. The

main elements of a fortification are listed in the
Introduction.

Ervample: Chateau Gaillard

Outer Ward

The wedge-shaped Outer Ward sits southeast of
the main body of the castle, guarding the approaches.
It has three principal walls: the northeast (two Me-
dium Wall sections), northwest (two Medium Wall
sections) and south (two Medium Wall sections).

SIEGE WEAPONS

Siege Weapon Damage Rate Range Difficulty
Battering Ram 10L . N/A N/A > - 0
Mouse (small*ram) gt 55 N/A N/A 0 5
Crow 8L N/A 7" NA 0.
Mangonel (Catapult) 14L 6. es 300 +2
Ballista 12L 1/6 300 +2
Espringal 10L 5 300 1

. Counterweight Trebuchet 15L 1/7 ¢ 400 +] ia
Pulled Trebuchet 13L - 1/6 250 +3

- Perrier 8L 1/4 100 +1 2

| Pot-de-fer LOL 1/5 500 +2 .

Qawa al-ziyar 12L 1/5 400 +1
Greek Fire Spigot 10A: 1/2 30 a 7
Other Weapons = : : s
Weapon Damage Rate Range Difficulty
Boiling Oil 8A* 1/10 N/A: +1
Quicklime * -AL* 1/10 N/A +3
Heated Sand 6A* 1/10 -_ N/A +1
Greek Fire 10A By. weapon N/A 0°.

*Armor may not soak this damage

=

Quicklime-"attacks" any characters, friend or foe, between the point of release.and 10 feet
downwind. If any wounds oceur as a result of a quicklime attack, the victim is ‘blinded. .

f Heated sand "attacks" any. characters, friend or foe, between the point of release and 10 feet

downwind.

Greek fire burns forfive rounds, inflicting damage in each round. Pots of Greek fire may be hand-

* thrown or propelled by siege engines.

ITE a SS
o wee Ke, = TER —= = Py
\ > Souci LS — a


FORTIFICATIONS

Structure « * Soak Health Levels Feat of. Strength pater'
Light Wall (50')* is 14 14 s
Medium Wall (50') Stl 1O* 2Oraet 15 ;
Heavy Wall (50') 12* 30 N/AY
Small Tower < Ae BEA rs 12 14 ‘: ee,
Medium Tower = «_ 10* 24 15
Large Tower ~ ¢ 12* 36 * #NIA
Filled tower (mod to above) +2 +25% N/A
Wooden Palisade (50')** 5 "9 9
~ Small Wooden Tower** ven AOD 16%
Large Wooden Tower** 9* 20 11
Small Keep" i : LORS a 30 13
Large Keep 15* 0s 14
‘Ditch'(50') N/A‘ N/A N/A
Moat (50') ‘ N/A + * NIA N/A
Smalf gatehouse Rens igs 15 14
Medium gatéhouse~™ 10* 25 15 :
Large gatehouse 12" 35 N/A : .
Small gate ed 8 POY)
Large gate 7 10 8 <
Portcullis ‘ 6 o14a* 12 (11 to lift)
Small wooden building** 4. Bidens a is 7
Large wooden building** / 6 : 9 8 o
Fired brick building** - ®- 5 bo) 9
Small stone building + 5 7 #13,
Medium stone building 10. 14 a4
Large stone building * 15 21 15
Small church . 8 of 15 13
Large church er 1 2 30 14
© Soak: Each succéss ona oak roll counts as twosuccesses against siege engines, and four successes

vs. other weapons.

Health Levels: The number of damage successes a structure cant absorb before giving way.'For
buildings, each wall is considered to have the listed number of health levels, although the Storyteller
can rule thata building collapses after suffering'too much damage. Breaking through these structures «
is an-extended action, with each goll indicating anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour of work (this
requires tools). Alternatively, each roll can represent. one attack by an appropriate siege engine.

Ditches and moats do not have health levels but can block the passage.of siege engines and

troops unless filled in. a
Feat of Strength: The Strength requiredon a Feat of — roll to break through the listed
structure. ‘

*Footsoldiérs shooting from such astructure may add thibeoak value to their own when targeted
by missile fire. > :
**Vulnerable to fire. Half soak vs. incendiary weapons,

opal
~
See Seay epee — —— a"
er' fers oe
a i, Sah Ln oN
ZA POILS'OP WAR + ey' ay =a =>
<a


Situated at each corner of the wedge are towers
(Medium on the north and west corners, anda Large
Tower in the south corner). A Large Gatehouse sits
in the center of the northwest wall.

Middle Ward (NW of Outer Ward)

The Middle Ward forms the main body of Cha-
teau Gaillard, located on a spur above the Seine. It
has five main walls: southeast (two Medium Wall
sections), northeast (two Medium Wall sections),
north (two Medium Wall sections), southwest (two
Medium Wall sections) and south (two Medium
Wall sections). Towers (all Medium) stand at the
corners of the southeast and northeast, northeast
and north, southwest and south, and south and
southeast walls. A Large Gatehouse sits in the center
of the southeast wall, linking the Middle Ward to the
Outer Ward, while a chapel (Small Church) sits in
the southern corner of the Middle Ward.

Inner Ward (Inside Middle Ward)

The Inner Ward is the defensive heart of Cha-
teau Gaillard, situated atop a rough motte. It has
three main walls—south (Heavy Wall), east (Heavy
Wall) and north (Heavy Wall). A gateway (Me-
dium Gatehouse) sits in the center of the north
wall, while a keep (Small Keep) is built into
the south wall.

The Economics of War

Waging war is a costly proposition, usu-
ally carried out only by the wealthy or when
considerable riches are up for grabs. In-
deed, even the richest lords can be
made paupers by an ill-conceived or fy, ,
disastrous campaign, and in the worst

cases whole countries can be stretched
to their financial limits in order to
pay for the wars or their after-

}
Q|
maths. Y" Ss

The Spoils of
War

Plunder Og
and its at- °

tainmentare
major driving
forces behind
warfare. Warriors
travel vast dis-
tances — even
crossing seas — in

search of wealth and


prosperity. The best-known examples are the Vikings,
whose raids terrorized Europe, reaching even into the
Mediterranean. Though the threat of the Norsemen has
declined, plunder remains an important part of an army's
recompense, helping to defray the costs of the endeavor.
Soldiers frequently receive financial or material remu-
neration for their roles in a campaign, the amount in
proportion to their contributions and standing. The
contracts of mercenary troops may even stipulate the
amount and value of booty they may claim as part of the
payment for their services.

This material comes from two sources: the general
population and the battlefield. The former often forms
part of the foraging and pillaging that accompanies an
army on the move while the latter includes arms,
armor and animals seized from those fallen or captured
on the battlefield. The monarch and the nobles lead-
ing the campaign take the lion's share of any plunder
with the remainder then split between the lower-
ranked officers and last of all the soldiers. The exact
proportions vary, but the most senior nobles usually
share around half the loot between themselves, with
increasingly smaller proportions for the lower ranks.
Physical equipment, though divided according to
agreed guidelines (and the finest pieces granted to the
high-ranking officers), generally goes to lower-ranked
knights and soldiers, while more senior officers rely on
the ransoms paid to them in exchange for freeing
high-ranking nobles who fall into their possession
(see Ransom in Chapter Three).

Logistics

A mancan carry several days' worth of food on his
back — perhaps enough for a week or a fortnight —
but for longer campaigns, his needs must be met from
other sources. Some nobles do organize the logistics of
their armies, but doing so is difficult and time consum-
ing, not to mention expensive. Richard the
Lionhearted's provisions for seaborne resupply of his
troops as they marched down the coast of the Levant
were a notable exception to the prevailing attitude.
Most armies live off the land, foraging for the food and
resources they need. As such, some times of year are
more conducive to campaigning than others, though
most often the "foraging parties" simply raid the
supplies of the villages and towns they pass. As a
result, the passage of an army causes considerable
hardship to the lands through which they pass, devas-
tating the land for miles around.

Soldiers raid villages and unwalled towns for
supplies. In doing so, they destroy the defenders'

landed wealth. Soldiers also burn villages, uproot
orchards and vineyards, and destroy mill dams out of
spite or revenge, or to force a reluctant foe into battle
to protect his lands.

Sometimes a defender will try to channel or block
an attacker by destroying his own villages first in a
"scorched earth" tactic. This is a desperate, sometimes
successful, move. Firing a town in advance of the
attacker also destroys any booty, the promise of which
is vital to maintaining the army.

A defender may also attack the foraging parties
piecemeal. An army that's forced to stay in one
place during a siege will have to send its raiding
parties ever further from the main force as it con-
sumes supplies. As the forces are dispersed, they are
more vulnerable to attack.

Cainites, mages, werewolves and even some in-
quisitors often have abilities to project their senses at
great ranges. These abilities are invaluable for scouting
and even more valuable in directing foraging parties
away from danger and to the best supplies. Conversely,
such characters are ideally situated to ambush foraging
parties when they are most vulnerable.

Foraging slows the speed at which an army can
move, the foraging parties (where they are organized)
having to travel far and wide in search of resources and
then transport them back to the army. At best, an
army moves 10-15 miles per day. Defenders can ex-
ploit this situation to their advantage, using the
attackers' logistical needs against them. Resources
and people may be gathered into fortified sites (castles,
towns etc.) and thus protected against the depreda-
tions of the foragers, while such sites also provide
secure bases from which raiders can attack foraging
parties. A defender can ravage his own lands so that
the defender can draw little or no sustenance from
them, a tactic used by Salah al-Din to stall the Chris-
tian advance on Jerusalem during the Third Crusade.
In extreme
and other sources of fresh water.

Foraging troops rarely distinguish between friendly
andenemy territory, ravaging both in their quest for food
and plunder. This saves the armies money but causes
considerable resentment among the population and
their lords. Even "friendly" territory may rebel if too
badly treated, and thus competent and experienced
generals seek to minimize their impact on friendly lands
(and even foreign territories). This usually takes the
form of quotas of supplies — either paid for or requisi-
tioned — in exchange for keeping the troops in line.
Unfortunately, ensuring the behavior of the troops (who

es, a defender may even poison wells

7 ip a ae
$= a ee ey -SPOILS-OFWAR - P 3 O3
Lac Ws
SS BA a = — ) 4

still desire plunder, irrespective of their lords' wishes)
usually requires a substantial increase in wages as well as
punishments such as flogging and branding, and ulti-
mately execution by hanging; many soldiers regard
plunder and their domination of the peasantry as one of
the perks of their position.

For more on logistics, see Chapter Three.

The Waging of
War at Gea

Naval warfare plays an important role in
military actions. Many campaigns are possible only
because of naval vessels (e.g., as transports) or are
made much easier by the involvement of ships (e.g.,
providing logistics or "artillery" support). Vessels can
also operate entirely on their own, most notably the
mix of mortal and supernatural raiders who ply the

ers of the Mediterrane:

yan
Types of Ships

In the enclosed waters of the Mediterranean, the
principal form of vessel developed since the Roman
era is the galley. The Byzantines are the prime propo-
nents of galleys in naval warfare, fielding a wide range
of designs. These use oars as their primary motive
power, usually in banks of two or three oars but
sometimes as many as four. Such vessels also have sails
to allow them to move long distances quickly and
without exhausting the crew, but they usually fight
and maneuver "under oars." The use of oars allows
such vessels to make radical maneuvers — they can
spin on the spot if needed — and unlike a sailing ship,
they can move backward. Not dependent on outside
forces, they are also free to act irrespective of wind
direction and strength. The most common forms of
galley are known as dromons, up to 150 feet long and
with up to 100 oars in two or three banks. Smaller
galleys are called sagitta and usually serve as scouts,
while massive shallow-draft transports known astarida

allow troops to be deployed on the shore without a

dock. Galleys used by the Muslim navies go by the
name qadirga (dromon equivalents) or harraga (sagitta
equivalents). Such vessels are usually armed with
heavy crossbows such as the espringal, though larger
mples may be equipped with mangonels and pots
of Greek fire, and the troops on board can also use
bows to attack. Many navies of the Dark Medieval
employ professional crossbowmen for suc
some, notably the Aragonese, require the oarsmen to
double as missile troops.


Galleys are ill suited to operations in the open
ocean and instead sailing vessels predominate in such
regions. The most common form is the "round ship"
(named so because they are usually as tall as they are
wide) that varies considerably in size and form.. The
principal round-ship design is the cog, which appears
in a range of sizes. Cogs mainly serve as merchant
vessels but are easily converted into fighting ships.
They employ a rudder at the back of the ship rather
than the large oar style common in older designs like
the longship, which remains in service in various forms
in northern Europe. Compared to galleys, round ships
are ungainly but resilient.

Both types of make use of
pseudofortifications at the fore and/ or aft ends of
their decks. These "fighting castles" give missile
troops a degree of protection from enemy fire and
are often permanent features of the vessels. Some
ships — mainly galleys — feature a bow-mounted
calcar, more commonly known as a beak. Though
developed from the rams popular in Roman times,
these are not intended as a weapon but rather as a
means of boarding an enemy vessel — the beak
hooks over the enemy's bulwarks and allows board-
ers to cross to the "captured" vessel.

Naval Tactics

As a general rule, the Mediterranean kingdoms
have longer and greater experience at naval warfare
matters as a result of their Roman heritage, and the
acknowledged masters, apart from the Vikings, were
the Byzantines, though various Italian states (notably
the Venetians, Genoese and Neapolitans
accomplished sailors. Perhaps surprisingly given their
hegemony over much of the Mediterranean coastline,
Islamic forces are inexperienced at such forms of
warfare, at least in fleet actions, though Salah al-Din
made an effort to rectify this, assembling a fleet to
challenge the Crusaders and to liberate those ports in
Christian hands. This is, of course, an oversimplifica-
tion; some Muslim groups, notably those recently
conquered on Majorca, are expert seamen, making a
profitable existence from piracy. Nonetheless, in the
eastern Mediterranean, the advantage lies solidly with
the Christian forces.

In the Atlantic and North Sea, one might find
considerable experience of seamanship but relatively
little in actual naval combat. Instead, ships play a
major role in logistics and supporting land campaigns
and the naval battles that do take place are usually
aimed at disrupting such operations. The Battle of
Sandwich in August of 1217 was an example of such

vessel

are also

an operation, Hubert de Burgh drove off the French
fleet that sought to resupply the French invasion
force, contributing to the subsequent decision by
Prince Louis to withdraw.

In both areas, supernatural beings can also be
found commanding or crewing vessels. Lasombra pi-
rates are the scourges of the nighttime seas in the
western Mediterranean, working with ghoul crews
who oversee daytime matters. Though these Cainites
are renowned as pirates, their aversion to sunlight
hampers their effectiveness. Mages, however, suffer
no such problem, and the Repha-El, Vires or Fara
Pillars make fearsome sailors. The Garou, too, are no
strangers to the sea; the Bone Gnawers and the Fenrir
have been plying the waves for time out of mind.

Slect Tactics

Large fleet actions are rare, even in the Mediter-
ranean, and most naval combat occurs between a
small number of vessels, usually as a result of a surprise
attack — the "ambushing" fleet hidden behind an
island or headland or via magic — or after a long
chase. In naval actions, vessels attempt to keep to-
gether, providing mutual aid with their hand missile
weapons and siege engines. When galley and round-
ship forces operate together, the former exploit their
maneuverability and speed to protect their ungainly
comrades.

Where the objective is simply to sink the opposi-
tion, incendiary weapons are extremely effective, be
they burning arrows, Greek fire or flames called by
magic, the rigging and sails being particularly vulner-
able to such attacks. Some vessels may be deliberately
set alight and sailed into the enemy fleet with the
intent of causing fires on the target vessels. Sum-
moned elementals of fire and water can be likewise
used to cripple or sink enemy vessels.

Attempts to Capture an opposing vessel require
the attacker to ram the target (using a beak or a ram)
or else pull alongside and grapple it. Troops may then
swing, climb or jump onto the opposing vessel and
seek to take control. In such battles, the advantage
usually lies with the vessel with the larger crew, but
the presence of trained soldiers — or supernatural
crew — can negate or even overcome the advantage
of numbers. Enclosed structures such as cabins or
"castles" serve as defensive hard-points in such en-
gagements, allowing the defenders to hold out against
larger numbers while hoping for assistance from their
allies. Both sides in a boarding action can use irregular
weapons in their effort — quicklime (see p. 33) is a
favored tool, blown on the wind and intended to blind

ae SS rey y= 3
Py fate: bod, LN
Sie: S='= = SPOLSOF WAR (AE = SS

NL Na fn =f A

the enemy. Supernatural methods for overwhelming
the opposing crew's psyche — a Cainite's Presence, a
Hermetic's Corona Pillar or the overwhelming effect
of the Delirium — are also extremely effective in
boarding actions.

Raiding

Raiding and piracy are commonplace in the Dark
Medieval, lone vessels or small groups prowling the
seas seeking plunder or to distract the enemy. The
Balearic Islands and the Aegean are notorious havens
of pirates, who prey on passing shipping and raid
coastal settlements. In many cases, this piracy serves
as a cover for the actions of local lords against their
neighbors — notably the "pirates" of the Balearics
after their capture by Aragon.

The Crusaders have also used naval raids to keep
their opponents off balance. Reynauld de Chatillon
staged one such mission along the coasts of the Red
Sea in the early 1180s, targeting Muslim sites and
attempting to draw off forces that would otherwise be
directed at the Crusader kingdoms. While the Ashirra
and Christian Cainites ply the waters of the Mediter-
ranean, their endeavors in the Red Sea are hampered
by the Keening that emanates from Mecca, situated
close to the Eastern shore of the Red Sea. This limits
Cainite sailors to the northern and southern extremi-
ties, making mages and the occasional werewolf the
principal supernatural forces in the Red Sea.

Combined Arms

The most common use of naval power in the Dark
Medieval is as an adjunct for forces on land, either
actively or passively. Passive support includes trans-
portation of personnel, equipment and supplies and is
the most common form. It is particularly important in
the Crusades; with the land crossing of Asia Minor
difficult and dangerous, control of the Levant ports is
vital to the Crusader states, as they are the points
through which reinforcements and supplies flow.
Transport vessels are vital in supporting besieged
coastal forces, shipping in food, supplies and fresh
troops, and allowing the injured (as well as noncom-
batants) to withdraw in relative safety. Only where
the opposition can mustera large blockading force can
coastal cities and fortifications be truly besieged.

More actively, naval vessels can be used to land
troops on the beach, either in a peaceful manneras the
Normans did at Pevensey in 1066, having time to
marshal their forces, or directly into combat as at
Constantinople in 1204. Both infantry and horsemen
can be transported in sucha manner while others carry

the components of siege engines and supplies. Siege
engines can also be directly incorporated into the
structures of the ships. At Constantinople, several
Venetian ships had integral siege towers that were
used to assault the fortifications. On other occasions,
vessels incorporated "flying bridges" into their deck
castles, allowing troops to launch themselves directly
onto the walls and towers of the enemy city. Even
when not used by troops to attack fortifications, such
towers — and the "fighting tops" built into many
vessels — gave attacking missile troops a substantial
height advantage against their foes. Some vessels
carry compact siege engines like mangonels and even
small trebuchets. These fighting tops also provide
mages and Cainite blood magicians with a vantage
point for their enchantments.

Countering the advantages of a ship is usually
possible only with another vessel, though some tactics
have been developed to secure harbors against preda-
tion by raiders and invasion forces. Acre and Damietta
suspend chains across the mouths of their harbors to
prevent enemy forces from simply sailing into them
and then storming the city from the docks. During the
Fifth Crusade, the Egyptians used a similar technique
to prevent Christian ships from sailing down the Nile,
sinking blocked ships in key channels to impede
enemy passage.

Systems

While many of the activities of war can be repli-
cated using the standard Storyteller systems, some
require additional rules and systems. Below are guide-
lines to model battles, sieges and naval engagements
in the Storyteller system, though if the numbers and
systems get in the way of roleplaying, the Storyteller
is free to adapt or even ignore them in the interests of
keeping the game flowing.

New Skill: Seamanship

Seamanship covers ship-handling and sea lore. It
incorporates the ability to navigate a vessel, opera-
tional skills such as rope handling, load balancing and
maintenance, and the ability to maneuver a ship in
battle.
.

Dabbler: Youknow which end ofa boatisthe front.
Student: You can furl a sail and steer the boat
without endangering yourself or your comrades.

e Learned: You are a competent seaman and
know many of the routes and dangers.

°

Scholar: You know exactly how far you can
push a boat and its crew to peak performance.

vw Cea a — = om tao
<i e oS = =e oS ze OTER( ‘\ ceriammen nS a2 eh dds
Sim SOT RRS ‘
>. <e Me See NN


SHips OF THE DARK MEDIEVAL

Name Role. __. Power (Speed)

Longship Cargo Vessel Oars (4)/Sail (4) +2.
Cog (small) ~ Cargo VesselSail (3) SSE
| Cog (lange) Cargo Vessel Sail (3) 0
Galley (Dromon) Warship- Oars (3)/Sail (3). +1
Galley (Sagitea) Small warship Oars (4)/Sail (5) ~ +2
, Galley (Tarida) "Cargo Vessel Cas GS) +1
Qayiq Cargo Vessel Sail (3) +2

Soak "Health: Notes

Leyels*

-~.65._ None 4 6 ~ Shallow draft

30-1 xEspringal 8 10 Fore and Aft Castles

70 1xMangonel 10 14 Fore and Aft Castles ~
+ 180 - 1Mangonel, 9 10 Carries 50 soldiers
pie 2 x Espringal d

~ 80 2x Espringal . 7 6 Carries 20 soldiers
120. None. 8 8 Carries 300 soldiers or >
30. 2 xEspringal 7 8 Carries 30 soldiers

*Each level of damage sustained by the vessel reduces its ecmiageuversbilicgs rating and See by 1. When no health levels F

remain, the vessel sinks.

¢e Master: You know every rock and current
from the Shetlands to the Red Sea and can survive
even the greatest storms.

Possessed by: Merchants, Shipwrights, Fisher-
men, Pirates

Specialties: Sailing, Rowing, Open Ocean, In-
land Waterways, Navigation, Portage

Battle

Battles involve a mix of individual skills, usually
on the part of army or detachment leaders, and ab-
straction. The number of fighters involved is too great
to allow the actions of each to be factored in.

* Foraging [Perception + Survival]: Foraging is
vital to an army, providing most of the food and goods it
needs to remain functional. Without sufficient supplies,
hunger and dissent quickly reduce an army's effective-
ness, turning it into little more than a mob. A well
prepared army organizes dedicated teams of foragers
rather than requiring each member to search for his own
sustenance, which would shatter the army's cohesion.
Such teams usually number dozens of men and wagons,
some searching for food and supplies and others provid-
ing security against those seeking to prevent the foraging.
Twice per day, the player controlling the leader of each
foraging team should make a Perception + Survival roll,
multiplying the number of successes by the number of
foragers to determine the number of man-days of supplies
acquired. The difficulty of the foraging effort depends on
the prevailing conditions. In rich farmland during the
harvest season, it may be as low as 4, or as high as 9 ina
desert where the wells have been tainted to prevent their
use and any caches of food removed. In average condi-
tions —farm- or woodland in summer — the difficulty is

6. Numerous supernatural powers can aid foraging — an
inquisitor's Water-to-W ine Benediction or an Old Faith
mage's Summer Pillar— though the exact impact on the
difficulty of foraging is at the Storyteller's discretion.

© Maintaining Order [Charisma + Leader-
ship/Manipulation + Intimidation]: Keeping order
in an army on the move and limiting plundering is
a difficult but necessary task. Failure to do so both
denudes the army's strength and poses grave politi-
cal difficulties for the army commander. The player
whose character leads the army (or the Storyteller)
must roll Charisma + Leadership (if the leader
seeks to use persuasion) or Manipulation + Intimi-
dation (if he uses punishments and "object lessons")
once per week. The difficulty of this endeavor
remains constant at 6, though the number of suc-
cesses required to keep order varies depending on
the circumstance. Where the troops are well paid
and supplied, only one success is needed per week,
while in "normal" conditions where pay and re-
sources are mediocre, two are required. Where pay
and supply are poor or nonexistent, the leader
requires four successes to maintain control. Add
any deficit to the difficulty of all the army's actions
for the next week. For example, if four successes are
needed but the player rolls only two, the army's
actions are all at +2 difficulty for the next week.

© Scouting [Perception + Stealth]: Up-to-date
knowledge of the lay of the land and the enemy's
dispositions are almost as important as the quality and
quantity of troops in the army. As such, spies and
scouts accompany the force, ranging considerable
distances from the main body of the army to gather
information on the prevailing conditions. This infor-
mation gathering requires a Perception + Stealth roll

(difficulty 7), each success granting the commander
an additional die to any rolls involving his strategy.

¢ Strategy [Intelligence + Strategy]: The overall
shape and aims of a campaign, as well as the details of
itsexecution, can have widespread implications on its
success. No matter how brilliant a plan, if it is ex-
ecuted poorly or does not adapt to the prevailing
conditions the result can be disastrous. Conversely,
even a brilliant general struggles to prevail if forced to
follow a poorly conceived strategy. To reflect this,
make extended and opposed Intelligence + Strategy
rolls using the abilities of the opposing generals at the
start of each week of campaigning. The net difference
in successes reflects the relative dispositions of the two
forces and has an impact in the battle resolution
systems (see p. 45).

Siege

The most common form of conflict in the Dark
Medieval, sieges are also the most complex and difficult
forms of warfare to organize —the besieger must not only
seek to eliminate the defender but must also secure his
own position against a host of insidious threats.

¢ Averting Disease [Wits + Medicine]: Once an
army is camped, disease is the most dangerous killer
among the troops, reflecting the usually unsanitary
conditions in which they reside. With appropriate
care, the threat of disease can be mitigated, though
rarely eliminated. Once per week, roll the Wits +
Medicine of the commander or his designated medical
overseer against a difficulty equal to the number of
troops in the army divided by 1,000 (round fractions
up, minimum difficulty of 4, maximum of 10). Pro-
vided the roll nets at least one success, no outbreak of
disease occurs. In the event of a failure, the army
suffers a +1 difficulty on all rolls made during the next
week (including any rolls to avoid or contain out-
breaks). If the roll fails a second time, the penalty
increases to +2, a third time +3, and so forth. Whena
disease outbreak is already in progress, a successful roll
may contain or neutralize a disease outbreak. If the
number of successes is equal to or greater than the
current penalty, reduce the penalty by one

For example, an army of 12,000 troops besiege acity.
The difficulty of the roll is 10 (12,000 divided by 1 ,000 is
12, but the maximum difficulty is 10). The commander' s
player rolls Wits + Medicine (five dice) but achieves no
successes. The army suffers a minor outbreak inflicting a
+1 difficulty to all the army's actions. In the second week,
the roll nets a single success; as the current disease penalty
is only +1, this is sufficient to neutralize the outbreak.

* Building Siege Engines [Perception + Crafts/
Intelligence + Crafts]: Assembling a siege engine de-

pends on two factors — appropriate knowledge and the
availability of raw materials. Finding and transporting
appropriate raw materials requires a foraging team to
make a Perception + Crafts roll (difficulty 7). The team
must accumulate a number of successes equal to the
damage rating of the engine they wish to build (see the
table on p. 33). Such rolls may be made once per day,
during which time the team cannot forage for food (of
course, multiple teams can search and therefore pool
their successes). Once appropriate materials have been
found, they must be assembled into a working engine,
requiring an extended Intelligence + Crafts (siege en-
gines) roll also against a difficulty of 7. Such rolls may be
made weekly. The number of successes required to build
each engine is the same as the number required to find
materials: equal to the engine's damage rating (so a
counterweight trebuchet requires 15 successes). A botch
at any point during construction destroys the engine,
wasting the materials and all the successes invested in its
construction. The number of successes required to find
materials for and assemble a beffroi depends on its size —
anywhere from 10-30 (Storyteller's discretion).

¢ Using Siege Engines [Intelligence + Leader-
ship]: Employing siege engines in battle requires slightly
different skills than does a regular attack. The standard
combat mechanism (pages 237-239 of Dark Ages:
Vampire) applies, but rather than rolling Dexterity +
Archery (the usual missile attack pool), the roll is
Intelligence + Leadership. Most siege engines cannot
use any ranged attack maneuvers. The exception is the
counterweight trebuchet that may use the aim maneu-
ver, using the main operator's Perception (and Leadership
rather than Archery). Remember that no siege engine
can target a moving object without supernatural aid.

© Sapping [Intelligence + Leadership/ Strength +
Crafts]: Digging tunnels to undermine a fortification
requiresacombination of intelligence, cunning, strength
and determination. The first stage in the operation is
identifying a weakness and devising an appropriate plan.
This requires an Intelligence + Leadership roll by the
player actingas the general or chief sapper. The difficulty
is 6 in normal conditions, rising to 7 or 8 where condi-
tions are unfavorable (due to rocky ground, flooding,
etc). At least one success is needed to formulate a viable
plan, though additional successes increase the likeli-
hood of success. The main excavations require extended
Strength + Crafts (mining) rolls (difficulty as above),
one per week. The number of successes here determines
the speed at which the mine progresses — 50 yards per
success per week in good conditions (packed earth), 25
yards per success in fair conditions, and 10 yards per
success per week in poor conditions (solid rock). A
botch at this stage results in the collapse of a section of

Saured

ese


a Sa S§
BOO We Aan es
— = a a Se

the mine. The distance from the mine entrance to the
target is at the Storyteller's discretion. Assuming the
mine is not foiled by the defenders (see countermining),
roll a number of damage dice equal to Intelligence +
Leadership plus one die per success at the planningstage.
Each success inflicts three health levels of damage on the
targeted fortification. Unlike direct attacks against the
structures, damage from sapping cannot be soaked.

© Countermining [Perception + Alertness/Strength
+ Crafts]: Besieged forces are ever vigilant for sapping
directed against them and may make a Perception +
Alertness each day. The difficulty of this detection attempt
is dependent on the distance to the mine —? for every 10
yards outfrom the walls (i.e.,amine thatiscurrently 50 yards
from the wall is difficulty 10 to detect while one 30 yards
from the wall is difficulty 6 to spot). Countermines are dug
according to the same rules as sapping above, rolling
Strength + Crafts (mining). Countermines may be dug at
twice the speed of normal mines providing the sappers

doingsoisthatevenasimplefailure will resultin thecollapse
of a section of the tunnel.

Naval Combat

Naval combat is unusual in that it requires a group
of individuals to work as a team. The Attribute and
Ability scores used in the actions may be those of an
individual character — usually the captain but possibly
adedicated navigator or some such — or can be those of
a team (such as those operating a siege engine) or the
entire crew. For simplicity, the tasks below assume the
crew members all have the same Traits, though players
wishing more complexity may vary the crew's Traits and
calculate the average (round fractions to the nearest
whole) when dice rolls are needed.

¢ Navigation [Intelligence + Seamanship]: Most
navigation in the Dark Medieval is done by dead reck-
oning, the sailors using a combination of prevailing
winds, landmarks and other factors (e.g., following birds).
Even the recent introduction of the magnetic compass
(in the late 12th century in Europe, early in the 13th in
Outremer) has done little to change this, though local
knowledge of coastlines and hazards is being collected in
pilot's books that will, in the next few decades, metamor-
phose into portolano or harbor-finding charts. If a vessel
is within sight of land, the difficulty of the Navigation
attempt is 6, though this increases to 9 if the sailor has no
firm reference point and must instead rely on wind,
current or bird observations. Possession of a compass
reduces this difficulty by onel, as does possession of an
appropriate pilot's book. The number of successes indi-
cates the precision of the navigator's estimates, while no
successes indicate that the navigator is lost. A botch

ignore safety procedures such as shoring. The side effect of

indicates that not only is the vessel lost, but that it may
be sailing into danger oblivious of the perils.

¢ Pursuit [Wits + Seamanship]: While speed is the
primary factor in pursuits, acanny captain can overcome
his vessel's shortcomings, while an inexperienced one
can squander his advantage. When involved in a pur-
suit, the Storyteller or player controlling each vessel
should roll the captain's Wits + Seamanship once every
four hours (difficulty 7), adding the number of successes
to the speed of the vessel. The net difference in the
resulting values determines whether the gap between
vessels grows, shrinks or remains constant. Each point by
which the pursuer's value exceeds the targets results in
the range between the vessels decreasing by 500 yards,
while each point in the target's favor increases the range
by the same distance. Oared vessels may be rowed for a
maximum of 12 hours per day, though they may boost
their temporary oar speed by one point at the expense of
three hours' endurance. Fleets usually travel at the speed
of their slowest members, but laggardly members of
either fleet may be left behind. Some supernatural
powers — such as the Order of Hermes' Vires Pillar —
may be able to give one vessel an advantage or a means
of hindering the other.

For example, if a player controlling a small cog rolls
three successes, he adds them to the vessel's speed of 3 for
anet total of 6. The rowed galley he is pursuing has a base
speed of 4 with oars, and thus the player controlling the
galley needs to roll at least two su s to maintain the
gap. If that player rolls only one success, the cog draws 500
yards closer, despite its slower speed, whereas if she rolls
three successes it pulls away from the cog by 500 yards.

© Maneuvering [Intelligence + Seamanship]: Once
vessels have closed to within a few hundred yards of each
other, maneuver rather than outright speed becomes the
major factor in their jockeying for position. The players
(or Storyteller) controlling the captains should make
resisted Intelligence + Seamanship rolls (difficulty 8 —
the vessel's Maneuverability rating), the net successes
determining the victor. Add these successes to the
winner's initiative rating. If multiple vessels are in-
volved, make a maneuvering roll for each vessel (or each
squadron of ships in the case of fleet actions), adding half
(round down) the number of successes to that vessel's
initiative rating.

* Boarding Actions: Boarding actions are the most
common form of naval combat, occurring when one
vessel seeks to capture rather than sink another. Such
actions may be roleplayed using the standard combat
tules. Once half the defenders are neutralized, the re-
mainder surrender if outnumbered by at least two to one,
otherwise they continue to fight. If the crew surrenders,
the boarders have free run of the ship, though some

ee re 7
y Fa) ya * Se > a < y=
a ye fy pe Aan \ eS a 3 ~ 5 =3=2+ a
-SPOILS'OFP WAR + Z sed
a Sa a Vat Br,

defenders may still resist in cabins and the like. Indi-
vidual warriors involved in boarding actions may — at
the Storyteller's discretion — be required to make a
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 6) to avoid being
knocked overboard in the melee. If someone fails the
roll, the character may make a second roll (difficulty 8)
to catch the railing. A botch gives no such chance,
indicating that he falls overboard, where he probably
drowns, particularly if he is wearing armor.

© Ship-to-Ship Combat [Dexterity + Archery]:
Ship vs. ship combat uses the standard combat system,
save that the initiative rolled for the vessel is that of its
captain and the other dice are the average of the crew as
outlined above. Each health level of damage to the
its Speed and Maneuverability by one
point. If a vessel's Speed is reduced to zero, it cannot
move. If reduced below zero, the ship loses one health
level from flooding every 15 minutes.

© Repair [Perception + Seamanship/Crafts]: Most
vessels carry a small number of parts to allow running
repairs to keep the ship seaworthy, usually in the form of
wooden braces (for larger ships) and canvas and tar hull
patches. After battle damage or an accident, such mate-
rials may be needed to repair (orsave! ) a damaged vessel.
Carrying out repairs is an extended action, the number
of successes required to repair a health level of damage
equal to the number of health levels of damage currently
sustained by the ship. For example, ifadromon has taken
six health levels of damage, repairing one level of dam-
age requires six successes. Each repair attempt takes
fifteen minutes and thus a lone repairman is unlikely to
succeed (especially if the ship is flooding). Fortunately,
up to six individuals may cooperate on a single repair
effort, though each team may repair only a single health
level per turn, no matter how many successes they
achieve. To repair more than one health level in a turn
(which may be required if the vessel is flooding) requires
multiple repair teams.

Large-scale Battles

Battles are a major feature of the Dark Medieval and
characters may find themselves drawn into such conflicts
whether they desire it or nor. If the characters are to play a
major role in the battle, they may use the system presented
on pp. 65-69 of the Dark Ages Storytellers Companion
(withsomemodificationsfornon-Cainitecharacters). While
this places the characters at the heart of the action, it does
not reflect the tactical aspects of combat. For those wishing
todoso, an alternative mass battle system is presented here,
placing more emphasis on leadership and planning than
direct involvement in battle.

vessel reduces

Modifications to the
Storyteller's Companion

The character-based mass combat in the Story-
tellers Companion focuses on Cainite characters, but
other characters in the Dark Medieval can use it with
a few modifications. These are:

© Frenzy: Much like Cainites, werewolves may
fly into frenzy on the battlefield. Each turn, the
werewolf's player must make a Rage roll. If the roll
results in four or more successes, the werewolf enters
frenzy (this is in contrast to vampires, who require
successes ona Self-Control/Instinct roll not to frenzy).
See p. 90 of Dark Ages: Werewolf for more details
on Rage.

¢ Use an Instant Discipline: This stage incorpo-
rates any instant powers (Gifts, magic or Blessings).
These may be "offensive," such as the Obtenebration
power Arms of Ahriman or a Garou's Gnaw, or
defensive, such as an Inquisitor's Catechumen. Most
magical Pillars can be used for offense or defense, but
all spells used in combat are considered hurried cast-
ings (see p. 104 of Dark Ages: Mage).

¢ Use an Extended Discipline: This stage incor-
porates any extended-duration powers (Gifts, magic
or Blessings), i-e., those that last more than a single
combat round or require protracted concentration by
the wielder. As with thaumaturgical rituals, Garou
rites or Holy Art ritae may not be used in combat.
Examples of "extended" powers include using the Al-
Fatihah Pillar to coordinate troop actions, the Gift:
Expel Spirit or Censure power of the Sedulitas Filius
path (if used for more than a single turn).

¢ Character Attacks: Melee combat is handled
identically for all major character types. Gifts, magic
and Blessings that have lethal effects against the
opposing unit affect the target in the same way as
lethal Disciplines (i.e., one casualty per dot of that
power used or the total dots in combination powers
such as rotes). Where a power has no explicit rating,
the Storyteller should adjudicate its effectiveness as
she sees fit.

¢ Counterattacks: Only Cainites may be "staked"
by 5+ successes. Other characters suffer damage nor-
mally at the rate of two damage dice per suc!
Powers that provide armor, such as the Transubstan-
tiation of the Flesh Investiture, may increase a
character's soak rating.

© Morale: Cainites are not the only supernatural
beings to provoke a strong reaction in unprepared
mortal characters. The "supernatural killer" action
applies to all characters who slay more than 10 en-


emies in a single turn. Additionally, a werewolf in a
form other than Homid affects morale (difficulty 5 for
Glabro or Lupus, 7 for Hispo). A Garou in Crinos form
causes the Delirium in all susceptible units (see p. 96
of Dark Ages: Werewolf); most such troops break
automatically. Units not affected by the Delirium
automatically launch an Enhanced Counterattack
against the werewolf. Gifts, magic and even Blessings
may trigger "supernatural power" responses.

Right of Command

This alternative mass combat system places em-
phasis on leadership and tactics rather than martial
prowess. It is intended to reflect the structure and
practices of conflicts in the Dark Medieval. Battles are
fought over a number of Battle Turns, each of which
represents an hour in the battle.

Unit Formations and Strengths

The commander should divide his forces into four
groups —Center, Left Wing, Right Wing and Re-
serve. The first three must contain troops. A
commander is not obliged to create a reserve, though
not doing so may have grave repercussions in battle.
The types of troops allocated to each part of the army
govern its abilities and vulnerabilities.

For example, Marcus Verus, the Cainite Baron of
Chester, readies a force comprising 2,000 peasants (2
units), 2,000 spearmen (2 units), 500 archers (1

unit), 300 light cavalry (3 units) , 50 ghoul knights (1
unit) and 10 Cainite cavalry (1 unit). His army has the
following statistics: Maneuver 19, Melee 20, Ranged
5, Defense 20

Commanders

The overall commander and the commanders of
each element of the battle can have a dramatic

fect
on the outcome of an engagement. At the start of each
battle turn (lasting anywhere from 30 minutes to three
hours; see the Dark Ages Storytellers Companion),
the players controlling the two forces should make
opposed Perception + Leadership rolls (difficulty 6) to
represent the army commanders. Likewise, the same
rolls should be made for each of the forward elements
of the army (the wings and center). Apply the net
successes of these rolls to all the appropriate units —
the result of the army roll to all three sub-elements,
and the sub-element rolls to those specific forces. A
botch on any of these rolls gives the opponent two
additional net successes.

For example, if an army command roll achieved three
successes while the enemy had four, all elements of the
army would suffer a—I dice penalty (while the opposition
would gain adie). However, if a sub-element roll achieved
and the roll for the enemy element botched,
the net successes would be five (thee for his successes, plus
two because the opponent botched), which would both
cancel out the —1 and give each pool of that element three
additional dice.

three suc

Troop TYPES :
Total the number of troops of each type in the section of the army to.determine the dice pools used for

appropriate actions.

Unit type
Peasants 1000 1 1
+ Swordsmen 1000 1
Spearmen_ 1000 1
Archers 500 1 A
+ Crossbowmen 500 1
/ Skirmishers 500 2
Light Cavalry 100 pax
| Heavy Cavalry 100 igi
Horse Archers 100 2
Siege Engine 10 2 0 0
‘Cainite Cavalry 10 3 4
Cainite Skirmishers 10 2 3
Ghoul Knights 50 se Bs)
Kinfolk Wolves 10 4 2
Garou Pack 5- 1 5
2 3 3

Knights of Acre 25 - :

Quantity of troops Maneuver Dice Attack Dice (melee) -Attack Dice (Ranged) Defense Dice

FROORHEUNWKWQONKNNOOH
PWN WW We DN WD Kew Ne


No Mac

stute readers will note that no provision

on the Troop Types table for
beings capable of casting magic (or magic-like
effects), including mages of all stripes, Cainite
blood sorcerers, Red Ordet inquisitors and so on
The reason for this is that magic is nearly impossible
tosimulate witha few.quick rolls, and to attempt to

is mac

doso would cheapen its effect anyway. A spell

or theurgist fighting'in-anarmy is most assuredly
going to have an effect on the battle's outcome, but
how th

left to the Storyteller to adjudicate, based on what

plays out in terms of this battle system is

game she is runningand what role she wants ma;
to play in her chronicle.

The Battle

Ina battle, resolve the actions of each element of
the army independently, though circumstances may
allow the separate elements of the army to work
together against an opponent. In a battle turn each
element of the army may take one action from the list
below, rolling dice as appropriate. The player(s) con-
trolling each side should write down the orders for its
elements, which are then revealed simultaneously.
The actions of both sides are considered simultaneous
and damage takes effect after both sides have resolved
their actions.

¢ Make melee attack: The player makesa resisted
roll for the unit, pitting its melee pool vs. the defenders
defense pool. If the attacking unit has more successes
than the defender, each success eliminates one enemy
unit of the defender's choice. If the defender has more
es than the attacker, the attacker must lose one
unit per net success. If both sides have the same
number of successes, neither force loses troops.

© Make ranged attack: The player makes a re-
sisted roll for the unit, pitting its ranged pool vs. half
the defender's defense pool. If the attacking unit has
more successes than the defender, each success elimi-
nates one enemy unit of the defender's choice. If the
defender has more successes or the result is a tie,

succ

neither side takes losses.

© Make flanking attack: Each of the wings (not
the center) may attempt to make a flanking attack on
the opponent. The players make resisted rolls with the
maneuver pools of the unit and its opposite number. If
the attacker wins, the defender must eliminate two

units per net success. If the attacker loses the roll, his
force must lose units, albeit only one unit per net
success. Such units must be cavalry units where they

. il — s ee.
- . ee OC
— =~ a a ES I Noy ee
6: a ae . Sp
oS care ~ ET ie oe imme,

are available. Flanking attacks may not be made if the
defender has "secured its flanks" (see Terrain).

¢ Withdraw: An element of an army may attempt
to distance itself from its opponents, avoiding or
postponing its conflict with the enemy. Make a re-
sisted maneuver roll and if the unit attempting to
withdraw achieves more successes than its opponents,
it backs away from the enemy and cannot be targeted
with melee or flanking attacks in the current round.
This is an exception to the usual simultaneity of
action. If the unit fails in its attempt to withdraw,
apply the net successes gained by the opponent in the
withdrawal attempt as a penalty to the unit's defen
and maneuver pools for the remainder of the turn. If
all three elements of an army make successful with-
drawal attempts in the same turn, the battle ends.

Morale

Keep track of the total number of units lost by the
elements of an army. If the total is greater than the sum
of the commander's Charisma + Leadership dice pool,
that element of the army is demoralized and suffers a —1
die penalty to each pool for each point in excess of the
commander's dice pool. This penalty may not reduce the
dice in a pool below one. For example, if the right wing
of an army has lost eight units when its commander has
a Charisma + Leadership pool of six dice that element of
the army suffers a —2 penalty to each of its dice pools.

Sudden, catastrophic losses can also havea profound
effect on the elements ofanarmy. At the end ofeach turn
in which an element loses units, its commander should
roll Charisma + Leadership. The difficulty of this roll is
the number of units lost by the element that turn (no roll
is necessary unless the army loses three or more units in
asingle turn). If the roll succeeds, the element suffers no
ill effects, but if the result is a failure, the unit wavers and
suffers a—2 dice penalty on all pools in the next turn. As
with demoralization, this modifier may not reduce the
number of dice ina pool below one. Ifthe result isa botch,
the element breaks and flees the field.

Turning Flanks

Ifall the units inan elementofan army are destroyed
— or if that element breaks — the army is at a great
disadvantage with enemies either separating its ele-
ments from each other (if it is the center that has gone)
or being enveloped by the enemy (in the case of a wing
being eliminated). In such cases, the opposing unit that
no longer faces enemy troops may turn its attentions to
the adjacent units (one of the wings in the case of a
center, or the center in the case of wings). Such units add
1.5 x their dice pools to any actions. If a force with such
an advantage takes damage, the losses should be spread

TST ee as AON SS
acai + toe i= == -CH TER ONE , <OnSeitetltn DATE ER ISS:
» \ ~ _ -DUTYAND STEEL * > a

as evenly as possible between the main element (that
naturally fighting the opponent) and any supplementary
elements (those adding their pools to the attack as a
result of having no opposition).

TheReserves

Units cannot move between the three front-line
elements of an army (i.e., the wings and the center).
They may, however, move from the reserve to one of the
three main elements (but not from front-line elements
to the reserve) at the start of a turn. A wise commander
thus leaves a number of troops in his reserve to shore up
astruggling element or to increase its effectiveness of an
element to exploit an enemy's weakness.

Complications

Numerous factors can influence the outcome of a
battle, most notably terrain, weather and fortifications.
The following table notes the impact of different terrain
and environmental conditions on an element's dice
pools, the values adding or subtracting to an element's
pools depending on its circumstances. Such modifiers
may not reduce a pool below one die.

Ending the Battle

A battle ends when one side has been eliminated,
broken or withdrawn from the field, or when eight

battle turns have been fought. In most cases, the
winner of a battle is the side whose forces remain in
possession of the battlefield at the end of the day,
though this is not always the case. Instead, a force may
claim victory if it resi
time before being beaten, or for eliminating a specific
unit in the enemy army. Victory is what the combat-
ants make of it. Indeed, it is quite possible for both
sides in an engagement to claim victory as a result of

s the enemy for a set period of

differing but not exclusive conditions (e.g., one might
seek to destroy the opposition, while the other seeks
to prevent the enemy advance for several hours).

An Erample of play

Marcus Verus, the Cainite Baron of Chester,
assembles a force of mortal and Cainite vassals with
which he plans to eliminate a pack of Lupines who
have recently caused trouble in the Baron's holdings.
Marcus' force comprises 2,000 peasants, 2,000
spearmen, 500 archers, 300 light cavalry, 50 ghoul
knights and 10 Cainite cavalry. He arranges his forces
so that the Left and Right Wings each contains 1,000
spearmen and 100 light cavalry (combined dice pools
of Maneuver 4, Melee 4, Ranged 0, Defense 5), the
Center 2,000 peasants, 100 light cavalry and 500
archers (Maneuver 6, Melee 5, Ranged 4, Defense 5).
His reserve comprises 10 Cainite and 50 ghoul knights
(Maneuver 5, Melee 7, Ranged 1, Defense 5).

COMPLICATIONS
Conditions Maneuver Melee Ranged ___— Defense
Wooded : be "al 3 ) .
Marsh is -3 -2 jean Qe =l
Rocky. : : 2 -1 0 +1
Attacking uphill -1 -1 0 -1
Attacking downhill +1 0 Se +1
Attackingracross ditch . ~ —2 a) 0 +1 i
Attacking across stream -1 0 0 +1
~ Attacking past stakes 2 0 Onaas 0 E
Attacking Palisade -2 -2 0 0
Attacking small wall - -2 : -2 -l AO}
Attacking large wall ys 2 -1 0
Defending Palisade 4 -2 0 +1
Defending small wall t= -2 +1 +2
~Defénding large wall ~ +4 -2 peace 43
Light rain (9) : =1 —2 0
Heavy rain = Caen -2 —4 0 fs
Snow a‘ cD 2. a2; 0

Securing flanks: A wing element may-prevent an opponent from making a flank "attack by
positioning itself so that it is adjacent to""impassable" terrain sueh as a marsh, forest, river or lake. If it is
able to do so (at the Storyteller's discretion), that element may not be flanked.


~ spiel — Si cips x
; Ra I Ee cay
ENE a" = ae f° POPS
ee ee . = ra -

His opponents, the Garou of the Black Salt Sept,
marshal their forces to oppose the Vampire horde. They
assemble 2,000 peasants, 1,000 skirmishers and 1,000
archers, as well as 100 light cavalry, three packs of
Kinfolk Wolves and one of Garou. Their commander,
Rhodry Ironfur, places the peasants in the Center,
supported by his cavalry (for dice pools of Maneuver 5,
Melee 4, Ranged 2, Defense 4), and combined forces of
500 archersand 500 skirmishers on each of the Rightand
Left Wings, supported by 10 wolves each (Maneuver 7,
Melee 4, Ranged 4, Defense 4). This third wolf pack and
the Garou form his reserve (Maneuver 7, Melee 7,
Ranged 1, Defense 5).

The battle takes place in a valley and the Garou
choose their defensive position carefully. Marcus'
forces must attack uphill in each location and units in
the center must also attack across a stream. Further-
more, a steep slope secures the Garou army's Left
Wing, preventing it from being flanked.

The players make Perception + Leadership rolls for
the army commanders — six dice for Rhodry and seven
for Marcus, each gaining three successes: no advantage.
The players also roll for the element commanders —
Cassius and Llewellyn on the Left Wing (five and six
dice for three and two successes respectively, a +1
advantage to the Cainites), Roger and Bites-Quick in

the Center (five dice each, three successes each for no
advantage) and Raimond and Morgan on the Right
Wing (four and five dice for three and one successes
respectively, a surprising +2 advantage to the Cainites).

The players decide their orders and secretly write
them down tobe revealed simultaneously. The Cainite
Left and Right Wings will engage in melee attacks,
while the center will use its ranged attack. The Garou
opt to use ranged attacks on the Left Wing, melee in
the Center and a flanking attack on the Right Wing.

The Cainite Left Wing has a melee of 4. The
commander's result increases this to 5, while the
attacking uphill penalty reduces it back to 4. The
Garou defenses of 4 gain +1 for being uphill but also
suffer a -1 penalty for the commander's roll, a net
result of 4. The Cainites achieve three successes and
the Garou only two. The Garou must lose a unit and
choose the skirmishers, who are destroyed at the end
of the turn. First, however, the Garou make their
missile attack — four dice vs. the Cainites' five de-
fense dice. The result of the commander's roll nullifies
the Garou's +1 missile advantage for attacking down-
hill and also the Cainite's -1 defensive penalty for
attacking uphill. The Garou achieve success, but the
Cainites have two: no loss.

oa at Ee
Pe gy we Se Pisscarn Ah KA A
te ts el " < 1 Ns —
> \


In the Center, the commanders' rolls were tied
and so neither side has a leadership advantage. The
Cainite missile attack (four dice) suffers no modifica-
tion for the terrain, but the defending Garou receive
two extra defensive dice for being uphill and across a
stream (for a total of six dice). The Cainites achieve
two successes and the Garou three. The Garou suffer
no loss. Their own action — a melee attack — uses
four dice, unmodified by the terrain, against the
Cainites' five defensive dice. The werewolves manage
two successes, but the Cainites achieve three. As this
is melee, the Garou must lose a unit and select one of
their peasant forces.

On the Right Wing, the Cainites have a decisive
leadership advantage but are also exposed to the
Garou's maneuverability. The Cainite melee attack
pits their five dice (increased from four to six by the
leadership but reduced to five by attacking uphill)
against three defensive dice (decreased from four to
two by the leadership but bolstered for being uphill).
Stunningly, the Cainites achieve five successes and
the Garou three. The werewolves must lose two units
and select the archers and skirmishers. Nonetheless,
they may attempt their flanking attack, pitting their
six maneuver dice (seven, reduced to five by leader-
ship, increased by one for attacking downhill) against
the Cainite's five dice (four, increased to six by lead-
ership, reduced by one for attacking uphill). The
Garou achieve three successes and the Cainites two.
As this is the flanking attack, the Garou's one net
success means the Cainites must lose both units in the
Right Wing.

The battle continues.

Personal Combat

Storytellers may desire a personal combat system
more detailed than the one in Dark Ages: Vampire.
These mechanics are an optional modification to
those in that book. They assume the Storyteller and
players are familiar with the rules on pp. 237-253.

Weapons fall into four types — bashing, smash-
ing, hacking and piercing — depending on the form of
damage they inflict. Bashing damage is described on
pp. 252-253 of Dark Ages: Vampire. Smashing,
hacking and piercing damage are all types of lethal
damage (see p. 253 of Dark Ages: Vampire). The
only difference is how armor interacts with that type
of damage.

Bashing (B) damage is damage that can be swiftly
healed like bruises, sprains, and minor cuts. Fists and
improvised weapons such as chairs and light clubs
inflict bashing damage. Smashing (LS) damage is

caused by heavier blunt weapons such as maces, cud-
gels, hammers and staffs. The weapons that inflict
smashing damage are often heavy and slow. Rigid
metal armor such as coats of plates and plate armor is
most effective at resisting it.

Hacking (LH) damage involves chopping edges
like swords and axes. The damage is partly smashing
injuries to skin and bones, and partly sharp edges
designed to cut flesh. This is the most common type of
lethal damage. Rigid and soft metal armor such as
chain mail, coats of plates and plate armor are the best
defense against hacking damage. Piercing (LP) dam-
age results when a great deal of force is applied over a
small point or surface such as an arrow, crossbow bolt,
spear or atypical kinds of polearms. It is equally effec-
tive against all armor types.

Atypical Equipment

Armor and weapons go together in a constant
arms race. Those with supernatural powers face foes
for whom the typical chain mail, shield and broad
sword combination may be almost useless. Such char-
acters might, with sufficient resources, skill and
cleverness, invent weapons that will not otherwise be
seen in Europe until decades or centuries later. A
Storyteller should be cautious in allowing anachronis-
tic weapons and armor, however. Many require a
combination of training, metallurgy, quality ore, ar-
mory skill and knowledge that just should not be
available to most people in 1230. Such advances
should be limited to characters who work hard at
becoming the supernatural Leonardo Da Vincis of
their day.

Brigandine armor, a type of mixed cloth and
metal armor, does not appear until the late 14th
century. This is a "coat of plates" where a cloth coat is
lined with rectangular metal plates. Rivets holding
the plates show on the exterior of the armor. The
resulting armor weighs only about 19 pounds, but it is
very awkward. (A hauberk of chain mail weighs 20-34
pounds. A set of chausses, mail leggings, weighs an-
other 7 to 10 pounds.) This could be managed with
mid-13th-century metallurgy but would be very un-

sual. A vampire or ghoul might need this extra armor
against other vampires or against lupines who can
easily shred chain mail.

Plate armor does not appear until the early 14th
century. In 1230, the metallurgy and armory skills just
aren't good enough to manage it. That is not to say
that a mage could not invent it, but it would be
obviously out of place and would attract comment.
Heavier armor (50-65 pounds for full field plate) also
means breeding a stronger warhorse (or using a ghoul


or magically enhanced warhorse) to carry the plate-
armored knight into battle.

Fourteenth-century crossbow archers used large
wooden shields call pavises, which were about three
feet wide and four feet or more tall, to protect them-
selves from hostile arrow fire while reloading —
especially from higher-power crossbows and the En-
glish longbow. Someone who frequently encountered
lots of ranged attacks might invent and ca:
shield, but it would be unusual.

y such a

A character who frequently encounters foes that
have the equivalent of plate armor may have a cus-
tom-designed sword which is intended more for cutting
and impaling than for cutting and shearing, as the
typical mid-13th century sword is. Such asword would
have an obviously different outline, with a diamond-
shaped cross-section, marked taper and sharp point.
This would excite comment and questions among any
experienced soldier or knight who saw it. If this sword
is combined with sufficient armor (or used by a char-
acter whose supernatural defenses are strong enough

thatashield isnotneeded), the sword may be designed
for two-handed use.

The two-handed great sword is exceptional in the
mid-13th century. It evolves later when plate armor
makes a shield less necessary. It might be invented and
carried by creatures with exceptional strength and strong
defenses who do not rely on armor, such as werewolves.

The war hammer is a 14th-century descendent of
the mace, designed for use against plate armor. It is
usually about two feet long, designed for both one-
handed and two-handed use.

The morning star (as a ball-and-chain type of flail)
is extremely rare and does not appear before the 15th
century. The weapon is difficult to control and less
powerful than simply putting the head on a shaft as long
as the total shaft and chain. An agricultural flail (two
long wooden staffs connected to each other by a pair of
rings) can be used as a weapon, but it is usually not seen
on the battlefield until the 15th century.

The spear and protopike (poleax: see Dark Ages:
Vampire p. 248) are the standard polearms of the mid-
13th century
foes that have the equivalent of plate armor may
invent specialized polearms that mimic 14th- and
15th-century weapons such as the halberd and bill.
These weapons combine a sharp axe edge with a hook
that could be used to pull an enemy off his horse or
hook his shield. These weapons are five to six feet long
and impossible to conceal, and will attract comment
from anyone who sees them.

A character who frequently encounters

The English longbow famed at Crecy and
Agincourt is currently known only in Wales. Unlike

s => —— SS coe:
eR ee ———
A

OLOGICAL DIFFEREN

(Qe the way a weapon works does not
differ depending on the target, differ
ences in the way the victim's body works means

that not all forms of attack are equally effective.
The rules presented here assume the target is a

normal mortal. Other character types are af-

fected as follow

Mortals: Mortals (including inquisitors and
mages) take full;damage from an attack. They
may soak bashing dar
any armor but must rely on armor (and magical
protections) against any form of lethal damag

age with their Stamina +

Werewolves: Garou suffer damage from all
forms of attack but unlike mortals may use their
. They
may also soak aggravated damage in any form

Stamina to soak bashing and lethal damag:

except Homid. Damage ftom silver weapons may
be soaked only by homid and lupus werewolves in
breed form; any, unsoaked damage is considered
lethal. They may also
lethal damage extremely quickly. See p. 102 of
Dark Ages: Werewolf for complete information.

Vampires: Sufi
and piercing attacks, though

generate bashing and

er half damage from bashing
he latter — if with an
appropriate weapon such asa stake or arrow — may
paralyze the vampire (see pp. 246-247 and 254 of
Dark Ag Jampire). Cainites may use Stamina
+ Fortitude + armor to soak any bashing or lethal
damage but use Fortitude alone ravated
wounds. They may burn blood to hi

pp. 162-163 of Dark Ages:

rinst ag
il damage (se
Vampire).

the longbow mentioned in Dark Ages: Vampire,
which is drawn only to the chest, the Welsh longbow
is longer and drawn to the ear, giving it greater range
(150 yards). It isa very powerful weapon, but one that
would almost never be found in any great numbers on
a mid-13th-century battlefield.

Magesand inventors might be able to improve the
standard crossbow with more powerful springs and
strings. A supernaturally strong character might be
able to draw the bow using a boot-and-stirrup method.
Mere mortals would have to use a windlass or geared
rack, orhook the string anda pulley to the archer's belt
so he could draw with his body.

Some of the combat effects of these anachronistic
weapons are up the Storyteller. Custom-made equip-
ment created or enhanced by magic or supernatural
means will likely bear little resemblance to their
historical counterparts.

Te aS OA, yy ee
ANA G&S Saye SOS Os ry a AN 5
Pee SG CHAPTER ONE m=
Sees =e Zi BUT STEEL ( a4 NS me Aa


Typical Weapons

These are the most common weapons found ona
battlefield in the Dark Medieval. In many cases,
damage amounts have been reduced from Dark Ages:
Vampire to balance the changes to armor and to
reflect the relatively low historic mortality rate among
armored combatants.

Peasant Weapons

Bow, Short (4 LP): A standard three- to four-foot
bow used primarily for hunting. Most knights are
familiar with the bow, but it is not generally consid-
ered a knightly weapon for war. Range 60 yards.

Bow, Long (6 LP): The larger cousin of the short
bow (six feet long) and drawn to the chest. Minimum
Strength 3; range 120 yards.

Bow, Long, Welsh (7 LP): A stronger version of
the long bow drawn to the ear. In 1230, this version of
the long bow is unknown outside of Wales (although
the Mongols have developed a shorter version that
can be fired from horseback). In later centuries it will
be widely adopted by the English army, much to the
dismay of the French. Minimum Strength 4; range 150
yards.

Club (Strength +1B): Any sort of improvised
blunt instrument ranging from a board to a chair, toa
tree branch. Weapons that are awkwardly sized or
shaped (big branches, etc.) may be difficulty 7 to use.

Crossbow, Light (4 LP): A simple crossbow that
can be cocked by hand. Range 120 yards.

Crossbow (6 LP): The common version of the
crossbow, which generally has a stirrup so that it can
be cocked using the full strength of the archer's back.
Range 100 yards.

Cudgel (Strength +1 LS): A compact blunt
instrument such as a trimmed branch or axe handle
that is solid enough to transmit the force of the attack
without breaking.

Hatchet (Strength +1 LH): A wood cutter's one-
handed small axe.

Knife (Strength +1 LP): A typical craft or eating
knife, generally single-edged with a blade no longer
than the owner's palm.

Pitchfork (Strength +2LP): A common two-
handed agricultural tool with a wood handle and
wood tines. A wealthy peasant may be able to rein-
force the tines with metal tips.

Sling (3B): An uncommon peasant's weapon.
Range 50 yards.

Spear (one-handed) (Strength + 3 LP): A com-
mon foot soldier's weapon, generally used by ranks of

massed levies. The spear is unwieldy — +1 difficulty
unless the character has a specialty in its use.

Spear (two-handed) (Strength +3 LP): A com-
mon foot soldier's weapon, generally used by ranks of
massed levies.

Staff-sling (4B): An uncommon peasant's
weapon. Range 75 yards. Can be loaded with lime
powder as an irritant or with oil as an incendiary.

Knight's Weapons

Broadsword (Strength +3 LH): The archetypical
weapon of the Middle Ages. It is a three-foot sword
with a blunt tip used to hack at an opponent.

Common Mace (Strength +1 LS): A wooden
cudgel with iron studs on the end. Maces are not
common on the medieval battlefield.

Hand Ax (Strength + 2 LH): A large one
ax often based on Viking or Scandinavian designs
are not common on the medieval battlefield.

Lance (8 or Strength LP): A long, heavy spear
used as a common cavalry weapon. The second figure
is if the lance is used for a Lance Thrust (see p. 246 of
Dark Ages: Vampire). Lances are extremely uncom-
mon as battlefield weapons.

Lance, Light (6 or Strength LP): As described in
Dark Ages: Vampire, a light, usually hollow lance
primarily used by the Saracens. The second figure is if
the lance is used fora Lance Thrust (see p. 246 of Dark
Ages: Vampire). Lances are extremely uncommon as
battlefield weapons.

Lance, Compound (9 or Strength LP): A very
heavy, long version of the lance used by the Saracens.

Mace (Strength +2 LP): A wooden cudgel with
an iron head with metal vanes or flanges. The vanes
will bend or break on a botch, reducing the weapon to
a smashing weapon. Maces are not common on the
medieval battlefield.

Scimitar (Strength +3 LH): The light, curved
Saracen sword.

Atypical Weapons

As explained above, characters who frequently
encounter the supernatural may invent or modify
common weapons into items which are more effective
against their foes' specific powers than common me-
dieval weapons. Most two-handed weaponsare atypical
until plate armor evolves to give a knight the same
kind of protection that a chain hauberk and shield
gave his ancestors.

Bastard Sword (Strength +4 LH): A four-foot
"hand-and-a-half" version of the broadsword that was

handed
. Axes

eb he =~. ~ s i C ——___j = et a
= -SPOILSO! AR: 4 BS
ay ar £ . |


invented during the transition from chain armor to
plate armor.

Battle Ax (Strength +5 LH): A two-handed ax
primarily used by Scandinavian fighters.

Crossbow, Heavy (7 LP): A complex version of
the crossbow that is cocked using a windlass and gears.
Range 150 yards

Dagger (Strength +1 LP): Aslightly longer version
of the knife designed for use in combat. It is primarily
used for killing incapacitated foes. Daggers are uncom-
mon battlefield weapons before the 14th century.

Estoc (Strength +3 LH/+2 LP): A 14th-century
version of the broadsword designed for both hacking
and thrusting. The blade has a reinforced diamond-
cross section to prevent it from breaking when thrust
at a foe.

Great Sword (Strength +5LH): A four- to six-
foot-long two-handed sword designed for use against
plate-armored foes. It is unwieldy — +1 difficulty
unless the character has a specialty in its use.

Morning Star (Strength +3 LS): A handle and
metal ball on achain. It does not appear until the 15th
century and is uncommon even then. Its difficulty is
+1 and it may strike the user ona botch. On the other
hand, it is harder to parry with a weapon (parry
difficulty +1), but not with a shield.

Pole-ax (Strength +5 LH/+5 LS): The predecessor
to the halberd and a cousin to the war-ax. This weapon
has an ax head, a flat hammerlike head and a pick.
Depending on which head is used, the weapon can be
either hacking or smashing. It is unwieldy, Diff +1.

Warhammer (Strength +5 LS): A 14th-century
descendant of the mace designed for use against plate
armor. It has a heavy head ona long pole and a point
or beak for piercing plate armor.

Typical Armor

The armor of 1230 ranges from padded cloth toa
chain hauberk with chausses (leggings) and with plate
reinforcement for the long bones. Plate armor is still
in the future. Note that the effectiveness of armor to
prevent injury varies depending on the nature of the
damage. Roll armor-provided soak dice separately
from those provided by Stamina (and other innate
sources such as Fortitude).

Light Armor: This armor includes soft leather,
hardened boiled leather (cuir bouilli) and the quilted or

padded cloth worn under chain mail when worn alone.
Light armor is resistant to bashing attacks (soak diffi-
culty 6) but provides less protection to hacking and
piercing attacks (soak difficulty 7). It soaks +1B/+2L.

Composite Armor: This slightly heavier armor
comprises leather reinforced with metal rings and/or
studs, or perhaps light chain mail. Composite armor is
resistant to hacking attacks (soak difficulty 6 for
bashing and hacking) but still provides little protec-
tion against smashing and piercing attacks (soak
difficulty 7). It soaks +2B/+3L.

Heavy Armor: Heavy armor comprises metal,
usually ring or chain mail, over a layer of quilted
padding. This is the standard chain hauberk. It pro-
vides good protection against bashing and hacking
attacks (soak difficulty 5) but remains vulnerable to
smashing and piercing attacks (soak difficulty 6). It
soaks +3B/+4L.

Knight's Armor: This is the most advanced armor
in 1230, including a chain hauberk, separate chain
leggings and metal leg-guards. It provides some protec-
tion against smashing attacks and foreshadows plate
armor. Its soak difficulty is 5 vs. bashing, hacking and
smashing and 6 against piercing. It soaks +4B/+4L.

Atypical Armor

It would be extremely difficult for even a mage to
create true plate-armor in 1230. The metal ores,
blacksmithing and armory skills are all insufficient to
create these intricate works of interlocking metal. Ifa
character is somehow able to create plate armor,
however, the solid curved surfaces provide excellent
protection against bashing, hacking and smashing
attacks (soak difficulty 4). It is still vulnerable to
piercing attacks (soak difficulty 5). It soaks +5B/+5L.

Shields

Shields are unchanged from p. 249 of Dark Ages:
Vampire. A character who frequently faces large
amounts of arrow fire might invent the tower shield,
which appears in Europe as a counter to the Welsh
long bow. The tower shield is full-body protection. Its
size makes the tower shield an excellent defense
against missiles (raise the difficulty to hit someone
protected by one by 4) but provides only a +1 bonus
against melee attacks. It is heavy and unwieldy and
cannot normally be used to parry.

eer ON a
ai aoe Ca =e OO
a te oS = "ey "<¢ ER —_ =n ‘a
ote ist > = ay



HAPTER, TWO:

POISONED: QUILLS

"Itis preferable to subdue anenemy by famine, raids and
terror, than in battle, where fortune tends to have
more influence than brayery.-

— Flavius Vegetius Renatus, The Military Institutions
of the Romans

Of course, the vast majority of the inhabitants of the Dark
Medieval — even among the illustrious ranks of player's charac-
ters — have neither the ability nor the authority to raise armies
against their adversaries. This requires far more than personal
power, which many vampires, werewolves and mages possess in
abundance. Raising an army requires substantial local authority,
to say nothing of enormous amounts of money, or at least the
support of someone with those resources.

Assuming one is capable of raising an army — and not just any
army, but one with weaponry and manpower equal or greater to that
of one's adversary — the simple truth is that armed invasion is never
subtle. As soon asa character sounds the call to arms, well before he's
sent even asingle soldier into enemy territory, he's thrown away any
chance of accomplishing his objective without drawing attention.
The opponent, should he learn of the plan, may launch a preemptive
attack, determined to destroy the enemy's ability to make war before
he ever becomes a real threat. Doing so is difficult, however, because
the opponent faces the same troubles in raising an army that the
character does. At the very least, one's own preparations buy the foe
time to bolster his defenses. If an invasion fails, not only does the
enemy know who attacked him, but others are likely to hear of a
character's defeat and reason that his own territories are now poorly


URNABOUT Is Fair PLAY

Bie the techniques presented in this
chapter will see most of their use in the
hands of players, who are no doubt already rubbing
their hands in glee at the notion of stripping lands
and resources from their Storyteller-run rivals with-
out having to engage in bloody war. This is certainly
a reasonable use for the material, and Storytellers
are encouraged to let their players have fun with the
new toys presented herein.

At the same time, Storytellers are equally en-
couraged to bear in mind the fact that their own
characters, particularly those who already have the
power the players seek, almost certainly know most
of these tricks and should be willing to use them in
turn. Let the characters occasionally find them-
selves the target of a hired assassin, the subject of a
concerted effort to destroy their names and reputa-
tions or even the proud landholders of an estate
that has become suddenly and mysteriously plague-
ridden. This can easily be overdone; this sort of
attack on the characters should be an occasional
event at best, not the sort of threat they face on a
nightly basis. Still, it's important to remember than
nothing is inherently unfair about using these tech-
niques against the characters. with the same
frequency (and undisguised relish) that they use
them on their own rivals.

ing. Even should such an
invasion succeed, if the enemy does not fall with his
soldiers, he will certainly seek retribution.

Still, many would-be conquerors are so enrap-
tured by glorious visions of riding at the vanguard of

defended and ripe for the ta

some great army that it never occurs to them that
other methods of conquest are not only available but
oftentimes preferable to military action. For those
without the ability to raise an army to attack their
rivals (or defend themselves), or for those who prefer,
as do many denizens of the Dark Medieval, to remain
cloaked in the shadows and nameless to their foes,
plenty of options are simp
subtle than open war.

Assassination

It is often said, usually in haughty, condescending or
horrified tones, that assassination is nothing but the tool of
cowards and weaklings. Only the lowest of the low could
possibly stoopso faras tohire others to perform murderin the
shadows rather than face their adversaries openly.

, easier and far more

Of course, most who speak thus never had to work
for their positions of power, have the advantage of a

Along those same lines, one additional head-
ache Storytellers may have to deal with is the player
who turns these techniques on the other characters.
If you're running a chronicle in which intracharacter
rivalries are encouraged (or at least tolerated), this is
perfectly acceptable. Many players and Storytellers
prefer an environment of cooperation between char-
acters, however. The techniques provided here are
subtle, secret — and often untraceable in-character,
meaning that even though a player may know that
herfellow gamer was responsible for the recent supply
problems in her territory, her character has no way of
knowing who is at fault. This can lead, if left un-
checked, to frustration and even ill will between
players, all to the detriment of the chronicle and
everyone's enjoyment of the game.

With as light a touch as possible, the Story-
tellershould make itclearwhen this material is first
introduced whether or not, and to what degree, he
considers it acceptable for use against other player
characters. A preemptive discussion should head
off most such problems before they arise. If they
don't, it shouldn't be too hard for the Storyteller to
arrange fgr the perpetrator's name to
tally" fall into the victim's hands, at which point he
may simply allow the rest of the group to deal with
the offending character.

"acciden-

sizable army supporting them or else denounce such
practices primarily to distract others from their own
assassins. Those inhabitants of the Dark Medieval
who seek to tear down their rivals or to protect what's
theirs without the sound and fury of open war know
full well that the careful and precise elimination of
pecific targets is not merely an acceptable practice
but is often the single most effective means of crip-
pling the enemy.

A PBublic Demise

Most people, even the wi
think of assassination as a secret, private thing. Be-
cause murder is something best performed in the dark,
it never occurs to them that, at times, a public killing
is better suited to their needs. When the motive
behind an assassination is to send a message or to stir
up public disorder (see below), one might very well
want that sination performed in front of wit-
nesses, where it will have the most impact. This
technique is most frequently employed against the
leaders or figureheads of various movements or orga-
nizations. Because he and his followers pose a threat to
the childer of the torpid Tzimisce Prince Razkoljna,

est of tacticians, tend to

—- "SPOMS-OF WAR .
" > 2 > —


the Brujah Yitzhak ben Avraham, an Ashen Rabbi in
Krakow, Poland, has had no fewer than three public
sination attempts on his unlife. His enemies hope
that his Final Death before the eyes of his followers
will frighten them away from continuing his work
once he's gone.

assai

Of course, slaying a popular figure in public is as
likely to birth a martyr as to destroy an organization,
but a large number of powerful individuals are willing
to take that chance.

Not every public killing is directed at someone
openly involved with such a movement. During the
sporadic conflict that has flared in Greece between a
cabal of Old Faith witches and inquisitors from across
the channel in Italy, the mage Kristatos made ruthless
use of this technique in the town of Arta by ordering
an Orthodox priest slaughtered in front of his own
congregation. A group of inquisitors had but recently
arrived in search of Kristatos and his companions. The
execution of the priest was meant both as a message to
the inquisitors and to turn the townsfolk against
them; they were, after all, the only newcomers to
arrive in the days preceding the murder of their
beloved Father. Kristatos got his message across in a
way that a quiet, secretive operation could not.

Uses of Assassination

While an enormous number of assassinations are
politically motivated, the truth is that nearly as many
reasons exist for assassination as methods of doing so.
It's always possible, of course, for a rich or powerful
individual to have a rival assassinated for purely per-
sonal reasons. Here, however, we focus primarily on
those motivations that have more concrete benefits in
a character's quest for power.

Removing or Disrupting
the Opposition

Perhaps the most obvious and the most common
purpose behind < ination, the objective here is to
remove a particular rival from the field, either an
actual battlefield or a political one. In many cases, the
individual responsible for arranging the assassination
considers the target her only true enemy and believes
that anyone who might step forward to replace him
will most certainly lack the target's ability to harm
her. During the Ventrue Jiirgen the Swordbearer's
attempted invasion of Eastern Europe and the Tzimisce
territories, he and voivode Vladimir Rustovitch at-
tempted to assassinate one another on numerous
occasions. Jiirgen firmly believed that the Tzimisce
resistance, fractionalized and disorganized as it was,
would disintegrate without the voivode of voivodes to

hold it together. Rustovitch was equally convinced
that the invasion, which was really little more than
Jiirgen's pet project, would falter and slow — if not
disappear outright — without the charismatic Ger-
man Ventrue. Whether either analysis was accurate
remains unknown, since neither Cainite succeeded in
having the other slain and the invasion eventually
failed due to other factors, but this still suggests the
impact the death of a single individual can have ona
large-scale conflict.

It is, at best, a tendency rather than an iron-clad
rule, but it's worth noting that this approach tends to
work better for the defender in a given conflict than
it does for the aggressor. Often, if a territory under
assault can manage the assassination of the attacker's
lord, the invasion — propelled by its leader's hunger
for power and charisma — falls apart. Should the
aggressors assassinate the leader of the besieged re-
gion, however, the result is often the creation of a
martyr, and a hundred men rising up to take the place
of the fallen. Again, this is by no means universal.
When the Tremere assaulted and ultimately destroyed
the Miskolc chantry during the Massasa War, it was
the death of their leader Jenica Bogdana that crushed
the local mages' will to fight. Still, more often than
not, it is the defenders who benefit most from the use
of assassination, primarily because the defenders have
more personally at stake if they should fail.

Of course, assassination of an enemy lord need
not wait until two sides are already in conflict. The
death of an ambitious leader can often forestall a
greater clash before it starts. By removing the voice
that most loudly calls for war, one may well remove
the impetus for that war — to say nothing of the
likelihood that the next leader to step forward to take
the dead one's place may well be too frightened for her
own life to follow in her predecessor's footsteps. Again,
the risk remains that by assassinating a warmongering
lord, one may turn him into a martyr, making his name
a rallying cry for others who feel as he did, but it's a
chance many are willing to take.

The Black Mountain pack, a vast extended family of
Shadow Lord werewolves with substantial territories
hidden among and between Cainite factions in the
Carpathian Mountain region, has developed preemp-
tive assassination into a veritable art form. Through a
combination of spiritual agents and paid spies, the Black
Mountain listens for any signs that a rival — local
vampire lord, outside tribe or even a competing pack
among the Shadow Lords — is suggesting even the
slightest move into their territory. Not long after such a
course of action is first proposed, the leader in question
is found brutally murdered. The Black Mountain never
leaves direct evidence that they were responsible, but

tn ae PS os, ee
NY d CS S\N
i Sino &) x mamas HAPTER TWO. ee ni? = |
> ay a POISONED QUILTS f 3


Brow TO MorALt

S ometimes the victim of an assassination
©) isn't actually the assassin's true tar
The death ofa ruler, military commander or other
public figure, particularly if the death is particu-
larly brutal, can have a crushing affect on the
enemy's morale. When they realize that the man
they were fighting for is dead, and that not even
their lord was safe from reprisal, many conscripted

peasants — the core of any army — desert. I
those who continue to fight are disheartened,
their efforts desultory because they feel the situa
tion hopeless.

The denizens of the Dark Medieval have
multiple techniques for making an assassination
as horrible as possible, for maximum impact on
morale. Mages can arrange a variety of hideous
accidents. Inquisitors are often experienced with
the infliction of unpleasant death. Cainites, how-
ever, have the ultimate threat for use when dealing
with their own.

Diablerie, theconsumption ofa fellow vampire's
soul, is considered by most to be the most hideous
crime imaginable. Only under very select circum-
iin varieties of duels, for instance,

stances — cer'

and in the eyes of a few Cainite organizations or
factions such as the Amici Noctis, the ruling council
of Clan Lasombra
acceptabl
field is practically inconceivable, which makes ita
perfect intimidation tactic forthose depraved enoug]

is diablerie even marginally
. Its use in assassinations or on the battle-

to engage in it. This is especially popular amor

scattered packs of neonates rebelling against the
rule of their elders. The mere rumor of a pack of
diabolistsissufficient, at times, to keep other Cainites
from entering the field of battle. More than one

elder has fallen to such a rogue band because all his

vampire servitors and even childer had already fled

after this happens two or three times, most potential
invaders get the message and decide to find their glory
and new territories elsewhere.

Finally, it's worth noting that the target of an
assassination need not be the leader of the rival
faction to have the desired affect. The death of the
general who planned the attack at the behest of his
lord, the military-minded advisor to the duke, the
seneschal who mediates between the local Cainites
and an overbearing prince —all these and many more
make for viable and valuable targets. Remember that
in many cases the lord ofa land may not even speak the
same language as his citizenry; entire reigns have come
and gone in which the King of England spoke only

French. If one can eliminate a lord's access to his best
military tacticians, even separate him from his own
people, his ability to present a viable threat vanishes.

Advancing One's Own Position

Assassination is not merely a means of protecting
what one has from outsiders or invading another's
territory without having to face him. It's also popular
as a means of advancing one's position at home. The
most obvious and most famous situation involves the
heir to land, title or crown arranging the death of his
own father, so that he might come more swiftly into
his inheritance. Plenty of other circumstances for
assassination exist, however, and not all of them need
involve royalty. A military officer who feels he hi
been denied a rank he has earned might arrange for his
superior to meet an untimely demise, on the assump-
tion that he will be promoted to take the man's place.
The best time for this is during war; if the situation
requires that someone step into the slain officer's
place immediately, less opportunity exists for either
an investigation or for an alternative replacement to
be located. (Of course, the death of a commanding
officer in the midst of battle can also throw an entire
army into disarray, but those ambitious and ruthless
enough to kill their own commanders usually believe
— correctly or not — that they can pull things
together once they take charge.)

Although less common, it is not unheard of for
members of the clergy to move up through murder as
well. The Church is a powerful institution, and many of
those who serve her are less concerned with God's glory
than their own. Assassination for advancement within
Church ranks is rarely detected, assuming the killer
makes at least some effort to cover his tracks. The
Church is simply ill-equipped to deal with this sort of
internal investigation — her inquisitors are normally on
the lookout for other things — and, frankly, few in the
clergy can comprehend that some among them are
capable of such acts. Those few inquisitors whodo watch
for internal corruption, particularly among the Oculi
Dei, are often so paranoid that they cannot tell the true
criminals from those innocents who merely draw the
wrong sort of attention.

One need not assassinate the person in power to
advance one's cause. More common even than the
killing of a king or lord by one of his sons is the death
of one son at the hands of a brother. A number of
nations make use of systems of inheritance that make
the elimination of one's siblings a highly attractive
option. (Wales is particularly infamous for this sort of
thing.) See the Inheritance section, below.

What works for the mortals, obviously, works for
the monsters as well. The attack that sent Razkoljna,

eae is a
i> yo 2 ; eee: —" ng owe
fi ant meee ——— +SPOHLSORWAR + ae 2S2,3+o—

SLEIGHT

A s mentioned above, more often than not
QOL murderisan intensely personal endeavor.
Spoils of War, however, is about destroying one's
enemies for power, territory or material gains and
about defending oneself from their attempts to do
the same. Personal motivations have little place in
That sai
personal and political become intertwined to the
point where they're difficult to Separate. A tacti-
cally minded character might cloak a pri

assassination in the guise of a political messa:

a work of this sort. occasionally the

Consider, for instance, what might happen if a
baron or other landed noble were to learn that the
family dwelling on the farm at the edge of his territory
included a "witch" —a mage —among their num-
ber. The baron may be tempted to force the
will-worker to serve him, under threat of exposing
hertothe Church, inciting the other peasantsagainst
the witch and in general making life unlivable for not
only the mage but her entire family. If the baron were
simply to drop dead the next week, there's no telling
what sort of investigation might be launched. If,
however, the baron is cut down in public, by an
assassin who "accidentally" leaves clues that he was
sent by the baron's rival, Lord Bristol, no investiga-
tion is required. Of course, sucha misdirection might
well lead to further conflict and even war, but it does
keep the mage's personal motivations hidden behind
a false political statement.

the Tzimisce Prince of Krakow, into torpor was or-
chestrated by one of her own childer, an attempt to
remove her so the childe might proceed to run Krakow
in his own manner.

The death of acompetitor can open opportunities
even for those not directly warring with one another.
Toward the end of the aforementioned Massasa War,
the Hermetic mage Petre Devanu became concerned
about Tremere movement into Russia, where he and
a number of his brethren had already been forced to
retreat. Only two other Hermetic chantries existed
between the Cainite forces and his own territori
The leaders of those two chantries, Dirzi
and Itka Petrilova, already had an alliance with one

au Ivanov

another and, due to personal conflicts in the past,
refused to broaden that alliance to include Petre's own
territories. Petre knew, based on the might of the
Tremere coteries in Russia, that the power of two
Hermetic chantries could likely survive the coming
attack, but one on its own could not.
His solution? He arranged for Ivanov ina-
tion. Ivanov's chantry was thrown into turmoil, and

OF HAND
On rare occasions, this tactic might be reverse
~ that is, a political or military assassination might
be disguised as something far less suspicious. This is
far more difficult to ute, however, as the death
of a public or powerful figure tends to draw suspi-
cions of conspiracy no matter how innocuous the
manner of passing.
Accidents are the single most common means
Of hiding an assassination. They can be difficult to
arrange — or at least to arrange realistically — but
they are quite effective when achieved. The num-
ber of kings, princes, dukes and lords who have died

A flash of

movement in the woods, an arrow loosed before the

due to hunting accidents is staggering
target is seen in full, and suddenly one has an empty
crown and an open throne. Perhaps instead the
wheel of a coach comes loose at just the wrong spot
ona treacherous mountain path. Again, difficult to
manage, but nigh untraceable.

Many characters have exceptional means of
orchestrating these mishaps. Cainites can subtly
influence the actions of others, causing that deadly
arrow to spring from a bow held by someone above
reproach or suspicion. Werewolves have little
trouble in making it appear as though their target
were slaintby a wild animal — as, in effect, he was.
Mages, of course, specialize in "accidents," causing
even the most unlikely sequence of events to result
in the death of the target.

Petrilova, suddenly lacking her only ally, was more
than happy to reconsider her relations with Petre. By
sinating the leader of a rival — but not enemy —
faction, Petre maneuvered his own chantry into
position where he could survive the coming battles.
Tonight, his chantry still poses a lethal threat to
Tremere efforts in southwestern Russia.

as

Assassinating One's Own Allies

It seems a particularly ruthless, even despicable,
nique, but the assassination of one's own com-
panions or allies can occasionally provide more
valuable opportunities than the allies themselves. For
rather obvious reasons, this is not the sort of activity
one should undertake frequently, and it should be
done only in the most secretive manner possible. Even
Cainites tend to frown on those who casually dispose
and one who makes a practice
pect to find himself alone in the face

te

of their own associates
of betrayal can e:
of a large number of enemies.

Why, then, would one consic¢
What is to be gained?

such a thing?

Eee sei RN SN
+ CHAPTER TWO +
+ POISORE On

oT


+

The most frequently cited reason for slaying an
ally is self-protection. It is, after all, to be expected
that one's companions — perhaps even coconspira-
tors — will learn a great deal about one's activities.
Normally, allies who know enough to harm one an-
other by revealing their activities are prevented from
doing so by bonds of trust, friendship or at least
enlightened self-interest. When such a relationship
breaks down — perhaps one of the involved parties
decides she has more to gain through betrayal than she
has to lose through exposure, or perhaps one of them
simply grows too paranoid even to accept the risk of
exposure — precious few options are available. Most
denizens of the Dark Medieval do not have the ability
to remove the knowledge of their activities from their
former allies' minds, and even those who do know that
such powers are notoriously unreliable in the long run.
The death of the other party, however, ensures (bar-
ring the practice of some sort of spirit magic) that the
knowledge dies with him.

In a similar vein, the death of an ally whose
usefulness has passed can often relieve one of incon-
venient obligations. This is nota particularly effective
way out of debt — it never looks good when all one's
creditors begin dropping dead — but it can be effec-
tive in thinning the herd, so to speak. The Ventrue
Geoffrey, Prince of Paris and head of the Grand Court,
made many bargains, promises and alliances to gain
the backing necessary to overthrow his sire, Alexander.
Now, less than a decade later, the inexperienced
prince has proven unable to fulfill all those obligations
properly. In recent nights, some few of those Cainites
whose aid he beseeched have disappeared from their
normal hunting grounds and court circles. So far,
none of those to disappear has been of particular
import, and the chance remains that their absences
are coincidental, but it seems likely that Geoffrey is
clearing away some of his more expendable creditors
so that he may focus on the important ones.

Finally, for the truly black-hearted, the assassina-
tion of one's own allies can provide substantial public
and political support. Suppose, for instance, that two
characters have a common enemy, a powerful lord
with many allies, feared by the commoners who labor
on his lands. The allied characters are popular with
the people, but the citizens are too frightened to rise
up in support.

One evening, as he is addressing the public, one
ally is brutally murdered, his killer proudly proclaim-
ing that this is the fate of all who would speak out
against his lord. The people are enraged; fear of their
lord turns to anger. The other character's own sup-
porters grow innumber. Allies of the lord begin to drift
away from him as they realize his hold on power is
suddenly threatened.

>, fm eee
359) 292 SS Se + SPOILS

Of course, the lord was not responsible for the first
character's death; his own ally, the second character, was.
Yet look what he has gained by eliminating his companion.

Such deceptions can easily miscarry. Should the
truth ever arise that he, not his rival, arranged the
assassination, the backlash will likely strip all support
from him and strengthen his enemy beyond his previ-
ous levels. This sort of endeavor should be undertaken
only by those who are supremely confident in their
planning and their ability to keep the truth hidden.

Because the purpose is often to stir up public
outrage, this type of assassination is often best accom-
plished in public; see A Public Demise, p. 54.

Self-Assassination

Uncommon in the extreme, but still worth men-
tioning, this is a technique to which the supernatural
creatures of the world are uniquely suited. Cainites
and Garou in particular — but inquisitors and mages
toa lesser extent —are capable of faking, surviving or
even ignoring injuries that would spell instant death
to normal mortals. It is a matter of no difficulty to
arrange one's own public murder. This is not only an
effective way of dropping out of sight and starting over
elsewhere (if, for instance, one is about to be con-
quered by an enemy against whom one has no other
defense), it can also throw one's enemies into disar-
ray. For rather obvious reasons, people do not often
prepare to defend themselves against foes who are
already dead.

Particularly clever characters may turn this to
their advantage even if they themselves didn't plan it.
The a ination attempt might well be a real one,
arranged by one's enemies, rather than a fake. Even in
such cases, it's not complicated to let the assassin
believe he's succeeded. Cainites are especially suited
for this, as they lack a heartbeat or other signs that
would belie the deception.

A warning: Attempt this only with public assassi-
nation attempts. Not only is it less useful if people
don't know one is "dead," but one runs the risk that the
assassin may attempt to remove one's head, set one's
body afire or otherwise ensure his suc

Repercussions

For characters considering assassination as a vi-
able course of action, it's worth taking a moment to
dwell on the potential repercussions of that decision.
Presumably, if one is considering having someone
killed, one has already dismissed any spiritual or moral
dangers, but that still leaves several practical risks,
most of which revolve not around the character her-
self, but around the


The most obvious risk involves discovery. One of
the points in hiring an assassin, after all, is that one
need not take the risk of being caught oneself. Should
the assassin be captured and interrogated, however,
the enemy can discover all manner of damaging infor-
mation. This can lead to counter-assassination
attempts, open war or something so simple and yet so
potentially damaging as the public exposure of the
assassin's employer.

For that matter, the sin himself may prove a
hazard if he decides sufficient profit can be made in
blackmailing his former employer. Given the option of
paying a sizable sum or allowing the allies of one's victim
to learn who was truly responsible for a murder, many
choose to pay. This danger can be mitigated somewhat
by acareful selection of the assassin. Certain groups, such
as the Assamites, abide by codes of professional behavior
that forbid extortion of former employers.

Because so many of the dangers are posed by the
assassin, some maintain that the elimination of the
assassin himself is the best protection. This, however,
requires either the employ of a second assassin or that
one take the risk of attempting to kill a trained killer
— not conducive to a long life. Furthermore, those
who develop a reputation for slaughtering their em-
ployees find, at best, that no one is willing to work for
them. At worst, they find themselves targeted by
other a ins in retaliation.

Poisoning

In the Dark Medieval, disposing of one's enemy
can be a difficult proposition. What if a knight wants
to murder a baron but owes fealty to him? Leaving a
dagger buried in the baron's back is a sure way to
attract undue attention. How could a character go
about murdering a member of his own family? Or
execute a neighboring lord who the character hap-
pens to be (unfortunately) allied with? Sometimes
family, politics or social expectations prevent an indi-
vidual from haphazardly waging war against another
kingdom, and on top of that, war is messy. Removing
one duke from his tower may require a hundred men
to give their lives. So what other option is there?
Murder? Murder is a crime punishable by torture and
death. That doesn't mean it can't be done, of course,
only that subtlety is the best course of action. To wit,
men have created the art of poisoning. It is the craft of
contaminating an opponent's mutton, mead or suit of
armor. The characteristics of poisoning mimic the
depredations of disease, and few are able to distinguish
the difference between the "murdered" and the "ill" in
this case. As such, the act of poisoning often goes
unpunished, which is precisely the point. A character

Be

might have many reasons to consider poisoning her
enemies instead of murdering them or warring with
them outright.

Murder: Perhaps the number one reason one
would poison another in the Dark Medieval world is
murder. An inquisitor getting too inquisitive? A char-
acter might slip a little belladonna (also called
"nightshade") into the communion wine. Is the Dane
Duke of Schleswig instigating aggressive land-expan-
sion tactics? Perhaps a tincture of arsenic in his rack of
lamb will send him to an early grave. Maybe that old
magician from Glastonbury has been casting dark
charms on a Cainite's blood slaves to weaken his food
supply. The vampire may know that the pits of plums,
cherries, even apple seeds contain a poison that could
decorate an arrow tip, or could taint a needle sewn
into the wizard's robes so when he slips it over his
shoulders he doesn't even know when it pierces him in
the fatty parts of his back. The desired end of poison-
ing is typically to remove roadblocks to power. It is
silent, can be done from afar, and is virtually untrace-
able. One might say that in this dark era, it's an ideal
murder weapon.

Weakness: Poisons need not be for murderous
purposes. Their uses are manifold, and one of these
uses is to make one weak. Why is this an advantage?
Weak individuals (especially those in power) are
easier to manipulate. If one appears physically sick or
of diminished constitution, one's resistance levels
drop to outside manipulation (be it mundane or mys-
tical). If Ranulf, the Earl of Chester, wishes to build
Greyfriars Church on land that a resourceful young
Cainite wishes to use for other purposes, perhaps
paring down his fiery dedication to the cause is worth
a look. Or perhaps he merely needs to be a little more
pliable so mind control works more readily upon him.
Regardless, if he is weakened then he may need
someone to step in and make crucial decisions. It may
provide a crucial opportunity toallow an irony-minded
Cainite to develop a set of stained-glass windows in
the Greyfriars Church that detail Caine's encounters
with the angels instead of Jesus on the Cross.

The question is, how can a character weaken
someone with poison? One means is administering
miniscule doses of otherwise lethal poisons. The leaves
of wolfsbane (also called monkshood) can be ground
up into a peppery substance. Taken in minimal quan-
tities, it produces a weakened state of health along
with symptoms of exhaustion and drunkenness. Opium,
too, causes such symptoms and gradually weakens the
victim by paralyzing the heart and lungs; with the
recent incursions from the East (Mongols, particu-
larly), the poppy-based drug is more accessible than
ever. In any event, most lethal poisons are lethal only


in certain doses. Anything smaller than that is likely
to reproduce frailty and sickness without death, and
from there crucial manipulations (and lapses in
judgment) may take place.

Madnes z physical weakness, ¢
mentioned above, where others may seek to create
mental weakness instead in the form of madness (or the

nce of madness). Why aim for this? Those who
ar mad are not seen with a sympathetic eye in the
Dark Medieval world. They are spoken of with hushed
tones in dark corners: "That one has fallen prey to the
Devil, he has." There is no "therapy" to speak of; lunacy
results in the victim being locked up in a dungeon, bled
or burne e in the Piazza del Signoria. Whe the
case, the enemy is removed. Even if he isn't displaced
and the signs of insanity are dimmer than expected,
vassals and followers still lose faith in their lord ifhe "sees
out of the corners of his eyes or walks around
mumbling responses to "the voices." Multiple poisons
exist that will ameliorate madness. Henbane is one.
f this plant is crushed to a powder and introduced
am, it produces temptatmentum,
ymptoms of madness." It creates frenzied
rages in the victim, even so far as to have him
frothing at the lips. Some mushrooms, too, can
wreck a man's brain. The amanita mushrooms
(known for their white gills and bumpy caps)
can killa man if ingested whole, but the milky

sap that fills their hollow stems and spor

ernarvon, |
stumbling block in convincing the k
Caermarthenshire to house Trowbridge'
collection of "sensitive relics," and
that was the baron's adviser, Ifor.
) Trowbridge poisoned him
with henbane. Not only
did the baron cease to
trust his once-gifted
advisor, but he com-
manded Welsh
chirurgeons to
perform theact
of trepanning
on the man,
where a hole
is drilled in

»
N i]

i

*SPOKS:OPWAR -

SS


the skull to expose the brain to the healing element of
"air." Needless to say, Trowbridge's path was clear once
the advisor was left a gibbering vegetable.

Mystical Poisons

Poisons affect those with mortal constitutions.
The average mortal, from vassal to king, from monk to
pope, is vulnerable to toxins and venoms. Other
supernatural beings, too, can be affected; mages are
very much human, as are inquisitors, and their health
be diminished by a skilled poisoner. What about two
of the more stalwart denizens of the Dark Medieval,
the vampire and the werewolf?

Cainites are undead, so poisons don't make much
difference if administered in the standard ways (food,
drink, clothes, arrows). If a Cainite drinks the blood of
a poisoned individual, however, she may experience
negative side effects. Theamanita mushroom ina person's
blood causes hallucinations (both auditory and visual)
ina vampire. Hemlock in the blood also adversely affects
Cainites. It causes a deep, spreading numbness that,
while it may allow them to ignore wounds fora time, also
slows them significantly to the point of having difficulty
even accessing their own Disciplines. Of course, per-
suading a Cainite to drink the blood of the poisoned is
a chore in and of itself. After all, what self-respecting
vampire would drink from the sick or mentally ill?

A character might circumvent this problem by
poisoning a vampire's herd of mortals with a toxin that
doesn't reveal itself immediately. It issaid that Nevar the
Night-Wielder (a Shadow Lord werewolf) poisoned the
herd of a Moorish Lasombra during the Festival of San
Fermin with a slow-acting poison called bittersweet.

SYSTEM

The act of poisoning, and all itencompasses,
can be distilled down to a few simple systems.'
Identifying poisons requires a Perception + Medi-
cine roll (difficulty 7). Administering the poisons »
can be done with an Intelligence + Medicine roll,
with the difficulty contingent upon. where the
poison is being placed. (Placing poison in food,
might be difficulty 6, placing it-in a suit of armor
might be 7, and actually administering it to an
unknowing person through a puncturing of flesh
would be 8.) This may be combined with a
Stealth roll at the Storyteller's behest. Curing
poisons or locating antidates can also be done
through Perception + Medicine (for locating
antidotes) and Intelligence + Medicine (for ap-
plying the antidote). Please see Dark Ages:
Vampire, p. 257, for more information on poi-
‘sons in the Dark Medieval. -

>

The Cainite imbibed the herd's blood as usual, but the
poison acted slowly. Come the next evening, the herd
died, hemorrhaging out of mouth and eye, and the
Cainite found that their vitae burned inside him and
wouldn't fuel his Disciplines. It wouldn't even purge
from his system without many days of sleep (by which
time the pack had tracked down his haven and was
already breaking in the door).

Werewolves are an entirely different matter. They
are alive but have such vitality that even the strongest
poisons last only an hour or two before their bodies purge
them. That doesn't mean it's impossible to poison a
Garou, it's just extraordinarily difficult. Some poisons,
properly prepared, have properties that will harm a
werewolf. One of these is wolfsbane. Prepared by a
skilled herbalist, this plant burns a werewolf's bilious
humors from the inside, tearing at his innards like hot
metal, but only if ingested. Henbane, on the other hand,
doesn't harm werewolves directly, but does incite their
Rage, putting them ina violent, uncontrollable state for
a short time. This might be perfect for characters who
wish to make an otherwise calm Garou (one in negotia-
tions for an alliance that the character does not wish to
occur, perhaps) seem like an untrustworthy monster.

It is also said that mages of the Spirit-Talkers are
capable of "awakening" the properties of almost any
plant with supernatural alchemy, and that many of
these plants contain shadowy properties that act as
strange poisons, sometimes causing hemorrhaging,
vomiting, the drying and splitting of skin or even
permanent madness.

Antidvotes

While poisons can be used as weapons, they can
also be used as a form of twisted blackmail. A Cainite
looking to manipulate a member of the mortal nobil-
ity without the use of potentially fallible mind control
could poison said noble and then offer the antidote.
Antidotes to poisons are becoming available in this
day and age, but to a select few only. For instance, the
terrible madness caused by the amanita mushroom can
be counteracted by small doses of belladonna. A
character could easily offer the antidote in the bar-
gaining process. He could request land, safe passage,
wealth or merely the promise of a future "favor" by
saving the life of the poisoned noble. Not only does
the noble get to live, but the Cainite has then shown
his mastery over life and death, which is always a
frightening display of power.

One poison often has multiple antidotes. Some
are certain to work, others are purely superstitious in
nature. While every supposedly poison has an anti-
dote, the only people likely to have catalogued these

a a = at ae
PN Ye I S\N
eS CHAPTER TWO A Len (2 = |
~ x a CISONED OUI £& nc"

f


UNCONVENTIONAL POISONS

ties know the art of poisoning. In fact,
more often than not, laymen have only
their superstitions as evidence when attempting
to poison one another. ‘As such, they turn to

some rather unconyentional "poisons," most of

which have little to no effect. Some of these
include menstrual blood, crow's blood, hair from
a foxtail soaked in brine, baby animals that were
forcibly stung to death by hornets, grave dirt or
the fecal droppings of mice and rats. These
asionally spread disease (es-

pecially in the case of the blood or fecal matter),

but more often than not wouldn't poison a fly,
unless treated magically.

are either the "doctors" of the time or professional
poisoners (and such a profession does exist). If a
character isn't able to learn the true antidote to his
affliction, men on the streets are always selling sure-
fire "cure-alls" to counteract toxins. Amulets, rings,
talismans ... all are available, sold by charlatans to
help counter poisons and disease. The truth is that
they don't work, unless of course an actual wizard
crafted them, and the chances of that are slim. Other
strange "cures" come in the form of bezoar stones.
These stones are nothing more than the cemented
collection of hair and other biological matter found in
the stomachs of stags and foxes. These "magical stones"
are thought to draw out poisons if rubbed on the skin
or lips of a dying man. Again, unless somehow en-
chanted by a mage, these stones are ultimately useless
(though expensive).

Administering Poison

Obtaining poisons (if a character knows what to
look for) isn't difficult. Poisons grow everywhere. Poi-
soners, alchemists and doctors sell such items for the
right price. The difficulty is less about obtaining poisons
and more about administering them.

Food and drink are one of the primary methods of
delivery. Crafty poisoners use either spicy or pungent
food along with wine or ale. This way, the strong tastes
of the meal overpower any possible taste of the poison.
The question then is, how willa character slip it into the
food? A poisoner may do her own dirty work, go to the
kitchens and (for instance) pepper the food with ground-
up henbane. She could pay (or, if possible, manipulate
the mind of) a kitchen servant or scullery maid to help
in the process. One of the problems, however, with
poisoning someone's food is a new servant position
known as a "taster." This servant's single job is to taste

every meal and every drink before it ever passes before
the noble. That way, if the servant drops dead, the noble
will know his food is toxic. Luckily (for the poisoner),
only the wealthiest of lords are able to afford and cajole
men into the position of taster. Another way around the
"taster" servantis to poison the noble's tableware instead
of the food. Forks and knives tainted with a tincture of
poison might do the trick nicely.

Other means exist, beyond food and drink, to
poison someone. Needles sewn into clothes, or placed
in armor, can be dipped in a particular poison. (A
group of necromancers of the Old Faith murdered
dozens with a small needle dipped in a compound
poison of digitalis (foxglove) and monkshood. The
needle was placed in the toes of victim's shoes, where
they couldn't feel the prick through their callused
skin.) Bouquets of flowers can even be poisoned —
whena victim inhales deeply of the flower's scent, she
pulls a powdered toxin into her lungs. Arguably, if
clever enough, a poisoner could taint any item, in-
cluding ladders, well buckets, Bibles and even religious
relics. Many poisoners are actually capable of invent-
ing these methods on the fly, keeping potential poisons
with them in what was called a "poison ring." This
ornamental ring's jewel piece could be snapped open,
and inside the small opening a poisonous mixture
could be held, ready and waiting for the opportunity
to murder or sicken an adversary.

Disease

In the Dark Medieval, disease is a widespread,
uncontrollable monster: leprosy, cholera, typhoid, a
half-dozen different plagues (the bubonic or "Black
Death," the pneumonic, the enteric), even the common
cold. Medicine is a concoction of brutal guesswork that
may involve bloodletting, sawing off the "sickened"
limb or conjuring some herbal cure straight from the
pages of folklore, which makes even the smallest infec-
tion a life-threatening event. Nobody has a concept of
"germs," no proof where diseases come from. Are they a
curse from God? A trap sprung upon mankind from the
Devil? Both theories, and many others, seem viable.

Some doctors have a base understanding from the
Greeks that disease is a natural phenomenon, not a
cosmic one, and affects the body's four "humors" (blood,
phlegm, black bile, yellow bile) in different ways. From
these individuals comes the knowledge that indeed
these plagues can be cured or at least controlled.

Some are capable of twisting the idea, however.
Curing disease may not be possible, but controlling it
—and using it as a weapon — is. If poison is a bow and
arrow, however, disease is a catapult and boulder.
Poison is precise and silent, easily manageable by the

ms Ee ror TRE 7"
> Peas, SS A a ©) \ y@Ns
S694 SS SET -SPOKLSOFWAR - = = 333( 4

wielder. Disease is rarely precise. If used as a weapon,
it is hardly confinable and is capable of felling foe and
friend alike. The character can not "aim" the Black
Death to sicken only those he opposes; the best he can
do is warn allies ahead of time that perhaps

woman warned of a coming disease" and hope they
take the hint and go out of town on pilgrimage.

Pestilential Warfare

Disease in the Dark Medieval is unpleasant and
uncontrollable. Why would anyone even attempt to
use it as a weapon? What motives lie behind attempt-
ing to use a plague to decimate one's enemies?

THE BIG
few major diseases are responsible for
the majority of death in 1230. These
diseases are vast, conquering sicknesses, capable
of sweeping entire villages off the map in the
span of a few weeks or months. Others are less
deadly and instead leave the victims trapped in
ruined shells of skin and bone. While literally
hundreds of maladies exist in Dark Medieval
Europe, these are a few of the major onés:
Bubonic Plague: Also known as the "Black
Death," this disease has the proud distinction of

being the biggest, deadliest plague to have ev
sickened the world. Its darknessspanned almost a

millennium, popping up. everywhere, sometimes
killing a single town, other times sweeping across
and murdering millions (as it may have in the sixth
century, and does again in the mid-14th century).
Spread by fleas on the backs of rats and "plague
dogs," the Black Death afflicts its victims with gory
handiwork. irst come the nausea, ac hes, chills,
fever. Then dark swellings appear under armpits,
on necks, over crotches that began to bulge and
darken from red to black. These pustules (or "bu-
boes") would split open and weep pus and blood.
Pneumonic Plague: Something of the little
sister to the bubonic plague, this disease»was a
massive spread of pneumonia, passed from person
to person by coughing, sneezing and other moist
transmissions. Pustules don't occur, but fever and
nausea soon accompany a hacking cough thatbrings
up blood from the lungs. Itstays in the body fora few
days before fatality, thus giving it time to spread.
Enteric Plague: This plague doesn't spread well,
because its lifespan is too short inside of the human
body. It kills the hosts too quickly, tearing up the
insides of the diseased, churning their guts intospongy,

Widespread Death and Panic

With disease, it's hard to kill just one person. A bit
of poison or a well placed crossbow bolt will make
quick work of an individual. What if a whole village or
barony is on a character's list of adversaries? Perhaps
a character wants to take (or just destroy) someone's
domain without ever having to raise a single sword?
Instead of the slash-and-burn technique, disease might
do the trick. The characteristics of the time allow for
quick and merciless plague transmission. Few mortals
are well nourished, even among the nobles. Sanita-
tion is poor. The water supply is often from a singl
source. Food stores are limited and rot quickly. All of

KILLERS

disintegrating waste. Similar to the Ebola virus seen in
the modern age, this disease is not a sweeping epi-
demic, but appears from time to time, decimating
households or densely populated towns.

Cholera: Cholera in the 13th century doesn't
exist at the pandemic levels it later grows to in the
19th, but during this time it is present in a form
commonly called the "Red Death" (later used in the
Poe story). The disease is thought to originate from
the Indian subcontinent and affects the wetter,
warmer regions to the south (Greece, Italy, Portu-
gal) rather than colder climates. It is a diarrheic
illness; the body flushes its fluids quickly through
the bowels, leaving the victim dehydrated and
wracked with shock. Death can occur in hours or
weeks. Cholera victims (along with victims of many
other rampant medieval diseases) are considered to
havea "disease of the sinner." The malady itself is
Viewed as a curse levied by God or Satan and is
indicative of the wickedness of the infected.

Leprosy: Leprosy is.a disease found in every town
in the Dark Medieval, notable because it lingers
without killing. Church and government worked to-
gether more than a century ago to establish a circuit of
leper colonies and hospitals covering all of Europe to
house those sad individuals affected by this illness.
Currently, France alone has more than 2,000 of these
leper colonies and seeks to build more. Lepers gain a
host ot cruel symptoms: damaged nerves, sensory loss
and confusion, major muscle weakness and the trade-
mark skin lesions. These lesions range from pink to
bruise-colgred and appear as rashes, hard nodules,
scaly skin Or other flesh disruptions. Eventually, gan-
gene sets in and literally begins to rot parts of the body
away, hence the image of a leper whose fingers and
toes begin dropping off.

SROISGNEDOUIET

——>


these detriments allow disease to decimate a popula-
tion. Even if it doesn't kill, it will certai
unparalleled panic while destroying morale, hope and
faith in short order. Plague pits must be dug, houses are
filled with ripe and rotting bodies, buildings must be
burned to the ground. Barons are forced to sit in their
towers and peer through arrow slits, wondering when
the sickness will creep under their door and snuff them
out like a candle's flame.

Ruin a Food Supply

Food is obviously necessary for survival, and so it
becomes a vulnerable resource. Destroy the food, help
destroy life. It's too difficult to n crops (and the
knowledge for that doesn't really exist), but animals,
including those kept as livestock, are vulnerable to
disease. Even if they don't die from it, it may be asickness
they can pass along to those who eat them.

Cainites have a similar problem. A Cainite's dinner
menu is restricted. People don't like to go out at night.
So when a Cainite finds a steady blood supply — |
local brothel or an inventory of
has safety and security in the form of blood. Disea
counters this quickly. If a Cainite's herd is brought low
by pestilence, not only is he unlikely to feed from them,
but eventually that herd will die, cutting short the
potential blood that he can drink. Bishop Berr
Rousch, a golden child of the Red Order, travels Europe
looking for those elements of society (vampires and
witches, mostly) who will not be summoned to the
courts. In his crusade against French Cainites, one of his
primary tactics is infecting vampire herds with pneu-
monic plague.

Weaken an Army

While the Sixth Crusade ended only a year past,
skirmishes of small armies constantly kick up blood and
dust across Europe, sometimes those instigated by the
Cainites or the Inquisition. When marshalling armies
against armies, it's always preferable to fight a weaker
enemy, but sometimes the adversary's
ger, perhapsin numberand in abili
weakens even the most terrible army. The eters
Marcella, a learned alchemist and follower of the Road
of Kings, read portents that her home of Tickhill would
be besieged by the superior army of a neighboring duke.
Unwilling to accept defeat, even at the hands of a much
larger army, Marcella sent a scribe to the duke's army to
me 16 an ineffectual plea bargain. Several knights mur-

i Marcella had expected. What the
army did not iow was that the scribe was a carrier of the
pneumonic plague, and by the time they marched on
Tickhill, they were already showing signs of illness

ght poorly and

Ol oo « Sec WAR =


Tickhill remained as it had been. (The gruesome post-
script is that the disease came back to haunt the town,
carried by the knights of the opposing army. In two short
weeks, most of Tickhill was dead or dying, and Marcella's
blood supply was significantly weakened.)

Lactics

Many reasons exist to use disease as a weapon, but
the question remains: How can one wield pestilence as
an implement of war without sickening oneself or one's
own allies?

A water supply is one means of spreading pestilence
quietly. Villages, even whole cities, usually pull their water
from one or two sources. Infect the water supply, and infect
those who drink from it. A character merely needs a plague
victim (not hard to find, sadly) and to weigh it down in the
river or hurl it in the well. Itwon't be long before people start
dying. With a plague, it truly takes only the infection of a
single victim to spread the disease. Not everyone, however,
was concerned about being stealthy. The Irish village of
Kilkenny nearly fell to the Black Death when a Malkavian
draggedaplague-infested body through thestreets (andeven
into individual homes) in a lunatic effort to show the
townsfolk how the Devil had encircled them all.

During warfare, other options exist. Siege technol-
ogy is reaching new heights at this time, and many are
advancing an idea that was used first during the
Peloponnesian War of the fifth century, which is to
throw plague bodies over the walls. Again, it takes only
one infection to cause pestilence to take root. Once the
castle or fortress is besieged by disease from within (and
by an army outside), it usually falls within a week.

Supernatural beings have their own waysand means
of attacking a populace with disease. One Cainite, a
Nosferatu by going by the moniker "Lucretia the Cess
Queen," is infamous for sampling the blood of every type
of disease victim she can find. Her lips, fangs, even her
blood teem with leprosy, plague, cholera. One bite, even
the barest nip, from Lucretia, and the victim ends up
afflicted by many cruel maladies.

Werewolves have their means of bringing disease to
bear. The Garou commune with spirits, and since every-
thing has some representation in the spirit world, the
werewolves can quite literally converse with the invis-
ible agents of disease. They can convince these spirits to
attack a population, or they can negotiate for the with-
drawal of such pestilence

Mages can conjure an epidemic out of thin air.
Using their magics, they can also defend from (or
sometimes cure) such hideousafflictions. Unfortunately,
mages do not have the physical defense that the Cainites
and Garou maintain. The wizards are all too human and
as such are ultimately vulnerable to the very same

THRE a or
a tee 6 = eee NG Ror ne SS See
ona x = a SEROISON uit = 2D, SS :

>=

plagues that the rest of the Dark Medieval world is
infected with.

Finally, inquisitors are unlikely to consider or use
disease as a weapon in war. Plague is a weapon of the
Devil, and no member of the Church would willingly use
the Devil's weapon, even if used against the Devil
himself. If, however, the Inquisition felt that an entire
region was under the influence of the Adversary, some
of the more fanatical and militant members of the
organization might well advocate unleashing the forces
of disease on the area. God knows His own, after all.

Smear Campaigns

The death of an adversary isn't always necessary, or
even productive. Sometimes a corpse would draw the
wrongsort of attention or put the wrong person in power;
sometimes an enemy offers more opportunity alive than
dead. Killing a rival's reputation can be just as effective,
without the messy aftermath.

Uses of aSmear Campaign

What can one hope to accomplish by destroying an
enemy's name and reputation? Certainly it brings a high
degree of personal satisfaction, but that's not sufficient
impetus for most characters to undertake the effort and
expend the resources a smear campaign requires. Fortu-
nately — or perhaps unfortunately, depending on which
side of the campaign one ison—dragging one's foe through
the proverbial mud provides plenty of other benefits.

Weakening aBival's Position

A noble, lord, community leader, churchman or
anyone else in a position of authority is absolutely

Oops

J t's important to remember that disease
@ isn't an obedient weapon. Infect an
adversarial duke and duchess? Great. If they
infect their whole ‘servile staff? No problem
Even if the disease goes on to afflict the whole
of their duchy, that's fing, as it's all the easier to
claim the domain When all that remain are
corpses. It doesn't necessarily stop there. One
plague victim dan go to the next town, the next
barony or your charactér's barony. Then the
little "weapon" has become an epidemic that is

carelessly wiping the whole slate clean. It's
theorized that the Tartar siege of the city of
Kaffa, whe:
over walls, was the impetus behind the sweep-
ing deaths of more than twenty-five million

> plague bodies were catapulted

Europeans. Oops, indeed.

Lgoamesis:


dependent on the commoners over whom he rules. It
doesn't matter if the peasants love him or hate him —
and many examples of both extremes exist — as long as
the people do what they're told. Without his serfs and
vassal farmers, a landholder has no crops to tax. Without
peasants to conscript, lords have no armies to fend off
their neighbors or aid their kings when called to fight.
Most common folk are unwilling to overtly defy or turn
against their lord, no matter how badly they think of
him. Their efforts on his behalf may prove halfhearted,
however. If they are convinced their lord is wicked, cruel
or incompetent, they may hide crops and profits from his
assessors, fight poorly on his behalf or desert entirely,
even sabotage his operations or — when they can get
away with it — kill his agents and tax collectors. In and
of itself, this is insufficient to remove the target from
power; while a lord's strength rests partially with his
subjects, they don't have the authority to remove him,
except in the very rare cases of those small villages in
which the local reeve or mayor is chosen by the citizenry.
To be effective, however, a smear campaign need not
remove the subject from power, but merely weaken his
authority. In the face of invasion, or even a political
attempt to seize power from within his own territory, a
lord may find that the full cooperation of his citizens can
spell the difference between victory and defeat.

The truly successful smear campaign might even
lead to open revolt by the peasantry. This requires
substantial planning and the placement of agitators
within enemy territory, people to fan the flames of
rumor and resentment into violence. Most peasants
are terrified, and rightly so, of their lord. Even with the
best efforts, a rebellion can likely be provoked only
under the worst of leaders, those whom the peasants
would hate even without one's own efforts at smearing
theirnames. Still, when circumstances allow, one can
remove one's enemy from power without the need for
direct military action.

As a side note, even nobles sometimes need
money and borrow capital from moneylenders, other
nobles and institutions. Many of these are willing to
extend credit indefinitely to a lord with a good repu-
tation. When that reputation begins to suffer, those
he owes often panic. The victim of a good smear
campaign, in addition to finding his power base weak-
ened among the populace, may well find many or even
all of his outstanding debts called in at once. Even if
this doesn't break him, it's almost certain to leave him
with insufficient operating capital to manage his hold-
ings properly — or to defend them.

Making and Vreaking Alliances

The smearing of someone's name need not serve
as the prelude to war or invasion. Sometimes the goal

‘_

is to devalue the target in the eyes of a particular
individual. If one's enemy enjoys powerful alliances, it
may be possible to shatter those relations by convinc-
ing the allies that their companion is unworthy of
their attention.

For instance, the city of Jerusalem has two claim-
ants to the princedom, the Salubri Qawiyya
el-Ghaduba, the true power in the region, and the
Ventrue Lucius Trebius Rufus, a political figurehead
who seeks to be more. Despite their competing ambi-
tions, the two Cainites havea cooperative relationship,
neither seeking to depose or eliminate the other. One
reason for that cooperation is a common enemy, the
Ravnos Varsik. In recent nights, Varsik — utilizing
both his own impressive powers of illusion and his
more mundane (but no less impressive) skills of per-
suasion and deception — has been spreading rumors
of el-Ghaduba's fall from grace. Throughout the
Cainite population of Jerusalem and its surroundings,
hushed whispers claim that the Salubri has grown mad
with power, that she has become the soul-devouring
monster the Tremere accuse her clanmates of being,
that she will soon threaten the sanctity of the Diet of
Olives—the treaty that ensures peace between Chris-
tian and Muslim Cainites in the region.

It's all a lie, of course. But if Rufus can be con-
vinced, his alliance with el-Ghaduba will crumble,
possibly erupting in open war — leaving Varsik free to
do as he will, unimpeded by the cooperation of his
greatest foes.

Although less common, the destruction of
someone's good name can be used to cement an
alliance, rather than to shatter one. A lord who finds
power slipping through his fingers as his citizens and
his fellow nobles curse his name and shun his presence
knows he's in a precarious situation. He lacks a loyal,
determined army to ward off invasion. He lacks politi-
cal allies who might support him in his weakness.

It might seem counterproductive to destroy, or
even weaken, the reputation of someone with whom
one desires an alliance, but it is an effective way of
forcing him to accept such a proposal. A lord in this
position cannot afford to be choosy. Circumstances
dictate that he accept nearly any offer of alliance that
comes his way, even if the alliance is far more benefi-
cial for the other party than it is for him.

Civil Unrest as Cover

As mentioned above, it is occasionally possible to
incite riots, uprisings and other convenient forms of
civil unrest and violence by turning a local populace
against those in authority. Certainly useful if one
seeks to overthrow the current lord, yes, but civil

ON am OK. SS a eal a
yn apn ae Sa: 5 EN Crome = Sz, tt
s 7 sy & ONSFOP WAR a Pa

unrest and violence serve as a wonderful cover for
other, unrelated activities. The increase in corpses
that invariably follows from a gathering of Cainites
can be hidden in the piles of dead resulting from such
riots. The deliberate murder of a few select victims can
go unnoticed when surrounded by widespread vio-
lence; it's much like hiding a leaf in a forest or a book
ina library. Finally, ifa pack, coterie or other group of
characters needs to escape from a region undetected,
the chaos of an uprising provides the perfect opportu-
nity to disappear. By the time anyone realizes that
they are not among the dead, they'll be long gone —
assuming anyone even bothers to check.

Means and Methods

The peasants and even most lords of the Dark
Medieval are illiterate, so passing out bills and leaflets
proclaiming a ruler unfit is foolish (even if one had the
means to do so). Plenty of methods exist, however, to
spread word of a rival's incompetence or wickedness
— true or false — that do not rely on the audience's
ability to read.

Ballads, Tales andRumors

Life in the 13th century is hard, and people are
hungry for diversion and entertainment at every op-
portunity. As xenophobic as the citizenry usually is, a
traveling storyteller or troubadour can be a welcome
visitor to a town, provided he minds his manners and
stays well away from the women. While every town
boasts a denizen or two with some musical or oratory
skill, a professional entertainer can provide the citi-
zens with a few nights of quality entertainment.

The traveling storyteller is more than just a means
of entertainment, however. He also serves as the only
source of news for many towns and even some far-
flung cities. The information he carries is more precious
than gold, more welcome even than his songs and
stories. He is, quite literally, the eyes and ears of many
of the communities on his route, and as such they are
blind and deaf without him.

Ifa troubadour comes to town, then, with news of
a lord's depredations; if his ballads and tales paint the
baron asa fool and a tyrant; if he whispers rumors that
the villagers' liege taxes them far more heavily than
other lords tax their own peasants.... When the
people hear this sort of thing from a minstrel they
know, they tend to believe it. Even when it isn't true.

For this to work, one must find a bard willing to
spread songs and tales ridiculing and undermining one's
rivals. It's all but impossible to coerce a wandering
storyteller into spreading such misinformation. The
nomadic nature of his existence means almost certainly

a i So eee = iy CO AN
<item —e t ER TN MO =~
of iy. TOU SS rs

that he will pass beyond the reach of all but the most
influential lords, making threats of physical harm rela-
tively ineffective. Most supernatural methods of
persuasion require constant reinforcement or reapplica-
tion; this, too, is difficult to accomplish in the face of the
subject's constant travels. Still, those few supernatural
means of control that last — the blood oath, for instance
— are viable options. Blackmailing the minstrel with
some past indiscretion may prove effective, if one can
discover something sufficiently damaging, as can threats
of reprisal against friends, family or holdings. Still, these
techniques aren't recommended; should the troubadour
ever free himself from one's influence, the damage he
can do by turning this same technique on his former
master is substantial.

Better by far to recruit the entertainer as a willing
agent. Few itinerant storytellers are wealthy. The offer
of patronage, the dream of artists of all stripe, is a
powerful incentive for cooperation. In exchange for a
modicum of money, the bard may prove willing to
spread whatever tales his new patron likes.

For troubadours who cannot be bought — or if
one lacks the resources to make long-term bribery an
option — one may simply try to convince the minstrel
that one's rival truly is vile, then let the minstrel
spread tales on his own. A few words whispered to the
bard, heard as "rumor," may do the job. If not, an
attack on the minstrel's person or his friends —
combined with false evidence that the intended vic-
tim of the tales and ballads is responsible — can start
even the most reticent of tongues to wagging, spread-
ing word of wickedness and villainy.

One may attempt to spread false rumors without
the use of a troubadour, obviously. Words whispered
in this tavern or that church have a way of making
their way throughout acommunity, if they're interest-
ing enough. Without a trusted source, such as the
aforementioned minstrel, these rumors are less likely
to be believed and will likely require more time to
spread. Nevertheless, properly cultivated, a rumor
with the ring of truth can slowly but surely erode
people's faith in their rulers.

The Big Lie

It'snot enough merely to portray a local lordas cruel
or corrupt; the peasants expect such things of their
leaders. If one is going to do true harm to one's rival, he
must be made to look bad in a way that directly impacts
the masses, or at least his fellow nobles.

The subject is aiding an invading force.

War and invasion are constant threats in the Dark
Medieval, and it's always the common man who suffers
the most. It's the peasants' homes that are destroyed,
their sons who are impressed into service, they who bear


SATIRE AND RIDICULE
J t's worth noting that laughter can be
2 almost as powerful as hatred and fea
Aost who would destroy a rival's reputation seek
to inspire hatred or contempt for their target
among his allies and the common folk. Particu-
larly clever and quick-witted individuals might
instead spread tales of their victim's follies and
foibles, or write ballads and plays mocking his
habits and policies
A lord who becomes a ingstock has lost
much of his authority. The peasants don't take
him seriously and thus don't take his orders seri-
ar their
own reputations may be tainted. For those accus-
tomed to being respected or feared, few things are

ously. His allies distance themselves for

more painful than being laughed at.

s aside benefit, a particularly despotic lord
might respond to a campaign of public satire and
humiliation by cracking down on the populace
with military foree —thus inspiring the hatred of
the masses and-doing even- more damage to his
own authority and credulity.

the burden of raised taxes to support the war effort. The
notion thata noble might side with —and possibly even
arrange for — an outside invasion is both frightening
and infuriating. Nor is it particularly farfetched; a minor
noble under one lord might well expect to be awarded a
higher position under a new ruler.

Even if the peasants en masse don't believe this
rumor, the chance exists that the target's brethren
among the nobility will hear of his "brewing treason"
and tend to him on their own.

The subject is plotting against the king (or other
local lord).

A close cousin to the previous rumor, this may not
inspire the commoners to rise up in revolt, but it's
guaranteed to damage the target's standing with his
fellows. Sometimes one doesn't even need evidence of
aconspiracy. So many reasons exist for plotting against
one's liege, and men in power are often so fearful and
paranoid to begin with, that the mere appearance of
treason may be sufficient to condemn the victim.
Should evidence be required, it's not hard to fabricate.
Testimony from a few properly bribed, threatened or
Dominated witnesses, a forged letter left where it will
be found and the "confession" of a fellow conspirator
are all easily arranged, and sufficient to tarnish even
the most sparkling reputation.

The grass is greener ....

Some of the most pervasive rumors are those
regarding the quality of life in neighboring regions.

People livingin hardship frequently believe that people
elsewhere have it easier; it's human nature. When
"common knowledge" confirms that belief — even in
the form of unsubstantiated rumors — the masses
grow sullen, resenting their lot in life and the lords
who keep them down. One isn't likely to inspire a
revolution in this manner; the peasants are accus-
tomed to being downtrodden. These rumors slowly
erode a lord's support, as his vassals begin withholding
crops and taxes, and begin deserting rather than
taking up arms against his enemies.

This tactic isn't limited to mortal populations.
Whispers circulate through Cainite communities of the
nigh-utopian domains controlled by younger vampires
who have cast off the shackles of their elders' laws, who
rule ina matter befitting the dignity of all Cainites, who
reward merit and ability rather than age and tradition.
Wise vampires dismiss these rumors as unfounded pro-
paganda, but in these chaotic nights, a growing number
of neonates choose to believe.

Our lord consorts with the Devil!

In this age of religious fervor and superstition, the
accusation of maleficium can destroy even society's
elite. Should there be proof of such accusations, other
nobles, the peasants and the Church are all likely to
step in and make life extremely difficult — and possi-
bly quite short — for the accused.

Such proof is not hard to fabricate. After all, the
characters are most likely "monsters" themselves; even
those who appear human have access to abilities that are
clearly unnatural. All a character need do is ensure that
she is seen consorting with her target or his known
proxies, entering or leaving his estate or fighting along-
side his soldiers. Some element of risk is attached to this,
of course, but if no one locally knows the character by
name, or if she can avoid exposing her face, she can
provide irrefutable "evidence" that her target is conspir-
ing with the minions of Hell.

Victimiging the Populace

It's possible to destroy a lord's reputation without
ever moving against him directly. The citizens who
dwell in the lord's realm, from peasants to merchants to
churchmen to lesser nobles, all rely on their liege, who
is obligated — morally and (in many places) legally —
to protect those who serve him.

Given the preternatural abilities of the creatures of
the Dark Medieval, it should prove relatively simple to
torment and harass individuals and even entire commu-
nities in ways the local lord is powerless to stop.
Werewolves can cause untold destruction and suffer
precious little risk from the blades of the lord's soldiers.
Vampires are masters of stealth and misdirection, allow-
ing them to escape long before the authorities can


respond to their activities. Mages can create enormous
amounts of "accidental" havoc that cannot easily be
traced to any particular source.

Ir's vital that one downplay the presence of the
supernatural in these attacks. The peasantry must be-
lieve that the ills afflicting them are of a sort that the lord
could prevent, if only he weren't so incompetent/dishon-
est/uncaring. If he's unwilling to aid his people in their
time of need, why should they support him with their
taxes, their toil and their blood?

Bettereven than provinga lord incapable of defend-
ing his people is making the lord responsible for their
suffering. One might, for instance, consider robbing —
perhaps even slaughtering — the local tax collectors.
Even the kindest lord will have to raise taxes to make up
for lost revenues, and most will take swift and bloody
retribution on the villages in which their collectors
disappeared. Rumors of conspiracy against the crown,
the death or disappearance of a member of the royal
family or a friend of the local Cainite prince, and
whispers of uprising are all sufficient cause for most
nobles to come down hard on their citizenry. Not only
does this turn the commoners against their leaders, it
also provides a sizable diversion for the lord's loyal
soldiers, who cannot watch the borders if they're busy
patrolling the towns.

Truly manipulative individuals might make it ap-
pear that their subject is acting against his own people (or
against a neighboring community) when such is not the
case. A raid on a border town with the lord's (forged)
standard flying overhead has all sorts of political and
martial repercussions, but these efforts need not be so
heavy-handed. Peasants are accustomed to thinking of
anyone in rich man's garb as potential agents of the
nobility. Should a well dressed (and well protected)
individual begin demanding extra taxes or tithes in the
name of the local ruler, the common man is likely to
believe him to be exactly what he claims, despite the
absence of any corroborating eviden

One should be careful with this sort of pretense.
Should the truth emerge that the lord has been framed
—even if no one learns who the guilty party is — the
subject might actually gain in status and influence
from the sympathy of others and the peasantry's anger
at being manipulated.

Diplomacy

Diplomacy is the art of making trades and compro-
mises that, despite appearances of equality, favor one
party over the other. It is the melody to which nobles
dance with one another, the drumbeat to which they
synchronize their daily (or nightly) existence. It is also a
weapon, the means by which they duel.

In order to join this dance, one must already be a
part of that world — either a noble or someone of
sufficient importance that nobles would listen to what
one has to say — or one must be willing to work hard
to break in. Presented below are means both for
entering the field and accomplishing one's goals once
on it.

Diplomacy is a rather broad subject, however.
Clarity, if nothing else, demands it be broken down
and addressed in more manageable bits.

Alliances

Alliances in the Dark Medieval world, be they
between mortals or monsters, are ephemeral, fleeting
things. Coalitions do not form because of friendships,
they grow out of the need for mutual benefit. It's rarely
a question of honor, rarely indicative of any kind of
respect. An alliance grows out of necessity.

Cainites

Machiavelli (who isn't born for another 230 years
or so) might have based his great work The Prince on
the machinations of the Cainites in AD 1230. Vam-
pires, already embroiled in the War of Princes, are
master manipulators and puppet-masters and tend to
come out untarnished in most of their alliances; that
is, provided their alliances aren't with one another.
Cainites partner with anyone provided they believe
they have the edge and can come out of the deal with
unlife and domain intact. For instance, the crumbling
city of Kerev is coming under pressure from Mongol
incursions (forces represented by Genghis Khan's
grandson, Batu, and existing outside the Gangrel
warlord Jhunakhai's influence) and has its current
prince, the Ventrue Jerek Slobodny, mounting a hur-
tied defense against the increasing attacks. Slobodny
walks the Road of Sin and normally shuns any who
aren't steeped in depravity. But his town, while a dung
heap, is still his dung heap, and he wishes to defend it
with sword and fang. As such, Slobodny has shuttered
his Beast and extended an olive branch to a group of
Ashen Knights encamped outside of Kiev. These
knights, followers of the Road of Heaven, are neo-
phytes (and are also unaware of Slobodny's wickedness)
and have joined with Jerek to combat the pagan
hordes. (Slobodny's alliance therefore presents two
advantages: First, he has aid against the Mongol
intrusion, and second, he now has new Cainites to
corrupt to his perverse ways.)

Unfortunately, most vampires have great diffi-
culty holding on to partnerships for long. All in all,
the War of Princes is an immense chess match among
the undead nobility, and most alliances end up as

ee
wy aia NO es = Kon ~~ ~

+ a =Ch E ———_ nD =| sa
> x. POISONED OUN Some FS ~


nothing more than broken oaths. The most common
"alliance" is between vampires of the High Clans and
the Low Clans. The Low Clans (especially neonates)
often end up scrabbling for scraps beneath the tables
of the High, and will often prostrate themselves before
their superiors in coalitions that clearly are stacked
against them. Of course, many of the Low Clans
consider this a survival-of-the-fittest situation; being
the hound of a king is better than ending up as a flea-
ridden plague cur. Since they are undying, many of the
Low Clans feel that if they can just ride out the
imbalance, that some night the tables may turn and
High Clan bastards will sup on beggars and lepers.

Otheralliancescan occur between Cainites should
they be fighting a common enemy (a slash-and-burn
attack from vengeful werewolves definitely encour-
ages Cainites to band together, if only for a brief time)
or should a domain exist that can't be obtained with-
out outside help. The coterie is the smallest example
of these types of alliances, but even this unit can
crumble when its goal is achieved.

Werewolves

Alliances aren't so crucial to werewolves, and
their Rage and zealotry stops them from accepting
even a temporary alliance with anyone they find
objectionable, even if that means they end up dead in
the process. Most alliances involving the Garou are
made between septs. Usually, septs controlled by the
same tribe will ally, sometimes forming moon bridges
between their caerns.

Some tribes, however, are more likely to angle
for alliances with the other monsters of the Dark
Medieval. The Shadow Lords and Silver Fangs are
both "noble" tribes that are typically immersed in
human culture more than the others. They are also
most likely to bump shoulders with Cainites and
wizards, which creates opportunities for pacts and
alliances (though Warders and even Children of
Gaia run into Cainites in the urban centers of
Europe). Groups of wizards still exist (primarily of
Baltic and Slavic origin) that hold allegiance to
ancient, pagan gods — and while the Garou don't
worship these gods, they nonetheless recognize
that the pre-Christian faiths are much more com-
patible with their world view than the alternatives.
The Silver Fangs have maintained a long-lasting
alliance with a group of these mages, a warrior band
calling themselves the Sons of Dzarovit. These Old
Faith mages openly rebel against the Roman Catho-
lic Church and are secretly funded by the old
wealth of the Silver Fang royalty. The Sons thus
manage to fuel their anti-crusade, and the Silver
Fangs have a group of martially trained mages to
point at their enemies like a poison-tipped arrow.

Even more appropriate to alliance with werewolves
are the Spirit-Talkers; Garou can at least under-
stand and appreciate those who speak to the most
ancient of spirits. Alliances with Cainites, how-
ever, are nearly unheard of. A rare few Bone
Gnawers and Warders have made partnerships with
disparate groups of Ravnos or Nosferatu "bottom-
feeders," but these alliances were temporary and
ended up poorly for all parties involved. Experi-
enced werewolves pass on one unalienable truth to
their cubs: "Vampires lie."

Most alliances the werewolves generate occur
within their own tribes. While each tribe comes
from different geographical regions and supports
divergent philosophies, they still consider them-
selves to be part of one "nation." They're truly like
a massive, extended family. They may fight among
themselves, but the moment a threat from outside
is detected, the man-wolves put aside differences
and mobilize for battle. Once the common enemy
is vanquished and the caern is saved (or whatever
the case may be), they resume their internal clan-
nish hostility. It's even possible, given a great
common enemy (such as an ancient Cainite crawl-
ing out of slumber), that even the most divergent of
groups such as the Warders and Red Talons could
manage an (exceptionally brief) alliance.

Mages

Mages tend to be a more academic lot (even if
academia hasn't yet taken a firm hold on the populace
of Europe) and as such tend to pursue alliances for
different reasons than the other supernatural beings.
Mages seek knowledge, anything to lend them greater
power and control over their magics. With that in
mind, they're likely to ally with anyone who can offer
them even a temporary taste of such wisdom. Their
curiosity may drive them into some particularly un-
usual relationships. One cabal of Nicean necromancers
has, for all intents and purposes, offered themselves as
slaves to the Tremere chantry in Castellina. Their
reasoning: Even as slaves they are capable of being
closer to the secrets of death (and, appropriately,
rebirth) than any of their brethren. They perform
tasks bordering on the grotesque for the Tremere
(grave-robbing, defiling holy sites, capturing and "in-
specting" plague victims) just so they can feed off of
the smallest scrap of information. Ulterior agendas
exist in this partnering, however (a common element
of alliances). In this case, the necromancers intend to
destroy the Tremere chantry (and in their foolish
minds, the entire clan of Usurpers) once they have
"gained enough knowledge."

This is a time of religious discord. Crusades pit
Christian against Muslim. Campaigns rage to oust

4A a SPITE
"O14: a -ONHOR WAR -_ =z =Sest—

bY — = —
Te = ad

COMMON MY

he best reason for an alliance is probably

a common enemy. As the saying goes,
"the enemy of my enemy is my friend," and in this
dark period it's never been more accurate. If a
Faithful Cainite and a team of inquisitors stumble
across a pack of werewolves serving some pagan
"god," and if for addéd yalue these
happen to occupy some much-desired terrain, well
... forthe time being, it's a good bet that the Cainite
and the inquisitors are going to become reluctant
allies. That's not to say they'll go out and drink pints
of grog-and-blood-afterward, nor does it even sug-
gest that they'll "band together" and oust the Lupines
with fire and fury. The Cainite may offer the inquisi-
tors information of an

man-wolves

tem of some religious
importance, probably without ever revealing her-
self. Maybe the Cainite finds some much-needed
funds and "family personnel" sent her way courtesy
of the House of Murnau to help maintain the

Christian status.quo. Once the enemy is defeated,
however, the inquisitors may discover that the
" was secretly cursed and the vampire

"religious rel
finds that his new band of soldiers wer
mand leave him for the sunrise

also paid to

barbarians still clinging to "heathen" ideals. Many
feud as Aristotelian, Augustinian and Platonic no-
tions crowd each other for prominence. It is only
natural for the mages (with such differing spiritual
worldviews) to base many of their alliances upon
the tenets of religion. Those mages of the Messi-
anic Voices may form willing or unknowing
allegiances with members of the Church. They may
find that they've inadvertently partnered with the
Lasombra, possibly even the Inquisition. Mages
who bow down in chthonic temples to worship old
gods or talk to the spirits are the most likely to find
themselves on the same sides as the werewolves
(see above). The faith of Islam might bring to-
gether the AhI-i-Batin and any Cainite who believes
Mohammed was truly God's Prophet.

Tnquisitors

The Inquisition isn't a liberal institution. It is
rather hard and fast in its beliefs, and one of its key
tenets is that monsters are utterly outside God's plan.
Hence, alliances with such beings are highly unlikely.
That's not to say impossible, however. Inquisitors,
while part of a massive organization that thinks one
specific way (i-e., anything supernatural is the Devil's
creation), are still individuals. As such, if the inquis

Sess Ff at ae Se
<2' 2é = = "CHAPTER TWO « AO ee (Os SSPE
Dance VA >>. SPORSORNEDOUNT me : 2S


— e

tor is up against a particular enemy that he finds
regrettably difficult to defeat, he may establish an
alliance with another monster to help oust the bigger
threat. In other words, an inquisitor may partner with
the lesser of two evils to do God's dirty work in the
Dark Medieval. These alliances, more than any other,
are extremely temporary. Unless an inquisitor is par-
ticularly stealthy or is capable of keeping a single
monster under his thumb permanently, the alliance
vanishes like smoke in the wind once the common
enemy is eliminated. Then the most the inquisitor
will do is give his former ally a head start before
tracking it down.

Internally, one expects that inquisitors have no
problem allying with one another. They all support
the greater religious architecture of the Church, which
makes them siblings in the name of God. Inquisitors
are not always on the same field of understanding,
however, and may clash philosophical swords (if not
real ones) over issues of law, heresy and punishment.
After all, the wishes of the Pope can become a little
muddled when he's 300 miles away in a world of
practically no communication. Anytime even the
tiniest element of Catholic doctrine and theological
law becomes open to interpretation, inquisitors will
be standing on both sides of the fence. Those with a
Dominican mindset are likely to clash with those who
favor a more Franciscan approach. Religion is an oft-
disputed creature, and while in this age it's fairly
unified, it's beginning to fracture — even inside the
hallowed halls of the Inquisition.

Snbheritance

Power and wealth come with money, manpower
and land. Few exist who don't covet power, and many
will make great strides to obtain it. Some characters
are forced to take power, but some have another
option. For them, power can be achieved through
educated patience. How can a character do this? Let
those who have it die and inherit their power. Land,
titles, wealth — even relationships and alliances all
are passed down upon passing away, making inherit-
ance one of the pillars of noble existence.

Unfortunately, the laws of inheritance are sticky,
with a thousand and one ways around them. These
laws vary wildly from region to region, with disparate
qualifications for who truly receives titles and goods.
On top of that, these laws aren't immutable. Should a
new ruler enter power, the rules might change, hob-
bling some and giving newfound riches to others. In
general, however, rules of inheritance remain con-
stant less because of actual law and punishment and
more because of common law and tradition.

Here are a few of the more general rules according
to region:

British Isles: Inheritance in England and Ireland
is handled via primogeniture — the passing down of
land, wealth and titles to the first-born son. In En-
gland, belief in the blood is firm; royal blood is better
than peasant's blood and carries down the "elite" traits
of the father. These traits are suspected to be most
significant in the first-born son, hence the laws of
primogeniture. If no first-born son exists (or if for
some reason the first-born son is proven to be a
disreputable and unstable individual — and children
can be disowned under English law), the titles and
wealth pass along to the closest blood relation to the
deceased; if only a daughter is available, the power is
passed along to whomever she marries. In Scotland,
titles are handed down from father to first-son as well,
but all in the context of the clans (and should a clan-
mate disagree, he can take it up with the elders). In
Wales, land and goods are divided up equally between
surviving sons, with disagreements going through
local princes.

France: France is one of the few places in Europe
where women have equal right to land inheritance as
men. Daughters and sons are considered equal in
regard to the transfer of acreage and monetary wealth.
Women are capable of owning their own land, regard-
less of marriage, which gives women of both the high
aristocracy and low nobility significantly more power
than they'd have in other parts of the world. In fact,
two types of inheritance are prevalent in France:
paternal and maternal. In other words, one can re-
ceive land and monies from both sides of her family.

Some rather unusual inheritance laws exist in
France, however. One of these was concocted by the
Church: If the land being passed was a fiefdom worked
by vassals, a "concessionary" fee must be paid to the
Church. If this fee is not paid, the Church can demand
to use any (or all) of the vassals for military service in
its name (i.e., for the Crusades). The Church is also
known to visit dying nobles and prey upon their fear
of Hell in order to ensure that their last confessions are
accompanied by gifts of land.

Holy Roman Empire: With the power in the
Holy Roman Empire slowly drifting from a central
body to one focusing on the whims of individual
territorial rulers, the concept of inheritance is growing
uncertain. Before now, the law wassimple. One inher-
ited through primogeniture and paid heavy taxes to
the Empire and the Church. All oaths and contracts
were firmly passed to the inheritor, thus maintaining
the crucial feudal contract.

Emperor Frederick II has sowed seeds of dissen-
sion against the Church. He was excommunicated
once due to failing the Fifth Crusade but was allowed

ie OS im Brat OI
ee oN : -SPOILSOPWAR - 7 a wee"

grace when he returned to finish the job. Lately,
though, Frederick has been going outside the "natural
order" of things. He's beginning to strengthen his
holdings and power in the Sicilian domains in prepa-
ration for a struggle versus the Lombards. This is
causing conflict between Frederick and his son Henry.
Frederick has opted to find ways to maneuver Henry
out of the loop, despite Henry being of the represen-
tative opinion of the Germanic princes. Frederick
seeks to cheat Henry of any and all inheritance and
intends to depose and imprison his son at the slightest
hint of rebellion. He has also broken all compacts, has
left Germany with little authority and has given the
Italian princes and landowners massive amounts of
independent power. Frederick alone is forcing mem-
bers of the Holy Roman Empire to question the feudal
contract. Could the cornerstone of medieval society
be crumbling?

Iberia: Islamic influence is waning in the Iberian
Peninsula at this time, but in some areas the Islamic laws
of inheritance still hold (see Outremer, below, for more
information). Primarily, it's a standard case of sons
inheriting from their parents, with a strict delineation
ruling out women. The instability of the region at the
time demands a "flexible" inheritance system, and often
the right bribe or deed can grant any character access to
at least part of a dead man's property.

One of the more interesting elements of inherit-
ance in Iberia is due to the Reconquista. Because the
monarchs are eager to "Christianize" the whole area,
they give out mercedes (rewards) to any military lead-
ers who aid in the cause. These mercedes often come in
the form of land and hereditary titles, which are so
common it's ridiculous. These rewards are less about
being passed down and more about being granted or
stolen. Everyone ends up with a title, and it's not yet
certain whether the land and monies will hold up once
aman dies.

Italy: The inheritance laws of Italy are somewhat
strange. Titles pass down to the first-born legitimate
son, but the passing along of land is an odd assortment
of fractions that allow for both legitimate and bastard
sons (referred to in the local inheritance laws, also
called the Law of Rothari, as "natural" sons) to obtain
some part of the land and wealth. While the rules are
complex, it ultimately boils down to this: The legiti-
mate sonssplit two thirds of the land (of their choosing),
where the "natural" (or illegitimate) sons split the
remaining third. No concessions exist for daughters.

Hungary/Byzantine States: In these areas, land is
considered less the property of an individual and more
the possession of the extended family (known as the Law
of Kindred). One of the primary passages of land and
wealth occurs through the lines of married daughters,
essentially passing to the couple through the maternal

line and not the paternal. Nobles find ways around these
laws, however, and the secondary method of inheritance
in this region is that accorded by treaty. Many treaties
specify inheritance outside the family, and these treaties
extend to those all over Europe. This is how members of
the English nobility manage to maintain land and
wealth in the Byzantine realm.

Scandinavia: Two forms of inheritance exist in
the realm of Scandinavia — primogeniture and gavel-
kind. Gavelkind was the original practice of inheritance
until the 10th century, forged by the Vikings who
lived there. The process was simple: divide up the land
and wealth among all the children (son or daughter,
legitimate or bastard) and pass the title to the eldest-
born. Since families were large, greedy nobles noticed
that land was parceled out into smaller and smaller
chunks. Since land means wealth (coming from taxes,
agriculture, status), they wanted all they could get.
When Louis the Pious received a piece of the
Carolingian Empire from Charlemagne in the ninth
century, he began instituting the policy of primogeni-
ture to replace gavelkind. Gavelkind is on its way out but
is still practiced by those not under the scrutiny of the
higher-ups, especially in smaller towns and regions.

ALLIANCE AND INHERITA
THE POLITICAL MARRIAG

he wisest of nobles in the Dark Medi

eval know that to maximize their hold-
ings, they must ally with those who can grant
them the strongest power. Hence, the institution
of the political marriage. Marti
is rarely done for romantic reasons. Id
courtly love ate well and good, but marrying a
scullery maid isn't going to gain a character that
sweet fiefdom he was looking for. Male nobles
seek to marty the daughters of important men or
the rare widow who owns her own land. Thus,
the marriage not only grants immediate powe
but when the daughter's father passes away, the
husband is likely to see the bulk of the inherit-
ance (provided that daughter has nokey brothers,
and if she does, the noble may choose to make
bloody work of them).

This isn't to say women don't gain any ad
vantage through the process of the marriage;
quite the contrary. First, the
rity that a single woman or widow simply doesn't
hav scond, marrying a strong noble may be
the only way they will see any inheritance. In
many regions, daughters don't receive anything
unless they're married. Overall, the political
marriage is advantageous for all, unless one part-
ners with a penniless or disfavored noble.

ANCE:

ze among nobles
as of

are afforded secu

Outremer: The land called Outremer is domi-
nated by Islamic culture despite the surge in Christian
numbers due to the Crusades. As such, the Qur'an
dictates the inheritance procedures of the area. The
book states that "men shall have a share in what
parents and kinfolk leave behind, and women shall
have a share in what parents and kinfolk left behind."
Women are allowed to inherit from their fathers and
mothers, but the unfortunate truth for them is that
their share of the inheritance often constitutes little
more than metaphorical table-scraps. Beyond that,
interpretation of the Islamic code is left up to local
clerics to decide. Some rules are hard and fast (illegiti-
mate children shall inherit nothing, non-Muslims
inherit nothing), and others are less so. The clerics
determine "rules of priority" in figuring out which
male children deserve the greatest portions of land,
holdings and goods.

Outside of Islam, European inheritance laws
have come piggy-backing along with the massive
influx of Crusaders and merchants, and so very few
laws of inheritance are fixed. The French uphold
their style of inheritance, and the English do
much the same. In some cities (Acre, for in-
stance), the writ of the Holy Roman Empire rules,
which translates into "Primogeniture with taxes
levied by the Church."

Mother Church

The catch to the issue of inheritance is that the
Church may become involved. Once the Church is
involved, everything changes. For one, it can deny all
or parts of inheritance, intercepting the claim (land,
wealth, what-have-you) for its own benefit (or God's).
The Church's usual course of action is often more
insidious, however. Members of the Church can black-
mail a potential inheritor. A bishop can say to the son
of a deceased baron, "Please donate an acre of your
land to the Church, an acre of your land to the King,
and you must take a wife of my choosing." The baron
is then aware (unless he is an ignorant or stubborn sot)
that disobeying this bishop's "suggestion" will ulti-
mately have him lose the whole of his inheritance. So
the baron (wisely) gives in to the bishop, letting the
leeches of Mother Church have their share of blood.
A good rule of thumb is this: If the Church wants it,
the Church can take it.

Bloodfor Blood

Inheritance can lead to quick betrayal. If the only
son of a prominent earl wishes to earn both the title and
the fiefdom, he may have his father assassinated. If
multiple sons are forced to split the bounty of the father,
they may begin killing one another in a gory circle of
familial treachery. Sometimes this treachery comes in

: +SPOILS-OFWAR + woo ee
7 ‘ Pa ee r, L
i > é ue Ee,

the form of murder, and other times it may take subtler
forms. A successor to title and land may discredit his
brothers (or in some regions may claim that they were
bastards and not legitimate children). He may even seek
to convince others that they're criminals (or worse,
madmen) and have the siblings locked up in some tower
or dungeon. (For an excellent look at the way this
betrayal can play out, read or watch Shakespeare's
Richard III.) The royalty and nobility of the Dark Medi-
eval are a bitter, murderous lot. The higher-ups can give
the most perfidious Cainite a run for her money when it
comes to betrayal.

Oaths and Compacts

Wealth and titles aren't the only thing that are
passed down. Written and unwritten alliances are also
passed down upon the deaths of those who held them.
Sometimes oaths made by a noble are passed on when he
dies. Any compacts that the deceased may have made in
times of war will also be passed along to the inheritor,
meaning that he must uphold whatever alliances were
forged by the departed. Any vassals or knights (or any
military servicemen) must pay homage to the inheritor,
but this goes both ways; the inheritor must swear fealty to
the lord of the deceased as well. The Dark Medieval has
a distinct barking chain. Just because a character moves
up the social ladder doesn't mean thatshe'snotstill a dog.

Still, any alliances passed along could make the
inheritor a very powerful person. His influence in-
creases, hisrelationships grow. Ifthe inheritoris perceived
as weak (or simply not worthy of the bestowed oaths),
another may attempt to assassinate or weaken him.

Court Intrigue

The simplest way to gain authority and wealth is to
convince someone who already has them to bestow
them, but potential benefactors are few in number. One
who desires funds, land or political clout has few places
to turn save the nobility or the Church, and the Church
is unlikely in the extreme to grant them. On the other
hand, most of the rich and powerful won't easily part
with even a small portion of their worth. They require
substantial convincing to share what they have — but it
can be done.

Ina feudal society, the nobility claims most of the
power, and only those with a voice at court have a
chance of taking it from them. All nobles, from kings
and princes to landed gentry with a single large estate,
need to meet with other nobles, emissaries of other lands
and provinces, local merchants, churchmen and —
occasionally — even representatives of the peasantry.
Some lords hold open courts in which anyone who
wishes to speak may enter; others are open only to those
with sufficient power that the lord cannot risk alienating


Boob RiGHTs OF BE

a doesn't necessarily apply to the
supernatural dwellers of the Dark Medieval
Cainites are a stone's throw from immortal. Vampires
don't intend to suffer Final Death, and very few
concessions are in place allowing the childer of a
vampire to gain anything at all. Some Ventrue and
Lasombra act in accordance with mortal inheritance
laws. Some sires draw up wills allowing their childerto
share their holdings, but few do this, because it gives
the childer a reason to conspire and destroy their
patron as soon as the wax seal hits *the parchment
(though the blood oath reduces some of the risk.)
Other clans practice a more familial inheritance. The
Ravnos, for instance, are often known to disseminate
their worldly goods (they rarely possess land).among
coteries, and for the most part this works without
betrayal or murder.

Werewolves have children and families (some
of which may or may not be Garou themselves),
but they don't ultimately hold much actual land or
wealth. Much of what they gain is transitive. They
have more important things to worry about than
who holds what land. Tribally speaking, they.claim
right to the land that supports their caerns, but no
one strictly "owns" that, so it doesn't count among
the accord of inheritance. Some tribes still operate
according to the mortal laws of inheritance. The
Silver Fangs, for one, are so immersed in their
mortal and Garou nobility that they consider it a
crime to go against the orders of inheritance. Metis
are unlikely ever to inherit a damn thing, and only
some Garou (Silver Fangs included) would ever
consider purely mortal children worthy of any
temporal wealth that may potentially be passed
along. Many times, minor fetishes and possessions
are burned or buried with the owner, unless she
specifically stated that they should be passed on.
Powerful items — such as klaives — might be

them. The first, obviously, is easier for characters to
access than the second, but neither is completely closed
to the resourceful.

Making Oneself Useful

The most straightforward and most common
method of gaining a noble's favor is by performing
services, doing favors or otherwise being useful to
have around. Most wise rulers reward those who
assist them, for fear of losing that assistance — or
having it turned to the service of their enemies.

If this were a simple matter, though, anyone
could do it. One cannot simply walk into court and
announce, "Greetings, my lord! | am useful to you.
Reward me." So how to go about it?

+ CHAPT

passed down to a descendant or might simply be
guarded until a worthy owner is found.

Mages are a disparate lot, so it's hard to say
where their laws on inheritance lie. They are
mortal and move in the mortal realm. Some still
lose and gain land and power according to the
region's inheritance laws. Others pass down inter-
nal titles and wealth to desirous members of their
chantries. Some, such as those who work in accord
with the Messianic Voices, often ensure that any-
thing they have obtained in the material world
foes to the Church upon their deaths.

In the Church, the Inquisition tends to hold
similar policies. Anything that inquisitors have is
technically not their own; the Church can lay
claim to it at any time, and often will upon death.
Few inquisitors have interest in material wealth, as
quite a few come from the monastic orders (Do-
minican and Franciscan, primarily) and generally
Oppose material goods. (Some bishops, pontiffs,
cardinals, etc. still accrue wealth and land through
their mortal lives, as there's nothing stopping greed
fromaffecting Church members just because they're
Church members.) Titles are earned, not passed
down, so that's nary a concern among the Inquisi-
tion. Things are slightly different among the
Murnauand the Oculi Dei. The Murnau are some-
thing'of a "family business," and aren't specifically
¢lergy. The family tends to follow the principles of
primogeniture, givingall inheritance to the eldest
son (or son-in-law, if that is the only option). As
the family is one filled with devious bureaucrats,
sometimes other deals are struck within the orga-
nization. The Oculi Dei (also not clergy) operates
in.a wholly different manner. This group maintains
hoards of varying size across Europe, and when a
member dies, his holdings and relics are placed in
one of these caches and stay there for "future use."

Providing Intelligenc

Many Cainites, Garou, mages and inquisitors hav
means of obtaining information unavailable to ordinary
mortals. Spirits whisper secrets to those with the means
to listen. Canine ears hear the softest voices, even
through thick walls. A messenger's very thoughts can
betray him to those who can read minds. Even cha
who possess none of these abilities might have connec-
tions with someone who does. Many of these "monsters"
— Cainites in particular — pride themselves on their
webs of favor and influence that extend through many
regions. If they truly wish to gather intelligence on a
mortal noble — say, for instance, an enemy of the lord
with whom they are seeking favor — precious little can
be done to stop them.

cters

ER TWO,

POISONED OUI

SS


Those in power pay well for such information,
both in monetary and less tangible rewards. The first
few reports prove one's usefulness and reliability.
After sufficient time has passed, after one's espionage
has saved one's lord from an invasion or an assassina-
tion, the lord may become fully dependent on his
informant above all other sources of intelligence.
Once this has occurred, he can no longer afford to
refuse any but the most outrageous demands of the
character assisting him. Money, lands, power and
favors are ripe for the asking.

A truly ambitious character might provide intel-
ligence to two rival lords, informing each of the
other's plans. Because this provides a steady stream of
useful intelligence for both parties, it all but guaran-
tees a swift rise in both lords' estimation. Then again,
should either lord ever discover what the character is
doing, not only will all rewards and favors be revoked,
one can expect to have gained at least one, and
possibly two, powerful and angry enemies. The
Nosferatu Edwyd, for instance, is the childe of Richard
de Worde, the spymaster of the Ventrue Mithras,
Cainite Prince of London. Edwyd, both on his own
and through ghoul agents, provided information to
King Henry III's court about the King's rebellious
brother, the Earl of Cornwall — and then warned the
Earl of the King's knowledge of his activities, begin-
ning the cycle anew. This went on sporadically for
some years, until Richard de Worde put a stop to it at
Mithras' behest. While Edwyd is watched carefully,
rumor has it that his agents still offer both money and
boons for information on the hidden activities of the
nobles of the British Isles.

Performing Mundane Services

It doesn't require supernatural abilities or spectral
informants to gain a lord's favor; normal mortals do so
ona regular basis. All one really needs is some form of
expertise, skills or connections the noble can use.
Cainites tend to be less effective than others in these
roles, which invariably require daylight activity. A
loyal ghoul, however, can prove almost as effective as
being there oneself.

Military expertise, while always in demand, is not
the best avenue to take when attempting to gain a
lord's favor. Many nobles have the unreasonable ex-
pectation that their military advisors and generals
actually take the field of battle and lead the armies
directly. This means that one will likely have little
time to build one's power and influence at court, as
one is busy dodging swords and arrows.

Someone particularly skilled at juggling numbers
and managing ledgers might attempt to become an
advisor to the lord on matters of taxes and finance
(ordinarily this is the seneschal's job, but with a bit of
skillful manipulation the character could usurp that

position). This is not in and of itself a prestigious
position, but it does put a great amount of useful
information at one's fingertips, to say nothing of the
opportunities to abscond with as much of the lord's
wealth as one can embezzle.

Bodyguards are always in demand, and it is here that
one with the abilities of a mage, werewolf or inquisitor
can truly shine. A bodyguard is expected to go every-
where her lord does, granting her tacit permission to
eavesdrop on official meetings and court appearances.

The character who wants to earn a lord's trust
quickly might even arrange an assassination attempt on
her charge, one that she can thwart, thus "proving" her
loyalty and ability both. Many lords confide in and
discuss politics with their bodyguards — after all, the
guard already knows what's happening from the afore-
mentioned meetings—and aclever character can begin
influencing her lord's decisions within justa few months.

Sometimes it's wiser to build one's power base
outside the halls of the nobility first, so that one can
then negotiate from a better position. Nearly as pow-
erful as the lord of a given region is the Church. Priests
speak with the voice of God and the Vatican, many of
them manage riches enough to make any noble drool,
they can steer the course of public opinion like a
cowherd, and some even wield the ultimate weapon of
excommunication. If one has or can obtain authority
in the Church — or can suborn someone who has it —
one has the clout to demand that any lord listen to
what one has to say.

The same holds true of those who claim power in
merchants' associations. Though true guilds are still a
foreign concept throughout most of the world, some
merchants and craftsmen have banded together to
make their voices heard. They are not yet powerful
enough to force their rulers to behave properly, but
they can at least demand an audience on major issues.
Some wise lords realize they are better off working
with their craftsmen than against them, and pay heed
to what these organizations have to say.

Funds and Manpower

Another approach that requires one already possess
some power before one can obtain more isstill very much
worth considering. Nobles are sometimes forced to
borrow funds from others in order to maintain their
armies and their lands. Because most titles are heredi-
tary, even the richest merchants can never rise to the
nobility. If the characters have money but no authority,
thatmoneycan be parlayed intoa voice at court. A noble
who has indebted himself to the character must pay at
leastsome heed to that character's wishes, or else he risks
having his debts called in.

Finally, some in the Dark Medieval command the
loyalty of many fighting men yet lack any formal title or
authority. Mercenary leaders, rich merchants with veri-

aati ie Ir a See
Xf SS ee Onn Cia
abe = Sm -SPOILSORWAR + GF S55) S

Sule condemned, entire wars averted or ignited by the alter-

THe GitpeD CAGE ation of a few words of text. Throughout Europe exists a

() Ithough written for Vampire: The Ma thriving black market for convincing forgeries of royal

BE queradeahdsetcentiries after the Dar seals. Rumor has it that a small band of inquisitors of the

Ages eta, Theteilded Caseiea valuable resource Oculus Dei is behind the operation; possession of "royal

documents" granting them permission to act where and

how they wish would cut through substantial bureau-

cratic and legal obstacles that even the authority of the
Church cannot penetrate.

Suborning the servants of a lord is rarely difficult.
Many of them have committed various indiscretions —
embezzlement, theft, association with those who would
bring shame on their lord's family, unacceptable sexual
or religious practices — that can be exploited by charac-
ters with the resources to unearth them. Others are
susceptible to monetary enticements. Most servants hail
from the lower classes and are forced to work every day
in the midst of riches far beyond any they can hope to
achieve themselves. Envy breeds greed and resentment,
and all but the most loyal servants can be bribed into
revealing their masters' secrets.

for players and Storytellers interested in learning

more about how tosubvert large organizations
from the servants upward. While the book di
rectly addresses modern governments and
corporations, the strategies and tactics enumer-
ated therein can beimodified for the courts of the
Dark Medieval with surprisingly little effort.

table armies of caravan guards and religious leaders sur-
rounded by fanatic cultists can make or break a lord's own
military might. If one has such a private army, one can
offer one's services to the nobility in exchange for substan-
tial favors. This works best with militarily weak lords, but
even those with a substantial army are often interested in
finding other people to do their fighting for them.

Suborning the Servants

One need not have any direct contact with one's
lord in order to manipulate his actions. The pages,
scribesand servants of the courts provide all the tools one
could ever desire.

The upper classes learn from infancy to ignore the
servants around them. It's improper even to notice the
woman pouring the wine at dinner, or the old man
standing beside the throne in case his lord desires any
refreshment while receiving petitioners. The chamber-
maids know full well when the married baron hasa pretty
young peasant brought to his study, and the valet knows
that the emissary of the neighboring kingdom —the one
who supposedly disappeared before arriving — was in
fact strangled in his sleep after the master welcomed him
in. The servants within a castle, fortress or manor are Mind Control
privy to untold numbers of secrets, and while most of The most obvious technique is also the least effec-
them are sufficiently uneducated that they don't recog- _ tive, and that is the direct control of the subject through
nize the import of what they hear (or, just as often, they supernatural compulsion. Vampiric Disciplines such as
do understand but are too cowed or polite to use that Dominate or Presence, the Hermetic Pillar of Corona—
information), they're more than capable of repeating these and more provide means of directing living (or
them to characters with espionage, extortion or black-_unliving) people like marionettes. Unfortunately, as
mail on their minds. mentioned above, these abilities rarely last long, and

Most nobles cannot be bothered to keep track of strong-willed individuals are capable of resisting them.
their own schedules; that's what advisors are for. fone Only ifall other options have failed should one attempt
wishes to see the lord at all, one must convince the direct control over a lord or noble.
seneschal that one's purpose is worthwhile. The charac- Other, longer-lasting means exist; the most well
ter who holds sway over a lord's advisor, then, decides known of these is the vitae-engendered blood oath of the
who will be allowed to meet with the lord and who will Cainites. While more reliable (and thus safer) than
not. This influence can be parlayed into a large web of other powers, the blood oath still requires effort to
debts. If one has suborned a royal messenger, one can maintain, can be detected or at least inferred by those
even manipulate the information the lord receives, who know ofits existence and— most worrying of all —
altering it just enough to make him behave ina manner can be overcome or broken under the proper circum-
more befitting one's goals. Men have been promoted or stances. Again, far better for all concerned if such

Direct Supernatural Influence

The methods described above are optimal because,
while some of them make incidental use of various super-
natural abilities, they don't rely on those abilities to control
or manipulate the noble in question directly. Such direct
manipulation isn't recommended. Powers and abilities are
too unreliable, too easily detected by those who know what
to look for and too short-lived — and anyway, not every
character has access to these abilities.

Sometimes one requires one's pawns to take actions
they cannot be persuaded to attempt in any other
fashion, or else more subtle methods prove too slow to
execute. In these instances, supernatural means of com-
pulsion may be one's only viable option.

PNA Nhe Sa ee A
ince = = = CHAPTER TWO. led AE Ce

POISONED OUILLS >
SA 7 Bits BORED OUI: oe A

heavy-handed methods can be avoided except where
absolutely necessary.

Offering Immortality

Many nobles have an unreasoning fear of death.
Some are reluctant to give up their wealth and status;
others are painfully aware that they have attained and
maintained their positions through means that will
almost assuredly land them someplace hot and un-
pleasant in the afterlife. Creatures capable of offering
these nobles long life or immortality can almost
certainly demand any and everything in the noble's
power in exchange.

Cainites, of course, are capable of following through
on this promise, at least to some extent. Lupines, mages
and inquisitors are less able to offer a draught from the
cup of eternal life (although various magical Pillars are
certainly capable of extending a mortal's lifespan). Still,
witches and werewolves don't have to be able to grant
immortality; as long as they possess sufficient power to
convince their pawn that they can do so, they can
maintain the charade, and thus the arrangement with
the lord in question, for years on end.

Messengers of God and Satan

In the atmosphere of religious fear and fanaticism
maintained by the Catholic Church and the Crusades of
the Dark Medieval world, it's child's play for a clever
character with access to even the most moderately

impressive powers to portray himself as a messenger of
the lord — or perhaps of other, less noble entities. A lord
who can be convinced that he does God's bidding by
doing the character's bidding, or who believes that he
will be rewarded with infernal boons for doing the same,
will commit all sorts of atrocities in the name of a higher
(or lower) power. As long as one is smart enough to
concoct believable reasons for the lord's reward to be put
off indefinitely — perhaps it awaits him in the next life
—an arrangement of this sort can continue for years or
even decades.

This deception, if discovered, is almost guaranteed
toattract the attention of the Inquisition, and those who
would attempt it are strongly encouraged to have several
contingency plans in place ahead of time.

Wtermath

It's all over. Whether it took a volley of arrows and
the clash of swords, or a cup of poisoned mead and the
patience to inherit, it's done. The territory has changed
hands. The domain has been taken, its spoils plundered.
The question becomes, now what? Each supernatural
group in the Dark Medieval is likely to use the bounty to

different ends. While none of this is chiseled in

stone, it's a reasonable guide to what might
happen when it's all said and done.

ee let4 - % Sar"
Ld, Gp Oe ©) QO ONS
tb hee mt 5 Say tape
mi: i -SPOLESOFWAR - P. — x
, = == aa € Jk,

VDampires

When a coterie captures and holds a domain, it
gives them access to two things: blood and power. A
territory gained means authority. Authority means
wealth, control over whatever it produces (probably
agricultural) and command over all who work the
fiefdom. Vassals can mean many things — for one,
they provide work. They provide more vassals (in the
form of children). They provide a standing army that
can be called upon whenever there is a need. But for
Cainites, vassals also mean blood. Blood is difficult to
acquire in the Dark Medieval. Rogue coteries of the
Low Clans often have to survive hand-to-mouth ev-
ery night, with no certainty as to where their next
mouthful of blood comes from. More often than not
they end drinking from lepers and madmen who
wander the muddy streets at midnight. Should a
coterie manage some piece of a territory, the pickings
become better. A Cainite can handpick a servile
group, Dominate them or subject them to the blood
oath, all in the relative safety of his own domain. Plus,
should a group of vampires somehow wrest control of
an area away from a werewolf or mage (i.e., a magical
site such as a caern or chantry), they then have
options. While holding a magical territory doesn't
necessarily mean blood (unless a coterie wants to risk
drinking the blood of other supernatural creatures), it
may mean power in the form of magical items, spiri-
tual weapons or holy relics. Any cunning Cainite can
sell these items off to the highest bidder or use them as
a bargaining chip in a future pact or alliance.

Suquisitors

Satan has much territory in the Dark Medieval,
turning lands to his blasphemous purposes much as the
Mother Church makes places holy for her children.
Once the Adversary is overturned in an area by the
shadow Inquisition, the spoils of that area often go to
Mother Church. The domain's wealth is turned into the
Church's wealth, and sometimes a territory is cleaned,
blessed and made "holy" by the building of anew church
or cathedral (especially true in the rare instance that a
cell or a group of cells overtakes a place of power such as
a werewolf caern). Another thing that inquisitors look
for after they've razed the buildings and destroyed the
heretics is the presence of holy relics. Some relics are all
too common in the Dark Medieval (every Pardoner
wields a sack full of "splinters of the True Cross"), but
from time to time inquisitors come across authentic
telics. (Examples of these might be the Turin Shroud,
theskeleton of St. Benedict or Christ'sswaddlingclothes.)
A cell may take a territory solely on the rumored
presence of relics.

Werewolves

The Garou generally aren't interested in the
power-mongering of the mortal world. It just doesn't
serve their needs. (That's not to say it's impossible,
however. Ryn Ap Bleidd, a Welsh Fianna, went
about with his pack and took domains away from
corrupt families and delivered them into the hands
of those who they felt "deserved" them.) If a pack
of Garou (or multiple packs) claims a domain, what
is it going to do with it? Staying behind and claim-
ing itas their own is likely to invite the Inquisition's
holy justice. The wolves might take what needs
taking (goods, weapons, clothing) and move along,
leaving the razed village burning in their wake. If
anything, they'll leave an area destroyed as an
example to whomever they were "speaking to" in
the first place. Some Garou might take and hold a
domain for their own personal puissance. The
Warders of Men and Silver Fangs place more focus
on mortal authority and material power than other
werewolves. They often claim manors at the edges
of their territory where they may control the do-
main without interacting too deeply with its
inhabitants and vassals.

Mages

It is uncommon for mages to become embroiled
in petty land disputes or battles if nothing some-
thing specific and worthy is to be gained at the end.
If it's domain, then something about the land or the
structures upon the land speaks to some sought-
after magical integrity. Two things might occur
after mages take domain. They either keep it and
builda chantry upon it to help "harvest" the energy
that comes from there (whether it's considered
holy ground, the nexus of ancient pagan energies or
an expression of Europe's own soul is different for
every group of wizards), or they will reap the land
of its power and move on their way. The latter is the
most common. After all, mages can't afford to make
themselves too public. Staying on conquered ground
is like putting up a white flag in the darkness and
calling to your enemies. However, instances occur
of mages finding and keeping a domain. A group of
Valdaermen believed they found the subterranean
cavern where Loki was said to be imprisoned. They
ousted a small brood of Nosferatu from the cavern
and claimed it as their own, battling off the Cainites
who claimed the cave as their "warren." Here the
Valdaermen perform ghastly sacrifices to Loki, pray-
ing that he will wake and deliver the burgeoning
Christians into the crushing hands of the elder
Norse gods.

a St =
ttn 2 Sw eee Pam CE ER TWO ey Ae ORY



ChAPCER*CHREE:
PREPARING, ROR
BACCLE

The march begins. Out in front are the scouts and
incendiaries. After them come the foragers whose job
is to collect the spoils and carry them in the great
baggage train. Soon all is in tumult... The incendiaries
set the villages on fire and the foragers visit and sack
them. The terrified inhabitants are either burned or led
away with their hands tied behind their backs to be
held for ransom. Everywhere bells ring the alarm; a surge
of fear sweeps over the countryside. Wherever you
look you can see helmets glinting in the sun, pennons
waiving in the breeze, the whole plain covered with
horsemen. Money, cattle, mules and sheep are all seized.
The smoke billows, flames crackle. Peasants and shep-
herds scatter in all directions.

— Chanson des Lorrians (c. 1213)


A medieval army on the march is a fearsome
thing. Thousands of soldiers, knights and camp fol-
lowers spread across the defender's countryside in
search of food, water, forage, plunder and ransom.
What they cannot take, they burn. The defenders,
falling back to their castles and cities, do the same,
herding animals and belongings into cramped strong-
holds and leaving the countryside denuded of flocks,
crops and people. The mere passage of an army is a
potential famine as its clerks buy up supplies at wildly
inflated prices.

The army is an unwieldy collection of component
units that are proud and quarrelsome. The pennons in
the breeze each mark a knight and his household, a
city's militia or a mercenary band. Thrown together
by a feudal lord's summons, the army is a shifting mass
of rival strangers with few common tactics and little
common training. Its units fight together for a few
months then disperse, with many of its members still
strangers to each other. Only crusading armies remain
in the field as a whole for more than a season and have
time to become a coordinated force.

The Call to Arms

The army is the work of months of planning. To
assemble the English royal army, for instance, sheriffs
are dispatched to the royal vassals, commanding those
who owe service to appear with their household troops
at a certain date and time. Meanwhile, other sheriffs
are busy purchasing supplies and arranging for trans-
port. Royal administrators negotiate with landholders,
the Church, and wealthy merchants for loans. Other
clerks negotiate with mercenary captains and collect
every available scrap of information about the region
where the war is to be fought from pilgrims, merchants
and immigrants. Northern France and the Holy Ro-
man Empire follow similar patterns.

The royal vassals follow the same process. They in
turn send messengers to their vassals, purchase supplies
and arrange for bank loans. Often, they update their wills
and make an extra effort to attend mass and confess their
sins. Affairs are settled, then left in the hands of the
landholders' wives and trusted seneschals.

Royal clerks set up the muster point and record
the arrival and equipment of each landholder. How
many soldiers and knights show up depends on the
popularity of the king and of the royal cause. Soldiers
serve for a variety of reasons. A short English cam-
paign against Wales promises more swift and certain
plunder than a years-long crusade to Outremer.

Whena landholder needs to raise an army against
his neighbor, the process is quicker. The messengers
need only reach a few key vassals and bring them a
short distance. Logistics are much simpler. Still, the
number of knights and soldiers responding, and the
speed of their response, depends on the landholder's
popularity and the opportunity for profit.

The large counties of southern France rely not on
feudal levies but on taxes and paid soldiers. The
count's officers demand payment from their vassals,
whosend money or hire soldiers to serve for them. The
northern Italian city-states likewise rely mostly on
civic levies, paid soldiers and hired mercenaries. Their
forces are better trained but serve only as long as they
are well paid. Unpaid mercenaries may desert, change
sides or merely fight with the bare minimum effort and
abandon the field rather than take losses.

Feudal Bights

Landholders owe military service to their feudal
superiors. In northern Europe, this is a foundation of
the government. Inquisitors, human-born werewolves
and mages grow up as part of their society. Their
customs and expectations mimic the society around
them. Vampires, while they do grow up human, have
their own systems of oaths and obligations to their
actual or nominal superiors, which may be based on
the centuries-old feudal system or on the customs of
older societies like Rome or Greece.

Traditionally, a landholder owes 40 to 60 days per
year military service with equipment and horses befit-
ting his station. The wealthier the landholder, the more
people and auxiliaries (archers, crossbow archers, peas-
ant levies) heowes. Anearl mighthave hisown household
force of 15 knights and as many trained soldiers, with the
right to summon as many as 70 knights with their own
squires and soldiers. A simple knight might only have
himself, a son as a squire and a few household soldiers.
Bishops and abbots owe service as other landholders;
they provide soldiers and knights based on the lands held
by their churches.

Towns owe military service as part of their charters.
A typical town might owe 20 to 100 soldiers. The town
might provide its own militia of young men drawn from
each neighborhood or parish. Wealthy towns might hire
a company of professional soldiers if they have an
interest in making sure the army does well.

The landholder's duty is complex. Since most of
the obligations are oral, not written, a landholder who
is not enthusiastic about a summons or whose lands


are restless or not faring well might show up with the
smallest number of soldiers that is socially acceptable.

Insome places, a landholder can send money to his
feudal superior instead of going himself or sending his
own men. This is a good idea for landholders who are
widows, minors or otherwise not expected to lead troops
in battle away from home. The custom (scutage) is
gaining favor with some monarchs because it allows
them to hire a better-trained, more cohesive body of
troops. A landholder who does not serve in battle forfeits
the potential gains in reputation, glory and plunder,
however.

The feudal obligation is tied to holding physical
territory. The demesne Backgrounds may include peas-
ants, workers or city militia, with minimal equipment
and training, who will fight obvious invaders to protect
their homes. They are under the control of the local
noble. A noble character has feudal duties appropriate to
his station. Characters may also find that their allies,
contacts or those who are part of their vassal Back-
grounds (Flock, Kinfolk, Retainers, Servants) themselves
have feudal duties and can be summoned to someone
else's war at an inconvenient time.

Even wealthy merchant characters in the towns
are not safe from military service. An urban character
who defines his Resources as a merchant's wealth may
have to pay unexpected taxes to support the city's
militia or soldiers when called to war. He may be
pressured to make a loan to a warlord or supply goods
to the army at a cheap rate. Similarly, his allies,
contacts or those who are part of his vassal Back-
grounds may be conscripted as soldiers or tapped to
provide resources for war.

Beyoud Duty: Motives for
Fighting

The average human knight regards a summons to
war with equal parts anticipation and terror. A war
involves a vast opportunity for recognition, glory and
plunder, and an opportunity for death, maiming or
impoverishment. Most knights are young and blessed
with the assurance of youth that they alone are im-
mortal and that misfortune will happen to someone
else. The truly immortal (or at least undying) and
those blessed by other powers are often far more
annoyed than eager for battle; most have a disdain for
mortal affairs and an arrogance that their concerns are
far more pressing than those of human warlords. The
physical dangers of the battlefield are less worrisome

than the dangers of being publicly revealed as more-
than-human.

So what would motivate any such character to go
to war?

© Duty. Feudal obligation is the foundation of
feudal armies. A character of knightly standing, a
Captain of the People of an Italian republic or other
landholder has little choice. His standing demands
that he serve his landholder, regardless of the risk and
inconvenience. That doesn't mean that he has to
bring with him more than the barest socially accept-
able number of troops, or serve for more than the mere
40 to 60 days owed by custom. Unless the warlord
provides him with some other motive, he will serve his
time and leave, hoping that he will not be gone so long
that some other entity makes inroads on his demesne
and resources.

* Money. Silver coin is a powerful motivator. A
knight or soldier who is paid is expected to serve as
longas the money flows. Wages fora soldier are similar
to those fora skilled crafter working safely behind city
walls. A werewolf, mage or inquisitor who lacks re-
sources or land could do worse than make a living as
a soldier and scout for an opportunity to move into
some territory vacated by the death of its occupant. (A
Cainite would find it nearly impossible to masquerade
asacommon soldier for long.) This is not always a wise
plan. Pay is often late, especially if the campaign is not
going well. Soldiers enrolling in extended campaigns
in distant lands can demand half their pay up front,
which might be given to the knight or soldier's family
orallies to invest and form the basis of later Resources.
Pay is distributed not to the soldiers but to their lord
or captain by the royal marshal or noble's officer in
charge of the army; the opportunities for an unscrupu-
lous character to embezzle money or defraud his superior
are legion.

¢ Ransom. A would-be warlord promises plunder
and ransom. A captured knight is expected to ransom
himself, his armor and his horse, which represents a
large sum of money for his captor. Even groups of
peasants can be held for ransom. Any supernatural
character of even minor noble standing (or with a
noble ally) stands a good chance of capturing human
knights in battle. Their ransom can form the basis for
later Resources. If a character is fortunate enough to
capture the ally or vassal of another supernatural
character, the ransom may be something more inter-
esting than mere money. If ransom fails (though this
is rarely a problem), such an unusual captive may
provide useful information when interrogated. The


risks, of course, are that a supernatural character may
be more interested in and capable of revenge for
capturing or harming a vassal than a human noble is.
¢ Pillage. By convention, an invader can pillage
adefending city or castle that refuses to surrender. The
booty is piled together by the army and divided ac-
cording to custom and as rewards for courageous
service (in theory; in practice, it's really "first come,
first served"). Supernatural beings look for different
sorts of booty. Cainites primarily wish to plunder the
holdings of their rivals whose homes are to be burned
or destroyed during the pillaging. Inquisitors might
wish to safeguard (or seize) holy relics in the defending
city. Mages may search for rivals' laboratories and
Quintessence. Werewolves may try to capture an-
other sept's caern (or recapture a caern lost years or
centuries ago), find fetishes or just wish some trophies
of a Leech or other worthy foes for the next moot.

© Renown. Knights serve for glory —a chance to
earn reputation and offices by deeds of arms. Medieval
life is dull and hard. War is an opportunity for even the
dullest peasant or least knight to save the day, win the
battle and be noticed by the king or by God. War is
ting and addictive. It isa chance to exercise one's
darkest impulses in the name of a righteous cause.

The quest for glory, even among mere mortals, may
appeal toa werewolf as muchas to any knight. While the
army is busy with mortal soldiers, a werewolf may be
attacking Leeches in their lairs or rival tribes — all far
more worthy foes. Young knights make vows about how
many prisoners they will take or how many knights they
will kill (again, not unlike young werewolves ata moot).
Knights argue, often bitterly, about who will have the
honor of leading the first charge or attacking the most
heavily defended position. Reputations are won and lost
in troubadour's songs, tales around the camp fire and the
chronicler's pen.

ex

Crusaders take up the cross for faith. That same
call can reach deeply into an inquisitor's heart. Cru-
saders lead armies at the behest of preaching friars
priests, who exhort them to travel great distanc
free the Holy Land or smite the heretics of southern
France and northern Italy. Crusading has a number of
practical privileges, but these are secondary to the
religious rewards of fighting for one's Church and
God. No room exists for the moral quandaries that
cloud daily life. "Kill them all," said a leader of the
Albigensian Crusade, "God will know His own."

¢ Pardon. A warlord with legal authority can
offer pardons to prisoners who serve as soldiers and
knights. Those in political disgrace serve to regain
favor. This may be a useful way for a character whose

STOA BANNER

A warlord can try to raise forces beyond
OR those he is entitled to by feudal right
by appealing to greed, vanity or faith. A player
would roll Charisma + Commerce to simulate
bargaining with mercenaries and soldiers over
their wages. Che
glory, renown and Wealth in battl

isma + Leadership promises
while Cha-
risma + Expression promises heavenly rewards
for serving the Church against pagans, heretics
or foes who ate the most vile of sinners. Ma-
nipulation.can-be used.instead of Charisma if
the character wishes to spread rumors of glory,
renown or heavenly rewards instead of making
direct promises.

The base difficulty is 6 for a short cam-
paign that does not involve much travel.
The difficulty increases the further the sol-
diers must travel from their homes. Raising
additional forces in England for a crusade to
Outremer, for example, may be difficulty 8 or
even 9. The Storyteller may reduce the diffi
culty or give a player bonus dice if, for
example, the enemy isa traditional foe and
longstanding grievances are at work, or if
similar camps
successful and luerativ

ens in the past have been

The qualityandnumberofadditional troops
> up to the Storyteller.

nature and loyalties are suspect to shore up his repu-
tation in the mortal world and gain important allies
and influence.

© Demesne. A warlord can offer lands and offices.
After all, somebody has to garrison the areas captured
by the army. The chance to rule (either directly or
through a vassal) is a powerful motive for any charac-
ter who wants to establish a demesne Background.

Rebellion

Raising armies for offense or defense, when a war-
lord has the legal right to do so, is relatively easy. Raising
armies against one's lawful sovereign isa different matter

entirely. Raising a sword against one's lord is a betrayal
of the fundamental tenants of knightly honor. No one
ociate with a failed rebel. Few lords will
support a known traitor while success is in doubt.

wants to

Treason is harshly punished. A traitor forfeits his

land and often his life. Lords become fiendishly creative

in making an example of traitors. Traitors may be drawn
and quartered, the torn bits of flesh sent to various cities
to be displayed from the walls as examples. Rebellious
peasant leaders can expect torture before execution.
One count punished a rebellious peasant warlord by
crowning him with a red hot iron coronet.

A rebel noble may, however, appeal to custom or
law. If the lord acted dishonorably first, the rebel can
mitigate his punishment. If the exact feudal relation-
ship and duties are unclear, the rebel can claim he
honestly believed he was acting honorably. If the
rebel has powerful allies or strongly defended lands, he
can try to reach a political agreement with his lord,
although he is unlikely ever to be trusted again.

Rebellious townspeople or peasants are a different
matter. Peasant uprisings occur sporadically, often in
response to oppressive taxes or outrageous conduct by a
landholder. Often, the peasant leaders delude them-
selves into thinking that if only the king knew of their
plight, he would forgive them and set things right. Sadly,
no monarch dares reward even a well-justified rebellion
with forgiveness. The happy ending in which Robin
Hood and his men are rewarded by King Richard for his
loyal rebellion against King John is a peasant dream. A
peasant rebellion inevitably ends in tragedy.

+ PREPARIN

Vampires, werewolves and mages can easily find
themselves drawn into a human rebellion, or them-
selves rebelling against their "lawful" superiors. Once
arebellion begins, it is likely a fight to the death. If the
rebel can succeed, she may be able to defend her
newfound position against rivals. With her foe de-
ceased, the rebel can "prove" her rebellion justified
with proof of heresy, treason, necromancy or worse,
found in the deceased's home or tortured from the
deceased's former allies.

Ransom

Ransom is the best way for a knight to become
wealthy during wars. A captured knight is expected to
pay his captor a sum equal to the value of his armor and
his horse, and suitable to his own worth. The actual
amount is highly variable; a decent rule of thumb is one
year's income from the prisoner's lands and offices.
Ransom for a political enemy or rebel is much higher,
perhaps 10 times the normal sum. A captor might even
demand the surrender of key castles or holdings. Utterly
refusing to accept ransom is rare, unless the captive is a
heretic, traitor or non-Christian.

The captor holds the right of ransom. It can't be
sold, inherited or stolen; the captor's superiors, however,

THREE:
FOR

te

may claim a share in the ransom or a right to "buy out"
the ransom of politically important prisoners.

The captive gives a promise to pay the ransom,
backed by a promise of parole or oath of surrender. He is
usually held as a prisoner until the ransom is paid,
although kept in conditions according to his station.
Keeping prisoners in harsh conditions to encourage the
captive to pay as swiftly as possible might seem a viable
strategy but is in fact a terrible breach of etiquette that
almost assuredly results in recriminations later. For those
willing to brave such consequences, however, captives
can be denied medical treatment or tortured to speed
theireffortstoransom themselves. A few captors threaten
to hang their captives to induce their subject castles or
towns to surrender.

The captive's vassals must aid in ransoming their
lordas quickly as possible. This is one of the fundamental
feudal obligations. The captive's lord may also help pay
the vassal's ransom as a reward for faithful and honest
service, but this is not required by feudal custom.

A knight risks his own capture and having to pay
his own ransom. The sum could easily bankrupt a
holding in a difficult year, particularly if the captive is
on the defending side in a war and his own lands have
been raided. When a knight realizes a battle is lost and
capture imminent, he might try to disguise himself or
lie about his identity.

Ransom is almost exclusively a noble's right. A
group of peasants or a wealthy merchant might have
enough money to make the effort worthwhile. Simi-
larly, non-nobles cannot collect a ransom, but they
can "sell" their captives to their lord or their em-
ployer, who can collect it.

The supernatural inhabitants of the Dark Medieval
do not necessarily ransom their foes, especially dire
enemies. If ransom is offered, it is rarely as simple as
money. Captors might demand territory, knowledge,
training in the captive's otherworldly powers or nearly
anything else.

For simple monetary ransoms, a captive can raise
the amount through Resources. A typical ransom would
cost a Resource dot for a year. The captor temporarily
gains Resources. The Storyteller should compare the
captive'sand captor's relative wealth and decide whether
the ransom equals a full extra Resource dot or merely
allows the captor to purchase a few luxuries he might
otherwise not be able to afford.

If the captive cannot afford the ransom, he can
look to allies, retainers or the surrounding lands for
help. He can also try to raise more resources tempo-
rarily from his own lands (simulated by an Intelligence
+ Seneschal roll).

The Crusader's Brivileges

A character who makes a vow to take the Cross
gains a number of pragmatic privileges and rights. In
return, the Crusader promises to go on the long journey
to Outremer and fight against the Muslims. The Papacy
eventually extended the crusading idea to battles against
enemies in Europe. When the Papacy offered Crusader
privileges for shorter journeys — against heretics in
southern France (1209-1255) and against its political
enemiesin Italy (Markward of Antweiler, (1199-1202)),
many knights were enthusiastic volunteers. The ongo-
ing campaign against Spanish Muslimsand the upcoming
Teutonic knights' campaign against Baltic pagans are
popularly regarded as crusades, but they are not preached
assuch norare those warriors offered the same privileges.

When someone takes the Cross, he literally sews a
cross onto his clothing. The cross is worn from the
moment he takes the vow until the crusade is complete.
Acceptance of the sign of the cross marks a man in the
service of Christ and signifies his moral and spiritual
conversion. He has committed himself toa war that goes
beyond the secularand temporal to be subsumed into the
unending conflict between good and evil. Victory is
spiritual, and its reward is eternal life.

Upon taking the cro:
complete indulgence for all confessed prior sins. The
indulgence is the main incentive for many Crusaders
and the aspect most promoted by preachers. Even at-
tending a sermon preaching a crusade is good for a
remission of penance of 20 to 40 dé

the Crusader receives a

Of course, one gains material rewards as well:

© The Crusader is placed under the Church's pro-
tection as if he had temporarily taken holy orders. The
bishop or archbishop of the Crusader's diocese is respon-
sible for enforcing this protection.

© The Crusader's financial resources are protected
so that he can afford to go on crusade. If he owes debts,
the payments are suspended and interest canceled. Of-
ten he is immune from taxes and tithes. His property is
immune from seizure or lawsuit.

© The Crusader is protected from any legal punish-
ment that involves death or mutilation. He is forbidden
to engage in trial by combat. He may be able to choose
whether to respond to a lawsuit in a civil court or an
ecclesiastical court (as befitting someone under Church
protection).

© The Crusader is protected from summons to his
liege's court while preparing for departure and from
having to respond while abroad.

Ifa Crusader reneges on his vow, the Church can
excommunicate him. This recently happened to

—<Btelat - Miata a ~~

Emperor Frederick II, although he is currently rec-
onciled with the Pope. Generally, the Crusader has
a year and a day from making the vow to depart,
although some areas give him up to three years.

The Church also accepts a cash payment to redeem
an ill-considered vow. The payment, as well as dona-
tions to support a crusade, is handled by the preachers
authorized to preach the crusade and by accompanying
Templar and Hospitaler knights. They in turn must
account for the funds to the Papacy and to their orders.

Being a Crusader is neither a Merit nor a Flaw; the
advantages and disadvantages balance out. Generally, it
is easier for Cainites, mages and werewolves to gain the
protections of a Crusader for their domains by having a
retainer or Kinfolk who has legal title to the land take the
oath than to try to go on crusade themselves.

The Elements of the
Army

Knights and sergeants are the heavy cavalry and
infantry — the men in chain hauberks who lead charges
into the enemy forces. Soldiers are the backbone of the
army — while vitally important they are virtually ig-
nored by their superiors, the troubadours and the
chroniclers. Peasant levies and civil militias round out
the infantry and are often used to build siege engines and
set up camp. Camp followersare the noncombatants and
range from carpenters and teamsters, to friars and priests,
to merchants, laundry-women and prostitutes.

Acharacter could be nearly any member of an army;
a group of characters could be the knight and soldiers of
asmall household or the leadership of a mercenary band.
Characters may also try to draw their vassal Backgrounds
from military veterans.

Knights and Sergeants

Knights are fully armored and equipped mounted
soldiers. They are found in every country in Europe.
Knights are distinguished by their social class and by
their training to fight from horseback. Most knights
hold enough land to support themselves and their war
horses, and to pay for their armor and weapons.

Sergeants are, in a military sense, lesser knights.
Socially, they are knights who hold slightly less land and
are usually slightly less well equipped than a "knight."
They still use the "Sir" title and have the same rights and
obligations as any other landed noble. An army usually
has similar numbers of knights and sergeants, the exact
ratio varying by battle and by country.

as
—_ — ——~ a CHA
zs y \ Es. PREPAT

lances or spears; a cavalry shield; two war horses

" TypICAL Equipment

A knight typically has at least two dots in
Resources. A sergeant typically has one dot in
Resources: Knights typically have one or more '
dots in Retainers or a vassalage Background as
well. (The four demesne Backgrounds ate spe-
cific to their. supernatural entities. A normal ,
human knight's land and territory is represented
by his Resources.)
Resources ®: A. Aiainheaber: (Heavy Ar-
mor), often in poor;repair, or ring mail
(Composite Armor); alight helm; a broad sword;
several lances or spears; a cavalry shield; a war |
horse, A knight may also have a common mace
— a wooden club with'metal studs on the head
(treat as a Mace; see Dark Ages Vampire p.
248). Scale male (Composite Armor) is possible
but'rare in Europe.,
» Resources *: A chain hauberk (Heavy
Armor); a light helm; a broad sword; several

and a tiding horse. A knight may also have a
common mace. Generally he has a squire to care
for his horses and armor.
Resources ##¢: Avchain hauberk with leg |

guards (Knight's Armor) or a chain' hauberk

(Heavy Armor); a light or heavy helm as appro-

priate to armer; a broad sword; several lances or

spears; a cavalry shield; three or more war horses
and a riding horse, A wealthy knight may, also
have a mace — a solid' metal club with metal

vanes or flanges (see p. 50). Generally he has

one or more squires to care for his horses and
armor as well as several soldiers.
Resources ® © © © or more: A chain hauberk
with leg guards (Knight's Armor); a heavy helm;
abroad sword, bastard sword or great sword;
several lancés or spears; a cavalry shield; mul-

tiple war horses and riding horses. A, wealthy:

knight may alsahaye a mace. Generally he has
multiple lesser knights, squires and soldiers to

assist him.

A hand ax, similar to the Frankish francisca,
can be substituted for the broadsword but would
be uncommon. The Danish two-handed ax is
also uncommon because thesuser must give up
his shield. Few knights trust that much to their
mail, byt someone with supernatural defenses
‘may feel differently. (See'Atypical Equipment,
p. 50.)


A Cainite can, with difficulty, be a knight or
sergeant. The Ashen Knight discusses some of the
obstacles. On campaign, a knight would be expected
to ride, during the day, with the army and to lead his
troops into daylight battles.

The Poor Knights of Acre and male members of
the Murnau family (those who do not join the clergy)
are, by definition, knights or at least sergeants. Other
inquisitors may have been knights before they took
their holy orders.

Mages of the appropriate social backgrounds can
be knights. Their magic can make them exceptionally
powerful on the field, but they are still expected to
lead troops, wear armor and make charges.

Werewolves often make poor knights, unless they
have the Gifts to soothe horses and other domestic
animals. A werewolf knight also needs enough control
of his Rage to avoid frenzying in the midst of a
battlefield and panicking his own troops, not to men-
tion ruining his expensive armor in the process.

Mercenaries

Mercenaries are men (and some disguised women)
who decide to escape poverty, overpopulation, starva-
tion and chaos by joining or forming mercenary groups.
Their training and experience vary widely. It is rare for
their leaders to come from a knightly background, but
some are landless knights or sons who have no chance
of inheriting. A mercenary leader can be knighted for
loyal service, taken into a major household as a
household knight or given an office and entrusted
with an important garrison.

Most mercenaries are organized into small com-
panies of up to 300 soldiers. They usually come from
overpopulated areas with poor soil, particularly areas
prone to weak leadership and frequent struggles. Many
come from Brabant (France), Flanders (France),
Hainault (France), Provence (France/Holy Roman
Empire) and the Pyrenees Mountains (France/Spain).

Mercenaries are extremely unpopular with knights,
urban dwellers and the populace. Mercenaries who
break away from "official" command and begin ravag-
ing the countryside are a frequent menace. The Third
Lateran Council (1179) denounced these wandering
mercenaries (coteraux, from cultellus [knife], orroutiers).
Their unsavory reputation is a valuable intimidation
tool. Many towns surrender rather than risk being
pillaged by such men. Monasteries pay ransoms rather
than risk the blasphemies that mercenaries and their
camp followers are said to perform on pillaged altars.
If captured in battle, mercenaries can expect little

Typica EQuipMENT

A mercenary company generally plunders .
its equipment from the fallen‘omthe battlefield.
Its soldiers have a hodgepodge of mismatched
armor and weapons, generally in intermediate
repair. It is unlikely that a mercenary has more

| than three dots in Resources.

Typical armor ranges from none to Heavy
Armor. A light helm is possible. Melee weapons
vary widely; a broadsword and spear are most
common. Mercenary companies are often special-

~ ists with crossbows. A small shield or footman's
shield is common. Only the wealthiest and most .
successful mercenaries are likely to have a war
horse. The company as a wholé may have several
riding horses for scouting or messengers.

mercy. Many are executed, including their camp fol-
lowers. As prisoners, only the most famous leaders are
worth any ransom.

A mercenary company would be an extremely
useful and unusual hiding place for a Cainite. The
company generally travels with an encampment of
wives and lovers anda large baggage train. The Cainite
could shelter with the baggage by day and feed on the
surrounding army or countryside by night.

Similarly, a mercenary company would bea useful
hiding place for a group of werewolves, although
regaining Gnosis while traveling might be difficult.
Mages generally prefer a more sedentary life where
they can build their laboratories and libraries. Inquisi-
tors usually consider mercenaries sinful, more adanger
to their cause than a useful ally. Even so, both mages
and the Soldiers of God occasionally find uses for such
men, either as cannon fodder, information sources or
sometimes even recruits.

Common Soldiers

Common soldiers are the backbone of the army.
They may be free peasants, town levies or even men-
at-arms. Some serve for pay (usually equivalent to a
crafter in a town) or for plunder. Others serve because
their community is required by feudal duties to supply
a certain number of warm bodies and appropriate
equipment. Their training is generally poor to nonex-
istent. Their equipment is usually a mix of armor and
weapons, generally out-of-date and in ill repair. Knights
attack common soldiers mercilessly, as they are worth-
less as ransom. Some common soldiers are even
overridden by knights' charges from their own side.

ee ror See aaa
a ee SPOILSOFWAR - wa B:

Sgt

Typica EQUIPMENT

A common soldier generally has no armor or
Light Armor, a leather cap (functionally no armor)
anda variety of melee weapons (typically a broad
sword and/or spear). Shields are uncommon. Sol-'
diers who serve witha noble ora trained militia may
have bows or crossbows. Slings and staff-slings are -
uncommon. Soldiers from mountainous areas are
the most likely to have any skill with them. Staff-
slings can be used to throw small clay pots of
powdered quicklime or incendiary oil:

Those who survive their service generally return home,
never to re-enlist or appear in the army's rolls again.

Soldiers who are part of a knight's household or
mercenary company fare better. Their equipment is in
better condition. They generally have some training,
often as archers or shield-men. Their lord generally
fights near them and protects them from their own
overzealous forces. Their lord may even ransom them,
which gives those wearing a household badge some
value for ransom.

It would be difficult for a Cainite to be acommon
soldier. The eccentricities and vows that might pro-
tect a knight would be laughable insubordination in a
soldier. Inquisitors, mages and werewolvescould readily
serve as common soldiers, but most would not react
well to the lack of respect or autonomy.

Camp Followers

The army is not made of just soldiers and knights.
It is among the chaotic mass of camp followers that
those who deal with the supernatural find their most
comfortable home.

Warlords depend on clergy to maintain morale by
preaching, offering confession and communion to
soldiers on the eve of battle, and helping to bury the
dead. Saints' relics and blessed banners from major
abbeys are commonly carried into battle and must be
tended by appropriate clerics. War carts with religious
insignia are common rallying points. Friars and priests
commonly travel with the baggage train.

Well traveled merchants, scouts and former pil-
grims guide the army through unfamiliar terrain; maps
are virtually nonexistent. Scouts, spies and traitors
help the army find and avoid strongholds, river fords,
roads and supplies.

mountain passes,
Engineers and miners build siege equipment
and dig tunnels to undermine walls. Some armies

carry the needed parts for siege engines with them;

a ya
> CE
2 — oo
\ \ \ i=

others send foraging parties out to find sturdy wood
when a siege begins. An army also has a variety of
blacksmiths, carpenters, coopers and other crafters
to maintain its equipment.

Grooms and carters care for horses and supply
wagons. The average knight has at least two horses,
which need grooming, food and water. If the army is
camped at a siege, grooms and carters also have to
dispose of a prodigious amount of horse manure.

Women, often common soldiers' wives, follow the
camp to carry water, cook, mend and launder clothes.
Horses and soldiers need a large amount of water, which
has to be carried or carted from the nearest spring or
river. Prostitutes generally gather around a military
camp for obvious reasons. Many prostitutes are refugees
who seek food or money to support their families or seek
the protection of a soldier from foraging parties. Often
women help with foraging and pillage, care for the sick
and dying, and pick over the fallen on a battlefield,
dispatching the wounded who are not worth a ransom
and looting the dead.

Merchants, male and female, follow the camp or
travel to it with vital supplies at exorbitant prices.
Some obtain their wares from plunder and looting and
then sell the loot back to the army.

Refugees may gather around a defending army for
protection or to aid in repelling the invader. The
refugees may serve as prostitutes, as water carriers and
in other menial roles as needed.

All of these people march with the army, which
fortunately moves at a slow pace. Usually, camp follow-
ers pack up the tents and gear while the soldiers are
starting to march, which puts them at the end of a long
line of forces moving along a road or across the country.

When an army pillages a seized town or a battle-
field, camp followers are there with them. As with
soldiers, they can be punished for unauthorized loot-
ing (but rarely are). Some camp followers are also
scouts or foragers.

It is much easier for those who deal with the
supernatural to live among the camp followers than
among the soldiers. Camp followers do not have
formal duties and can slip in and out of the army with

Typicat EQuipMENT

-Acamp follower usually has no armor, helm
orshield. He (orshe) may have knives, hatchets, ;
clubs, cudgels, staffs and other weapons to de- |
fend the camp in case the ony is overrun or the _
baggage attacked.


relative ease. They generally take charge of the bag-
gage train and can easily hide any equipment they
need in it. Inquisitors may travel "openly" as clergy
with the army where they can preach and try to
uncover heretics and night-creatures among its ranks.
Cainites may travel among the camp followers to prey
on soldiers and knights each evening. Mages may
travel as advisors to warlords. Werewolves are least
likely to want to be within an army but will stand out
less among the camp followers.

Armies of the Shadows

Right of Princes discusses defending demesnes, but
what happens when the supernatural takes the offen-
sive? Some beings, such as ghouls, are barely
distinguishable from human soldiers. Others are fiendish
creations saved for shadowy battles between monsters or
as doomsday weapons to destroy an enemy's fortress.

Blood and Ghouls

Since Constantinople's fall to the Latin Crusad-
ers, no Cainite takes even a rumor of war lightly. Wars
are dangerous and dirty, and often make one's supper
late. They are also a tremendous opportunity to de-
stroy powerful foes under the cover of human attacks
and seize the suddenly vacant domain.

The first thought of many Cainites when a human lord
summons her retainers and herd is to wonder which of her
foes is using the demand as cover for an attack. The second
thought is how to use the war themselves to gain land and
territory. Cainites take advantage of Backgrounds such as
Allies, Contacts, Influence and Resources, as well as any
Disciplines, to find out more about the summons, the forces
involved and the target. If the prize looks inviting, and the
competition manageable, one may join the army herself.

The first concern is blood. A Cainite should leave
for war well fed, before famine and disease deplete the
herd. It is a good idea to take part of one's herd along
for feeding on the road. Feeding from the army in its
nightly camp is no harder than feeding in the seedy
district of an appropriate sized city or town, but fewer
places exist to hide if something goes wrong. A Cainite
can hunt in the surrounding countryside, but that
means traveling away from the army into the area
denuded during the day by foragers.

The second priority is one's resting place. Absent
sufficient dots in the Protean discipline, the only
secure place to travel alongside an army on the move
is with the baggage train. This implies ghouls (human
or animal), thralls or trusted retainers to defend her

crate from inspection or an attack on the baggage
train. A Cainite needs to be absolutely certain of her
guardians' loyalties. Betrayal or gossip is likely fatal.
She may contact potential allies along the army's
route to arrange resting places and to avoid unneces-
sary confrontations. Of course, she runs the risk that
her diplomatic efforts may come to her target's atten-
tion through spies or allies.

A Cainite who has mastered the Protean disci-
pline sufficiently to inter herself in the earth can rest
safely by day, but she then has to catch up with the
army after sunset or run ahead of it just before dawn
each day to rise where it is expected to camp.

While the army travels, she may scout among it
for potential childer to Embrace as canon fodder if
things go poorly. She might even find worthy long-
term prospects to help her protect a domain, should
she seize it.

Tzimisce lords call upon their szlachta and vozhd
war-ghouls. Tremere call upon their Gargoyles. These
creatures are mostly used in dark battles far from
mortal eyes. The mere sight of such a monster would
terrify a typical human army into uselessness, even
were it fighting on their side. Even if a Cainite is going
to war with his monsters, he is often careful to avoid
well traveled roads and large centers of population.
Foragers and scouts instead look for villages that can
be captured and destroyed whole to supply the thirsty
army on the march.

On Quest

What might a mage want froman army? Mistridge's
fall in 1210 was, for mages, a clarion call similar to
Constantinople's fall for Cainites. A mage, despite his
power, is very much human and most likely grew up
among commoners. He may hold land as a noble, be
called to service ina militia or levy, or have family and
friends called into an army. A mage may, of course,

join an army out of duty, desire for glory or a need for
wealth. More often, however, mages join armies for
power, supernatural plunder or as a matter of faith. A
few may even join to harvest spell components from
the battlefield, like the teeth of great warriors slain in
battle needed to make Dragons' Teeth (se Dark Ages:
Mage p. 198).

Anambitious mage might seek to travel among
the army as an advisor to a king or duke. Certainly,
a mage could do a great deal to swing the tides of
battle. If she couches her advice or arts in the guise
of astrology, a warlord might well listen. Unfortu-
nately, priests and friars traveling among the army

7 . al rox a
a a Lo lille GO —_
te el ——— -SPOILS-OFWAR + Se EEE SS zB
ois si Seca aa Wi Ped,

may object to an astrologer who does not show the
highest moral character. While astrology is an
acceptable art, even among some clergy, priests and
peasants alike might be suspicious that a successful
diviner is in league with darker forces. Even a mage
of the Messianic Voices needs to tread carefully
when encouraging crusaders against heresy and
Muslims. The mage risks becoming the scapegoat
for the first defeat, outbreak of disease or other
misfortune.

Old Faith mages are more actively involved as
advisors in the Baltic, where Christianity is not yet
dominant. There, Old Faith mages actively support
human armies against the Teutonic Knights and
their Messianic Voice allies. While these mages
typically find more unconditional acceptance than
Christian mages do, their brutal Aura still draws
others to look their way when fortunes turn against
the army.

Of all those who deal with the supernatural,
mages are the best suited to lead mercenary compa-
nies. They can be abroad during the day. They
don't panic horses and pack animals by their pres-
ence. They can hire their company in campaigns
that net them plunder from a rival's chantry.

A besieging army is also a good way to weaken the
mortal allies and defenses of vampiric Tremere. Some
mages of the Order of Hermes used the Crusades to
plunder Outremer for hidden knowledge and used the
Albigensian Crusade to hunt down the Tremere.

Mages can be found among the camp followers.
While camp followers have little formal power, a
village cunning man, or wise woman, may be in as
much demand as priests and friars among soldiers
seeking charms, amulets or just peace of mind
before a battle. Here too, a mage must walk lightly
to avoid the attention of priests and friars, who may
deem a popular wise woman a witch or heretic.

As with werewolves, mages have little privacy
in the army to conduct their rituals or use their
talismans and poultices. Familiars (animal or spirit)
and magical constructs may draw unwanted atten-
tion. The battlefield of 1230 is centuries before the
witch hysteria, but a medieval priest is still on
guard against maleficium and heresy.

Mages may create golems and other constructs, or
summon spirits to fight beside them. As with vam-
pires and werewolves, a mage rarely employs these
forces alongside human troops for fear of panicking
the commoners and drawing the Church's attention.
These powerful creations or allies are reserved for
battles against other equally fearsome foes.

<tc i == — Ct
» we», Rf

~~ RR
= : = ee ie
i ee eee
FORBATT Se ns

The Wolf's Howl

When Gaia's warriors hear the summons to war,
many longto fight for glory and renown. Little renown
comes from fighting human soldiers. Werewolves
have not seen the power of a mortal army victorious
over a major caern, as the vampires saw the destruc-
tion of Constantinople and the mages saw the
destruction of Mistridge (a great caern near Paris did
in fact fall recently, but not to an army — see Dark
Ages: Werewolf). A werewolf knows in her bones
that even a small army poses little physical danger to
her, unless the soldiers are equipped with silver. A
werewolf could, in fact, become a legendary warrior
among humans, were it not for the Litany's command
not to lift the Veil.

On the other hand, war is a good way to trim the
ranks of ever-growing human settlements. An urban
siege may disrupt the defenses of its Leeches and give a
pack of warriors a chance to clean out their enemies.
Alternatively, a pack might come together to protect an
urban caern from destruction ina human siege of the city.

Werewolves may battle other septs or tribes under
the cover of an army. The Litany forbids causing a caern
tobe violated. Some werewolves interpret this to require
capturing a caern if their sept can defend it (and their
original caern) better than the sept that holds the other
caern. Fenrir, in particular, are notorious for trying to
capture caerns they believe are vulnerable. If an attack
fails and weakens both septs' defenders enough for some
other power to destroy either caern, the attackers are
reviled for their misjudgment.

A werewolf in the midst of a human army needs to
be able to control her Rage and avoid frenzy. When a
knight treats a werewolf like another dung-covered
soldier, assuming Crinos form to gut him crotch to
pate is the surest way to disrupt one's allies and foes
alike. A werewolf needs to be able to cope with the
petty frustrations and slights of an army at war.

Werewolves, like Cainites, have distinct prob-
lems with domesticated animals; the army is full of
horses, dogs, mules, chickens and sheep. Any domes-
ticated beast will sense the wild Rage in a shapeshifter
and react poorly, unless the werewolf possesses a Gift
that mitigates that effect. Other soldiers and knights
will notice when the animals growl or whimper at her
passing and may investigate.

It is difficult to maintain privacy sleeping in tents
and under blankets. If a werewolf's fetishes are visible,
gossip may attract the attention of priests or friars.
Similarly, a werewolf may have to feign participation
in masses and sermons given in the field.


A werewolf could trail the army in wolf form.
Legends say wolves followed armies to feast on the
battlefield dead. A soldier who sees a wolf near the
army in wooded terrain would not think it remark-
able, but he might try to kill it or drive it away so that
it did not eat the wounded and dead.

Armor is another problem. Normally, clothing
shreds when a werewolf changes form. Armor, on the
other hand, may well injure the werewolf before it

breaks. The Rite of Talisman Dedication could allow
armor to be bonded to the werewolf's body. A werewolf
might be able to obtain cloth armor sufficiently loose
to survive transformation into Glabro and then pass
for human in the confusion of a battle, especially if the
character also wears a helmet.

Wars among werewolves usually involve packs,
Kinfolk and sometimes spirit allies, fighting deep in
the forest, far from mortal eyes. A pack that wants to
attack an urban pack or vampire might begin by
starting a fire or a riot to distract their quarry and the
local watch.

Sheepdogs and Cheir Flock

The Poor Knights of the Passion of the Cross of
Acre are a military order and may join any army, if
they deem the cause worthy. The Poor Knights share

rox

much of the public respect given to the Templars and
Hospitalers, the better-known military orders. Be-
cause the Poor Knights are charged with protecting
pilgrimage routes, warlords often seek them out as
guides and informants. A knight's willingness to assist
is often tied to his perception of the cause and con-
cerns about avoiding risk to pilgrims and holy sites
that might be pillaged by an army.

As do their brothers, the Poor Knights have a
well-deserved reputation for righteousness, bordering
on arrogance, which can spark tempers in a fractious
army. Poor Knights who entered the
from the Templars
tracized by their peers, which can also cause problems

nanarm

der as converts
and Hospitalers are generally os-

The Poor Knights are often active in surrender
negotiations for besieged cities, although their goal is
to capture the city ina way that does the most damage
to the servants and defenses of any night-fiends that
dwell within.

The House of Murnau is a noble family of the
Holy Roman Empire, and its

Iled to war as part of their feudal duties. The
complex, fragile politics of the Holy Roman Em-
pire often involve family members in diplomacy,
alliances and fund-raising as well. Murnau nobles

members may be

SPOISOFRWAR -


are acutely sensitive to night-fiend machinations
within the army or those who support it. Once a
Murnau noble has found a monster within the army
or its allies, he can try to unmask it or call for more
aid. Few better places exist to confront most fiends
than in the midst of an angry, superstitious group of
heavily armed men.

Normally stationary members of the Oculi Dei are
sometimes conscripted into armies. Itinerant Oculi
sometimes join the army looking fora chance to travel
and to spy on powerful rulers within the limited
privacy of an army on the march. A few become
permanent members (or leaders) of mercenary com-
panies, siege engineers, carters or clerks within a
noble's household. The lack of privacy also makes it
difficult for members to pass on their coded warnings
to other members of the Inquisition, but Oculi do
their best under trying circumstances.

It is possible, but unlikely, to find a Sister of St.
John ora member of the Red Order on the battlefield.
Both orders spend much of their time in their monas-
teries and cloisters. A monk of the Red Order or Sister
of St. John might be a refugee, traveling among the
camp followers after an abbey or convent was pillaged.
A monk might be a knight's confessor or advisor. A
nun of exceptional devotion, purity and strength of
character might be a knight's advisor or confessor. A
nun might also advise and escort a female noble, like
Queen Blanche of France, on campaign.

Logistics

Any warlord should worry about logistics; many
don't. Their campaigns trust to faith and luck, and
often fail in the field. Food and the problems of
transporting it over rivers, by roads, on pack animals
and in wagons is the single biggest limitation on the
size of the medieval army and on how long it can stay
in the field. Those who deal with the supernatural may
try to augment, or disrupt, an army's food supply as a
way of channeling it toward, or away from, their lairs
or a preferred target.

Anarmy that is tired, hungry, thirsty and feverish
will rebel or desert. Keeping the army well fed is only
partly the warlord's concern. He generally worries
about overall logistics. Each noble and mercenary
captain worries about where his men will find shelter
and food each night, and about the fodder and water
for their horses.

When a warlord provides food, it is not free. Royal
sheriffs and local officials can demand goods for the
army by compulsory purchase at a discounted price

and transport them to the marshaling place. There,
the warlord's merchants sell the food and supplies to
soldiers, nobles and captains at a slight profit. (The
warlord may also give food in lieu of wages or as gifts
and rewards.) No "mess halls" exist for the army as a
whole. Camp followers draw water, bake bread and
brew ale for their individual households or companies.

Food and Water

Primary sources guess the largest royal army at
about 20,000 to 30,000 soldiers and knights, and even
that is likely a generous overestimate. A typical royal
army in the field is less than 10,000 to 20,000 combat-
ants. An earl or baron's army is much smaller —
perhaps 100 knights and 300 soldiers for the largest
private force.

The royal army is the equivalent of a medieval
city, with all the attendant problems of food, water
and waste. In addition to that, about half of the
combatants are knights and sergeants, each with one
or more horses that need to be fed and watered each
night. An army waiting for good weather to cross a
river, or the English Channel, or embark for Outremer,
can do significant damage to the area around the port
as they consume all of the surplus food and fodder and
leave a massive pile of human and animal waste to
wash into the water supply.

In most of Europe water is plentiful. The army can
march near rivers and draw water as it needs it.
Adequate water is a much more significant problem in
Outremer, where its lack has cost many Crusaders
their lives. An army needs eight gallons of water per
horse per day, and at least one gallon of water per
human per day (often used to make ale).

Food is usually in the form of flour or grain and
pottage (beans, peas and oatmeal). Salted fish or meat
is less common. Each soldier and camp follower needs
a minimum of two and a half pounds of bread (which
needs two pounds of flour or three and a half pounds
of grain) per day. For an army of 20,000 or even 100,
all that grain quickly adds up.

Horses also need fodder. A single horse needs 10
pounds of hay per day and an additional 10 pounds of
oats if it is going to be doing heavy work. A knight's
horse can carry its own supplies, although richer
knights travel with a separate wagon or pack animal
(which also needs to be fed). An army on the march
does not have time to let horses graze for any signifi-
cant part of their meals.

Soldiers drink a gallon or more of weak ale per day.
(Water is often polluted and rightly deemed unsafe.) A

ON Se
és ——
z tt SZ end = 2


SUPERNATURAL LOGISTICS

& supernatural force's logistics are as com
OL plex as for their mundane counterparts.
A Storyteller can use the endless need for re-
sources as a way to drive characters to interact
with other supernatural' powers or to dissuade
characters from using a human army as the solu-
tion to every obstacle.

Vampires need blood to survive and even
more blood to sustain any ghouls. An army is a
portable blood source, but hunting in the midst
of fractious armed men has obvious risks. Simi-
larly, a herd could be wiped out ina single battle
or by disease. A vampire can forage as long as she
leaves either no trace, or ascene of carnage that
can be mistaken for another massacre by the
invading soldiers.

Werewolves need Gnosis to power their Gifts
and often to ‘supply their spiritual allies. A
werewolf can acquire Gnosis by meditation or
rituals, but an army is hardly the best place for
either peaceful reflection or summoning spirits.
Few septs will invite an unknown pack of
werewolves to visit their caern or attend their
moots.

Mages need Quintessence for their arts and
to feed their familiars. ‘As with Gnosis, it is
difficult to recover Quintessence on the march.
Characters with the Fount Background have less
difficulty, but even they will not wish to let their

reserves fall too lows A mage may be tempted to

seek out crays along the route, find supernatural
creatures to slay and harvest, travel into the
Umbra or divert a foraging party, or even the
entire army, to weaken a werewolf caern.
Inquisitors.are best suited for travel with the
army. They do nofneed Conviction in the same
sense as vampires need blood or as werewolves
and mages need Gnosis and Quintessence. It is
also much easier for an inquisitor to find an
appropriate place to pray than for werewolves or
mages to find appropriate sources of power; a
charismatic inquisitor could easily cobble to-
gether a flock with which to pray during a long
campaign. On the other hand, many horrible
things happen in wars that have nothing to do
with supernatural foes. An inquisitor may lose
heart at seeing the inhumanity of man against
man and find herself growing Callous (s
Inquisitor, p. 162).

batch of ale can be prepared in a day or less but sours
within a few days. The army's camp followers are often
continuously busy making ale in vats for each household.

Morale

Keeping an army composed of dozens or hundreds
of distinct units — each with its own training and
leadership — together on the road or in the field is a
difficult task. The would-be warlord needs to be char-
ismatic, first and foremost. His knights and barons
must be inspired, either t the rewards his
campaign promises, or the army will disintegrate
soon as its members' feudal duties have ended or a
delay in pay or plunder occurs. A warlord must be wary
of rival subordinates with strong reputations or large,
loyal followings. If the warlord should differ with his

1, the army could disintegrate into factions

A warlord's allies and subordinates may be gifted
manipulators, working behind the scene to keep the
army together. Clergy, merchants and moneylenders
may have powerful incentives to support a warlord for
faith or profit, or both. Vampires, mages, inquisitors
and werewolves can exert a great deal of influence
using their powers to quell diffe

s, to hold an army in the field, or to sow dissent
alousy until it disintegrates. A character who

nces, Or augment

y uses supernatural powers may find that she has
foes with similar powers opposing her. A struggle
between two or more characters for control of an army
is likely to destroy it. Alliances, betrayals and rivalries
areas likely among those who deal with the supernatu-
ral as among the army's mundane counterparts.

Training
A warlord does not need to train his army. Medieval
knights do not drill in groups and formations the way
that Roman legions did. At best, knights and soldiers
learn simple signals given by horn, drum or banners.
Instead, knights learn the art of war from practice,
hunting, tournament and combat. Military treatises are
rare, as is literacy. The chronicles and ballads are enter-
aining but no substitute for actual experience.
For the warlord, hiring knights and mercenaries is
argain. They arrive at the muster point at least
partially trained at their landholder's expense (or at
least forgone income). They usually also arrive
equipped, again at their landholder's expense. That
armor, horse and equipment is worth six to eight
ily wages for a skilled crafter.
arlord doesn't pay for this training or the use
of the equipment — daily wages for a soldier are not


much higher than for a skilled laborer. A warlord
might reimburse knights for lost horses if the knight
proves his loss with the horse's ears and tail, but the
custom varies. Even paying the knight in the field is a
bargain: the pay is just enough to feed and maintain
the knight, his equipment and his horses.

Men are not the only ones trained in battle.
Female landholders have the feudal duties to sup-
ply knights and soldiers too. A few even lead their
troops to battle. Eleanor of Aquitaine, it is said,
wore armor and led a group of armed women when
she went with her husband Louis VII on crusade in
1147-1149. Rumors of women dressing in men's
clothing as common soldiers to serve in the army
and on crusade also surface.

Women receive less formal training in weapons
and armor; noble women are experienced riders, how-
ever. A landholder's wife or widow is expected to lead
the household in defense of the lands and castle, so she
is usually familiar with basic tactics and equipment.
Townswomen are rarely formally trained but do de-
fend the walls and operate siege engines during attacks.
The women of Toulouse killed Simon de Montfort in
June 1218 with their siege engine during his attack on
their city.

On the Road

It may take months or even a year for a warlord to
assemble enough troops at the muster point for his
campaign. Once the army has assembled, it may be
delayed weeks, or months, by disease. If it is traveling
by sea, the army may be delayed waiting for favorable
weather or for the arrival of hired ships. The delay
means boredom, disease and desertions.

A large army stretches along miles of road. In
friendly territory, foragers may still spread across the
countryside to purchase grain and supplies from vil-
lages. Depending on the warlord's legal rights, the
"purchase" may be voluntary or by intimidation or
outright seizure. The lords through whose lands an
army travels certainly will not welcome the disrup-
tion. Often even anally will notallowa traveling army
to enter its walls, forcing it to camp in the outlying
fields while the commanders and clerks purchase
supplies. Again, delays securing free passage mean
more desertions and disease.

Once the army reaches hostile terrain, scouts
and foraging parties are let loose. They will likely
encounter their defending counterparts, resulting
in a series of skirmishes while the main army looks
for its opponent.

Siege and Camp

A stationary army is a bored army. Sieges are
usually longand dull. While carpenters, engineers and
miners are building siege devices and digging under
the walls, most soldiers are busy foraging or tending
their equipment in camp.

For the most part, the army lives in tents, under
tarps and in captured buildings of varying conditions.
Soldiers often sleep on the ground, hoping to find a
soft, dry spot for the night; knights usually have tents
and some may have portable beds in their baggage. A
besieging army can take the time to build shelters for
its men and horses or may just live in buildings outside
the walls that are out of reach of the defenders.

A stationary army attracts refugees, merchants
and prostitutes. The livelihood of the countryside has
been disrupted. The army may be the nearest source of
food, water, shelter and protection for those outside
the walls. These refugees multiply the warlord's logis-
tics problems as well as create obvious security risks.

Fevers and disease are common in the camp.
Sanitation is crude at best. Water supplies are often
contaminated. Cities in marshy areas are prone to
malaria. A siege may come down to a contest of
stamina to see whether the defender or attacker can
withstand the fevers and infections longer.

A city generally has a dependable supply of water
from its river that the besieging army can share.
Castles, on the other hand, may be distant from a
source of water large enough to support both the
attacker and defender.

Food for both the city and besieging army are
uncertain. The longer the army has to wait, the further
its foraging parties have to move into the countryside.
As the season progresses toward harvest, the besieger
can look forward to replenishing supplies. On the
other hand, as the weather grows wetter and colder,
the more difficult it is to shelter the army.

Bach at the Manor

Any soldier going to war is concerned about the
family and home he leaves behind. When a knight
goes to war, he must leave his home in the hands of his
wife and children. No postal service exists in the Dark
Medieval world. Even where there are dependable
merchants or messengers, many knights and most
soldiers are not literate; they neither receive encour-
agement from home nor "Dear Sir John" letters.
Characters with supernatural abilities may be able to
send information over longer distances, but even they
likely feel a nagging uncertainty about their family,


finances and lands. Unscrupulous characters may prey
on this uncertainty by manipulating messengers and
whispering rumors of betrayal or ruin.

By leaving, a man withdraws his labor from his
family. The margin between survival and starvation is
thin; removing too many young, fit men from a manor
or village, especially when their labor is most needed
for plowing or harvest, risks the entire village falling
into ruin. A soldier or knight may well see his own
village reflected in the faces of those he raids and kills
to feed himself and his troops.

Anoble's wife has some knowledge of how to defend
the manor and often is more knowledgeable than he
about its accounts. She simply does not have the same
rights or respect a male landholder does at court or in
defending the land. On the other hand, the knight's
superior and the Church are expected to make a special
effort to protect his lands in his absence. As a knight
looks at the scorched countryside around his army, he
may begin to wonder how well his wife is doing — and
whether his superior or the local priest is being far too
comforting to his wife in his absence.

For those left behind at the manor, fragmented
gossip is often the best news available about the war or
crusade. Wives and family often spend more time at
prayer, hoping their faith can provide a tiny edge to their
loved ones. They are vulnerable to charlatans offering
charms or divination. They are also vulnerable to neigh-
bors and relatives who may take advantage of their
husband orson'sabsence to press for advantages in court,
or just by intimidation or violence. A woman may find
herself the target of an amorous man trying to take
advantage of her loneliness or may actively pursue
company as her husband remains absent.

When the war is over, a soldier or knight's home-
coming may not be all that he has dreamed. The
longer he has been away, the more things may have
changed. His wife, having successfully provided for
herself for months, may be less willing to submit to his
authority. He, having seen the horrors of war, may
have nightmares that he cannot share with his loved
ones. Life, absent the risk of battle, may seem dull and
meaningless. A knight or soldier may find himself
craving the excitement of battle, the comradeship of
his fellows and the stark simplicity of survival.

Some of those who go to war die or return home
crippled. Others return home whole but burdened
with a ransom owed. A few will return changed —
alerted to the face of the Adversary in the world and
perhaps with a newfound faith; awakened by life-
threatening stress to their own magical potential;

undergoing their First Change far from home; or
Embraced and yet trying to return to their lives.

Being Besieged

A siege is rarely a surprise. Armies move slowly; a
fortress or town has ample time to gather supplies,
patch up walls and be flooded with refugees, their
livestock and their meager belongings. By the time
the army arrives, the gates are closed, the countryside
is as denuded as possible, and the fortress or town is as
prepared as it can be for an attack. Conditions are
cramped, at best.

The defender has little trouble finding warm
bodies to man the walls, build siege engines or pour
hot oil on the attackers, but training those warm
bodies takes time. Deciding which are trustworthy
and eliminating the vacillating and the spies take
even longer. Equipping those warm bodies with more
than rudimentary weapons and armor takes not only
time but also raw materials.

The defender tries to buy this time by negotia-
tions with the warlord. He needs to keep a careful eye
on supplies, imposing rationing when needed and
cracking down on hoarding and price gouging. He
needs to keep an eye out for vermin, spoilage and
sabotage. Some defenders even drive out the weakest
refugees, hoping the attacker will let them flee. In
some cases, the refugees become trapped between
both armies, pitiful wretches begging for mercy in a
no-man's-land.

The defender also needs to watch his water sup-
plies. Fora town or city, this is rarely a major concern.
It would be difficult to dam or divert a navigable river
to deprive the defender of sufficient water. Castles, on
the other hand, must surrender if their well runs dry
and cisterns are empty. A defender needs to be vigi-
lant if the water supply is limited, or could be polluted
or poisoned.

Disease is as much a problem for the defender as
for the besieger. Fevers spread rapidly in overcrowded
areas — and that's before the attacker starts lobbing
animal carcasses over the walls. A defender may need
to impose quarantines on the sick, trying to keep them
confined to a single area (see Chapter Two for more
information).

Within the city, quarters are overcrowded. Sup-
pliesare uncertain. Rumors fly rapidly. Some defenders
may lose heart and begin to confer secretly with the
attacker, try to sneak over the wall or mutter quietly
about a revolt. Others will begin to hide their most
precious belongings against the expected looting.

Site-9 \ - SPONSOR WAR - Z 3S

Bullies and rogues often profit in sieges at the
expense of the weak and honest. Bullies have no
qualms about extorting money, sex and supplies from
those unable to protect themselves while the local
authorities are busy worrying about the attacking
army. Workers and crafters, deprived of their jobs,
may turn to begging, theft or prostitution to survive.

Crowding creates a greater risk of fire, which
spreads rapidly through the mostly wooden structures
of a typical town. The defender sets watches, armed
with buckets of water, ladders and long hooks, against
fire, but they cannot be everywhere at once. If the
attacker starts lobbing flaming ammunition over the
wall, he destroys many of the town's valuables, but he
might also intimidate other towns into surrendering
without res'

ance.

If the situation looks desperate, people flock to
churches, preachers, friars or nearly any charismatic
person who offers them hope. People may betray their
kin, sell their ancestral homes or barter their very souls
for a promise of safety. An unscrupulous character can
profit well by playing on these fears.

Cainites, werewolves, magesand inquisitors caught
in a fortress or town under siege have many options.
They can flee — most have many options for escape
that cannot be duplicated by mere mortals. They can

spy on the enemy. Many have keen senses and abilities
to slip past the walls into the siege camp. They can
spread dissension, either in the fortress or town to
force surrender instead of holding out and being
pillaged, or in the besieging army to try to force it to
withdraw. They can try to reach allies, mortal or
otherwise, to relieve the siege.

War's Domain

Campaigns in 1230 are rarely a series of continu-
Instead, a war is really a series of raids,
pillaging, sieges, ambushes and surprises. Pitched
battles are rare. The attacker risks average casualties of
5 to 20 %. The defender, in turn, risks average casual-

%. Thus, few leaders risk the chance of

ous battle:

ties of 20 to 50%
death, crippling injury, ruinous ransom or political
disaster that accompanies a battle even on the most
favorable terms if they can find other ways to achieve
their goals.

"Hot spots" flame intermittently as a warlord
raises troops, makes a few quick attacks and hopes that
some quick victories and plunder will keep his army
together past the traditional 40 to 60 days of feudal

service (although as the practice of
scutage gains in popularity, this is less
of aconcern). When the warlord runs

ce ye
CA "Ze e
av
le
~
Bimsi= _— +¢ TER-THREE + EY ALE EER EN
Ne NA ee PON ens OR Es a ~~ x


out of money, supplies or success, his army tends to
disintegrate as his vassals and soldiers finish the ser-
vice they are obliged to give. The warlord then must
retire to his strongholds and hold any conquests while
raising funds and soldiers for another foray. The cam-
paign season, at least in northern Europe, begins
around Easter and ends around the harvest. Few
armies remain in the field over winter.

Hot Spots

Human beings don't seem very adept at peace.
Although the Sixth Crusade is over, numerous battles
still rage all over Europe. The causes for such have
been discussed already (in Chapter One), but their
locations bear some attention as well.

The supernatural forces at work in the Dark
Medieval aren't officially at war but certainly aren't
peaceful cohabitants of the land, either. The
werewolves take offense at the very existence of the
undead, hunting them down and scattering their
ashes when the Cainites ride too close to the wild
places. The Mystic Fellowships each have their own
goals, but few mages are above slaying a supernatural
being and harvesting its body for Tass — and this
includes both vampires and werewolves. The Cainites,
for their part, spend most of their energy fighting each
other in a campaign to win land and blood for their
lords in the War of Princes, but the other denizens of
the Dark Medieval occasionally provide obstruction
or opportunity. Finally, the wild element in all of this
is the Inquisition. Despite what the Theodosians
might say, God does not allow for compromise. The
unholy must perish in flames.

Specific "hot spots," both mortal and supernatu-
ral are listed below:

Eastern Europe

Eastern Europe is an ongoing battlefield. The Teu-
tonic Knights have begun a long campaign to conquer
Prussia. Hermann von Salza, the order's Grand Master,
has recently been named a prince of the Holy Roman
Empire. The knights were recently expelled from Hun-
gary by King Andreas II, who feared their power
threatened his own, but a few knights are still active.

The Brothers of the Sword based in Livonia, in
the Baltic, have not yet joined the order, but they are
frequent allies. The Brothers of the Sword are in-
volved inacontinuousseries of raids, revolts, conquests
and defeats. Knights from elsewhere in Europe some-
times join in campaigns in the Baltic and Prussia, but
most remain busy with wars closer to their homelands.

Hardestadt the Elder and his childe Lord Jiirgen
actively support the Teutonic Knights and have been
using their advances as part of an ongoing campaign
against the Tzimisce. The Tzimisce are, in turn, caught
between the Ventrueanda bloody war with the Tremere.
The isolated forests and mountains of Eastern Europe are
one of the few places where Cainites can make war
openly with little fear of mere mortals intervening.

The Tremere, in turn, are also fighting on two
fronts. As Cainites they must defend themselves from
the Tzimisce. As mages, they are under attack by the
Order of Hermes. Fortunately, Eastern Europe is far
from the strongest Hermetic chantries. While mages
may seek allies among the Tzimisce, such alliances are
generally short and ill-fated. Instead, Hermetic mages
have been busy trying to strengthen Venetian-backed
Constantinople to use it as a base against their foes.

The Garou of Latvia war with the Brotherhood of
the Sword and theirallies (although the human knights
seldom know exactly what they face). Many of their
Kinfolk have been slain. The Red Talons, Silver
Fangs, Children of Gaia, and Fenrir are all actively
trying to resist the Christian invaders. In the same
manner, the Valdaermen and Old Faith mages are also
essed by the Christian knights. They have
ing local armies in resisting the invaders but
have been unable to unite the defenders under a
sufficiently strong leader.

The Inquisition is aware of many problems in East-
ern Europe, but it also has pressing problems closer to
Rome. The area would bea fertile ground forany cell, but
it is far from dependable support and information.

England and the British Isles

The English monarchy has been involved in on-
going struggles on the borders with Wales and with
Scotland. Tensions also continue with France over
the lands John I lost in Normandy and Poitiers.

The Order of Hermes is busy expanding its
chantries in and around Oxford University (50 miles
west of London). The Oxford student/town riot of
1209 was partly encouraged by Hermetic mages, who
used the riots to locate and destroy several ghouls in
service to the vampiric Prince of Oxford. Elsewhere in
England, the Old Faith is dying out but still defends its
followers and its crays from intruders.

The British Isles are home to the Fianna, Fenrir
and Silver Fangs. Centuries ago, Scotland was once
home to the White Howler tribe, now lost to the
Wyrm. As England expands into Wales and Scotland,
many Fenrir and Fianna septs are losing their tradi-


=

tional hunting grounds to the Silver Fang allies of the
English nobles. The Germanic Fenrir and the Scandi-
navian Fenrir often fight among themselves but will
unite with their Fianna allies against a hostile invader
or sign of the Wyrm.

The Inquisition is becoming active in England.
The area boasts few organized heretics to draw its
attention. English pilgrims are well represented on the
routes to Santiago de Compostela, however, and each
tale the Inquisition hears about the night-folk of
England brings the Soldiers of God closer to the Isles.

France

Northern France is not a "hot spot" for warfare. The
major barons and counts are testing the power of young
King Louis IX and his regent, Queen-Mother Blanche of
Castile. The king's support still remains strong. Slowly,
the truculent major landholders are ending their rebel-
lionsand swearing fealty to the crown. Ongoing tensions
with England over the lands Philippe Il Auguste cap-
tured in Normandy and Poitiers simmer, but the tensions
do not look likely to erupt in war.

Paris is the heart of the Courts of Love. Vampiric
politics are vicious but rarely openly violent. Open war-
fare among northern French Cainites is rare, at least so far.

The ongoing strike at the University of Paris is
making study difficult for the mages among the students
and faculty. Several mages are among those trying to find
a diplomatic solution to the dispute over whether the
French monarchy has the power to discipline university
students and faculty or whether the university body is
subject only to its own leaders and, ultimately, the Pope.
Parisian friars continue to teach despite the ban, causing
friction between Hermetic mages (who support the
university's struggle) and Messianic Voices mages (who
support the friars). This friction sometimes turns into a
street riot but would not spark an actual war.

Northern France has been very well settled for many
generations. Several werewolftribeshave caers in France.
Some tribes have been pushed toward less settled areas in
Auvergne, Brittany, Dauphine and along the Alps and
Pyrenees, where they have found Wyrm creatures. The
Garou are pressed into uncomfortably small hunting
grounds and the strain is starting to show among them.

Inquisitors are active in Paris, which is a stronghold
of the Red Order. Many have a strong sense that a
number of powerful night-fiends have their claws in the
city. The Inquisition has hopes that Queen Blanche and
her son will remain strong in their faith and have been
actively trying to keep the Adversary's minions away
from the royal court. Again, the most overt sign of this

struggle is a riot or brawl in which a servant of the
Adversary is killed or wounded.

Paris at one time also held a great caern, controlled
by the Warders of Men. That caern has fallen into the
hands of a cult known as the Circle of Red. The Garou,
naturally, don't plan to take this insult lightly and even
now search for a way to break the sorcerers' power. The
fact that the ceremonial garb of the Circle of Red is
similar to that of the Order of Saint Theodosius, how-
ever, promises needless bloodshed in the future.

Even the Albigensian Crusade in the southern
French county of Toulouse is ina lull following the Peace
of Paris. Some ambitious soldiers and knights expect the
truce to fail and are looking for adventure in the area.
Most, however, are moving on to more restless areas or
are taking advantage of the truce to lick their wounds.
Inquisitors are active in Toulouse, searching for adher-
ents of the Cainite Heresy. They have successfully
eradicated most of the heretics, but a few pockets re-
main. Inquisitors might be surprised to find that Queen
Esclarmonde, the vampiric Queen of the region, is
likewise trying to purge the remnants of the Heresy, if
only to be rid of the Crusaders infesting her lands.

The HolyRoman Empire

Unrest continues between the German princes and
the Holy Roman Emperor. Frederick II has been giving
the German princes a great deal of autonomy in return
for their support of his policies in northern Italy. This has
led to conflict with Frederick's son, Henry (VII), which
some expect to lead to outright rebellion.

Germany isa fractious, busy place with lots of small
conflicts to attract warlords. Rivalries and intrigues
among the Cainite princes involve Hardestadt the El-
der, the exiled Alexander of Paris, and the French
Courts of Love. Their struggles might spark, or take
advantage of, mortal wars. Cainite struggles in Eastern
Europe may also have repercussions at the heart of the
empire as various forces search forallies in their struggles.

The Fenrir hold the Black Forest, despite challenges
from other tribes, including Black Furies raiding from
their caerns in Eastern Europe. A savage group of Feral
Cainites (the Schwarze Rudel or Black Pack) also chal-
lenges the Fenrir's dominance of the forest. The Shadow
Lords, Silver Fangs and Red Talons also have powerful
septs in forests and wooded areas. The Warders and Bone
Gnawers are active in the trade cities of the Hanse
battling the Leeches and occasionally mages.

Mages are active in Germany, but they are not
engaged in any major internal struggle. They may easily
come into conflict with Cainites, werewolves or the


Murnau family (one of the major components of the
Inquisition) if a war breaks out.

Seria

The Reconquista is ongoing. The Christians are
confident of their ultimate victory. The Christian kings
of Castile and Leon won a major victory in 1212 at Las
Navas de Tolosa. Majorca, an island group in the Medi-
terranean, has also recently fallen to the Christians.
Castile is only now beginning to exploit the victory as
the remaining Muslim states fracture in internal dis-
agreements. Cordoba and Seville are being strongly
pressed. Within a few decades, Grenada will be the only
remaining Arab stronghold. Iberia is still an active place
for mortal warlords seeking glory, plunder or redemption
in battle.

Iberia isa stronghold of the Lasombra, but a number of
otherclans have made inroads during the Reconquest. The
ongoing wars have upset centuries-old power balances
among the various princes. Certainly, Arabic Cainites are
not giving up their domains without a hard battle.

A similar battle is being fought between various
werewolf tribes who have Kinfolk among the Christian
and Arabic populations. The Children of Gaia try in
vain to keep mortal struggles from overflowing into
brutal wars among the Garou.

Hermetic mages travel with Crusader armies in
hopes of plundering Arabic libraries and sites in the
remaining kingdoms. Mages from the Messianic Voices
similarly travel among the Crusaders to inspire them to
recapture the entire country. Both groups also spread out
across the conquered countryside in search of hidden

strongholds and crays, occasionally coming across hold-
outs or werewolves defending their caerns.

The Inquisition, especially the Poor Knights of
Acre, hasbeen active in the area. Some groups patrol the
pilgrimage routes to Santiago de Compostela in Leon.
Others are prowling around the newly conquered areas
looking for night-fiends in the rubble.

Staly

Italy is brimming with potential for a would-be
warlord. Frederick I] and Pope Gregory IX have been at
war for two years (1228-1230) over Sicily. They reach
a truce in July 1230, but the tensions remain. Frederick
II continues to have small skirmishes in Sicily trying to
maintain his hold over his Norman kin.

In northern Italy, the communes are expecting
another war with the Emperor. Frederick II is consider-
ing another effort to assert his imperial rights over the
northern cities. Diplomats and messengers are traveling
between Milan (the traditional leader of any anti-

imperial alliance) and the other city-states searching for
allies and mercenaries.

Northern Italy is overpopulated with vampires,
which makes politics complicated and deadly. Several of
the northern communes have multiple factions, even
multiple princes, each involved in alliances and rivalries
with the others. With enemies so close to hand, battles
are usually disguised as street riots, not wars. Several
childer look to the chaos of the Albigensian Crusade and
dream about killing their sires — or rivals — and
blaming the deaths on Frederick II's armies.

Northern Italy is has its share of mages, especially
around the University of Bologna and its competitors.
Outside the universities, large numbers of merchants
make for a literate, numerate population with many
clerks, notaries and scribes.

Centraland Southern Italy and the islands of Corsica,
Sardinia and the interior of Sicily are less thoroughly
settled. There, werewolves still have ample space to
roam and fight with each other over territory. Warders,
Shadow Lordsand Bone Gnawer septs near many Italian
cities find themselves drawn by their Kinfolk into the
fractious, often violent, politics of Italian communal life
and strain to avoid lifting the Veil. Several septs hope
that the upcoming struggles between Frederick II and
the northern communes will give the opportunity to
thin the ranks of Italy's Leeches.

Rome is the spiritual headquarters of the Inquisi-
tion. Inquisitors have their hands full trying to protect
the pilgrims who come to Rome. Cardinal Marzone's
efforts to cleanse the Adversary from the Lateran and the
Papal Curia progress slowly, if at all. Another war, and
perhaps another sack of Rome itself, might give the
Inquisition the opportunity to execute some of its nigh-
untouchable foes, although at a high cost in casualties.

Latin Empire

Refugees from Constantinople (mortal and other-
wise) scheme to free their fair city from the
Venetian-backed Emperor. Emperor Baldwin II faces
pressure from the Despot of Epirus, the Emperor of
Nicaea and the King of the Bulgars. At this point,
Baldwin II controls little outside Constantinople itself.
Intrigues among the various successors to the Byzantine
Empire will keep a mercenary gainfully employed as long
as he wishes to fight.

These intrigues also play out among various Cainite
factions. Constantinople's fall killed many Cainites,
including Michael the Patriarch. The survivors fled,
along with many Greeks, to the various successor states
where they plot revenge on the western Cainites who
killed their allies and stole their homes. Bishop Alfonzo

ee ror roa :
00s. ae oS = POIKLS'OPRWAR + — fae
WES *~ S—eFOOre mG SC )_<

of Venice, current Prince of Constantinople, has a
precarious hold on the city. Greek Cainites loathe him
as an invader, and western Cainites as a champion of the
Cainite Heresy. So far, none of the factions has made a
forceful move against him, but the balance could turn to
an open battle for power at any time. The leaders of the
Byzantine successor states have been lending ghouls and
childer to Greek armies attacking the Latin Empire.

Asia Minor and the Black Sea are somewhat of a
backwater for mages. The Crusaders stripped most of the
best libraries when Constantinople was captured in
1204. The Old Faith remains strong in the countryside,
intermittently lending a hand to one faction or another
against the Latin invaders.

Greece, the Byzantine countryside and the Aegean
Islands are home to the Black Furies. Many tribes believe
the Wyrm and its Leech minions are responsible for
Constantinople'sfall (although they also look to the Proph-
ecies of Shadow foranswers). Werewolves from other tribes
came in the aftermath of the Fourth Crusade to look for
enemies. Some stayed and established septs along the coast
alongside kinfolk colonies. They too are becoming in-
volved in the struggles for the remnants of Byzantium.

Outremer

Frederick II returned from his crusade in June
1229, leaving behind unrest and dissent between his
supporters and the "native" Crusader factions. A lull
has occurred in the ongoing struggle between the
Christian colonies and Muslim forces, but it is not
actual peace. Crusaders still trickle to Outremer from
Europe to demonstrate their faith or to do penance for
some great sin.

The Crusades are not going well. Popular enthusi-
asm has begun to wane. Crusaders are distracted by
closer battles in southern France, Iberia and sometimes
even Italy. Many of those who went to Outremer to
capture power and information from the Muslims have
begun to sense the changing wind and have moved their
prizes to strongholds in Europe. Others try to fan enthu-
siasm in the Crusades in hopes of winning further glory.

Even among vampires, werewolves and mages en-
thusiasm has waned. Whatever glory, knowledge or
power one might have found in the early Crusades has
already been achieved. Those who remain in the colo-
nies fight to retain their gains, but even they are slowly
sending their plunder back to Europe where it will be safe
if a swift retreat is necessary

The Poor Knights long for another Crusade and a
popular leader who can draw and hold a powerful army.
Frederick II proved a disappointment — a good leader,
but excommunicated by the Church over political
struggles. A few are looking speculatively at the pious
boy-king Louis IX of France. At present, he is needed in
Europe. If he proves to be as strong as his grandfather
Philippe II Auguste, the knights may have someone to
lead them away from the shadowy battlefields of Europe
to safeguard Jerusalem once and for all.

Scandinavia

Scandinavia seems far from the "civilized" courts of
Europe, although it is much closer than Constantinople
or Jerusalem. No pilgrimage sites draw the curious north.
The kingdoms themselves are scarcely Christianized.
Scandinavia is the folk land of monsters — and of the
Vikings who pillaged Europe not all that long ago.
Rumors of civil war drift through the few cities and swirl
around the noble courts. European knights and soldiers
facing foes raised in the Viking tradition may be horri-
fied to find that ransom is not a strongly established
custom; many Scandinavians fight to the death and
execute foes.

The population is small and scattered, leaving little
room for Cainites. The north is home to the Gangrel, the
south to Ventrue, Brujah, Lasombra and Toreador, all
relative newcomers to the land. Relations between the
clans remain tense, with intermittent raids which can
easily turn into civil wars.

Similarly, Scandinavia is a stronghold of the
Valdaermenand Old Faith mages who defend their isolated
chantries from curious outsiders. As in other areas, these
powerful crays will not fall easily to the invaders.

Scandinavia is home to the Fenrir. The Fenrir have
fought and defeated many of the Cainite einherjar who
plagued the northern wilds. Theirrecentvictoriesagainst
the Cainites have made the Fenrir confident of destroy-
ing their foes, driving out the Church and returning to
the old days when they and their Kinfolk raided and
raped across Europe. The dream is hopeless, but the
battle will be glorious.

Scandinavia is barely on the Inquisition's list of prob-
lems. So much is to be done in Scandinavia that it, like
Eastern Europe, is left to isolated cells that are uncovering
a problem far larger and older than they expected. As in
Eastern Europe, many night-fiends are used to fighting
openly in areas that have been theirs for centuries.

Pee — OA. SS WT es
<i sSz's HAPTER ee Meni = 1
¥ \ = PREPARING FORBATTLE kn



HAPCER ROUR:
ASHES, AND
BLOOD

"Flavit deus et dissipati sunt."
"God blew, and they were scattered."

— Anonymous

Dark Ages characters of all types can form power bases around
resources, holy ground or simple ancestral territory. The one sure
thing that owning land indicates, however, is that some night,
someone will want to take it.

The four demesnes that appeared in Right of Princes appear
here again — and each meets its destruction or usurpation at the
hands of another type of character. While a certain amount of
"crossover" is therefore unavoidable, we have taken pains to
present these "destruction vignettes" from the perspective of the
aggressor (as they were presented from the perspective of the
"defender" in Right of Princes). These vignettes include sidebars
giving the names of the important "defending" characters and any
pertinent details, but full information, of course, is available in
Right of Princes.

As before, these vignettes should not be considered "canon";
future books, including any regional sourcebooks that cover these
areas, will not make reference to them. They are included purely for
purposes of inspiration for players and tools for Storytellers.

+ CHARTER FOUR

SHESANID BLOOD =

104

The Fall of the House
of SUF

The events that would ultimately lead to the end
of the Raven's Wing cabal of Valdaermen began sev-
eral years ago in, of all places, the independent states
and baronies that had once been a united Poland. It was
there that a handful of Cainites banded together into
what seemed, at the time, to be a fairly ins ant
coterie. They shared no common history, no common
bloodline, not even — at least at first — any common
goal. No, what bound these four together were the
simple facts of their lowly status and their ambition to
escape it. For all were of the so-called Low Clans,
looked upon with disfavor and disdain by those who
hold power in Cainite Society. In these turbulent
times, however, even the Low Clans may grab for that
power, may rise up and become more than they are, and
it was to this cause that these four disparate vampires
bound their efforts and their will.

Unfortunately, they had little time in which to
birth their intrigues, for the Teutonic Knights, and the
Ventrue Jiirgen who hides among them, turned from
their defeat in Hungary and advanced on Poland, there
to assist several Polish lords in their war against Prussia.
Lord Jiirgen is not the sort to tolerate any chall
his authority, nor were the local T:
likely to accept the presence of an ambitious coterie of
the fallen. Faced with enemies on all sides, enemies too
powerful to challenge, the coterie chose to flee Poland.

This was, to them, but a temporary setback. As
soon as they had sufficient resources to build a force of
their own, they would return and claim at least one of
the Polish territories as their own, and damn any who
said otherwise.

nge to

misce voivode:

But how to raise monies and resources as vast as
those that would be required for such an undertaking?

The Coteric

It was with a definite sense of irony and defiance
that Ludwik Dymitr of Clan Nosferatu suggested the

ULr's Haut

Tex his house of great wealth, left over from
the days of Viking, lies on a tiny, mist-
shrouded island just north ofa nondescript fishing
village in Norway where wizard and commoner
alike continue to practice the Old Ways. The hall
itself is accessible only to the rune-wise, Those
who lack the gift of Odin's sight find themselves
led astray upon the foggy waters, usually only to
> from the mists at the banks from which

they departed.

In addition to its power as a cray, Ulfs Rall
holds a fortune in plunder. Powerful weapons,
forged by strong smiths and wielded by great fight-
ers, hang from the walls. Jeweled cups of gold sit
upon the table and a drinking horn, torn from a
dragon's skull, dangles from Ulf seat. It isa fortune
the likes of which few might ever set eyes. upon.
Behind the large chair, the runes Fehu (posses-
sions) and Eihwaz (protection) are carved into the
timbers, along with a lengthy warning for the
would-be thief, regarding a curse Ulf placed upon
the treasure. It is free for the taking to one who
would put it to honest ends in service to the All-
Father, but it must not be spent frivolously, nor
must it be taken in greater sum than is needed for
a single endeavor.

A cabal of four Valdaermendwellsin Ulf shall
and watches over its treasures. Brand Grydsson is

Sf

+ SPOILS OFWAR -

ab oe = Eee

the keeper of the hall and is generally regarded as the
leader of the cabal, as well as being the most capable
magus among them. He is a towering and barrel-
chested warrior whose intimidating physical frame
conceals a keen and incisive mind.

Gerti Eriksdottir is the wisest of the Valdaermen
of the Raven's Wing. She tempers Brand's stubborn-
hess with simple common sense (sometimes
disguising it in the form of "divinations" or "signs" if
he is being particularly bullheaded on an issue)
Gerti is a comely woman and is well loved by the
people of the tiny fishing village that has grown up
on the coastline near the hall.

Ketil Svensson is a reserved, quiet young man.
His black hair is a mark of foreign heritage, but
Brand also considers the young man's dark mane to
be a'sign of the All-Father's favor, as it has the dull
sheen of raven's feathers. He has taken on the
unofficial position of doling out Ulf's wealth to the
other members of the cabal.

One day, Gunnar Nyalsson is likely to take
control of Ulf's Hall from Brand. A strapping and
powerful youth, he is probably going to outstrip
his mentor's physical might when he is fully
grown, ina year or two. Gunnar is popular with
the townsfolk (most especially the village's few
young women), and all feel relaxed and at ease
when in his presence.

ae
~<a
a > pit


name "Bar Sinister" to his coterie-mates. Taken from
European heraldry, the Bar Sinister is a line embla-
zoned across an ensign, from upper left to lower right,
indicating that the bearer of that ensign is illegitimate.
All things considered, it seemed appropriate.

Ludwik is the leader of the Bar Sinister, inasmuch
as the coterie recognizesa leader atall. The eldest of the
four, the Nosferatu pos: he greatest knowledge of
Cainite society and politics, picked up during his many
years of skulking and eavesdropping. He is a tiny,
twisted creature, barely topping five feet in height,
although he might well adda full six inches to that were
he capable of standing upright. His face is quite literally
lopsided, the left side lower than the right, giving a
perpetual tilt to his head. Ludwik's ambition is fueled
by spite; he seeks power not for its own sake, but so he
might torment those who would torment him merely
for what he is.

Tshaya, a young Hungarian peasant, was Embraced
into the Clan Tremere by amagus who believed—falsely
— that she possessed true powers of prognostication.
Despite so inauspicious a beginning, she has advanced
rapidly in herstudies, and only heraspirations have grown
faster than her grasp of Thaumaturgy. She has become a
powerful witch, but her knowledge of Cainite ways is
limited. Had she not found her companions in the Bar
Sinister, she would sooner or later have found herself in
trouble she could not easily escape.

Perhaps the most power-hungry of the group,
Andreas Andreason isa Malkavian born in Norway but
raised and Embraced in England. He is especially
driven, and his obsession with advancing his position
in Cainite society may well be emblematic of his
madman's curse. Andreas does not look the typical
Northman — his blond beard is clipped in a stylish
goatee, his hair cut short, and his frame lanky rather
than powerful. Andreas makes no secret of the fact that
he follows Ludwik's leadership only because, for the
time being, he has no better ideas.

Finally, and most apparently out of place, is the
French Setite Juliote de Sost. Juliote has precious little
interest in power for herself, but she requires monies
and resources if she is to succeed in her eventual goal of
infiltrating one of the Cainite French Courts. Juliote is
blonde, ravishingly beautiful — a fact only enhanced
by her mastery of Presence —and notatall above using
her appearance, or any other advantage she might
have, to obtain what she wants.

Selecting the Target

It was Andreas who, during the coterie's debates
over how and where to obtain the necessary re-
sources to make their mark on Cainite society,
dimly recalled the rumors, whispers and legends of
his childhood. Village gossip, or so he remembered,

— <i coe
PAYS S "CH FOL oY A SR YY ee
~ Ae - a. SHESAND BLOOD Pa Si 3

maintained that somewhere, far to the north, lay a
bastion of the old ways, a rock of Odin worshippers
against which the mighty sea of the Roman Church
could crash eternally yet never erode. He remem-
bered, too, that this enclave was said to include a
great horde of wealth and treasure, the likes of
which even kings could scarcely imagine.

The coterie very nearly chose to dismiss the no-
tion. Village gossip, half-remembered at best, of ancient
wealth? Hardly worth the effort even of investigating!
After a time, however, when other schemes were
suggested and rejected, or attempted and failed, the
notion began to look more attractive. If nothing else,
it was an objective that would not pit them directly
against other Cainites. So, with much reluctance and
little hope, the Bar Sinister chose to separate for some
months, that they might research these fabled riches.

How shocked they were — all save Andreas, of
course — when that research paid off! In the archives
of the oldest Tremere chantries deep in Hungary,
Tshaya found tantalizing hints of a mystic spot of power
somewhere off the northern coast of Norway. Little was
written of it, as none had proven able to find it —
which implied, to Tshaya, not that it didn't exist, but
that it was mystically concealed. Ludwik and Andreas,
who had gone ahead to Norway to investigate first-
hand, required little time to learn that something was
out there. Too many sailors reported that they had
become temporarily lost, as though befuddled, while
sailing a stretch of sea that should be simple enough for
experienced seamen.

Thus, the rumors at least partially confirmed, the
members of the Bar Sinister exchanged messages, car-
ried by ghouls loyal to Juliote and quickened by Tshaya's
use of the Transitus Velociter path, and began to plan.

Gathering Intelligence

For more thana year did the Bar Sinister watch and
plan. The Setite's ghouls continued to travel across the
land carrying messages, so that the two halves of the
coterie might exchange their discoveries. Ludwik, with
his powers of disguise and his mastery over the beasts of
the wild, slowly discovered the identity of those who
held the great treasure they sought. From the people he
learned of strange men and a woman, who would
appear at times seeking evidence of Odin worship and
the old ways. From the ravens who flocked to the
mainland in search of food, he learned that those men
lived on the isle in a great hall, and that the citizens of
asmall fishing village supported them in all things. He
learned swiftly that not all the ravens were natural, and
that he must avoid those who were the familiars of the
wizards. Fortunately, Andreas' own gifts included the
power to see haloes, and he could warn Ludwik of
which birds were natural and which were not.


Ludwik frequently questioned the birds, and more
than once he merged his spirit with one of theirs so he
might ride them back and spy on the mysterious island.
He learned that three men and one woman made up
the entirety of the island's wizards, that their home was
called Ulfs Hall. He began to know their personalities,
how they behaved, how they would react. He learned
that this community of pagans sloughed off the suspi-
cions of the Church by keeping a Christian priest on
the island — but that he was, in truth, an Odinist
himself and son to the village healer and the brother of
the village headman.

He learned, too, that he was not the only one touse
the birds as spies. One of the Gangrel also watched the
island, along with his companion and thrall, a great
wolf. Thrilled, Ludwik included the unknowing Gangrel
in their plans.

Perhaps most importantly, he learned that the fabled
treasure truly existed, and that it had, over time, grown
even larger due to the donations of the faithful.

In the annals of the Tremere chantries and the
Temples of Set, Tshaya and Juliote researched the
rune-casters among the mages, called the Valdaermen.
The Usurpers' records were sparse, for even when they
numbered themselves among mortal mages, they rarely
dealt amicably with other factions. Still, they learned
enough that, in conjunction with Ludwik's intelli-
gence, they could begin to estimate the capabilities of
their new enemy. Tshaya was able to warn Ludwik to
observe the mages only indirectly and with great care,
for Valdaermen magics include the ability to sense
magics around them and the power to grant themselves
good fortune as well. She warned that whatever plan
they concocted could not involve direct conflict, for
the northern mages were terrors in battle.

Then, after months of study and observation, all was
in readiness. Ludwik sent a final message, instructing
Tshaya, Juliote and her ghouls to join them in Norway —
but first to make a side-trip through Italy and Greece,
searching for one other, very special individual.

Opening Gambit:
The Enemy of My Enemy...

The first skirmish of a war that the mages do not
even know they are involved in required Ludwik,
Tshaya and Andreas to set foot upon the island itself.
After so many months of study, this was not as difficult
a task as it appeared. The Nosferatu had ridden ravens
back to the isle on many occasions, in company with
others so he wouldn't become lost despite the island's
arcane defenses. Between that experience and Andreas'
powers of Auspex, the pair was able to maneuver a
small boat to the island's shore. Had the mages any

reason to suspect their presence, they might have been
detected via magic, so the Cainites were especially
careful to avoid drawing suspicion.

There they waited, returning to the mainland only
just in time to take shelter from the dawn. They returned
again, and again. Finally, many nights after they had
begun, Andreas' Soulsight detected the Gangrel's es-
sence, merged with that ofa raven so he might once again
spy upon the mages. Ludwik took the form of Brand
Grydsson, the leader of those who dwelt in Ulfs Hall.
Making a point of stepping into view of the raven, to
ensure the Gangrel saw him, he raised a hand ...

And Tshaya, standing out of view, called upon the
power of her blood magics to boil the raven's blood,
killing the creature. It would, they knew, take the Gangrel
some time to recover, and some time was all they needed,

The next night, guided by the beasts of the forests,
Ludwik led the others on a hunt for the Gangrel's wolf
ghoul. It, too, was slain by magic, and some of the
Valdaermen's runes left carved in the trees nearby.

Several more nights passed, and Ludwik kept care-
ful watch on the Gangrel through animals' eyes. The
Feral vampire was, as expected, enraged to discover the
carcass of his beloved companion, and, given his expe-
rience with the raven on the isle, leapt to the obvious
conclusion: the mages had discovered his presence and
attacked him. One of the Gangrel's prowess had little
difficulty in acquiring a boat from a nearby village, and
he set off toward the island. He, too, had made the
journey often enough asa raven to find his way through
the isle's defenses, although it took him longer to do so
without the mystic sight of the Malkavian.

This was a good thing, for the Bar Sinister knew they
must reach the island first. Tshaya and Juliote made their
way toward the village well, the primary source of clean
water for nearly every inhabitant of the island. Their
tivities are detailed below. In the interim, moving
silently and invisibly, Ludwik crept into the home of the
village herbalist, mother of the false priest, and murdered
her in her sleep with a dagger, leaving deep slashing
wounds all over the body.

When Andreas, staring far out to sea, reported that
the Gangrel drew near, he let out a cry of "Murder!" in
Norwegian, just before the Bar Sinister took to their own
boat. As the villagers were all asleep, no one recognized
that the voice that awakened them was unfamiliar.

From the boat, Ludwik watched through the eyes
of another raven as events unfolded on the island.

As planned, Brand and the other mages were quickly
drawn out of the hall to the village by the hue and cry, as
the healer's body was discovered. They were there still
when the Gangrel, very nearly in the midst of frenzy,
arrived on shore. The mages were just as swift to assume
the vampire's guilt as he was theirs, and the resulting
confrontation proved bloody indeed.


Unfortunately, although Brand himself was badly
mauled, only the Gangrel was slain by the battle's
This, however, was but a minor setback, for the coterie
needed merely wait and watch what happened nex

Second Assault:
TheRed Death

The coteri cond assault came swiftly after the
Gangrel's attack, for it was already in place when he
and the mages did battle. Recall the Tremere's visit to
the village well. Recall, too, that on her way to Norway,
she first traveled to Italy and Greece.

She was, in fact, searching for a mortal in the early
stages of cholera, called the Red Death. Even in these
dark and unenlightened times, many educated men
and women know that the Red Death can be transmit-
ted through the wastes of sick individuals, as well as
through water. It was difficult to move so sick an
individual from Italy to Norway in the weeks it takes
the disease

by normal means. Tshaya, however, again made s

use of her Thaumaturgical gifts, assuring that they
reached Norway while her charge still lived, although
he was hardly comfortable.

While Ludwik was committing murder, Tshaya
and Juliote were smearing the sick man's feces on both
the handle and the interior of the well bucket. It would
wash off eventually — but not swiftly enough.

When the cabal of wizards refreshed themselves
and quenched their thirst after the battle with th
Gangrel, when they washed Brand's wounds in hope
of preventing infection, it was with water from the only
nearby source, as the Bar Sinister knew it must be. The
people in the village were also contaminated; unfortu-

nate, for they would have made a convenient source of

vitae, but necessary to the coterie's plans.

Cholerastrikesswiftly. The magics ofthe Valdaermen
allow the wizards to tamper with fortune itself, granting
themselves exceptional luck. Had he been wounded
only, or diseased only, Brand would almost certainly have
recovered. When the disease struck at a body already
weakened by massive injury, however, there was little
even the mages could do. The first of the cabal fell to the
vampire's invisible siege.

ThirdAssault:
Ambush in the Dark

This next stage would require a bit of good luck on
the vampires' part. They knew that the surviving wizards,
after using their magics to speed their own recovery from
the Red Death, would do their best to aid their fellow
Odinists in the village. Most of that aid would probably

a a

Pe.
Bs

awe


take the form of mundane treatment, rest and fluids and
herbs, but they would use magics as well. Almost cer-
tainly, after making such efforts while still suffering from
the lingering affects of the disease themselves, they'd be
exhausted, mentally and physically.

If they all returned to Ulfs Hall before the sun set, the
coterie's opportunity would never come. If they did not ...

A handful of nights later, the vampires arrived on
the western shore and crept, unseen and unheard, onto
the island. Ludwik spoke with the beasts and learned
that one of the wizards — the woman, Gerti Eriksdottir
— remained late in the village, treating the sick, while
the others had returned to the hall.

Gerti was a warrior, a powerful sorceress, and had
she been at strength, even the four vampires would
have been hard-pressed to slay her without losing some
of their number in exchange. That night, still sick,
worn out from the labors of the past days, faced with
Tshaya's Thaumaturgical might and Ludwik's over-
powering strength, she never stood a chance.

The Nosferatu once more summoned the beasts of
the island, though he left the ravens uncalled, for fear
of attracting the attention of the wizards' familiars. By
the time Gerti's corpse was found, not enough would be
left to determine how she died.

Two mages were dead now, and still they didn't
even know they were at war.

Fourth Assault:
Bloodshed in the Village

On the night following the funeral pyres for Brand,
Gerti and several villagers who had died swiftly of a
disease unknown to those who lived this far north, the
village's false priest experienced a powerful vision. In the
dark, an angel of the Christian God appeared before him.
Her hair was radiant gold, her beauty exquisite beyond
mortal comprehension, the very air around her awash
with power and majesty. She informed him, her voice
unbearably sad and tears of blood running down her
cheeks, that the disease that had struck the island so
suddenly was the wrath of God Himself. He had finally
grown angered at their stubborn insistence on clinging to
the old ways, their refusal to accept God and Christ into
their lives and their hearts. She had come to him, he who
knew the Christian ways even if he did not yet honor
them, in a final attempt to save the village. God was
merciful. He did not wish to smite them all. They could
still save themselves — if they turned from their pagan
ways and drove the rune-carvers from their midst.

He did not believe, not at first. His faith in Odin
and the old gods was great. But Juliote appeared to him
night after night, her powers of persuasion and her
magnificent Presence slowly wearing down his resolve,

even as the disease sickened more and more of his
brethren. She appeared to others as well, though far less
frequently. Slowly, a small but growing portion of the
population began to grumble, and to wonder, and to
cast suspicious glances toward Ulfs Hall.

Still, nothing would have come of it. The talk,
though loud and angry, would have faded buta few days
after Juliote stopped appearing to them, for the villag-
ers' beliefs in Odin and their friendship with the mages
of the hall was strong. The Bar Sinister, however, had
no intention of letting it lie.

The night after the rebellious whispers had reached
their peak, several of the men who had spoken most
loudly of the wrath of God anda possible change of life for
the village were burned alive in their homes by a fire that
came from nowhere, that had no obvious cause.

The people gathered in the middle of town, in a
night lit only by the blazing huts, and shouted angrily
at one another. Was this the wrath of the gods, directed
at those who preached betrayal of the old ways? Or was
it the action of the wizards, punishing any who dared
speak out against them?

Through the throng crept Andreas, and madness
spread in his wake. Where there had been confusion,
there was now certainty; where there had been anger,
murderous rage. Fed and fueled by the Malkavian's
power, debate became argument, argument became
violence. Men and women who had lived together and
worked together for all their lives drew knives and
swords and rakes and shovels upon one another, and
shed blood.

The surviving wizards were no fools. When they
heard the sounds of battle from the village, when their
familiars told them that their people fought among
themselves, they knew the cause could not be natural
cause. Calling upon the power of Odin's runes, they
were able to detect that a foreign magic was indeed
active upon their isle, and they realized, finally, that all
that had befallen them was no accident, but a deliber-
ate act of aggression.

Still, what were they to do? They could not
leave their loyal friends to slaughter one another.
So, leaving his younger companion to guard the
hall, raven-haired Ketil Svensson set out to the
village, prepared to restore order and discover his
enemy by whatever means necessary, be it reason,
violence or magic.

Ketil never reached the village. Halfway from Ulfs
Hall, one of the villagers — their leader, the brother of
the priest — stumbled up to him and collapsed at his
feet, his face bloodied. The mage, worried for his friend,
bent down to help him and received a dagger in his
throat for his troubles. Ludwik's disguise faded even as
the life pumped from the wizard's throat, and the

Nosferatu waved, signaling his companions in hiding.
It was time to finish it.

Endgame

As his coterie gathered about him, Ludwik raised
his hands to the heavens and summoned the ravens of
the isle, no longer caring if the mages' familiars heard
— in fact, he hoped they would come. He knew he
could not control those, for they were not true beasts,
but spirits in avian form; still, he could influence the
real ravens. So he did, demanding that they turn upon
their unnatural brethren, setting raven against raven,
animal against spirit.

Not all did as he demanded, for they had long
known their unnatural flock-mates and were resistant
to harming them. Still, the Nosferatu's will was strong,
and enough of the birds did as he bade them. Few of the
familiars were slain, but they were driven away, depriv-
ing the lone surviving wizard of their support.

It was Andreas, speaking in the local tongue, who
stepped forward at the very door to the hall and
delivered their ultimatum in his booming voice.

"Gunnar, son of Nyal! You are alone! Your com-
panions are dead, and you were the youngest and
weakest of them! Your people are sick, weakened,
fighting among themselves! Even your spirit allies have
fled! Surrender your holding, and all within, and you
may yet live through this night! What say you?"

Here the Bar Sinister made their one critical error.
The average Cainite, in Gunnar's position, would
likely have surrendered, hoping to survive the night
and take his revenge at a future time. But Gunnar was
no Cainite. The coterie had not counted upon the
fanatic devotion of the mages to their cause, their
beliefs and their gods. Gunnar Nyalsson did indeed
emerge from the hall — but he emerged with Brand's
great sword gripped in both hands, the power of the
runes blazing through his frame, his armor, his weap-
ons. With a great cry, he fell upon his undead enemy.
His sword struck true time and again, and their own
weapons seemed cursed with ill luck, unable to land.
He simply slipped through many of their supernatural
assaults as a shark glides through water, yet they were
unable to so easily resist his.

In the end, as dawn approached, sheer numbers
carried the battle and Gunnar was laid low — but
beside his bloodied corpse was the torpid body of
Ludwik and the scattered ashes of a beheaded Juliote.
Andreas and Tshaya, injured and shocked, dragged
the Nosferatu through the doors — they would
decide later if they would take him, leave him or kill
him outright — and moved to find shelter in Ulf
Hall before the rising of the sun.

Tee ON a ——s

ae oe

PS ~ CHAPTER FOUR . M e2 ‘ya
: ~ \ 2% ASHES AND BLOOD eT, Ww

In later nights, they would find they still had to
deal with a vengeful spirit and a powerful curse
attached to their treasure, but for our purposes, this
tale is concluded.

The Remnants of
the Var Sinister

Andreas Andveason, Lord in Waiting

10th-generation Malkavian, childe of William
Weaver, walker on the Road of Kings

Nature: Barbarian

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 1139

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Background: Born ina nameless fishing village in
Norway, Andreas would likely have followed in his
father's rather tame footsteps and become a farmer had
fortune not thrown an opportunity in his lap. When he
was in his mid-teens, a merchant vessel — Andreas
knew few languages and nothing of geography at the
time, so to this night he remains ignorant of the crew's
nationality — put in near his village to repair the sail,
damaged in a sudden squall. Andreas, overcome by
curiosity, stowed aboard and actually managed to re-
main undiscovered until the ship made port once more,
on the British Isles. Andreas was fascinated by the
strange and exotic vision that was London and spent
many years there dwelling in poverty, but learning the
languages and the practices of civilization.

Unfortunately, the single strongest conclusion
Andreas came to was that civilization was the cause of
much misery and poverty, and that the ways of his own
people were far superior. He took to lamenting this fact
to anyone who would speak to him. To his surprise, a
man he met one night seemed to listen intently, even
to agree, and then he asked if Andreas would like both
the time and the means to work at restoring mankind
to its "natural" state. Andreas, unsure what he was
getting into, nonetheless agreed and was Embraced
that night.

Whether Andreas was mad before the stranger met
him may be questionable, but after years under William's
tutelage, he certainly must be now. He is a Cainite of
contradictions, unsure of what he's doing in the world.
Although he decries the decadence of society and seeks
a return to older ways, he follows the Road of Kings,
convinced that the Cainites can use power and author-
ity in society to lead mortals back to years gone by.
Although he openly craves leadership and only grudg-
ingly followed Ludwik for lack of anything better to do,
in his unbeating heart and what remains of his soul, he
desires nothing more than a return to the simple,


mortal life he abandoned one night for a strange and
foreign ship.

Image: Tall and lanky but not skinny, Andreas
does not look Norse in any way except the construction
of his facial features. His hair and beard are both cut
short, his beard neatly clipped into a goatee. He dis-
dains fancy clothes, preferring to dress in whatever
garments are most comfortable and provide the most
freedom of movement. When he goes armed, he carries
a Norse ax, one of the few possessions he still has from
before the ship.

Tshaya, the Witch

9th-generation Tremere, childe of Nikolai Brust,
walker on the Road of Humanity

Nature: Pedagogue

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: AD 1159

Apparent Age: Late teens

Background: Just another villager in southern Hun-
gary, Tshayadweltinasmall village thathad the misfortune
to sit in the shadow of a Tzimisce voivode's keep. By the
time she was seven, the girl had already provided at least
one meal for the Fiend, and both her parents had died
beneath his fangs by the time she was 12. Tshaya would
likely have lived her entire (short) life in that village ifshe
had not taken to conversing with a small group of
strangers who would occasionally pass through town. She
took to one in particular, a handsome young man (or so
he seemed) named Nikolai. To him she told her dreams,
her dreams of a life away from here, and when he

SPOILS

expressed an interest in those dreams, she began to weave
colorful tales for him, stories of faraway places and future
days. It was never her intention to deceive him, simply to
keep his attention, but she unknowingly convinced him
that she might indeed possess the gift of prognostication.
That would be a useful tool indeed, when the Tremere —
for that was who these strangers were — made a move to
destroy the Tzimisce voivode and claim the land for their
own. Tshaya was Embraced soon after, but Nikolai all but
tossed her aside when he learned her "gifts" were false.

Still, others of the clan begin to teach Tshaya in
the ways of the Cainites and of blood magic, and the
young woman took to the latter lessons much more
readily than the former. She didn't care about politics,
wars or geography, only about gaining the power she
had lacked as a mortal. She struck out on her own far
earlier than her mentors would have liked and would
most probably have found herself in serious trouble due
to her ignorance and naiveté had she not fallen in with
the Bar Sinister.

Image: Tshaya is dusky of skin with dark eyes and
black hair. She is tall, thin to the point of being gangly
and rather too horse-faced to be considered particu-
larly pretty. She would prefer to dress in a manner
"befitting her station" — that is, covered in arcane
symbols and announcing her mastery of magics for all
to see — but her companions have convinced her that
a simple tunic and skirt would be a wiser choice.

Bright Promise
Shattered

A single group of mages from the Old Faith ousted
the werewolves of the Sept of the Bright Promise in
Acre. They did not expect to; it was hardly evena goal.
Through a combination of cunning, external forces
and sheer luck, the mages caused the werewolves'
house of cards to fall.

Ancient History

The real story begins a long time ago, on the isle of
Cyprus. More than 14 centuries ago, the Cypriots (and,
more specifically, their kings) were under Persian rule.
The King of Salamis supported this rule, as it filled his
coffers graciously. The king had a brother named
Onesilos, however, who allied himself with the Greek
Ionians to throw off the fetters placed upon them by the
Persians. So Onesilos led (at first) a quiet rebellion. As
the conspiracy grew, more Cypriots joined in the cause
to overthrow Persian rule. Those allied with the cause
identified themselves with a specially forged coin, a
mockery of the King's Persian coin. More coins were
crafted and handed out as the rebellion grew, and one

IF-WAR +


THE BRIGHT PROMISE

aI pack of young werewolves, led by
(bE Venetian called Aldo di Venezia (or
Golden-Fangs-of-Dawn, among his people) vies
for the same power that the Cult of Lamashtu
does. The*Sept of the Bright Promise is under
conservative leadership, and Aldo's pack wishes
tobranch out, make ¢ontact with other werewolves
and above all bringin money and notoriety for the
sept. Thirteen-Stars-Falling, the Sept Leader, does
not share these views, and. while he and the pack
have never fought directly, the tension between
then creates a window through which an enemy
could attack

Aldo's pack includes:

IsabeauduLaurent("Unbreaking-Stone"),aFrench
noblewoman who came to Outremer with her Kinfolk
husband. She is an Ahroun of the Warders, and at least
as canny and ambitious as Aldo.

Ishmael ("Steps-in-Shadow"), a young
Ragabash of the Children of Gaia. Ishmael is a
street thief and is quite knowledgeable about the

city and its meaner inhabitants.
Simon ben Levi (""Brother-to-Steel"), a former
blacksmith and a Theurge of the Warders of Men.
Rising-River, a metis Galliagd (naturallyaChild
of Gaia — few other tribes would suffe
live). Nearly mute, Rising-River isan accomplished
lore keeper and has a near-perfect memory.

a metis to

day almost a year later, the conspiracy they had been
fomenting burst, and what was once a quiet rebellion
turned into a series of violent battles between the
rebelling Cypriots (alongside their allies, the lonians)
and the Persians. The rebellion was not enough; it was
quashed over a matter of days. Most involved were
killed in battle or executed by the Persians, and Onesilos
was one of the ones killed in battle — almost.

An arrow felled Onesilos on the deck of his war-
ship, and as he lay there, the sounds of battle fading as
his blood pooled on the oaken deck, a vision came to
him. First it was a woman's voice, but it wasn't long
before an ethereal body appeared, a shimmering female
specter whose flesh rippled like water. She told him
that she was Lamashtu, a goddess drowned beneath the
sea for treachery against her mother, Tiamat. As
Onesilos' life crept away, she explained to him that she
could wake again and become strong, but only if she
had those who would believe in her, worship her, need
her. If Onesilos agreed to be her mouthpiece in the
world, then in return she would use what little was left
of her power to reinvigorate his failing body with life.
Onesilos agreed.

ie six — CHART
> y SHES A

The Cult of Lamashtu

Onesilos, brought back from the brink of death,
fled Cyprus on a small boat and, over the next decade,
gathered followers to his side who would join him in
the worship of this drowned goddess. These followers
identified themselves as those rebelling against the
Persians did: by a handful of the coins forged by
Onesilos to oppose his brother. Over time, the mystery
cult dedicated to the worship of the inscrutable goddess
Lamashtu gained number and power.

Lamashtu opened the doors to her most prized
worshippers and taught them how to utilize the ebb
and flow of power present in the world, manipulating
it to strengthen the fabric of reality or to reduce it to
dust and decay. She came to her most devoted "chil-
dren" in visions and flashes of almost-alien insight.
Her most prized student was still Onesilos, who con-
tinued to live and breathe despite f
and decrepitude of flesh. By the time Onesilos was 1
years of age, Lamashtu came to him in her most overt
display yet. She showed him a luminescent, many-
armed being run through with black, pulsing veins.
The white light from her form blinded Onesilos, and
she explained that in blindness, in the destruction of
his sight, true wisdom could be found. With that she
demanded that he find a source of magic, a wellspring
where lines of power crossed over one another. There,
she explained, he would build a vessel for her: a box
that would contain her "heart" and grant her and her
followers a greater breadth of power. When the visita-
tion ceased, Onesilos set about his task with great
vigor, and despite his blindness he found the source of
power that would become her home: the city of Akko,
or what would come to be known as Acre, in the land
of Outremer.

The Heart of Lamashtu

The box, an ark very similar in design and propor-
tion to the Judaic Ark of the Covenant, was never
finished. In 379 BC, the town of Akko was invaded by
asmall contingent of Persians who clogged the city's
port with a flotilla of small warships. Onesilos and a few
of his most-trusted men worked hour upon hour in the
building that would eventually house the Heart of
Lamashtu, but it wasn't long before the Persian incur-
sion burst into the building, murdering Onesilos' helpers
and leaving him imprisoned. His imprisonment lasted
as long as the Persian invasion, no more than a few
scant months, but it was long enough to leave him
depressed and ailing, his body ridden hard to the point
of collapse. Lamashtu's power was waning (many of her
worshippers had died in the attack), and she could not
stay death from Onesilos. He died, and with him her
chances for "rebirth."

increasing age
20

ts , a ee

oo TN A

ER FOUR * — Yn 2 =!
JPLOOD + aN FI 5 <The


LAMASHTU

=
J amashtu is a demon who has been slum
bering, unable to awake for long with-

out sufficient worship and an appropriate anchor
for her spirit. She was "daughter" (really more of
1 servant) to another demon called Tiamat.
Lamashtu sold herself to the Assyrians as a god-
dess of death, her name translating directly as
"She Who Erases." Her mistri
Tiamat, did not like herschild

ss and mothe
srowing so inde-

pendent and constantly attempted to undo

Lamashtu's plans, which led the two elder demons
into constant conflict. Lamashtu made a singular
gambit to destroy her elder by convincing anoth
demon from the south (who called himself Marduk
but existed by many other names) that Tiamat
was moving against his holdings. Marduk helped
Lamashtu break her bond and destroy the mother,
but one of Tiamat's last actions was to wipe out
Lamashtu's.worshippers.in a flash flood. So
Lamashtu drowned beneath the waters, and she
has lain dormant beneath the waters for many
millennia, occasionally stirring enough dregs of
divine power to call to an unwitting mortal in a
demonic bargain. Her biggest success was the
rebel Onesilos, but his failure (and the eventual
growth of neoteric faiths: like Christianity and
Islam) left her without a foothold. This has
changed with Burthus and his cabal. Should
Lamashtu awaken, she has little interest in the
fortunes of her charges and seeks little more than
erasing all of creation.

Anno Domini srzFo

In the current day, the nexus of magical lines sits
in what is now a large building in the city of Acre, next
door to an open-air market. Thousands of people orbit
these lines, and only a scant few are aware that the lane
is anything at all, any degree of preternatural power
hidden within plain sight. The werewolves who wor-
ship there certainly do, as this nexus provides the
beast-men with a caern deep in the heart of Acre.

The caern itself is a bustling center of modern
religions and European Crusader mentality. While the
local dominance of Islam is still felt, the city grows by
leaps and bounds as European Christians begin angling
fora slice of the Holy Land and a piece of the burgeon-
ing trade routes. No one in the city had heard of
Lamashtu or her cult; after all, in all of history the cult
was a forgotten ripple in a very big pond. On the isle of
Cyprus, things were somewhat different, as a small
cluster of cultists were traversing a path similar to that

which Onesilos once traveled down. Of these cultists,
four were mages of the Old Faith, seekers of inscrutable
secrets once given to the Old Gods of the land: deities
of Babylon and Sumer who they hoped could unlock
the true mysteries that the universe contained. The
cult did not begin as worshippers of Lamashtu, and in
truth they had never even heard her name, much less
what she desired. It wasn't long before her siren's song
of power-for-life could be heard on the winds, and soon
the cult had converted.

The Cult

Burrhus Malavazos, a scheming old man who has
grown cold and tired in his later years, leads the cult.
Where once he was a willing sycophant to Lamashtu's
desires, he now is simply weary of his servitude and
contemplates the day when he may drop off this mortal
coil (though Lamashtu certainly has other notions).

Burrhus, still running his merchant vessel across
the Mediterranean waters, has another cult member in
his first mate, a womancalled Amenael-Abiad. Amena,
also a mage of the Old Faith, crops her hair short and
speaks with a forcibly deep voice to uphold her mas-
querade as a young man. Amena is still young and
eager in her service to the goddess Lamashtu but is torn
over watching her leader (and consort) grow embit-
tered. Mostly, however, her domain lies in the
recruitment of new worshippers to serve as cultists
under the goddess. She is charismatic and targets
younger men who can not only serve willingly but are
strong of body in case the cult needs someone to
perform physical labor. (When speaking with Burrhus,
she often calls these male cultists "pack mules" in her
Arabic tongue.)

The last mage of the cult is an exiled knight from
a small village outside of Magdeburg called Adler
Fleisch. Fleisch is a quiet man and is able to blend in
among the European Crusaders with little to no prob-
lem. His features are unexceptional and he is neither
overtly large nor small, and as such he serves as some-
thing of a reconnaissance man across the water in
Outremer. Few know him, and he maintains a very
small number of connections (though Adler does bring
one or two truly unusual allies to the table).

The other two cultists are commoners and remain
only as prominent mortal retainers. The first is Amena's
brother, a Cypriot leper named Marzoug (ironically
meaning "fortunate"). Marzouq is aware of his sister'

nature as a mage, and both she and Burrhus believe
that to serve Lamashtu will not only eventually grant
him the ability to wield magic, but also give him the
blessing to cure himself of his affliction. He serves the

cult with a martyr's tenacity. The other mortal knows
nothing about the magical nature of his leaders, only

ee Weta 3 == E

UM aie URE ges sg, EY. RS

Cs -9a6 == Ss! anf LS Z = 0. s2,3'S-
So a a a

that they wield much personal power and assure him
that his choice of abandoning the tenets of Islam will
eventually net him a breadth of material wealth.
Mohammad Bizar is his name, and he is an immense
man who fulfills the role of physical guardian and
warder on cult missions. He is somewhat slow of
thought and easily manipulated.

The cult itself is not limited to these individuals.
In fact, in the year previous to their surreptitious
assault upon Acre, the group counted 17 others among
its numbers. All are mortals, many of whom are tired
and oppressed dockworkers, sailors and copper miners.
Recruitment is simple; Amena flashes some gold, re-
veals to them carvings and crumbling friezes of
Lamashtuand her power, and works some magic meant
to make their minds more malleable. The cult itself
operates out of the copper mines on Cyprus, working
and living deep in the bowels of the red, rusty-walled
stone passages.

Lamashtu's Command

After a year or so of worship, Lamashtu renewed
her quest once more to claim the spiritual center of
Acre, as it was the only place of power within reason-
able proximity that would allow her to gain a more
prominent (and permanent) foothold in the physical
world. Besides, buried beneath the earth was the Heart
of Lamashtu, the box Onesilos began building to house
her divine form. Burrhus sequestered himself away for
a few weeks to fast and devote prayer and plea to
Lamashtu, and in the process he opened his mind to the
Old Faith magics of Summer and let his spirit travel the
lines of power to their nexus at Acre. After much such
investigation, he determined an unfortunate fact about
this area of wisdom and energy, which was that a bunch
of beast-men were using the area for their own twisted
purpose, leeching energy that was rightfully Lamashtu's.
The question became how to pry the beast-men's grip
from this much-needed source of power?

Gerlach Vlack-Baw

Enter Adler Fleisch. During his time in Acre and
Tyre, Adler had spent much time finding debauchery
wherever possible (chewing qat leaves with traders,
having dalliances with secret prostitutes), and often he
spent time sleeping on the streets, going as unnoticed
as his lifestyle and his magic would allow. One indi-
vidual always noticed him and harangued him, seeing
through the obfuscating magics. Adler would learn
that this "man" was actually a disfigured shape-changer
known as Gerlach Black-Paw. The wolf-man was mad,
that much was clear. Only sometimes would the crea-
ture (whose face was a slough of sagging skin and whose
hands were immense and darkly scarred) make sense,

and during these times Adler and the beast-man dis-
covered that they were actually born near one another
in the Harz Mountains.

After Burrhus' magic uncovered the other beas
men, Adler mentioned his connections to the lunatic
Black-Paw in Acre. The mages decided to offer an
alliance to the werewolf. Black-Paw would provide
them with as much information about these other
werewolves as possible, and in return the crazy wolf-
manasked for one, simple thing once it was all over: the
severed head of the shape-shifter known as Thirteen-
Stars-Falling. The mages agreed (not knowing what
this really required of them), and the bargain was
struck. Three weeks later, Black-Paw came to them on
Cyprus and told them everything he knew.

Domino Effect

The plan was largely Amena's. Having no per-
ception of the trials that lay before them, her plot
was simple and direct. She would concoct a poison
to slay the beasts that guarded the sought-after
nexus of power, and her brother Marzouq would
administer the toxin. The beast-men would die a
relatively quick death, the mages would enter the
building that housed the energy while the external
citizenry was distracted, and they would hold their
position through the use of magic. Anyone who
questioned their right to be there (as all cultists
would be present, digging into the earth for the
source of power) would end up at the receiving end
of Adler's Autumn magics. The magics would calm
those who would dare go against them, quietly
"suggesting" that they wouldn't be long, that they
were harmless, and that they deserved nothing more
than to be left alone. Once they had the incomplete
box (the "Heart of Lamashtu"), Burrhus incorrectly
believed that they would own the source of power
and they could take it wherever they desired, likely
back to the Cypriot copper mines.

It worked differently in practice, however. Amena
concocted a poison crafted out of amanita mushrooms,
using a combination of Summer and Winter magics to
awaken a virulent poison within the fungi. Marzouq,
housing himself at one of the leprosaria of the Order of St.
Lazarus, would use a simple tarnished ring with a barb
extending from it to administer the poison to the first
beast-man he saw and would continue the process over
days until the wild wolf-men were all dead. Liningup with
the rest of the lepers demanding handouts along the
market lanes, he began shadowing one of the men earlier
identified by the mages' spells as a beast-man, and while
wailing and bemoaning his leprous fate he punctured the
beast-man's skin just below the wrist as he wrung the
monster's hands in misery.

se ye = «oe SRS eee x Oi Ce ae
=f = ——=> Ct OUR: eek ies =r
\ we, ~ASH "ae" 2X

Amena believed her poison would kill a few min-
utes after delivery, but she had no concept of the
vitality of a werewolf body. That's not to say the
poison did not work ... itjust didn't kill the Garou, who
happened to be the Sept Leader, Thirteen-Stars-Fall-

ing. The poison left the body of the werewolf

undamaged, but it quickly polluted his mind, unhing-
ing the doors that contained the creature's Rage. The
man shifted into a horrific whirlwind of claws and teeth
and began attacking the patrons of the marketplace,
rending flesh and snapping bones. It was a gory display,
and a dozen or so were felled before Hospitaler Knights
came pouring in, swords at the ready. Then many of
them died, though eventually the struggle ceased as the
werewolf was dismembered and beheaded in the middle
of the market, surrounded by a swath of death and
destruction. In the end, Marzouq was also dead, rent to
tibbons by the furious talons of the beast-man.
Amena and Adler watched all of this with grim
fascination. It did not cause any evacuation of the
place-of-power as they had hoped, however, and
over the following weeks an unforeseen power
struggle occurred, and the Heart of Lamashtu was
further invaded by another group of beast-men (whom
Black-Paw would identify as Aldo di Venezia's pack),
who secured the area with alarming alacrity. They

believed they were back at square one, and despair
assailed Amena over the death of her brother. Soon
Lamashtu's whispers came back to them (for her
contact was weak and sporadic) and directed Burrhus
to turn monster against monster, the faithful against
the faithful. Or, more specifically, turn the Crusad-
ers against the wolf-men.

It took no magic at all to direct the military
order of the Hospitaler Crusaders to investigate
claims that "Islamic occultists" had taken hold of
the marketplace. They recognized that this beast-
man di Venezia looked human enough and could
pass for a Christian with little problem, and so more
magical effort was needed. Amena turned again to
the same poison she had used before, but this time
armed with the foreknowledge of what it would do.
When Aldo met with the Hospitalers (all smiles and
handshakes), Adler armed Mohammed Bizar with a
bow and arrow laced with Amena's toxin, and when
Aldo took the Knight General into the marketplace
for dates and tea, Bizar sat on the roof of the nearby
leprosarium and fired the arrow into di Venezia's
shoulder. It took a moment for the Knight General
to register what had happened, but by that time
Aldo was out of control, his Rage overtaking him


and pushing him to the monstrous war-form that the
mages had seen before. Aldo did not fall to the
Crusaders, and in fact he escaped the scene. The
three pack members who remained fought off the
Crusaders and grimly wounded the Knight General
in the fray. The final three (Isabeau, Rising-River
and Steps-in-Shadow) were brought low by their
most deadly weakness. After the previous market-
place "attack" waged by Thirteen-Stars-Falling, some
of the more superstitious Christian soldiers had
opted to carry silvered weapons. These blades al-
lowed the men to slay Rising-River and
Steps-in-Shadow, though Isabeau proved to be a
deadly, nigh-unstoppable beast. She could not es-
cape, however; bleeding from multiple wounds and
her Rage sapped by Alder's Winter Pillar, she col-
lapsed into her natural form and was taken away,
bound in blessed chains and silver.

It was not long before the Hospitaler knights
bolstered their troops with reinforcements from
neighboring Cyprus and Jerusalem and launched a
campaign to root "malefic influences" from the
marketplace. Many Muslims were removed from the
area in the ensuing weeks, and the marketplace was
temporarily closed (causing significant ripples in
the city's economy). The lingering members of the
sept were not enough to assume proper defense and
control of the caern. What few remained left to exist
on the fringes of the city, waiting for the appropriate
time to retake their holy site from the interloping
mortal knights.

The Last Domino

The knights provided the last obstacle for the
cultists. The knights had previously been directed
as a weapon against the mages' opponents, and now
the knights were the opponents. They manned the
marketplace, including the empty building the cult-
ists sought, with numerous guards in an effort to
squash any heathens trying to usurp control.

Once again, Adler's ability with mind-molding
magic would come to their aid. These knights were
mere mortals, unprotected by magics of their own,
confident that their newly gilded silver daggers
would ward off the pagans, but Amena knew that no
blade could stop Adler from enchanting the men's
minds with his powers. Using a combination of
Autumn and Winter magics (a rote Adler calls "Fear
of the Goddess Heart;" Autumn 2, Winter 2), the
mage convinced the knights of the marketplace that
much to fear was here, and he overwhelmed their
minds with terrible despair. Adler also instilled in
them one simple command for them to follow:
"Leave the marketplace, for no good will ever come

PO as
m~ ai we
<i tte eS = "me
~ ss rN

of you being there." It worked. The knights left the
marketplace, one by one, until one night it was still
and silent. The cultists of Lamashtu made their
move and entered the empty building.

Complications

They expected an "in and out" scenario. They'd
dig up the Heart and carry it away with them. It was
morning before they realized that the power was
contained within the area, not within the Heart. In
fact, for the Heart to maintain power it had to be
held (and finished) there at the very nexus of power.
The mages, uncertain as to what to do, threw up
invisible walls of protection using their magics and
physically attempted to "hold" the building as their
own, obscuring it from outside meddling.

They have new problems. While they currently
maintain a tenuous grip on the area as the cultists
struggle to finish the Heart of Lamashtu with what
sketchy plans they have, exterior forces seek to
usurp control yet again. Werewolves who escaped
the pogrom at Acre (including Aldo) will surely
seek to reclaim the spiritual center that they once
held dear. The Hospitalers, too, are unlikely to
remain in the dark. Their strange and sudden aver-
sion to the marketplace combined with the
aberrations that assaulted the marketplace make
good reasons to leak word to the Inquisition. Fi-
nally, one more enemy waits in the ranks — Gerlach
Black-Paw, who never did get the severed head he
demanded. He considers the bargain (and the mage's
lives) forfeit in his addled mind, and he waits for
them in the darkened place of Acre.

Burrhus Malavasos

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Pedagogue

Fellowship: Old Faith

Background: Malavazos is a Greek-born spice
merchant who was captain of a fat-bellied trade vessel.
The ability to work magic came to him late in life, and
at first his worship turned to the gods of his ancestry:
Aphrodite, Hermes, Hephaestus. A fever waylaid him
deep into his 40th year of life, and as he bled from his
eyes and mouth while teetering on the edge of life and
death, Lamashtu came, offering him a doorway back to
life, if only he would spread word of her existence.
Burrhus reluctantly continues to build the cult. He is
faithful to Lamashtu but wonders somewhere in the
back of his mind if he did not make a grievous error
once upon a time in choosing to serve her.

Image: A swarthy, large man with the hair at his
temples turning gray, Burrhus isa curmudgeonly, daunt-


help hide any natural feminine beauty she has (which
is considerable) and to help her appear on the same
level as the workers and serfs she attempts to recruit.

ing figure. Rarely smiling, his eyes sit beneath folds of QS{ey Fleisch
pinched, leathery skin as he scrutinizes everything. He
dresses mostly in drab clothing.

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Gallant
Amena ef-Abiad Fellowship: Old Faith

Background: Fleisch wasn't very good at doing

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Defender

Fellowship: Old Faith

Background: Amena's life was destroyed by
disease. While she herself was never ill, her mother
and father died of blood poisoning, and her brother
was ravaged by leprosy. It was the key to her free-
dom, however, because while her brother stayed
behind in Acre, she ventured forth to Cyprus where
she first became Burrhus' consort and later his first
mate after displaying a verve he hadn't seen before.
Pretending to be a young boy (and, later, a man),
she served aboard his trader vessel, traveling the
Mediterranean and delighting in the places she was
able to visit. She adores Burrhus and follows his
every command. She also adores the cause of
Lamashtu, finding that it gives her purpose. Cur-
rently she serves as both a strategist and recruiter for
the mystery cult.

Image: To appear male, Amena has cut her hair
short, chews her fingernails to the nubs and some-
time even sports a fake beard that she cuts from her
brother's unshaven face. She is often dirty, both to


Magdeburg, he didn't approve of being called up to war,
didn't care for currying horses or sharpening blades and
ultimately attended to his own business. Unfortu-
nately, his own business included thieving precious
items while their owners were away in skirmishes and
wars. Adler was lazy and overconfident and was caught
one day. The town sentenced him to be stoned in the
center of his small village, Rotfeld. He had no inten-
tion of suffering such a fate and set out in the world as
a sort of journeyman, making whatever coin he could
through meager tasks, winnowing any fortune he could
make on a stolid, blissful existence. Some of this
changed a few years after stumbling into the Holy
Land. After spending a few weeks on the isle of Cyprus,
he ate some bad lamb and almost died on the rocky
beach. Lamashtu called to him and promised him life
and bliss once more, and he decided that he little left

to lose. While he still doesn't enjoy the prospect of

being told what to do, he recognizes that he's serving a
power greater than himself who granted him life. His
magic is a means to an end, and any spiritual affiliation
he previously held was a lie. Now, at the very least, he
believes in Lamashtu and what she can offer him.
Image: Adler is nondescript, tousled brown hair
and dark eyes. His skin is tanned enough to blend in
with the Arabic culture, and yet he's still white enough
to pass among Northerners. He keeps his shoulders
slumped and his head down, but his eyes are always up,
keeping his gaze firmly fixed on his surroundings.

Strood's Galpation

Anunfortunate exsanguination lead to the salvation
of Strood and the destruction of the demons infesting it.
A body was found on the Watling Road, half-buried in
the falling snow. The body was beaten, its skin split, the
muscle layer frozen where exposed. The blood was gone

.. nary a drop was left within the corpse flesh. While this
in and of itself would be enough to attract unwanted
attention, something was worse: The body belonged to
the clergyman Father Alwyn.

Murder

Why was Father Alwyn murdered? Alwyn, previ-
ously ignorant in his old age, discovered the fact that
blood-drinking night-demons were infesting the town.
Alwyn felt it was his duty to the Lord to root out the
monsters and send them on their way away from his
home. His approach didn't work so well. He stormed
into the Maidstone Inn and decried the townsfolk for
harboring servants of the Adversary. He condemned
them all aloud and began a reproachful tirade about the
fires of Hell and the wrath of the Lord. Manfred, the
mercenary, forced Alwyn outside to calm him down.

Alwyn would not have it. He ranted, spitting curses at
Manfred, threatening to call down the "sword of God"
upon themall. Something inside of the Brujah snapped.
The Cainite bashed the clergyman over the head with
the heft of his ax, and as the blood hit the snow, the
hunger consumed him, and Manfred drank the old man
dry in seconds.

Manfred didn't leave the body where it had fallen.
He took it out to a farmer's cold, snowed-over field and
buried it. It would've remained there, had not someone
watched the entire process: the God-fearing wheel-
wright, Andrew. Andrew dug up the body and kept it
for a few days outside his home behind a stack of cut
wood until the time was right. Once a month, a
procession of Dominican monks would travel Watling
Street between Dover and London, escorting more
timid (and well paying) pilgrims. Hours before the
monks passed through, Andrew left the body in the
snow, and it was discovered.

TheRed Order

The frozen remains of Father Alwyn were enough
to warrant scrutiny from higher up. It did not take long
fora letter to reach the Bishop of Rochester, accompa-
nied by rumors of "black magic" and "the Adversary's
work" in the small village of Strood. The letter found
its way into the hands of a well favored, opportuni
canon lawyer by the name of Gilbert Rosacroix, who
also happened to be a monk of the Order of St.
Theodosius and a member of the shadow Inquisition.
Rosacroix and his two traveling companions soon
journeyed from Plymouth to Dover, and then on to
Strood. God's judgment was coming for the vampires of
Strood, and they were still unaware that Father Alwyn's
body had been found.

The Inquisitorial Cell

The cell consists of three members of the Red
Order, under the command of Gilbert Rosacroix. Sircely
and Rosacroix have worked together before; the boy
Peter, is little more than an initiate.

ic

THe CoTerie —

JeaN-Marc's RABBLE

he Cainites in Strood form a small

coterie. The Rabble's leader, Jean-Mar
isa wealthy young Ventrue who serves the Torea-
dor Maiselle. Catherine, is the daughter of the
innkeeper in Strood and is Maiselle's childe.
Catherine is somewhat naive but wields a great

al of influence in'Strood through her family.

The final member is Manfred, a Brujah with
fond of

martial experience who has grown quite
Strood and its populace.


Gilbert Rosacroix is a cunning, power-hungry man,
never without a copy of Gratian's The Concordance of
Discordant Canons in his hand. In his pride he believes he
is a man after St. Theodosius himself, and excising the
vampires in Strood would make themall the more similar,
as the Red Order's legendary head converted after his
battle with an ancient blood-drinker. Rosacroix's modus
operandi is to throw around canon law and quote from the
legal texts of the Concordance, pointing them out and
lecturing to the ignorant peasants. He bolsters this with
the fear that his red robe creates in the hearts of the
peasantry. This fear allows him a great breadth of liberty
in his actions. The red robes impress upon others the
papal authority Rosacroix has as a member of the Red
Order. (Irony is, it's this same papal authority that might
cut off Rosacroix's power-hungry actions. England's great
distance from Rome allows him such freedoms for now.)
There is little that Rosacroix feels he cannot get; and
more importantly, little he feels he does not deserve.

Nextin line is Rosacroix's self-titled second, Henry
Sircely. Sircely has no qualms about riding Rosacroix's
red coattails and sleeps well with the dreams of power
Rosacroix whispers in his ears. Gilbert makes demands
and Sircely fulfills them. Sircely is always the one who
dirties his hands, the one to drag infidels out of their
homes and into the light of the sun. Sircely is not
trained in canon lawas Rosacroix was, but his expertise
in the Boni Spiritus more than compensates. He is a
cold, steely man from peasant origins who sees the rest
of the world as weak-kneed half-wits without the
courage even to speak in the face of adversity. Sircely,
on the other hand, is more than willing to martyr
himself for God.

The most recent addition to Rosacroix's cell is a
boy from Winchester simply known as Peter. Peter isan
orphan, his father trampled by a horse and mother dead
from childbirth complications. The Red Order snapped
him up because he displayed the stigmata. Gilbert
claims Peter's allegiance not because of his usefulness
but because of the positive attention it affords both
Rosacroix and Sircely to have such a "God-gifted
member" among their ranks. Beyond that, Gilbert uses
Peter for simple, brainless tasks despite the boy's appar-
ent intelligence. He is often seen carrying books or
tying up the horses.

Aside from the three Red Order members, Rosacroix
travels with a cadre of mercenary knights from Rochester
and Plymouth. These knights are members of no holy
order but are paid well enough to keep their mouths shut
and their swords sharp.

Events

Rosacroix and the others wasted no time upon
entering Strood. They entered the village on a cold

January morning and took up immediate residence at
the Maidstone Inn. They also came in full regalia. The
monks and the attendant knights clothed themselves
in the raiment of the Red Order: crimson cloaks and
hoods. The whispers began immediately, but the town
suspected why these men had come. The town shud-
dered, for their collective guilt was enough to damn
them all. Was Alwyn right? Had they truly allowed —
even welcomed — infernal influence to come into
their town? Alwyn's outburst condemned them all, and
the guilt levied against them felt like a hammer of God
chipping away at their minds.

As Peter secured the room and carried their goods
upstairs (including small items of torture, weapons, relics
of minorsaintsand alchemical equipment), Rosacroix and
Sircely patrolled the downstairs, discussing "law" loudly
enough for all who remained in the inn to hear. After a
faux-circumspect inspection (which was really little more
than fingering dust off of unused banisters and making loud
threatening sounds about rooting out heresy to one an-
other), Rosacroix set Sircely and the knights to a single
task: Bring townsfolk. Anyone atall. A random collection
of six or seven villagers pulled from their fields, or travelers
dragged from their rooms at the Maidstone would do.
Truthfully, who they were didn't matter. Rosacroix de-
manded that thejob be done ina few short hours, preferably
before the sun set. Meanwhile, he would read upon some
of the law relevant to demonic heresy while he waited.
They would meet just outside the inn proper, near to
Watling Road where Alwyn was found dead.

Sircely returned with six villagers: three farmers,
one millerand two pilgrims plucked from the Maidstone.
This action drew much attention, and many from the
inn and nearby gathered outside to see what the ruckus
was about. Sircely paraded the collected citizens around,
saying nothing. The flash of the red robes and the man
with the book (Rosacroix) elicited cries and sobs from
the growing crowd. The townsfolk knew then that
Alwyn had truly condemned them all.

Rosacroix gave a speech, mixing quotes from the
Bible with quotes from Justinian law and the Decretum.
He used vague terms but always kept in his speech the
flavor of accusation. At the end, he declared that he
would show them his "proof" of their complicit natures.
He brought out Peter, whose hands were dripping with
fresh blood. Rosacroix announced that the boy only
bled in the presence of treachery to the Lord. The
action was met with gasps and further cries as the
knights hedged in the crowd.

Rosacroix brought the six villagers in front of him,
one by one, and put them to the question. The first was
aman called Timothy who raised hogs on the outskirts
of town. Rosacroix's first approach was literally just a
question. He asked, "Are there demons in this town?"
Timothy, of course, said no, not that he was aware of.

Sw < For oa a
fx SRLS = a lel, aN may aa
Stq.-o= as » SPOILSOFWAR - SL Sf 332) S

> SPOULSORWAL = re BP,

Rosacroix pulled out an ornate gilded cross and pressed it to his ear as if to listen. He then explained that the cross
was a holy relic (which it wasn't) and that, through it, the saints would whisper if they had just heard a lie. Gilbert
shook his head and explained simply, "I'm afraid they are whispering." He then said that it was unjust to let liars
walk around freely, and Sircely and the knights pinned the pig farmer to the ground, removed the rags the man
used for shoes and put a torch to the bottoms of his feet. The screams drove the onlookers to panic; only the
presence of the armed mercenaries kept them from running.
Gilbert explained to the crowd that any of them could stop this at any point by coming clean about the presence
of demons in the town, as it had clearly been proven that the Adversary's influence was
rife. Then he called the next villager up, and Sircely brought up the young daughter
ofa wheat farmer. Even before he asked the question, a voice spoke up out
of the crowd. Andrew the wheelwright's presence felt yet again,
and he stood unafraid and unmoved by the proceedings, looking only
sad. He pointed to the proprietor of the inn, Thomas Maidstone, and
explained that the man was a slave to his own daughter, who had
been made a demon by the three visitors. Gilbert smiled. It was all he
needed.

° Gust Cause

The cell used fear and surprise to reach its aims.
Gilbert viewed the peasants as little more than
puppets whose strings were best worked by

harsh movements. Upon learning of the

0 innkeeper's transgressions (instigated by
Andrew's mere suspicions), he be-

gan working to drive a wedge
between the townsfolk. The rest of
that first afternoon was spent in
a carnival display of question-
ing, while Thomas Maidstone

was shackled and carried
away to the cell's room fora
more ... thorough interro-
gation. Rosacroix offered
the townspeople a simple
deal explained with much
pomp and circumstance.
They could reveal the de-
mons or instead be
considered witches
suckling at the
Adversary's breast.
The tactic of
threats and terror
worked, and by
nightfall two
strong leads had
been garnered
in the process.

\\

\

\

> es ——s, " i SS


Two Birds, One Stone

One piece of the puzzle was all that was necessary
to lead the Red Order to the specific location of the
Cainites. When one of Matthew's (the village smith's)
daughters was pulled to the forefront before nightfall to
see if the little girl "fey-touched" or "infernally
despoiled," Matthew had no choice but to speak up.
Although he could not publicly declare his love for
Catherine, and while the act shattered his heart, he
gave up her location to keep his child unharmed, his
reputation untarnished and his secret infatuation with
herunknown. Afterall, hadn't Thomas already pointed
out her father based on circumstantial suspicions?

While others in the coterie had gone off tempo-
rarily to visit Rochester with Maiselle, Catherine had
stayed behind with Manfred in their haven down in the
root cellar of the inn. Her two brothers were the only
initial complication — they guarded the door dili-
gently, young men who would protect their sister at any
cost. Of course, neither was martially trained (at least
not to the degree that the mercenary knights were) and
fell quickly at Sircely's command. Upon entering the
room, they discovered Catherine and Manfred waking
anew as night settled in.

Manfred was the most difficult to subdue. With
great speed and strength, Manfred attacked the knights,
killing two of them immediately. Then Sircely stepped
in. Asthe tears flowed down his face, he rooted Manfred
to the spot, and the knights took over. They weren't
supposed to destroy him, but in a vengeful rage over
their fallen companions they decapitated the defense-
less vampire.

Catherine confessed in the face of this horror. The
girl was naive and confused, and Sircely sensed this
vulnerability. He explained to her that her father had
confessed (he hadn't) and was upstairs and "paying for
his sins." She bowed to Sircely's will and went along,
giving up all hope and loyalty to her coterie.

Aftermath

The weeks that followed were hard for everybody
except the members of the Red Order and Andrew the
wheelwright. Gilbert's instincts were right. The fear of
Mother Church (and the trepidation instilled by sight
of the red robes) was enough to bring the entire town
to heel. Many in the town were tortured, and Gilbert
sent a runner to the Dover Council of Faith for an
execution order for several citizens (though none of the
citizens was told exactly why they were being executed,
only that they had consorted with the infernal). At
least one man died without a trial, however. The head
of the town council, Aldrec, confessed to having "con-
nections" to the leaders of the demons, a Cainite called

Jean-Marc. Aldrec was put to the sword outside the
Maidstone Inn, where Gilbert informed him that the
gilded cross said "he was lying about his innocence."

After a few weeks, Rosacroix put a new clergyman in
place, a priest named Father Yerick. Yerick was a middle-
aged man who, in his younger years, had been caught with
heretical texts and had been exiled to the Isle of Man.
Rosacroix pulled him from his exile with the implicit
agreement being an alliance between the two, and this
agreement was made clear to the townsfolk as well.
(Gilbert even left behind a red robe for the priest to don
should he need to exhibit authority.) Rosacroix also left
behind a small, four-man group of mercenary knights,
meant as a reminder of the Church's presence.

The remaining two coterie members (Maiselle and
Jean-Marc) learned of the events in Strood and plan
never to return. The Prince of Rochester, Harold the
Bearded, became wary of any connection that may lead
the Inquisition to come knocking down his manor door.
He has declared a blood hunt on the two Cainites and has
used his influence with the mortal Baron of Rochester to
make sure that they are hunted by day as well as by night.

Catherine and her father, Thomas, have gone with
Rosacroix and the others back to the Abbey at Plymouth.
There, it is intended that both of them will be experi-
mented upon to determine how their infernal gifts can be
used against them and others of their kind. It is possible
that Maiselle might attempt to track Catherine down and
attempt some kind of rescue, but it is unlikely because
directly confronting the Red Order would be an inordi-
nately risky endeavor.

Complications

A few complications exist for Gilbert and his cell.
First and foremost is the fact that Rosacroix stepped
badly out of his authority during the incident at
Strood, particularly in ordering the execution of Aldrec.
He was meant to keep his position as a canon lawyer
and his membership to the Red Order as separate as
possible. Also, the Red Order is known for quiet
tactics, not the brash displays of fear and power that
Gilbert exhibited. So far he has suffered no recrimina-
tions from the rest of the Inquisition, but the Eyes of
God never close. It is only a matter of time.

The other complication comes from a rather sur-
prising source: the boy, Peter. Peter isan innocent, and
while he embraces the teachings of St. Theodosius
with fervor, he does not feel that its practice should be
applied in the brutal manner that Rosacroix and Sircely
espouse. Peter is currently torn; he knows that he could
pass word along of the events in Strood and probably
bring trouble down on the heads of his cellmates.
Another, darker impulse grows within the boy. Peter
ponders whether or not killing Sircely and Rosacroix


would be best, sending them into the hands of the Lord
and letting the judgment be divine instead of worldly.
As yet he has done nothing, but his guilt and disap-
pointment grow day by day.

Gilbert Rosacroiy

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Gallant

Order: Red Order

Background: Rosacroix was born under the ban-
ner of the French aristocracy, his father a discontented
lord who had much status but little money. The father
sought to wield the burgeoning social power that came
with being "nobility" in southern France, and he saw
his son as a way to show the family's potential to the
world. By the age of 11, Gilbert had already studied
under a team of professorial Glossators (commentators
and interpreters of the Justinian code) in Florence,
taught specifically in the areas of Church-directed
canon law. Already being trained in the arts of lan-
guage, Aristotelian philosophy, and theology, one of
the legists in charge of the university chose to initiate
the young (by then, 13 years of age) Gilbert into the
ranks of his own order, the Order of St. Theodosius.

Rosacroix took to his learning with passion.
The ancient texts, the hint of black secrecy, the talk
of Theodosius himself? All of these things invigo-
rated the boy further, pushing him to develop his

body and mind so it required startlingly little sleep
to survive. Most of his time until his late teens was
spent buried in study, locked away in dark rooms
and vaulted libraries, poring through texts. When
he finally freed himself from the rigors of learning,
he became an official canon lawyer as well as an
apprentice in the Red Order and balanced his field
time and his interabbey research time as best as he
was able. He became so versed in the art of debate
and civil law that some actually began referring to
him as the "serpent in the Garden" behind his back.

It was five years ago that Gilbert came to En-
gland, far from the reach of papal hands, to the lower
coast of Plymouth where the Red Order had little
authority or membership. He brought with him the
initiate Henry Sircely, and there the two worked at
research into how precisely to accelerate their own
learning and power.

Image: Gilbert is not a large man and yet carries
himself as if he were. He walks, chin up, with blue
eyes bright and scrutinizing. He is often seen in the
dress of the Red Order, as he delights in the reac-
tions of people as he passes.

Henry Sircely

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Judge

Order: Red Order

Background: Sircely was indoctrinated into the
Red Order at a very young age but was jaundiced and
had a stuttering speech impediment. His superiors thus
considered him weak of body and mind. He was often
excluded, picked on, even given punishments and
penance that had little to do with any of his actions.
While he still remained a small boy he began studying
with fierce academic determination, however, and
even trained in martial skills to act as defense against
his bullies.

It worked, toa point. While many remembered his
days as a sickly youth and treated him as such, he still
forced open doors for himself that eventually allowed
him to travel extensively in an effort to learn about
(and root out) heresies against Mother Church. Over
time, this brought him to Rosacroix's attentions, who
saw a valuable weapon whose knowledge of the arcane
and occult could make up for his own lack of ability.

Sircely is content being Rosacroix's second, as the
bullying he took as a youth hasn't prepared him to be a
leader. He accepts Gilbert's commands and has begun to
see their partnership as an "us against them" situation.

Image: Sircely isa small man, no taller than f5'6", but
he is lean and muscled. His face is bookish and thin, and
he has a monk's cut of dark hair with a bald spot growing.
His face is pockmarked from acne as an adolescent.

: a ~ : , an
a See <n Sie) [JO NY <i ey
<2 TERE wa
Nay =< eae iss Se I SS


Peter

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Caretaker

Order: Red Order

Background: Peter's parents died when he was
young. His mother perished in childbirth, and his
father died when he was six years old. The father, a
pious farmer from just outside of Winchester, was
already grooming his son for the Franciscan Order. The
boy was savvy, even at his young age, and learned the
lessons of the Church well despite his inability to read.
The Red Order fixed that grievance upon the death of
Peter's father and took him in and began teaching him
in earnest. By the time the boy was 12, he was an expert
student, learned in the intricacies of the Gospels (both
canonical and apocryphal, the latter of which took
precedence in later years) and in the understanding of
the infernal influence of the occult.

The boy still held his parents' death as a sticking
point in his life, and the very thought of it led to a
problem with nightmares. The Red Order used this as
a tool, however, and explained to the boy that the
reason his parents were allowed to die, and, in fact, the
reason that any good people were made to die, was
because of the presence of the Adversary walking the
Earth. Peter held to this point religiously and still
believes in it.

Peter began to bleed with the stigmata at the age of
13, and word spread fast of the "prodigy" within the
order who carried the major wounds of Christ. Peter
could do no wrong, and it was this that attracted

Gilbert to pluck the boy from the abbey and train him
under his tutelage (in other words, to use the boy).

Image: Peter is a tall, thin boy of 15. He is often
bleeding from the stigmata he suffers. Both of his wrists
ooze blood, and he even features the rare stigmata of
the spear that was supposed to have punctured the side
of Christ during his time on the cross. The boy's face is
severe, and he always looks sad and distant, as if he is
painfully aware of the burden he carries.

Fields of Blood

Although the main enemies of the Protectorate of
Compostela are the Cainites under Prince Reinaldo de
Rubio, they are not the only supernatural force active
in the region. Several septs of Garou have existed in the
environs of the city for the last three centuries (not that
the Oculi Dei or the Poor Knights who compose the
inquisitorial cells in Santiago would make the distinc-
tion between them and the Leeches). The Garou of the
Field of Stars Sept have, for the most part, steered clear
of the inquisitors' endeavors, having no desire to be-
come involved in another conflict — their ongoing
skirmishes against the city's Cainites are enough of a
problem. Indeed, the Warders in the Sept of Compostela
have forestalled any reprisals against the shadow Inqui-
sition cells despite their ongoing threat to the Garou
and their Kinfolk who are scattered over a wide area of
Galicia north of the city. Inone moment of passion and
rage, however, this restraint was torn asunder and a
tragedy of epic proportions set in motion.

The Spark

Three days after Pentecost, soldiers of the Church
seized a young woman, Maria Acedo, and her compan-
ions a few miles outside Compostela, accusing her of
"committing unnatural acts with hellspawn." In fact,
the girl and her companions were a group of Kinfolk to
the Garou of the Field of Stars Sept, returning to their
lands after the celebrations. One werewolf, a young
Ahroun called Steadfast-Hill, traveled with them as a
protector. Faced with the prospect of confinement and
torture for his people's kin, the Garou frenzied and
attacked her captors. At first he simply fought like a
madman but in short order he changed into Crinos
form, seeking to drive off the Church soldiers. Unfor-
tunately, the soldiers appeared immune to the effects of
Delirium — they were in fact Poor Knights of Acre
acting on information provided by the Oculi Dei
and what ensued was a bloody slaughter from which, to
the soldier's chagrin, none of the "hellspawn" survived
(Steadfast-Hill included). The carnage did not go
unnoticed, however — Maria's lover, a Garou of the
Warders of Men named Aurelio Niifiez, happened


upon the scene. He arrived too late to save his Kinfolk
and comrade but watched the knights carefully, the
desire for revenge burning hot in his heart.

That might have been the end of it. Werewolves
and Kinfolk faced constant persecution at the hands of
the Leeches but, on the advice of the elders in the Sept,
had held back, knowing that to act would be to invite
greater reprisals. Unfortunately, Aurelio neither cared
for restraint nor had any desire to forgo his vengeance.
As one of the Golden Wheel Camp — the itinerant
Warders who plied their trade between Galicia's cites
— he was less insightful and cautious than other
members of the sept and for all his physical prowess
lacked the intellect to appreciate the ramifications of
his actions. The next day, Aurelio ambushed a pair of
knights patrolling El Camino de Santiago, albeit Knights
of Santiago rather than members of the Poor Knights of
Acre (not that he appreciated the distinction). War
had been declared between the Protectorate of
Compostela and the Field of Stars Sept, though neither
party was yet aware of it.

The Pogrom

In response, the knights moved into the countryside
in considerable force, marching steadily toward the Sar
Valley that was the heartland of the Field of Stars Sept.
Their treatment of those they encountered in the Upper
Sar valley was brutal, and though none of those targeted
was Garou, a number were Kinfolk to members of the
Field of Stars Sept. Combined with the previous massa-
cre, the sept — whose members guarded a caern of
Leadership near the river's headwaters — took this as the
challenge it was and struck back.

The church soldiers seemed amused that "peas-
ants" were prepared to stand up to them, seemingly
expecting a quick victory. This confidence did not last,
particularly when — with battle joined — a number of
peasants transformed into Hispo and Glabro forms.
Some of them turned and fled while others were carried
from the battle when their mounts panicked. The
Warder known as Ramon Grassrunner had realized
that the attackers' greatest advantage was their horses
and led a mix of Garou and wolf Kinfolk leaping into
their midst.

Not everything went the werewolves' way, how-
ever. Upon seeing the effect of the Garou on horses, an
Ahroun known as Marta Spite-Tongue sought to scare
off the human foes. She shifted into Crinos form,
believing the Delirium would cause her opponent to
flee or cower in terror. She was thus extremely surprised
when the knight she was facing didn't even flinch at
her appearance, and their blades cut her down before
she could react. Nonetheless, the knights quickly real-
ized they were outmatched, and as casualties mounted
on both sides, their leaders ordered the retreat.

a A= Ss ee
eS — fe

Tuterlude

The Sept did not immediately move against the Poor
Knights though they did send individual werewolves into
the city to keep a close watch on their enemies. What
they learned was of immense interest to Augustin
Rodriguez (called Brother-to-Stone), the sept leader. It
appeared that the leader of the Knights of Santiago
blamed the Poor Knights for the debacle in the Upper Sar
— only a third of the detachment of the Knights of
Santiago survived the encounter, compared to almost all
of the Poor Knights —claiming that the Poor Knights'
bad planning and overconfidence were responsible for
the death of his men. To his mind, nothing else could
explain how peasants had driven off a party of knights,
and he was likewise disturbed by reports that the Poor
Knights themselves had wielded some form of magic in
the battle. Were they saints or some malignant force
clasped to the bosom of the church? Many of the Knights
of Santiago backed away from the Poor Knights, their
wariness combining with that of their leader toreduce the
Poor Knights' available allies drastically just when they
needed them most.

The Assault

While some of the Garou were satisfied that their
defeat of the Knights would secure their position — at
least long enough torelocate toa place of safety — though
some at the moot that followed the battle argued for
taking the fight back to inquisitors. Chief among these
were Rebecca Broken-Claw, a Ragabash Bone Gnawer;
the Ahroun Warder Ramon Grassrunner; BeatrizSilverfur,
a Galliard; and Ruiz al Rashid, a Philodox of Moorish
descent more commonly called Walks-the-Wind. Each
argued that unless the enemy was kept off balance it
would strike back swiftly and heavily, inflicting an intol-
erable price. Brother-to-Stone was loath to challenge the
forces in Santiago, not least because of the Leech pres-
ence inthe city, whichsome thought might be behind the
Church's sudden interest in the Garou and their Kinfolk.
Eventually, however, these opponents submitted and the
four advocates were given leave to form the Swift Hunters
Pack, also incorporating three other Warders: Alberto
Strides-the-Stars, a Theurge and cousin of Maria Acedo;
Lucita Suarez (Leaps-from-Shadow), a Galliard and sister
of the fallen Spite-Tongue; and Hunter-in-Storms, a
Lupus Ragabash. While Grassrunner led the pack, it was
Broken Claw and Hunter-in-Storms who tracked the
Knights back to their commandery, which they observed
forseveral days inan effort to study the place's routine. An
Umbral assault, they realized, would not be practical —
the knights had so filled their area with their faith that the
Umbrasurrounding the commandery was painfully bright
and the spirits there unfriendly to the Garou. To assault
the compound in the Realm, however, required them to
pass the compound's stables, kennels and mews to reach


THE PROTECTORATE
S antiago de Compostela is one of the holiest
SJ sites in Christendom. It is the third most
significant pilgrimage site for the faithful, ranking
behind only Jerusalem and Rome, with a series of
routes — El Camino de Santiago — crossing northern
Iberia. This significance draws a variety of agencies to
the city, and it is no surprise that the Inquisition has
established a foothold. This is not, however, a unified
presence but rather two distinct groups, ostensibly
working together as the Protectorate of Compostela.
The first is the Poor Knights of Acre, who work
in close cooperation with the Knights of Santiago and
other military orders both in the city and along El
Camino de Santiago. Their leader is the g
Knight-Commander Baltasar Delgado, whose year:
of experience — most notably in the Albigensian
i

led

Crusade — make him a force to be reckoned with. £
Raphael de la Vega serves as Delgado's lieutenant, a
2 (if somewhat less pious) warrior than
his superior but nonetheless a capable knight. The
third Poor Knight of note is Sire Fantino di Milano, a
former Hospitaler whose main duty is to oversee the
hospice and orphanage the Poor Knights maintain at

more dashir

their commandery, located a short distance outside
the city. Approximately a dozen other Poor Knights
of lesser status serve in Compostela.

The second group is a loose association of Oculi
Dei scattered throughout the city. Their notional
head is Dofia Ignacia Navarro de Souza, a young and

the Knights' main halls, something the Rage-filled Garou
would be unlikely todo undetected. Instead, they decided
that Walks-the-Wind would enter the compound dis-
guised as a lone pilgrim and from there use his Gifts to
silence the dogs and horses.

The pack's attack on the Knights' dormitory was
swift and brutal, with several of the junior knights and
non-knightly residents brought low before they could
act. While the early success of their assault proved
heartening, the martial prowess of the Knights soon
made itself felt. Not only were they trained warriors but
some of the Poor Knights were able to bolster their
strength nearly to match that of the Garou attacke
well as fortifying their minds against the Delirium.
Leaps-from-Shadow fell to the sword of Baltasar Delgado
while attempting to avenge her sister, but not before
she had badly wounded the Knight-Commander. Bro-
ken-Claw also fell to the knights' blades, but the
vicious Ahroun took several more with her into death.
With the pack increasingly hard-pressed within the
halls, Grassrunner withdrew to the courtyard where
Walks-the-Wind, still maintaining his control over
the animals of the compound, turned them on their

as

= OF COMPOSTELA

wealthy widow. The Dofia believes her husband died
at the hands of the "fiends" that prowl Compostela's
nights and workssysteniatically tounravel the Enemy's
influence inthe city. Anagentknown only as Fortunato
is able to obtain a wide variety of information on the
city's seedier side. Fortunato is, in fact, the most senior
member of the Oculi Dei in the city but is prevented
rting any influence on his comrades by his (or
her — Fortunato's identity is shrouded in mystery)
residence. The Carrillo brothers, Ramiroand Ganzalo,
complete the Oculi Dei cell, Ramiro operating a
pilgrim tavern while the younger Ganzalo isa clerk in
the Cathedral. The members of the Oculi Dei cell do

frome

not meet each other face to face but instead commu-
nicate via messages left in a series of places around the
City.

The threat against which the shadow Inquisi-
tion members are aimed is the numerous Vampire
sects operating in and around the city. Their princi-
pal foe is the Cainite Prince of Compostela, the
Lasombra Reinaldo de Rubio. As ever with Cainites,
a complex web of intrigue exists around the prince.
Most notably, however, Reinaldo is enamored of
Dojia Ignacia and plans to Embrace her. Fortunato
is aware of this — he (or she) resides within the
prince's household — and is in fact using the Dofia
as a lure. What is less clear, however, is how much
Reinaldo knows of the shadow Inquisition and it
plans in the city.

erstwhile masters. As the knights were forced to defend
themselves against their own beasts, the Swift Hunters
withdrew to lick their wounds.

The attack had beena mixed success for the Garou.
They had slain a number of junior knights and non-
inquisitors, sowing immense confusion in the
commandery, but had failed to bring low the group's
leaders and had lost two of their own. Something still
needed to be done about the Knights, but another
direct assault was not the answer.

Assassins of Body and Wind
Over the next weel

began to have nightmare:

featured prominently. In the dreams, the knights butch-

various people in Compostela
in which the Knights of Acre

ered pilgrims and used their bodies in satanic rituals,
committing a range of unspeakable acts in which they
bowed down before a great idol of the Prince of Lies. At
first little reaction to this occurred — the dreamers were
disconcerted but unsure as to the dream's meaning — but
as the numbers experiencing the nightmares grew, even-
tuallyseveral foundeach otherand realized that something


was dreadfully wrong. Indeed, anumber believed that the
nightmares were visions from God, sent to warn the
people of Compostela as to the perfidy of the Poor
Knights. The surviving Knights suddenly found it very
hard to purchase supplies and were shunned wherever
they went — none of the locals was willing to confront
the Knights, but that didn't mean they had to help them.
This campaign was, of course, the Garou's doing, with
Beatriz Silverfur using her Galliard Gifts to manipulate
dreams. Worse was to come.

Late one afternoon following six weeks of such
dreams, Silverfur allowed one of the knights to see her
change to Lupus form, prompting a chase into the heart
of the city, the winding Rtas around the cathedral.
Their presence caused something of a stir — the Poor
Knights were not a common sight in the city, and the
stories of the dreams had led to considerable distrust —
but Sir Rafael de la Vega, who led the pursuit, was not
about to let "hellspawn" escape his grasp once more.
Silverfur led the knights a merry chase, threading in
and out of the crowds of pilgrims who looked on warily,
but upon entering the main square slowed to allow the
pursuers to catch up. She then took a calculated gamble
— she knew that these soldiers of God could harden
their minds against the Veil—and howled, turning her
Gifts on the Knights' deputy leader. Silverfur sought to
provoke their leader into a berserk anger. She suc-
ceeded and de la Vega drew his sword, hacking at those
around him, friend and foe alike. In the confusion,
Silverfur stepped into the Umbra and escaped.

Rafael's brief but bloody rampage lead to the maim-
ing of three pilgrims and was enough to convince the
Poor Knights that the lieutenant was insane. With the
pilgrims, however, the effect was more pronounced.
The dreams of the Knights' corruption seemed to be
borne out by de la Vega's frenzy, in which he appeared
more like a beast than a man of God. Within a few
hours, the other martial orders in the city moved
against the Knights' commandery, where they found a
scene of bloody carnage.

While de la Vega and his companions had chased
Silverfur through Compostela, Grassrunner had led
the rest of the pack in a strike at the leadership of the
Knights. From their vantage point overlooking the
commandery, the werewolves stepped sideways, travel-
ingashort distance through the Umbra before emerging
in the Knights' assembly hall. Over the course of the
"dream campaign," the aura of faith surrounding the
commandery in the Umbra had waned. Although it
was not completely gone, the Garou found that they
could enter the hall and step back into the Realm
without too much difficult. Within a few moments,
they had found their prey — the Knight-Commander
— and engaged him in bloody combat. Delgado was a
superlative warrior and a skilled initiate of the myster-

+=

ies attendant to the Poor Knights of the Passion of the
Cross of Acre, but he could not hope to prevail alone
against four powerful and determined Garou. He fought
bravely but was soon brought low, his body torn asun-
der by the violent attack. Sir Fantino di Milano, the
head of the Knights' humanitarian mission, was slightly
more fortunate, hearing the battle between Delgado
and the Garou, thus having time to prepare himself. He
mortally wounded Walks-the-Wind but eventually
succumbed himself. The remaining Swift Hunters set
about making the commandery an object lesson to
those foolish humans who would challenge the Garou,
slaughtering the few pilgrims who remained in the
hospice as well as all but three of the children in the
orphanage. Carrying Walks-the-Wind, whose life was
fading fast and would die before they reached home,
the pack set off to rendezvous with Silverfur.

Aftermath

Asaresult of the slaughter in the commandery and
de la Vega's "possession" in the Riias, the other military
orders in Compostela moved to suppress the Poor
Knights. The Inquisition retained a presence in the
city in the form of the Oculi Dei but could only gather
information, not act on it. By the time the inquisitors
sent a follow-up expedition to the Sar Valley, Brother-
to-Stone had organized the relocation of the Kinfolk to
safer lands, leaving little beyond a number of recently
abandoned farmsteads as evidence of their existence.

At the end of the bloody clash, neither the
werewolves nor the Inquisitors could claim to have
won a victory. Both had sacrificed too much to the
conflict and would be many years recovering. Indeed,
the only group in the city that benefited from the
carnage was the Cainites. Fortunato, still hiding in the
house of Prince Reinaldo, wondered how informed the
canny Lasombra was of the war between the Poor
Knights and the werewolves ...

The Swift hunters Pack

All of the surviving members of the Swift Hunters
Pack are Warders of Men, bound together by their
desire to bring vengeance for the knights who massa-
cred their Kinfolk.

R amon Grassrunner

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Warders of Men

Rank: Athro

Background: The undisputed alpha of the Swift
Hunters, Grassrunner is a formidable warrior with
almost two decades of experience leading Garou in
battle. In his years of warfare he has been called


upon to fight a wide variety of foes, notably Leeches
and magi, but in more recent years forces of the
Church. He is forthright in his opinions and toler-
ates no insubordination but also knows his own
weaknesses and when to delegate.

Image: In his mid-thirties, gray streaks run
though Grassrunner's long dark hair — also appear-
ing in his Crinos and Lupus forms — combining
with his weather-beaten skin to add several years to
his age. He is, nonetheless, a handsome man, with
powerful muscles and proud bearing, though a pair
of scars down his left cheek and across his chin spoil
the image somewhat. Even in Crinos form he is far
from the largest Garou in the pack but makes up for
it with his dexterity and cunning.

Beatris Silverfur
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Galliard
Tribe: Warders of Men
Rank: Adren

Background: Despite her relative youth, Beatriz is
a thoughtful Garou, constantly judging when to fight
and when to use less direct action to achieve her goals.
This mix of caution and strength earns her great
respect from the sept elders, and Brother-to-Stone
believes that she has a great future. Silverfur's argu-
ments were a major factor in the sept's decision to form
the Swift Hunters, and Beatriz is acknowledged as the
beta of the pack, second only to Grassrunner.

Image: Despite her name, Silverfur is a fairly
youthful Garou, being only in her mid-twenties,

though her hair is already shot through with gray,
which becomes even more pronounced in her Crinos
and Lupus forms. Hardened by a life in Sar Valley,
Beatriz is well muscled and adept at combat, her
torso crisscrossed by a series of scars from the numer-
ous battles she has fought.

Alberto Stridses-the-Gtars
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Warders of Men

Rank:

Background: A cousin of Maria Acedo and the
others slain at the outset of the conflict, vengeance
is the driving force behind Alberto's decision to join
the Swift Hunters. He has sworn that the knights
will pay in blood for their crimes. Grassrunner is
unsure that the Rage-filled Fostern has the clarity of
mind necessary to defeat the Church soldiers in
their own den but is unwilling to deny the Theurge
his right to seek redress.

Image: Strides-the-Stars is a slim young man,
barely twenty, but is already wise in the ways of
Gaia, ever-alert to his surroundings, seeing many
things that his companions miss. Unlike many of his
packmates he has blonde hair that he keeps short
and also endeavors to grow a beard, with mixed
(and, to his packmates, humorous) success. His
Crinos form is wiry but no less powerful than his
companions, while his fur in all forms retains its
golden sheen.

ae Se ry oe = oT
—<S}¢,- 92 = NS OLS OF A 7. 333 Sy
Fos. ~ ap BE,

Hunter-in-Storms

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Warders of Men

Rank: Fostern

Background: The youngest of the pack — only 13
as humans reckon the years — Hunter-in-Storms has
nonetheless had a lifetime's experience of hunting and
battling agents of the Wyrm. He isa superlative tracker
and quiet killer, though he is wary of attempting to bait
the Church soldiers in their own den.

Image: Large by wolf standards, Hunter-in-Storms
is sleek and well muscled, his long dark fur rippling has
he walks. He moves witha grace that belies his strength,
allowing him to surprise — lethally in most cases — his
prey. In his Homid form, he appears as a fit and
handsome youth with dark, darting eyes.


42)

CO ThE VICTORS GO THE, SPO
Whether it's a Holy War or battle of succession, strife brings opportunity. The
inhabitants of the Dark Medieval™, mortal and supernatural, are rarely satisfied with

what they have®Call i @ like —a righteous cause gr an ancient grudge — war

is hell, but the rewards e worth the risks. Do you have the courage, the
intelligence and the skill t

- THE VICTOR WRITES BISCORY :

narmy-to victory? j e La

Dark Ages: Spoils of War is the ‘sister title to Right of Prin and -contains

information on how to raise an army, atta nd overtak ‘oe' holdings and beat an

nformation 6n both
the historical and supernatural applic tions of v i k Medieval and. how
players. canturn these weapo a.

werewolves — on the waging of war

° Sateen to the mass combat system and weapons charts

" fromRight of Princes revisited — and torn Ose =

ISBN 1-58846-
oD, OR MARTENS ‘ WW20046

* a I |

AIP XALKY)

CG

a)

ip
pm

88"462buc