# File: Spooks and Oracles.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

»

bm



Written by: Mark Cenczyk and Dawn Kahan

Additional Writing by: Richard E. Dansky

Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Cynthia Summers

Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Mike Danza, Pia Guerra, Fred Harper, Henry
Higgenbotham, Jill Thompson

Cover Art: Eric Lacombe and John Cobb

Cover Design: Conan H. Venus

Layout and typesetting by: Conan H. Venus

au

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA
GAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Re-
production without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for per-
sonal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vam-
pire the Dark Ages, and Mage the Ascension are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Guildbook Spooks
and Oracles, Guildbook Artificers, Guildbooks Sandmen,
Guildbook Masquers, Guildbook Haunters, Guildbook Pup-
peteers and Pardoners, Shadowplayers Guide and Wraith Play-
ers Guide are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and
themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discre-
tion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

Special Thanks (Worldcon Edition) To:
Stephe "I've Got a Dealer Badge and You Don't" Pagel, be-
cause they also serve, who stand and wait... .

Dean "Cat's Cradle, Witch's Broom" Burnham, for keepin'
on truckin' deepinahearta Texas.

Stewart "Von! Von Lovely Allmen! Two! Two Lovely
Allmen!" Wieck, for greeting the Moorcock-loving hordes.
Greg "I Can't Go" Fountain, for not going to WorldCon.
Fred "I Can't Go Either" Yelk, for not going to WorldCon.
Brian "Umm, Did I Mention I Can't Go?" Glass, for not go-
ing to WorldCon.

Andrew "I'd Love to Go, Really..." Bates, for at least having
a decent excuse for not going to WorldCon.

Sister Acceptance created by Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea.
Fix and Artemus Vanderwaal created by Mark Cenczyk.
Yaeko created by Heather Grove.


Ghost Story: A Road ot Stee! and Souls, Part V

Prologue: The Spook inside Me t
Chapter One: Those Honor Bound iB
Chapter Two: inquiries (A History) )
Chapter Three: The job and How To Do it 4
Chapter Four: The Rank and File 56
Appendix: Friends With Long Guns 68

il nd |"

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, Pat Vil 8
Chapter i: Dé Yu 84
Chapter fi inside the Unblinking Eye 0
Chapter fii And it Was Written In
Chapter iV: Opening Them Wider D
Chapter V:(Un)Faiiar Faces BO

Appendix: Portraits Hanging on the Catacomb Wall Mn


‘When a soul passes over into the next worl, can
nothing give it power to return?

Not even love, or hate?"

Frederic Barbarossa

wes


y all rights, St. Ignatius should have met
the wrecking ball years ago. The church
was over 150 years old, and looked twice
that age. Ivy that had once served to give
the walls character now simply smothered
them in a rat's nest of dead tendrils. The
walls themselves sagged under the weight
of decades of neglect, their stones barely held in place by dis-
integrating mortar. The iron fence that ringed the property
was mostly rust, and the stained-glass windows had long ago
been smashed in.

The only thing keeping the city from condemning the
property was the fact that it had been declared a historical
landmark 10 years previous. Municipal politics being what they
are, however, the addition of a large network of steel scaffold-
ing to the front of the building was all that had come of any
attempts at a restoration of the site. The skeleton of pipes and
wooden planks was supposed to shore up the front fagade tem-
porarily, until the real repairs could begin. That work had been
done two years ago. Now the scaffolding was the only thing
keeping the east wall from falling onto Munroe Avenue.

Part Vil: The Whole World in His Hands

The bells in the teetering structure tolled a quarter to
seven in the evening. A tall figure stepped out from the shel- 4
ter of the massive front archway of the church and stiffly 4/
craned his neck upward to check the time. The scaffolding \\V
stretched up to the top of the steeple, however, and the cage
of beams and wood planks and canvas tarps obscured the {)
clock's face. Seeing this, the figure spat out a phrase that had
no place being said within shouting distance of a house of 4 |
worship, then sat down on the steps of the church to wait.

Cocvcceccccc ooo ODDO OCS

In the Shadowlands, Fix perched himself in the memory
of the steeple and watched the scene unfold through the heavy,
swirling mists of the Shroud. He had been observing the mor-
tal for almost a week, ever since a Monitor had Fettered him.
After crossing a few palms with oboli and making a few in-
quiries, Fix had learned of the agenda shared by the Monitor
in question and a Puppeteer of his acquaintance. He had origi-
nally been willing to watch and listen. Things had changed
in the past 48 hours, though. Now Fix had no choice but to
act.

Ghost Story: A Road of Stee! and Souls, Part. Vii 1


A young woman, in her mid-20s and a platinum blonde,
crossed Munroe Avenue and headed toward the church. She
saw the figure in the doorway, his eyes emitting a faint but
steady glow visible only to the Puppeteer inside her. Shaking
her head, she walked up the front steps and stopped in front
of him, annoyance evident in her posture.

"Nice choice," Seth remarked, his eyes flickering brighter
for an instant as he looked her over.

Yaeko looked around her at the wobbly building and iron
bones of the scaffolding. "I wish I could say the same. Could
you possibly pick a more obscure meeting place? A body like
the one I'm wearing is courting suicide just by being in a neigh-
borhood like this."

"It's out of the way and the Shroud is thin here," he re-
plied with a shrug. "Besides, hardly anyone comes to this part
of town. Even on the other side."

"Whatever," Yaeko said. "What about my proposal?"

"The higher-ups within my Guild were very receptive,"
Seth replied. "Especially after the last meeting of Guildmasters.
The debate over going into the Labyrinth has stalled. Half of
the Guilds want to go, half don't. It'll take weeks to get a
consensus. We can set your ideas in motion very easily."

"Good. It'd be best if we started with the Spooks," Yaeko
said. "With the state the Council is in, the Guildmasters will
be too busy trying to keep their own camps from breaking
apart. I say we go after them with everything we can. A full-
scale assault on Fetters of the major Bosses."

Seth nodded in agreement, inwardly smirking at the
thought of Vanderwal's expression when his Fetters went up
in smoke. The Spooks had always been a thorn in the Moni-
tors' side, nothing better than a bunch of punks who'd do
anything for a price. Their have-gun-will-travel attitude al-
ways brought a lot of unwanted attention to those who had
good reasons for crossing the Shroud. Now it was nearly im-
possible to get anything done in the Skinlands without med-
dling from the top . You always knew where the Spooks had
been: Everything was a shambles, and there'd be Legionnaires
crawling all over the place. The Monitor inner circle had ea-
gerly warmed to the idea of their role in Yaeko's proposal.
The Spooks would fall. After them, the Haunters. Proctors
next, then Puppeteers, and then one by one by one the rest of
the Guilds, until finally the Artificers were toppled from their
pedestal. Soon no one would be able to get through the Shroud
without coming to the Monitors.

Seth looked at Yaeko, his Puppeteer ally. Her Guild would
be one of the first to go. He felt bad for her. But not too bad.
She was doing it to herself, after all.

PDO IO D-O-0-O-0-0-O DODO O00-0-0

Fix watched the two mouthpieces talk and knew it was
time to move. The night before, he had reached through the
Shroud and gone to work on the scaffolding, loosening key
rivets all over the structure. It was nothing spectacular, just

enough to let him finish the job with a minimum of effort.
Bracing himself on the ledge of the steeple, Fix unhooked the
mace he carried with him from his belt. He looked down to
where the Consorts were standing. Timing was of the essence;
he had to do this before they moved. Targeting a specific joint
in the structure of pipes, Fix swung the weapon up over his
head and, with all his might, struck through the thin mem-
brane of the Shroud.

190-0-3-0-0-0-0-0-0- 0200 ODCO0O00

The ironwork of the scaffolding began to creak ever so
slightly as it struggled to hold on to the church's front wall.
Suddenly, the main braces around the steeple gave way and
the structure collapsed with shocking suddenness, its skeleton
accordioning straight down to the pavement. The force of
the collapse pulled several major chunks of the steeple and
front wall out of place, launching the masonry missiles all
over Munroe Avenue.

Yaeko saw what was happening, and immediately let go
of the pretty young Consort she was using. The poor woman
never knew what hit her. Seth saw what was happening also
—a fraction of a second too late. The man he had Fettered
was struck to the ground by a massive section of piping and
stone blocks. Even from where he was sitting, Fix could hear
bone crunching under the weight of the impact.

Unfortunately for Seth, it wasn't fatal.

POOP OOOO OPO

Fix smirked at the mangle of metal and stone that he had
wrought. He quickly leapt down from his perch and stood
over the crushed and broken body, smiling like a bastard. With
awhistle, he swung the spectral mace over his head and down
onto the inert body, crushing the skull beyond any recogni-
tion. Then, even as the Nihil opened up to claim what was
left of Seth's soul, the Spook stepped over to the front door of
the church and, touching the warped panels, burned the let-
ters F-I-X into the thick oak.

And then he left.

In the meMory of a room far removed from unwanted §
eyes, five figures sat around a table. Four of them watched the
fifth.

They waited.

The fifth spoke. All he said was, "Hit me."

The dealer flipped over a card from the deck. A jack of
diamonds lay grimacing up from the table. Its name was once
Graffanino. That is, its name had been Graffanino, until
Graffanino had gotten himself caught with his hand in the
till. So Graffanino's Boss, a Spook named Cormier, handed §
him over to a Circle of Artificers who owed Cormier a favor.
They worked for months dealing with everyone Cormier sent
them, 52 souls in all. Finally the forgers finished their project:
a complete deck of soul-hammered cards. Cormier presented
the deck to his Boss, who loved a good game of poker as much
as the next dead guy. And when your Boss sits on the Com-
mission, you treat him well. Cormier's Boss, Vanderwal, ac-
cepted the deck graciously, and then noticed something miss-
ing from it: the joker.

No one saw Cormier after that.

The player stared for a long minute at the card. A nine of
clubs and six of hearts fell from the player's hand on top of
the jack.

"Son of a bitch."

"You oughta stick to chess," quipped Cianfrocco, the
dealer. He and the other three tittered for a minute at the
joke.

Vanderwal rolled what was left of his eyes toward the
heavens, or at least toward where the heavens would be if
such a place existed in the Shadowlands, which it didn't. The
barb, in its own way, was not without respect for what

Vanderwal had gone through to be its target. Many years ago, 4

Vanderwal had gotten on Midian's bad side, and found him-
self forced into one of the Haunter's infamous chess games.
The word was that Midian had never lost a chess match, and
that the losers... well, Vanderwal was playing with 16 of them. §
It was not an enviable position to be in. Odds were over a
100-1 against Vanderwal's walking out of Midian's attic. And
yet, here he was.

Allensworth, seated at Vanderwal's left, snorted. "I still
can't believe you didn't end up as the queen's pawn. Midian

never loses a chess match. The Deathlords won't play him, 9)

not even ona lark."

"Old Ironmask didn't lose that one either," Vanderwal
said. "He just didn't win. We chased each other around the §
board for days. Ended up in a perpetual stalemate. He didn't
lose, but he didn't win, either. We agreed never to talk about
it to anyone else. Well, he agreed, at least." Vanderwal cracked
a quick smile at Allensworth. "Besides, what fun would it be
if I played the Grand Master Midian to a draw and couldn't
tell my poker buddies about it?"

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, Part Vii 9


Womack, seated at Vanderwal's right, spat vehemently,
"Hell, Midian's a pushover. He thinks he's invincible. Even I
could take him."

Cianfrocco broke in, "Don't be stupid, Womack. You say
that ‘cause you're sitting here. Hell, your poker playing's a
disgrace. As for chess, you think ‘check' is something you say
to a waiter." Womack sputtered, while the rest of the poker
players laughed. "Anyways, we got bigger things to deal with.
Like what happened at the last Guildmasters' meeting."

"Yes, what did occur?" asked Batiste, the last of the group.
"Has a consensus been reached? Will a journey to the Laby-
tinth be undertaken?" Batiste was one of the more genteel
Spook Bosses. He ran the Silver Maple Combination, which
controlled most of the Toronto Necropolis, and did so with
elegant brutality. Batiste had been a dapper gunrunner during
Prohibition, and endeavored to maintain the "look" well into
death: crisp dark suits, precise speech, a soulforged carnation
in his lapel. He thought he brought a touch of class to the
inner circle of Spooks. The rest of the inner circle thought he
looked like a twit.

Cianfrocco laughed. "Not bloody likely. They're all yell-
ing over what happened to Ember still. The Artificers want
the Masquers' heads on a platter, the Oracles are gabbing about
doom awaiting any expedition, and frankly if Master Chanteur

10 Guildbook: Spooks

pulls out his damn mandolin once more I'm gonna reach over
and feed it to him."

"Might improve his singing voice," said Vanderwal.

"Can it. That little stunt you pulled two weeks ago came
up. The Monitors are screaming for your head. Fer Charon's
sake, what were you thinking?"

Vanderwal straightened in his chair. "The Monitor
brought it on himself. I gave Fix complete discretion to act as
he saw fit. He did what he had to. Anyone here, if he were in
the same spot, would have done the same thing."

"That's beside the point," Cianfrocco replied. "Now we
gotta watch our backs from another direction. By Charon's
Oar, anyone but Fix... ah, screw it." There was a long silence
at the table.

"So nothing's been decided?" Womack asked.

"As far as the Guildmasters, no. As far as we're concerned,
however, things are different."

"You mean we're going into the Labyrinth," said
Allensworth.

"One of us is, yes," Cianfrocco said. "And I know just the
person for the job." Cianfrocco sat back and stared pensively
at the figure seated directly across from him.

"Don't you even think it, Cianfrocco. Midian gave me
that same half-stare when I was still trying to figure out how


tflany spaces up and oyer a knight moves." Vanderwal became
visibly agitated. "I am not going down there."

"Not you, stupid. Your number-one gun."

"Fix? He'll never go for that."

"He ain't got a choice. Neither do you. Send Fix — and
his Gang, too, come to think of it — down into the Laby-
tinth. They can bungee down a Nihil or walk straight into
the Veinous Stair if they want. I don't really care which. But
they're going. Fix thinks he's bulletproof anyway. Let him
prove it."

"What do you expect him to find?"

"Tt ain't what I expect him to find, it's who. And I don't
mean Charon. There're bound to be other Guilds who'll try
to go down there on their own. If there is anything down
there, we'll let them worry about finding it. All Fix has to do
is wait for whoever to resurface, and...." Cianfrocco trailed
off. They all knew what he meant.

"But what of Charon?" Batiste inquired. "How shall we
endeavor to locate him?"

"Charon's not in the Labyrinth. That's where the rest of
the Guilds are wrong. He's in the Skinlands. I talked to a
Mandelbrot who's got an ear with the bigwig Haunters. They're
all convinced that Charon didn't disappear with Gorool. They
think he stepped through the Shroud and was reincarnated.
Problem is, they can't find him." He laughed, and not pleas-
antly. "Course, that figures. They're looking in the wrong
place."

"What do you mean?"

"Look at it this way. Charon is supposed to have lost his
Fetters a long time ago, right? That's why he was cooped up in
his palace for the last couple centuries? Uh-uh. Charon wasn't
that much of a fool. There's no way he could have run Stygia,
even up ‘til Gorool appeared, from the Tower. And there's no
way he would have let the Deathlords get total control over
Stygia. You know what they're like. The Incompetent Seven."

"So what do you think happened?"

"T think Charon knew the Deathlords couldn't handle
ruling Stygia. So he made sure that their Fetters were destroyed
without their knowledge. He probably did it himself."

"That's crazy," Womack said. "How could he have done
that without any Fetters himself?"

"Oh, Charon could do it. Before he took care of the
Deathlords, he made sure that he had one Fetter left, that no
wraith or group of wraiths could destroy."

Allensworth asked, "What was it?"

Cianfrocco sat back. "You all should know. You step into
it practically every day."

The four Spooks looked around at each other and at
Cianfrocco, dumbfounded. And then the answer came to
them. Typically, it was Vanderwal who said it.

"The Skintands?"

"Bullseye."

"Bullshit. How in the name of the Lady of Fate is that
possible?"

"Tt's not that crazy. It explains a lot. It explains why the
Haunters can't find him, for one, because they're trying to
zero in on one particular Fetter of Charon. They don't realize §
that the whole damned thing is the Fetter. It also explains
how Charon could destroy the Deathlords' Fetters without
their knowledge. They were subsumed into his. Nobody fig-
ured it out, ‘cause nobody would ever think that the entire |S
Skinlands could become the Fetter of one person. Frankly, 1 ¥
gotta hand it to the old boatman. He really put it over on §
everyone."

"But why would he do that?" /

"I figure it's a big power play. Charon's on an extended \)
vacation to his Fetter while the Deathlords are losing cred- 0/%
ibility every day. Stygia's going down the flusher. It needs a
leader. It needs Charon more than ever. He knows this. He's 9
just biding his time until the situation gets to the breaking ¥
point, and then he'll step back through again. It'll be the Pax
Stygiae all over again. Charon's word as law. Nobody to give
him lip, because he'll be the one to save us from all the idiots
he left behind."

"So what do you propose we do about it?"

"Nothing, " Cianfrocco said. "We do nothing. It's busi-
ness as usual. Watch the other Guilds who can cross over into
the Skinlands. Add to the chaos. Get your people to help stir
things up as much as possible. Meanwhile, every time a Spook
crosses over, we let Charon, wherever the hell he is, know
that we know. Leave subtle hints at weak points in the Shroud.
Get his attention. Let him know he's not as clever as he thinks.
Then when he comes back, we'll ride in on his coattails."

"T like it," Womack said. "I like it a lot."

"Me too," Allensworth said.

"As do I," added Batiste.

Vanderwal looked at the four. "You're all fucked in what's J
left of your heads, you know that." He sighed laboriously.
Cianfrocco waited. ‘

"Oh, what the hell," Vanderwal said. "Count me in."


hy do I do what I do?

I've been asked that question
more times than I care to recall over
the past century or so.

IN And no matter how many times
I'm asked, I never get tired of an-
swering.

I've been asked that question by everyone I meet,
in every possible place I've gone. I can't get away from
it. It comes up in the back booths of every bar I go
into in every Necropolis I operate in. It comes up
tight after a firefight when the pain in my Corpus is
so severe that it doesn't subside for a week. And it
comes up when the Stygian magistrates pick me up
for a "routine inquiry" — and they always do — and
chain me in a basement interrogation room, with the
clank of the forge pounding through the walls.

I've even been asked that question by clients who
shouldn't care why I do what I do, as long as I do it.
You know the type — the little person, the nobody
who couldn't catch a break in life and catches fewer
in death. The type who sees her last Fetter about to
go the way of all things and hands her last obolus to
me to make sure the Spectres don't get her. And I
take her payment, whatever she offers that looks good
to me, and I shore up my body to reach through the

Shroud and do my business and save her hide, and
that's not enough for her. She wants to know why I do
this. A half-step away from Oblivion, and she starts
getting philosophical. Panic makes you do strange
things, I guess.

I give all of them the same response:

Because | can.

Because no one else will.

Because someone has to.

And because it won't let me stop doing it.

Talk to any Spook and he or she, to varying de-
grees, says the same thing. If all you see when you see
the Spooks is a bunch of headbreakers and trouble-
makers, then you really don't understand what the
Spooks are all about. We're not just muscle for hire
— although, rest assured, we do our fair share of
legbreaking. But there's more. There's always more.

The Spooks have existed, in one form or another,
since the earliest days of this capricious little plane of
existence. Be glad that we do. Because-sooner or later,
you're gonna need to come to us.

I never considered myself a violent person. Oh,
sure, I watched football games and went to
Schwarzenegger movies and read Mike Hammer nov-
els like any red-blooded American male. But that was
all detached violence, safely on the screen or between
the covers of a book. Reading I Am The Jury didn't
mean that I harbored a latent mean streak. Hell, lonly
got into three fights in my entire life, and those were
all playground shoving matches. I never even liked
the idea of fighting, at least not for the sake of prov-
ing how tough I was. That probably explains why I
got my clock cleaned all three times things got nasty.

I definitely didn't think I was capable of killing
someone.

But it happened, and the ironic part is that I had
to wait until I was dead before I was able to tap this
part of me. I know what you're going to say — my
Shadow got the better of me. Well, you're wrong. I
knew exactly what I was doing when it happened. I
knew exactly why I did it. And given a second chance,
Td do it again in a heartbeat.

It was over a woman. Her name was Constance.
She was from down south, Georgia or one of the Caro-
linas — I never could remember which. We both
worked at the same magazine; I was a correspondent
and she was a photographer. I was a 30-year-old dy-

14 Guildbook: Spooks

namo-wannabe, a year or two out of journalism school
and scrambling to pay off my student loans. Constance
was only 26, but she had a couple of awards under her
belt and a sixth sense for the perfect shot. *

We were together a lot, on and off the job, and I
savored every minute of it. Connie was brilliant and
beautiful, and she had a sense of humor that was just
twisted enough for my tastes. I can still remember the
night when, after a particularly pleasurable episode of
lovemaking, I looked deep into her eyes and asked
her to marry me. And I can still remember the dance
my soul did when she said she would.

We never did get married. I went on extended as-
signment overseas, covering a civil war in some Afri-
can country you've probably never heard of. There I
stepped on a tripwire and got cut to pieces by a home-
made fragmentation bomb placed in the shadows of
some nondescript alley in some forgettable village in
the middle of goddamned nowhere.

It took years for me to make it back, dead, to New
York, or to the dirty, cold, weather-beaten monstros-
ity that pretends to be New York in this world. And
all I had to get myself there was Constance. I could
feel her presence coursing through me. I could see in
my mind's eye her blonde curls and green eyes, and
hear her laugh. She was the only thing that kept me
going in this nightmare of a world.

©

pat

Gre
+=

Connie was still there. She had gotten quieter in
life, but I half-expected that. I suppose in a way it was
nice to see some evidence that yes, she did miss me,
but that wasn't the reason I clawed my way back. It
was everything for me to see her again, however
Shroud-clouded my view was. It sounds strange, but I
felt stronger when I saw her, more solid — more alive,
if you will. Wherever and whenever I traveled through
the Shadowlands, I could feel her with me. I didn't
know the term "Fetter" at first, but I knew that was
what she was to me: my Fetter, my lifeline, my con-
nection to hope.

And I could feel my lifeline breaking.

Connie had started going out with someone, a
hockey player. Things turned bad fast in the relation-
ship. He would have a bad game and to work out his
frustration he'd hit her. She'd go into work on the
cloudiest days of the year wearing these huge sunglasses
to hide the black eyes. The vitality seeped out of her
with each passing day. She would stay late at work,
pushing herself harder and harder just so she didn't
have to go home to that abusive roach.

I saw her crying herself sick in the empty office
more than once. Every single ounce of my being was
hurting along with her. I could feel a part of me slip
away into nothing every time she was hit, every time
she wept, every time she suffered.

That's what happens when you start to lose a Fet-
ter. If it's a thing or a place, it hits you like a shotgun §
blast. But if it's a person, the agony is endless. You ?
feel yourself dying all over again, slowly being eaten }
away as the pain of your Fetter is magnified a few dozen
times for you. You will literally do anything to reverse
the process. You will lie. You will cheat. You will steal. )
And you will kill.

stairs. A sabotaged brake line. A fire. But the ideal
situation never presented itself. And in the end, I 5
didn't plan anything. I just did it. ;
The bastard actually came to her office one night, ¥ |
drunk and loud and utterly repulsive. He had been
traded that afternoon to a team on the West Coast,
and Constance was going to go with him. Not asked
to go, mind you — she was going, and that was that.
She said she'd be damned if she went anywhere with oy
him. I almost cheered. The old Constance, the 4
Constance who didn't take shit from anyone, had re- 9 }
surfaced. Seeing her, the real her, again made me re- y
alize I missed her. .
And how much I hated him, for trying to beat the | 7
best parts of Connie into submission. ,
He was furious. I watched him yelling and sweep-
ing things off her desk, while she just sat there and ):

waited for him to run out of things to throw. It was
almost comical. He threw the desk calendar. He threw
the phone. He even threw the electric pencil sharp-
ener and nearly had it land on his foot because he'd
forgotten that it was plugged in.

Then he got to my picture. Connie had kept a
photo of me on her desk all this time. I'll never forget
the look on his face when he picked up the frame and
saw my face staring back at him. He dropped the frame.

And hit her, hard, knocking her over a drafting
table and spilling proofs and drafting utensils all over
the floor. I looked into his eyes, and all I could see
was a cold mist of rage and power and violence. I felt
alarm bells going off in my head. They became shriller
when I saw him pick up a pair of cropping shears and
advance on her.

1 flung myself through the Shroud and at his fig-
ure. The force of my impact knocked him to the floor.
The shears flew out of his hand and across the room.
He turned to see what the hell had happened, then
got his head snapped back by an invisible boot as I
kicked his face. It felt good to see the blood flow. But
it wasn't enough. I reached down and pulled him to
his feet, and then higher, my insubstantial frame hold-
ing a six-three, 245-pound professional athlete a foot
off the ground through an unholy mixture of fear and
love and desperation and revenge.

He kicked and screamed, and to shut him up I
slammed him into the wall. The white noise in my
head deafened me as I slammed him into it again and
again, driving his silhouette into the plaster. He lunged
out at what he thought was me, swinging left-right-
left at the air. I let the punches pass through me for a
few seconds. And then I hit him. His head snapped
back and he fell into the wall again, then slid down to
the floor. Still, it wasn't enough. I reached to the floor
and picked up the shears. I had never picked up some-
thing in the Skinlands before, and it was like trying
to hold on to an electric eel. My hand was bitten by a
flurry of shocks, and the scissors kept wanting to fall
to the carpet.

But I finally got hold of them. I stood over his
body and grabbed the shears with both hands and
broke them into pieces where he could see. I wanted
him to know what was about to happen to him. I
wanted him to be afraid.

Then I grabbed his neck and squeezed. I could feel
the muscles in his neck bulge in reflex action. It was
like trying to throttle an oak tree. He was coughing
and choking and clawing at an assailant he could not
see, but his hands passed through me and I barely no-
ticed. I kept squeezing, digging into his muscles, into
his jugular and carotid, digging until I could reach his


spine and snap it with every iota of strength I had.
Then, blackness.

When I came to, the Shroud had come up like a
wall. Constance was standing over the spot where her
permanently ex-boyfriend had struggled and thrashed
against my strangling him. His body had vanished —
I guess I'd taken care of that during the moments I
couldn't remember. She stood there and stared, wide-
eyed, at nothing. I watched her for as long as I could,
until she went back and picked my picture up from
the floor. She dusted the frame off, and kissed the glass,
and put it back on the corner of her desk. She left the
office, exhausted and shaking, but free. And alive.

I spent a long time after that trying to regain con-
trol over myself. My Shadow wouldn't shut up. He kept

talking to me about Connie, trying to convince me to
bring her into the Shadowlands. He kept whispering
about the Dictum Mortuum and the danger I had got- 8
ten myself into, and how much easier it would be if I
made her a wraith like me. The thoughts my Shadow if
put inside my head were brutal and seductive at the
same time. I physically ached for her, but condemn-
ing Constance to this sort of existence sickened me.
Frankly, I didn't want her to die, not even for the sake
of riding death's whirlwind with me. As long as
Constance was alive, she would always be a part of
me, my bellwether in the turbulence. 4
I needed her to live, but more importantly, I Gf
wanted her to live. She was all I had. )


t was sort of fitting that I joined up with
| the Spooks.

After what I had done, there weren't
a lot of places I could go. It wasn't as if
people were falling over themselves to
associate with me or hide me from the
authorities. 1 had committed a serious
crime in the eyes of the Hierarchy; I had broken the Dictum
Mortuum, the law laid down by Charon that expressly pro-
hibits any and all contact with the Land of the Quick.

Big effing deal, you say. And I agree. Everybody does it.
Even if it's just to stand on the shores of your favorite beach,
or walk through the house you grew up in one more time,
people find a way to get across when the Legions aren't look-
ing. But I did a lot worse than that. I reached through the
Shroud and killed a man. It was a man who deserved to die,
but I nevertheless did the deed, and did it with such violence
and force that his soul plummeted straight into Oblivion. And

As material fortune is associated with the properties of the body, so honor belongs to those of the soul.
— Ptolemy

T hope it stuck in the gullet of a Malfean and made the bas-
tard choke.

I didn't just break the Dictum Mortuum. I shot it to pieces.

I wasn't on the run long before the Spooks found me. It §
seems one of their number had been impressed by my actions,
by what he called the "righteous anger" that I had exhibited
in taking another person's life. He sympathized with me, with §
what I had gone through and what had driven me to commit
the fatal act. He said he belonged to a group of wraiths a lot
like myself, wraiths who had, at one point or another, found §
themselves and those people and things they loved in mortal
danger. He offered me sanctuary from the Hierarchy. He of-
fered me support in safeguarding my Fetters. And he offered
me the chance to make something relatively decent out of
my time in this limbo, the chance to help my fellow wraiths
who couldn't help themselves, who had nowhere else to turn.

It was an offer I couldn't refuse.

Chapter One: Those Honor Bound

The best way I can think of to begin to explain who the
Spooks are and what the Guild is all about is to compare it to
a beam of white light as it hits a prism and separates into the
spectrum of colors. What most wraiths see (or, more likely,
what they want to see) is the in-your-face nature of the Guild:
lashing out across the Shroud, knocking on the undersides of
seance tables, driving people out of old houses — hackneyed
stuff like that.

Or they see what we do in the back alleys of Necropoli
and side roads of the Shadowlands: starting riots and fires,
tangling with Legionnaires, hijacking freshly Reaped caravans
of souls bound for Stygia and the Deathlords' coffers. One big
uncontrolled (and uncontrollable) mega-gang — Death's
Teamsters.

I won't argue with either interpretation. They're both
tight, in their own way. But they're both only one side of the
spectrum. What I'm talking about is the other side, the more
colorful side of the Spooks, so to speak. Just as the various
bands of color combine to form the single color of white light,
so do the various methods and purposes of our individual and
collective members combine to form the Guild. And just as
each individual band of color is an indispensable component
of the spectrum, so too is each facet of the Spooks an invalu-
able part of the greater Guild machine.

qhe Loyal Order

The Spooks are the most diverse Guild of the lot, at least
as far as membership goes. The rank and file includes loners,
fallen Heretics, disillusioned Renegades and discharged Le-
gionnaires; even the higher levels of the Guild boast the odd
Anacreon or Overlord who's been booted out of his or her
post. Unlike stuffier Guilds such as the Artificers, we don't
really care if you've been working for the Hierarchy or chant-
ing on about Transcendence or playing freedom fighter. After
all, everyone goes through their stupid and naive phases, even
in death.

What we do care about is how seriously you take this
plane of existence. The survival of a wraith in the
Shadowlands depends on facing up to a whole metric shitload
of hard facts: the delicate cat-and-mouse games of your
Shadow, the constant dangers of the Tempest and the Spec-
tres and other beasts lurking in it, the unquenchable thirst of
Oblivion for your soul — and the fact that the Hierarchy has
no fucking clue how to handle any of it. We're all on our own
trying to escape this place, and we can't count on the
Deathlords. Stalin once said that one death is a tragedy, but a
million deaths is a statistic. And frankly, that's all we are to
the Deathlords. One big column of statistics.

Guildbook: Spooks

>

Only when you truly grasp this fact do you have what it
takes to become a Spook. It etches itself deep into your brain;
it becomes the guiding principle for all of your actions as a
Guild member. It gives you the willpower to travel the Tem-
pest for days or weeks at a time to pierce the Shroud in a
place you never heard of when you were alive, just to save a
client's last hold on the Skinlands. It gives you the determi-
nation to keep working at a site of great mortal sadness and
death and sacrifice, just to ensure that someone will remem-
ber what happened there. It also gives you the mindset to
smash someone's face in for trying to blow the whistle to the
Legions.

Zealotry isn't what we're looking for. You can't reason
with, control, threaten or give orders to zealots. What the
Spooks want in a recruit is her comprehension of the totality
of this half-world, of the essential psychological needs of all
wraiths. When a recruit understands how much she needs the
mutual assistance of individual wraiths, and not the Hierar-
chy or the Legions, loyalty to the Guild naturally follows. Of
course, the Spooks aren't made up exclusively of former
wiseguys or Semper Fi freaks, although representatives of both
categories exist within the Guild. I was neither in life. But 1
had what it takes to become a Spook. I loved. I cared. I had
made promises in life that were in danger of never being ful-
filled. I had a right to keep those promises. All wraiths have
those rights — the right to resolve their Fetters and Passions,
the right to fight to keep Oblivion from swallowing them,
the right to matter beyond what Quick existence offered. But
not every wraith can do it on her own. That's where we come
in.

<a

The Spooks provide the type of goods and services that
your ordinary wraith simply can't get anywhere else, because
it's illegal, or too dangerous to do herself, or so important that
she's afraid she'll screw it up. That's how the Guild commands
the degree of loyalty and dedication it does from its members
and clients, past and present. It's not about threats and
kneecappings and dropping some stool pigeon into the near-
est Nihil. It's about protecting a wraith's respect, allowing her
memory to live on after her — ‘cause let's face it, memory's
the only thing a lot of us have left. It's about throwing a life
preserver to a wraith who's flailing and splashing, trying to
keep her head above the waves of Oblivion.

Don't get me wrong, though — we're not the Boy Scouts.
We do a lot of ugly things, too. Everyone in the Guild's got
one or two Obliviate notches on her belt. But that comes
with the territory sometimes. Talking about Right and Wrong
in capital letters and about how good you feel after you do a
job really doesn't make a difference in this place. There's a
war going on in the Shadowlands that the Hierarchy doesn't
want to admit it's even fighting, a war for the future of both
Quick and Dead alike. My fellow Spooks and I are the loyal
soldiers in this war. And we're combating Oblivion with the
only means we know how: raw, brutal, primal force.

Cause...

My business is with souls and what goes on in them.

— Dashiell Hammett, The Dain Curse

The older Guild members refer to what we do as The
Cause — and do so in that tone of voice where the capital T
and C land right in the pit of your gut and sit there. The
Cause represents the singular nature of the Spooks' Guild. It's
what sets the Spooks apart from both the Haunters, where we
got our start and from the other Guilds who cross the Shroud.
You know, the Puppeteers and the Proctors.

The Cause deals with the relationship between Life and
Death, with the connections that each wraith keeps with the
people, places and things he loved in the land of the Quick.
The Cause is based on a single, simple premise: In order to
function in the Shadowlands, in order to have any hope of
achieving Transcendence, every wraith needs certain things
that keep him viable, so to speak. Fetters, Haunts, the memo-
ties of the living — these are all examples of the energies that
enable a wraith to move closer to Transcendence — or at
least further from Oblivion.

The problem is, life, and Life, goes on. Fetters get lost or
destroyed. Places of great emotion and sorrow, like battlefields
orancient burial grounds, crumble and fade away or get plowed
over to put up highway off-ramps or one-stop oil change fran-
chises. People forget, or never know, what happened in the
old mansion up on the hill, whether the family it housed was
big and loving or small and dysfunctional. And that's just on
the individual level. Governments and peoples are notori-
ously eager to forget what happened. They edit the accounts
so that the real story of how continents were colonized or
millions of innocents were slaughtered in wars and pogroms
vanishes into the mists of history.

And every time that happens, every time a Fetter is de-
stroyed or a resting place gets plowed over, another wraith
loses one more avenue to Transcendence. Every time a civili-
zation forgets or ignores the blood spilled and bones broken
by those who perished to make their corner of the world bet-
ter, Oblivion grows more potent, seeping into the chasm of
memory that such sociocultural self-absorption creates. And
all too often, those wraiths who see their Fetters and Haunts
being fed to the mangler of time can do nothing but watch
and wait for a Harrowing.

I know. I felt the fear and the rage myself, boiling over
inside me with no avenue to release the pressure. I've met a
lot of others who feel that same pressure welling up within
themselves. A lot of them find some way to release it, how-
ever messy the manifestations of this might be, but just as
many don't know how to deal with their inner demons.
They're law-abiding types who never pushed the envelope in
life and can't seem to bring themselves to do it in death. They
try to maintain whatever passes for normalcy in this world as

the parasites chew away at their Corpora daily, and one. day
they succumb to Harrowings, or become Spectres, or just plain
walk into a Nihil.

But we act. We push ourselves into the Skinlands and
work to save the few things that wraiths can still call their
own. We protect their Fetters. We protect their memory. And
by doing so, we protect their hope.

That is The Cause.

Spook Spectrums: The lifeliners

The Lifeliners were the first Spooks to articu-

late The Cause for the Guild, which allowed them
to stage a coup within the Haunters' Guild and break
out on their own. Needless to say, Lifeliners com-
mand a lot of clout within the Guild because of this
simple fact — so much so that one word from a
Lifeliner Boss can redirect the entire course of Guild

policy.

Lifeliners are the Spooks whom most individual
wraiths come to when they need help. These guys
protect wraiths' Fetters, be they inanimate objects
or living people. Such protection runs the gamut
from such arcane endeavors as ensuring that an
ancient Fetter gets unearthed and put ina safe place
(like a museum), to smashing through the Shroud
and stopping an assailant from killing the person
who represents a wraith's last Fetter.

Lifeliners adhere to a strict code of conduct
within their own Locals and Combinations. They
rarely enlist the help of other Spooks outside their
own spheres, partly because of the Lifeliners' re
luctance to bring in inexperienced help, and partly
to keep their own groups free of any possible taint
from other, less-than-honorable divisions of the
Guild. In addition, the austere existence and depth
of focus on The Cause that the Lifeliners espouse
gives a Lifeliner a better handle on her Shadow than
any other Spook is likely to have; at least, that's
what they say. Many other Spooks feel that the
Lifeliners, despite being a crucial part of the Guild
and the larger population of Restless, are driftir
away from the larger scope of Guild interests. A lot
of Spooks fear that the Lifeliners may one day turn
disgusted at the direction of the Guild and sell out

any Spook who isn't one of their kind.

Chapter One: Those Honor Bound

~O-o-- SS

ff ct Ofcourse, we also help wraiths to help themselves. Some-
e $ times your average wraith needs a quick shot of Pathos i

; ss : order to keep going or to fuel some of his own Arcanoi. We
We're not animals. What can I tell you? We have our meth- Pe

ods and we ateract clients. We must be doing something right. Sar Provide that. Maybe someone loved a particular object in
; life and would like it for a useful relic. No problem, just get an
— Robert B. Parker, Promised Land

Artificer who owes you a favor, and presto. A local Hierarchy
The war against Oblivion is fought on many fields, with Marshal's been leaning on a Circle unfairly. We've got con-
many weapons and in many ways. And everywhere you go, 5
you'll find Spooks in the middle of the fray, in many different
guises, performing whatever tasks are necessary for our cli-
ents. There are literally hundreds of Spook groups working in
every major Necropolis and along every major Byway. You
can find us patrolling Haunts and weak points all along the
Shroud, ensuring that the wraiths who use them for gather-
ing spots remain unmolested by others. You can find us reach-
ing through the Shroud to meddle with the march of mod-
ernization, driving new tenants out of old homes and making
redevelopment efforts a nightmare for the construction crews.
You know how it goes in the movies, right? Someone comes
along and builds an office on the site of an ancient burial
ground, and as soon as the joint opens up for business the
tenants have more plumbing problems than they know what
to do with? That's one of the Guild's specialties.

nections who can encourage him to step back.

Spooks come in all shapes and s loaded a state-
mentas I've ever made. No matter what a wraith needs, there's
some of our number who can get it for you, and very reason-
ably. We only need to be asked.

Spook Spectrums: The Mementomorians

Groups of Mementomorians concentrate their efforts around sites of death and its remembrance. They are
particularly active in and around national cemeteries, famous battlefield sites and national and international
memorials where the Quick come to grieve, to learn and to find some semblance of closure. In addition,
Mementomorians also watch for key times when such outpourings of Quick emotion are at their highest, such
as Memorial Day, Good Friday, Yom ha Shoah and other such dates.

Mementomorians collect the mass emotions of the visiting Quick at such sites and during such times
sadness, honor, thanksgiving, introspection, love — and distill them into liquid Pathos, which then gets bottled

and shipped. The Spooks provide this Pathos to any wraith or Circle of wraiths who can pay their price for such

vital fuel in channeling their Arcanoi or running the machinery of the Shadowlands. Since the process of

collecting this Pathos sometimes involves "encouraging" this sort of outpouring of emotion, and thus breaks the
Dictum Mortum, the Mementomorians are essentially engaged in an illegal practice, a form of "Pathos-run-
ning" in the Shadowlands.

In many respects, the Mementomorians are a throwback to the glory days of Prohibition rumrunners. And
just as the police found themselves frustrated with the illegal liquor trade, Stygian authorities have had little
success in fouling up the Mementomorians' networks of collection and distribution. Since the emotions of the
Quick are not confined strictly to places like the memorials of atrocities or events like Veterans' Day, there are
no real places for the Hierarchy to center their investigations. Since every wraith needs Pathos to function,
there is little success in obtaining information from the general populace. (Plus, with the Mnemoi outlawed and
systematically eliminated, there's a decided shortage of trained inquisitors.)

Despite the relative powerlessness of the authorities, the Mementomorians' activities are not without risks.
Collecting and distilling Pathos into mass ingestible form requires the use of a special Pathos Flask. The
Mementomorians maintain that the only Pathos they collect is from "pure" sites, thereby ensuring that the
Flasks are filled only with "good" Pathos. Whether this is true is still up in the air, especially since the market
for the Mementomorians' goods has increased dramatically. This has given rise to rumors that some corner-

cutting Mementomorians have been peddling "inferior" Pathos, or even Flasks of Liquid Hate.


One Big Happy Fantly
Guild Structure

A man who doesn't spend time with his family is not a real
man.

— Mario Puzo, The Godfather

The Guild's structure is sort of like a cross between a large
labor union and organized crime cartel. Same difference, if
you ask me. But it works. Everyone knows exactly where he
fits in the system, whom he's responsible to, and what hap-
pens if he screws up. Most outsiders can't believe that the
Guild's organized at all. Turf wars in the streets between rival
gangs of Spooks seem to happen as often as skirmishes with
Hierarchy troops. Most people are shocked that the Spooks'
Guild can even stay together, let alone get anything accom-
plished. But screw them. They only see the outside, the rough
edges. Inside, the machinery runs smoothly.

There is structure and organization to the Guild, believe
me. What throws most people (and Hierarchy investigators)

off is the apparent lack of communication among the differ-
ent strata of Spooks. All the policy decisions come from the
top, make no mistake about that, but all information is trans-
mitted one-on-one from one level of the Guild to the next.
Spooks don't hold large conferences. The heads of Locals don't
get together for summits or truces or even to compare notes
with each other. The higher-ups don't want anyone eaves-
dropping in on what they say or what they're told. That way,
it's impossible to follow the course of information throughout
the Guild if you're on the outside. The muckety-mucks say
it's to keep the lines of communication fluid. I say it's to cre-
ate an atmosphere of plausible deniability. Either way, it keeps
prying eyes out.

Defender

The ground floor of the Guild consists of Spooks called
Defenders, from the pledge we all take to defend the connec-
tions to the Skinlands of any and all wraiths who need our
help. They're the grunts of the Guild, the hired muscle, the
shakedown people. Defenders are grouped into squads of 10
each, led by a captain known as an Armadar, a sort of Spook
tutor. Defenders mostly do group work — starting riots, per-
petrating mass Outrages across the Shroud, things like that.

Chapter One: Those Honor Bound B


casionally, if you're a particularly promising Defender, Defender squads are very tight-knit affairs from day one.
you'll get solo work from your Armadar. Usually the assign- When someone becomes a Defender, he gets the responsibil-
ment involves a single client who needs some help with her _ ity of guarding the Fetter of another member of his squad. He

Fetters, but on rare occasions a Defender will be given an makes a solemn promise to guard that Fetter to the very end,

order to Obliviate another wraith. Landing this sort of solo and if that means sacrificing himself to Oblivion, so be it. It's
work depends on your individual ability and affinity with never come to that, as far as I know, but that's not the point.
Outrage — and a bit of sucking up doesn't hurt. It's a big deal The point is that a Defender looks out for his mates, when-
when your Armadar singles you out for an individual assign- ever and wherever. God help you if you screw up this assign-
ment. Handling assignments like that stylishly is how you ment, because no one else will. I've seen Defenders who
prove yourself competent enough to advance up the Guild screwed the pooch on a comrade's Fetter get handed over to
ladder. If you're good — and your Armadar can tell if you are the nearest Legion, wind up as table lamps, or just get dumped

— you've got it made. down some remote Nihil.

Spook Spectrums: The Shroudbreakers

The Shroudbreakers have had a long history within the Guild. During the War of the Guilds, the Spooks
who would later become Shroudbreakers worked closely with Haunters and other Guilds to "sanitize" certain
houses and other sites in the Skinlands, either to facilitate the creation or destruction of Haunts, or to thicken
or weaken the Shroud as it served their overall purpose. In addition to these duties, Shroudbreakers also

worked closely with Artificers in creating relics, a practice that still thrives in modern times.

Nowadays, the Shroudbreakers serve as sentinels for the Guild and its clients. They still participate in

sanitation and relic creation (there are always markets for either talent), but in recent centuries Shroudbreakers
have had to contend with a new threat, namely groups of Quick who take it upon themselves to become ghost
hunters.

Quick interaction with the Shadowlands has peaked and valleyed alternately for thousands of years,
spawning countless societies, organizations, cults, bands of researchers, curiosity seekers, death-wish types —
and predators. Although many of these so-called "ghostbusters" throughout the centuries have been nothing
but charlatans, there exist some truly ominous organizations that, for whatever reason, have pledged them-
selves to spectral eradication. The Sons of Tertullian and their subgroup, the Sect of St. James, are the largest
groups of this kind.

Shroudbreaker Spooks act as commando units and first-strike teams against these Quick enemies. Meth-
ods vary depending upon the group targeted. In dealing with the Sect of St. James, Shroudbreakers monitor
the actions and preparations of "crosses" of Sectarians, trying to determine when and where these bands of
mortals plan to make their entry into the Shadowlands. More than one "cross" of St. James loonies has made
the leap across the Shroud only to find a very large group of very angry Shroudbreaker Spooks lying in wait for

them. What happens next is rarely a pretty sight.

The Sectarians, however, are relative pushovers. The Sons of Tertullian remain far and away the most
vicious of the sects with anti-wraith agendas. Dedicated to the destruction of wraiths through their own
litanies of tortuous exorcisms, Sons tend to target social groups who seem to have traffic with wraiths, namely
psychics, Gypsies and the like. Few victims of the Sons survive "exorcism," which often ventures into some of
the most violating procedures on the body and mind. The Sons' targeting of innocents would be enough cause
for the Shroudbreakers to act, but these mortals have also gone after living Fetters of wraiths when they could
sense a connection. At moments like this, Shroudbreakers operate across the Shroud, to bloody and great
effect.

Shroudbreakers are well-aware of the Sons' abilities to see into the Shadowlands. They are also aware of
the Sons' ability to have some effect on the weaker class of wraith. Most Shroudbreakers, howe are
definitely not your weaker class of wraith.


Armadar

The title "Armadar" comes from an old Latin phrase, arma The ¢
dare, which means to knight someone. The Guild uses it to Spooks, wraiths of the modern industrial era. Most
refer to a "made" Spook, a Defender who exhibits just the "Gray Gangst
right mixture of efficiency and ruthlessness to get promoted
to the next level.

ay Gangs consist mainly of the "younger"

s" filled the rolls of labor unions and
other such groups, as organizers, legmen and even
strikebreake: it is not uncommon for a single Gray
Don't misunderstand me, though — it's not about chalk- Local to harbor fellow Spooks who were on opposite
ing up an arbitrary number of kills, like it is with some Mafia sides of the picket line in life.
families or street gangs in the Skinlands. Yeah, every one of
us Armadars have Obliviated at least one soul or destroyed
someone's last Fetter, but we've all saved far more wraiths than
we've been forced to destroy. Becoming an Armadar is all about Reaper caravans bound for the Onyx Tower comprise
understanding and practicing The Cause every time you do a most of the Gray C
job. Fear and terror isn't the point. Doing the job is.

The Gray Gangs are responsible for most of the
smash-and-stab work of the Spooks within Necropoli.

Riots, arson, destruction of property and hijacking of

' work. Gray Locals provide

muscle for any who hire their services, and they take

It's an uphill battle to get promoted to Armadar, but once clients from inside and outside the Hierarchy with equal

you get there the view's great. Armadars can take on their ease. ( Jangsters often attach themselves to other
own personal clients without previous Guild approval, as op- Spook groups, providing added muscle for

posed to Defenders who have to wait to get solo assignments. Mementomorian distributors or reinforcements for
Each Armadar also heads a squad of Defenders, and pretty Shroudbreaker shock troops.
much runs them like her own private army.

Gray Gangsters often function as the "ward bosses"

PCCM within Necropoli. Even in the cities of death, ethnic
Each Armadar has "turf," a section in a Necropolis or other neighborhoods of Circles abound, places where wraiths
area in the Shadowlands that she's expected to control and don't go to the police (or in this case, the Legions) be
maintain, by keeping gangs of Renegades and Heretics, cause the authorities couldn't be trusted in Life. Dis.
overcurious Legionnaires and other unwanted presences out. [a CGEET Nitto COnMER ent teecnant een) Gat

In addition, Armadars are entrusted with the education of tions of wraiths get settled in the same fashion as they
the members of their Defender squads in the subtle (and not were in breathing days, by the local politicians or mob.
so subtle) natures of Outrage. The Guild considers this edu- sters, the ones who came from these neighborhoods,
cation of a Defender a significant part of being an Armadar. who knew how the system worked and how to get

Any failure of a Defender on a job ultimately reflects on his around it. That's where the Gray Gangs come in. In
Armadar teacher, and in severe cases it leads to official sanc- their semi-official capacities, Gray Gangsters exert a
tions or ostracism by the Guild. good deal of influence within their local Necropoli, and

know what buttons to push and whose palms to grease

above breaking a few heads to get their way — but then
A Spook gang is called a Local, and a Controller is the

head of a Local. Controllers are older, established Armadars,

Spooks who've been around for centuries and managed to

broaden their own sections of turf all around the Stygian

Empire. Every Necropolis plays host to at least one, if not Boss

several Locals within its walls, and the Controllers coordi-

nate the activities of their respective Locals, arbitrate disputes A Boss is the head of a Combination, a larger network of

and turf wars between Armadars and act as the (un)official Locals. He or she is elected to the position by the Controllers h¥

Spook representatives within the Necropolis. of all Locals under the jurisdiction of a single Combination, /

Controllers, however, aren't confined just to Necropoli. and acts as a regional leader and representative to the other

In the outlying areas of the Shadowlands, roving Controllers, Combinations and the Guild's governing body, the Commis-

usually masquerading as Legionnaires, check in frequently with _sion of Five.

floating Armadars and their squads to make sure everything Bosses have a lot on their plates. They implement the

runs smoothly in the less traveled regions. decisions of the Commission, and make sure that orders filter
down to the lower ranks quickly and correctly. They also strike
deals between their own and other Combinations, and be-
tween their own people and other Guilds, to do things like

in, who in the Spooks' Guild isn't?

Chapter One: Those Honor Bound

share resources and muscle — sort of like a Spook exchange
program, if you will. And your Boss has the final say in anything
you do or any request you ask. If a situation arises where you
need help from another Guild, or have to destroy someone's last
Fetter, your request goes to your Boss, who either accepts or re-
jects it. And the Boss' word is final with a capital F There's no
appeals, no going behind his or her back. Just suck it up, and
find another way to get the job done.

Right now, the Guild network consists of 99 Combinations,
so there are 99 Bosses. In addition, five of the 99 Bosses sit on
the Commission of Five, making policy for the Guild as well as
running their own Combinations. A few of the younger and
lower-ranking Spooks think that's sort of a conflict of interest.
They don't think it too loudly, though. Your Boss has more power
than God, Rockefeller and a 20-megaton bomb rolled into one.
He or she is your parent, your confessor, your best friend and
your worst enemy, and sometimes all of those things at once.

qhe Commission of Five

At the apex of the Guild sits the Commission of Five, usu-
ally just called the Commission, or sometimes "C5." C5 is made
up of five Commissioners, the most powerful and trusted Bosses
in the Guild as elected by the entire population of Bosses them-
selves. All major policies and activities of the Guild originate
with the Commissioners. C5 also mediates disputes between
Combinations, as well as acting as the judicial arm of the Guild.
One Commissioner acts as the "Guildmaster" delegate of the
Spooks at all Conclaves. Niccolo Cianfrocco, the head of the
Chicago Combination, is the current "Guildmaster" of the
Spooks, and tends to be the de facto leader of the Commission
by virtue of the information he gets as Guildmaster delegate
(not to mention sheer bloody-mindedness).

The Commission started out with four members originally,
until the newer generations of Spooks began to make their mark
on the Shadowlands. Defenders and Armadars who had been
mobsters in life simply picked up where they had left off in the
classic pursuits: intimidation, extortion, racketeering and
Obliviating. With bands of these modern-day Spooks getting
back at old enemies and making new ones, the higher-ups had
to do something to control these punks. The Bosses decided
that, instead of a mass purge of these "Gray Gangsters," as they
were known, a fifth Commissioner would be added to represent
this younger generation of Spooks. So, C4 became C5.

I won't pretend that's the end of the troubles. The Com-
mission still runs the show with an iron fist, but the tension
between Cianfrocco and the fifth Commissioner, Artemus
Vanderwal, isn't a secret within the Guild. A lot of Bosses, old
and young guard alike, think that the current Commissioners
have outlived their usefulness, and that the Guild needs new
blood. But just as many Bosses like things the way they are, and
don't see a reason to clean house upstairs.


Nobody admits to consorting with the Spooks. We're a
Guild, which makes us illegal. We specialize in transgress-
ing the Dictum Mortuum, also illegal. And as far as what
we're into in the Shadowlands — rioting, extortion, hi-
jacking, trafficking in illegal relics and Pathos, the occa-
sional Obliviate — well, as the old saying goes, with friends
like these...

But we've got our friends and enemies, in high places
and low, tucked away in the bowels of the Hierarchy bu-
teaucracy or playing lookout on the Byways of the Tem-
pest. Forget what people say in public about us. This isn't a
black-and-white world. It's one big gray wash, and it's in
that grayness that the Spooks live and thrive. What a Le-
gionnaire sees as the breach of the Dictum Mortuum, a cli-
ent sees as her last Fetter's salvation. What some Anacreon
laments as an underground economy of Mementomorian
Pathos, our customers see as an easy way to get the energy
they need to operate. The same thing is perceived in mul-
tiple ways by multiple people. And from that multiplicity,
we know who our friends are, as well as our enemies.

Spook Spectrums: The Harrowsmiths

The Harrowsmiths are a breed ap:

from most wraiths. The Guild doesn't like to talk about them, or even dwell for too long on the fact that they
exist. Mention the Harrowsmiths to a wraith, and you'll see him back away in fear, twice as fast if he's on their

Every Spook has destroyed a wraith's Fetters or Obliviated a soul. It comes with the territory. The

Harrowsmiths, howevy

are convinced that The Cause is so sacred for the futu

Guild capable of fulfilling its premise, that any opposition to the activities of the Guild emanates directly from

Oblivion and must be destroyed. T

And they go about this making this prophetic vision manifest through everything from instant Obliviation

to slow tortur

hallucination, stage a faux Harrowing, beating psychologically at their victim until he

conspirators against the Guild, or co
into Oblivion. The Harrowsmiths r

honest.

The Harrowsmiths are masters of pain, the closest things to Spectres a wraith ever meets. Lik

character in a Scorsese film, they tend to be hig

openly laments the unseemliness of the Harrowsmiths' existence, but has also said that keeping these Spooks
within the Guild remains the best way to control their activ

their services, but that's just common sense.

t from other Spooks. In fact, one could argue that they're a br

r, specialize in this sort of practice, and even enjoy it toa certain d

anslated into practice, Harrowsmiths believe that anyone who be:
Guild or its clients deserves to suffer before being completely eradicated.

breaking down a victim's Corpus until he falls into a Harrowing (hence their moniker). In the
course of their work, Harrowsmiths will sometimes, aft

s up the payment, or falls into a Destruction Harrowing and is sucked

‘ally don't seem to care what happens after they

h-strung and ne;

On balance, the Hierarchy doesn't get it. They think the
answer lies in the simple accumulation of souls to stop
Oblivion. The Deathlords enact idiotic decrees like the Dic-
tum Mortuum to keep wraiths out of the Skinlands, like they're
the eternal flight attendants trying to keep us wraiths in Coach
out of Business Class. As if that's going to keep Oblivion from
rolling over everything.

Oblivion erupts whenever it bloody well feels like. What
do you think a Maelstrom is? Hell, we've had five of them
already in the Shadowlands, and each one unleashed more
violence and pain than the last. And if past experience counts
for anything, let me be the first to come right out and say that {
ol' Number Six'll make the first five seem like slight drizzles.

The point isn't to corral a wraith's actions in this world,
or to put up these artificial barriers to a soul's completion of
her tasks. The more the Hierarchy tries to stop souls from
dealing with the people and things they left behind, the more
harm it does to the Shadowlands. The more the Deathlords
worry about their soul-ledgers than they do about the souls
themselves, the more desperate the situation gets for the souls
involved, And the more difficult Stygia tries to make it for a
wraith just to let go, the more Angst grows, the closer a Har-

rowing comes, and soon there's one more soul down the maw
of Oblivion.

od apart

gree. Harrowsmiths
of the Restless Dead, and that the Spooks a

the only

‘ays the

POO

r weakening a wraith to the point of delirium and

ves up his fellow

t their information, to be

DEHLI

Joe Pesci

ly uncontrollable. The Commission of Five

es. It also gives the Commissioners easy access to

Chapter One: Those Honor Bound 2

T'll admit, things have changed a lot since the Dictum
Mortuum got announced. Charon's gone, the Deathlords are
acting like a bunch of anklebiters in a day care center who
just got denied their milk and cookies, and the whole bureau-
cracy of Stygia's so redundant and confusing that half the idi-
ots cancel out the other half. Still, the Guilds are taboo, we
Spooks doubly so. The Hierarchy is by no means irrelevant,
and its power still hits the Restless like a falling I-beam. It
becomes very tricky for us to maneuver sometimes, particu-
larly when the local Overlords are freaking out because of
reports of Spectres or Renegades in the area. They can clamp
down a Necropolis like lightning and sit on the entire popu-
lation like the proverbial 800-pound gorilla.

However, it's not impossible to get what you want. Poli-
ticians — not all, but lots of them — need help every now
and then. Spook Locals aren't above hiring themselves out to
The Man for some fair consideration on our end, or even do-
ing a job gratis if it helps our interests. You've got to be careful
with greasing palms, though. There's a very fine line between
a bunch of Hierarchy pencil-pushers waiting for you to offer
them a bribe and a bunch of Hierarchy pencil-pushers wait-
ing for you to offer them a bribe so they can throw you in the
forges. They're all looking to cover their asses, and that's what
it comes down to.

The places where Spooks have the best rapport with the
representatives of the Isle of Sorrows is in the smaller
Necropoli and on the outskirts of Stygian rule. Often the
Anacreons and officials who rule these places can barely keep
things from falling to pieces without help. They're constantly
under attack from Spectres and Renegades, or there aren't
enough Reapers for all the souls that come across the Shroud,
or their Legionnaires want to be transferred to cushier assign-
ments. To these guys, a Gray Local or Shroudbreaker detach-
ment is a godsend. Dealing with the Hierarchy is no different
than dealing with anyone else. If you can provide them with
a service they want, you'll be left alone. And if you can turn
that want into a necessity, and make yourself an indispens-
able cog in the machine of order, then you're all set. They
won't shut you down. They can't afford to.

Renegades

Frankly, the Renegades are one big inconvenience for
the Spooks — hell, for any Guild. They have no structure, no
network, no sense of what they want, except they don't want
the Hierarchy telling them what to do. Hey, pal, nobody wants
anybody telling them what to do. But most of the Renegades
I've run across would flush the whole system down the Veinous


8

Stair just to prove a point. The problem is, they don't have
anything to put in its place.

For all the crap the Hierarchy doles out, for all their stu-
pid regulations and self-absorbed policies, they keep Oblivion
at bay. They could do better, a lot better, but right now they're
what we've got to work with. Besides, the Guild's got a lot
invested in the Hierarchy. We've spent a incredibly long time
fine-tuning our network of people and positions. Speaking
for the Spooks, I'll be damned if I let a bunch of wild-eyed
bomb-throwing ex-Bolshies chuck the whole system. We'd
all be Spectres in under a week.

The Renegades do serve one important purpose, though.
When you need a scapegoat, they're always available. It's easier
to convince some Legionnaire you've got in your pocket to
go after the Black Fist Brigade or Danforth's Flying Irregulars
or whatever damn fool name most of these groups call them-
selves than you. It looks good to their superiors, and keeps
Big Brother off our back. Besides, who in hell are the Ren-

egades going to complain to about "persecution?"

Heretics

In general, the Spooks' Guild doesn't have much quarrel
with Heretic cults. The Cause centers around helping a wraith
to achieve Transcendence free of unwanted obstacles, and if
a wraith feels the need to do so under the auspices of one
Heretic Circle or another, that's his business.

Besides, many of our Locals' steadiest customers have
been Heretics, who depend upon the specific services we pro-
vide. Mementomorians supply Pathos to those quasi-drug-
oriented Heretic Circles, while Shroudbreaker Locals make a
killing (literally and figuratively) in safeguarding established
Heretic Haunts from intruders. Some of the Circles have been
receptive to our requests to hide certain Guild members until
the heat from the Hierarchy dies down. I've availed myself of
that option a few times. It works, as long as you take all of the
chanting and the attempts at conversion with a few grains of
salt.

The Other Guilds

Of course, the Spooks aren't the only game in town.
There are 15 other Guilds, and depending upon whom you
talk to, the Spooks are anything from misunderstood knights
errant to near-animals and everything in between, depend-
ing upon how badly someone needs the services of one of our
number. It used to be, a long time ago, that hardly any of the
other Guilds would associate with us. When we broke off from
the Haunters, that Guild tried everything to discredit us pub-
licly. They called us Renegades, said we'd all end up as torches
for the Legions within a month, and spread bullshit rumors
about how we were going to drag the other Guilds down to
Oblivion. It was hard, so the Bosses tell me.

$23 KS

But the Artificers still kept in contact with us. They en- 8/1
listed our services in Outrage to create relics and perform simi-
lar tasks for them. They even asked some of the old §
Shroudbreakers to go after key Fetters of important enemies
during the War of the Guilds. They gave us what we wanted,
what we needed — respect. Say what you will about the Arti-
ficers, I've heard it all. They're arrogant. They're megaloma- (hj
niacal. They're old as sin and not nearly as attractive. Doesn't
matter. They saw us as a Guild when we needed to be seen
that way. I think that gave the Spooks the first foothold in
the family of Guilds. And as far as the Spooks' Guild is con-
cerned, whatever the Artificers' crazy notions about taking
over might be, they've got the right of first refusal of our ser-
vices simply for the respect they showed the Spooks long ago.

Relations between the Spooks and the remaining 14
Guilds tends to filter down on a case-by-case basis. Some Lo-
cals, in fact some whole Combinations, work closely with
certain Guilds when they've got our kind of work. A lot of
Gray Gangsters provide muscle for Oracle Gamblers in their
gaming halls and that Guild's great relic riverboat casino, the
Belle La Fayette. Harbingers tend to employ Lifeliners a lot to
look after their Fetters while they take extended trips into 4
the Tempest, and as far as the Pardoners go, everyone needs
them. And even they have Fetters and Haunts they like to
visit.

Allies: The Haunters

Ah, yes. The Haunters.

Hmm...

What can I say? They're family to us, in many ways. The
entire Spooks' Guild did, after all, grow out of the Haunters. i
They provided a sort of structure to encourage the growth of 4
the oldest Spooks' talents. We can't forget that.

But even in the best of families, you get a lot of tension. @
Rivalries, heated discussions, screaming matches at the pro- §
verbial dinner table — it all came out in the Haunters' Guild,
which is why we pretty much cut our losses and got out of the §
house. I won't bore you with the details. Call it creative dif- §
ferences, if you want, that made us choose Outrage over Pan-
demonium. 0

What really made the Spooks break off from the larger §
Haunters' Guild was a fundamental philosophical difference § 3
between our crew and theirs, with that big plan they have to §
take over the Skinlands. The Haunters have always said that
they want to bring down the Shroud and recapture the world
of the Quick, like they had held so long ago. The Haunters
wanted, and still want, to bring the Skinlands and
Shadowlands together, to make the Quick recognize the ex-
istence of ghosts. Then they plan to take their place on the
throne of this unified kingdom.

It's an interesting theory. So is time travel.

The thing that makes a Spook a Spook, and not a
Haunter, is that we don't dwell on theory. There's no way the
Haunters, or all of the Guilds for that matter, are going to
bring down the Shroud. The Shroud isn't just a physical ob-
ject. It's the collective force of thousands of years of the Quick
saying, in effect, "There's no such thing as ghosts." That's hard
in a lot of ways, but it's the way things are. Life sucks. So does
Death. Wear a cup. The Shroud is much too powerful to col-
lapse like a house of cards just because the Haunters can make
cockroaches crawl out of your ass. But the Haunters still waste
their time with this crackpot idea, as if they could get billions
of people to wake up one day and believe in us. Makes you
wonder why we hang around with them as much as we do.

The Mandelbrots are an OK group. They still believe in
the power of Outrage, and out of all the subchapters in the
Haunters' Guild, they're the ones a Spook is most likely to
fraternize with. But as far as the rest of the Haunters go, the
two-peas-in-a-pod speech they give about us being their well-
meaning but simplistic younger siblings is the biggest crock
I've ever heard. The Gray Gangs, I know, could take ‘em or
leave ‘em, and they'd prefer the latter.

Enemies: The Monitors

I honestly can't believe, with everything the Monitors
do, that they're not being hunted down like the Mnemoi.

30 Guildbook: Spooks

Even the quickest glance at their Guild's history and current
practices reads like the chronicle of a parasite attacking its
host. They used to train themselves as full-fledged Reapers,
you know. They'd corral new Enfants for their own purposes,
and the souls they considered to be "runts" they'd ship straight
off to Stygia.

The Monitors don't Reap anymore, but what they do
engage in is just as bad. To the man, the Guild holds the
Lifeweb ability over wraiths like the proverbial carrot on a
stick. They won't permit a wraith to learn how to keep track
of his own Fetters, unless he can serve the Monitors' purpose.
And you wonder why wraiths come to us? We have our price,
like anything else, but at least we're not running around push-
ing innocent souls into a corner. If a wraith needs help, we'll
help him. The Monitors would rather watch a wraith get torn
apart by Spectres than let someone "not of their kind" into
the Guild. The whole lot's a worse band of criminals than
people say we are.

The Monitors are invasive, callous extortionists.. They
don't provide a single service that one of our Locals couldn't
provide, and what they do provide costs you a lot more than a
sack or two of oboli. Because once a Monitor gets his hooks
into you, he's got you for the duration. And he can snap your
lifeline like that, for any reason at all, or no reason whatso-
ever.

7 le Otherside ofthe Shroud

Vampires

Admittedly, you've got to watch out for some of them. A
few of their lot can put a spell on you that ranks right up
there with being enthralled, probably worse. But it's basically
just a matter of common sense and smarts. If you watch your
back with the ones who can grab you, you've got nothing to
fear from the rest of them. Besides, what the hell can a vam-
pire do to you when he's only got a certain number of hours in
the day to operate? And what can he do to you that Death
hasn't done already?

Werewolves

They do like to fight, don't they? More power to ‘em, I
say. And when a pack of these overgrown Lassies pops its col-
lective gasket and takes out a whole building, it's a sight to
behold. The more they destroy, the more things surface in
the Shadowlands. The more they worry and fret and fight
like living hell to save the Skinlands, the more the Pathos
rolls in. Encourage them, I say. Make ‘em crazy. Direct ‘em to
do your work for you. It's a veritable cash cow when they Rage.

This crop tends to be more concerned with fighting its
own little wars. Having said that, though, there are definitely
a couple of groups to keep an eye on. The Euthanatos are
ones for sending the Quick to their more untimely demises, {
and when a new wraith crosses over with a lot of things un-
done, he can make a good client, or even a possible Defender.
The Nephandi, however, are the real enemies. They lie down
with some pretty awful bedfellows — I wouldn't be surprised
if a lot of their more powerful members have a direct line to
Oblivion. We've got Shroudbreakers and Gray Gangsters
watching a lot of their activities, but it's a tough battle from
this side of the Shroud.

Changelings

The walking snakes in their crowd are helpful if youneed
a Fetter or two toyed with, because you can usually get them
to help you out. And when the redcaps go ballistic on one of
their razing sprees, they'll do just about the same in the relic
department as some of those woofs I mentioned earlier. The
Gray Gangs tend to watch the redcaps to see what they're
going to break next. The Harrowsmiths watch to pick up
pointers. I don't know which one's worse sometimes.



"What do you want?"
"Information."
"You won't get it."
"By hook or by crook, we will."
—opening sequence of The Prisoner

TO: The Denthtords

FROM: Julins Overbrook, Chief Inquisitor, MMagisterinm Veritatis 3rd District, Stygia ‘

RE: The Spooks! Guild — Deposition of Joan (Jackie Blades) Btadoutrogt, Armadar, Sitver Maple Combination

My Dear aud Most August Lords:

Jam pleased to report that onr attempts to turn Bladomiroff have proven very fruitful. Jn euchange for Immunity from the forge
and the guarantee of a nevy identity, Bladowiroft has agreed to furvish the WMagisterinm with information about the history and recent
activities of the Spooks! Guild.

J have enclosed the frst part of my report based on Bladomiroff's testimony. J have taken the liberty of summarizing mnch of the
Information he has provided us in several instances. Those places here J have left the testimony unattered J have Aone so in order to
capture the true flavor of his mindset in relation to the Spooks' Giuitd and his position wvithin their structure, J belteve that such direct
quotation may prove useful to get an accurate "feel" for the typical GFuilA member's mindset.

‘This first section of my enclosed report details the understood history of the Spooks as an official Guild, while chronicling the
course of their actions thronghont the ages. More reports on specific objectives of the modern-day Guild members will be forthcoming
inn future dispatches. J

Boo. f
Overbrook.

Chapter Two: inquiries (A History)

BEGIN PART ONE OF REPORT

L»eine Era ot
the Independents

First and foremost, it is clear from my
conversations with Bladomiroff that the
earliest history of the Spooks' Guild bor-
ders on the stuff of legends. The "offi-
cial" history stretches back in time to
presumably before the Sundering, when the
Shroud was nonexistent. Individuals like
Odysseus, Orpheus, Gilgamesh and others
who freely passed to and from the Under-
world are considered to be the forefathers
of the Spooks, for their simple physical
methods used in effecting the journey be-
tween Life and Death:

Bladomiroff: "When I was initiated, the
ceremony talked a lot about our Guild
stretching back to people like Aeneas and
Orpheus and that crowd. It makes sense, if
you think about it. Aeneas and his contem-
poraries were able to reach back into the
living world through plain efforts. They

Guildbook: Spooks

didn't take over someone else's body like
Puppeteers do; they didn't make the walls
bleed like Haunters. If you consider their
actions as straightforward use of strength,
you have to consider it to be a form of
primitive Outrage, which we do. So if they
used this type of Outrage, then they're
the first Spooks."

After the Sundering occurred and the
Shroud materialized between this world and
the world of the Quick, it obviously be-
came more difficult for Spooks to affect
the Skinlands. As a result many of the
first gangs of proto-Spooks began to turn
their activities toward one of the Guild's
oldest, and if my sources are correct,
most lucrative practices on this side of
the Shroud — namely, the collection and
distribution of Pathos among the Restless
Dead:

Bladomiroff: "The cults of the dead in
Greece and Rome provided an unusual wind-
fall for our forefathers. Both civiliza-
tions strongly believed in the existence
of an underworld which bore a lot of simi-
larity to the world they knew. Sounds fa-

miliar, doesn't it? Anyway, people became
very concerned with the status of their
deceased friends and loved ones in Hades
or wherever, and they took great pains
insofar as sacrifices and other things to
make the afterlife more comfortable. In
Greece, a whole Cult of the Heroes sprang
up, fueled a lot by Homer's works, which
got people involved in respecting the deeds
of their past military giants. It carried
over into Rome, too, since most of their
mythology was lifted wholesale from Greece.

"So when people began to engage in these
sorts of rites, it resulted in a lot of
Pathos oozing through the Shroud into the
Shadowlands, just ripe for the taking. So
the Spook gangs took it, used what they
needed, bottled the rest and gave other
wraiths access to it. Things were a lot
simpler back then, so there wasn't any
real problem in this kind of practice. It
certainly wasn't illegal by any standard.
It was sort of like payment for earlier
services rendered. We used to return to
the Skinlands to talk with mortals when
the Shroud was thin, and we helped the
ones we liked as best we could. After the
Sundering, we just took the Pathos from
the Quick's sacrifices as our due and rea-
sonable payment."

These harvesters were known as
Nepentheans, and their practice of har-
vesting Pathos, according to Bladomiroff,
has been a mainstay of the Spooks' Guild
since these earliest times. Public festi-
vals, Colosseum games, temple sacrifices,
plays, the Olympics — everything provided
some form of raw Pathos for the first
Spooks. When Rome fell, Christianity and
its rites of worship provided a suitably
new resource of Pathos for the Spooks.
Pathos, in short, was to be had anywhere a
Nepenthean could tap into it.

II. The Haunting
.
Time
Along with their newfound trade in Pa-
thos, many Spooks turned toward other ac-

tivities. When Rome fell and the First
Great Maelstrom appeared, sending waves

of Spectres to attack Stygia and the Isle
of Sorrows, Spooks offered their services

to Charon and the Legions as mercenaries-
for-hire to combat the demons. These wraiths
were known collectively as Dolabra — The
Axe. None of the names of individual Dolabra
mercenaries have come down through the ages,
however. Bladomiroff states that this is
because of the highly secretive nature of
their operations against Spectre hordes.
Apparently Charon and the Hierarchy did
not want to acknowledge that they had uti-
lized outsiders.

Regardless of the level of Spook in-
volvement in the Maelstrom wars, Bladomiroff
is adamant that after the Spectre wars
ended and the Second Empire was estab-
lished, both the Nepentheans and Dolabra
found themselves on the outside looking
in. Both groups had little in the way of
real services to offer wraiths except for
selling Pathos. As a result of this lack
of direction, a rift developed between the
two main camps of Spooks: those who col-
lected Pathos and those who were the sup-
posed veterans of the Spectre wars:

Bladomiroff: "It was a full-scale turf
war. Nepentheans would be waylaid by mer-
cenary Dolabra and vice versa. The in-
fighting got very ugly. The old veterans
of the Maelstrom wars used to call in fa-
vors from their old Equitae and Legion-
naire buddies, and they'd mount an attack
on a Nepenthean gang's stronghold. So the
Nepentheans''d get Renegades to help them.
Since they had no real reason to be to-
gether, the Nepentheans would pay the Ren-
egades in distilled Pathos, and create their
own mercenaries.

"Anyone could see that any thought of
truce was ridiculous. What the Spooks needed
was some sort of organization. When the
gangs received thé invitation to attend
the first Haunters' Conclave, they all
jumped at the chance. Neither side wanted
to rack up any more casualties. And that's
pretty much how the Spooks got their first
taste of any overall Guild organization,
through the Haunters."

Apparently the Spook gangs were never
satisfied with being attached to the Haunt-
ers. Whatever semblance of organization
and control the Haunters' Guild offered
was outweighed by the gap between the
Guildmasters and those members who pre-

Chapter Two: inquiries (A History)


ferred to deal in Outrage as opposed to
Pandemonium. The Spook gangs were a vocal
minority within the Conclave on this point,
but they remained irreducibly a minority.
Eventually, certain Spook representatives
came before the leaders of the Haunters to
announce that they wished to leave the
Guild to set off on their own:

Bladomiroff: "The general attitudes of
the Quick actually had a lot to do with
our decision to leave the Haunters' Guild.
While still part of the Haunters, a few
Spooks had begun to take on individual
clients in a new field: that of protecting
Fetters. This all happened during the Dark
Ages, when the Church controlled practi-
cally every facet of peoples' lives. Mor-
tals were obsessed with the afterlife,
worrying about whether they'd wind up in
Heaven, and were constantly making prepa-
rations for the next world, by praying and
donating to the Church and making pilgrim-
ages.

"Well, what happened was that wraiths
who wanted to keep watch over their fami-
lies and their lands began to approach the
Spooks asking for help in this sort of
thing. A lot of them wanted to make sure
that their families were all right, but
just as many wanted to get back at their
enemies from beyond the grave. Spooks be-
gan to take on these wraiths as clients,
and soon after they started to perform
these tasks, the Quick fooled themselves
into believing that it was the interces-
sion of saints or guardian angels watching
over them. These Spooks even referred to
themselves as the Dulians, from an eccle-
siastical term for the veneration of saints.

"It wasn't long after this that a group
of Dulians, acting as representatives of
all Spooks, went to the Haunters and voiced
their differences with the direction the
Guild was taking. The leader of the del-
egation was a Dulian named Ned Riddle;
he's considered to be the man who first
articulated The Cause. Anyway, he and some
choice Spooks came before the assembled
Conclave and stated their terms, and said
that they felt overlooked and unwelcome
within the Haunters' Guild. They felt that
the use of Outrage was still a mostly un-
tapped Arcanos, and they felt that they

36

Guildbook: Spooks

could do better in trying to expand its
uses and continue their work under their
own organization.

"So Riddle and the entire company left
the Haunters' Guild. They took with them a
name that a lot of Haunters had been call-
ing them under their breath — Spooks. It
was supposed to be a term of derision, I'm
told, referring to our unrefined art of
Outrage. The formation of the new Guild
marked the division of labor among the
Spooks according to their particular tal-
ents: Dulians were the guardians of The
Cause, Nepentheans were Pathos traders,
and the Dolabra were a sort of private
Spook army. In Spook history, they're known
as the Three Leagues. Now their descen-
dants are only three of many specialist
groups within the Guild, but this trio is
considered the original, the oldest set of
demarcations within the Guild."

The separation, however, was not ami-
cable. The newly formed Spooks' Guild bore
the brunt of a vicious smear campaign or-
chestrated by the Haunters. One episode in
particular illustrates the extremes to which
the Haunters went in order to discredit
the new Guild:

Bladomiroff: "In Spook history it's
called the Village Incident, or just the
Incident. You have to understand that the
Haunters were livid about Riddle leaving
the Guild and taking the rest of the Spooks
with him. They went on and on about how we
couldn't survive without the Haunters. No
Guild would take us seriously, they said,
and without their support we'd be routed
by the Hierarchy. I won't say that those
first years weren't rough, but on a strictly
practical level I think we were doing pretty
well on our own.

"Anyway, there was this Circle on the
outskirts of Stygia that made its haunt at
the intersection of two major Byways. The
Restless living there were all from the
same village in life, and had banded to-
gether for solidarity and familiarity. There
was nothing special about the Circle. The
location wasn't what you'd call strategi-
cally important in any way. It was just an
ordinary community of Restless. If you ask
me, that makes what happened all the more
senseless.

"The local Hierarchy patrols in the re-
gion were alerted that there was a group of
Spooks hiding out at this crossroads, which
was called the Village. Now, the Hierarchy
knew nothing about the new Guild, but they
naturally assumed that it was just another
type of Spectre or some such. It was the
easiest answer available.

"The orders came down to root out the
Spooks that were hiding out there. So a
couple of Hierarchy patrols showed up and
ransacked the Village. They destroyed the
place, and what wraiths survived they sold
to the Reapers in Stygia. The Legions never
found any Spooks, though. That's because
there weren't any Spooks to be found.

"The Village Incident soon became one
of the Haunters' main weapons in their cam-
paign against the Spooks. Rumors spread to
all the other Guilds. They said everything
from the Spooks were using the Village as a
base camp to the Spooks themselves destroyed
the Village for no reason. Ned Riddle was
furious. He kept insisting that the accu-
sations were not true. The Spooks weren't
like that. It didn't matter. A lot of anti-
Spook violence came our way in the after-
math of the Incident. There was no reason
for it. All the Spooks wanted was their own
chance to form a Guild, without any harass-
ment from the Haunters or anyone else.

"It got so bad that we had to fight
back. Spooks tangled with anyone who crossed
them: other Guilds, Hierarchy, anyone at
all. It wasn't a matter of proving our-
selves. It was just to stay intact and
viable as a separate Guild. Pretty soon
Riddle decided that the Spooks had to reach
out to the other Guilds to tell their side
of the story.

"Riddle went to the Artificers, since
they were the oldest Guild and had a lot of
clout among the others. (They also had a
lot of big guys with big hammers, which was
a bonus in this situation.) He explained
the whole situation to the three
Guildmasters, including The Cause and the
reasons for the breakaway from the Haunt-
ers. The Artificers were very receptive to
Riddle's address. They made Riddle a deal:
If the Spooks would agree to help the Arti-
ficers in their work, the Artificers would
officially recognize the Spooks as a Guild


and give them whatever help they needed.
It was the jackpot, and Riddle quickly
accepted it on behalf of the Three Leagues."

The agreement with the Artificers
changed the inter-Guild political land-
scape drastically. Now possessing offi-
cial recognition by the Artificers, the
Spooks turned their energies toward clearing
their name of the Village Incident stigma:

Bladomiroff: "We still had some friends
among the Nihilists, who were never happy
with the treatment the Spooks got under
the auspices of the Haunters' Guild. Ned
Riddle soon discovered the real story —
that a Pandora Skia calling himself De-
spair had fed false information to the
Hierarchy about the presence of Spooks in
the Village Circle. In other words, this
sonofabitch had set us up.

"The heads of the Three Leagues agreed
that Despair had to be dealt with. I won't
bore you with the details of how we got a
hold of him, except to say that a couple
of Nihilists helped point us in the right
direction. Riddle gave Despair over to the
Dolabra to teach him a lesson about cross-

38 Guildbook: Spooks

ing the Spooks. They beat on him and cut
him until his Corpus was nearly vapor.
Then they took a bolt of Stygian silk that
the Artificers had treated in soulfire and
wound it tightly around his face. It took
six days for the treated cloth to eat out
his eyes. And at that point, Despair fell
into a Harrowing. He never returned.
"Even Riddle was unnerved about how the
Dolabra had dealt with the Haunter, but
there was little he could do about it. It
was business. The Spooks couldn't let the
Haunters continue doing what they were doing
to the Guild. After what the Haunters heard
happened to Despair, they got religion real
fast. The Council quickly.called a truce
with the Spooks and agreed to make a pub-
lic apology in front of all of the other
Guilds, admitting what they had done and
officially recognizing the Spooks as a
legitimate entity. Of course, the pres-
ence of a bunch of soulforgers in our cor-
ner had a lot to do with how quickly they
capitulated, but the loss of Despair had
been a real blow to the Haunters' Guild.

There was no way they could afford some-
thing like that again.

"Ned Riddle always said that the look
on the head Haunters' faces was priceless.
He could barely keep himself from laughing
out loud as they stood there and owned up
to their actions. With all of the other
Guilds as witnesses, a truce was signed
between our Guild and theirs, and the Spooks
were allowed to get on with the business
of expanding the Guild.

"Oh, and those Dolabra? Once they real-
ized what they could do to another wraith
to get him to confess, they decided to
specialize in it. So they called them-
_ selves Harrowsmiths.

"But you probably figured that out al-
ready."

III. War Games

No sooner were the Haunters and Spooks
officially reconciled to one another than
the first stirrings that would later blos-
som into the War of the Guilds manifested
themselves. While the Spooks' Guild ex-
isted ostensibly as a single unit, the
different factions within the Guild often
followed their own agendas, sometimes com-
ing into conflict with one another in the
process:

Bladomiroff: "The Guild still under-
went a lot of growing pains at this point,
and the War of the Guilds didn't exactly
help matters. Spooks fought on both sides,
each to his own ends. Shroudbreaker squads
fought for whomever paid them, no matter
what Guild it was. The Mementomorians played
practically every side against the middle
and ran a huge black market in Pathos,
weapons from Artificer forges and the odd
relic or two.

"Even the Dulians got into the act. Ned
Riddle had made a public plea to all Spooks
to stand united with the Haunters based on
the terms of the truce. He was still talk-
ing to the Nihilists, and made his Haunter
contacts aware of the Artificers' plans to
make themselves the lead Guild in Stygia.
But Riddle was just covering his own ass,
if you ask me. He and his Dulians were

working with Artificers to create instant
relics from across the Shroud. They'd de-
stroy Inhabited targets and take a per-
centage off the top, which Riddle would
forward to the Nepentheans to put on the
black market. Hey, there's always more than
two sides to a war. And we were on every
single damned one of them."

The cessation of hostilities in A.D.
1354 left the Artificers in control of §
much of freewraith politics and activity.
While the Compact of Guilds granted equal
status to the 13 major freewraith Guilds
on paper, it was evident from the postbellum 6
atmosphere that the Artificers held firmly §
onto the reins of the larger community.
While many former members of Guilds have
openly lamented the machinations of the
Artificers in this regard, Bladomiroff
offers a different perspective on the
Spooks' reaction:

Bladomiroff: "Things didn't exactly
change with the Compact of 1354. Sure, the
Artificers pretty much pulled the strings,
but they'd been doing that for centuries.
The Spooks settled into the niche that fit
them on the Council and went about their
usual business. We still had a pretty good
relationship with the Hammerboys from back
when they gave us a break during the Vil-
lage Incident. A lot of their forge boys
still threw work our way, and the Leagues
gladly took it. Besides, after what hap-
pened to the Masquer rep who started yell-
ing about how the Artificers were rail-
roading everyone else into the Compact,

the Spooks decided it wasn't worth the ¥§

effort to make waves. It would have been
bad for The Cause, and bad for business in
general. Unlike the Haunters,
that crazy."

After the ratification of the Compact,
the Spooks' Guild turned inward, stream-
lining its organization. Ned Riddle and
his opposite numbers, Francesco di Toscano
of the Nepentheans and Hermann Reinhardt
of the Dolabra, formed the Commission, the
governing body of the Spooks' Guild.
Bladomiroff has mentioned that the Com-
mission soon expanded from three to four
members, eventually including the leader
of the Harrowsmiths, one Aristide Plumét,

Chapter Two: inquiries (A History)

we're not ¥


known more familiarly as Plummet (pronounced
like the verb).

Bladomiroff: "They had to let the
Harrowsmiths in. It wasn't like the new
Commissioners could deny that these psychos
existed. After all, the revenge they'd
exacted on Despair was still legend among
all the Guilds. And to cut them loose from
the Guild was too dangerous. A bunch of
loose cannons like that running around was
an accident waiting to happen. Popular
wisdom is that the other Commissioners
figured they could control Plummet and his
crowd better if the Harrowsmiths were merged
into the structure of the Guild. I think
they did it so they could have their own
bunch of hitters to select from. Either
way."

IV. The Breaking

At first the Dictum Mortuum had little
real effect on the Spooks, or any other
Guild that specialized in dealing with the
mortal world. After all, it's not like the
Legions wanted to enforce it, any more
than a policeman who liked a cold beer
enjoyed enforcing Prohibition. The Law did,
however, serve to make enemies of the Spooks
and the Monitors' Guild. After the passage
of the Dictum, the Monitors began to com-
port themselves as its strict construc-
tionists. Either through a fear of Hierar-
chy reprisal or for other, unknown rea-
sons, the Monitors withdrew their services
of Lifeweb from the general population of
the Restless Dead. Wraiths seeking status
reports on their Fetters who were ignored
and rebuffed by the Monitors (who were not
above leading the odd Legionnaire or two
toward any refused clients), took matters
into their own hands. Spooks, particularly
the Dulians, openly criticized this change
of attitude, while they simultaneously moved
into the vacuum the Monitors created.
Bladomiroff confirms that this state of
affairs explains the virulent animosity
between the two Guilds.

Regardless, the Dictum Mortuum threw
the Council of Guilds into a tizzy over
the status of those few Guilds who made
interaction with the Quick their liveli-
hood. Debates raged among the Guildmasters
about whether the Guilds as a community

Guildbook: Spooks

© ese

should proceed more cautiously around the
Hierarchy. The Spooks were remarkably si-
lent during these debates; however, they
had already found other avenues to pursue:

Bladomiroff: "The Council debates were
going on in Stygia under a siege mental-
ity. The Renegades had begun their assault
on the Onyx Tower during the early 1500s,
and Riddle foresaw a way to use the situ-
ation to ensure that Charon and the
Deathlords would owe the Spooks a lot of
favors. My guess is that he figured that
putting Charon in his debt would get the
Dictuum revoked. So he came up with a way
to make sure that Charon owed him one.

"The job fell to Hermann Reinhardt. He
sent Dolabra members to infiltrate the
Renegade ranks and track their movements.
These Dolabra reported to Reinhardt and
Riddle, bringing back the Renegades' move-
ments, supply status and other vital in-
formation. Riddle and Reinhardt then sold
the information to the Equitaes and Charon.
They were instrumental in pinpointing key
weaknesses in the invaders' assault plans.
In essence, the Dolabra practically handed
the Renegades over to the Hierarchy on a
silver platter."

These Dolabra, known within the Guild
as Reinhardt's Raiders, became a key fac-
tor in shoring up Stygian defenses during
the First Abomination. The Spooks' good
reputation within the Hierarchy, however,
was to be short-lived.

Guild unrest increased throughout the
next few decades, and this turmoil touched
even the Spooks. Despite the Guild's clan-
destine involvement with the Equitaes,
Riddle involved himself and the Dulians
more and more in Council politics, throw-
ing his weight and that of the Guild be-
hind the simmering rebellion the Artifi-

cers had been half-planning for centuries.
It again split the Spooks' Guild into two
sides, with Riddle and his Dulians sup-
porting the coup and Toscano, Reinhardt
and Plummet against the idea:
Bladomiroff: "Reinhardt and Toscano went
to the Artificers and let them know about
a deal Riddle had made with the Haunters
and some remnants of the Fishers to usurp
the Artificers from their place of primacy
in the Council. It may just have saved the


Spooks' Guild. Without the support of the
entire Spooks' Guild, the Haunters' re-
volt never materialized. I'm sure that we'd
have been subsumed right back into the
Haunters, the way Riddle was acting.

"Most Spooks who survived the coup at-
tempt and subsequent Breaking will tell
you that they never thought it was a wise
idea. It was better to let the Artificers
have their fun and inflate their egos,
though, than to refuse to go along. So we
did, and we paid the predictable price.
The aftermath of the Decree of the Break-
ing practically decimated the Dulians. No
one'1l admit to it, but I think Reinhardt
and Toscano handed Riddle and most of his
crew over to the Hierarchy after the failed
coup. And I know a lot of old Spooks who
would agree with me.

"The future of the Dulians was a thorny
issue. A lot of Spooks wanted to disband
the Dulian League altogether. It's a good
thing they didn't, though. If the Dulian
League went, The Cause went with them, and
so did our rationale for existing as a
Guild. So the Commission began the pains-
taking process of reforming the Dulian
League under the strictest interpretation
of The Cause. The other Spooks combed
through the ranks of former Dulians and
plucked those who had refused to go along
with Ned Riddle. There weren't a lot of
them, I'll tell you, but there were enough
to rebuild the new group of Dulians. These
former Dulians chose new leaders and stuck
to protecting Fetters — and stayed out of
politics. They even gave themselves a new
name, to symbolize the break with the past.
They became the Lifeliners."

\. The Modern
Spooks

After the Breaking was officially de-
clared, some Spooks began to look toward
other areas of influence. With Stygia grow-
ing at an exponential rate, the ability of
the Legions to keep order throughout the
Empire got weaker and weaker. Eventually
it was decided by Charon that the first
Necropolis should be founded, in the city
of London. According to Bladomiroff, the

plans for a second city of the Dead were
just what many Spooks were looking for:

Bladomiroff: "To put it kindly, the
treatment of the first Necropolis in the
Historia Popularis Stygiae is bullshit.
Hell, what'd you expect when you've got a
700-something-year-old sexually ambivalent
Italian writing it? The process was not as
simple as sending in a brace of Stygian
civil servants and the odd detachment of
Legionnaires. It took a lot of work to
found Necropolis London, and a lot of
muscle, and I don't mean the nice whole-
some sweat-of-your-brow kind. Squatters had
to be relocated. People had to be, erm,
‘persuaded' to accept the new order of
things.

"The Legions couldn't do it alone, es-
pecially when there was a massive network
of Spooks running around London, led by an
old highwayman named William Castor. He
was the head of a gang that called itself
the Charing Crosses, after the neighbor-
hood where they were headquartered. When
the Legions tried to clear out this and
other sections of London, Castor sent men
to block them. When the Smiling Lord tried
to set up central sites for collecting
recently arrived souls, Castor hijacked
the caravans. The Centurions could barely
flinch without Castor knowing and coun-
tering it. Finally they gave up, went to
Castor, and offered to lay off him and his
Spooks if he helped do a bit of urban
renewal.

"Castor agreed, and the Legions were
able to get the London Necropolis under-
way. After things got settled, he trans-
formed the organization of his Spooks into
the first of the Gray Gangs. Castor ap-
pointed himself its leader, or Control-
ler. And once Castor proved successful,
other Spooks all over the Shadowlands in
the sites of future Necropoli followed his
lead. Individual Armadars who organized
the Spooks within other Necropoli became
Controllers too, and these wraiths became
the building blocks of the Gray Gangs.

"The Gray Gangs ushered the Spooks' Guild
into the modern era. Within a couple of
centuries, Necropoli sprang up in practi-
cally every major city in the Western world,
all under the jurisdiction of the Stygian

Chapter Two: inquires (A history) 41


Empire. Souls flooded the streets, and De-
fenders poured into the Guild. The old
system of the Three Leagues, especially in
these new Necropoli, had to be reformed
again.

"The Commission took its cue from two
fast-growing entities among the Quick: labor
unions and organized crime. They abolished
the Three Leagues and set up a system of
Locals and Combinations. The theory was
that Locals would coordinate the activi-
ties of all Spooks under a specific voca-
tion. All Lifeliners in a Necropolis or
region in the Shadowlands would belong to
a dedicated Local, headed by a single Con-
troller. All Dolabra would be under their
own Controller, all Gray Gangs, and so on.
The Combination system placed all the Lo-
cals in one or more Necropoli under the
overall leadership of a Boss, who would
then direct and coordinate the activities
of the different Locals under his aegis in
accordance with the Commission. The two
oldest groups of Spooks even updated their
names. The Nepentheans, with a nod to their
classical roots, renamed themselves the
Mementomorians. With the rise of the spiri-
tualist movement in Europe and America,
the Dolabra changed their name to reflect
their change in focus. They became the
Shroudbreakers. Stygia was moving into the
modern world, and the Spooks made sure
they followed suit."

The arrival of the so-called "Gray Gangs"
on the larger Guild scene marks the turn-
ing point in the overall direction of the
Spooks' Guild. Of all of the Locals and
Combinations within the Guild, those af-
filiated with the Gray Gangs have grown
the fastest in the modern industrial era.
The Gray Gangs have become the Locals of
choice for a significant percentage of the
younger Guild members, who see unlimited
opportunities in burrowing deep into the
Imperial bureaucracy and attempting to
control the output of the Hierarchy ma-
chine. It is this development that has
preoccupied the entire Spooks' Guild since
these Gangs began their rise to power, and
its resolution will apparently shape the
course of all future Spook endeavors:

Bladomiroff: "The new breed of Spooks
has the old guard shaking their heads. The

Guildbook: Spooks


oldtimers keep reiterating that The Cause
centers around the dedication to assist
individual wraiths, not the urge -to grab
hold of the government. The Gray Gangsters
reply by saying that The Cause is supposed
to be fulfilled by any means necessary,
and that keeping the authorities off one's
back is the best way to go about one's
business unmolested.

"It's not going to go away soon,
it's not

and
going to go away quietly, that's
for sure. The new breed of Spooks is even
starting to make its presence felt in the
older Locals. Mementomorians are getting
pushed by Spooks who are selling inferior
Pathos just for the quick buck.
Shroudbreakers are starting to bully wraiths
around instead of ,watching the line be-
tween the Quick and the Dead. Even the
Llifeliners aren't immune to the effects of
the new generation. Some Defenders are
starting to demand better compensation for
their work, or are even taking on their
own' clients illegally. The Commission of
Five still keeps a tight hold on the Guild's
operations, but I don't know how long the
status quo is going to last. I'm afraid
the Guild might split permanently; there's
precedent, after all. If it does, then The
Cause is done for, and Oblivion's one step
closer to winning."

END PART ONE OF REPORT

MEMORANDUM

TO: The Deathtords

FROM: Overbrook

RE: Follow-up on Deposition of Jvan (dackie
Blades) Bladomiroft

My Dear and Most Angust Lords:

J am sorry to report that further testimony from
Bladomiroff itt not be forthcoming. Jt appears that
the Masgners whom we had contracted to give
Bladomiroff a nevv identity were in fact a group of
Moliated Harrowsmiths, who then proceeded to infit-
trate the holding center where Bladouiroff was being
kept and destroy him.

J am unable to discover at this time how the
Harrowsmiths gained access to the cell where
Bladomiroft was being hetd. J can only specutate that

| they either somehorw coerced the guards who patrolled
the cell blocks and or Anped them into believing that
| they were sent by the MMagisterium to begin work on

the transformation of Bladomtrofe into a different in-
dividual.

J cannot but extend my most forthright apologies
to you Lords at the unfortunate developments that have
transpired. J have initiated a thorough Investigation into
the breakdocon of security in our holding center, and
hope to have the culprits in my hands forthevith. Yet J
fear that any further information about the present ma-
nenvers of the Spooks' Guild will be impossible t
obtain, as the ostentations hit on Bladomiroff tells ns
that the Spooks have definitely learned of our fact-
finding endeavors, and possibly hovv to circumvent them
as well.

BLO.
Overbrook.

i



"Are you turning these men into murderers, Captain?"
"I sincerely hope so."
— Stephen Crane and Bucky O'Neil, Rough Riders

o the untrained observer, Outrage appears

SM to be one of the more straightforward (and

ji) less sophisticated) Arcanoi, and this com-

monly held perception often brands

Spooks as little more than supernatural

thugs. Admittedly, Outrage's effects are

not subtle, as it is most frequently em-

ployed in the smash-mouth arena of back-alley combat. And

when compared with the more aesthetically pleasing practice

of Pandemonium as utilized by the Haunters, Outrage can

seem decidedly vulgar in the eyes of most outsiders. Yet as

with nearly everything else the Guild does, the full panoply

of Outrage as practiced by the Spooks reaches broader and
deeper levels than most wraiths can possibly understand.

Shadowlands Physics: So, Which Way
Up?

Like its richer cousin Pandemonium, Outrage exists as
another manifestation of the Wylding, drawn from a com-

pact entered into by the Haunters' Guild centuries ago. Many Qi

of the more ancient Spooks claim that Outrage and its abili-
ties came first, and that the forsaking of this Arcanos by the
Haunters Guild for the more "genteel" arts of Pandemonium
belies the shortsightedness and inevitable failure of the Haunt-
ers. A good many Spooks possess the knowledge and
attunement with the Wylding necessary to perform both
Arcanoi with relative ease, but the Spooks Guild firmly stands
behind its marriage to Outrage, both for the Arcanos' legend-
ary age and its usefulness in various Spook enterprises.

Chapter Three: The job and How To Do it

SRST


The power of Outrage flows from the nature of the
Shadowlands themselves. Unlike Pandemonium, which tends
to rely more on perceptual and psychological manipulation,
Outrage taps into the physical malleability of the Underworld.
Compass directions, inertia, gravity, momentum, balance and
all other facets of the physical world do not act in their accus-
tomed fashion in the Shadowlands, if in fact they act at all.
Newton's Three Laws do not apply. Euclid is of no use. The
Tempest is everywhere and nowhere at the same time; the
geography bears no resemblance to anything on a Skinlands
map. Even the simple feat of getting from Point A to Point B
requires someone who's done it before and knows more or less
where the destination is, or at least ought to be.

Outrage gives Spooks the ability to manipulate this flu-
idity in both the Shadowlands and the Skinlands kinetically.
It allows a Spook to reach through the Shroud at its porous
points and handle objects in the real world as if he or she
were alive. In the realm of combat, Outrage allows a Spook to
channel the corrupted properties of forces, vectors and angles
against her opponent.

However, a down side exists to the use of Outrage under
certain circumstances, particularly in its destructive capaci-
ties. Spooks who use Outrage at its highest levels, namely arts

46 Guildbook: Spooks

such as Obliviate, expose themselves to the danger of stock-
piling uncommon amounts of Angst. Some Spooks say that
this Angst accumulation is due to pointless guilt, and that
the rest of the Guild needs to bite the bullet and quit acting
like a bunch of sissies. Others attribute this tendency to take
in Angst to an as yet unstated, but understood, connection
between Outrage, the original Covenant of the Wylding, and
Oblivion itself. According to this theory, Oblivion can chan-
nel itself through the Wylding and into a Spook who uses
Outrage primarily in its destructive phases. The instances of
Spooks falling to Oblivion because of the number of "kills"
on their record are far too sporadic to make any clear case
one way or another, but the scuttlebutt among many Locals is
known to lean heavily toward such sentiment.


Spooks, regardless of their background or spe-
cialty, tend to display physiques that, to put it kindly,
look as if they were assembled from cinder blocks.
It is nearly impossible to mistake a Spook for any-
thing other than what he is simply by sight, due to

the effects of Outrage on the Corpus of its ri

inevitably become

practitioners. Just as Artificer
scarred and blackened from their long hours at the

ge, Spooks "bulk up" from their constant use of

Shadowlands'
as the Spook shifts the fabric of the uni-
he shifted. The fact

yund her, so too i

that most of this shifting looks like it could have
been produced ina weight room is attributed to ps
chosomatic effects by most Stygian theorists.
In particular, the vast majority of Spook De

tell-tale

: slightly asymmetrical shoulders, tor
sos out of proportion with lower bodies, and other
slightly shifted aspects of their physical frames.
Many Spooks try to lessen the obvious nature

by wearing loose, undefined cloth

this "bulk

ing, but as such remedies are scarce in the
Shadowlands, the truth sooner or later asserts it

self.

Outrage-ous Entects: An

Arcanos Arsenal
‘Affect Speed of Oject

A simple use of Outrage, this ability allows a Spook to
alter the speed of an object in flight or on the ground, in
either the Skinlands or Shadowlands. This effect, when prop-
erly employed, allows a Spook to make small objects jet around
a room or other finite area, or even slow them down to the
point where they seem to be hovering in the air. It can also be
used to affect the speed of non-solid matter such as the spread-
ing of liquid or the dissemination of smoke or gas into or out
of a particular area.

This art can be employed on about the same amount of
material as can be affected by the art Ping. At Storyteller dis-
cretion, larger objects and greater masses can be affected with
the investment of Corpus and greater expertise in the Arcanos.

System: To employ Affect Speed, a player rolls Dexter-
ity + Outrage (difficulty 7). The number of successes deter-
mines the rate of increase or decrease of speed if the object is
solid, or the rate of spread of the object is liquid or gaseous.
Two successes doubles the speed (or surface area affected);
three triples it, and so on. This art costs 1 Pathos to use. A
botch results in the object stopping dead in its path. (Of course,
if that's the effect the Spook is going for, the opposite holds
true.)

* Afterimage

An increasing number of Spooks, particularly those who
wish their opponents to know that their Fetters have been
"targeted," have developed a sort of "calling card" for this
purpose. Only a Spook with some low-level training in Pan-
demonium may employ this particular effect.

Afterlmage allows a Spook to leave some sort of sign on
another wraith's Fetter or some other object or place in the
Skinlands. Although the Skinlands object is not physically
affected in any way, Afterlmage allows a wraith to see, through
her Deathsight, that a Spook has been to visit something of
hers. The particular Afterlmage can be something as simple
as a ghostly sigil of the Spook Local involved, or it can be
something as large and ghastly as the image of the Fetter de-
stroyed, superimposed upon the still-intact object.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Outrage (diffi-
culty of the target's Willpower) to activate Afterlmage. What
occurs is a sort of hallucination on the part of the character
whose Fetter is being targeted (hence the requirement of some
elementary skill in Pandemonium). Each success results in a
day's worth of an Afterlmage projection.

Afterlmage costs 1 Pathos and 1 Corpus to employ. A
botch results in the projection of an Afterlmage on the Fetter
of the user himself. Despite the wraith's cognizance of his fail-
ure, the projection can still be unsettling, and in extreme cases §
can even lead to the accumulation of a point of temporary
Angst.

" Recoil follow-through

This particular effect taps into the physical force of a
particular object's source, and can be used in one of two ways:

Recoil allows a Spook to reflect the force of an object
thrown, swung or otherwise projected back onto its source.
In practice, it creates a "true recoil" in the Shadowlands. For
example, an object thrown by an opponent 10 feet toward
the Spook using this Arcanos will reflect back on the thrower
and knock him or her back 10 feet. A weapon swung in a

Chapter Three: The job and How To Do it 41

180° arc at a Spook will twist the swinger 180° in the oppo-
site direction, in a sort of reversed-corkscrew effect. In short,
whatever force is expended by an opponent will, under the
effects of Recoil, be reversed back onto the opponent.

Follow-Through operates in the same manner as Recoil.
It just does so in the opposite direction, doubling the intended
range and force of the object. Thus, a projectile thrown 10
feet will in fact travel 20 feet. A weapon swung in a 180° arc
will travel 360° and likely spin the assailant in a full revolu-
tion. Follow-Through is often employed on assailants too far
away to engage in hand-to-hand combat.

System: To use either form of this art, a player rolls
Strength + Outrage (difficulty of the local Shroud). For every
object the wraith wishes to affect with this art, the difficulty
is increased by one, but it can go no higher than 9. Recoil/
Follow-Through costs 2 Pathos to use. A botch simply re-
verses the effect; in other words, a botch with Recoil results
in the employment of Follow-Through and vice versa.

« Wrench in the Gears

Wrench in the Gears enables a Spook to affect the flow
of something through a simple mechanism, such as water
through a plumbing system. The effect allows a Spook to cause
slight irregularities in the systems of a large building, such as
clogged pipes, low pressure in sinks and toilets, elevator cars
that stop a few inches above or below the doors, and other
such annoyances in the infrastructure. In some cases, Wrench
in the Gears can be utilized in order to affect the flow of con-
crete into brick molds and similar adulterations in building
materials, which can then be demolished with a good blow
from the other side of the Shroud.

It should be noted that Wrench in the Gears does not
work in the creation of relics. Because using this particular
talent centers around the course of an object through a sys-
tem rather than the system itself, Wrench in the Gears does
not affect the outer mechanism through which the Arcanos
is being employed.

System: Utilizing Wrench in the Gears requires a
Strength + Outrage roll (difficulty of the local Shroud). The
more successes achieved, the more pronounced the abnor-
malities in the system become. Wrench in the Gears costs 2
Pathos and 1 Corpus to use and gives the user a temporary
Angst point. A botch actually improves the flow through the
infrastructure and renders the area in question immune to
further tinkerings of this nature.

«« jmesistible Force/immovable Object

As with Recoil/Follow-Through, this art can manifest
itself in one of two ways:

Irresistible Force allows a Spook to exert an amount of
force upon a person or object so great that any resistance or

Guildbook: Spooks

countermeasure is effectively nullified. This is used particularly
by Spooks employed in the destruction of buildings and other
objects in the Skinlands, particularly when the art is focused
ona weak point in the building's structure.

Immovable Object allows a Spook to increase the gravity
exerted on an object in the Skinlands to the point where it
cannot be picked up, lifted, shifted or otherwise moved by nor-
mal methods. Small objects seem to be glued to tabletops and/
or floors, while more sizable objects seem to weigh several tons.

System: The player rolls Strength + Outrage (difficulty of
the local Shroud). The difficulty increases by one for every
object the wraith wishes to affect, but can go no higher than 9.
If a wraith wishes to affect more than one object, they must be
of similar sizes; a wraith cannot affect a baseball, a refrigerator
and a Sherman tank at the same time.

This art costs 2 Pathos and 2 Corpus to use. A botch re-
sults in the object being affected seeming lighter or flimsier
than it normally should, thus allowing it to be moved or coun-
tered with less effort.

Storytellers Note

Splitting the dice pool in order to use Arcanoi
with dual effects, namely Recoil/Follow-Through
and Irresistible Force/Immovable Object, is not al
lowed. In other words, if a wraith wishes to employ
Recoil on one object, he cannot split his dice pool

Follow-Through on another object. The
or Ir

Althou:

fected with either art, only one facet of the art may

same rule applic
able Ob;

sistible Force and Immov

1 multiple objects can be af-

be employed per round, due to the obvious opposi

tion of each facet in question.

Relic Wrap

Many Spook Defenders and Armadars own relics which
they use regularly in the Shadowlands. Relic Wrap allows a
Spook to bend the Shroud around a particular relic. In effect, a
protective "seal" is formed around the object in question which
permits a Spook to take the relic with her when she reaches
across the Shroud. This allows many Spooks to use their relics
(often weapons of some sort) on Skinlands assignments.

System: To invest a relic object with Relic Wrap, the player
tolls Strength + Outrage (difficulty of the local Shroud). The
number of successes determines the duration of the Relic Wrap
around an object. For this reason, most Spooks who use this art
wait until just before they need to use the relic to employ Relic
Wrap on their tools.

Relic Wrap costs 1 Pathos and 2 Corpus to use. A botch
destroys the relic.

A
=


Advanced Levels of Outrage

For a Spook, using Outrage requires less and less exer-
tion as his familiarity with the Arcanos progresses. Defenders
and some lower-level Armadars in their still-formative stages
are restricted to manifesting its effects by the expending of
pure physical energy. (Translated into game terms, this means
the expending of Pathos and Corpus points in order to per-
form basic Outrage effects.) However, these Spooks are just
the beginning stages of mastery of the arts of Outrage. Those
Guildwraiths who've practiced for a while can get... creative.

As a Spook becomes more comfortable in the employ-
ment of his Arcanos, however, he finds that he can affect the
Shadowlands and Skinlands with far less use of purely physi-
cal strength. Higher levels of Outrage are activated by the
use of Willpower as opposed to Corpus in this regard. This
change allows a Spook to use Outrage in combat or other
potentially dangerous situations without leaving himself quite
so vulnerable to physical attack. In essence, the practice of
high-level Outrage (four to five dots) is a matter of teleki-
netic energy as opposed to physical strength. A high-level
Spook wishing to use one of the simpler arts of Outrage (one
to three dots) can substitute one Willpower point for one
Corpus point in any application of the lower arts, to symbol-
ize the character's elevated skill in his chosen Arcanos.

Spooks pledge themselves to protect the Fetters of wraiths.
But what if the Fetter is a living person, specifically, one who
is staring down the business end of a .45? What is a Spook
going to do, throw himself in front of the bullet?

Well, yes and no. Obviously, Spooks are neither bullet-
proof, nor can they solidify their Corpus in such a way to act
as a flak jacket. But they can do something to minimize the
effects of a gun, or knife, or falling girder: They can make a {
Shroudshield.

Shroudshield is a slightly incorrect term; no such thing
as a shield is created through the use of this particular art.
What Shroudshield does is allow a wraith to flitig himself §
through the Shroud at the same velocity as a bullet or other
projectile and attempt to deflect or stop the motion of the
object. When this art is used correctly, the collision of the
two forces cancels each other out, thereby senditig the bullet
off on another course or stopping it completely.

Shroudshield is a very chancy art to use, and an even
more difficult one to master. It's quite rare for Shroudshielding
to stop a bullet completely. It's much easier for a Spook to
attempt to deflect the path of an oncoming bullet or blade,
and even easier to slow the projectile down so that it does not
end up going too deeply into the person's frame.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Outrage (difficulty
of the local Shroud + 2, but total difficulty no higher than 9).
The more successes at Shroudshield, the more successes are
removed from the attacker's roll. If the wraith's successes out-
weigh the attackers, the bullet (or knife, or baseball bat) sim-
ply stops dead.

Shroudshield costs 3 Pathos and 2 Corpus to use. A botch,
besides likely killing the target, increases the damage to the
wraith's Corpus by 2 and gives him 3 points of temporary
Angst, just to add insult to injury.

Mortals who see Shroudshielding in action usually wit-
ness nothing more than a grayish or white blur. As always,
the Fog comes into play at these times as well.

+ Bilocation

This particular art allows a wraith to affect both Skinlands
and Shadowlands simultaneously. A punch thrown or weapon
swung in the Shadowlands will not only hit its intended tar-
get, but will also have the same effects on any person or ob-
ject within range of the wraith's force in the Skinlands.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Outrage (difficulty
of the local Shroud + 1). The number of successes determines
the similarity of force and damage done to both intended tar-
gets. The art costs 3 Pathos and 2 Corpus to use. A botch
results in the Skinlands target feeling no effect, plus it ren-
ders the user incorporeal for a turn.

wm Center of Gravity

Center of Gravity most clearly underscores the subjec-
tive nature of physics in the Shadowlands, not to mention its
distillation into the Outrage Arcanos. This ability allows a
wraith to pinpoint any part of a room or other small area,
including his own Corpus, and to temporarily make it the
center of gravity of an area. This allows a Spook to place ob-
jects onto walls and ceilings, conjuring up images of those
Warner Brothers cartoons where a character opens the door
and everything appears to be upside down. Center of Gravity
also allows a Spook to "magnetize" an object, even one of
non-magnetic material, for a finite period of time.

System: Center of Gravity requires a Strength + Out-
rage roll (difficulty of the local Shroud + 1). The number of
successes determines the size of the area affected and the du-
ration of the effect. The art costs 4 Pathos and 2 Willpower
to use if the Center of Gravity is an object other than the
wraith himself; if the wraith wishes to use himself as the Cen-
ter of Gravity, the 2 Willpower is replaced by 2 Corpus.

The user accumulates 2 points of temporary Angst each
time he uses Center of Gravity. A botch results in the wraith
himself being pulled into the gravitational "field" he is trying
to create, thereby immobilizing himself for two rounds.

The Corsican Syndrome is an extension of Bilocation,
but in a more detached form. As with the fate of the two
brothers in the Dumas tale, Corsican Syndrome acts prima-
tily on the connection between a wraith and his or her Fet-
ters. The premise is simple: Whenever a Fetter is damaged,
Corsican Syndrome transfers the damage to its respectively
Fettered wraith in the manner of Corpus damage. Blows, burn-
ing, cuts or other types of damage to a Fetter reflect directly
upon the wraith involved, leaving the Fetter untouched until
such time as the wraith falls into a Harrowing. In the case of
a living person as a Fetter, Corsican Syndrome also works in
the reverse, allowing the Corpus damage taken by a wraith to
be felt by his or her Fetter.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Outrage (diffi-
culty of the targeted wraith's Willpower + 2; total difficulty
no higher than 9). Every two successes rolled inflicts one
Corpus Level of damage on the targeted wraith, or one Health
Level of a living Fetter. The art costs 4 Pathos and 3 Corpus
to use. A botch turns the Syndrome on the user himself, dam-
aging his Fetter and inflicting three levels of Corpus Damage.
Needless to say, this art is used sparingly.

Merits and Flaws

Even an Arcanos as eminently physical as Outrage car-
ties its own selection of pitfalls and pinnacles for those who
practice it. In addition to these purely Arcanos-driven side
effects, the Gordian knotwork of politics and criminal en-
deavors in Stygia (in which the Spooks' Guild is firmly en-
trenched) can make life easy for some and dicey for others.

Note: These Merits and Flaws are intended strictly for
use with Spook characters. Use them as you would use the
Merits and Flaws in the Wraith Players Guide or the Shadow
Players Guide.

Easier Pandemonium (2 point Mei)

In addition to Outrage, you also have a knack for picking
up Pandemonium. Perhaps you are subconsciously more at-
tuned to the Wyld than you are aware, or perhaps you're just
a quick learner. Either way, you have access to those facets of
the Pandemonium Arcanos available to both Spooks and
Haunters (For a complete list, see Guildbook: Haunters).

Nice Abs! (3 point Merit)

By some strange quirk of fate, you have not been too ob-
viously touched by the effects of your constant use of Out-
rage. Your Corpus does show signs of "bulking," but not in the
typically overproportioned fashion of most Spooks. You still


appear physically intimidating (what Spook worth his salt isn't,
after all?), but for all anyone else knows, you might have got-
ten those pecs from being a weightlifter in life. Your husky
build certainly doesn't look like the mark of Outrage; this
fact allows you to move through public situations without
automatically getting red-flagged as a Spook. In practice, this
Merit lessens the difficulty of all your Social rolls by one.

(uick Healer ( point Mert)

Your Corpus heals faster than normal when "struck" by
something in the Skinlands. Quick scrapes heal almost im-
mediately, while more substantial injuries (getting "run over"
by acar, for instance) tend to heal in about half the time they
usually do for other wraiths. This Merit automatically de-
creases the difficulty of all Stamina soak rolls by one. In addi-
tion, substantial injuries require the use of one less point of
Pathos to heal.

lucky Shot (2-4 point Merit)

Every once in a while, the chips just fall your way. When.
this Merit takes effect, a throw or shot that veered off course
somehow mysteriously kicks back on line and hits the bullseye
(all at the Storyteller's discretion, of course). This effect works
in both the Skinlands and Shadowlands, but tends to work
better the more stable the system is. A misplaced throw or hit
in the Skinlands, where gravity works only one way and phys-
ics follow set laws, has a better chance of righting itself than
does one in the middle of the Tempest on the deck of a pitch-
ing dinghy with Spectres strafing your vessel.

In game terms, at Storyteller discretion you can ignore
the results of any Dexterity + Firearms (or similar) roll and
assume three successes. Of course, the Storyteller determines
which rolls this Merit affects...

Bargaining Chip (25 point Merit)

As a Spook, you provide all sorts of services for people
whom, frankly, the Hierarchy would frown upon if it knew
about the kinky little skeletons in their closets. So you've got
one or more things on a couple of key people who might prove
useful if push comes to shove. The level of the Merit depends,
obviously, on the nature of the information and the clout of
the individual involved. A two-point Bargaining Chip might
get a Centurion to turn his Legion's patrol in another direc-
tion away from your hideout, while a five-point Chip might
get that Deathlord off your back, lest you leak the details of
the deal he's cut with Yu Huang. In those specific instances
where you interact with the person in question, all Manipu-
lation rolls have a -1 difficulty.

One or more of your Fetters is an artifact in a museum, or
treasured by its present owners, or in some other place where
the chances of anything happening to it are extraordinarily
slim. You need not Continually poke through the Shraud to
check on its status, and can freely move about the
Shadowlands without a care for the Fetter's future well-be-
ing.

Psychosomatic Disability (3 point Flaw)

Something happened to you on your first use of Outrage.
Either you didn't produce the effect you wanted, or the pro-
cess completely backfired on you. As a result, you feel your-
self prone to slip-ups every now and then whenever you use a
particular form of Outrage (pick a particular art). This ner-
vous tension can manifest itself in several ways, either through
physical clumsiness or inaccuracy (a +1 difficulty on all Dex-
terity rolls), or psychological cold feet, or even a refusal to }}
cut loose with full use of your abilities.

Disorientation (2-4 point Flaw)

Sometimes you get dizzy after using Outrage for a certain
period of time. Your balance is off, focusing on any one point
in the Shadowlands can be painful, and in extreme cases nau-
sea manifests.

Wraiths with this Flaw must make a Stamina roll (diffi-
culty 6-8, depending upon the point cost) to avoid ill effects
after using Outrage more than once in a five-minute span.
The disorienting effects include (but are not limited to); +1
difficulty on all Perception rolls; +1 difficulty on all Stamina
rolls; and +1 difficulty to all rolls involving Outrage.

Slumber removes the effects of this Flaw.

Overkill (4 point flaw)

You didn't mean to hit him/her/it that hard, but you did.
Your excessive enthusiasm is a recurring problem for you, giv-
ing you a tendency to put too much into the Arcanos you use
and thus aggravate both the damage and the mess you cause. |
In addition to this, your apparent inability to exercise some
form of self-control at times increases the accumulation of
temporary Angst by one point each time you use Outrage.

Monitored ( point flaw)

Some Monitor has your number. Admittedly, a Monitor
who knows what he's doing can read anyone's Lifeweb strands,
but knowing this guy's watching you gives you the sensation
of chewing on tinfoil. You have to be exceedingly careful of §
your actions against any of his brethren Guild members, and‘
are constantly aware that he may alert the Hierarchy to your
doings just because.

Chapter Three: The job and How To Do it

d Relics

Every Spook, from the newest Defender to the highest
Commissioner, possesses an arsenal of relics and Artifacts,
either out of personal attachment or functional necessity. Most
Spook relics are personal items, with many of them finding
their way across the Shroud with the help of an Artificer or
two. Others are tools of the trade needed on the other side.

In general, Spook relics and Artifacts come in three cat-
egories: Personal, Local and Issued. Personal items rank barely
above the level of a soulforged object, but often contain spe-
cific properties only accessible to a user of Outrage. Local items
are used by specific Spook Locals in their everyday lines of
work. Spook Locals tend to maintain strict control over Lo-
cal items in order to guard their secrets from outsiders, and
even other Guild members. Sometimes Local items are given
to Spooks outside a particular Local, but that decision is strictly
up to the possessors of the Artifact in question. Issued items
can only be possessed by a Spook with the permission of his
Controller or Boss. These are mostly special Guild weapons
and other instruments of destruction, and get handed out only
to the most trusted and experienced operatives.

Compass (Level |, Local)

Compasses come in many shapes and sizes, but they all
serve the same purpose: to orient the fledgling Spook when
he first starts using Outrage. All a Compass does is maintain a
fix on Stygia, thus giving the Spook who owns the Artifact a
reference point for direction. Once the line to Stygia is estab-
lished, other directions (like up, down and so on) can be es-
tablished relative to that, allowing the Spook to do his dirty
work without disorienting himself. Most Spooks only need a
Compass for a few years at most.

fetter Boutonnieres (evel |, Local)

When a renegade Monitor left that Guild to join a
Lifeliner Local, he taught many of his colleagues a single use
of Lifeweb in order to create a special sort of relic: a Fetter
Boutonniere. Fetter Boutonnieres are often worn by Lifeliner
Spooks to give them an accurate assessment of the status of
their Fetters while they are busy looking out for the Fetters of
clients. These relics are crafted from the funeral bouquets at
the gravesites of wraiths, and connected through a simple ap-
plication of Outrage and Lifeweb to the Fetters of the wraith
wearing them. The status of one or more of a wraith's Fetters
is reflected by the "health" of the Boutonniere. A healthy,
even vividly colored Boutonniere means that the wraith's Fet-
ters are not being threatened. When the Boutonniere begins
to wilt or lose petals, it signifies that a Fetter is in danger as its
connection to the Lifeweb strand stretches and frays.

Guildbook: Spooks

Fetter Boutonnieres are relatively common among
Lifeliners, but they can only be crafted for a Spook from the
flowers at his own gravesite. Obviously, wraiths who did not
receive proper funerals (with requisite floral arrangements) can-
not have relic Boutonnieres crafted for them.

Tempest Top (Level 2, Personal)

A Tempest Top is exactly what it looks like: a child's spin-
ning top. By placing the Top on the ground and spinning it, a
Spook can employ Outrage to create a limited field of disori-
entation around a human or inanimate target. Anything within
nine feet of a Tempest Top in operation is sent spinning drunk-
enly (Wits + Athletics, difficulty 8 to be able to control your
movement) for as long as the Top continues to spin.

Choose Your Weapon

Make it evil. Make it totally clear that this gun
has a right end and a wrong end. Make it totally clear
to anyone standing at the wrong end that things are
going badly for them. This is not a gun for hanging over
the fireplace or sticking in the wnbyella stand, it is a

gun for going out and making people miserable with.

Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of
the Universe

sort,

Every Spook carries a vernon of som
fe relic Louisville

which can range from a simp

Slugger to a finely

Armadar, ¢: eval mace for
up-close work. Blunt instruments are the weap-
ons of choice for Spooks; however, there are a
number of relic guns and other, more modern
bits of machinery floating around in the greater
Guild arsenal.

In the case of more sophisticated artillery, such

Evens (crosehowe.honiksandicthereceh

il, the restrictions on the availability of am-

jon and expenditure of Pathos apply to a
Spook just as with any other wraith. Howeve
the Spooks tend to use such toys with
frequency than pretty much any other
Stygia, Guildwraiths have gotten adept at r
ing their arsenals with a minimum a effort.

The Guild has developed a sort of "languag

in regard to the use of modern-day relic weapons.
The code is easy to understand by anyone unfor-
tunate enough to be targeted by the Spooks. A
Spook on a job first leaves a relic bullet, arrow or
unlit stick of dynamite for the target (the Guild's
equivalent of the fish wrapped in newspaper).
Such an act is the t 's first and last warning. If
the target does not comply with the Guild's "re-
quests," he is then destroyed, with the same relic
ammunition used to send the original message
whenever possible.


Pathos Flasks (Level 2, Lal)

These items are used by the Mementomorians to harvest
and distribute Pathos. Flasks come in several sizes, ranging in
capacity from one to 10 points of Pathos. One-point Flasks
are carried for personal consumption, while 10-point Pathos
Flasks are used to power large machinery in the Shadowlands.

Although called Pathos Flasks, these Artifacts can range
anywhere in size from bottles (one- to three-point Flasks) to
pony kegs or barrels (seven- to 10-point Flasks). When filled
with Pathos, they emit a steady glow. As the Flask is emptied,
the glow subsides until the Pathos runs out. The effect is not
dissimilar in appearance to that of soulfire crystals; there have
been more than a few occasions when a contingent of
Mementomorians has tangled with a squad of Legionnaires
for carrying what appeared to be barrels of forge fuel.

The existence of Pathos Flasks, and their use by the
Spooks, has been steeped in controversy since ancient times.
A Spook needs to bury a Pathos Flask in the ground near a
pre-approved Mementomorian Pathos sink in order to replen-
ish the flask's contents. It takes one full day to recharge every
point of Pathos from a Flask. However, the process of recharg-
ing Pathos Flasks is often fraught with uncertainty. Since Pa-
thos is essentially the distillation of Quick emotion, it is nearly
impossible to predict, let alone direct, the form of emotion
that gets distilled into a given Pathos Flask. Mass Quick emo-
tion being as fickle as it is, the chances of a Pathos Flask

recharging with a full complement of "good" Pathos have got-
ten more and more haphazard with the march of the centu-
ties and the infinite complications of human existence.

In practical terms, this means that a Pathos Flask may
contain any mixture of Pathos and Angst, thereby acting in
the same manner as unrefined fuel. Impure Pathos used to
power a relic machine or automobile may in fact cause the
internal mechanisms to fail at a critical moment (at the dis-
cretion of the Storyteller, of course). A wraith who ingests
impure Pathos from a Flask may experience feelings akin to
sickness, or in extreme cases, a sort of Pathos "poisoning" that
will render her incapacitated, and may well feed her Shadow.

And then there are the Flasks of Liquid Hate. Recharged
at sites of hatred, bigotry and oppression, these Flasks con-
tain pure Hate Pathos. Any wraith who ingests the contents
of a Flask of Liquid Hate automatically gains one to five points
of temporary Angst. Many Restless have fallen straight into
Harrowings immediately upon downing the contents of such
Flasks.

The Mementomorians adamantly maintain that every
reasonable precaution is taken to ensure the purest Pathos
possible from these Flasks. Yet with modernization bringing
more and more technologically complex relics and machines
into the Shadowlands, the demand for Pathos to fuel these
devices continues to rise, and people on the whole aren't nec-
essarily getting any nicer. Mementomorians practice quality
control as meticulously as possible, but the rush to expand

Chapter Three: The job and How To Do it

their control over the vast network of Pathos within the
Stygian Empire leaves the industry prone to slip-ups, cutting
of corners and deliberate sabotage. Still, it remains a thriving
underground economy.

s Guild pays
ttention to the vehicles in which
about. The black relic

Guild members choose to to

Dusenberg limousine is de ur for any Control-

wn the road, you'd better pray

Arma

¢ streamlined

t pull up in f

nt of yo ars and

Defenders tend » with me

and fun val moc

bikes and

relic roads} gn amc
Mo

are considered vulgar

the rank an

rn Lincolns and Caddies

ind characterless by many

the Guild may a sort of mob, but at

. This

Jern-day relic vehicle.

Lot to say

s in someone's trunk,

Pop Box (Level 3, Personal)

Legend has it that a certain Armadar, known as Pop-up,
used to leave a soulforged jack-in-the-box at the scenes of his
crimes as sort of a calling card. When the handle was turned,
soul-steel spikes popped out from all six sides of the box, em-
bedding themselves deep within the hands of the unfortu-
nate person who picked up the "toy." The device became an
instant hit among the younger generation of Spooks, who
began to devise their own versions of this weapon.

Today, those devices (known as Pop Boxes) are used fre-
quently by Spooks, though Pop-up himself might not recog-
nize his creations any longer. The appearance and function-
ality of these weapons has come a long way since the original
prototype, and, depending upon the skill of the Artificer who
crafts them, they can be made to resemble any shape.

Pop Boxes are often left among the rubble of a destroyed
building in the Shadowlands, looking just enough like a clue
to the tragedy for some poor bastard Legionnaire to pick up.
Unfortunately for the Legionnaire who "discovered" it, lift-
ing a Pop Box off the ground triggers the delay spring deep
within its mechanism. After three seconds the Pop Box "pops"
open, driving its spikes deep into whatever part of the Corpus
happens to be closest. Some of the deadlier Pop Boxes can
actually send their contents shooting out from within the Box
itself, in the manner of a fragmentation grenade.

54 Guildbook: Spooks
oS

Pathos id Le Lc)

With all the uncertainty surrounding their trade, some
Mementomorian Locals have developed a system of testing the
percentage of purity of Pathos in a Flask. Pathos Sticks act as
litmus paper for Pathos. They are crafted from the shards of
knowingly pure Pathos Flasks, in a process closely guarded by
the Mementomorians. After a Pathos Stick is dipped into a
Pathos Flask, it glows at a rate comparable to the amount of
"pure" Pathos within the Flask. The purer the contents of the
Flask, the brighter the Pathos Stick glows.

Pathos,Sticks are given (reluctantly) by Mementomorians
to fellow Spooks in exchange for agreed-upon payments. Pa-
thos Sticks are only powerful enough to test the amount of Pa-
thos in a personal-sized (one- to three-point) Flask; dipping a
Pathos Stick into a five-point or higher Pathos Flask only over-
loads the stick and renders the reading worthless.

Barrowhombs (Level 5, issued)

Barrowbombs are the most destructive weapons a Spook
can have in her arsenal. The only way to make a barrowbomb is
to fill an old Pathos Flask with barrowflame in liquid form, which
is collected on the outskirts of those sites where barrowflame is
prevalent. Liquid barrowflame, in contrast to the substance's
normal manifestation, is a relatively stable compound in the
Shadowlands. Of course, by stable one simply means that it can
be handled (with Artifact gauntlets) and stored in containers
without actively incinerating the poor fool collecting it...

However, when a live soulfire crystal (say, one that's been
dropped into the Flask by an urban renewal-minded Spook)
comes into contact with the liquid, a reaction occurs that turns
the liquid into true barrowflame. At this point, the Spook sim-
ply heaves the barrowbomb toward its target, at which point
the container smashes open and acts like a Molotov cocktail.
With a little use of the Affect Speed of Object facet of Outrage,
the barrowflame can be made to spread over a large surface area
much faster than would normally, doing even more damage and
causing even more destruction. Barrowbombs also come in non-
projectile form. A timed release of soulfire crystals into a basin
of liquid barrowflame can be used to create either a stationary
incendiary device, or one of Vanderwal's personal favorites, the
good old-fashioned time bomb.

Barrowbombs are most commonly found in hand-held form;
the availability of obtainable liquid barrowflame precludes the
use of skyscraper-leveling devices with any regularity. Usually a
10-point barrowbomb will take out anything up to and includ-
ing a relic Sherman tank with little difficulty. However, there
have, over the centuries, been enough explosions of such
Schwarzeneggerean proportion to dispel any doubts about the
Spooks' ability to roll out a 100-point behemoth when the situ-
ation warrants it.

Note: Barrowflame sticks to its targets like glue and must
be scraped off, or it will continue to inflict damage. Removing
barrowflame safely takes a Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty
8); the number of successes indicates the number of points'
worth of barrowflame harmlessly scraped off. A botch means
that the poor idiot trying to remove the barrowflame has in-
stead managed to get some on himself, to predictable effect.

Barrowbomb Statistics

Pathos Fla: Blast Radius — Corpus Damage

Capacity
1-2 points 6 feet

+ points 12 feet

6 points 18 feet 5 Leve
7-8 points 24 feet 7 Levels

9-10 points 30 feet 9 Levels

DODISS

>a

Despait's Helm (Level 5, Unique)

Leave it to the Harrowsmiths to create something like
this. Inspired by the tortures inflicted upon Despair, the
Haunter who crossed the Spooks' path centuries ago, a few of
the more enterprising interrogation specialists among the
Harrowsmiths created this device in order to facilitate their
questioning of exceedingly recalcitrant victims.

Despair's Helm is a full-face helmet with an opening in
the top into which soulfire crystals can be placed. The idea
behind this ingenious chapeau is that once the soulfire crys-
tals are inserted, they begin to eat away at the Corpus of the
wearer, with the rate of erosion dependent upon how spent
the individual crystals are. The unlucky wearer loses one Cor-
pus Level for every hour the Helm is worn, and suffers agoniz-
ing pain all the while as his Corpus slowly vaporizes. After all
of a wraith's temporary Corpus Levels are expended, he falls
into a Harrowing. Unfortunately, the Helm falls with the vic-
tim into the Harrowing, and re-emerges with him assuming
he survives.

At that point, the Helm's function changes slightly.
Rather than eating away at temporary Corpus (of which the
victim doesn't have much, anyway), it starts wearing away
his permanent Corpus instead. The results, from this point,
are predictable

Despair's Helm operates on the same level as a nuclear
arsenal; that is, its power comes more from the sheer threat of
its use. The Harrowsmiths have never had to resort to using
the Helm on anyone, or so they say, so theoretically there's
no reason to believe that it's anything more than a funny hat.
Yet no one doubts the authenticity of the Artifact, and for
obvious reasons no one wants to be the test case.

7


"What kind of life is that?" I said.
"Tes the life he's got. Don't get all gooey about it. You'd walked into your place and he'd have put half a dozen .45-caliber slugs
in your face. And liked it."
— Robert B. Parker, Walking Shadow

At its heart, the Spooks' Guild has always been a patchwork. Conceived
in rebellion, it still maintains a healthy anarchic streak. Its structure and
activities coalesced from a combination of administrative necessity and
opportunity. Though its members' methods are not subtle, the Guild's
power runs like fine threads through the fabric of Stygian society. A Spook
is a killer and a kingmaker, a savior and a shark. A Spook is what she
does, and what she does is always in furtherance of The Cause.

handful of civilians, so as to make an example for the rest of

4 4
esistance fighter a
Needing the Hierarchy like another hole in your head,

you fell right into fighting the same foes in new forms. But

Quote: I gave my life for what I thought was right. Now I'm _ the memory of those innocent men and women gunned down

fighting for what I know is right. The enemy's still the same, but with you that day continued to gnaw at you, and your Ren-

the stakes are even higher. egade colleagues were too concerned with their own matters

Prelude: You were always a combative sort at the univer- to give you any real help. It wasn't long before you fell in with

sity. You could argue modern politics and classical philosophy _a band of Lifeliners. They offered exactly what your new tal-
with the best of them, and it didn't matter who your oppo- ents and old wounds needed.

nent was — students, professors and visiting Nobel lecturers
all looked the same through your forensic crosshairs. Pretty
soon the university halls weren't big
enough to hold you, and you took
your opinions to the street

corners and
underground
magazines.
You fancied (
yourself a
modern-day
Voltaire or Thomas
Paine or Lenin, and with the
atmosphere of the continent looking
more and more like war every day, your l=
speeches got more and more vociferous.

Then the occupying forces rolled in
and took the city where you lived. When
the soldiers hit the university quarter, the first
thing they did was line up the entire faculty of
your department and shoot the lot as enemies of the
state. You and the rest of your classmates dove into
the resistance movement for cover, and there you
learned fast to put your money where your mouth had
been. Day after day, as you watched the hostile forces
take away more and more innocent people to places
you'd rather not imagine, your little band of rebels c
did their best to sabotage the murderers' objectives. A,

4 fi
You made some progress: a trashed vehicle here, a Yr
refugee successfully hidden there, but there were
so few of you and so many of them.

One night the risks you had been taking
caught up with you. Your last accomplishment jy
had been blowing up a guard post outside fiayse
the city and killing three of the enemy. The /J
commanding officer put a price on your
head, and one of your own turned traitor. [\¥
The soldiers came straight to the hideout
in the upper room of the house and ar-
rested everyone. At dawn the next day
you and your crew were executed in
the town square, along with a 4

58 Guildbook: Spooks

Concept: Death hasn't extinguished your inner fire. As
an Armadar attached to a Local in a relatively volatile area of
the Shadowlands, you spend as much

time fighting off Legionnaires as

you do taking in clients. The
-, Lifeliner Local provides you
with good contacts and as
much in the way resources as
they're capable of offering,
» but your innately confronta-
* tional style has you going off
on your own many times in
* J search of old comrades or
the souls of those civilians
who perished with you that
morning. You have never
forgotten the Judas who sold
you and your gang out, and
~ ..' constantly keep your Guild

channels open for any news of
his whereabouts.

Roleplaying Notes: Be-
tween your Guild responsibili-
\_ ties and personal demons, you
almost have a little too much
on your plate. Throw as much
_ energy into educating your De-
fenders as possible, both in tac-
tics and propaganda about
. The Cause. They are your

-legacy, God forbid, should
wt, ou be destroyed before ever
completing your personal
tasks.
Relics: Working
sidearm with ammo, lists
of contacts and safe

houses, copy of Lenin's
What Is To Be Done?


‘) Execution Site

POSS (op ~Oococo
©COCCOCOCCOCOS O68

Name: Nature: Rebel life: Student
Player: Demeanor:; Marty» Death; Fining Squad
Chronicle: Shadow: The Delver Reet: Pressing Innocents
Attrib f Into the Fray
[IES poco ococ ccc ope mcooce
Physical Social Mental
Strength. 9@@00 Charisma. @@000 Perception.
Dexterity. @@@@0 = Manipulation. @00 Intelligence.
Stamina @@@00 Appearance. @00 Wits.
Tas dil Inv
Alertness. Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. @@000
Athletics, Drive. @@000 Computer. 00000
Awareness, Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas. 00000
Brawl Firearms. @OO Investigation, 00000
Dodge Leadership. @@000 Law. 00000
Empathy. Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics. OO0000
Expression. Melee. @0000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, Performance. 00000 Occult, 00000
Streetwise. Repair. OOOOO Politics. @@000
Subterfuge. Stealth, @@000 Science. @®0000
Backgrounds Passions Arcanoi
panes @@000 Make Restitutimto oo000 Cutrase ss @@@00
Contacts (0000 "Civilians (Forgiveness) @@@@q@ Pardemonium _@0000
Eidolon @@000 Fight Hierarchy _Q0000 2nhabit @0000
Memoriam @@000 (Fanaticism) @e0@00 00000
|, Notoriety @@000 Destroy Judas 00000 00000
00000 (Revenge) 68000 00000
00000 60000 00000


the police chief and half your colleagues on the city council.
The mayor may have been the man in the big office, but you
were the one really running the show.

You made a lot of friends on your climb to the top, and
Quote: When you've got them by the Fetters, their hearts just as many enemies. One night, after hours in your office,
and minds will follow. the brother of a local politician you had driven out of office

Prelude: You came from the old neighborhood, where showed up at City Hall and beat you to death with a tire iron.
everybody knew everybody else and people looked out foreach After you were safely dead, your career was fair game for the
other. And no one looked out for your neighborhood more _ press, who dragged it liberally through the muck. Your con-
than the local alderman. He made sure everyone who needed _ stituents, however, gave you a funeral procession worthy of
it had a job, and that the streets were safe and people royalty through the old neighborhood.
were left in peace. So what if he had to slip In the Shadowlands, you fit into the Hierarchy with ease,
a few hundreds under the table to the lo- eventually becoming the Regent of a good-sized Necropolis.
cal cops? He was the man you went to Then one day a representative from the Guild came to
when you were in trouble, the man your office and made a tantalizing offer. They went on
you looked up to for help. He and on about The Cause (which you were only half-lis-
fought for you and your family tening to), but you fixated on what this guy was really
and friends. offering: access to a powerful political network that, for

You wanted to get all intents and purposes, ran the show. You
into his circle of jumped at the chance, and soon became a Con-
friends, so you started troller of the region's Gray Local.
volunteering for his Concept: If there's such a thing as a
reelection cam- double agent in this line of work, you're it.
paign. At first you You remain a hard-working Regent, but
did simple things, your new friends and contacts through the
like ringing door- Spooks have given you leverage on your
bells and stuffing Anacreon comparable to that which you
envelopes, but the enjoyed in life. You have a small army at
alderman took a lik- your command, and don't hesitate to
ing to your enthusi- bring it in should the situation warrant.
asm and dedication, ‘* Your bureaucratic buddies hate your
and made you one guts, to be sure, but what can they do?
of his public rela- You haven't been connected to any-
tions people. That thing anyone can prove. Be-
lasted for a couple of sides, they
years, until the alderman know that
retired his seat and handed you can
it over — to you. It was a crush them
dream come true. anytime you feel like

Or so you thought at the
time. You soon learned that
you needed solid-steel guts
to survive in the abat-
toir of municipal poli-
tics. Everybody was
tearing each other's

Roleplaying Notes: You loved
the limelight of your supporters and con-
stituents in life, and take pains to preserve the
same image of amiability in death. Come across
as the friend of the common wraith; it's all in the
way you market yourself. Behind closed doors,
throats out for the same though, you cannot let anyone forget who's re-
thin sliver of the pie, and you'd ally in charge in this neck of the Underworld.
be damned if your old neighborhood didn't get the lion's share. Relics: Lodge pin, old campaign button, key to the city
You found yourself needing to do things that would make your _ (self-awarded, of course)

old mentor blanch: dispersing brute squads, smashing up op-

ponents' storefront election offices, hiring private eyes to dig

up scandals. Pretty soon the business of deviousness was all

that you were concerned with. You had stuff on the mayor,

Guildbook: Spooks


life Politician

Player Demeanor: Bureancrat Death: Bludgeoning
Chronicle: Shadow: The Perfectionist Regret: Not Being Mayor
Physical Social Nertal

(OO Charisma. OO Perception.

Dexterity.
Stamina

O Manipulation. @O00 Intelligence.
@@0O = Appearance. @@000 Wits.

Tents Skill Krovledges
Alertness, 00000 Crafts. OOO0OO _ Bureaucracy, @@e00
Athletics, 00000 Drive. QO0O00O = Computer. 00000
Awareness_____——s ®@OOO Etiquette. @@@00 Enigmas. 00000
Brawl OOOOO Firearms. OOOO Investigation, 00000
Dodge, OO00OO Leadership. @e00@0 Law @@000 4) -
Empathy____ @@@OO = Meditation. @@000 Linguistics, 00000 | //
Expression, OO Melee. 00000 Medicine, 00000 |\\ &
Intimidation @O Performance. 00000. Occult 00000 |
Streetwise OOOOO Repair. Q0000 Politics @@000
Subterfuge. @@000 Stealth. OOOOO Science. 00000 *
Advantages
Passions
Become Anacreon ___OO000
Ambition) __ ©0880
Increase Status Among OOO000
Quick (Egotiem) _ @@@@O
Enlarge Power Base _OQO000

fRewer) __— @@OOO
00000

FOC Ooo-« (ips Copco,
@e@eeeeeeeeed
OO00000000

spooc~ Wilner coccoc

@@e5«a@aee00000 Tainted Relic (5) :
QOO0000000 Meanpicetmene i

Passions &
HOt (ill Mats CoCo: DOS Pills Dooce, Betray Greyloca @@@00 ‘é "
BEBE GBBBBQ Serer 00000 (§


Pat as Sugoer :

Quote: Let's face it. People are gonna use Pathos. And it's
dangerous for amateurs to try and get it themselves. One hit of a
bad batch of the stuff and they're sucking instant Spectre juice. I
take all the guesswork out of it. I get them good quality at a reason-
able price. It's just business.

Prelude: You learned pretty fast in life that all people,
no matter who they were, want something for nothing. It
started in college, where you had a knack for spiriting exam
questions out of departmental secretaries and selling them to
anyone who could pay your price. When the administration
finally caught you and booted you off campus, you drifted
around for a couple of years hustling small caches of lifted
swag on the streets. The local criminal elements were
more bemused than angered at your entrepreneurial
spirit, and it wasn't long until one of their repre-
sentatives invited you to join the family, as it were.

You started hijacking trucks and sneaking
goods across state lines, and got pretty good
at it. Living in a city within shouting
distance of the Canadian border, you
graduated to running all sorts of
shipments past the boys at the
border: furs, jewelry, drugs, sto-
len art, electronics. Anything
was fair game, and the money
rolled in like water through a
sluice gate. You weren't
squeamish about defending
your hoard, either. One
day an overeager cus-
toms official caught
you and a couple of
the boys on the
docks at 3 A.M. He
didn't do anything
about it, though —
not after a round
from your .45 blew
what brains he had
all over the pave-
ment. That did it for
your career, though.

The feds sat on the city «
like a sumo wrestler,
and the bosses fig-
ured you were too

hot to keep
around. The next
border run you

62 Guildbook: Spooks

did, they wired your skiff with so much C-4 that all it left was
a line in the police blotter.

The quick score was too easy for you to pass up even in
death, and you latched on to a group of Mementomorian
Spooks practically right after you tore through your Caul. You
mainly control the distribution aspect of the operation for
your Local, sneaking Pathos, Artifacts, oboli and the occa-
sional haul of souls right under the Legions' noses. The job's
just as dangerous, but the adrenaline fires just as fast and furi-
ous as it did for you back in life.

Concept: You specialize in getting things from point A
to point B, often through the most ingenious methods: smug-
gling liquid Pathos in with souls bound for Stygia with the
help of crooked Reapers, ferreting relics and Artifacts around
with traveling Renegade bands, and other tricks too numer-

ous to mention. You've built up a nice-sized net-
work of buyers for whatever you've got to sell, and
know the habits of the Legion detachments well
enough so that you can reach point B with mini-
mal hassle.

Roleplaying Notes: The

Mementomorian Local you belong

to thinks it's the last band of
Capone's rumrunners. Al-
though the conceit is
pleasantly nostalgic at
times, it can also be frus-
trating, since many of your
colleagues don't go in for
your slightly more up-to-
date methods. Do what-
ever it takes to keep the
channels for your prod-
uct open, be it with
money or more final
methods. You need
your customers as much
as they need the Pathos
you sell them.
Relics: Swiss army
knife, cell phone, wallet with
numerous identities


A

:) Harbor Where you @@@0@

Name: Nature: "Suarvivor life; Smuggler

Player: Demeanor: Gambler Death: Explosion

Chronicle: Shadow; Mr. Adventure Regret: eee ne
Physical Sori Nett

Strength, @@@@0 Charisma. @@000 Perception,

Dexterity. @O0O0 = Manipulation. @O Intelligence.
Stamina, @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @@000 Catt. OOOOO Bureaucracy. OO0000 iG
Athletics 00000 Drive @@0@00 Computer. @@000 |
Awareness, @@@00 Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas. 00000 |)
Firearms______——s ®@@@OO Investigation. OOO00O0
Leadership. OOOOO Law. @0000
Empathy. OOOOO Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics. @0000 |
Expression, OOOOO Melee. @@000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, OOOOO Performance. OO0000 Occult, OOOOO |
Streetwise. @@000 Repair. @@000 Politics, 00000
Subterfuge, @@000 Stealth, @@@00 Science. @@000 *
Backgrounds Passions Arcanoi Bs
Zales @@000 pilot the Big Score' 00000 Outrage ___ @@@@0 _
Contacts 000 (Greed ececcee Lifeweb —____@0000
oe 0000 Get Back At Those Whe00000 ~ ——_00000
| Notoriety ©0000' tyni Bavenae) Sees T eo 8200000
00000 Stay Loyal To Guild __ 00000 ———90000
00000 (Loyalty) @0000 sess ss O00

00000 GOOG ae EE SRENHOG O00.

Died OOO00O
Safe House _@@®®00
Eirst.45 you owned®®000
OO00O0
OO0000
Hoe-o-e (ull Mis OOcCoo. FOCOeOo-€ Paths Cooooe. ca te 00000
F BEB BBOODDD Leste tate) —___00@eo |
Bulking Up ea ee eS i


Harrowsmih interrogator

this...

Prelude: You were orphaned very young and
bounced around the state foster care system. Going
from one abusive home to another, you finally became
unmanageable. The system put you in a state-run
orphanage, but by then it was too late. One night
you sneaked out of bed and through the darkened
halls to the director's office, where you surprised him
and his secretary engaged in a little after-hours recre-
ation. Neither of them were afraid when you walked
in, only embarrassed, but that changed when they saw
you had a knife liberated from the kitchen.

You slit her throat quickly. He was not so lucky.
You cut him slowly, painfully, his screams echoing
through the building like a dying animal. You pulled
his spent, hacked body over that of his dead secre-
tary and set the place on fire. The office went up in
flames, and soon after that the entire orphanage.
You watched from across the street and saw a ca-
reer opening up before you.

You drifted from there into a gang of toughs
and soon became feared on the street — a rep as a
"fixer" can be a good thing to have. Rival gang
members who crossed your team soon found
themselves visited by you and your portable hor-
ror show. After you got hold of them, your vic-
tims would have confessed to anything just
to stop the agony. One day, you bit off more
than you could chew, and paid a
visit to the leader of a
rival gang. Oh, there
wasn't much left of
your "subject" when
you were done, but
his troops decided
they were going to
take you down in
revenge. You
laughed off the
threat at first, but it's
hard to laugh off half
aclip from a Tec-9 in
the face.

The Council of
Inquisitors, while al-
ways on the lookout for
new talent, thought you were too

Guildbook: Spooks

volatile even for them. The Bedlameers thought you were too
vulgar for their tastes. You disappeared from sight, but soon
hooked up with a strike force of Harrowsmiths. You were per-
fectly willing to devote yourself to The Cause if doing so let

Quote: One last chance, pal. Give me the name of the guy You continue the experiments you perfected in life.
you're working for and I'll let you go. Don't make me have to do

Concept: You specialize in hunting down and prying in-
formation out of turncoats within the Guild. You've
learned quite a few strange things you can do with both
your Arcanos and your innate ability to inflict pain on

the Corpus of a wraith, and you love to experiment.

You've also become quite proficient in psychological ma-
nipulation, stretching the last thread of sanity in the
mind of a victim until it snaps and he plunges into a
Harrowing — not before he gives you the goods on the

Guild's enemies, though. Your actions have a purpose,

after all. The glee you get from watching the Guild's
enemies suffer is just a fringe benefit.

Roleplaying Notes: Stay calm and in control.
Full-blown psychosis just isn't effective in your line
of work. Simply telling your marks exactly what
you're going to do to them, steadily and calmly, is

much more effective. Half of them break before you

have to reach for the first blade.
Relics: Your "bag of tricks," plus any relics
that strike your fancy and are "donated" by your
victims.


Name: Nature: "Driven life: Gang Member
Player Demeanor, Bravo Death: Drive By
icle: . The Rager . Never having
Chronicle: Shadow: ie fests Never hn
Physical Social Mental
Strength. (OO Charisma. OO Perception. @@000
Dexterity. @O Manipulation. OO Intelligence. @@000
Stamina. @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits. @@000
PO00-0-0-0-0-0-0-O-2 OOD OOO Abilities Sooo e COO OCC OOP DOO OOOS
Talents Sls Kroledges
Alertness Crfs____— 00000 Bureaucracy, 00000
Athletics. Drive OOOO = Computer. 00000
Awareness, Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas. 00000
Brawl, Firearms. @@@00 Investigation, 00000
Dodge. Leadership. OOOOO Law. 00000
Empathy. Meditation, @@000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression, Melee. @@000 Medicine. O00
Intimidation, Performance. OOO0O0O Occult, @@000
Streetwise. Repair, OOOOO Politics. 00000
Subterfuge. Stealth, @0000 Science, @@000
Badgounds Passions Arca
Contacts Torture Foster _—@@e@@0 Cutrage  _—s— 0 00
Haunt Filone SHidicls 00000 Pandemonium __ @®000
Mentor (avanses O00 Ee E BNGGO00
Notoriety Learn New Talents 00000 ————______00000
Status ee QOO00:
00000
00000
MOCO-He (Ips COocoe. FOO OO Mit mooooe
.| Gong Hideout _@e@eee @@@@ 00000 ©0808 66000
Former Ste of 00000 9000000000 GaGaagnDgn dtu
Eoster Home @e0e00
OO0000 »2-0-0-0- Willpower Coco: Aura of Cor iption
00000 @@@@@@0000 Infamy
90000 QOOOOOODO00 Zainted Relic

HrOe-o-€ (yil{ Nas OOOO Dooce fiths Doocoo. tums om Home| ooo00 {


It is a world in which gangsters can rule nations and almost rule cities, in which hotels and apartment houses and celebrated

restaurants are owned by men who made their money out of brothels, in which a screen star can be the finger man for a mob, and
the nice man down the hall is a boss of the numbers racket...
— Raymond Chandler, "The Simple Art of Murder"

Artemus Vanderwal

Artemus Vanderwal, the Boss of the Five Boroughs Com-
bination and de facto spokesman for the Gray Gangs on the
Commission of Five, has given his more entrenched Com-
missioner colleagues a run for their money ever since being
appointed to his post. A black marketer in Amsterdam dur-
ing its Nazi occupation in World War II, Vanderwal brought
a mixture of resourcefulness, ruthlessness and contempt for
rigidity to his post as Commissioner. In his short term as Boss,
he has organized the Gray Gangs, taking them from a dis-
jointed pack of thugs into a well-oiled network of neighbor-
hood ward bosses and protectors for nearly every major
Necropolis in the Stygian Empire. He is rumored to have been
responsible for the events leading up to the resignation of the
last Anacreon of the Silent Legion of New York, Charles
Francis Quintain, capping the campaign with the hijacking

Guildbook: Spooks

and liberation of a major caravan of souls bound for the Si-
lent Lord himself. And talk within the Spooks' Guild itself
has Vanderwal pushing among his fellow Bosses to oust the
other four Commissioners and replace them with candidates
more to his liking. He may just have the votes to do so.

To many Spooks, Artemus Vanderwal is the most dan-
gerous person to come out of the Guild in its long history. To
many others he is a folk hero, the unsinkable Boss, the John
Gotti of the Underworld. Vanderwal is well-aware of his im-
age in the eyes of his supporters and detractors, both within
and without the Guild, and he does his damnedest to encour-
age the larger-than-life image both camps have branded him
with. Although he will never admit it to an outsider, Artemus
Vanderwal believes in The Cause as fiercely, if not more so,
as many of his colleagues. What he saw during his days as a
smuggler and fence under the heel of Hitler's war machine
convinced him of the need to fight the good fight. Years of
playing con games and building an intricate web of contacts
and power plays have simply made him reticent to advertise

having such ideals.


alty: death. His lawyer, needing evidence to clear him, gave
the case to his old college roommate Briscoe, half out of pity
and half out of desperation.

Briscoe took the case and proceeded with his usual me-
andering methods, until something extraordinary happened
— he began to believe the suspect was innocent. Suddenly
Briscoe was a man transformed, retracing the dead girl's steps
that night, re-interviewing possible witnesses, combing over
forensic reports. For his pains, Briscoe got foul looks and closed 4
mouths every step of the way. His agency's answering machine §
filled with crank calls and death threats. Still Briscoe perse-
vered, calling in whatever small favors he had left to solve
the case. He accused the police and the DA's office of rail-
roading a black man into the gas chamber. He made public
denouncements of the mayor. He ignored subpoena orders §
from judges who wanted to see what he had, calling them §
partners in the unfolding travesty. Roger Briscoe dared the
entire world to stop him from proving his client innocent 4
and bringing the £
real killer to jus-
tice. One night"
returning to his
office, he was cut
down by
three marksman's
bullets fired from
amoving car. And
the original victim's
boyfriend? He was
executed in the chair
two years later.

Oger Briscoe

You'd have to have been pretty desperate to go to Roger
Briscoe. A private investigator from New Orleans, Briscoe
specialized in divorce cases back in his breathing days. His
work had him perched on countless fire escapes and peering
through innumerable keyholes to dig up the dirt on suspect
spouses. His milieu was the gutters and back alleys of the city,
and his ethics mirrored those with whom he regularly con-
sorted: the whores, dealers, pimps and thugs. He was cheap,
weasely and often half-drunk on the job — in short, a mess.

At least he was, until the day a young white coed from
Tulane was found raped and murdered on the outskirts of the
campus. The dead girl's boyfriend, a young black man, was
the last to see her alive, and eventually wound up being
charged with the crime. Everyone, from the press to the DA's
office to churches and the mayor, wanted the maximum pen-


Roger Briscoe reached the Shadowlands flummoxed by his
failure to prove the young man innocent. He was Reaped by a
gang of Renegades, who slapped him in chains, but these slavers
found their caravan waylaid on an insignificant Byway by a
group of Gray Gangsters. Picking over the prisoners, the Spooks
pulled Briscoe from the chain gang and invited him to join
them. Puttering around with the group of Defenders who res-
cued him from the coffers of Stygia, Briscoe eventually
joined up with the Lifeliners.

Roger Briscoe has never really been much of a
team player. He rose quickly to the rank of Armadar
for the sole purpose of building an independent
client base. Briscoe holds court in his old office
building on Bourbon Street in the New Orleans
Necropolis. He is now a Lifeliner, and hires
himself out to lost and desperate souls
in much the same fashion as he
did in life. There's a difference
now, though. Briscoe has a re-
newed fire for protecting the
weak and a sense of honor
which his Skinlands existence
never really afforded him un-
til his last unsolved case. He
can often be found walking
the humid, frenetic streets of
the French Quarter, still
searching for the answers to
the one case that will haunt
him for eternity.

cn

elix "Tix
essian

The most widely renowned

mercenary among the Spooks,
Felix Hessian's career goes back

j to his days as a slugger in Al
Capone's Chicago syndicate. In
life, Hessian made a name for him- ‘
self as an arsonist and demolition man in
the early days of Prohibition, torching ware-
houses and wiring bombs all over the Windy City. When he
died at the hands of a hitter from a rival gang, Hessian natu-
rally gravitated to the Spooks' Guild, and found a place with a
Mementomorian Local. Felix Hessian picked up on the more
subtle operations of Spooks' pet Arcanos; it wasn't long before
he was torching and bombing on both sides of the Shroud with

70 ~ —— Guildbook: Spooks

sie

the same energy he had once exhibited for Scarface Capone him-
self.

Known universally as Fix, Hessian is considered to be the }
Guild's top torch man. He is a Mementomorian, active in the
distribution of Pathos to wraiths, and nominally employed by
Artemus Vanderwal. Fix, however, is his own man. He offers his
services to any Controller or Boss who is willing to pay his unique |

price: One day, Fix will come and ask for a favor, and what-
ever it is, his client must do it for him. It seems simple
enough, but Fix's favors often carry a much larger price
than his clients ever expected. Yet, curiously, no one has |
ever welched on him. S
Fix takes a good deal of pride in his work, even |
going so far as to sign it on occasion. He is never afraid |
of letting everyone know who blew up that old fac-
tory on the outskirts of the Necropolis, who |
, started the fire in that Skinlands office that }
enabled it to reconstitute as a relic, or who
barrow-bombed the Anacreon's relic lim-
ousine, complete with Anacreon. No Le-
gionnaire who has seen a massive pile of |
rubble spewing black fire and prominently
marked with the letters F-I-X ever forgets
who the perpetrator was. That's exactly

Nickey the |

BY Curse Doyle

It seems incredible, but there was a |
{| time when it was great to be a Red Sox
$y) fan. Back around the turn of the cen-
tury, before the Yankees became the
team, the Red Sox were perennial pow-
ethouses in the American League. Cy
Young, the greatest pitcher in the game,
was the ace.of the Red Sox pitching staff
for most of the first decade of the 1900s.
Tris Speaker led the Fenway nine to three
World Series titles during the 19-teens. And
the Beantowners had a phenomenal pitcher and
slugger in a young man from Baltimore named George Herman
Ruth — the Babe.

Mickey Doyle was a sensational young catcher from west-
er Massachusetts whose one dream was to catch Babe Ruth.
His dream became a reality when the Red Sox signed the tough
little Irishman at the end of the 1919 season, promising him
that when the Babe took the mound on Opening Day, 1920,
Mickey Doyle would be behind the plate.


It never happened. Babe Ruth was traded to the hated
New York Yankees in the off-season, and Mickey Doyle was
crushed. Like every other Red Sox fan that winter, he couldn't
believe it. Trade the Babe? How was that possible?

Unlike most of the fans, however, Mickey Doyle could
talk to the owner, Harry Frazee. A few days after the trade,
Mickey went to see Frazee, demanding to know why he had
traded the Red Sox's star player. Doyle had signed a contract
hoping to play with the Babe, and with that in mind he de-
manded to be traded to New York, to follow his idol. Doyle
was rebuffed by the owner, who said that he was a member of
the Red Sox whether he liked it or not, and if he knew what
was good for him he'd show up to spring training and like it.

Mickey was crushed. He stood there and said that he'd
never play for an owner as stupid as Frazee. He said he'd rather
die than put ona Red Sox uniform after the trade of the Babe.
And he swore that if he had anything to do with it, the Red
Sox would never win another World Series again.

Ever.

Mickey Doyle stormed out of the building — and straight
into the path of an oncoming streetcar. He was killed instantly,
crushed under the trolley's wheels.

When a passing squad of Shroudbreakers found Mickey
Doyle, he refused to leave the confines of Fenway Park. With
acollective shrug and grin, the squad found a use for
Mickey as a sentinel, setting him up to watch this
section of the Shroud in the middle of the Bos-
ton Necropolis. Mickey pledged himself to watch
over Fenway and its environs. His mostly disin-
terested Armadar let him. And Mickey watched,
and waited, at the bandbox of a park that became
his one and only Fetter.

In his entire tenure at Fenway, Mickey Doyle
has crossed the Shroud a total of four times:

In the 1946 World Series, he took hold of the base-
ball from a shortstop named Pesky, who was trying to
throw out a Cardinal runner breaking for home in the
ninth inning. The throw came too late. The run scored.
The Red Sox lost.

In 1975, he stood in the way of a catcher named Fisk as
he tried to catch a pop-up. The catcher swore he was inter-
fered with, but the umpire called the runner safe. The Red
Sox lost.

In 1978, on the last day of the regular season, Mickey sat
atop the Green Monster, the 37-foot-high wall in left field
that is a signature of Fenway Park, and helped a ball hit by a
scrawny Yankee shortstop named Dent carry over the wall.
The Yankees won the game, and the American League East
as well. The Red Sox never made it to the Series.

And in 1986, Mickey Doyle traveled to the Necropolis
of New York, where he stood on the first-base line and turned
an easy out for a fielder named Buckner into one of the most
unforgettable moments in World Series history. The ball

skipped through his legs. The run scored. And again, the Red
Sox lost the Series.

His fellow Defenders have given Mickey Doyle an ap-
propriate nickname. They call him the Curse. For close to
eight decades, Mickey Doyle has patrolled the streets around
one of baseball's oldest parks. As he checks for Renegades in
the clubs along Lansdowne Street, watches the vacant lots at
the end of Yawkey Way for impending signs of a Nihil open-
ing and tangles with the odd Legionnaire on Brookline Av-
enue, Curse Doyle feeds off the despair and frustration of four
generations of Red Sox fans, a despair he creates. He wears
his old Red Sox uniform, which never saw a single game. But
Mickey Doyle remains a true baseball fan, a fan whose dream
was permanently deferred. And sadly, he can find
no greater joy than reminding ev-
ery Fenway follower of the stu-
pidity, hubris and greed of
the owner who crushed
his hopes.

Appendix: Friends With Long Guns 1


Attributes recCScOC OC COPED EOC. |i
si
@0O000 Charisma. @0000 Perception, @0000 |

@0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence @0000 »
@OO00O0 Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000 |

Toes ail Inonlas i
Alertness. OOOOO Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. 00000 @
Athletics. OOOOO Drive. OOOOO Computer. OO000 4
Awareness, OOOOO Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas, 00000 4
Brawl O0000 Firearms 00000 Investigation, 00000 |}
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Law. 00000 |
Empathy. OOOOO Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics, OOO000 j
Expression, 00000 Melee. 00000 Medicine 00000 ||
| Intimidation___O 0000 Performance. 00000 Occult f
Sueetwie____ SC OOOOO Repair. OOOOO Politics,
Subterfuge____———SSOOOO00 Stealth. OOOOO Science,

Passions

OO00O0
00000
OO0000
OOO00O0
OO000
00000

Bulking Up


Apparent Age. Gender,
Height.
Weight.

Dark Passions
00000 |
00000 |


Guild Status

Relics


Cost

flaw

Type

Bonus

0000

0000

0000

00000

Total:

Total Spent On

OO000

0000

00000

00000

00000

Ancient/New Arts Known

Standing

Guild Contacts,

Apprenticedto:

‘Weapon

Difficulty

Damage

Conceal

Range

Rate

Brawling Table

Bite
Punch,
Grapple
Claw
Kick
Bodyslam


See those sad women who had left their needle
shuttle, and spindle to become diviners;

they cast ther spells with herbs and ellis,

— Dante Alighieri, The inferno, Canto XX




Chronicle ofa life foretold

sqq) ctavia walked swiftly into the marbled
RW! bowels of the Temple, her tentacled mask
tucked under one arm. She strode far too
quickly, nearly running, but then, she
could not afford to tarry. Her soft footfalls

echoed down the corridors, and her steps
= took sharp and tangled turns in directions
the eye had trouble following.

She swung open the heavy doors with a fat hand, burst-
ing into the hidden antechamber to join the flurry of activity.
The doors had not even shut behind her before she announced,
"As it was said, the Monitors have been ‘Fixed."

"As it was said, so it has been." The chorus of voices re-
sponded instinctively.

Finnegan tapped his fingers in quick staccato on his po-
dium and erased the chalkboard with a smear of his sleeve.
He jotted down new white numbers on gray slate. "Fixed odds
— my favorite! Closing numbers on 30-to-1, outside bets at
2-to-12, our favor. Ante up, dearies, the game plays on."

A gaggle of runners halted their tasks and rushed the
bookie with small purses of oboli. The Gambler sank behind ))j
a sea of togas, batik wraps, stained robes and leather jackets, 9
each wraith clamoring to make his bid. Octavia eyed her own
wager on the board, and mentally counted the return off of ¥
her hiring fee from the Sandman Guildmaster. Considering
her insider information, it had been a wise investment over 3
all.

"Very good." The flat tone came from the orchestrator of
the mayhem, a willowy Delphic priestess with an aura of com-
mand. She stopped placing markers on the wall map stretched
before her and addressed no one in particular, "Tell Percf to
confirm his Sighting. Let the Deathlords have their answer,
and steer them into the Labyrinth with the others." Ananony- }
mous figure detached from the wall and fled out the door with
a flicker of hems. The line of similar servants inched forward}
by one place and quietly stood, ready for any command. "Your
calculations were correct, as usual, Finnegan. Does your Dealer
worry about his continued seat on the Pantheon with you
around?"

The Irishman shrugged wide shoulders amidst the dying ¢
commotion, "What he doesn't know, doesn't hurt me." The @/?
priestess smiled momentarily in response.

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, part Vil 19

"Deidre?" the 28th Pythian hesitantly interrupted her
superior. "Requests are flooding the system, the Lemures don't
know what to do. We cannot keep Oracles from reporting
visions to their clients without pre-emptive screening. Too
many Guilds and independents have sought services since the
last Guild meeting. To dismiss so many petitioners would be
inappropriate and highly suspect. Even the Hierarchy's agents
wait at our doors, and they are not known for their patience."

Deidre, fourth Pythian, looked unconcerned as she traced
more lines of the Web. "You played them well, Octavia. ‘The
Guildmasters' have kicked over an anthill, and now they try
to round up the ants. They are too afraid to make any deci-
sive action before seeking our advice."

"But aren't we all swept up in the chaos as well?" Octavia
sighed, exasperated. "Webs within webs — I think I have lost
track of the original strand."

Her superior smiled a gentle condolence and set down
her stylus with broken-boned grace. "Then you need to be
reminded, that is all." She cast an eye behind her. "Can you
hold this together for me, Finnegan? Come, Octavia. Walk
with me."

"Hyklot—," the Pythian spoke while walking through the
threshold. She stopped at the lip of pooling plasm and eyed
the Augur. "Are we disturbing you?"

"One moment." The wrinkled man brushed his oily locks
away from his face with the back of his hand, and continued
to squint into the Corpus of the Enfant sprawled on his table.
Its eyes were unfocused and still milky with the Caul. As for
Hyklot, fresh plasm soaked his arms up to the elbows; he could
not have been at this augury for long. His hands worked, still
sorting through the fragile wraith, making wet, squelching
sounds. After a few minutes, Hyklot wheezed a raspy sigh and
reached for his plastic bookmark, sticking it swiftly into place.
"Now, then, how many I help you?"

Octavia had trouble masking her disgust. The Augur wore
his loose skin like the folds of her robes, and his grimy kohl
facial was a mockery of Mesopotamian beauty. His wet hair
and arms contrasted with his paper-dry face and feet; the whole
image of the Augur was a complete divergence of Delphic
aesthetics. The two Oracular groups respected one another,
but did not enjoy sharing company. To avert her eyes, Octavia
glanced at her companion. If Deidre felt any discomfort, she
hid it well.

"Are you still tracking him?" Deidre inquired.


His black-lined lids drooped over tired eyes, and he nod-
ded slightly, "The one we believe to be him, yes." Hyklot's
voice grated like the wind through rusty hinges, slipping out
of the gap running through the neck of his Corpus. He ges-
tured with a dripping hand to the dissected thing before him.
"I am reading now of his failing health, his struggle with the
Health Care System," he pronounced the words carefully.
"Hunh, a misnomer if ever I heard one. He ages swiftly. We
do not have long left, if this is the one, to complete our de-
sign."

If this is the one...! Octavia heard her Shadow mumble.

"Of course this is the one," Deidre insisted with an un-
characteristic snap. "All the strands point to him. This is
Charon's soul, alive in the Skinlands, and we must bring him
home."

"Of course, of course," the drained, de-mummified man
replied placatingly. "All eyes have seen Charon beyond the
Final Descent.... Gives one hope of return someday."

"Then Charon is alive." Deidre seemed pleased to hear
her subordinate phrase this as a statement rather than a ques-
tion.

"Did I address you?" Hyklot hissed. He dipped his hand
into the body and closed upon something, twisting his thin
wrist as if plucking a ripe fruit. He held out a patch of skin
from the small of the Enfant's back and massaged it between
sensitive fingers as if reading Braille. "Ignorant Kassandra, it
is Written that Charon — did not fall — through the Tem-
pest... and into the Labyrinth,"

He paced the small altar as his gasps became quicker,
punctuating faster thoughts. "That which was... Chosen —
lifted —through the Shroud. That which was... sloughed...
sank into... darkness. To join — to join—, " Black eyes framed
in kohl widened, clawed thumbs piercing the membrane
through. "The Betrayer!"

Hyklot threw gobbets of mutilated Corpus against the
wall, and dove upon the Enfant's midsection with rabid en-
ergy. He splashed fistfuls of plasm out of the body, flicking his
fingers as if dispelling phantoms from his eyes, and sprayed
droplets all over the room. "It is there! That which was allied
by the Betrayer — they both seek Gorool! They plan to de-
stroy Charon's Quickened soul! Must find it — in here. The
answer lies... within the map. The Web, it—"

Under the headband, his plucked brow furrowed, knot-
ted. "It...." His fingers clenched reflexively and held. A mo-
mentary silence was broken with a snarl and two fistfuls of
torn muscle. "Lost it! Lost the Sight! Who has betrayed the
Lady's Chosen One? Must See it, know it... You!" he growled
and gripped Octavia's arm with surprising strength, lifting her
bodily off the littered floor. "You are mine to map!"

Deidre spoke with quiet conviction, "I cannot permit it,
Hyklot. Drop her."

The next moment passed with aching slowness — }j/
Octavia's eyes wild and her voice making small sounds in her (})
throat, Hyklot's hand clenched rhythmically on his victim's
upper arm as if pumping the loose plasm within, and Deidre
glaring, arms crossed, looking mildly bored with the Augur's
failure to immediately comply. Hyklot searched the Pythian's
face for reprieve, but found none.

Slowly, he acquiesced. Octavia collapsed to the floor,
staining her robes with gritty bits of Corpus and cradling her
arm to her chest. Slowly she stood and backed away from the
seething Augur, glaring.

Hyklot's expression softened to one of pitiable loss, one )
which could only be comprehended by those who touch Fate
and then feel it slip away despite all attempts to keep it, hold 6
it, just for a moment longer. He nearly wept, but even that {

seemed to cost too much. "We must gather him, Deidre. Be- "Yt

fore they find him and feed him to the Betrayer, Reap him on
their grain..."

"Have you Seen this?" 4

He slackened and spread his hands of gore and grime in {}
apology, "No." ¢

Octavia could not contain her words any longer, "You
think that you can See past the likes of Gorool? That you }
alone are the one to scry the reborn soul as if of a common
wraith? Only Charon has done this, and only the Lady could
Weave his Fate! You are blind, Ventricle, with your own need
for personal glory!"

The former prince slit his eyes like a godling cat, the
blackened orbs burning. "Did you speak, infidel?" Hyklot
snatched the grip of his weapon which released from the wood
with a bell-like ‘ping.' "Listen: You sit in the playbox because
we place you there with a script and a face. The moment your
weakness betrays your Sight, I will be there to trim your sta-
tion!"

His blade flashed like a bleak crescent moon and severed
the Cauled head in one smooth motion. The sightless face 4

bounced on the floor and came rolling to rest at their feet. ()(
On the altar, a softly roaring vacuum of colorless light un-

zipped and sucked the Enfant's headless Corpus into the void.
As the loose limbs slipped over the edge, the rushing sound
cut short, and the Nihil sealed itself up as if it had never been.

With deliberate care, Hyklot bent down and lifted the
head in a fistful of hair. His voice slithered past lost teeth,
"No offense intended, Fourth Pythian."

"None taken, Fourth Augur." And she pushed her shak-
ing underling out the door.

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, part Vii 81


"So... no one must know Charon's soul lives on." Octavia
had recovered gradually on the walk through the sculpture
gardens. "Does anyone suspect?"

"Suspect? Naturally. They all suspect." Deidre steepled
her hands at her waist, wrists dangling at unnatural angles.
"None shall know the truth, however, until he has returned
and been Reaped by our emissaries."

A Doomsayer, walking briskly with steadfast purpose,
marched up to the two conversants. His bass voice shook the
stone underfoot, "Doom Is Upon Us All."

"Of course it is." Stony-faced indifference met Deidre's
comment. Obligingly, she added, "We will attend to our Par-
doners at once." He nodded, and continued on his way. Deidre
and Octavia watched him leave. In the distant grounds, a
heavy figure bent forward and began pursuit.

"And all of this about the Labyrinth and Gorool — noth-
ing but a ruse?"

The scream that punctuated Octavia's sentence ended
in a high-pitched shriek.

The thin Delphic permitted herself laughter, the sound
strained and worn through the stress of constantly manipu-
lating the Web. One would not have suspected the Doomsayer
capable of such an octave. "Let the Pardoners go into the
Labyrinth full of regrets, let the Spooks wait in the shadows
to steal their hard-earned treasures, let them all scurry about
like the insects they are! We must keep their focus scattered.
We must call him back to us."

He'll slip through your fingers; you can't cauterize every strand
of the Web, a voice whispered behind Deidre's ears. You have
already failed. She froze, pressing her fingertips to her temples;
the tension must be draining her Eidolon. But she remained
in control — of this situation, and herself.

"None of those tales are untrue, my dear. There is cer-
tainly plenty to be found in the Labyrinth, and much to be
learned through seeking Gorool, but it's not what the others
might expect. The Weaver has been tracing it all; we will
learn it by and by." Her expression changed again as she saw a
blur of motion flicker behind the columns. The sentry had
earned his oboli and then some. "The challenge is to ensure
Charon returns to us and does not fly beyond us in Death."

"But —," Octavia sputtered over the thoughts, "you mean
to keep him from Transcendence? But we can't possibly! That
goes against the Way for all souls! The Lady of Fate—"

"The Lady of Fate chose Charon for wraiths, not for Tran-
scendence. His time has not yet come. He is needed here,
above all else. His own Shadow was the downfall of his First
Reign, as we and the Pardoners and the Monitors knew, and
without our guidance it shall end his second as well. The
Deathlords are an unfortunate obstacle that guarantees the
ruin of all that he's built. They are destroying the only chance
we have of recovering Charon in their arrogance by publicly
denying the Guilds. Is it not ironic that it as they follow


Charon's decree, he brings about his own demise? Thus it is
appropriate that we break his remaining law, the Dictum Mor-
tuum, to save him." She sighed and touched a statue, listen-
ing for something Octavia could not hear. "Weare at each
others' throats. Selena's Fated scripture read there could be
no return without the Guilds. All of the Guilds, even the
forgotten ones, must be aligned for Charon to return."

"But this was Scripted years ago," Octavia murmured.
"Why ever would he not have listened to the words of the
Grand High Oracle?"

"He would never listen, but he had to be told. That is the
Way: for Charon to do just what he feels must be done, but to
be armed with the knowledge of what is right."

And you? Are you certain you know whatis right? You thought
so in the E.R., too, back in ‘76. Too bad they don't give consola-
tion prizes for nice tries, dearie. |-know you better.

In the ensuing silence, Octavia hesitated before speak-
ing her next thought, battened as it was on rumor. "Was that
the case during the Breaking?"

Deidre smiled off her Shadow. "That was exactly the case
during the Breaking, a show staged by the Lady of Fate her-
self. Neither Selena nor Charon knew that they were playing
their parts until it had ended. Selena went to counsel Charon,
and he listened — he truly heard, then suddenly refused to
believe. He actually roared against the Grand High Oracle!
Inretrospect, it's amusing. How could they have been so blind?
But once the Final Descent played out its ovation, the vi-
sions returned, reaffirming his place in the Underworld. He
belongs here."

"What guarantee is there that he will not go to peaceful
rest?"

"There are no guarantees. Now, we interfere. Batiste as-
sures the Dealer he has his own Spooks molesting Charon's
mortal shell, and Sandman contracts aren't that hard to pur-
chase." She cast a meaningful eye to her audience who felt
appropriately uncomfortable. "The Haunters and the Harbin-
gers still owe us favors for our advanced warnings about the
coup's inevitable failure, the Monitors and Proctors are our
unknowing allies, and Skinriding provides a personal method
of scrying the Skinlands for those Oracles who can be trusted.
Who better to affect the living soul of Charon than the hearts
and the fists of Pandemonium? No one will rest unless we
allow it."

"So you plague his newborn life in order to cast him
through the Shroud?"

Deidre ‘tsked' with admonition. "Octavia, how did you
ever get this deeply involved while being so base? With all
that personal attention, Charon would be earmarked by all
the Guilds and the Hierarchy, too. No, the Gamblers have
managed to calculate a statistical model, a sporadic pattern
to our endeavors that will affect nearly 300,000 souls in vari-

ous manners so that the one, true focus will not be discov-
ered."

"The dreams...?"

"Are only part of it. It is a world-wide campaign we're
launching. I imagine the Dark Kingdoms would not be pleased
if they knew that our heresy has invaded their territories. In
as much as we can help it, they will not discover our involve-
ment. I have arranged for an expensive front to divert that
possibility. Nevertheless, any risk is worth the price of saving
all that exists here. Even the suffering of Charon's soul."

"But is that... proper for the Chosen One? To be put
through such suffering?"

Is it proper for the Chosen One? Is it? Is it...?

Deidre's anger exploded through the grove, "He is not
destined to have a peaceful life, only a meaningful one!"

Abruptly, Octavia felt the ground shudder a moment to
her right. The Minotaur who had been shadowing their steps
halted mid-stride with a poleaxed look, bowed surprisingly
low and lumbered off to the southern grounds. As he turned,
Deidre's voice was low and thin. "Just do as you're told, pup-
pet. We know our Way from here."

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, part Vili 83



Unnecessary introductions

ey, get the lead out! Come on and keep
N/ moving. I think you'd be lighter on your
Bi] feet now that the shackles are off. No,
B! don't talk, not until we're away from your
| former "employer." | hope you're worth
K) the cash because | hate pulling favors for
the Pantheon just because I have to, and
your old pal Julius is one tough mother. No joke, he'd give
Oedipus a run for his robes. Your destiny's taking a sharp turn
to the right, my friend, and you're lucky that someone kept a
finger on your strand of the Web.

You're late, you know. We were expecting you to jump
last New Year's, what with Angelo's rape trial, the miscar-
tiage, the downsizing... Finally you went off the meds. Took
you long enough. We had you slotted for early December, and
here it is, Indian summer. You've got strong karma, but not a
great sense of punctuality. Don't worry, I won't hold it against
you, even though I lost the eight-to-one odds to Bookie Bea
you'd be here by Christmas. Oh, well, never gamble with a
Gambler. You'll learn it all soon enough, and hey, if you've
got the Gift, most of this should be déja vu.

Eye Know You

Why the look? Don't let the robes fool you. [had to "dress }
to impress" in order to get you out; only the Delphics deal
with the Hierarchy mano e mano, and what can I say about
their fashion taste? Under this glorified bedsheet, I'm 100
percent Clairvoyant. Give me my deck over a fistful of bay
leaves any day. Tarot don't do me no wrong, and who wouldn't
pay to give their ego a stroke? It's more true now than when I
was breathing.

You're starting to get the idea, hunh? Yeah, I can tell.
You've been a Thrall for only a bit, but you've heard the ru-
mors, and I get to the be the one who tells you: They're true.
The Guilds still exist. Don't jump for joy or nothin', my head
can't take it. I bet you don't need a crystal ball to tell you
which one we're due for, do you?

It's no wonder they had you shoveling in the lower strata.
Anyone with a hint of Sight can see your deathmarks and
tead you like a book. You're absolutely dripping runes. You were
meant for us. Those voices in your head, they were right all
along. Don't look so surprised! Every single one of your sto-
ties came true, didn't they? I know because I'm one of them;
the Oracles, the "Unblinking Eyes," and the Eye's been watch-
ing you for some time. Yes indeedy, "Eye" know yous...

Chapter One: =e fh 85

oan we 8

Okay, hints for the newbie: always take a Delphic seriously,
never take a Augur's hand, take a Clairvoyant at her literal word,
and take a complete inventory — including fingers, toes, Fetters
and relatives — after visiting a Gambler. Oh, and Doomsayers —
well, you can take them for just so long before you have to beat
feet, y'know?

Incase you haven't guessed, the Delphics are totally in charge.
There are only a couple of hundred "priestesses," but trust me,
that's enough. They hold the reins of the Pantheon, while the
other sects who have their own ways to jostle for power. Hey,
watch it! That first step's a doozy. There's more than one way to
bust your neck on this side of Heaven ‘n' Hell and usually far
more painful than having a vertebrae go crunch. Ever contem-
plated life as a shoehorn? I can't see how the Aleph stands the
Attificers, personally, but that's neither here nor there. I thank
my lucky tea leaves I'm a modern heathen at heart. Those guys
are serious about pest control.

How do the factions fight to be tops? Well, who knows for
sure? Me, I'm just a contact, and in the most laid-back faction at
that. Suffice to say, one rep from each group eventually makes it
to the big-time, sits on the Pantheon and points the Way. Most
everybody agrees in the long run; I mean, who's gonna argue with
Fate, right? Our Lady hardly does housecalls anymore.

So, a more mismatched bunch of yahoos you never met, no
offense intended to anyone, really. But honestly, since "faith" is
such a big part of this power, it's tough to get all the gang to-
gether under one roof. "How many Augurs does it take to change
a light bulb? Zero — there's no room for his head and a light
bulb." It's all the same. Everyone's got the answers but no one
wants to tell. Let's put it this way: As far as the Guild goes, I'm a
moron, and even I can tell you all the muckety-mucks know
something's up. The bottom line is that we're supposed to tout
how all the Guilds have to survive against the Hierarchy, all of
them. This is none too popular a notion with the locals consider-
ing who some of our Guildish neighbors are, but cries of "Can't
we all just get along?" make me think more of "pot/kettle/black"
than singing "Kumbaya." Cripes, I sound like a Doomsayer. That,
ora French scriptwriter.

Anyway, if you want details, ask the next guy down the pike.

Why Me?

Can you help it? Nope, me neither.

Thaven't met many Oracles who didn't have a touch of the
Sight in the Skinlands. You know what I'm talking about: ESP,
precognition, weird dreams or voices about stuff that came true,
even a little Radar O'Reilley, like when you know something's
coming a few seconds in advance. We all had it in dollops or
tons, and we've all got it here double-strength, even if we don't
want it. Sometimes especially if we don't want it. But it's not like
you have a lot of choice in the matter.


There was this guy I heard about, some old Corinthian or
other. He crossed-over with ClearSight — drove him crazy. Stark
raving bonkers. He couldn't stop Seeing things exactly as they
were going to happen, and there wasn't a damned thing he could
do about it except stand around watching the previews over and
over. Trapped in your own private hell of reruns — brrrr. The
Pantheon was in a major pickle trying to figure out what to do
with him. The poor bastard was a loose cannon of Angst, like a
walking dart board for Oblivion screaming, "Look at me! Look at
me!" But he was also the best reader for a clear run that any client
could pay for a look-see. Gamblers didn't even bother quoting his
odds, he was nth for nth.

So this poor slob quit the Delphics and went Traditional. Made
it all the way to "Vuy," that's, um, Seventh Augur. Personally, I
think he just really needed to cut somebody up. Still no good. He
stopped taking clients, he stopped going to the Weaver, he stopped
telling anybody anything, even the Grand High Oracle. Selena
tried to get him Pardoned within an inch of his soul, let him
Skinride, even bought him a Paphian Dream-Whore to see if that'd
snap him out of it. Nothing. Eventually, he got swallowed by a
Harrow-hole and never was spat back out. Sad, really. I'll take my
mildly myopic Sight, thankyouverymuch.

What was I saying? Oh, yeah. Here we are in the land of the
Dead with tons of folks all caught up in ‘What's Going To Hap-
pen' even worse than on the other side. Now people's existences
actually hinge on how they feel about themselves and their fu-
tures — self-image problems are a hell of a lot more important
than they used to be, you know? Funny how you can't say "their
lives" since no one really is living anymore, but the devil you know's
better than the devil you don't, right? People want to stick around.
Everybody's gotta know their story. Or, better yet, the stories of
their Fetters anchoring them to the Shadowlands. | mean, what's
going to happen to them is a pretty big deal, I tell you. What's
Maudlin's bumper sticker? "No Fetters, No Fly." Grasping straws
is our specialty. Nothing's better than a desperate client; you can
suck him like a lollipop.

Of course, this is just my opinion. A real Delphic Pythian
would tell you differently and feed you the line about how we
were the guides of Charon from Lady Fate on down the line,
charged with guiding lost souls toward Transcendence or some
such crap. We foretold what would happen, but nobody listened.
Those few who did became our clients, our allies and our chattel.
Those who didn't got the Veinous Shaft. Mostly true, mind you,
but only three Guilds got completely hosed in the uprising and we
only managed to save four before the shit really hit the fan. Yet for
the most part, we're all still in one piece, so to speak. And if we're
all supposed to be all buddy-buddy, it's a good thing that most of
the inter-tribal hunting has slacked off a bit. Now if we could only
let go of one another's throats; stranglehold's bad for mutual juju.
"Sticks and stones break more than bones since everything's
soulforged anyway!" Think of that next time you trip over another
cobblestone. Of course the Doomsayers would just blow this whole
thing off as a warning of the worst yet to come. Cheery bunch,
ain't they?

Fane BEE
s « Ziv SES oe:


But now with Charon gone Fatalistic, and the Web is
being stretched all over the place through possibility ad in-
finitum to find his soul, we're basically told to just keep doing
what we're doing. De nada. Business as usual on the homefront
and straight on ‘til morning. I tell you, I've begun thinking
that we're just peeking through the Veil to tickle our
funnybones. With Charon M.I.A., there's half the discipline
out searching his Lifeweb and the other half digging his Fatal
grave. Nobody seems to even agree to disagree; with the
Deathlords breathing down their necks, it's no wonder. "Do
The Delphi," as they say. Never give a clear answer when a
vague one will do!

[tell you, everybody's in a snit-fit for power, and most are
too busy to see who's gaining from behind. All in all, it just
gives the Gamblers more consensus to buck. Take my advice
—never bet against Charon. He always comes out rosy down
the possibility streams. It's just taking us a while to catch up
with him. You know what I'm saying? Uh, guess you don't.
Well, when you check out the Temple basement, you'll see
what I mean.

The Temple — wow, wait ‘til you see the place! The only
things like it here is like the Sphinx's schnozz (intact!) or the
three walls from Jerusalem. Anyway, they've been fixing up
the place like you wouldn't believe. A whole corridor has gone
completely virtual, and I have no idea how many prophesies
were pushed for that to happen. You'd think the Afterworld
was coming to an end. You don't understand, the Delphics
never change. That's why the Gamblers decided to do their
thing off-shore — too many rules in-house. But, be it ever so
slanderous, there's no place like home.

Huzzah! This way, and behold! Just slide under the steps,
and don't mind the dust. Who can really tell this close to
Stygia proper? Go around the corner, and you'll be met by
one of the guides, can't say who exactly, but he'll take over
from here. Let me have your hand. Don't sweat it, ninny, I'm
not a Blade-boy. Curl your pinkie, and check out those lines!
Yeah, I'll be watching you, butter on bread. But hey, I've got
to go ditch this toga and head back to the relative safety of
my day-to-day. Life and Death wait for no wraith, but if I
keep "Gone Fission" on my door, my reputation's toast. I'll be
"Seein" you! And hey, welcome to the club!


y Wie 7
gS? oes Ge

TRANS fe ES NH

fem lasry

Annihilation: The Doomsayer practice of throwing Soulforged oak into a Nihil.

Ass-In-The-Hole: Derogatory term fora Clairvoyant ora Gambler withouta deck of cards; ie not
having an "ace in the hole."

Aleph: Leader of the Augur Oracles, first letter of the Hebraic alpBybet'

Augur: An Oracle who predicts via reading patterns in splattered plasm.
Blade-Boy/Blade-Girl: Slang term for Augur hopefuls.

Blades of Jade/Jade Blade: An Augur who follows Eastern traditions. ~

Blind-Eyes: Wraiths who have no Oracle Sight.

Clairvoyant: An Oracle who predicts via any number of pagan sodliies

Clairvoyants: Leaders of the Clairvoyant Oracles — Dama D'onore (female) and La Guardia (male).
ClearSight: The ability to scry the future perfectly with no ability to change it.

Delphic: An Oracle who predicts via hallucinations.

Dealer: Leader of the Gambler Oracles. :

Do the Delphi: Expression referring to vague prophecy, especially when done deliberately.
Doomsayer: An Oracle who predicts only negative outcomes.

En-lil: An ancient seer who would scry using animal sacrifices to the gods:

Enochian: Angelic alphabet used by certain occultists; ref. Dr. John Dee and Edward Kelly.
Fulguriatores: Ancient Oracles who read weather patterns for prediction.

Gambler: An Oracle who predicts via numerically-derived probability measurements.
Grimas: Stregherian term for "male," or "High Priest." --

Haruspices: Ancient Oracles who used animal caenitices for prediction. -

Kassandra: Derogatory term for an Oracle whom no one believes, usually implying she is
incompetent or cursed.

Lady/Our Lady/The Lady: Affectionate contraction for the Lady of Fate.

Mouri: Derogatory term fora Doomsayer; tef. similarities to Mourners: ~

Prophet: Leader of the Doomsayers. ;

Pythian: A Delphic Oracle with active and accurate Sight while scrying.

Sight: Any of the Oracular abilities to see into the possible future.>-

Signbearers: Seconds-in-command of Doomsayer cultists.

Sofit: The altered symbol used for a Hebrew letter when it is written at the end of a word.
Strand (of the Web): One possible outcome of the future.

Streghs: Clairvoyants who follow the Stregherian belief of creating one's own destiny.
Trusks: Clairvoyants who follow the Etruscan belief of preordained destiny.

Unblinking Eyes: Slang term for Oracles; occasionally confused with Monitors and Mnemoi.
Ventricle: Derogatory term for an Augur; ref. Auricle instead of Oracle. .

Web/LifeWeb: The conceptual representation of all possible pot:

Whisp: Matter composed of evaporated souls.

Ae

Chapter One: Dé Yu



If you don't know where you're going, you'll probably end up someplace else.
— Yogi Berra

ave Met Before?

ise. Are you ready? We continue your jour-
ney here. Attend my words and step warily,
for from here on in, the physical world is
only half as important as what you make
BS Ss) of it. Believe in yourself and your path is

$4} assured. Doubt yourself and you are for-

ever lost.

My name is Etharias, and I am your guide into the Pan-
theon. I trust the Page brought you safely and speedily? It is a
deceptively short route to the Temple from this position. Once
we cross the boundaries of the city proper, direction becomes
the better part of discretion.

Now then, see here — you walk almost ahead of me. Does
this not seem familiar, like we are in.an old dream or treading
a distant road nearly forgotten? It's part of what binds us, this
familiarity. It is a common element, like needles tracking the
pole — we all end up here together on our way between what
has been and what will prevail. I have seen you — read you,
really — on the walls the others wrote. I saw where our paths
had crossed before, though on the far side of the Shroud, no

closer than mirror images touching. Perhaps it would be a
better analogy to say "reflections in a pond," since the barrier
isa thin one, at the very least. What is my floor becomes your
roof. We affect one another, even subtly. It would not surprise
me if we all touched consciousness with each other through-
out the history of time, but there is no way to prove that rev-
elation. It is a pleasant, if idealistic, thought nonetheless.
Forgive me my musings. This way.

T'll tell you of all that you see, all that remains, and all @
that I may. Do not ask the questions I cannot answer; better
yet, for safety's sake, do not ask questions at all. If I fail to
mention something you wish to know, it is because the Way §
was already chosen that you learn these things for yourself.
While I do not deny my station as raesh, 1 would not be so
bold as to challenge the Lady herself. She chooses as she will.
I will attempt to be impartial as an interpreter rather than as
an official emissary, but I have once been, and continue to
be, only human. Forgive me also my clouded vision. We have
an abundance of pens lost to the living. Take notes diligently;
anything may provoke a vision or memory, and we are loath
to lose your precious first ones here.

Come then, we have nearly returned.

Chapter Two: inside the Unblinking Eye 91


SS

qhe Pantheon Temple
i The Temple is beautiful, something rare on this side of
the Shroud. One wonders what she must have been like in
the Skinlands; in fact, thousands there still do. The
Pantheonic Temple is truly a treasured relic, retaining most
of her former glory simply because she is fresh in the minds of
so many. From deep-sea archaeologists to science-fiction buffs,
the impassioned Quick keep our Guildhouse "alive." Simply
put, she is blessed. And a blessing here is rare indeed.

Once she stood in the heart of a mighty port acropolis on
the island of Santorini, the gilded bulls of white marble and
gold a tribute of prosperity to Poseidon and Cleito. Her inner
sanctums were built at the height of the Minoan Golden Age,
and her body was dressed in mosaics of exotic indigo and gold
from the Far East. Yet when the tremors began, there was no
sanctuary to be found within her walls. After the destruction
which obliterated most of the island and wrecked havoc on
the nearby Mediterranean shores, Santorini was renamed
Thrace for "fear."

Hundreds fled their homes to take shelter in the High
Temple as their world came to an end. The devout flocked to
the priestess' embrace to huddle together around the altar,
slick with blood and incense, and pray. No prayers were an-
swered, and no gods paid heed. All perished in the eruption
that sank their land into the Sunless Sea, here to lie on our
own Isle of Sorrows. Here, beyond the sight of breathing men,
she came to her final rest — but her story lives on in the
minds of many.

Pericles, son of Xanthippos, had inscribed the cornerstone
when the Temple was first consecrated. A young man, Solon,
witnessed this event. In later years, he became a leader in
Athens, and he is known to the living as the founding father
of democracy around the sixth century BCE. When Solon
heard of the tragedy of Thrace, he passed on his recollections
as the story of a lost island of wonders which sank in a day. It
is uncertain whether the story was first told to Solon's com-
rade and distant relation, Dropides, or whether Solon spoke
in confidence to his own son, Critas. Who knew if the world
would keep believing the word of politicians? Solon was a
wise man. In either case, Critas was an interested follower in
the works and words of a great philosopher and storyteller of
his age, Plato. Plato was the one who gave birth to her fame:
the legend of Atlantis.

She is ours now, as is the priestess who tends her. It was
always Fate's will. Selena would be the first to tell you so.

The Library of Ages
Behind the main building of the Temple lies what used
to be the quarters of the servants and priestesses who dedi-

cated their lives to her service. Now that smaller architecture
houses the Library of Ages, a repository for tomes that have

9 Guildbook: Oracles

crossed over, sometimes with their original owners, and have
added to our understanding of history.

Books not only house the surviving words and ideas held
by thousands of people lost to time, but also long-dead dreams
and visions as to what the future might hold. The Library is a
catalog of possibility that acts as a lens to focus on the work-
ings of the human consciousness. Often, Oracles who have
not gained Sight in many months or years have traveled on
pilgrimages to the Library of Ages in order to pore over the
words in these volumes and perhaps gain some insight or rev-
elation. Someone else's story or imaginative verse may act as
a catalyst and spark prediction once again. Patterns emerge
throughout the history of humankind, of violence and inno-
vation, disease and discovery, science and religion. It's all
there, mapped as even the Weaver maps, but that is some-
thing you will learn once you visit the Catacombs under the
Temple. That is for another time.

qhe Perfect Soldier

I must warn you about our sentry. He keeps the idle from
dallying and miscreants from our doors, but he can be a mite
overzealous in his work. I knew the Oracle who found him —
tethered him, you might say. Franklin hatched the concept,
the design, the Moliation and the forging, but given the
chance, even he could not have better designed the soul who
would bring his vision to life. That wraith was Reaped to be-
come the Minotaur, and he is so very well-suited to be what
he now is.

His name has been erased, as has most of his original
Corpus, which is just as well. If we need him, best it be an
anonymous favor. There has been a Minotaur guarding the
Temple for as long as the myth has existed in the living world,
a nearly impossible task given the shelf-life of the average
wraith. Then again, we choose durable servants, and the
Minotaur's omnipresent duty allows the Shadow little room
to work. He is a fearsome enigma, and that is enough to deter
most wraiths from darkening our doors. But the secret of the
Minotaur is most ingenious; this one is quite possibly the
eighth incarnation.

We have replaced him time and again as those first se-
lected faded into ennui and mindlessness. It is best that no
one knows the difference — the falsehood of his eternal vigi-
lance has served its purpose well over the years. He was —
no, is what has been described as the perfect soldier. The
Minotaur takes orders without question, obeys them to the
letter, and is tireless in his pursuit. No one is a harsher task-
master than the Minotaur himself. He has no regrets and no
conscience, save the shame of failure. He has the utmost re-
spect for authority and demands nothing in reward, acknowl-
edgment or praise in return. He exists for the job well done.

The wars of the civilized world forged his soul long be-
fore he arrived here. The atrocities and horrors sluiced off


him like water off of tarpaulin. None of it touched him, af-
fected him, did more than mirror-polish the armor he set
around his soul. He had obeyed his commanding officer with
unswerving loyalty, answered similarly to courts and govern-
ment charges and victims' families throughout his life, and
died an old man still adhering to his own code of personal
honor and his word. He obeyed orders. The fact that he did
not cross the Shroud and emerge as a Spectre served as wit-
ness to his guiltless conscience. This apparent self-satisfac-
tion intrigued my colleague, and Franklin moved mountains
to snatch him from the public eye before anyone else learned
about him, this perfect soldier.

He was never the mind behind the maneuvers or atroci-
ties. No part of his heart or spirit was involved; he was merely
the hands of the killing machine. His were the hands which
killed without a tremor, the fingers which pointed to who
would die and that squeezed the trigger when told. He has
very efficient and purposeful hands. Of course, hands need to
be controlled by the mind that wields them. Power without
control is chaos. Even the Minotaur knows this and whole-
heartedly agrees now.

Just as the Temple is viewed as the body which houses
the power of the Oracles, so it was that the Corpus of the
Minotaur was fashioned to house the power of this soldier's
strength of conviction. I can tell you his torso is fully three
times the size it was in Enfancy. His head nearly masses his
shoulder width, and his horns surpass that as they span nearly
two forearms' length. His hair is coarse and sooty black, his
eyes burn flame like smoldering coals, but it is his horns —
his fabulous horns — that are the true terror of any who cross
the Pantheon.

I believe his horns are his one vanity, for they shine with
a polished luster I have never seen on even the most dutiful
Centurion's sheath. Those magnificent horns gleam like
poured mercury, flawless waves of spiked Stygian steel. I have
seen the Minotaur pierce the body of a wraith and throw it
over 10 feet with a toss of his powerful neck. It was beauti-
ful... Apologies — please, remember you speak with one who
carves into the living body to scry with my Arcanos. A pierc-
ing attack is a rare spectacle of expertise.

As it is, simply remember not to trespass or run. He no-
tices these things.


94

Initiation

Jt was a wraith, it had to be, Moliated to look like something feral,
grotesque. Jts body was a parody, mostly ribcage, like a racing grey-
hound with a head and neck strangely serpentine and scaly. Jt was a
nightmare on the block. Jt had lots of teeth. The cowled Guild mem
bers had nailed its limbs through the bindings and into the Great Altar
with pegs of obsidian-black metal. Jts face (muzzle?) snapped and
twisted about, as it tried to get a chunk out of someone. Plasm spurted
from the wounds. The Augur came to me and unsheathed his blade
with one hand. He beckoned for me to come forward with the other.
Obediently, J held out my hand to join him. J was grabbed and slammed
head-first into the altar, the mouth of the monstewhissing hot and
rabid in my face with renewed vigor. My arm twisted behind me as the
blade tore a deep line of fire from my wrist to my elbow. My hand was
pinned with a spike between my shoulder blades, the skin peeled away
and stapled casually to my back. ) screamed myself hoarse, but no
one cared. The group descended on my exposed Corpus like so many
vultures on a kill, reading my Fate with thirsty fingers. They didnt
warn me that the Corpus read tonight would be mine.

Guildbook: Oracles

ANN


HOW. MANY YEARS HAD | SPENT POLISHING THE' | uery personal and poetic, I thought, "This
| URNS, THE BASIN, EVERY CREVICE ON THAT LOW DAIS?

|) cs what Michelangela must'se Jolt the," because J
MY RITE BECAME NUMBING CHORETHAT BLOSSOMED |

MINTOA LOVING OBSESSION. | KNOW EVERY LIPAND GURL | ing with precision, The number crunch

| OF THE CAULDRON AND ITS FILIGREE STAND BY HEART.

TL COULD SKETCH THE SANCTUM'S WESTERN MOSAIC BY |

"TOUCH ALONE. WHEN THE TIME CAME, | WENT |

| THROUGH THE MOTIONS AS IF IN SLUMBER. | WAS DIS-
TANT EVEN BEFORE THE OFFERING WAS BURNING, EVEN
BEFORE THE TENDRILS OF SMOKE ENTERED MY BODY |
AND GAVE ME GLORIOUS SIGHT. IT WAS A PERFECT,

| PLACID RHYTHM THAT REMINDED ME OF My SLEEP-
ING CHILD'S HEARTBEAT, HELD CLOSE WHEN I STILL
BREATHED. IT WAS TOO MUCH TO DESCRIBE, TOO MUCH
TO HOLD ONTO. IT WAS - IS EVERYTHING.

T covld still hear my asshole brother's worning, "who ever heard of Inifiation
with bl You're asking for it, Eorl." chickenshif. The crew af the Dealer's
table didn't even bat an eye, just shuffled and dealt the hands, My cut, And
tod ileero ond feectitkaats dig" cer saetle Gola tack bee
sweating, if I were of a kind fo sweat anymore), but I was cool. These Gamblers,
{ wee wcls, Then I figued, what's the wus that cold hopper? S0 1 fold the

to hit me. This got an eyebrow from the skinny Jerk at his leff. Nobody else
moved. The Dealer's pavse pissed me off, so I pt a litte steel in my second
| reqvest. "Hit. Me." The Spook with muscles like bialys leaned in a mite and
; zi ing like a bastard, said, "you sue?" I yelled af him, "pamn sfaightl" And

brake nose. The toom busted up like if was the goddamned Three Stooges
i idle Tewce.le fat wn en jore Someone gave me a fowel.

sees

j My robe stuck to my back, caked with drying plasm. I had left the Pardoner and sat in
| silence, thinking about Oblivion, until I was summoned. I rose and stepped into the semi-
circle. A low, murmuring chant bubbled is among us, the ancient words s| ping from my lips

| to join the swelling sound. I remembered feeling worthless, unworthy to be here at all, just a
shimmering haze before the Final Oeath. I banished these thoughts with my practiced man-
j She ‘6 ny,
| tra. Then like a swallowed explosion. the fabric of reality tore right before me. The hole was
| 4 vacuum, the edges of this world flapping like skin, drinking in all light and hope. It was
disgusting, vulgar, sexual. The Prophet began screaming her "Words of Truth: she warned us
| to be strong, to recognize what is real and what ts illusion. The terrible things in this
universe did not include the thing before us. The gathering brought forth obec from their
} epee: and tossed them fe the prea ee Each offering uke a Amend
j im before out of existence. was instructed, I st ‘ore rophet an
' pen to my. astik Thad nothing to give. She laid gentle hands upon my Atl a lifced
me to my feet. In one smooth movement, she tore my robe down the front, ripping the fabric
and my new scabs off my eH and tossed the stained remnants into the Noe The group

| Oblivion, naked. purified and vindicated. I no:

Lam at peace.

ow what is coming. I have seen it for myself.

| screamed their chorus, even the words sore into the Void. I stood before the mouth if
IW


‘Ref lections on "Revelations

Thave not seen what I have seen. Ido not believe what I believe. L-r>. These are magical. unexplainable matters, and
T beg you not to make me a part of them!

— Phillipe "The Mouse" Gaston, Ladyhawke

Tve been skimming over this album of initiates, and now I find that Im more reluctant than ever to be here at all
Being one of the recent vintage of wraiths. Im in che unique position to sample the wares. as it were. and choose for
myself which path T? like to follow. (Though from what Etharias, Cristoph. Amber-O's and Knucklebones have implied
or all-out said it's all in the hands of Fate. anyway. and this whole choice is a farce. I think they were trying to be
comforting.) What és distinctly less comforting is the not-so-subtle insinuation that after I make my decision. Im to be
brainwashed or brainwiped or some such thing so that I cannot remember, much less reveal, the dark secrets of the
different divisions that make up the Pantheon. This record I hope to include with the memoirs which seemed to have passed
on with me. The secrets of these things will not die. I will stow chis volume away, and perhaps have my own edge over this
crazy, undead civilization of backstabbing politicos.

Fate — hal Personally. I never put much stock in the "New Age" hype while I was alive. (Boy. that even looks
strange on paper) Admiccedly. I read the occasional horoscope and pulped my fortune cookies uring staff power lunches
like anyone else. Other than that. the funny feeling of d6/a vu or vuja 96 was the only thing I experienced similar to what
Fatalism gives to my (fellow?) Oracles. This és real. And now és the time to choose. "Whether the choice is really mine
or not is totally irrelevant. Except it's I, not "Fate" who gets stuck with the consequences. If Fate és a Lady. I just hope
she doesn't know about the skinmags in my closet back home.

Once I decide what cult Ill join. I may go into the "basement" like the Page suggested. But once that's Yone, there
seems to be no going back.

96 Guildbook: Oracles

The Pantheon

The Guild of Oracles. those with the Sight. is known as
the Pantheon: a panel of representatives who stand as the
incarnations of their Various Arcanoic methods. The basis
of Fatalism is linked inexorably with deas of mysticism
and a higher power which speaks ‘through' the Oracle rather
than by the individual herself. Whether natural force or
ged or alien intelligence. all Oracles believe they get their
visions from "somewhere" and most often "someone." As they
say. Fate works in mysterious ways.

Those attuned will always hear. even in the Skinlands.
but Fate speaks to each person differently. and it needs to
be translated from the discordant dreams that the Guild's
Arcanos produces. I have discovered that Fatalism throws
the Freudian psychology of dream interpretation on its col-
lective ear. I have actually witnessed moments when some-
thing that looked like a cigar was definitely not a cigar!
(The less T well on this the better.) This place és far more
nightmare than dream.

In any case, the particular modes of communication and
interpretation along the strands of Fate's "Web are recog-
nized and honed by different factions of the Pantheon, Each
faction is devoted to its own, particular modus operand, but
all cypes of Oracles seem to be equally successful in their
forecasting (much to the dismay of the Pantheon seat-hold-
ers who constantly vie for superiority over one another).
Equality is not an honored virtue here. Thus. we find the
basis of intra-~Guild politics.

The artful chrones in the great chamber of the Temple
are reserved far the honorary Augur, Clairveyants, Dealer
and Prophet. and this council is presided over by the Grand
High Oracle of the Oelphics. Selena. Much like the Gre-
clan Pantheon upon which the Guild is based. one partisan
rules over all the others. who publicly work toward the
common goal of aiding the lesser wraiths, the "Blind Eyes"
who are unable to "See" clearly. (Note: This self-assumed
supremacy surely deviates from the Lary of Fate's original
intentions, but she has never once appeared to make a for-
mal objection.) This gift would make the Oracles mighty
indeed. if not for their tendency cowarr petty power squabbles
and an adherence to personal agendas that is positively child-
ish. In the end, the Oracles are all too often undone by the
all too human habits of greed and pettiness. It is no wonder
that so many of their lofty visions fall by the waysive.
never to be realized. Will we ever learn?


ics

My temple stands in Ephesus, hie thee thither.

And 0 upon my altar sacrifice.

There. when my maiden priests are met together

Before the people all.

Reveal how thou at sea didst lose thy wife.

‘To mourn thy crosses, with thy daughter's, call

And give them repetition to the life.

Or perform my bidding. or thou livest in woe:

Do't, and happy. by my silver bow!

Awake, and tell thy dream.

— William Shakespeare. Pericles

The Oracle of Oelphé features throughout the great
works of ancient history. She foretold the tragic downfall
of Oedipus and Rome. prophesied the Great Plagues of
Egypt. and apparently was the originator of the
Nostradamus deology that enjoys renewed popularity as
we close the century. She saw all and knew all: her face is
pictured enshrouded by a wall of heavy incense and her eyes
far-seeing into the mysterious vision which holds her. Thou-
sands sought her advice before: millions fallow those prede-
cessors still.

Do the Delphi

The Grand High Oracle. Selena. is the leader of the
Delphics, and thus the rest of the Guild. The Delphics are
the primary faction of the Oracles and publicly recognized
as the oldest and wisest interpreters of Fatalism. Steeped
in tradition dating back to Arcadian days. these Oracles
retain their stately grace. their royal airs and their insis~
tence on proper etiquette and deference to station. The
Delphics enjoy an intricacy to their Arcanos. like a me-
chanical clockwork in motion or a collaborative waltz. The
step-by-step procedure is nicknamed the "Grand Dance.
Everything és precise and scripted: acknowledgment. query.
response and reading. "Nothing és left to chance. no vari-
ables are suffered to be out of place. The Oance is an art
as old as any museum treasure — it has not changed in
centuries without number, and I suppose it will not change
any time soon.

Selena ranks first among the Oeclphics, and then their
ranks follow a precise. numbered order down to the lowli-
est, number 283. Orvers follow from superior to inferior
down the line until someone pulls enough rank to get things
done. Often. immediate action is slowed by the process of
filtering orders through the ranks. which is why many other
Oracles roll their eyes at the mention that the Delphics
are the ones taking care of things. To the Oeclphics. change
in any form és something best to be avoided. and only consid-
ered after lengthy deliberation. Oelphics as a rule are con-
templative. subtly manipulative and often infuriating.

Te seems the ultimate purpose of a Oelphic is to grace-
fully muscle her way high enough in the system to avoid
actual footwork altogether and devote herself solely to re-
ceiving visions. Perhaps the top dozen Oelphics enjoy this
privilege. but they are also saddled with the responsibility
of maintaining the Delphics' position as the governing body
of the Oracles, and are the obvious targets for all attempts
at dismantling the faction's reign.

Lower-ranking Oelphics spend their years obeying or-
ders, building networks of clients and setting their immedi-
ate supervisors up to be caught for minor infractions in
orver to gain personal power. As there is only one way to
the top in the Delphic system, acolytes fall into three cat-
egories: Those who remain in the Temple as devoted syco-
phants to their superiors, thus gaining rank through favor-
itism: those who explore the world beyond the Temple and
return with enough ears who listen and hands that pay
that the Temple must re-establish rank accordingly: and
those who excel in deception and intrigue while waiting pa-
tiently for members of the first two categories to succeed.
then swiftly stepping in to collect the rewards of others'
successes.

Tf ever there's one out of those 283 that isn't a vi-
cous politico, I would love to meet her. Truthfully. Tm not
sure she exists.

Leading the "Dance

Delphics gifted with reliable Sight are entitled
"Pythian." Pythians are no longer exclusively female, as
they were in ancient days. though most wraiths of this sort
have been Moliated into picturesque androgyny. To a soul,
they bear the slender necks and soft faces of the Grecian
Beal of youth. Every last one looks like an art collector's
beauty. However, haunted eyes betray the price of years in
the Underworld for these souls. One is very much like an-
other. garbed in flowing robes tied with a simple, tasseled
rope high at the waist. All look deeply enmeshed with their
tasks or contemplations, though any and all occupations are
to be interrupted by the Grand Oance's first chime: proper
supplication and patience.

A wraith kneels and presents himself at the yawning
door of the Temple and waits. And waits and waits and
waits. "No one dares enter uninvited. for the myth of the
Minotaur of the Labyrinth — a Moliated wraith who pa-
trols the Temple grounds armed with horns of Stygian steel
— és very real here. The threat alone is deterrent enough.

Once a Delphic acknowledges the client's presence, the
Lead of the Oance begins. There is a customary exchange of
greetings when permission to enter is granted. and thus the
client is admitted into the Temple itself. The responsibility
of the reading customarily follows a preset order (though
some admit that this ritual can be sidestepped by offering


Vs. £02 SAS op
Bee l SRS

sufficient payment). The matter of payment is best left to
the Usurers in residence, as money of any sort can "blind
the Eye' in death as easily as in life.

Once the particulars of payment have been established.
the client és escorted to the inner sanctum. Orones and
Thralls work the prayer chamber. constantly purifying and
preparing the great shallow cauldron at the altar, and tending
the soulfire beneath in methodical monotony. Seated on the
tiled floor. the client must wait again in silence as the
attending Pythian is ritually bathed and anointed before
the altar. Unwrapping the offering. the Pythian holds it
above her head for all to bear witness in a great show of
theatrics.

Delphic readings were traditionally accessed by burn-
ing bay leaves. Unfortunately. in the Ocadlands, this is no
longer possible. However, the wraiths who first joined the
Lary of Fate in her mission found that they could re-create
the hallucinogenic effects through a special smelting of souls,
and thus the readings could proceed as always. A Oelphic
reading now requires a donation of whisp." condensed souls
forged into a mock resin which bears the characteristic pun-
gency and texture necessary to make an association real for
the Pythian. Belief is the foundation of everything here.

The cauldron is fed the offered whisp with reverence.
The souls burn into thick fumes that ooze and creep in ghostly
tendrils, mimicking the former Corpora which stretch and
writhe as if trying to climb free, and these the Pythian
inhales deeply. Orunk with the ingested soulstuff. the
Delphic Pythian "Sees" anew. There is time enough for per-

haps a question or two before the hallucinatory effects drain 7

away. so the client had best ask quickly. The Delphic és
both incredibly vulnerable and powerful in this moment. and
attendant acolytes wait in the wings behind great columns
and Vases for any pertinent miscalculation or insight. (Very
few can afford the total secrecy of a truly private reading
for this reason.)

When the window passes, the Pythian falls silent.

hangs her head and thanks her messenger of Fatalism. The ©

reading is thus concluded. The client leaves. Audience and
interpretation are available at an additional fee by the aco-
lytes who have observed free from the effects of whisp. Im
told their advice can often be more advantageous than the
reading itself: however. the interpreters' conclusions are
not offered unless requested formally and handsomely.

Vain and glorious. the Delphic Pythians need not pander
to any whom they judge to be an inferior (which seems to
include just about everybody). And T> lay better odds on
arguing with the Minotaur than grappling with a Delphic
decree.


: « =

af Se
The Augurs
‘ I wanna see blood and guts and veins in my teeth!

— Arlo Guthrie. "The Motorcycle Song

Augurs are followers of the old, old ways: practitio~
ners of hepatomancy and myomancy. European haruspices,
Sumerian en-lils, Egyptian soothsayers. apocryphal Oru-
&s — real "sacrifice-a-goat" folks. Rarely smiling unless
holding a knife, Augurs tend to take Oecath seriously. They
have contempt for anything that puts a downy coat on the
harsh reality. Life is a series of sufferings and through en-
dured pain. only the distilled eruth. like clarified liquid. will
prevail. The same holds true in the afterlife. perhaps even
more 30.

This és a conclave of individuals united with a common
purpose. While each Augur embodies her own "Way. they
all commonly agree on one thing: no other Oracular faction
knows anything. Truth is har'. Truth is a lesson. Truth
hurts.

There is no Augur reading without sacrifice. While
few will sacrifice a Thrall or freewraith (which unneces-
sarily risks one's self to the looming Shadow). most prefer
a far more appropriate mirror to their old edict of animal
sacrifice: a Orone, an Enfant or. on rarest occasion, the
prize offering: a Legionnaire's barghest (che last tidbit guar-
anteeing the client an exclusive ceremony befitting any other
platinum card membership). Unfortunately, most post-l2th
century wraiths find the Augur's choice of premonition trig-
gers distasteful at best. Thus. the Augur movement one of
the least popular factions of the Pantheon. This disgust is a
feeling shared by the general populace of Stygia. Those even
suspected of Oracular sacrifice are actively hunted by the
Hierarchy Legionnaires with singular passion. That. at
least, makes sense, as Augurs want the Legions' beloved
Barghests on the block.

Organization:

From Aleph to Taf"

The Aleph, leader of the Augurs. holds the faction's
emblematic Artifact, the Sacrificial Blade of Eannatum.
and thus also holds omnipotence over all his loyalists. The
Aleph alone is the one to designate who has the honor of
administering Soul Oecath, the degree of interference with
the Guild as a whole, and how much information may be
imparted onto the general populace. As such, the Aleph
controls the all-powerful media image of the Oracles: what
és said and not said is his decision.

Augurs also fallow a numeric ranking system signified
by the letters of the "biblical Hebraic alphabet. tlebrew
letters not only align themselves by orer. (Aleph. Bet.

Guildbook: Oracles

Vet. Gimel. Daled. etc). but each letter has its own nu-
merical significance (Aleph = 1. Bet = 2. etc). The Augurs
use this ranking system to denote not only whom is supe-
rior/inferior to whom, but also how many readings must be
performe? for consideration of a rise in rank. Unfortunately.
as there are fewer than 40 letters in the alphabet, including
sofits and vowels, most Augurs stay firmly in place until
something drastic occurs. One imagines those Augurs who do
not achieve rank are the perpetrators of these occurrences
as. by my representative's admittance, there are some 40
more Augurs-to-be who are roaming about with knives at
the ready.

While among of the most disturbingly graphic of the
Oracles, the Augurs are also the most direct. One slice of an
Auugural blade. and plasm droplets are read with an expert
eye and time-honored craft. Sticklers for that old-time reli-
gion, the Ooomsayers and the Oelphics give Augurs the
utmost respect while the Clairvoyants and Gamblers give
them the royal raspberry behind their straight flushes.

Blaves of Jade

"When going one way means life and going the other means
death, three in ten will be comrades of life. three in ten will
be comrades of death, and there are those who value life and
as a result move into the realm of death, and these also
number three in ten. Why is this so? "Because they set too
much in store by life. I have heard it said that one who excels
in safeguarding his own life does not meet with rhinoceros or
tiger when traveling on Land nor is he touched by weapons
when charging into an army. There is nowhere for the rhi-
noceros to pitch its horn: there is nowhere for the tiger to
place its claws: there is nowhere for the weapon to lodge its
blade. Why is this so? Because for him there is no realm of
death.

- Lao Tzu. £13), Book Two. Tao Te Ching

There are those in the Augurs' faction who would pre-
fer to be called "traditionalists. "While they are similarly
stringent and humorless in their craft. they do not require
the use of an animate sacrifice. tlowever, because all mat-
ter in the Deadlands is forged from the Corpus of souls,
these Augurs fall under the same auspice as their plasm-
soaked brethren. As such, their blades are ceremonial, forged
of softer stuff. and emblazoned with the image of the Oragon
and the Globe to denote their alliance.

Practitioners of xylomancy. tea reading. I Ching. feng
shui and mah jongg. these European Augurs identify with
Asian traditions that date back before the philosophies of
Confucianism and Zen "buddhism — though without any
knowledge of their actual practitioners. Equally contempla-
tive and methodical. the Blades of Jade blend the best char-
acteristics of the stoic Oclphics and the explorative Au-
gurs. Respected but reclusive, these Eastern Augurs have


only one enclave they have adopted as a shrine. which is
within the halls of the Pantheon Temple. Here they sit and
meditate in a minimalist space, the click and clink of tiles
and cups the only sound for days on end.

Recently. the whole of the Eastern Augurs were called
into the Pantheon chambers. As of yet. none have re-emerge?.
There are whispers of a matched set of teaspoons decorating
the table placements, but these remain unconfirmed.

The ClairVoyants

And the Witch watched him as he went. and when he
had passed from her sight she entered her cave, and having
taken a mirror from a box of carved cedarwood, she set it up
on a frame. and burned vervain on lighted charcoal before it.
and peered through the coils of the smoke. And after a time
she clenched her hands in anger. ‘dle should have been mine.
she muttered. ‘I am as fair as she is.

— Oscar Wilde. "The Fisherman and his Soul"

Through a trilithon that frames the entrance to the
southern Temple wing comes the sound of music. Sometimes
tt is punctuated by Laughter. moaning, screams or songs. "Very
rarely is it ever quiet. This is where the newest Order
resides, housing a variety of followers whose numbers are
only rivaled by the mountains of eclectic bric-a-brac that
fill every room own the length of the noisy corridor.

Instead of an aura of severity and stoicism, the Clair-
voyant strata feels more like an off-campus strip mall. Ev-
erywhere there are crystals and rune chips and pentagrams
in circlets, baubles on chains or braided lengths of twine, XVM
and candles of every possible shape and description. But it }
ts the athame and bolline. the Labrys and the cimaruta, the
Enochian bones and the Lamioe looking glasses that lend an
eerie familiarity to the ensemble. In the background are
lilting melodies on lyre and double-pipe. the deep rolling of )h
drums, the ominous toll of gongs and a tangle of languages
like Latin and Gaelic. This is where the witches have gath-
ered.

While not all Clairvoyants are "witches" or even fal-
lowers of "Wiccan beliefs. nearly 30 farms of modern pa-
ganism from Greek, Norse and Celtic traditions to exotic
Tealian. African and Egyptian cultures coexist under the
umbrella of neo-pagan Clairveyance. Tarot reavers and palm-
ists discuss experiments in chakra color manipulation and
Phrenology. A gigantic quartz crystal is alternately used
for serying. focusing, tossing and aiding the vibrational healing
of Angst. A wraith Moliated in Pan's likeness spins in a
circle of "Native American drummers. and a Woman tat-
tooed with Chinese zodiac animals speaks of Lughnasadh
and the need for Moliated tapers.

Chapter Two: inside the Unblinking Eye 101

Most Oracles insist that the Clairvoyants are all in-
sane charlatans. I attribute this sentiment to envy of the
Clairveyants' flexible and rather fun-loving nature. and the
fact that the Clairvoyants are now the largest faction of
the Pantheon. The group's popularity among the dearly de-
parted Quick makes them seem to breed like rabbits. Essen-
tially. Clairvoyants have nothing on the rest of the Guild
but sheer numbers, but that is enough to make the more
orthodox-minded factions nervous.

Reigning On The
Parade

The Clairvoyants is the only faction which claims two
seats on the "Pantheon: one for the Oama Oonore and one
for La Guardia, the feminine and masculine elements of their
balanced status system. Speaking as two halves of the same
vote, the Clairvoyants act as one voice for all the multi-
tudes of neo-Classical paganists. Beyond their station, the
Clairvoyant Oracles embody arbitrary chaos. The rest of
the Clairvoyant faction exists to honor their way. what-
ever that may be, and share it with any wraith who hap-
pens to be nearby. Most Clairvoyants report that they feel
"compelled" to share a vision or seek out a specific wraith to
become the target's guide into destiny. A few others admit
to selling their Arcanos to the highest bidder, and still
some cling to the explanation that their motivations are
merely "Fate's will.

Clairvoyants are everywhere. They travel the Oyways

and open small businesses, read cares in lost alleys and hold

respected status in the tierarchy. host illicit wraith cov-
ens and scream at Heretics. Clairvoyants are chameleons
as indiscriminate as they are insolent. Many a time the
‘Pantheon had to decree that the Clairvoyants attempt to

control themselves before the "Oelphics di so for them.

Balancing Selena

During the Etruscan Age of first century Italy,
upper-class men and women alike enjoyed the plea-
sures and privileges to be had in life, and wished to
have the same in death. Under Etruscan-style pan-
theism, gods and goddesses ruled in a patriarchal style
In the Deadlands,

the equal opportunity system of the Italian

much influenced by the Gree

Stregherian witchcraft changed the structure to one
of balanced power between the sexes of the Dead.
Ehere is no one without the other; both are comple-
ments, counterparts, to the whole. Woman is the
Maiden, the Mother and the Crone; man is the
Hooded One, the Horned One and the Old One. Bal-
ance of power, energy and magick are essential to the
proper function of the Boschetto, the rest of the coven.

Thus, the Clairvoyants await the coming of their
Grimas.

Grand High Oracle Selena rules over the Pan
theon, a worthy incarnation of her Arcanos and sta-
tion. However, she does so without a balancing part-
ner, a Lord High Priest, to be at her side. While the
panel includes a tableau of powers, auspices, houses
and elements, it lacks an individual of equal strength
to Selena. Without this masculine presence, the Clair
voyants believe the Oracles' Guild will continue to
be unbalanced and may never achieve its rightful
dominance over the Deathlords and their corrupt Hit
erarchy.

The most logical choice for the job is Charon.
This assessment is the source of much debate and
reading in the Clairvoyant sect; vision and counter.
vision are debated behind drawn curtains. Many agre
that, as bodies themselves are malleable in the hand:
of the Masquers, those balancing characteristics do
not necessarily have to be housed in the actual body
of a man, if ever one can discern the original sex of a
given wraith who has undergone Moliation, But
Charon was the one Chosen by the Lady of Fate to
guide souls. He was the one who formed the Hierar-
chy, founded Stygia, fought the Maelstroms and re-
built the empire. It was he who fought-off the terror
of Gorool and was swallowed by the Tempest, fore-
told to arise again. If not Charon, who?

Many Clairvoyants sit by the instruments of their

craft, eager to glean an answer soon.


These are but a few of the means Clairvoyants use to | bout the Sig

t. Occasionally, forms go in and out of
fashion, and it is not uncommon to find the single Clairvoyant who uses the same pendulum he used when serying with
Dr. Dee, or who prefers to Slumber in certain areas in the hopes of receiving a vision.

Aeromancy: Serying by throwing dirt or sand to the wind.

Apantomancy: Serying by observing objects at random.

Astrology: Serying by translating planetary bodies, their movements and position.

Belomancy: Serying by watchir

Bibliomancy: Serying by readi

i flight of arrows.

ga page or line of a book at random.

Catoptromancy: Serying by using a lens or magic mirror.

Ceromancy: Serying by readi
Chiromancy: Serying by palm reading (also
Crystalomancy: Serying using
Geloscopy: Serying by interpreting laughter.
Geomancy: Serying by studyin
Graphology: Serying by studying handwriting.
Gyromancy: Serying by spinning in place.

Heptomancy: Serying by using a sheep's liver.
Myomancy: Serying by reading

Numerology: Seryi

Oenisticy: Serying by watching a flight of birds.

Onomancy: Seryir

globe, water, mirror or

wax dripped in water.

palmistry).

itterns in the earth.

tnimal entrails or rodents' movements.

by studying patterns in key numbers.

g by rearranging letters in a name.

Phrenology: Serying by reading the contours of the head.

Physiognomy: Serying by studying human facial features.

Pyromancy: Serying by usit

moke and fire.

Tasseography: Scrying by reading tea leaves and the shapes they create.

Xylomancy: Serying by readi

Tdeology

In orrer to house such a cacophony of beliefs. an origi
nator discipline was found that encompassed much of the
modern paganism beliefs and Stygian practicality. Eventu-

ally, the Stregherian system was wedded to the Etruscan
cultural philosophy. This was not too difficult a task. since
the ancient Italian craft existed within the heart of the
Empire's regional success. Re-enacting the Golden Age in
550 OCE, the Clairvoyants represent themselves under a
single vote of twin voices, male and female. and have pow-
erful sway on the Pantheon.

The Etruscan Empire blossomed in Tuscany, Italy, its
domain stretching from the edge of the Adriatic to just
south of the Tyrrhenian Sea. tHedonistic and wealthy. the
glorious city of Caere was known during the peak of its age
as "the richest city in the world" Men discussed high cul-
ture an? philosophy, crafting terra-cotta and gold v

he patterns of twigs on the ground.

skill. They paraded their finery in the streets in elegant
tebenna cloaks. the precursor to the toga. the Romans' re~
spected badge of citizenship. Women were pale and pam-
pered. heavy with gol jewelry and expensive cosmetics: They
rolled dice alongsive the men at the tabula lusoria. and cheered
at the wrestling matches and theater performances. both
sexes could be warriors, senators or priests, but an
individuals fate was entirely in the hands of the myriad of
gors.

Tonia, Uni and Menrva. the original Etruscan gods.
were later joined by Greek adaptations like Catha. Fufluns.
Belchams and Turms. These deities dictated every motion,
debate or decision a person might make in a lifetime of choices
— divination about what motivated the gods was much sought
after. and auguring was a respected profession. Orientation
and direction of the elements were key motives toward un-
derstanding the gods. The wind. rain and lightning showed
the subtle changes in their moods. and their plans for the

Chapter Two: inside the Unlinking Eye 103


future were written in the very flesh itself. The haruspices
and the fulguriatores used animal and weather signals to
learn what gods desired: kings and countrymen begged to
hear their advice.

Outside the city proper. the pagan Strega brought power
from the moon and the traditions of Arcadia into the
Eeruscan fold. Stregherian belief about creating one's own
destiny clashed with the preordained fatalism indigenous to
the Etruscans, Beyond the Shroud, this friction could not
continue. A compromise of vision was established to recon-
cile the difference between belief and death. In theory. this
alliance has been accomplished. In practice, the debate still
rages with undaunted fervor: the "Trusks' versus the
"Streghs.

The Trusks (Etruscan Clairvoyants) point to the Lay
of Fate and Fatalism, the Arcanos itself. as proof that
the afterlife reveals the will of the gods, though none of
those long-vanished deities have actually been seen or rec~
ognized by any wraith in memory. However, the conviction
that all actions adhere to a governed plan makes an Etruscan
Clairvoyant a great believer in the Web and often a most
avid student of the Catacombs.

The Streghs (Stregherian Clairvoyants) insist that Fa-
talésm is not one pre-determined. grandiose plan of all pos~
sible action, as the many branches of possibility that deco-
rate the Catacombs attest. The Lay of Fate is not an
arbitrator of preordained direction or of omniscient Sight.
Most Oracles are hindered by this reactive view of Fate
and their destinies: Strega and Stregone are proactive, cre-
ating their own Fates and governing their destinies with
force of will. Streghs actively focus their energies upon the
world around them. The Lady of Fate is an incarnation of
an Oracle's conscious decision to direct his life. The Lary of
Fate is merely a vehicle. Not everyone desires to be herded
like cattle. A common quote among the Streghs is: "The
power of the Self is greater than that of an arbitrary Fate."

"Pray Fate never hears that one.

Minor ‘Factions

The following groups are technically part of the Clair-
voyant movement. but there is little doubt that, were it
possible, each would strike out on its own and acquire its
own Pantheon seat. In the meantime. they huddle and plot
and cast. each glancing jealously at the others.

Star Seekers:

These wraiths follow the shifts of the heavenly bodies
from the time of birth and throughout the life cycle in a
painstaking astrological map of Fatal design. Fate is writ-
ten within the stars, and their effects upon the person con-

104 Guildbook: Oracles

tinue even into Death, All the aspects of the planets them-
selves — their gravitational pulls, their rotations and revo-
lutions, and their geochemical makeup — have as much too
with an individual's destiny as the associative powers of
the gods who imbue these heavenly bodies with their spirits.
Star Seekers are very spiritual and introverted compared
to many of the other "performance" subgroupings.

Fetishists:

These Oracles will be the first to tell you they're not
into PVC and hip-high boots: these European wannabes
believe in tribal animism, which says a representative ob-
fect ts imbued with the spirit it resembles. Common fetishes
are in the shapes of animals, distinctive people, ancient spirits
or worshipped god icons. These smaller versions of powerful
beings are kept and cared for as if they were living — for
the Fetishists, the spirits are very, very real. They must
be spoken to with respect, given food and drink, and be
offered gifts or promises of deeds done in their names, The
fetish does not recognize the difference between the sides of
the Shroud, and can thus astrally "cross over' without hin-
drance. Proper respect and honor is given in hopes that the
spirits will bestow their precious knowledge on their faith-
ful keepers.

Jesters:

This is a gaudy and frivolous crowd which incites its
own Arcanos through a most basic human behavior, though
one that is nearly lost in the Underworld: laughter. The
Jesters study everything from facial expressions, head con-
figurations and vocal inflections, to the tones and pitches of
laughter itself: With a keen ear and sharp wit, these fan-
cifuul Oracles listen for the vibrations of a person's Lifestrand
within the sound and shape of the Corpus. Often, however,
their best attempts at humor result in an eerie uneasiness
similar to childish fears of circus clowns or the creepy un-
dercurrent of tinny Jack-in-the-box music.

The Vanities:

Reflection is used in the true sense by these Seers,
who use a mirror, pane of glass, or still pool of water to see
images of the future or the faces they may wear. Teased
mercilessly for their apparent narcissism, the Vanities have
adopted an air of en Vogue, and are Moliated often to mimic
the most current looks of the Quick.

Card-Carrying Members:

Tarot readers and player's deck numerologists were
tagged with this catch-phrase only within the past century,
but it has stuck. Though each Oracle carries a different
panoplied deck and fans different patterns on the floor, all
carry the tools of their trade. Often. these pagans will raw
hands at one another in lieu of a "secret handshake. A
Member without proper ammunition is denounced as an
Ass-In-The-Hole.


The Gamblers:

In the long run, your skill would beat my luck. Te al-
ways does. I figure the only chance Ive got is to juice the
betting on this one hanbd... go for broke. All the skill in the
dimensions can't change the outcome of one hand. That's
luck... which puts us on an equal footing.

— Robert Aspirin, Little Myth Marker

To wraiths ignorant of the Guilds, the Gamblers' trade-
mark scams seem harmless enough: the tourist-trap pea-
shell game on the sidewalk, the friendly game of craps in the
yard or chess at a park table, the four women playing bridge
in a quiet living room — nothing to look at twice. Gut any
of these settings could hide a Guild member whose Passion
lies in the hustle, and who is driven in the pursuit of the
ultimate prize: learning to ride wild Luck.

A Gambler gambles — it's that simple. The addiction
doesn't wane just because the body's dead — the game is
eternal. Now. though, the stakes are higher. different and

more exciting. To the winner goes the rank of Oecaler, leader
of the Gambler Oracles, and exclusive rights to the backroom
business that makes the rest of Stygia hum. To the loser
goes the shame of rolling snake eyes and the lost face of any
empty pocket in a bustling casino — at least until he can
build up his stakes enough to play with the Big Boys again. }

Taking risks, riding the edge. betting whatever he's got
on the outcome of a single confrontation in the streets, }
hedging the odds, taking friends for a ride and setting up the }
most elaborate scam on the slim chance of beating the house
just once — Gamblers live for the resolution of the vari-
ables. Their afterlives revolve around making a score masked
as a harmless game of chance. a friendly bet "just between
friends' and the strong-arm dare. The game never ends, and
a clean run could be waiting with just one more toss of the
dice...

Chapter Two: inside the Unlinking Eye

Bee acc |

Excerpts from The Pulse: The Six-Feet-
Underground Newsletter of Stygia

Dateline: March 19, 1986
Muttering a thousand little prayers hourly, the serious
Gambler is far more penitent than even the most contrite
monk. Bilingual out of habit, prayers to "Lady Luck" are
‘insinuated into every sentence and etched into every mo-
"tion of Corpus. Blackjack bookies, seven-card studs, rou-
lette prayer wheels and slot jockeys all vie for position
for the available Pantheon seat; whoever quotes the most
solid runs, wins. Some folks around here are real sore
losers.
— Leonard "The Leak" Kravitz
~eeDateline: June 22, 1994
Superstitious in his belief, obsessive-compulsive in
his ritual, and emotionally extreme when confronted with
any sudden variables, this Oracle makes quite an impres-
sion on the average wraith. One of the "least dead of the
Dead," the Gambler never loses his Passions so long as he's
~got his vice of choice handy.
— Red-Eyed Susie
Dateline: November 6, 1996
Any Gambler worth his shirt can rattle off a lengthy
personal checklist of lucky charms and sure-fire remedies
to battle the evils of a bad run while never missing a beat
dummy-dealing from a deck. He can be cool as a cucumber
while sweating on the inside, or flashing Pathos like a
banshee to distract unwanted attention from his quick-as-
lightning fingers. The Gambler can foresee the likeliest
hand of Fate's trick-deck, and quote odds with a skill that
C3PO would envy.
— Overlord
Dateline: December 19, 1997
Interestingly enough, not many wraiths choose to pro-
cure Gambler services... then again, nobody likes a smartass.
Having a tipped internal balance spiced with a kiss of
Fatalism, Gamblers are prone to being cheeky know-it-alls
with martini-dry senses of humor. This would get them into
far more trouble that it does if not for their habit of
hiring one or two personal Spook strong-arms to serve as
pit bosses for their negotiation tables. Even if you can
calculate the likeliest outcome, there's nothing wrong
with a little extra insurance.

— Note to the Editor, written by Anonymous


EAeblle Payette

I never saw the good sive of a city
Til I took a ride on a riverboat queen.
— Credence Clearwater Revival. "Proud Mary"

The Gamblers "Dealer." the leader of the sect, has her
personal offices on La elle LaFayette, a legendary bayou
"ghost ship' that wrecked itself on the Mississippi Oclta

during the riverboat casino gambling boom. She's a split-
level sweetheart with a lazy paddle-wheel in the back and
the eerie impression of being heavy and dank. the wood of
her boy swollen with water. The outside railing is peeling
paint and the wooden deck creaks mournfully. but walking
through the main doors elicits an involuntary sigh of ap-
proval.
er main bory és filled with green dealers' booths for
blackjack and monte, craps tables framed in mahogany wood
and brass-lined long tables for games of chance. The whir of
wheels and slot machines joins the spill of chips and soft
slap of cards being thrown down. These melodies mix with
laughter, shouts and cheers from wraiths who long to fill
their purses or perhaps just fill che endless years with some-
thing to do. The barfights. the lost ‘souls pitched overboarr.
__ the rumored deal of the century and the soulfarging of cheat-
ers all serve to brighten those otherwise dull and boring
 Deadlands days. It's even whispered that her captain's a
_ Ferryman, but no one admits to believing that.
As long as you have cash, you're welcome to play. If
you're not here to play. youd best have business to conduct.
Otherwise, you're overboard — or have an appointment in
the back.

‘usiness is a Pleasure

| La belle LaFayette travels the River of Ocath with
a crew of top-ranking Oracles and a half-dozen Spooks pa-
trolling her belly. Negotiations with the Oecaler are con-
ducted at her Private Table. Popular recommendations are
to pay in full up front, either in oboli or in services ren-
dered under strict contract. The payment plan is severe. to
say the least, and the interest rates are almost usurious.
However, even on the long-term plan, there are those who
default — they end up as deck chairs.

To be found lacking sufficient funds qualifies the un-
fortunate debtor for an obligatory spin of Roulette. Rou-
| lette still has most of her upper torso, (though T imagine
someone Moliated an anti-gravity chest like that). but her
namesake composes the rest of her lap. She sits. grins, spins
her wheel and tosses the little white balls herself. Watch
out for Roulette's red double-zeros (both sets of them!):

(Ke) ye Fee

the flat ones read "Dealer's Choice. The current Dealer is
notorious for his sadistic sense of humor.

Aside from being the wraithly equivalent of a "fairy
godmother," the Oevaler has exclusive rights to the Guild's
lucrative business of imported goods. Contraband stowed in
the hold of La Belle LaFayette is the ship's real business, |
and the trade is quite profitable indeed. Gamblers and Spooks
work in concert on this venture, smuggling everything from
cases of bottled Pathos to kilos of: whisp and even stow-

away Thralls making good their escape with payment in ()}

debt or in stolen oboli. The slave trade may be prosperous,
but there's always a market for an underground railroad.
The Gamblers work to ensure the business stays smooth
and clean, operated with a detail-oriented touch.

Gambler business is erratic, but sweet. It's nearly im-

possible to swindle a Gambler, though many (mostly Usu-
rers and Chanteurs) have tried simply for the challenge.
Most would-be sharps end up as pachincho balls. The Ocaler
sometimes employs a talented Usurer on the LaFayette if
he és impressed with her ability to juggle the numbers: how-
ever, ones who don't behave themselves end up treading river @
water. Smartasses have notoriously short fuses with other
smartasses. That's why the "Ocalership changes hands so |
often.

Ante Up

Contrary to popular belief, the Gamblers are not a
dMsorganized faction. Just because an unfamiliar face often ‘
graces the "Ocaler's seat at the Pantheon is no reason to ‘i,
judge the Gamblers a flippant lot. Truthfully. they're far)
from it.

A Dealer's term of office is measured by how long a
given Dealer's run of "good calls" may last. yet a smart

Gambler knows the odds will catch up with him sooner or Qf

later. Thus, every so often. the reigning Ocaler cuts and
runs to dodge the inevitable coup, only to re-emerge later

to dethrone the latest sap to warm the seat of power. It's a &

wise Ocaler who can ride the odds while it's a fool who
tries to beat them once too often.

The Gamblers will fallow a "straight" Ocaler no mat-
ter how erratic her visits, so long as her luck holds out.
Personal behavior doesn't matter as long as the ‘Ocaler is
4 proven winner. On the other hand. once a Ocaler's luck |
turns, so do her followers. Who's more foolish after all: the
fool or the fools who follow her? Gamblers don't much like
the insinuation, and will turn quick as an ace of spades on \)
the Oecaler who brings the Gamblers "bad luck."

Chapter Two: inside the Unlinking Eye 107
<—S 107 Se A


SOE

The Doomsayers

The grandeur of the rooms

We have imagined for the mighty dead.

— John Keats

Doomsayers are a fixture in Stygia, as much a part of
the Landscape as the Onyx Tower. Introducing each major
event of history with a leering. "We warned you. each
Doomsayer is armed with a picket sign and a tireless so~
liloquy of damnation. Holy. impassioned and horrific.
Doomsayer wraiths live in the shackles of what it means
to truly know Oblivion and be charged with using that knowl-
edge to save all ignorant souls.

The tloly Mission

The End is Nigh! Repent to your Parvoner! Ooom is
at hand! Tithe! Tithe!

— Prophet Orpheus

Te was once explained to me this way: "The Shroud is a
sieve which filters out the worthy from the unworthy and
tests the human soul. This test decides whether our race
may Transcend to dwell with tim or be denied that eternal
grace. Unfortunately, the philosophy has merit. Modern
Doomsayers have equipped their leading Prophet with new
words to enforce his old ideas. All matter is energy. even
Corpus, and that energy is basically motion out from the
ultimate Source. Energy that takes form in the Ocadlands
és plasm. Plasm, the stuff of wraiths. came from Oblivion.
And since plasm originates from Oblivion, all wraiths were
thus born of Oblivion, and will. in accordance with the Big
Bang theory. condense and return to Oblivion once more.
Plagued with this foreknowledge of impending doom, the
Doomsayer sallies forth to call his warnings unto all un-
wary wraiths.

Loyal Followers or
Cult Zealots?

Sunny came home with a list of names
She didn't believe in Transcendence
— Shawn Colvin, "Sunny Came Home"

The Ooomsayers have a very simple social philosophy.
The rank and file are those souls who were reborn to fal-
low, and Ovoomsayer leaders were chosen to lead those fal-
lowers. The most zealous Ooomsayers are those who have
lost Fetters and are losing the edge of personal. essential
Passions — they wish to spread the word before it is too

108

Guildbook: Oracles

late. Recent converts are heartfelt criers of the horror
which és just cresting the horizon — their compassion for
the unenlightened masses they have just left knows no bounds.
As for the Oracular Prophet. he is the most venerable of
all souls who wish to enlighten. All in all. it makes one
fairly swoon in the overabundance of goodwill toward all
wraiths.

A Doomsayer Forum is an awesome sight. The char-
ismatic orator sways the masses of wraiths like Moses
parting the pulsing waves in a sea of souls. Like an orches~
tra, the chanting swells and burrows into the mind. ham-
mering at reason with its terrible truth. A Prophet's words
can haunt you for a long time because, at the very least,
your Shadow recognizes how it all makes sense. There's no
escaping Oblivion. The end is inevitable. There is no more
powerful conviction than the promise of Transcendence to a
wraith who has nothing left to lose.

To his followers, the Ooomsayer Prophet is the epitome
of truth. All follow the Prophet's lead, unquestioning and
unfailing in their missions to bring truth to whomever the
Prophet deems worthy. The Prophet is seconded by a hand-
ful of Signbearers, each who leads her own flock of
Doomsayer underlings and faithful Blind—Lyes. Unlike the
other Oracle subgroups, Ooomsayers rarely try to jockey
for position within the Guild. In fact. Ooomsayers as a
whole seem content with their lot, and happy to bully other
wraiths into belief. Rising through the ranks is a function
of happenstance. when either a Ooomsayer gathers enough
of a flock to his sive to earn the rank of Signbearer, or a
Signbearer or Prophet fizzles out of existence.


ied By) = E
Peer es PRLS eee ee

Annihilation

Doomsayers gather in secret to reaffirm their purpose
and form a united front under their banner of gloom. Such |
clandestine huddles usually take place at the mouth of a
Nthil known to open and shut in regular cycles, a gateway
to the inescapable future. This hole into the Tempest is
deeply meaningful to the cult: "It's as if looking into the
very consciousness of chaos, is one oft-repeated quote on

the matter, Ic is here that the higher echelons of the faction
come, all in order to make sacrifice in chorus.

THE CURSE OF
CHARON

© AND TO THEE SAY, LOOK THENCE!

~ LOOK THENCE, AND TELL ME THAT WE

KNOW NOT WHAT WE KNOW! FOR IN

| "THESEETHING DEPTHS OF THE CHURN-

© ING TIDES WAKES THE MONSTROSITY

THAT HE BIRTHED, AND, IN HIS ENOR-

MOUS PRIDE AND HEEDLESS 10N0-

RANCE, HAS LOOSED UPON YOU ALL!
TT WILL COME! AND IT WILLNOTCOME =
JUST FOR HIM. THAT GAVE UNTO IT, |
WORSHIPPED IT WITH A BLIND EYE .
| AND BAITED IT WITH A FORKED

| TONGUE, BUT IT COMES FOR TOU AND | ‘
‘ FOR ME AND ALL OF US TOGETHER!
|

AND IT SHALL SMITE US WITH A |
| CRUSHING FIST AND SWALLOW US. |
\ WHOLE!

pO panel


The deepest secret of the Ooomsayers is that they
believe with a perfect faith in the imminence of Armaged-
don. Oblivion must reach a state of critical mass before
Stygia may be cleansed and thus able to Transcend as a
whole. Ooomsayers believe that Charon's self-serving sys-
tem of soulforging denies Oblivion the souls it needs to achieve
this state of pure nothingness and enhances the hedonistic
afterlives of the Stygian wraiths who have nothing better
to do than muck about with tiresome politics and pester the
Quick. Charon's crime of not allowing souls to travel to
their proper destination resulted in a collective pool of Angst
in Stygia which eventually coalesced to form the beast
Gorool. The fact that Gorool appropriately destroyed Charon,
(or at least banished him from this plane of existence), serves
to verify the Ooomsayers' Armageddon theory. (Many
Doomsayers point to this single Apocalyptic event as proof
of their righteousness.) In this fatalistic philosophy. the
only way to Transcendence is for everyone to concede to
this destiny.

Each wraith who remains in Stygia as some form of
object or currency deviates from his Fated path of feeding
Oblivion. Each soul saved from Oblivion slows Stygia's
apocalyptic march toward Transcendence. Charon's selfish
system cannot persist: it is each Ooomsayer's geas to ac~
celerate the timetable on Armageddon. So whenever they
can, Doomsayers pilfer soulforged items and snatch up oboli
like kleptomaniacs, all for the purpose of throwing the swag
into a "Nihil at the earliest opportunity. (This tactic also
gets rid of the evidence of theft pretty handily.)

Needless to say. this status as the proponents of
Oblivion is a much-guarded confidence among the
Doomsayers. Wirespread knowledge of the Armaged%on
Theory would make the Ooomsayers none too popular with
the other Guilds or indeed any wraith. So for the moment.
the Doomsayers keep a low profile, and are perceived merely
as crackpot prophets of doom.

Even in this reduced state. Ooomsayers have many
points working against them. They are notorious annoy-
ances, they often do not have the best social skills, and.
generally their behavior bears a striking similarity to that
of Mourners. sans the chains — none of these points being
particularly appealing to would-be converts. All that aside.
Doomsayers are most often undone by their own, Shadow-
fed fears of being discovered which tends to make them para-
noid and prone to defensive outbursts.


Doomsaying (and Doing it Well)

Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

This is it, we're going to die.

As implied in their nom de guerre, Doomsayers are not happy campers. They are the first to downplay

a plan, the last to admit that someone's idea actually worked, and always the one to throw in a helpful, "I
told you so." Doomsayers are the ultimate pessimists. These wraiths once lived for the End and, now

that they're closer to it, are all the more e how very close they

er to inform everyone in hearing rang

» personally, to Ultimate Demise. A Doomsayer rarely gives up the chance to proselytize, lecture,

berate or hound another (obviously ignorant) wraith about all the things that can possibly go wrong in
F g

her afterlife.

A good roleplayer is able to walk the tightrope between being true toa Doomsayer's negative outlook

in Death and making a solid contribution to the game's dynamic. No one has fun if a chronicle becomes

consistently annoying because of one character's monotonous overacting. Instead, you understand that
the Doomsayer character has inordinate possibilities to be dramatic, mythical, wise, tragic, enigmatic,
mysterious and even hysterically funny. The trick is to balance the character's purpose with that of the

Cirele, and then cut loose within those guidelines.

For example, Jen, the Storyteller, has Mike playing a Doomsayer in a Cirele with Joel and Stu. Jen

has made Mike the driving force of the story by having him be the one to gather the others on a mission

to infiltrate the Emerald Legion. To balance the game, Jen has given Joel the role of Mike's Shadow. Joel
gets to play a sugary-sweet, optimistic Shadow who always has something positive to say while trying to
cheer up the dour Doomsayer — thus, Joel now gets to be the bane of Mike's existence if the Doomsay

pronouncements of woe get too out-of-hand. To further the game's dynamic, everyone else's Shadow

thinks the Doomsayer is a great guy until they realize he's even more pessimistic than they are. Envy,

anger, intrigue and suspicion from the other two Shadows get punctuated by jarring bouts of glee from
Joel playing the Doomsayer's chipper Shadow. The reverse is true for the actual characters themselves,
who suddenly have their Shadows riding them to get rid of the really depressing guy in the corner — and

so it goes.

The secret of the Doomsayer character is this: Have fun, but never admit it.

Tronically, feeding souls to Oblivion is a crime punish-
able by soulforging which would undo the very purpose of a
Doomsayer's existence. "No true Ooomsayer wishes to be~
come part of the problem, and particularly not by being
forged. Seill. feeding soulforged objects to Oblivion can get
dangerous — and expensive — and Ooomsayer Shadows of=
ten hammer hard on the destroy yourself and speed Tran-
scendence theme. This struggle for self-preservation ver-
sus martyrdom for the sake of all wraiths complicates the
Doomsayer's afterlife a thousandfold. But still, the Fo-
rum persists.

They are. after all. keeping everyone's bes
in mind.

interests

T'm meeting someone tomorrow, a storyteller who calls
himself "Father Time." I was told I would recognize him by
his "face." Inside joke? Weill see. TU supposedly be getting a
brief overview of the Guild's history (as seen by Seers?)
and what it means to be an Oracle. I pray that this person
has some answers for me: Im overloaded with disconnected
details as is. Each day. the whirl of names and places grows
more dizzying. Answers no longer relate to the questions I
had in mind — each revelation just spawns more questions.
Im definitely keeping the things I write down. The only
objective truth I can trust lies in the written word. I don't
trust the contents of my own head anymore.

Chapter Two: inside the Unlinking Eye



in the Basement Below

rao used to come down here to watch hin.
Bes) Ac first. it was a simple. morbid curios~
Ih) icy, but now it's something mesmerizing,
@) almost frightening. It's like seeing a
grisly auto wreck in progress. You just
have to watch it happen.

"When I need to get away from the
petty needlings of Stygian bureaucrats or just clear my
own head of other people's cobwebs, I enter the Temple and
twist in the direction of the Catacombs (which, as anyone
can tell you, és slightly left of falling siheways while turn-
ing counter-clockwise). The Catacombs that lie under the
antheon Temple are meandering, subterranean wormholes
that spin out in Escher-mandated directions. The walls meet,
ceiling and floor. in rough-hewn slopes that spin into dark-
ness. The ripples of stone are worn smooth by countless
footfalls and caresses. At first glance. it looks as if the
caverns are carved in gray-on-umber veined marble. the
color of ash on dried blood. ‘Yet. a closer look reveals that
the walls of the winding paths are made up of small scraps

of aged. brittle paper. each with faded handwriting. One is
stuck next to another and another, on and on in a maddening
pursuit of something hiding in the distance. And someone is §)
down there: the Weaver of Fates.

Te has been rumored that the "Weaver was originally ()
on a self-assigned quest to pay for the sins he committed Qi)
while seill a mortal man. That may be how it started. but
it's gone way beyond that now. To see him working is like (
seeing an addict with his fix. caught in an almost painful
ecstasy of obsession. He sits writing and yanking fistfuls
of paper from reams of dusty. forgotten scribbles: writing
and sticking, and writing and tearing, and running to place
each note in just the right spot. then scurrying back to
write some more. Most call him mad.

T think he's creating a map of Fate.

e's quite insane. no doubt about that. But then again,
the true geniuses usually are. I think it's going to be fasci-
nating to see what he discovers. if anything, but I have to
say Tm thankful Tm not the one who's shouldered his bur
den. I'm content simply to lose myself in the history that's
been pasted on his walls, all the stories of what was or
might have been. I mean, everyone's there, even if she hasn't
been born yet. Im just happy that the "Weaver's the one

Chapter Three: And it Was Written 113


I'VE BEEN SITTING OBSERVING THE WEAVER OF FATES FOR WHO KNOWS
HOW LONG AND THIS If HOW IT GOES:

ORDER OF OPERATIONS:

~ AVISITING ORACLE TELLS THE WEAVER EXACTLY WHAT SHE HAS SEEN.

PER

~ THE WEAVER SCRIBBLES DOWN EVERYTHING SAID ON A PIECE OF PA-

~ THE WEAVER READS THE VISION BACK TO THE ORACLE.

~ THE ORACLE CORRECTS ANY MISTAKES, OR NODS AND LEAVES.

~ THE WEAVER READS THE VISION AGAIN TO HIMSELF.

~ THE WEAVER GOES THROUGH THE CATACOMBS LOOKING FOR A

MATCH.
~ HE THEN EITHER:

A) FINDS ANOTHER SCRAP OF PAPER THAT HAS SIMILARITIES;
B) FINDS A STRAND OF POSSIBILITY THAT MAY RESULT IN SIMILAR POS-

SIBILITIES;

C) FINDS NOTHING THAT MATCHES THIS VISION, AND PLACES IT IN ITS

OWN CORRIDOR.

~ THE WEAVER STICKS THE PAPER IN PLACE ON THE WALL.
~ THE WEAVER RETURNS TO HIS STATION TO AWAIT HIS NEXT VISITOR.

keeping track of all them. de's the only one crazy enough to
try.

Each piece of paper records a vision, any glimpse of
Fatalism an Oracle may have, and each is lovingly placed
chronologically or by subject. in an endless attempt to sery
a pathway toward a possible future. Sometimes the rivulets
of prophecy cluster at some great event where many had
similar premonitions with different outcomes. At such junc-
tions the papers collide and buckle against one another, but
inevitably the Strand branches off again as time takes its
course and Fate chooses a way. The fluttering river con-
tinues, tributaries branch off and die, while others grow
and meet up with long-lost snatches of thought. Sometimes
these Strands coalesce into a raging tempest of Fatal warn-
ings, like those predicting the Fourth Maelstrom or the
Breaking. Then, after the deluge, the visions settle and
thin. The recor of Fatalism's prescience ebbs, and the ve-
sions are sporadic éslands of scrip on the walls. In essence,
it's like glancing at all the golden threads that Fate may

weave, but seen from the wrong side of the Shroud: broken,
faded and decayed. Ive spent (hours? days? years?) here
learning about everyone, including ourselves.

Tve seen the "Weaver now and again, less frequently
now than when I first died. Gut I visit, just as we all do, to
pay homage to his great work. All Oracles are requested to
report directly to the "Weaver once Fate's touch passes.
Te's not a requirement (more like a professional courtesy),
but most indulge him. Perhaps we do so only far the small
bit of immortality that comes from having our visions pre-
served. like the Quick scribbling graffiti on the bathroom
wall. Maybe we all want to be part of something bigger
than ourselves, or merely to indulge in base curiosity, just
to help see if he really will find some predictable pattern in
the web of Fate he's woven. Wouldn't that be something
marvelous?

| HAVE CHOSEN. | MUST SEE.

Guildbook: Oracles


A lone man is riding a skiff of reeds,
| eyes downcast. Pa paps up.
A shining hand appears and touches
him lightly on the brow. His eyes burn
with new vision. The disembodied hand.
that of a Woman, smoothes over his
strong shoulders, which hunch and
strain. tis back is now bent. On him.
she has laid the weight of an awesome
burden. But still he stands and steers

the unending current.

— Seen by Iphenia, 43rd Pythian

This is, quite clearly, a depiction of the selection of Charon.
But the Lady of Fate does not grant the messages so carelessly as
to send them without ripples of deeper meaning. The "hand"
not only symbolizes the Lady herself, but the literal Hand of
Fate, the proper name of the Legion of Fate. Weighing heavily
on Charon is the council of the Eighth Legion, the Ladies of
Fate, who first ruled over Charon's Enfant soul, plucking him
from the formless mists and claiming him as one of the earliest
examples of a "special death." Their rule far predated the forma-
tion of Stygia, loath though the Deathlords are to admit it.
Charon, purportedly, had vague suspicions about the circum-
stances surrounding his own demise, but such details must have
been known only to his Pardoner and his Shadow.

Being "touched on the brow" has similar repercussions, as
Oracles themselves are often symbolized by the "third (seeking)
eye" located in the center of their foreheads. Some Oracles even
bear such a deathmark, and are viewed with a certain awe in the
Pantheon's subsects. Does this indicate that Charon, himself,
had some Sight? Or, as most believe, did he merely bear the
mark as the Chosen of the Lady of Fate? One interpretation pos-
tulates that Charon was given a vision by the Lady of Fate in
order to demonstrate what it was she foresaw for him. The act of
pre-warning would become a recurring theme in Charon's rule.
Having been gifted with foreknowledge, he would always act
upon it at his own discretion.

g 100 best r0tl Brcet

Bhte/2$0-c001

am
And the children fight over their foys,
but the dolls are in the playhouse. Cors and
fains and stuffed animals they may have,
bet the dolls are all locked away. One dark
child lifts @ book with gray binding from the
highest shelf in the nutsery and beats af
the locks on the dollhovse seams. Tearing the
book, povndiing with the pieces, he succeeds
in cracking the wood atovnd the hinges and
sits down. One of the childten with sticky
fingers grabs a doll by its hair and pulls it
free. Soon, all the children play with dolls
again, and the book is discarded into the
unswept hearth,
— Seen by Renemve, clairvoyant watcher

aisle

Note that all the "toys" are inanimate likenesses, while the
"dolls" are shapes of living people. This is the revolt which pre-
cedes the Breaking. Charon had "locked away" the access to the
Skinlands with his Dictum Mortuum, the highest authority of his
law which is most likely to be found on the "highest shelf." "Bound
in gray," the Dictum Mortuum could be that which was forged in
the Deadlands, or framed in vague ideals. Charon's idealistic
notion of autonomy from the living world perhaps put him in
this role of a parent to the Guilds' status of "children," but the
Guilds were clever and nimble children. Simple and direct, much
like children, they did not shy away from "breaking" things that
keep them from their desires.

The "dark child" was originally translated by the Reader of
this vision as the Shadow of one of the Guildmasters, which then
served to warn the Pantheon of the coming disaster of someone's
Harrowing, or perhaps a hidden Spectre in our midst. However,
as this interpretation was never borne out by the events that
followed, the error was rectified by substituting the charred Arti-
ficers for the "dark child," perhaps going so far as to name Lord
Ember himself. Thus the prophecy becomes a much more accu-
rate reading.

We realized the Puppeteers, children of "sticky fingers," would
initiate the first acts against Charon's Word of the Dead, but
they were not the ones to initiate the coup. It was the "dark
child," the Artificers, who stepped in to challenge Charon in-
stead of circumventing his decree. Lord Ember had the courage


in order to achieve superiority. The Artificers' revolt deliv-
ered what it promised; all the children "play with dolls again."

What Lord Ember did not realize was that the thing be-
ing broken was Charon's will. "Cracked" around the lock, the
Dictum Mortuum was Charon's own word and the backbone
of his political standing. The Artificers bypassed his word and
allowed the first fissures to begin weakening Fate's Chosen's
reign. As Oracles, we were not as affected by the Dictum Mor-
tuum as were some of the other Guilds, but as with any change
of the Web, it affected us all. Charon himself knew this as
well... if only in hindsight.

Lastly, Charon's Word, the "book," lay strewn in the
"unswept hearth," a hearth littered with ashes. This is where
Charon's credo found death, in the fiery forges of the Artifi-

— Pictorial Sian of Yoshi Yellow-Moon, preliteral transcription

Oracles cannot choose who is friend and who is foe as
easily as others might. We shunt aside our personal feelings
to join with those who best serve the Web and to oppose those
who seek to destroy it. Whatever our humble opinions, Fate
dictates our allies and enemies, though, in some cases, there
is little personal resistance to our compliance.

Yoshi saw our greatest ties would be with the Artificers
and the Sandmen, evoking a double-bonding of political and
personal alliance. The potence of these alliances has become
evident throughout the ages. The Artificers hold the reins of
the political behemoth that is Stygia and supply our Guild
with currency, weaponry and ritualistic offerings. Sandmen
have been the backbone of the Oracular enterprise within
the Skinlands, our conduit into the Fated dreams of the liv-

ing. The dreamweavers have also recently agreed to the mu-
tually beneficial arrangement of information exchanges —
they tell us what they see in dreams while we skim the Webs
of favored Quick for Fatal pre-warnings. These ties have suited
us well.

The single-bond lines are those who share an unequal
relationship with the Oracles; one in which debts have to be
repaid. The balance, the chaos, the mask and the black eyes
would become our allies when the time was right. That time ¢
came during the Breaking. Though the soulforgers were our
allies, many in the Pantheon Saw that the coup would fail
despite the ill-chosen Way Charon had followed. As always,
Selena was moved to inform Charon of his future errors, but
not this time of his eventual victory over the Guilds. Under
the orders of the Grand High Oracle, the Oracles joined the {
coup as a show of our conviction that Charon's decision would
cost wraiths dearly. He saw our unity and received that mes- ¥
sage; that was all that was necessary. We knew the outcome
before the first blow was struck. '

Charon did not succeed because of his own innate righ-
teousness. The revolt failed because the Oracles chose to sabo-
tage the insurrection as the Way dictated we must. It is a grand
concealment of the Pantheon's. The Puppeteers would be jeal-
ous if they knew how often we play the Guilds with mari-
onette strings made of Fate's Web. Even Charon later admit-
ted that his was a hollow victory.

We withdrew, taking with us the destined ones: the Usu-
rers, the Haunters, the Masquers and the Harbingers. As yet, |
we have not asked for repayment, (though many representa-
tives have called offering favors; they do not seem to enjoy
being in the position of indebtedness), but we wait for the
proper signs indicating that their special talents are needed §\5 Y
by the Lady. 4

The final picture is that of the Forgotten Three, though ¥
it is unclear which one of them holds special importance. The ¥
Alchemists and the Solicitors have slipped into anonymity;
the Mnemoi were cast out because of their unscrupulous greed.
Whatever the purpose of the one essential Arcanos, we of the
Pantheon cannot afford to lose track of this vital piece of the
puzzle. Without calling attention directly to the search for §
this lost triad, we have begun our efforts to insist that all Guilds
must be properly aligned in order for Charon to return. Vague-
ness serves us well, for we will not be more specific and at- V9
tempt to force everyone into a unilateral compliance. Instead,
a few Oracular pronouncements have the others scurrying the
Damoclean sword we only hint at, and thus they serve our
ends. The stratagem goes slowly, but steadily. The promise of
anew era, or change of any sort, inspires most wraiths into at
least fitful action. Ennui is everyone's enemy.

The Prince of Wanderers will turn from
the mouth, but softly keeps the tongue
whispering in his ear, The sewers will vomit

SS forth the senturles of waste, and with
this drown the bee Into the Promised
Lang.

~ Seen by Elijah Greene, Doomsayer'
preacher

Here is where the history of the Dead changed forever.
Charon, master of the Ferrymen and the Sunless Seas, turned
from the wise counsel of Grand High Oracle Selena (yet again)
and brought about his own ruin. Ironically, his fall was due to his
own ignorance and shortsightedness... or was this the path Fate
had always intended for the Imperator? See where the "Prince of
Wanderers" still has the "tongue" of the "mouth" in his ear? This
is because Charon had listened to the words of the Oracles, yet
still abandoned their counsel to battle Gorool. Why? Perhaps
the oldest of reasons, his need for self-reliance and stubborn ad-
herence to his instincts driving him forth into the storm? In this
interpretation, though, there were deeper waters to be fathomed.

The prophetic speech mentioned here was spoken "softly."
What means this? Contrary to first thoughts, this was not "soft"
as in whispered words (as any could tell you, Selena's ringing
voice carried far when "communing" in the sanctum with
Charon), but kept as a secret. A very well-guarded and danger-
‘ous secret — much like the one we now hold — it became a pact
between the Oracles and Charon that they would publicly dis-
agree while Charon would quietly, that is "softly," take the good
advice he had been given to heart. The subterfuge was necessary
for then-unknown reasons. Now we understand: What desper-
ate actions would have been taken had the average wraith known.
that Charon would be crossing the Shroud back into the
Skinlands? Chaos and anarchy would have reigned. Many would
have sought to stop him, or, more frightening, attempted to join
him.

Gorool, the "centuries of waste," the Malfean of eons, at-
tempted to rise up and destroy Stygia, but unknowingly aided
Charon's Fated travels. While saving his city, Charon prepared
to meet his destiny with the words from the mouth of Selena
still ringing in his ear. Within this mighty conflict, the "bee"
that wielded a stinger of Siklos, was passed through the Shroud
and into the living body of a newborn babe. As it was said, so it
had been. The cycle will be complete. We safeguarded his pas-
sage and ensured his success. Now we will wait and orchestrate
his glorious return.


What No One Would Tel You
qhe ielth Legion

EDICT OF FORSWORN OBEDIENCE TO ORDER
WE ARE THE MARKED AND THE BLESSED
DESTINED TO HEAR

WE ARE THE SWORN AND THE CHOSEN
DESTINED TO JUDGE

WE ARE THE LADY'S* OWN AND THE

SHROUDED ONES

DESTINED TO RULE

IN HEREBY EDICT, WE RELEASE OUR GEAS
AND EMBODY THE HAND OF FATE
DESTINED TO DECREE.

* There is some discrepancy as to whether the proper transla-
tion is "Lady's" or "Ladies'," a difficult determination in an oral
edict, which is, I believe, at the heart of such controversy that af-
fects the echelons of our Stygian judicial branch.

— excerpt from the Collected Works of the Politicas Mort-
uum as written by Professor Adolphus Bracht

They are vague and undefined, powerful and secretive ,
the Legion of Fate, the Eighth Legion, the Fated Few. There
is an intimacy with the Pantheon that no one discusses, but
all know it's there. There is a suspicion about its members in
the troubled minds of the recruiters of the banished Guilds.
There is a mystery behind the doors that none may enter ex-
cept in judgment. That alone is a far more effective barrier
than any lock or gate — the secret remains hidden.

What does it mean, "Special Deaths?" There seems no
pattern to those Reaped by the Ladies of Fate. A pointed fin-
ger and a nod; perhaps some coin, perhaps not. No defiance.
No explanation. Submission and obedience. I believe I have
yet to see wraiths so utterly docile as those newly sworn into
the company of the Eighth Legion. Looking at them, I be-
lieve I have seen far more imposing Artificers and more terri-
fying Haunters... though, truth be told, most wraiths still
pierce my heart with an initial toothpick-stab of terror. What
is it about these souls in the Hand of Fate that makes their
word, quite literally, law?

"Tt was as Decreed," is the most common response I've
heard (whether they mean Fate's Decree or Charon's Decree
is uncertain, as few seem willing to say more than that on the

subject). Some, though, have spoken to me and from these §
tidbits of information I have brewed a theory which has the 4
bouquet of truth (if not quite the entire palate).

There seems to be one common thread that unites those
souls who are Reaped into the Legion of Fate: The Fated al-
ways take those whose deaths were foreseen by the Oracles ()
themselves. I can confirm this by searching the Catacombs §
and finding their descriptions, matching faces glimpsed on
Eurydice with names scrawled from visions. These were mor-
tals destined to die. The Pantheon saw it, knew it, and when
the fatal hour struck, the Legion claimed them first. Is this a
form of tithe to the Legion of Fate, the judge and jury in the
land of the Dead? Give them what they want, and they'll
remember the favor, much as in life? Who watches the Watch-
ers? I don't believe the question is as simple as that.

I believe the Oracles skim the cream from the crop.

Blasphemy, you say, and I laugh at you. Perhaps it is a
blasphemous theory, but who has guessed besides myself? Why
would so many recruiters from other Guilds have grumbled
complaints about losing talent to the Ladies of Fate, but not
the Oracles? It seems that all Guilds have been plagued with
having their neophytes stolen, sometimes Caul and all, from
under their proverbial noses. But even when robbed of choice
Thralls or thwarted from harvesting new talent, no one even
considers rising against the Eighth Legion. Fate and destiny
may very well be a justification, but the more believable ex-
planation, I believe, is a direct act of greed.

And I say, "Bravo" for them!

If this is so, the Pantheon has not only clandestine ties
to the Hierarchy and the judicial court, but also the means to
manipulate lives and deaths of chosen people through the
Shroud with pinpoint accuracy and all the resources Stygia
can bring to bear. Favorites are spoon-fed into the maw of the
Eighth Legion. Such attention should be viewed with humble
awe — only the finest are taken thus, after all. What an honor
to be killed as the best! The Pantheon enriches its "official"
pool of Oracles in Stygia while simultaneously gaining favor
with one of the most powerful organizations in the Deadlands.
Truly, an inspirational achievement!

Then again, I may be giving the Pantheon far too much
credit.

Or myself far too little. I think I smell self-employment
on the winds.

riends in Dark Pacesfoe in Shadows

I see a woman. She is sit-
= ting. She wears a simple

black gown, and her hands
are bound in what looks to
be a cat's cradle of wire.
Her eyes are covered with a
blood-soaked rag, though I
eannot tell if the blood is
hers.

She sits in the center of a
ring of mirrors. All alter
her image in some way. None
show her as she truly ap-
pears, but as I look back to
where she sits, her image
wavers and shifts and even-
tually crumbles to dust. All
blows away, then. All blows
away.

— Seen by Malik Bell, of the
Order of Babylon

This prophecy has a corridor all to itself. Even the Weaver
of Fates has not visited in years. Some say he is afraid to.

There is little speculation as to what this particular scrap |
of sight means. As the vision has not appeared anyone other
than its original Seer, there is fervent hope that the Sight
represented a momentary probability that has long since van-
ished into impossibility. Why, you might ask. Well, the an-
swer is simple. The Weaver of Fates, and those few scholars
who have spoken with him all agree:

The prophecy foretells the destruction of the Lady her-
self.

That is as far as the agreement goes, however. The method
of this catastrophe remains thankfully, maddeningly vague.
Some have suggested that the altered images in the mirrors
reflect the other denizens of the supernatural world, vampires
and mages and so on. That might explain the "distortion"
noted by Bell, with each player at Fate an imperfect reflec-
tion of the Lady's absolute perfection at her task.

The notion has its detractors, though. We rarely, if ever,
deal with the beasts of the Skinlands, save when their strands
thrum particularly energetically in the weave of Fate. Vam-
pires and werewolves are useful, yes, in cutting strands short
so that the Eighth Legion might reap them. Both breeds put
great stock in ritual and sign as well, and thus are susceptible

to the manipulations of our Sandman allies. However, even
the most suspicious skinchanger, the most paranoid vampire
never sees our hand on the loom.

In opposition, the strands of the Fair Folk are bright, but
thinning ever faster as the years careen by. How could they,
scattered and confused, affect the downfall of our Lady? And
the mages, even those who See with Sight nearly as clear as
our own, are preoccupied with their own petty wars. Even
those who look into the Underworld look past us, into the
Labyrinth or to the Isle. Perhaps they could be the key, then,
for who knows what they will find — or wake — should they
look too closely.

But in the end it is a lone prophecy.

In the end, it has never been repeated.

In the end, it will come to nothing.


hen the Web of Fate lies open like a lover,
¥j| it's awfully tempting to play. Consequence
y4 is the underlying credo that holds the
i! Oracles' power in check, and why neo-
phytes are put through such strict initia-
tions and disciplinarian methods for de-
veloping control. Nothing is more dan-
gerous than a rogue Oracle bent on playing the Web like an
electric guitar... except an ignorant Oracle accidentally cre-
ating havoc by thoughtlessly strumming the threads of possi-
bility. To have someone blithely tampering with the possible
outcomes of futures can affect, well, everyone. That is why
many nascent wraiths plagued with Fatalism go missing, later
to be regurgitated from the forges as door jambs.

But then again, those who have the control also have
the power. More so, those Oracles with self-control possess a
great and noble power that, in itself, can infuse the bearer
with a sense of self-confidence and assurance. Who could ask
for more in a realm where perception equals reality? An Oracle
with the confidence to succeed finds that success breeds suc-
cess, and more clients.

New Arcanoic Methods

Seated at the nexus of the Web of Fate sits the Oracle. 8

Arachne incarnate, lying amidst her weavings, oftentimes sim-
ply reading the futures that branch out to infinity from where
she rests. She can be observer, advisor, infiltrator or destroyer.
Fingers plucking the delicate lifelines, severing and recon-
necting strands of possibility, she rewrites the way things might
have been, but have not been yet.

For the Oracle, the past is permanent, immutable stone, ¥
while the future is yielding clay. An accomplished artist can
use her talents to surround herself with beauty or engulf an-
other in despair. But nothing is created from nothing — the
price of intervention is high. Some few are willing to pay it,
and that is why the gifted Oracles are so valuable to the con-
sumer. Web manipulators are respected for their art, their skill
and their willingness to take risks, but feared for those same
qualities. Still, most Oracles abide by the Zen of their ideol-
ogy: enjoying the beauty they see and do not touch. These
more stoic Oracles are respected for their wisdom, and they

tend to endure long after their rash colleagues have fallen by
the wayside.

123

Everything matures, transforms, grows. Evolution con-
tinues. It is the basic truth of the universe — things change.
As our eyes are opened wider, we See more. We know more.
We are more.

Factions and Fatalism

The faction to which an Oracle belongs is far
more than just her political affiliation. The particu-
lar method of casting fortunes that particular fac
tion uses has a profound impact on an individual's
ability to See. When an Oracle is surrounded by the
paraphernalia and using the techniques of her fae-
tion, she is at -2 difficulty on all attempts to use
Fatalism. On the other hand, an Oracle whose alle-
giance is to the Delphics is at +2 difficulty on all
attempts to use Fatalism when not doing so "prop
erly." This restriction only affects wraiths who are
members of the Guild. However, a non-Guild wraith
who uses Fatalism in sight of a true Oracle is likely

‘alocehio, if not worse.

Optional Rul

mandate that performing any sort of Fatalism art

2 If Storytellers wish, they can

Without proper equipment demands that the wraith
achieve at least two successes before reaping any
benefit. This optional rule serves to reflect the sheer
difficulty of working with Fate's web, particularly

without sufficient preparation or the right tools.

Basic Ability: Srying

A unique manifestation of the Arcanos, Scrying is more
than just a Basic Ability. It is the very act that defines the
Guild, the moment of peering into the future in hopes of en-
lightenment.

System: Oracles' ability to Scry improves as their powers
increase. In an attempt to see the future, the Oracle sacri-
fices (six minus her Enigmas rating) points of Pathos, and
then indulges in her particular technique (entrail reading,
pyromancy, etc.). With a roll of Perception + Fatalism (diffi-
culty 10 minus the Oracle's Fatalism rating), she then attempts
to see what the future holds. The number of successes deter-
mines the degree and nature of revelation revealed; a botch
grants false visions which seem utterly real.

The visions Scrying produces can come in a variety of
forms: Stentorian voices intoning the deeds of the future, hazy
images, dreamlike phantasmagoria and so on. Usually the
imagery fits itself to the method of scrying, so a modern Clair-

124

Guildbook: Oracles

voyant is likely to have an "angel" or "spirit guide" tell her of
the future, while a Gambler is liable to see faces of actors on
the future stage etched onto the face cards of his favorite deck.

This technique allows for beginning Oracles to scry great-
ness and for past masters of prophecy to have their vision
clouded — but such is Fate. As always, over-reliance on
Scrying comes with unexpected, and possibly Fatal, conse-
quences.

* Distant Visions

A truly talented Oracle can sometimes get premonitions
about how her actions are affecting outcomes of seemingly
unrelated events. She can already see a tiny corner of the
"Big Picture" and how distant actions are truly interconnected,
However, with a good grasp of possible odds and the six-de-
grees-of-separation theory, she can have a better than aver
age guesstimate rate about what is happening elsewhere at
that very same moment. While often an invaluable piece of
information to know, the data gleaned from this art cannot
be affected. Distant Visions shows instances occurring at the
same time as the present, so there is nothing much that can be
done about them. However, just knowing what's going on can
be very useful indeed.

System: The player burns a point of Pathos and rolls Per-
ception + Fatalism (difficulty 7). The more successes rolled,
the more control the Oracle has over what she sees. A single
success shows an uncontrolled image of something happening
somewhere in the Shadowlands. Five successes shows exactly
what the Oracle wants to see, the vision lasting for a single
scene. Botches show false images, possibly echoing from the
Labyrinth.

A Quick Read

One who can gather visions from objects need not limit
her inquiries to the boundaries of the Shadowlands. If pre-
sented with a new relic, she can do a reading about the living
person whose karma is linked to this particular object. This
"attuning" talent is a particular favorite among those wraiths
whose Fetters are living people, and who periodically want
updates about those Fetters' futures. Premonitions of this na-
ture often are thematic with the "how" or "when" of a person's
death or an upcoming extreme emotion experienced by that
person.

System: To use A Quick Read, the player spends a point
of Pathos and rolls Perception + Fatalism (difficulty 7). Each
success gives a clearer image of what's in store for the relic's
former owner.

" Malocchio

The "Evil Eye" is an art as old as history, and twice as
vicious. This art places a dark "marker" on the recipient that


Ne ;
NNN S feels ALAS

can be detected only by others with at least ¢® in Fatalism
(Perception + Fatalism, difficulty 8). The mark alerts the ob-
server that this is someone who has crossed an Oracle, and is
paying the consequences. Also, the sign of the Evil Eye de-
notes that the person thus marked is a catch in the Web and
serves as a magnet for Fate's attention.

Knowledge that someone has been marked with
Malocchio is enough to send any sane wraith scurrying else-
where for company. While no one can predict exactly what
type of attention the Lady may bestow upon a marked wraith,
the result of being tagged is much akin to the ancient Chi-
nese proverb: "May you live in interesting times." No wraith
wants to be that interesting — especially when dealing with
souls whose interests can last for all eternity.

System: The player whose Oracle wishes to mark some-
one with the Evil Eye rolls Manipulation + Fatalism (diffi-
culty 7, at least two successes necessary). The more successes
tolled, the more emphatic the effects of the Evil Eye. More-
over, the mark never comes off unless actively removed. The
effects of the Evil Eye can be countermanded, either by spend-
ing a permanent Willpower point or by having another Oracle
remove it (Manipulation + Fatalism roll, difficulty 8, two suc-
cesses needed). Of course, the Evil Eye cannot be removed
until the victim first learns that it is there...

While there is no standard effect, the Storyteller should
feel free to bombard the victim of this art with all sorts of Bad
Luck (as per the Thorn), extra Angst and whatnot.

Malocchio costs a point of Willpower, and gives the user
apoint of temporary Angst. If the victim did not deserve the
Evil Eye, then an additional point of Angst gets added to the
tally.

ooo

EPO

Detecting interferen

An Oracle can detect any sort of Fatalistic inter
ference (the type, if not the details) on another wraith,
provided she has mastered the Arcanos to a degree
matching or exceeding the level of interference. An
Oracle can look at another wraith and, just as with
Malocchio (the player rolls Perception + Fatalism, dif-
ficulty 8), see if there has been any outside meddling
with his Fate, assuming the meddling was done with an
art that the Oracle herself could have mastered by this

point in her training. So an Oracle with just one dot in

the Arcanos would be blind to the effects of Tangles,

but not one who has achieved ¢ © of mastery.

it eae

 Plling Strings

This is the basic task of learning to manipulate the Web,
not just to observe its happenings down the way. It is the first
step of interference, both the least powerful art of this sort
and the most dangerous to the young Fatalist. Pushing the
boundaries may draw an Oracular neophyte into the Web it-
self, where he becomes part of the future he was trying to
change.

System: This art requires the investment of 2 points of
Pathos, the acceptance of a point of Angst and a Perception
+ Fatalism roll (difficulty 8, two successes needed). On suc-
cess, the Oracle's player may ask the Storyteller one question
about the upcoming events of the story, and thus can plan
accordingly. A botch, on the other hand, means that the player "
has to tell the Storyteller the next major action he intended
for his character, and cannot deviate from that course no
matter what. Of course, the Storyteller can then share that
information with the Oracle's Shadow, or even with other
wraiths if he deems it prudent to do so....

vm Taneles

The art of Tangles lets an Oracle twist the strand of an-
other wraith's destiny. Snapping the thread is beyond the
Oracle's capability, but with the exercise of sufficient Will-
power (2 points), a thread of someone's Fate can be tangled,
knotted and stretched. The effect of this entanglement is the
victim finds himself beset by adverse circumstance every time
he tries to follow up on one of his Passions. The complica-
tions are rarely fatal, but always annoying and occasionally
dangerous.

System: By spending 2 points of Willpower and 2 points
of Pathos (and accepting 2 points of Angst), the player can
roll Manipulation + Fatalism (difficulty 7) to use this art. The
number of successes indicates the rating of the Passion that
can be affected by Tangles — four successes means that the
Storyteller picks a Passion of the victim's of up to (but not
necessarily) four dots to interfere with. A botch on Tangles
has predictable results, hoisting the offending Oracle on his
own petard.

wow Ensnare

A high-level skill in Web manipulation, Ensnare allows
an Oracle to set a snare for a particular person in the Web of
Fate itself. The entangled victim gets bound up in the fates of
others, no longer master of his own destiny. This can have an
extremely detrimental effect on everything from the victim's
Passions to his ability to tend his Fetters.

System: This art is extremely dangerous to use, as a botch
can trap the user in the snare set for another. Before the pro-
cess of Ensnaring a wraith can begin, the player must invest 2
points of Willpower and 3 points of Pathos, and accept 3 points


SDS END
of Angst as well. Manipulation + Fatalism (difficulty 9) must
be rolled, and the number of successes determines how fierce
a trap the Oracle sets.

If the attempt is successful, the target suddenly finds her-
self a victim of circumstance. Whatever goals she has been
working toward (at Storyteller discretion) become warped or
subverted into the goals of another wraith, possibly even a
Deathlord or Guildmaster. Difficulty on all rolls to regain
Pathos goes up by one until the wraith somehow disentangles
herself from the trap, and all Fetters are considered to have
their ratings reduced by one. The only way out of the trap is
roleplaying, and only the Storyteller can decide when the vic-
tim has managed to free herself.

Affecting the Skinlands

Most arts of Fatalism have no effect

across the Shroud. On the other hand, at

Storyteller discretion, an Oracle can spend

an additional Willpower point and target a
creature in the Skinlands. Awakened souls

are, of course, susceptible.

Merits and Flaws

The following Merits and Flaws are available only to
Oracle characters. These Merits and Flaws should be used like
the ones in the Wraith Players Guide, and thus be bought
with freebie points at the end of character generation. Flaws
can be bought off with experience at Storyteller discretion,
and both Merits and Flaws can (if appropriate) be picked up
during the course of a chronicle as well.

The Bottom Line (1 point Mert)

The knowledge of a wraith's Lifestrand, the flow of her
existence, is the basis of all Fatalism. You have the final knowl-
edge of how it will end. There's no date or year to your vision,
no image of the instances leading up to the event, but the
general how and/or where of your ultimate fate has flashed
before your eyes. This may encourage you to take some risks
you might not have otherwise, out of knowledge that the time
is not yet ripe for you to go.

With this Merit, you get an instantaneous — and usually
accurate — gut feeling about anyone you meet. There's no
detail involved, just a visceral reaction as to whether some-
one is good news or not.

Obviously, this involves asking your Storyteller for a read-
ing. Just remember, the Vibes you get on someone are usually
correct — but not always. Over-reliance on this Merit can
get you in very deep trouble indeed.

justin, the Nick in Time (4 point Mert)

His name is Justin. He's invisible to everyone except the
one he's saving. He's a guardian... something or other. Suspi-
cions are that he's a spirit or some sort of Fate-skimmer, a
chink in the strands of Stygian Webs. He appears when he
wants to, with a hint or clue or piece of advice — a one-line
wonder — and then he's gone as if he'd never been. But his |
words are always useful somewhere down the line. His atten- }
tion is favorable, but his deliverance jarring. "Expect the un-
expected," and expect Justin soon afterward.

Storyteller note: Justin is a manifestation of Fate's ef-
forts to unkink its Web with a minimum of fuss. Appearingas §
a nondescript man, Justin shows up just long enough to offer
some pithy advice or clue about escaping a snarl the wraith is
in, and then vanishes. Feel free to make Justin look and sound
however you like. He doesn't have to appear the same way
twice, or even announce his presence at all.

As for what exactly Justin is, well...

Bearer of Bad News (point flaw)

Some Oracles, especially Doomsayers, are die-hard pes-
simists. They are quick to mention dire fates and consequences (ff
to any and all who will listen (which is quite a vocal range
given some of them), but are loathe to say anything pleasant
or uplifting. "Seek and ye shall find" is the best advantage a
Bearer of Bad News can have. With an eye for gloom and
doom, it's no wonder they find it so readily.

With this Flaw you are at -2 difficulty on all rolls to See
something awful in the immediate future. On the other hand,
you are often unable to mention something good you See,
even if the vision benefits you as well.

Flashes (2 point flaw)

You have no control over your Scrying. Whenever the
Storyteller feels like it, he rolls to see what visions of the fu-
ture pass before your eyes. This can happen during Slumber
or combat, or at any time in between. The vision could be
helpful or completely pointless, clear as day or totally incom-
prehensible. Whatever it may be, you can't control your own
Sight in any way, shape or form. As such, you never can quite

Chapter Four: Opening Them Wider 127

trust yourself to commit to any action, for fear of being struck
down by the prophetic muse in the middle of what you are
doing.

Rule of Three (2 point Flaw)

The rood of the Wiccan faith — "Whatever you do will
return unto you threefold," — is true for both positive and
negative energy. You are cursed/blessed with this Flaw, and
everything you do reverberates back to you with three times
the oomph you put in. Commonly possessed by Clairvoyant
Oracles, this Flaw carries with it huge risks as well as some
rewards. For, while all the good you do gets showered back
upon you, any harm that you do returns as well. As for the
consequences of destroying another soul...

Storyteller note: Feel free to work the retribution or re-
ward this Flaw demands into the story. Fate is subtle, and ex-
acts its price in its own time. Don't force a wraith with this
Flaw just to mark off Corpus Levels equal to thrice the dam-
age she does. Find away to extract those levels (sneak attacks,
forcing her to walk through solid objects) indirectly, so that
the wraith may not even realize she's paying — at first.

Serendipity (3 point Flaw)

You are always in the wrong place at the wrong time.
When the Legionnaires bust into the Renegade hideout, you're
the innocent bystander who just wandered in. When the Spec-
tres tear a Nihil into a crowded Haunt, it's your chair they
come up under. When a Masquer assassin chooses a random
face for a job, he somehow always settles on yours. And so on.

Kassandra Complex (point Flaw)

As punishment for spurning the love of Apollo, Kassandra

D. received a devastating addendum to her gift of Sight — no

one would believe any of her predictions. No matter how ac-
curate the reading, how clear your vision, or how often you
have been proven correct in the past, your word carries no
weight with those around you. This Flaw is the ultimate curse
and insult that can be suffered by a translator of Fatalism, and
your Shadow loves pointing this out. (This Flaw needs the
cooperation of all the members of your gaming Circle in or-
der to be effective.)

Speaking in Tongues ( point flaw)

When receiving a vision, your ability to communicate it
is lost. What manages to emerge from your lips is horribly
garbled, mangled to the point of incomprehension. The style
of gibberish can be anything from an ancient dialect no one
knows to a mish-mash of different languages all strung to-
gether to a nonsense babble of hysterical sounds. Only one
thing matters, though: In essence, no one can understand the

128 Guildbook: Oracles

divination, and thus no good can be extracted from it. Any
attempt to transmit the content of the vision, whether writ-
ten or spoken, falls prey to this misbegotten glossollalia. You
can still act on what you've Seen, but others may not under-
stand what you're doing, and your explanations will do you
no good.

Broken Record (7 point flaw)

You are destined to repeat the same thing over and over
again. A snag in the loom of Fate has caught your thread and
warped you into a knot that is inescapable. You are doomed
to find yourself in the same situations again and again, re-
gardless of the choices you make. You are destined to repeat
the same thing over and over again. A snag in the loom of
Fate has caught your thread and warped you into a knot that
is inescapable. You are doomed to find yourself in the same
situations again and again, regardless of the choices you make.
You are destined to repeat the same thing over and over again.
A snag in the loom of Fate...

Artitacts

The Oracles, perhaps more than any other Guild, are
dependent upon props and articles to perform their chosen
Arcanos. Most times, the athames and cards, braziers and bowls
are all simple relics, more important for their symbolic power
than for any inherent potence. On the other hand, there are

a few toys that the Oracles play with that have real power.
Here is a sample.

Soulfite Brazier (Common, level |)

There is little special about this brazier, save that it has a
few minor — but odd — effects on soulfire. First of all, the
brazier has been somehow toughened during the forging pro-
cess — current theory has it that the Artificers layer actual
relics with soulsteel — to withstand the heat of multiple
soulfire crystals. Second, by some unknown method, the bra-
zier encourages those crystals to whip into shapes of flame
reminiscent of real fire, allowing for pyromancy and the imi-
tation of burnt offerings.

No one has yet attempted to put barrowflame in a soulfire
brazier for scrying purposes, which is probably for the best.

Wisp (Common, level 2)

Rather than forge all the souls they receive, the Artifi-
cers occasionally allow some souls simply to melt, absorbing
the odd smoke given off by soulfire and dripping down into
block-shaped molds. There, the impure souls re-solidify as the
resinous substance called whisp.


Whisp is softer and more brittle than regular soulsteel,
presumable from the impurities it absorbed while being slowly
melted down. Thus, it is pretty much useless for anything other
than divination purposes (see page 99). On the other hand,
to the Delphics whisp is useful indeed, and they take great
pains to make certain their supply remains uninterrupted.

Krucklebones (Luxury, evel 3)

Quite rare, Knucklebones are found on the decks of La
Belle LaFayette and in few other places. The relics of the knuck-
les of dead thieves and gamblers, they've crossed the Shroud
imbued with some fraction of the luck — good or bad — of
the previous owner. At Storyteller discretion, the Bones have
either good or bad luck (as per the Thorn: Bad Luck, which
can be inverted to give Good Luck). However, the luck de-
cides when it is or isn't going to come out to play — the wraith
who owns the Knucklebones has no say in the matter.

Most Knucklebones appear to be simply dice made from
human bone. A few don't appear to be anything other than
just a random assortment of bones, but these are extremely
rare, and are usually kept in a joss bag or strung on a necklace
to keep them safe.

Reed bun thie lel 5)

Supposedly this bundle of reeds from the River of Death
is kept in the inner sanctum of the Pantheon's Temple. Ac-
cording to legend, this simple bundle, bound with relic rope,
was used by the Lady of Fate herself to grant her benediction
to Charon. So far as anyone knows, the bundle is genuine but
has no unique powers. Its symbolic power, however, more than
makes up for that. A wraith who dares touch the Reed Bundle
will either find herself at the head of the Oracles or torn to
shreds by an angry mob.


The future has many forces, and many are the
eyes that have gazed upon what might yet be.
Here are a few of those who have seen, or Seen,
what is to come. Do with them what you will —

but remember, they just might have seen you
coming...

SS

) Televangelis

Quote: Judgment Day is upon us! Repent, repeal, and
let me bring you into the light!

Prelude: Stewart, Baker, Helms — damned faith
healers, the lot of ‘em! The worthless vermin who in-
fest the planet are no more worthy of the Almighty's
love than rats or lice. "Spare the rod and spoil the child,"
and the good L-rd knows His children are spoiled to
the core! They're blatant lovers of the Seven
Deadlies, and wallow in their filth like hogs
fat for slaughter. They are base, degraded,
pathetic walkers en route to darkness, and
they long to be told so. They want to see
the truth, shrink from their vileness, and
be guided back to the light, but as Rev.

Matthews used to say, it's hell on the /
ticker to drag them back from damnation. Wy
Martyred for the cause, that was you in a
nutshell. '

When the doctor said that you'd bet-
ter get a last will and testament all signed
and notarized, you paid him well from the
founder's fund to keep it quiet. You then went
on a holy pilgrimage to raise "clean, sinless
money" for the L-rd to show how many out there
still believed in you, their messenger of all that
was holly, else you would be struck down by the
wrath of the Dark One because he would have
won this round of the stakes. You did pretty well;
wrapped up over two-point-six million before you
had to take to bed. Another few hundred thou-
sand pulsed in after you left the air. You did a
scathing sermon from the hospital via satellite,
and died during a commercial break for some
damned animated Biblical videos.

You tore through your filthy white stuff mad-

der than spit. When you saw all the folks just
walking around with that zombielike expression

only the true sheep have, you just continued where

you left off. Screaming fire and brimstone, you
never missed a beat of that old ticker's rhythm.
Some fellow carrying a sign that read "Oblivion Is
Within Us" stopped by to listen, and then ap-
proached as the sulfur and acid in your voice wound
down. He brought you directly to his Prophet and,
once introduced, you proceeded to tell this bozo in
no uncertain terms that he was no Prophet of yours,
and where did he come off masquerading as the good
Messiah in this den of sin? This seemed to amuse him ff
tono end, and won you your place in Doomsayer poli-
tics. Martyred again, you seem to have been caught
in this Purgatory to carry out your work beyond the grave.

Guildbook: Oracles

dead, they don't know your ratings!
Concept: You are a loud speaker with a damning
ting to your voice and manner. As far as you're con-
cerned, everyone's beneath you
(though you have the friendly re-
spect of an equal in the Prophet).
You believe wholeheartedly in
the Doomsayer cause and in your
nieed for secrecy, but you never miss
your chance to perform your
burning take on What Will Hap
pen To You If You Don't Follow
‘\ Me for the camera. That's your
} real Passion.
Roleplaying Notes: You
/ are self-righteous, self-assured
and self-aggrandizing to the
point of being nauseating. You are
ever-willing to steer people in the right _
direction while simultaneously insulting
their depraved behaviors in those little,
slighting ways only the truly talented
have mastered. Just flash folks that pat-
ented, enamel-capped smile while de-
nouncing their sins; it takes the edge
off. Everyone secretly disgusts you
While you've shouldered the burden
of bringing the truth to light, as it were,
you don't have to believe that anybody
will actually be saved. How could those
slugs earn salvation? They're nothing —
like you. 3}
Relics: Copy of the Bible which
has its identifiable ‘thump' depression,
crucifix with a shiver of the "True
Cross" on a chain, an entire bridge of
capped enamel teeth


N
Ly

)

rocoto fetes o-oo

Sound Gtage @e@e@00
Savings Box Linder _OOOOO
Your Bed

Secretary O00
OO000

OO0000

HOO (ld Marks O-OrO-O-o-c

Sigils

Name; Nature: Visionary life. Televangelist AN
Player: Demeanor; Bravo Death: Zisease at
"© Chronicle: Shadow: TAe Parent Regret: 710t Saving the WiPortd
Attri tutes PCOS GOOD ODOOOOCO
Physical Sacil ental
Strength. @0000 Charisma @@@@@ Perception, |
Dexterity, @0000 Manipulation. @O Intelligence. :
Stamina. @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits
Abilities COCO GOOCOCOORPOOCODOO
Talents sls Knowledges \
Alertness, @@@00 Crafts OOOOO Bureaucracy. @@000
Athletics. OOOOO Drive OOO00O Computer. 00000
Awareness, @0000 Etiquette. @0000 Enigmas OO0O000
Brawl, OOOOO Firearms. OOOOO Investigation, 00000
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. ©0000 Law 00000
Empathy. Meditation, OOOOO Linguistics, 00000
Expression, Melee. OOOOO Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, Performance. @@@00 Occult. 00000
Streetwise, Repair. OOOOO Politics. @e@000
Subterfuge, Stealth, OOOOO Science. 00000
Backgrounds Passions Arcanoi ;

Legay 000 ‘onvert Pheathens (Pride) @ Gastigate ss @@OOO
Memoriam @e00e0 Get Money (creed ry e GFatatism @e@e@00
Noteriety OOOO Care For Lhe Masses @0000 00000
Lidoton @0000 (Love 00000 00000

00000 00000 00000 |

00000 00000 00000

00000 00000 00000

e@e2eee080000 ©@0ee@0800000
OD000000000 gouogbobodoo

seoeo: Hilo cocoa. Drick of Ligh
S©@OORSBBO OOO $ Shaktived Fac ‘
DQOO0000000 BrrkAttss()

spooo-e files ooo me< (Gulp Loathing) Greate hs @@@ee | 4.
BB DD wD BD ther organized Religions @OOOO

late) Evyose other


Quote: Yeah, hon, definitely don't go to the Iron Hills while
Mars is ascending, and avoid wraiths whose names start with the
letter ‘B,' they've got it in for you — oops! Please hold....

Prelude: Call girls can stick it in their receiver.
When someone dials a 900 number, it is you they're
calling for a guaranteed pleaser. You began
working as a phone psychic just after college
while you "looked for something else," but
found it really grew on you. The more you
talked with desperate voices wanting answers
over the fiber-optic line, the more confident
you felt in giving them exactly what they
wanted to hear. You were the dial-up
pimp of aural gratification.

You can tell a lot about a per-
son by his or her voice, not just the
sound of it, but the tone, the empha-
sis — everything. You learned that
how something is said is not nearly as
important as what is (or isn't) said.

You could've earned your Ph.D. in
Psychology easy after what you've
dished out — that, or at least got-
ten a grant to study these indeci.
sive phone addicts. Your clientele
included everyone from housewives
to statesmen. Recognizing your cli-
ents' voices on the evening news
sound bites became a sport for you.

Anyway, it was a clean living.
The job paid pretty well, had flexible'
hours, and let you talk on the phone
while catching up on your reading,
sewing, fingernails and whatever.

Unfortunately, it was living un-
til the lightning storm snapped,

crackled and popped you out of ex-

istence while you were servicing a

particularly gabby customer. Four

zillion volts fried your brain right

through the headset. The thing was

still melded to your skull when you

woke up ina place that was definitely

not your office cubicle. You were dan-

gling over the ground with this guy in

an armored skirt holding you by the back

of your shirt collar. You wisely bit back the comment about
his fashion sense, and instead offered to advise that if he
wanted to succeed in life, he should follow his Piscean incli-
nations and know his lucky number was three. Well, you got
his attention. Soon you were marched into the Marshal's

134

Guildbook: Oracles

chambers and set up with a job doing basically what you've
always been doing. Now, though, the subject matter's a lot
more interesting.
You are the Hierarchy's best-kept secret (or at least you'd
like to think so). You can "plug into" the Marshal's meetings
in order to "read" the speakers and report your findings
back to your superiors. You are the ultimate Oracle of
confidentiality, needing only to sit in a confessional
box and hear the voices on the other side of the screen
in order to do your thing. You've used your ability
to detect nuances in speech and instinctive char
acter judgment to burrow a nice niche for yourself
within the middle ranks of the system, You're not
so big to get loads of responsibility, but not so
little as to get pushed around a lot. Quite
happy with the status quo, you are
a loyal member of the Hierarchy.
Your work pays pretty well, has
flexible hours, and lets you keep
your headset on while catching up on
your reading, sewing, fingernails, what-
ever.
Concept: You see nothing wrong
with the Hierarchy. Heck, if you can't be
Be clever enough to use the system, it's your
y own damned fault. You have nothing re-
ally against the Renegades, but think the
Heretics are a bunch of wackos who are
mixing church and state again —a classic
oil-and-water no-no. Loyal to the system,
you do not withhold any information from
your bosses, but this doesn't mean you don't
keep your own records for "leverage" over
your customers either. While you may never
see your clients' faces, you're awfully good
at recalling voices. You're the one who te-
ally knows who's who around here.
Roleplaying Notes: You are shallow
in purpose, straightforward with attitude
and vague in response. Horoscopes are
generally applicable to everyone with
some bizarre references thrown in on
purpose; this is why they seem to talk
to everyone specifically about them-
selves. The same principle applies here.
You can pick up speech patterns, minute
pauses and vocal inflections which add a
lot to the way you direct your Fatalism. Such insight also helps
you ask the right questions and find the right answers. You're
young, charismatic and quick to shift the focus onto someone
else when put in a pinch.
Relics: Telephone headset with mouth-mike, pyramid
power crystal


) Stamina,

*) Alertness,

1 Soeerm

Nature: anti - Garde
Demeanor: Wedzator
Shadow: The Freak
Artributes
Sovil

@0000 Charisma.
(OOO Manipulation.
(OO Appearance

Abi ites

@00
OO
O00

Dexterity.

Talents
Crafts,
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms.
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

00000
00000
@0000
00000
00000
@0000
@0000
00000
00000
@@000

| Athletics
Awareness,
Brawl.
Dodge.

) Empathy.

» Expression,
Intimidation,

Subterfuge.

Phone Psychic
Death: Electrocution
. Not seeing predictions

come true

DOIOOSSO0-D-oCCODOROOOCS

Perception,
Intelligence.
Wits,

Bureaucracy,
Computer,
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics,
Science.

{ Backgrounds Passions
A tties @@000 Collect Gossip om Pople QOOOO

Contacts @@000 (Curiosity) e e
Status @@@00 Direct the tives of Others @ e

OO0000 (Ego) 00000
OO000

OOO00O0
OO000

00000
00000
00000

Cores _—Ss— SC 000080 BOOB C8GOe8eee
OA Aparicer ecccoe
) Pe Bird @0000

00000 @@
00000 gq

eco
OOO

dian aeRO
Lifewsh 0000 |

pa AR BESS AE SEOOOOO
00000
0000

e0e OK


Quote: We are all on the Great Wheel of Life; unbalance it
once too often and it will roll right over you.

Prelude: You first visited a Renaissance festival when you
were seven and thought it the most magical, beautiful place
you had ever seen. At 17, you quit high school to join the
troupe's ranks and travel along the festival's yearly entertain-
ment route. You left behind all the bourgeois politics, the
oppressive System and your patriarchal home religion
with no hesitation and little regret. You were a pas-
sionate wanderer, free and unfettered, with a tribal
family of Wiccans as your friends and lovers.

Your death was a freak accident. You fell from
arickety balcony on one of the shopkeepers' sets,
and you landed in the reality opposite the
Shroud. As quickly as you were har-
vested into the fold, you wanted out.
It took you no time to discern that
that Hierarchy was the System that
you had avoided all through life,
and that Renegades were the noisy
radicals who were just another Sys-
tem with a bannerful of causes. You
wanted the security of the coven
once again. In an act of desperation,
you had one of the other Thralls
make a sloppy Moliation of a pen-
tagram on your chest, hoping that
the sign would alert others of your
bent. It hurt like hell, but not as
much as the beating you received
from your master afterward.

Whether it was this act of defi-
ance or your fervent praying that got
the Heretic cult's attention you never
knew or cared. Someone came and,
with a small pack of associates, swiftly
broke your bonds. He carried you off into
the night even as you whispered your heart-
felt thanks. The Children of the Green wel-
comed you into their arms, and you have given
them everything of yourself since. Dizzy with re-
lief, you have convinced yourself this is your ulti-
mate destiny, in death as in life.

Concept: You hold to the ways of the Children.
more fiercely than anyone, not so much because of
your personal convictions, but because of your
unswerving devotion to your family. You will do
anything to please them, all because they've honestly shown
you love. You follow the directives given you with unques-
tioning faith, and try to accomplish the tasks you've been set
in record time to show your worthiness. And every so often,

Guildbook: Oracles

you're willing to try something on your own initiative, just
on the hopes it will please...

Roleplaying Notes: A delighted devotee, you will do
whatever the Children ask of you because you believe in them.
You'll go out among the unenlightened if you are asked to,
but you prefer getting such assignments over with quickly so
you can head back home. It's not that you're a homebody, it's
just that the love and honesty you've received among the
Children is so sadly lacking anywhere else you've been —
perhaps you could even be convinced to bring a com-
panion or two home, just to share in the experi-
ence...

Relics: Chaos symbol pin, silver and moonstone

ring, leather rose.


life Ren Fester
layer: Demeanor: Fodtorver Death: Freak A cctdent
Chronicle: Shadow: Te Leech Rete, 76 ving achiwea

Physical nal

@@@0@ Perception.
1@O000 Intelligence.
@00 Wits.

Strength, @@000 Charisma
Dexterity. OO Manipulation.

St @OO = Appearance.

Abilities -mcorccocccoscenccccs /

ae Talents ails Kode

¢ Alertness, @@000 Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. OOO0OO |

| Athletics Drive. OOO0O0O Computer. 00000 © 5
Awareness, Etiquette. @0000 Enigmas. @@000 |)
Brawl. Firearms 00000 _ Investigation, @0000 i

) Dodge. Leadership. OOOOO Law.

(]) Empathy. Meditation, @0000 Linguistics,
J). Expression, Melee. 00000 Medicine
Intimidation, Performance. @@000 Occult,
Streetwise. Repair. OOOOO Politics.
Subterfuge. Stealth, @0000 Science.

oA
Gidolom Ss ©@OOO Find Family Like _ee0eee FAtatism ______@@@00 Psy |
Mentor 0000 One You ad (Love) OOOOO Usury 0000 \5 ‘, 5
| Relic OOOO Find Trne Love ecc0ee K"ting 0000 j
| Memoriam @0000 (bonging) 00000) ee 100000:
00000 OOOO Ss EO OOOO
00000 (OG000 00000

00000 60000 = 00000


Pan- Historian
Quote: If we are to know any great truth, it is that if
we are unwilling to learn the lessons history teaches us,
we are doomed to repeat them. On this path you have
chosen, you are doomed. I have seen it before, you
know. ‘
Prelude: An assistant history professor at a
university, you had a lot to offer the student
body: a wealth of knowledge, a gift for rheto-
ric and a fairly light lesson plan. Your life
was basically devoted to the system of
research and aiding graduate students in
their efforts to compose a worthwhile
dissertation within five years of gradu-
ation. You had no social life to speak of
and no vices save for your one hobby:
playing fiddle with the local Celtic
band. To the ends that promised
tenureship would permit, you were
content with your lot in life... until
someone stole your fiddle.
It would be fairer to say, they stole
your whole car with your fiddle in it,
but to be honest, you could've cared less
about the car. Your musical companion
of 20 years was gone, and you became ob-
sessed with finding it. You let your classes
slip so badly that your teaching assistant-
ship was revoked, and you badgered the
lazy police department so often that they
eventually stopped returning your calls. and
refused to see you. Your posters around cam-
pus brought no response, and your constant
state of worry made it impossible for you to
concentrate on your research or advising
duties. The collegiate board warned you
about your conduct, and, meanwhile, the
band found itself a new fiddler. Anxious,
skittish and generally unstable, you never
saw the car you stepped out in front of
while stumbling across the street.
You awoke in shackles and were
sold to the Hierarchy. After having the
prerequisite nervous breakdown (and Qo
narrowly escaping the forges), you
quickly recovered to review your situation:
you were a slave-class peasant in a classical
hierarchy which bore a stunning resemblance to
the Roman Empire. Perfect. Able to regurgitate the
reams of data you had acquired over a lifetime of
study, you were able to quickly discern the machi-
nations of the Hierarchy and the underlying

138 Guildbook: Oracles

macrocosmic agendas of the individual Legions, especially
those of your own, the Emerald Legion. Your keeper, an ex-
cop Legionnaire, was suitably impressed the one time you
>. began to talk politics with him during a construction
B\ break. Apparently, he passed word of you along to his
Centurion or Marshal who had connections inside
y and outside the system. Outside seemed to suit him
best, (your presumption was that they paid more),
and you were transferred from Stygian subservience
into the Renegade ranks. Their infrastructural sys-
tem was not dissimilar to the Hierarchy; it simply

lacked the weighty steel jewelry.

Now you use your insight, your training
and your blossoming Arcanoi to hypothesize
what events the future of the Deadlands may
hold. In many ways a relic from your text-
books, Stygia's society opens to you like an
oyster housing precious pearls of foreknowl-
edge. You have decided, though. You will

harvest those pearls. You will be the one to
know what is coming. You will be the fiddler
again. There is nothing else of value here.
Concept: You understand the way the ma-
chinery of the world works around you; this
knowledge makes you a steady source of infor-
mation, detail and likely outcome. You under-
stand the system — a rare talent for those who
haven't lived through centuries of it. Then
again, your feeling is that you didn't have to
live through all of those decades when you
could just study them. A brilliant researcher,
you know some of these Regents, Overlords
and Anacreons better than they do themselves
— after all, you've read centuries' worth of
analysis of their actions. That allows you to
stay one step ahead — always.

Roleplaying Notes: You are dignified,
polite and almost aristocratic in manner. Base
all of your theories on past examples proven
true in a historical context, and do not al-

low yourself to be easily swayed into believ-

ing any idea is "new" or "different." You lose

all composure while hearing discordant

music or watching art be destroyed. An art-

ist at heart, you will break into melancholy
rumination to bemoan your cruel fate as a

should-have-been Chanteur.
Relics: Antique lead-crystal spectacles, folder of
loose-leaf music scores, dog-eared copy of An In-
complete Education.


i

Name: Nature: Bureaucrat life; Asst. Professor
Player: Demeanor: Zraditionatist Death: #42 dy Car
chronicle: Shadow, Te Rationatist Regret: Never Reclaiming Your
Attrib tt Fiddle
utes
Physical Social ental
Strength, (OOO Charisma. @@@00 Perception, @@000
Dexterity_________—==— @®@®@O = Manipulation, @0000 Intelligence. e000
Stamina @@000 Appearance. @@000 Wits. @@000
Tens sis Inks
K Alertness. @@000 Crafts. OOOOO Bureaucracy. @e@000
Athletics, OOOOO Drive. @0000 Computer. @0000
sc, Awareness, @O000 Etiquette. @@000 Enigmas.
hha) Brawl, OOOOO Firearms, OOOOO Investigation,
| Dodge. @0000 Leadership. OOOOO Law.
} 'i)) Empathy. @0000 Meditation, @0000 Linguistics,
s'Y) Expression. @@000 Melee. @0000 Medicine.
Intimidation, OOOOO Performance. @000C@ Occult
Streetwise. OOOOO Repair. OOOOO Politics.
Subterfuge. @0000 Stealth, OOOOO Science,
Advantages POOH O OOOO OOOO
i bag Psi ic
Mentor @©@@OO. Find Your Fiddle oooco "tas e@000
Ny Legacy @@OOO (Determination) __—_—_—sa@ggge Latalism _____ @@@00
Memoriam = ®0000 Fart WpPhoever Jook Jt 00000, ——99000
|] Artifact @0000 (Vengeance eteee 00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000

\ye-] Bar Where You Played @


Tt took a lot to crawl out of your hidey-hole, but no more
than it took to try to convince the first Guildwraiths you found
that you weren't some spy for the Hierarchy. Once you
told the story of how you found them convincingly

enough, you were shuttled off to La Belle LaFayette
to see if your luck would hold. So far it has, and
while your table doesn't have much turnover, it's
slowly growing more popular. You couldn't be
happier even if you were still alive.

Concept: You still consider most wraiths
to be incurably mundane and thus beneath
your notice; your table holds no room for
them. You only play with those who are cre-
ative enough to let loose a little but still
have the table etiquette to know that you
are the boss. You haven't a taste for politics
or loyalties; you're just here to play the
game. The way the dice fall behind the
screen doesn't much bother you, no mat-
ter what the result. After all, you're so

good that even when things don't go your
way, you can improvise up a workaround
worthy of a master.

Roleplaying Notes: Take nothing
seriously unless it's The Game, your
Game. You know how to play by the rules
and make nice, especially with the

Dealer and the other Oracle higher-ups, but
once you sit behind the screen, you are in
charge. Your complacent, easy-going manner
does a 180 when you take charge. From that
point on, you are deadly serious, dramatic and
charismatic. This personality shift makes you

generally unpopular with anyone who isn't

a "player," but then again, you never cared

much for popularity.

Relics: Dice bag with personal
collection of marbleized dice, 3-
ting binder.

Quote: Now roll four 10-siders to see if you are able

to ask the right question. Don't look at me that way; this
comes from the Desk of G-d.

Prelude: You were, by all mainstream social
standards, a geek — but you were a happy geek.
Growing up with suburban parents in a subur-
ban neighborhood with good, middle-class, sub-
urban morals, you'd spend hours in your room
whipping up worlds that didn't exist, then sit
and tell your friends about them. It confused
the hell out of your parents. If you were /
doing drugs, well, that would
make sense to them (as they'd
done that when they were your
age), but playing pretend? Weren't
you a little old for that? Still, once
you convinced Mom and Dad that
you weren't going to be traipsing
though any sewers or sacrificing the
dog to the moon, they eased off. You and
your friends got the basement on Saturdays
with no interruptions.

Usually, you were the Game Master
since you were by far the best storyteller,
especially once you took command. When
you spoke, the whole gaming group lis-
tened, enthralled. What a rush! School
was just an unpleasantry that had to be
dealt with between bouts of imagination
and pizza. This attitude skimmed you
through high school and college and
then into unemployment. The groups
of players changed, but their fascina-
tion remained the same. As long as
you had that, you didn't worry about
much else. This was your world, and
in it, you were completely in charge
of your own life. What you weren't in
charge of, was your destiny. It's the
only way you could explain choking
on a mouthful of pizza during an epic
saga. Your dying thought was, Wait! I
didn't get to the good stuff yet.

You tore yourself out of your Caul
and immediately went to ground, do-
ing the sort of things to stay "alive"
that you ‘imagined a particularly re- Qe
sourceful character would. After a few
months of watching and waiting, you figured
you'd mapped out the rules of how this place worked, and
decided to try to hook up with some kindred spirits.

140 Guildbook: Oracles

ae

Demeanor: 24ita Death: <Satfocation
Shadow: Ze 7Honster Regret: Never finishing the

| ultimate stor
Attri utes gah ee ee ioe

Social Mental
| @000 Charisma @OO Perception,
Dexterity___.___ === ®®OO0 = Manipulation. @OO Intelligence.
)) Stamina OOOO Appearance. @@000 Wits.

Abilities
Talents sls Krowledges
") Alertness, @@000 Bureaucracy___—S————S OOOOO
| Athletics @0000 Drive Computer. @e@e000
=) Awareness, @0000 Etiquette. Enigmas. @@000
<Y) Brawl OOOOO Firearms. Investigatio @@e@00 WZ
\\), Dodge OOOOO Leadership. Law. 00000
| Empathy. OOOO0O Meditation, Linguistics, @0000
Expression. @@@00 Melee. Medicine. 00000
) Intimidation, OOOOO Performance. Occult_____ @O000 F
) Sueetwise OO00O0O Repair. Politics_______00000 |

Hy
Subterfuge. @0000 Stealth Science_______@@@0O0 i
tt
7 \

tadgomds Pasi Arca sh

Wa Notoriety e000 Tell the Uttimate Story @@@@@ FAtalism __— ®@®00 "hy
\y Status @0000 (¢4p 00000 Pandemonium @@000 4 ?
| Relic ©0000 Ze Liked (Insecurity) _@@@00 Luppery ___@0000 | Y

00000 "Prove You're Jn Charge @®OOO 00000 | Ye

00000 (Fear) 00000 ——_______00000
00000 00000 ==

00000 SSO

First Copy of @@@00
Vampire 2nd edition QOOOOO
OOO00O

ee ean 2 OOOOO

( OOO00O0

A

BEBBBOIO000

Sails

weg


And there will be those who lead strength
in the light and those who are charismatic be-
hind thick curtains Boldly aid those whose
arms are ee i and quietly heed the whis-

b

pered words below.

— Kau, Olade-That-Cuts-Backward

free Will versus Fate and Fame

Does Fate choose her favorites, or can our futures be in-
fluenced by our actions? The debate has raged for countless
centuries, but in the afterlife, the truth of the matter becomes
evident. The squeaky wheel gets the grease — or is resolutely
silenced. Either way, those who have gained notoriety among
the Fated speak with the power of many voices. One Oracu-
lar prophesy is often verified by many others whose words
have been lost in the distance of anonymity, but those forgot-
ten voices lend their strength when their words are repeated.
To stand in the spotlight of politics is seen as equally admi-
rable and foolish; to do so risks much, as in the Underworld

the tallest nail is always hammered down. Not all truths are
kind, and often those for whom the Fated have forecast ill
want to destroy the messenger and so avoid the message. Of-
ten such fame is described as "Fatal," for obvious reasons.

To gain the favor of the Lady of Fate, an Oracle must
embody the spirit of Fatalism as well as master its uses. The
rewards given to such an individual are few; instead, the re-
spect given to the individual honors the Way. Those Oracles
honored with special recognition are treasured by the Pan-
theon factions as elite members of their chosen paths. Often,
when seeking to influence those outside the Guild, the pro-
nouncements of these particular Oracles are offered to out-
siders as the word of Fate herself.


The Pantheon holds KrystalMeth as a testament to the
new, jaded quality found in the modern Quick. A bright star
in the Guild's zodiac, this blond waif is taking the Lemures by
storm. KrystalMeth is cocky, intelligent and spiteful to the
point of ruthlessness. She's had to be. It's her Fate.

Born to a prostitute in the backwash of Cold War-era
Berlin, she grew up on the streets and on her own. This ar-
rangement was formalized the storm-washed morning when
Krystal stumbled home to find her mother still absent
— unusual for a employee
of the world's oldest profes-
sion. A few hours later the
police called Krystal for
help in identifying her
mother's body, just 14 hours
after the gut-cut that had
killed her in the Platz der
Republik. Her mother's
legacy to her consisted of a
dingy apartment and a tru-
ism: Nobody gets nothing
for free.

KrystalMeth adopted
her professional name
when she began her new
line of work: drug dealing.
Dealing was a profitable, if
tisky, venture in the heart
of a divided Germany; she
preferred it to the relative
laxity of spreading her legs
for food. She was quick to
start and slow to let go; ina
short time she had taken
the mattress savings and
replaced her mother's mea-
ger estate with a new place
closer to the Ku'damm strip
and more hot audio and
video than could fill the
guest room. Sitting pretty as boss to a handful of urchins, she
indulged her spiritual side (having no taste for physical de-
bauchery), and with the help of a few synthetic hallucino-
gens composed her own youth cult, der Kult Nadel (the Cult
of the Needle).

She was popular and powerful and high on the atten-
tion. Her customers became her followers, and the suits be-
came her credit card slaves. At 19, KrystalMeth owned a small

division of the old Platz and a hunk of the tourist-trap §
Potsdamer. For her birthday she bought herself a BMW. She
adopted an old system of scrying into a new level of "altered
state" with monosyllabic mantras and exotic neurotoxins.
Dark and deadly, the Kult Nadel spread like neon fire. Life
was slick until the local boss, a figure who went by the name
of "Family Man" got nervous as his sources and youthful deal- i
ers swayed their professional alliances. A private party featur-
ing Xtacy3 turned into a bloodbath when three of Family
Man's muscleboys showed up with AK-47s.

Dead. What a rip. The Heretic who Reaped her saw her

__ with an eye for an appren-
jj tice, a disciple who would
follow in his footsteps using
the old Way of Merlin as a
route toward peaceful reso-
lution of Fetters. He was ‘
grievously mistaken in his ¥
choice. Conniving and
clever, KrystalMeth sub- i
verted his hard-won net-
H work of contacts through-
out the Hierarchy and the
(supposedly extinct)
Guilds, improved the qual-
4] ity of her personal contact
with her Arcanoi of choice,
and had her former mentor
soulforged into a flawless
soulsteel ball. Held in her
left hand, he serves as an
ever-present symbol of her
no-nonsense attitude and
quest for personal power. To
make certain that people ¢
got the message, she had the
Attificer leave her mentor's
face intact, imprisoned for-
ever ina final scream.

To add to her myth,
when working KrystalMeth
Moliates her face to horrific §
effect. Pinching the skin of
her brow down over her eyes, she appears not only blind, but |
utterly eyeless. Most clients find this impressive; quite a few
find her horrifying. Both reactions serve her purpose.
KrystalMeth has a yen to renew her accustomed position asa‘
cult leader, and from the number of lost souls who have flocked |
to her, she's well on her way. Though there are those within
the Guild who are suspicious about whether or not she be-
lieves her own Heresy, no one questions her uncanny ability
to manipulate and destroy.

Appendix: Portraits Hanging on the Catacomb Walls 143

Mauberine DoPhantom Re (Madeleine Rae Reardon) is
one of the few Oracles with a famous Haunt that doesn't ex-
ist. She visits daily, reads for the Quick hourly, and possibly
earns more Pathos in an hour than most wraiths do in a month.
Re has followers across the face of the Skinlands, and her
dedicated flock grows past all barriers of race and age.

Working primarily online, Re maintains a Web site called
"Piercing the Shroud." In her electronic persona, she is a
prophetess to the wanting and a psychic counselor to the
needy. It tickles her that
she has received invitations
to speaking engagements,
coven meetings, New Age
conventions and clandes-
tine orgies, all on the
strength of her online per-
sonality, for she obviously
can never attend in the
flesh. All the invitations,
however, are politely de-
clined. Not only is Re not
fond of Skinriding, but
odds are that whatever the
gathering's purpose, she's
seen it before. After all, the
charismatic and benevo-
lent Re has been dead some
six centuries.

Re was one of the first
to die in the suppression of
the second wave of the
"hostile threat" of Goddess
worship as mandated by
Pope John XXII in 1320.
She and two of her unmar-
tied friends were sent to
the gallows for celebrating
their Sabbat on Mabon. A
Thrall for over six centu-
ries after her death, Re
gained freedom when an
insurrection broke out in
the mines beneath Alacante's Necropolis, and four dozen of
the enslaved scattered to the four corners of the Underworld.

Alone and friendless, she stumbled upon a new wraith
encased in his Caul. She tore the man free and bound him to
her. In the course of their travels together, Re's Thrall told
her of his life. Apparently he was a graduate student from a
country called the United States, specifically from Califor-
nia; he claimed to be a "CE/EE at U.C. Berkeley," whatever
that was. Slowly he explained to her how the world had

changed and how things now stood in the lands of the living.
In fits and starts he even managed to explain the basics of
computing and the Internet to her. Thirsty for knowledge,
Re freed her Thrall and read for him in exchange for his prom-
ise to teach her all he knew. Alas for him, he agreed.

Within a few years, the pupil surpassed the teacher, and
as such she promptly turned her expended resource over to a
slaver in exchange for basic lessons in Inhabit. With that
knowledge in hand, she presented a daring scheme to the
Pantheon: That she set up a Web site and from it, read for the
Quick. The thousands of readings she (and whatever assis-
tants she accrued) would perform would augment the vast
body of prophecies the
Guild had acquired, while
at the same time, the site
would serve as a subtle
tweak of the Hierarchy's
vaunted Dictuum.

For whatever reason, it
was done.

Credit card orders for
"private sessions" smooth
the path for constant cross-
Shroud transactions.
Meanwhile, both the Guild
and the Legion of Fate shel-
ter Re from the Hierarchy's
wrath, perhaps because Re's
omnipresent companion
Elspeth is adept at culling
the Fated — literally —
from the site's daily flood of
traffic. So the Legion and
Guild grow, and Re does
reading after reading, and
no one in the living lands
is the wiser.

The Lady Spurned

She sits, and looks
across the sea. The most
aged of the Clairvoyants watches the horizon, occasionally
writing notes on her palm. With a quick tear, she pulls a palm
print of skin free and lets it drift on the wind to wherever
Fate may carry it. This is how she serves her Guild, and this is
how they repay her.

"The Lady Spurned" was a name given to her by the Greek
chorus of a millennium of whispers. They speak her title, but
never her name. They read her words, but never aloud. They
forget whether she was the last to refuse to speak her Sight, or
whether they were the first to refuse to listen. Some of them
say she is the legendary Kassandra. In this, they are mistaken.


But she might as well have enjoyed the sun god's pleasures,
for she bears all that legendary victim's pain.

Alive, the Lady Spurned held captive all the civilized
world. She was the pride of her people on the outskirts of
modern Venice, the voice of the Advisory Council and the
toast of Rome. She kept audience with senators and poets,
philosophers and princes, centurions and artisans. All leapt
to grace her hands with grapes and her fingertips with kisses.
She remembers whispers of the ancient times, hints of the
smells and tastes of the gala orgies graced with flesh and wine.
She would dance to the sacred music and set fire to the offer-
ings which burned with such smoke that the column of it
straying to heaven would
eclipse the night sky. That
much she remembers.

She remembered all
these things and more
shortly after her fall from
grace. Her suicide washed |
her lost Corpus onto these
shores. Here, in the Under-
world, was a second chance,
achance for her to heal her |
spiritual wounds. Here was |
a chance to resurrect her
sense of self as an individual
and as a prophetess as well.
A chance to take back all
that was taken from her. A
chance for redemption. She
wanted to recreate her
world, to revel in the won- §
derland she remembered.
For some, like her, the after-
life was not a morbid place;
by force of will she would
rebuild her abandoned
home.

It was difficult to forge
such luxury in the strict at-
mosphere of Stygian auster-
ity. She had to wait a little
longer than she wished to
set her plans in motion; so
she perched on this very
crag of rock to sit and to
wait. She watched the metropolis of Stygia rise and fall down,
swell and recede, like the tides. The tides... something about
them spoke to her of things to come. Spectres and Maelstroms
filled her visions, fed her Shadow: They're coming for her,
they're coming for you! the voices whispered. Reciting the
Linen Book, which had mysteriously crossed the Shroud to
be her comfort, brought her hope to endure, however. When
the New Age of paganism brought hundreds to the fold, their
willing hands and voices raised her dream on Temple grounds.
She was certain she would be vilified for this manifestation
of hubris, but it was not to be. Instead, she was ignored.
Alarmed, she sought to rectify this oversight

She gained the ear of Servius, High Overlord of the Skel.
etal Legion, before he was snatched from his office by a grin-
ning Doppelganger. She turned her Sight toward the Count
de Versailles, a vizier for the Fishers until the day his Fetters
were crushed underfoot by an invading army in the north of
France. The Doomsayer, EverClear, omened Prophet of the
Industrial Age, heeded her words when she spoke of the then-
nameless Gorool and was Harrowed that very eve. None would
listen, as all who did so were snuffed out like so many candles.
None would listen for fear.

Over and over her life's work became her death's toil,
maddening in its accuracy and unforgiving in its spirit. She
hid herself behind the veils
of her hearth and wept. She
hoped to be destroyed in her
Harrowing that followed; in-
stead, it made her stronger.
Hardened and tested in the
crucible of her nightmares,
the Lady left her Paphian
dream and family of follow-
ers behind. Alone, she re-
turned to her perch atop the
crags. She never speaks, but
merely scribbles on her flesh
when the spirit moves her.
Such occasions are rare; now
she mostly just listens. Her
words once brought her
loved ones disaster, but her
wisdom now brings her com-
patriots hope.

So this is her station,
monitoring the bay and
meditating on the formless
void that is the lowering sky
over the eternal city. The
visions she transcribes are
windows of truth to those
who find them, but only if
read silently. The wraith {
who voices what he finds
calls doom down upon him-
self. Her voice stilled, the

though she has abandoned
her vocation. Rare are the times it slips from her mind onto ‘
her palm: "Spurinna warned me to beware the ides of March."
This message, too, she sends through the wind, to warn no
one who matters anymore.

Lady knows peace, even } ;


Strength____— SS ®OO00 = Charisma, @0000 Perception.
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence.

Stamina_____ SS @OOOO0 Appearance. @0000 Wits.
Abilities
Tet dik

Alertness_____———=S ES OOOO0O0 = Crafts. Bureaucracy.
Athletics. OOOOO Drive Computer.
Awareness_______OOOOO Eriquette___— Enigmas.
Brawls i sOOOO0"-Firearms ss AS Investigation,
Dodge___————OOOO0O0 Leadership. Law.
Empathy. OOOOO Meditation. Linguistics,
Expression, OOOOO Melee. Medicine.
Intimidation, OOOOO Performance. Occult,
Sirectwine eS SOOO = Repair ao 2 Politics,
Subterfuge___————SS OOOOO Stealth, Science.

Pasions

90000 ODOOOQOOQO00000

s0000 WOAOOOROO0O0O0
00000


Apparent Age. Gender.
RIP. Height,

Eyes, Weight
Nationality.

Dark Passions
00000 |
00000 |
00000 |
00000 |
00000

00000


Relics

Prophecies and Visions ooscccomcoccecce

Guild Secrets Known


Cost

- Mets & Flaws

Flaw

OO000

OOO0O0O0

OO00O0

OO0000

00000

OO00O0

OO00O0

00000

OOO00O0

Ancient/New Arts Known

Total Spent On

Total

Experience

Stanci
Guild Contacts

ing_

Apprentice to:

‘Weapon.

Difficulty

Damage

Conceal

Range

Rate

Brawling Table

Bite
Punch
Grapple
Chw

Kick
Body slam.


This is my fist. That is your Fetter.
This ts your Fetter after I've beaten the living
hell out of it with my fist. Any questions?

ey : T am a spider in the web of Fate. You are a fly, caught in it. I

(|i eae FF, walk along the strands, untouched. You are bound. The more you
struggle, the worse it will be.

ee The Spooks: Pathos-runners, Fetter-breakers and bagmen of
the Underworld. The Oracles: They saw Charon's downfall —
do they hide the secret of his return? The influence of these Guil
stretches from the mean streets of the Necropoli to the chambers
of the Onyx Tower. Nobody knows their real agendas, though —
except perhaps those who've read this book.
——y

Guildbook: Spooks and Oracles is the sixth in the continuing series
of Guildbooks for Wraith: The Oblivion: Inside are complete
Guildbooks for both Guilds, covering everything from Guild
histories to new Arcanos uses. If it's something you need
Ro a ed? to know about the Spooks or Oracles, it's in here.
; Capiche? Good...

Guildhook: Spooks and Oracles contains:

© The reason the Spooks and Haunters
fragmented, and the terrible price that was paid;

© New uses of Fatalism and Outrage, and the
three easy steps to wrecking the Skinlands; /

* The prophecy that doomed Charon,

and much more! de
CAM ES PD tay

ISBN 1-56504-666-8
WW6305 $18.00 US

|) 51800

9°781565'04666 PRINTED IN GANADA
Z LF NIRS ay me
