# File: Stargazers (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



the tonver of Sifence

"Because no one'can remain dctionless even for a moment.
Everyone is driven to action, helplessly indeed."

—~ Bhagavad-Gita, 3:05

Ko-tin of the Quiet Reposé carried her body over his
shoulder as his leg wept pus and blood. Night was falling over
the barren landscape, and far off in the distance flickered lights
from the Iranian city of Yazd. There was a faint wind, and above
the moon was the barest sliver of ivory tucked amidst a fishing
net of stars.

Ahead, the ground ‘swelled and rose-up into a massive,
natural tower of earth and stone —— a-dry, blood-colored
configuration called the Tower of Silence. The climb would be
long and hard, he recognized,-and looked down for a moment
at the deep, datk gash in his thigh. Watery fluid crept from the
cut, and it moistened his fur and made it stink of disease. Idly,
he wondered how long before they would come for him. How
long had they been following him now? Almost a week, at least.
Perhaps they wouldn't find him. But probably, they would.

Ko-zin took a deep breath, the gray fur of his chest swelling
out for a moment. He exhaled, centering himself for the task
ahead. Such an unpleasant task: One he had seen too many
times of late, but still could not get used to. He gritted his teeth.
It was time to go up to the Tower of Silence, to say goodbye to
his friend, to the last of his pack. A: valediction of mourning.

Softly sighing, Ko-zin begarr the ascent.

oe « @

The baimboo tod whistled through the air, and bit déep
into the back of his thighs. Ko-Zin, no more than seventeen
years of age, winced and bit back tears.

Behind him, Master Nirrti was little more than a shadow
in the half-light of dusk that came in through. the Open-air
windows. Ko-Zin's muscles ached, his body screamed in electric
shrieks. How long had he been standing here? He thought he
remembered starting this in dawn. But it was hard to remember.
Things were muddy, now, and his body wept with blood from
a hundred cuts..All from that cursed bamboo rod.

"You aren't concentrating," Master said, and struck again
with the rod. This time on the small of his back, where a
collection of other lash marks gathered..Tears dammed up at
the corners of Ko-Zin's eyes. "And you're growing angry. Tired.
That is not acceptable: Your muscles twitch. The corners of
your eyes are red. How do you expect to remain tranquil in the
face of evil? Kung-Kung is the most terrible enemy. How will
you find your repose if you cannot concentrate ?"'

The tod struck again. Ko-Zin's flesh above' the shoulder
opened and ran with fresh crimson. He made a sound, a slight
whimper.

"No sound," Master Nirrti chided. "You shouldn't even be
feeling this. Our feelings only serve as distraction from our protec-
tion of the Emerald Mother. If She dies and us with Her, then it is
your fault for being rash and embracing your imbalance."

The aged Stargazer monk circled around to Ko-Zin's front.
He still marveled at how old the man looked. A withered shrub
of a werewolf, and yet every strike of that bamboo felt like it was
swung by a monster. Nirrti-blinked, and sighed.

Sftargazers


"Lam not convinced you are worthy of this tribe," Master said,
and swung again. The roddrew a gash across Ko-Zin's forehead. His
legs couldn't hold him and he fell to his knees, burying his face in
his hands.. Blood streamed through the firigers. Nirrti clucked his
tongue in disapproval, and that one sound was enough.Ko-Zin felt
bile rise in his throat and fire engulf his guts. Before he knew what
was happening his body tore free of the human flesh and became
a hulking gray brute. He leapt for Master, jaws snapping.

He awoke, several hours later. He was back ‘to form, a
gangly human without a sprout of hair on his whole body. He
was on the ground in the temple. The bamboo rod lay across his
chest. Failure assailed him.

* *. *

Ac the top, vultures waited. Dark birds, bigger than Ko-zin
had expected. They shuffled eagerly from foot to foot. Beaks
clicking. There must've been twenty of them. He reminded
himself that they were supposed to be here. This was their
home. Their job. It was proper.

He ‘set her body down -in the center, pondered for a
moment unraveling the soft white wrapping that tightly en-
compassed her form, if only to show her face one last time so he
might kiss her eyes closed or press his forehead to hers —~ but he
held back... This was tradition: The way of her people. Despite
her Garou nature, she still held firmly to the tenets and beliefs
of her culture, and there was no way he would stand between
anyorie and their familial inclinations.

The body, according to Zoroastrian' law, must remain
unspoiled. Uncontaminated by external ‘things.. Hence the
‘Tower of Silence. Here, bodies were laid out for the wind, the
sun; the rain. And the vultures, he reminded himself, watching
the dark birds watch him. The body would decay naturally; and
go back to Gaiaas purely as possible. It was an admirable thing.
She was a beautiful creature.

Sranding up, Ko-zin limped over to a torch that had been
situated in a hole in the rock. The scent of oil filled his nostrils as
he intoned an entreaty to the spirits of fire, and within moments
light and heat flared up'as darkness settled around them.

He shooed away a brave vulture; already seeking the carrion
of his packmate's flesh: He chided the bird. "Don't be so impatient,
vulture. You'll get your turn soon enough. But for now, I wish to
have some time to make peace with my friend." And he hunkered
down next to the cocooned body, and wiped his wolfen. eyes.

"Daitya," he said. "Moon-Laughter. You're the last of my
friends." He traced aclaw along the contouirs of her cheekbones
beneath the cloth. "We buried Guanyin in... how long has it
been? April, I believe. Five months previous. She was a merciful
one, wasn't she? I remember when we were younger how she
saved your hide after you got into trouble with that Monkey
King." He laughed. "Guanyin was good. Her death was a waste,
so unexpected. A-silver arrow, straight to the eye. We should've
been better than that, all of us."

He idly fingered the owo blades —- wakazashi—— tied at his side
with black cloth. For but amoment, he pictured himself curling his
talons around thé hilts and cutting into himself, carving his own
body into bloody cubits. He capped the anger quickly, snuffing out
the flame of rage that threatened to turn into a conflagration. That
was the nature of rage. It must lie dormant, he scolded himself. Let
that dragon sleep. He calmed and continued talking.

"At least Jimmmu-Tenno Dream-sword died in battle. His
blade felled many before they swarmed him. Chitinous, ugly
things. Dernons from the bowels of Kung-Kung. The Wyrm."
He spat. The saliva smacked against the red rock and again he
felt the rage flicker and sputter within him. Ko-zin quashed it:
"But he protected us. Stayed behind so we were able to get over
the Kagutsuchi Bridge and into the Second World. We es-
caped. You and I, together.

"We saw Shigalu fall through our dreams: Do you rernem-
ber? Of course'you do. Those images still haunt me. So many of
us, dead for no cause, surprised by that monster Zhyzhak and the
demon minions of the Wyrm. We lost so much that day. And all
those bodies of our tribé, buried in holes or thrown down the
slopes of the mountain. Our spiritual heart stopped beating that
day." He pressed the flat of his hand to the fur at his chest —~- he
could barely feel his own heart beating. Part of it was the mastety
over his own body, which allowed him to regulate his heartbeat
(and sleep patterns, and muscle control) with pinpoint precision.
But he couldn't help but wonder if another part of it was that he
was just alittle bit dead inside. First, Guanyinand Jimmu—then,
Shigalu. And now, Daitya Moon-Laughter, his most loved, his
best friend. My heart does not beat as fast because my heart is dying,
he decided. Along with his friends... Along with his tribe.

Sadness tugged at him.this-time instead of his anger:
Despair was a great mouth threatening to chew him up and
swallow him into darkness, where he would be digested until
the end of the world. Other wolves called it Harano. He did not
know what to call it,-only that it was most certainly not the
Way,and that it was the one path that was sure to lead to
nowhere. He was not on that unsightly path. Not yet. But he
felt it calling to him, pulling at him, trying to eat him up alive
like a hundred-thousand vultures. He was carrion, he thought
gtimly, just like Daitya. Worm food, Daitya might have said,
making light of the situation as.she always did. Or, perhaps,
even more amusingly, Wyrm food. He almost laughed. Almost.
But then her voice (and the joke with it) was gone on the wind.

Again he contemplated taking his"anger and using it to
cleave his sadness in twain, chopping himself into hateful bits.
He could take the vultures and destroy them. He could sharpen
his claws on the blood-colored rock of this Tower of Silence until
his fingers had been worked down to crimson nubs. Or he could
sit here, he imagined, and wait for her body todissipate with time
(and with help from the birds) "arid maybe then they could come
for him too, and at last he would know the truth of peace.

He was about to begin speaking to Daitya again, but then it
came to him — ascent, an odor, an acrid tang burrowing up into
his nostrils as the wind kicked up- And then it was gone again, but
it stayed with him -in his mind and he knew just what it was he
was scenting. They had come. They had found him, at last.

eos #

Seven lifetimes ago, Ko-Zin was not Ko-Zin: He was
Mercy-of-Dragons, a lupus healer,-small and unknown among
the many Stargazers of the Middle Kingdom.

His pack was dead, except for Nezha, but who knew where
shé had gone? She had turned her back on them all and given
up. He smelled the air to see if he could catch her scent. But he
only smelled flesh burning. The work of those black Wyrm-
wolves. Throwing still-living human babies into a pyre of wood

Legends of the Garou: At the Tower of Sifence 3


and books. Burning them. Then hunting down the cubs of his
own kin, felling them with arrows laced with bitter mushroom
poisons. Be calm, he reminded himself. Rest in the knowledge that
you bring balance to the world by example..Do-not give in... Your
friends and kin will be born again anid you shall meet in other worlds.

He emerged from the scrub foliage; and found the Holy River
Ganges spilling muddy past the lean banks.-He nuzzled briefly at
the terrible wound scouring his belly, and he padded cautiously
into the river waters, wincing with each step. He went as far as he
could into the sluggish waters without losing his footing or sinking
below nosé-level and let the flowing cold wash over him.

It was hard to say how long he stood there, the water running
into his belly wound and soothing it. He felt it healing up, slowly.
But then a twig-snap preceded the grim heady smell of sweat and
blood, and he saw two of them emerging from the same spot he
came from. Wyrm-wolves in. full battle form, lean jackal-headed
black beasts with -crude axes rusty with red.. They saw him
immediately as they came through the treeline.. Their awful
muzzles stretched into toothy grins and they waded into the waters.

Mercy-of-Dragons turned to go to the other side of the
river, regardless of the current, because once on the other side;
he was confident he could outrun them. But then he saw them.
Three more of the black beasts, stepping slowly into the waters.

He thought of darting into the waters and letting the river
catry him away. He thought too of attacking first, leaping for
one of their throats and tearing it open. But then a voice of his
own making but fresh from his elders came floating up frorn the
back of his consciousness. Remain still. Remain at peace. Show
them the dignity and balance that they are too tainted to find.

Then the last words: Die well, Mercy-of-Dragons. See you again.

The Wyrm-wolves leapt for him, and he held his head high,
his eyes open and unblinking: He took a deep breath into his
lungs as they fell on him. They chopped downward with their
axes and he felt the rough blade hew into his body. They cut him
to ribbons. His pieces floated down the rivet, bloody and apart.

7. «2 @&

Truth was, they were coming for her, notfor him. Daitya, if the
prophecies and spirits were to be believed (and sometimes they
were; sometimes they weren't), she was the latest incarnation in.a
long line of Wyrm-slayérs. Her last was the balancer, .Ra-Herakhry,
and before that, the spirit-dancer called Aaron Two-Crane. Her
lineage went all the way back to the Stargazer hero Feridun, the full
moon warrior who battled the evil king Zohak, an ancient servitor
of the Wyrm. Her life was spent in struggle with Zohak, and even as
Daitya she often led the pack on quests to dismantle the depreda-
tions the sleeping demon had helped to wreak upon the unsuspect-
ing world. He was an enemy of Gaia, and Daitya would not let her
Emerald Mother fall to the depredations of such demons: It was her
charge to defeat Zohak and his ilk, but so far she hadn't been able
to. Not in any of her incarnations. It made Ko-zin very sad.

He stood on the lip of the Tower of Silence, his claws
curling over the edge. Out there, upon the darkened, cracked
plain, he saw the dark figures illuminated by shuddering torch-
light and electric lanterns. The wind kicked up again, and this
time the smell was unmistakable. He tuned his senses, even
though he knew he didn't have to, and the stench of the Wyrm
was enough to cut straight through to his brain: His eyes
watered. How many are out there? he wondered. One hundred?

Two hundréd? Maybe more. It was hard to tell in the dark like
this, especially with Luna being little more than. a fingernail
clipping up within the firmament of night.

There was the sound of a gunshot, and asmall rock the size
of a softball split about two feet from Ko-zin's feet. They saw
him, he saw. Another shot split the air, and he heard the clap
of the bullet's thunder not far from his ear. He didn't flinch,
didn't move. They'd be using silver. One shot, to the head or
the heart, and it might be over for him. He accepted that.

Some of them were shuffling closer to the Tower, he could
see now..Onily a few probably had guns —— the. rests were
peasants. Pig ranchers, opium growers, mine-sweepers. Anyone
in this tortured, tired land who left themselves open for Zohak
to corrupt (in turn opening the door for the Wyrm) could fall.
Zohak grew ever stronger. Maybe that severe red eye in the sky
was the cause of Zohak's sudden surge in strength.-Or maybe it
was the other way around. It didn't matter. None of it mattered
anymore. The army was comprised of demonic servitors, sham-
bling almost-humans consumed with hate and malice. Ko-zin
patted his chest loudly, felt his heart give a quick kick against
his breastbone. He wanted them to come for him!

"Kill me," he whispered to the wind. "Drink my bload, for
it will poison you all." He smiled mirthlessly, his fangs grinding
rogether. Death was coming for hirn. He welcomed its grip.

oe @

"Flow old was he; truly?' Daitya asked? The boat bobbled
before them in the serene waters of the lake.-Master Nirrti's
dark-skinned body lay on it, his chakra-points decorated with
the muted blossoms of the Lotus plant.

Ko-Zin crossed his arms. "I don't know, exactly: At least a
hundred. Perhaps more." He shrugged. "Probably more."

Daitya leaned against him and rested her cool brow on his
shoulder. He felt warm. tears against his skin. He jerked away.
Daitya stared at him in surprise and shock.

"What?" she asked. "What is it? Are you all right?"

"You're crying," he said.

"Yes. So? Why?" She wiped her eyes with the back of her
small hand.

He frownéd. "There should be no tears. No crying over
this. Why are you crying? You didn't even know him!"

Daitya laughed softly. "I know you didn't like him, bur—"

"That's not it," he protested. "Master wouldn't want tears.
Such emotion isa weakness, a breach in our balance: We must
be tranquil, but not expressive. Transcendent by keeping our-
selves from being so rooted in the passions of our body and mind."

Daitya shook her head. He gestured toward the body and
the boat as long purple clouds stretched overhead. "This is one
of ours. One of our tribe. Have you noticed lately how weak our
ranks are? This tribal return to the lands of our spirit has been
good in the short-term,-but do you seée more warriors or sages
being born outside of rumor and legend? No, Ko-Zin, I never
met your Master, and from what [hear ofhim, 'mcertainly glad
I didn't. But he was one of ours, a brother in spirit and blood and
soul, and I reserve the right to'cry over him if I choose."

"No!" Ko-Zin yelled, and felt an awful shame fall over him
évenas he allowed his voice torise. He said itagain, but more quietly

Sfargazers


Sy —_—-

ee

oe

this time: "No, You do not. We must not offend hini by losing our

serenity. Not here. Not in these last moments I have with him."
He was surprised by her reaction. She was always a spirited

one, but he didn't expect her to scoop a handful of moist dirt from

the shore and throw it in his face. She snarled. "You've truly earned

your name, packmate. Quiet Repose? A terribly accurate name."
"And then she stalked away. Rivulets of muddy muck dribbled

down his cheek. But there were no tears. He wouldn't allow them.

os. 2. &

An-arrow, crudely fashioned, sailed for his eye.-On its
crooked broad-head tip was a lacquering of silver. He felt it
coming. He invited it to pierce his mind so that he may perish.

But then, for but amoment, time did not work' as it was
meant to, and everything seemed distarit and still. Ko-Zin felt
his heart leap as a hand fell upon his shoulder, and he knew that
somehow the enemy had tricked him and now they were
flanking him, making his death less honorable by murdering
him from behind. But then he smelled her breath, a drifting
scent of jasmine and -blood,-and he turned to see. Daitya,
standing there still wrapped in her white cloth cocoon. She
curled hér hand around the back of his head and bent his face
down to meet hers,-and she pressed a kiss through the fabric
upon his lupine brow, and he heard her laugh a chiming sound.

Then she éxplained to him, "Your ancestors got together
for a little meeting, and do you know what they decided? They
concluded that it wasn't yet your time, Ko-Zin. | agree. Your
time for quiet repose is over. It is time for anger, but not yet time
for defeat. Take hold of it, for you are not to die like this. And
don't forget to laugh, my love."

He wanted to shake his head and take aclaw and split the
éloth that ran from her feet to the top of her head and pull her
back out because she was alive! But then she was gone, a vapor
in a quick ‘wind, and he was back to where he was, and before
he knew what he turned his body to the side and swarted out
with a massive hand. The silver-tipped arrow batted to the
ground, breaking in two.

Ko-zin:stared at the broken shaft for a few seconds as more
gunshots ricocheted off the rocks nearby. I was going to let that
arrow kill me, he thought. Ir seemed an alien thought, distant
and far away. He turned back to see Daitya's body, wrapped and
unmoving, in the center of the Tower of Silence. The vultures
inched closer. That was what she wanted: Anything for her, he
decided... Today, it seemed, was not a good day to die.

oe @

Once in araré while, Ko-Zin did not see into his past. Instead,
he saw glimpses of his future. When these fleeting visions hap-
pened, he mostly dismissed therm. He was not yet an ancestor
himself. Things were in the past. The future was not yet here.

But sometimes, there wasa glimmer of doubt.'Time, he was
told, was really a great circle drawing forever back upon itself,
so why couldn't he see forward? In fact, weren't terms like
forward and backward devoid of meaning when used in relation
to the nature of time? Perhaps he was an ancestor. Perhaps this
life that he was living was only a memory caught in the mind
of a future incarnation, arid he was maybe little more tharia
phantasm in a deluded rice-wineé dream. In those times he felt
both very alive and very empty, and he quietly questioned
whether at sorme point he died and just never knew it.


in the future, he saw himself as an American adolescent
who had experienced the First Change at a young age. He was
not Chinese, not Indian, and his skin was as pale as a plate of
milk..It felt foreign and outlandish, but at the same time,
wearing this skin was only a disguise. The soul inside was his,
and not his. He could feel himself in there, his identity
commingling with a hundred other ancestors.

Sometimes he'saw what his future self was going to do (or, he
reminded himself, had already done). He knew that his forthcoming
incarnation would be a Full Moon, his heart full of the love of war
and battle. The young man was already an apprentice of the Zephyr
camp, learning the ways of the bo staff and the quick-yer-graceful
fluidity of Kailindo.. Things that Ko-Zin himself had never learned
And the boy was hotheaded and impulsive. A painfully curiou:
teenager with stubborn devotion to whatever fool-headed crusad.
hedecided uponat that moment. Ko-Zin watched as the boy fawne

Western city. He glimpsed the young Stargazer getting teary-eyed

amovie on television! He also saw in dreams as th

the enemies, those stinking of the Wyrm, with an

that precluded everything that Ko-Zin hek

of his was agile and able when it came to bartle

had an unforeseen steadiness. But his mind had

wanted! He coveted! He cried and yelled and laug'!
When he saw those things in his mind's eye, K

to die. He felt horrid shame at his future self. He wante:

across the boundaries of both time and space and gra

boy and throttle him until he had learned

Or better yet, if only he could step ing

painful lesson. Those were the things Ko-Zin fe
But now, allofthat had changed. Question

he had done up until this point chewed at

rats. And it made him question that boy

would become when he finally died

hadn't taught him wrongly, but he alsohadn't

éither.. Things were forever more complex :

and-white balancing. Life was not played 6ut on the-plates of

scale.. The mysteries of living and dying were profoundly deepe

than that, and Ko-Zin embraced this enigma like a consuming fire
oe »

He was atempest incamate. A totmenting wind of razo

and blade.

He had leapt down off of the Tower of Silence, dropping like
astone until the last moment, when he allowed his command of the
winds to soften his landing, and he dropped to the cracked ground
in acrouch, both blades singing in his hands. The masses descended
upon him, but he was not patient, he did not wait for them. He in
turn cut through them, pirouetting with his wakazashi, blood and
black humours gouting up over him. The massive jaws of his war
form snapped closed on arms and collarbones, breaking them like
balsa wood beneath boot-heels. He howled, reveling inthe baptism
of violence even as a rusted machete found purchase in his shoulder
or as tainted hands pulled bloody tufts of fur away frorn his skin. The
pain only heightened it all — it wasn't long before the blades fell away
from his hand, clattering to the earth as something boiled inside of
him. He let it loose for the first time in a long time, unlocking the

red door inside his heart and throwing the key into darkness. It
poured out of hirn, rage clawing through his veins just as surely as he
clawed through his attackers. Distantly there was a shot and he felt
warm blood —— his own blood —~ spatter his face, but ‘it felt like
nothing more than an miniscule bee biting his hide and it encour-
aged him further.. Their flesh and bones were clay in his expert
hands. Falling away in great champs. Limbs lost. Death found.
After all of it, he found the crimson cloud falling away
from his vision, and he realized that he was lying on his back,
the rough and rocky ground digging into his scoured back. His
left arm hung limp, a deep furrow dugout of the shoulder, the
edges of the wound still burning with the ever-present memory
of silver. All around him, the bodies of the dead, or the few
forms of the fleeing running into the distance. Every part of his
body screame th pain. One eye was swollen closed. A few
teeth lay broken upon his tongue:
to stand. And failed: He collapsed back to the
shock running more pain through his body. The

tya was right. "The time for quiet repose Was over, wasn't
? He pictured her again,-standing behind him like a tangible
dh But he would do her no justice by dying,

se years, he thought, that! spent in peaceful meditation» For
hat? There.was some use to it, of course. The ability to center

'an_ age of peace. In his head he could

hear the cosmic wheels turning as the great Apocalypsé

closer.. The Way was a path of inaction; stillness, of

ofthe stream instéad of an object that diverts it. That

was the proper way, the peaceful way, but it would do nothing in this

age, Ko-zin now understood. The stream was poisoned. [ts waters

were black. It would'do no good to become part of this stream, to let

t simply pass around him and destroy everything in its wake. It was

ime to become an obstacle in those waters. It wasa time for war. He

would most likely die taking this path ~— and his‘death would be
cruel, terrible, beyond painful. But it would be the proper path.

Quietly, Ko-zin stepped over the carnage he had wrought

and collected his two weapons from the field of slaughter. He

wiped the weapons clean on his fur, careful to avoid his wounds.

Soon he would have to find some source of pure water and wash

all of his cuts and gashes, for in them he could already feel the

slick stinging taint of the Wyrm biting deep into his blood. But

that was for later. Now, he merely stood staring up at the stars;

offering them a whispered prayer of solace, forgiveness and

steadfastness im this time of nightmare. In. his mind he heard

them answer, achattering ofsmall bells pealing words of strength.

He offered one more prayer to his fallen -packmates, and

also he uttered a promise that their deaths would not be in vain.

‘Then, framed by the night sky, fur matted with red, Ko-zin

did as Daitya had requested. He laughed. For now he was Ko-

zin of the Tempest Winds.

6 Sfargazers


BY CHUCK WENDIG
WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN * HAGEN

— EE ————


eae

Author: Chuck Wendig. Werewolf arid the World of
Darkness created by Mark Rein* Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein ® Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: John Bridges, Jeff Holt, Melissa Uran

Cover Art: Steve Prescott and Sherilyn Valkenburgh
Layout, Typesetting and Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Corning AS Jor PUsrew0o"

1554 LITTON DR.

& STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written perrnission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only: White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Demon the Fallen;
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade,
Wraith the Great War, Mind's Eye Theatre, Trinity and Tribebook Stargazers are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc..All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in thésé pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book-~uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only..This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf caralog call 1-800-454-W/OLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hettp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA:

10 Stargazers

OLE FT ee YT LN A

\s

Baypyer One: She Long Tver of Saas (PLL

Aapger Tio: The Breath of Lyng Orabiiat (Seataty)

Lf

SS
t

Confents 11 ;
oS SS ANS


"Arise! Awake! Approach the gréat and learn. Like the
sharp edge of a razor is that path, so the wise say —~ hard to tread

and difficult to cross."
~— Upanishads 3:14

Council of spirits hale and old, I core to you witha great
entréary . I ask to be allowed time before you, to speak of my tribe. We
are inthe midst of dying, you see. Our lungs rattle, we make desperate
gasps for air..Qur heartbeat, however, is not shiggish;-it hastens,
beating faster and faster until it expires in a rush of blood.I can smell
it. I can taste it. The end is close. The end of us, perhaps. Perhaps the
end of all things: The weave and weft of thé world moves forever in
acircle, doubling back upon itself, the serpent biting its own tail as the
agesand epochs forever turn: But what if the cycle were broken? What
if the serpent was made to unhinge his jaws and release his tail? Perhaps
we are the first sign of this,.the first sand to drop from the highest bell
of the cosmic hourglass. Maybe we will be the first tribe to fall.

I come bearing the voicés, songs; whispers, and prayers of
many. Some are from members of my tribe who are out inthe
world, living their lives as they best see fit. Some are from members
of my tribe who have are dead and lost in the circling history , but
hawe been given a new mouthpiece through me..Others do not
belorig in our tribe, but have wisdom.to share —. after all,
sometimes an outsider has a truer perception than one standing on
the inside. All will share different things: stories, ideas ,.drearns and
curses. You will hear the history of us, and the length and breadth
of our very purpose. There is nothing that says these voices must
agree. This is not a presentation of uniformity ,-only of the higher
ideal of Truth as-it can be expressed..As for me, I am only the

threshold for these tales, an instrument playing countless songs;
One small voice arnong thousands, like a single star in the sky.

Our stories have often beeri toldin the Jade Record, butithas
long been inaccurate .-I come to-you now, pleading you to listen
to the words of our tribe and allow them entrance into the eternal
chronicle of our people.

Is this a dirge for my people? A threnody crooned by a dying,
old man? I might be delivering evidence of our ineluctable demise ,

showing you little moré than thé épitaph that deserves to be carved™

for us in the Jade Record itself. But could it be more than that?
Something altogether different? Might it be evidence that there is
some small ember of life burning deep within us? I'm not the one to
decide. I am merely the tailor, sewing together a cloak of stars and
sadness. What becomes of it is for you to decide, spirits. Whatever
you make of it, this is the record of my tribe, the Stargazers.

Shié FILLS S Fat garer"

The first story will be told in no orie's voice butmy oum. It
is from a different time,and I do not trust this story to strangers ,
espécially those ‘not of our tribe..It is not the first story in
chronology, but to us, itis still the niost important! Listen to me
now as I speak of the first Stargazer:

lam Li Tie-puai,-or Li of the Iron Crutch.1 am called
this because my right foot is shriveled and turned inward,

Chapter One: The Long River of Stars 11

— RE 2 —__ EY NT

1

and my calf muscle is small and weak. Arid'so in my forms
where I walk upon two legs; I use-a heavy crutch made of
iron. lama very old man whohas seén many times and many
places. Soon I die, but even in the throes of death I will be
able to smile when thinking of the following story. Oh, you
might think a story like this should come from the mouth of
a laughing No-Moon; but I promise you —— it is true! I will
tell you this tale, and you will see how intrinsically we are
tied to the very creation of the universe.

I will tell you more about the Jade Emperor later, but
trust now that he was the wise master of the cosmos, and his
name was Yu-Huang-Shang-Ti. He had a bride, the beauti-
ful T'ai-Shen..T'ai-Shen. was the creator of the world, the
beautiful spirit that lent life to the ground and molded all
living things from the magical clay of the earth. The two of
them. sat in Heaven. on their respective thrones, watching
the world grow and change between the triangular forces of
Passion, Reality, and Darkness. The Jade Emperor, how-
ever, held great rivalries with the King of Darkness, a great
shadowy snake known as Kung-Kung. Kung-Kung was never
satisfied with his role; he always wanted more. The thrones
of Heaven looked very tasty to the King of Darkness, andhe
knew that if he was able to usurp the Jade Emperor's rule, he
could have true control over the world instead of always
being locked in struggle with the other two forces of Passion
and Reality. But Darkness was not meant to rule —~ Dark-
ness is imbalanced and too hungry. The Jade Emperor knew
that Kung-Kung's domain was that of suffering and blood.
While the world needs its dose of those two dark elements,
should Kung-Kung be allowed to steal the dual thrones of
Heaven, then the world would drown in terrible pain — and
that could not be permitted. And so, the Emperor and the
King were constantly warring with one another.

Therulers of Heaven had awolfthar was called Pan Gu.
The wolf was a simple beast of piebald gray. He was humble
and without a cruel nature, and he also had a deeply clever
mind (after all, Pan Gu was a beast of Heaven, and was given
a greater dose of wit and intelligence than other animals).
Once day, Kung-Kung made a failed attempt on T'ai-Shen's
life, and the Jade: Emperor decided that no more of the
snake's machinations would be tolerated. He issued a prom-
ise to'the denizens of Heaven: "Whosoever brings me the
head of the great setpent Kung-Kung will be allowed to wed
my wife, the beautiful creator, T'ai-Shen!" But all were
afraid of the dark serpent, and no one offered their aid ‘in
regards to cutting off and thieving Kung-Kung's dragon
head. But the wolf overheard, and that night while the Jade
Emperor and T'ai Shen were asleep, Pan Gu left the palace
and traveled through the many worlds and many stars until
he reached the deep, subterranean palace of Kung-Kung,
the King of Darkness.

The wolf went to Kung-Kung-and lay down by the
serpent's side, and Kung-Kung was amused and swelled with
pride. The King of Darkness announced to the spirit world,
"Ah-ha! The Jade Emperor weakens, for his lowliest pet has

12 Sfavgazers

LE LL E:T I ST LL A

comeé to join me by my side! Soon I will have the thrones of
Heaven!" And so the dark serpent declared that he would
throw a great banquet in honor of his ascendancy to the
throne, an unprecedented feast filled with grisly revelry and
grotesque-delights: All of the worst spirits were invited.
Creatures of lies, anguish, gluttony, and lust were allowed to
attend, and they all gorged on their grim meals alongside
Kung-Kung.

But Kung-Kung's hungers ruled him; his darkness was
forever driven by his manifold appetites, and that night he
fell into a deep slumber as his serpentine body processed all
that he had consumed: After all the spirirs had left, and
while the King of Darkness was caught in the throes of
bottomless sleep, Pan Gu sneaked into the serpent's cham-
bers and gnawed off the beast's head! After that the wolf
dragged the head back through the many worlds, up the
steps of Heaven, -and into the-throne room of the Jade
Emperor and T'ai-Shen.

Yu-Huang-Shang-Ti was astonished. Was it truly pos-
sible that this simple animal — his own faithful wolf —~ had
mastered the cunning and ingenuity to sneak into the
underground chambers of Darkness and bite off Kung-
Kung's gigantic head? It must be, he decided, and from there
he knew that he was looking upon the most wise and loyal
creature that his bride, T'ai-Shen, had ewer molded from the
substance of the world.

The Jade Emperor thus decided to offer his own bride to
the wolf Pan Gu, but first he knew that it was not natural for
the goddess to mate so openly with such a different animal,
and so he changed Pan Gu. He wanted the beast to have the
body of a man, but still retain-the heart and mind of the
clever wolf that captured Kung-Kung's head. And so Pan Gu
was given the fluidity of forms, able to become both man and
animal, transitive and liquid like water and wind. Pan'Gu
took the form of a-man with a-wolfs head as the Jade
Emperor offered his old servant the hand of his bride, but
much to the Emperor's surprise, Pan Gu shook his head!

"Tl do not deserve such a magnificent bride," Pan Gu
said; and instantly the Emperor knew that to be true. But
Pan Gucontinued: "I wish not tobe her husband, but instead
to be her protector because even now Isense that Kung-Kung
is growing not just one new head, but many,.and I fear that
her life and her creations are in-danger. All is of T'ai-Shen,
and I wish for it to remain that way."

The Jade Emperor turned this over to the goddess T'ai-
Shen who created the world, and she was honored with Pan
Gu's newly affirmed loyalty. She said that Pan Gu would
have power upon the earth to protect her, and that he may
live there upon a mountain called by her name, T'ai-Shen.
There he would be the first of many such protectors, all of
whorm would have calm hearts and strong minds that they
could use to keep her safe: And so Pan Gu was the first of our
kind, the earliest of Stargazers.

It is a silly story, but that is how stories are. It is'a tale
L believe.


Saco SaaS! Of POE Dp

Let us go back a ways, before our origins, to thé origins of
all things. I have two stories to tell. How can there be tavo stories,
you say? Others -believe in-one story, not two. We -believe in
many, but these two are only examples. Truth has a funny way
of wearing marvy faces: Is one face the true face; or yet another
mask? The real truth is, it does not matter I speak now inthe
voice of ancestor Dai Zheng,.the Celestial Minister:

ITserve Yu-Huang-Shang-Ti, the August Supreme Em-
peror of Jade. His court is in the highest level of Heaven, and
that is where I reside, now as a spirit monitoring all things.
‘There was once a void. A place of impenetrable nothing, a
core of central chaos exemplified by Darkness. On the edges
of this void, forces conspired to act. These were the two
forces of Passion and Reality..Reality was hollow without
Passion, but without Reality, Passion did not have .a body.
So the two became one like dragons biting each other's tails,
and this way they were able to penetrate the Darkness and
become one with the void. This was the first act that created
the Wheel of Ages.

The Wheel turned first and the Age of Dawning opened
its eyes,-and with it grew the Master of Ten.Thousand
Things, Yu-Huang-Shang-Ti. The August Emperor found
that this was.a time of puré light. Perfection was uniform,
and the three forces that created the universe were in ideal
accord..OQut of this, the August Personage wielded great
magic to turn the Wheel of Ages again.

The second age; the Age of the Ten Thousand Things;
was ushered in by the act of creating the Emperor's bride,
‘T'ai-Shen. Yu-Huang-Shang-Ti was lonely and demanded
one to balarice him, and so T'ai-Shen was born, who would
create all things. from the clay of the world." First she
created the spirits frorm the lowest ranks to the highest
ranks, then she molded plants, then sculpted mankind,
and after man came the ones with special gifts. The Wan
Xian, the Asien, the hengeyokai..Still the world. was in
balance. For all. things black there were-all things white.
Nothing existed without a partner, and the Wheel of Ages
sat perfectly upon this pinnacle of pinpoint balance. If the
Wheel could have been stopped there, the world would not
be where it was today, needing protectors to defend it from
the gnawing urges pushing it toward oblivion..But the
Wheel continued ro turn unabated, and the third age, the
Age of Legends, blossomed.

it is said that a-single act was able to imbalance the
world. All things had their equals and their opposites; and
this was the way that the Wheel remained balanced. But
somehow, one brother was led to. murder another. Dida
spirit whisper in his ear? Had Darkness decided that it
wanted to return to its prominence in. the void,-or had
Reality grown to believe that it was more than the sum of its
parts? It doesn't matter.The brother was murdered, and it
was asmall thing. But small things have a way of becoming
big. It was only one small imbalance, one tiny imperfection.
But other imperfections began happening. Little things, out

a

of place. The Wheel of Ages shuddered, and began spinning
slightly off of its axis: The three forces of all things awoke
independently, no longer seeing themselves as part of one
harmonious being but instead believing themselves to be
separate pieces, each better than. the other...A flood of
spiders crawled out of the body of Reality and began to spin
webs over all things in an éffort to trap them. The fiery heart
of Passion lashed out with tendrils of madness... And from the
bowels of darkness crawled the dragon Kung-Kung, whose
belly swarmed with worms ready to eat away the axis of the
Wheel of Ages'so that rhe universe would once more ropple
back into the deep and formless void. The Yama Kings were
given dominion, ancient demons that branded men's hearts.
The August Emperor awakened the powers of men to fight
against the demons while Passion sent its lunacy into the
blood of the shape-changers. The world shook with war that
would never cease:

The Wheel began spinning drastically off-kilter, and
this movement birthed the troublesome Age of Testing,
when death was more prominent than life.. Those of the
Changing Blood bit into one another as' living ‘death
consumed the hearts of the August Emperor's own chil-
dren. The three forces that once-had been one were
growing madder-by the moment...Each'> wanted promi-
nence, and balance was a hungry ghost without weight:
The worlds began to separate. Heavens, Hells, spirit worlds,
all lashed apart and walled away from the world as the
hierarchies of spirits were lost in the fight. The roads to
virtue were blocked and_-all beings became darker,.their
eyes turned from the light.

‘This darkness of the soul brought this current fifth age,
the Age of Shadows. Passion is lost and blind. Reality has
bound and gagged the world in. the webs. of its children.
Darkness has coiled itself around the roots of the world. The
Wheel of Ages was barely able to spawn this most current
age, the Age of Sorrow. :

This is the time when the Wheel may stop turning. It
sits upon a evanescent foundation, and if that withers, the
world will achieve complete imperfection. This is atime of

horror: Demons have awakeried and resumed their thrones: ..

The karmic debt of all beings is heavy enough to snap them
all.in half, and the death felt across the world is enough to
bring the Wheel crashing down back into nothing. This is
what may happen: Where once there was Creation, there
will soon be nothing more than Oblivion.

This is an-alternate,.and somewhat shorter story, froma
member of our tribe called Deya Purana. She is a mouthpiece, like
I, born under the swollen belly moon. Listen:

Gaia has always beén here. In the beginning She was a
sound, a single vowel shouted out ovérasea of nothingness.
This sound was formless and reached across all things,
echoing back uporm itself a thousandfold until it weaved
together the womb that would birth her body. At first, her
body was nothing more than wind and water. The sound
carried her spirit, and was called the Wyld. The water below

Chapter One: The Long River of Stars 13

iq

churned with a race of sérpéent-demons, and the water was
called Raksha,-the Wyrm. The wind carried the spray of
water and the whorls of sound and forced them together to
make all things, and so this wind is called the Weaver. The
first thing to be created out of this was a mountain called
Meru, and from this mountain all creatures, spirits, and gods
would crawl. Raksha the W/yrm grew jealous of these other
creatures, and began churning the seas even more, atrempt-
ing to drown these beings (and alli of reality) in-its milky,
venom-slick waters. Gaia was threatened, but she was granted
the gift of warriors to stand against the Wyrm's jealousy, and
these warriors were beasts who could become men. These
beasts attacked Raksha. and forced him to vomit up the
Seven: Precious Things: Truth, Harmony, Song, Heaven,
Peace, Anger, and most ‘important "of -all, Lovee All the
Changing Bloods were then made to protect these Seven
Precious Things, but one group of them was ceded a very
special task. These shapechangers were given the charge not
to protect the Seven Precious Things, but to understand
them..and teach others .that which they learn... These
shapechangers are the Stargazers.

The Cire of Sette"

Now you will hear from ayoung man of our tribe. I am
holding his voice for you to hear, so hear it now. These are the
words of Peter Cleartongue:

‘Thére's two stories heré. One people think they know,
and one people really do know but are too afraid to really
remember it. You follow meso far? Nobody likes to hear
what I have to say; but I have dreams, right? These dreams
let me remember far,.far back. They say I have a strong
ancestral spirit, which bothers people because, hey, 'm an
American. Sure; I'm racially Chinese, but 1 was born in this
country and ['m staying in this country. That makes people
nervous when I tell them that Everything You. Always
Wanted to Know About Klaital is probably wrong.

The first story, the one people tell, is simple.-A long
time ago, there was a time when humans were breeding
like rabbits. Their numbers swelled like tumors, and they
were untrained like monkeys and began guzzling up Gaia's
resources left and right. Chopping down trees, fouling the
rivers with their piss and shit, putting the torch or axe to
anything that. got in their way. The-stories say that
mankind was out of control, and you know what? That's
probably true. So, how to solve this problem? The correct
answer would be to teach them, guide them, shépherd the
apes into some kind of enlightenment —— but the correct
answer is rarely the easy one, and everybody likes an easy
answer: In this case, the easy answet was as simple as Kill
them all, let Gaia sort ‘em -out.

And so you have the Impérgium. The pogrom of man
began, and humans were hedged in-by tooth and claw,
murdered for following their natural iristincts.. That clever
cosmic spider-queen, the Weaver, protected her children as
best as possible; madly spinning webs to help man innovate
and protect himself, but she was only so much use. Even

14 Stargazers

OLE Ee, LT ES EY A LT A

now, with all the advances that civilization allows, you
really think a man versus a werewolf —— hell, ten. men versus
one of us ~~ ina cage match, mano a mano,-is going to end
well for the human? It wouldn'tnow, and itsure as hell didn't
then. Men built axes, walls, hid behind covers of leaf and
branch to camouflage themselves. But axes couldn't ‘cut
through our hide, walls couldn't keepus from coming in, and
camouflage didn't mean. dick when it came down to the
high-precision instrument of a wolf's sniffer, right?

This is the part of the story everybody knows, or thinks
they know. There were no tribes at this point, only a loosely
amalgamatéd collection of angry, hairy sonsofbitches, but
one of them started thinking differently and saying so to
boot. This one's name was Klaital, and he was considered to
be one of the wisest, most prudent Garou among them.
Klaital wasa master—— he could discern secrets from the stars
and whisper tales from the time before wolves and man
when only you spirits held court over the Gaia realm: So this
one, this "most wise" of werewolves, spoke up against the
killing of man. He held up his hands and pointed out that
slaughter only made the humans worse: Treating them like
beasts made them: think like beasts; and they should be
taught,-not tortured. The story goes that Klaital came to
realize just how dark and hypocritical the spirit of the Garou
truly is, and that the werewolves were only ensuring that
man would édge closer to their patron saint, the Weaver,
which in turn only strengthened the oppression against the
poor little Wyrm. And so Klaital wept, sank like a stone into
the grim waters of Harano, and left. This, the sages say, is
why we walk apart from the other tribes, and why we must
remain alone. Blah blah blah.

But let's talk truth, real truth, honest truth. I'm going to
tell you how Klaital fucked us from this moment. You'll
probably never hear this story repeated again,-unless. it
comes from my lips. Does that make it untrue? Aim_I lying?
Maybe. But I don't think so. This has come to me in dreams,
and [.feel- its certainty crawling in. the marrow of my
goddamn bones. The real story diverges when Klaital goés to
tell the other assembled Garou to stop; to learm to coexist
and enlighten the monkeys instead of culling them like
livestock. Picture it: Klaital is standing before the throngs of
wolfmen, seething beasts who stand rapt.as the wise elder
speaks to them of balance and compassion and other big, cozy
words. As he's there, orating inhis simple way,a single stone
sails from the treeline. Not a big stone..No bigger than a
man's fist, anyway. And it hits our beloved Klaital square in
the back of his head. Whack! His words are interrupted, and
a collective, growling murmur travels across the assembled
beast-men like ripples in an angry pond.

Then the monkeys attack. A-small cluster of them, no
more than two dozen, foolishly decided that they could be
a match for the creatures of the night that came and drew
claws across the throats of their children. They have new
toys given by the Weaver, and thinking that they have the
upper hand, they rush the scene. Here you think, Oh, this is

\ wal

where the wolves attack and ‘slaughter the uppity humans and
Klaital tries to stop them but they can't hear his sensible words of
peace through the sounds of gory butchery? Right?

Wrong. Klaital didn't speak out against the violence.
Noy Klaital led the charge; his rage burrowing out-of his
heart and exploding into his blood. His was the first claw
to rake flesh from bone, the first jaw to snap closed on the
brittle skull of a retreating man. He tasted blood, felt it
wash over him like a healing tide,-and the other Garou
joined in.-They slaughtered the impudent apes like so
much cattle-It was quick, easy, and afterward Klaital's fur
was spattered with gore.

How's that for balarice?" Does enlighteriment usually
come atthe end of aripping claw? Here our estimable, most-
venerable elder preaches a message of tolerance; and has to
take a five-minute break to slaughtersome innocents. Didn't
exactly do much to help his case. The shame he felt was like
a great anchor tied to his heart. His soul shrank at the very
smell of death that hung about him, and he went to bathe
himself in the river. Once he was clean, he left the others:
He simply stalked off in the other direction, determined to
never return to the fold. Not because of his shame in them,
but because of his shame in himself. The indignity of what
he had done set him apart from the others, he decided. It was
too easy to watch rhe balance he so carefully strived for go
spiraling off into ated, red rage. And so Klaital settled on the
fact that he should forever be apart from the world, and he
became near-obsessed with mastering his inner fire... He
chose to keep his rage contained, capped, lidded, sealed up
within him. That way, such a-grave mistake could never
happen again.

Sound like anyone? Sound like, oh, any Stargazer you
Know? Sounds like alot of them, to me. Klaital screwed us all.
His action —~ and his shame of that action —— still sings a sad
song in our blood, and it dishonors us to this very day. We
dig deep holes inside of us and bury our anger, atid in the
process we walk far apart from the other Garou. Is this a good
thing? Some say yes, some say no. I myself don't know and
am not one wise enough to decide..Maybe this is the road
we're meant to walk down, or maybe we just think that and
it's actually a road that leads to nowhere. What I do know
is, the story I know about Klaital isn't the one they tell in
Srargazer School.

A postscript to the tale deserves to be told. As a tribe,
we're obsessed with balance, peace, keeping our rage teth-
ered inside so we don't break out-of the cycle..I was in
Shanghai last year, in the Shandong province, séeking to
learn some itty-bitty secrets of our tribe from a Tengu junk
dealer, but he was out buying cigarettes, so 1 stopped off to
pray atalocal temple. Another of our tribe was there; lL wor't
tell you his name. He seemed wise,.and he was a No Moon
like myself, so | decided to test the waters and tell him my
little secret about Klaital. He took it very well. And by "well"
I mean that he bit a meaty chunk out of my shoulder, raked
afoot-long gash that ler my rib-bones breathe fresh air, and

Se nen ers en rer seen S r eee

then thréw me off the roof of the temple where I fell five
stories. "Then he disappeared into the night. How's that for
balance? Ah; Klaital, your curse lives on.

Ug of Share

Waters+-Swiftly-Still was a balancer, a Half Moon who lived
during that time some call the War of Rage, others call the War
of Shame. His spirit lives on as our ancestor, speaking tous during
our quiet times. He tells us now of the time in which he lived:

Ler me speak of balance. It is my gift.

Balance; we once-said,'comes from the -perfection of
wisdom. And how does one obtain a perfection of wisdom?
By abstaining, we said. One who is on the path of balance,
whowalks the thinnest string across a vast and empty gorge,
must not act rashly or he will fall into death.- Abstinence
must be adhered to in regards t6é all things on this world and
in our souls. Abstain from killing. .Abstain from acts of lust.
Abstain from acts of greed. Abstain from the emotions of
enjoyment and sadness and anger for these things are sure to
push you from your path of walking the tight string.

During my time, our tribe was few in number, muchas
it ismow. We did not breed like the others... There came a
time when the Garou decided that they were the greatest
of the Changing Blood, that they could demand servitude
from the spirits and the other shapechangers.'The catmen
held secret wisdom away from the world and the ratmen
buried arcane relics deep within the bowels of their nesting
warrens. Foxmen knew the answers to many riddles and
the bearmen held communicated covertly with Gaia her-
self. The Garou grew jealous. These gifts should rightly be
theirs, it was decided, and so they made motion to take the
gifts from the others. Atfirst they asked, and were met with
disdain. The next option was to take their wants by force.
Much blood was spilled... Whole races of the Changing
Blood were forever lost, never to be renewed on the great
Wheel of Ages.. The boars, bats, bulls, all wiped cleanly
from the mortal. plane, never to re-emerge. The fields of
battle were soaked with death.

We, the Stargazers, held back. We abstained from
judgmentr. The only perfect choice, we decided, was the path -
of inaction. The path of inaction was fraught with no
danger. There were no worries of falling off our precarious
string. Of course, we gave counsel. We encouraged other
Garou; even othet of the Changing Blood, to artempt to find
the perfection of wisdom and balance that we sought so
desperately. Some listened. Most did not.

One of our tribe; Kirw of the Five-Color Star, did not
agree with our policy of restraint. She went to our eldest
members and tried to sway them to intervene, to stand
against our.more brutal brothers. She had been out in the
forest, she said, and had found a great slaughter of Okuma,
the children of the Bear. It seemed, she said, that they hadn't
even fought back, that they had only been rounded up and
gutted like fish on the forest floor. There was dried blood on
her hands, rusty and red. The elders denied her. She went to

CAapter One: The Lo ng River of Stars 15

a RE

ie

me, and asked for me to defy our limitations and quash our
fear to help her protect the Changing Bloods who were
tyrannized by our Garou neighbors. I told her no, and she
said that she would go at it alone.

She left us..Went away, alone; into the dark night. I
knéw I would be unable to forgive myself if I did not
attempt to stop her, for she was teetering on the brink of
final imbalance. She needed to be pulled back from the
edge to resume the minimal path: Kiru was my sister, we
were from the same litter, and I would not let this happen
to her. I went after her.

She was elusive like a'sea snake; as soon as I thought
I had a trail leading me to her, she wriggled away and the
hunt was thrown off course.-At-one point, I had lost her
scent for many days, and I was certain that I would not be
able to find her. The spirits already whispered that she had
run secret attacks on the other Garou, that she had fouled
their drinking water and stolen their martial weapons to
throw into the deepest pits and lakes. But then, by the
temple at Amidaji, [heard rell that there was a great battle
raging not far, on the fields of Dan-no-ura. Kiru would be
there, I knew, and so I went.

But I was too late. The battle had come and passed like
a quickly burning fire, and now the once-emerald field was
spattered with red. Bodies lay everywhere; almost allOkuma,
their massive bodies hulking like dirt piles, cooling with the
setting sun. Flies ran thick in. the sky and carpeted corpses.
Through the rancid scent of death, I caught a familiar hint,
and my nose rold me that Kiru was here. I smelled the flowers
she kept. in her hair and the oils she washed with: I also
smelled her blood.

She was lying across the warform of another Garou,
whose throat had been opened by a ragged tear of claw or
teeth —— Kiru's claws or teeth, I surmised. Her own belly had
been ripped open, the guts spread around her in a pile.

Spirits atrended to her. Butterflies tasting her tears;
whispering ghosts dabbing at her brow with leaves. She was
dying, and I knelt by her and told her'that I could carry her
to the temple, and there we would heal her and talk of her
indiscretions..Kiru.only smiled at me, her teeth. smeared
with crimson; and she laughed a weak laugh.

"Muso," she said (for that was once tiny name), "it was
not my indiscretion thar killed me, it was yours." I told her
I didn't understand, that she chose the path of excess and in
turn had placed herself far out of balance. Again she laughed.

"Balance is not this thirig," she said, and I did not
believe her. Her bruised lips worked, telling me this: "Bal-
ance is finding equal measure of all things: Ona scale, if you
place four stones on one plate and four stones on the other,
then you have seen balance. There are two sides of the scale
for us; my brother. There is action, and then there is inaction.
You have placed all of your stones on one side of the scale.
I have chosen to distribure equally between. I understand
moderation and restraint, but I also understand that when
the world calls me to battle,.I will be there.-Your scale is

16 Sfargazers

OLE Le FT LY LS A

tilted toward one side, and oné side only. Who is better
balanced then, you, or [?"

She laughed again, and I told herthat I did not believe
her, but that didn't matter. I tried to pick her up and take her
to the temple, but she coughed up a terrible knot of blood
and humours onto my shoulder... and then her eyes went
dead and her soul passed. I locked at the scene one last time
to see the butchery that had prevailed here, and in my mind
Iwas able to tell myself that Kiru was wrong, that her choice
was truly the path of imbalance. went home, stone-faced,
never to think of Kiru again.

le was not long before I fell into the sadness that assails
the spirit, and it did not matter if ] chose action or inaction,
because I was incapable of truly understanding either. I only
knew grayness, a bleak pit inside of me that I never under-
stood. 1 passed on this way, dozens of years later. I never left
it, never recovered. The War of Shame was a terrible time
for all of us; you see,-and each of us held onto our own kernel
of disgrace and shame. Qur gréatest shame asa tribe was that
we never did anything to stand in the way of true imbalance,
and my own greatest shame is that I never aided the only one
who truly tried. Such is the passing of time, when all records
of our indignities are made clear for us only when it has
become too late.

V Be JP dteatversly Tetra

Some tales of our tribe are less myth and more history: But
sull these moments of the past lie mostly hidden from us. We were
not alive then, and though-some kept written records, these
records have either been destroyed over tirne or were so well
hidden (a testament to the concealer) that they have yet to-be
found.-But our tribe holds a better connection to our past selves
than ather tribes do.. They think of their ancestors as separate and
dead. But ours still live like wind inside of us; and in fact,-are us
in truth.-One of our kind knows this very well. He is Manjushri
the Noble and Gentle, and in his voice are a thousand voices.
Take note, spirits:

Pm the mother and father of many. And I'm the child
of many more. You are spirits, but your memory is transient.
Mine's eternal. There have been ‘a thousand Manjushris
over ren thousand years, each one with a different name and
different mind but-the exact same heart. That heart srill
beats on inside of me, and it has seen .a vast swath of history.
Tcan tell you much of the history that's been lost to us. My
sword of wisdom may be able to pare down your ignorance
to a manageable portion.

During the early times, mankind began fumbling its
way into this thing called "civilization." They began to build
buildings higher than their own heads, érect statues of their
reverent leaders, and stare upat the sky while pondering
some small part of "what it allreally meant." Our kind, and
by that I do not mean -Stargazers burt all of the Garou,
attempted to cull the clans of men first,-and later the races
of the Changing Blood. Both attempts blessedly failed, but
we (and now I do mean our tribe) were left with preat scars

\s

after. Our souls were tattered, torn, like moth-eaten cloth.
We had left the other Garou and opted to travel alone,
seeing our path as a "higher one." Many who still remember
this choice use it today as one of the reasons we left the
Garou Nation as it stands in this modern age. After all, if we
did it before, can't we do it again? (Though, as you'll learn,
spirits... history has an odd way of circling back on itself.)

Because we had left the other wolfmen, and because of
our egregious errors with both man and the other Changing
Bloods, many of us desired to make- reparations. We -of-
fended men first, and they needed our help most of all. One
of my ancestors knew a Stargazer called Rahula, and Rahula
declared that he would become the "Guardian of Novices."
Men and women were the most novice of them all, and
Rahula went among the cities of men to teach the sheep a
means of shepherding themselves. Rahula became as an
advisor, and when he was not busy counseling at the side of
a throne, he was teaching others of our kind to do the same.
Soon, much of the Stargazer tribe was walking upon the
streets of men, enlightening them as best we knew how.
Rahula, by now an.old man, drew up the first of the Three
Accords. of the Tribe of Stars:. The Heavenly .Accord of
Ignorant Man. This document and declaration said, simply,
that we had much debt to these mortal children of Gaia, and
that we would teach them to be strong and to pay proper
reverence to their mother. We instructed them how to read
the future by the stars, and how to navigate by thern, too.

In that time, we encountered much trouble from others
appearing to do the same as us. These advisors, however,
weren't looking to enlighten and ascend nations, but-to
bring them low into suffering'and debauchery. Soon many
kings fell under the sway of ancient demons such as Emma-
©, Dagon, or Kaoru-Shinji. We fought them every step of
the way.

In time, our debt was paid. The men we gitided were out
of the darkness and were capable of governing themselves:
They could assume our roles, guiding one another. Our hand
was no longer needed. And so we went to our second debt,
to the Changing Bloods.

Uma Maheshvara, another of our tribe, recognized our
neéd to salve the burning second debt, and she took up the
cause. She led asmall band of Stargazer Theurges whocalled
themselves the Charters of Secret Roads. They studied the
nature of Dragon Lines, seeking to harness the unspoken
truths intrinsic in this vast network.of energy lines. From
there, they sought new doorways into the Mirror Lands of
the Umbra, and they also located forgotten hearts of power
in Gaia's flesh that still pulsed with some puissance. They
went deep into the darkness of the universe, crawled through
underworlds and soared through heavens..Once they dis-
covered these ‘clandestine -in-roads and sacred locations,
they turned over all the information to the various courts of
the hengeyokai, who were still reeling from their lossés in
the War of Shame: Uma then demanded that all Stargazers
do as she and her followers had done..The others needed

See ee ers an een Ee SR: ee

strength, and the Stargazers would give it to them as a favor
for our one-time indifference. Hence the second of the
Accords was drawn up, the Heavenly Accord of the Gift of the
Celestial Mysteries:

By this point, we had broken almost completély away
from all other Garou. We were so involved with either
the ways of man or the paths of the other Changing
Bloods that the Garou suspected we had up and died,
paying homage to the tenet of the Litany that states one
shall not suffer their tribe in sickness. In perhaps a way,
that is what we did~ And none ever expected to come
back around and mix ways once again with the other
Garou,...but that is exactly what happened.

& great evil rose up out of the sands and mountains of
the desert in and around the place now identified as the
Middle East.. There is no one ‘truth as to what happened.
Some say an ancient casket was reopened and rancorous
spirits escaped, and others mutter that great demons were
not satisfied with their slice of the world and so strived to
steal more. Whatever the truth is; the blackened finger-
prints of the Wyrm were smeared across everything. Across
every burning village, every massacre, every cannibal act.
AU of the Corrupter's names were spoken: Kung-Kung, the
Centipede, the Betrayer, Shaitan, the Yomi. And all of his
tools were used, as well. The flesh-eating bakemono crawled
the earth like the walking dead, poisonous red rain ate at the
skin of mortals, kin-jin vampires left their deep pit caves at
night and scented for blood.:GGreat monsters swelled with
the Wyrm's breath.

Our Garou brethren, led by the Silent Strider tribe,
fought this: black tide at every turn. Much Garou blood
soaked the rocky sand north above the fertile valley,-and
slowly but surely the Striders were cut away in little slivers,
numbers dangerously dwindling. Murukan, the Red One, a
warrior of our tribe who was graced with the power of
foretelling (as many of us are), had a vision one night while
loping as a wolf upon the banks of the Ganges River, andhe
saw that a tumor had grown swollen and distended, and if it
were allowed more power, there was nothing it would not
consume. Balance was broken.-Gaia would be eaten, too, our
Emerald Mother chewed to ribbons.

Maurukan lead a quick chargé in crafting and employ-
ing the third accord: The Heavenly Accord of the Emerging
Guardian Kings.-This accord demanded that all Stargazers
would first call together their allies (both.within the
courts of man and within the-courts of the Changing
Bloods); and second would bring them all to the battle-
fields to choke the life out of the Wyrm's sudden power.
It was our duty, Murukan said. He described our tribe as
an empty vessel,.devoid of autonomy or' individual
thought. .Murukan-explained that we were like empty
scales, perfectly balanced,.and it was our job to enforce
this balance in the world. The only thing to fill us up with
was the windy breath of responsibility and obligation,
and that's what this was. Obligation.

CAapter One: The Long River of Stars 17

a OY EN

£

We went. We took our allies into battle: The armies of
men clashed against the hideous -bakemono.. The .Corax
picked ar the eyes of the enemy while the spider-changers
and ratmen pulled the beasts into secret traps.. The Khan
and the Nagah fought like fiends, side-by-side with us ~ and
more importantly, with the other Garou. Over many years,
after much death was spun back onto the Cycle of Being as
life,. we -achieved victory, however temporary, over the
trickery and perversions of the Corrupter. And we expected
that we had been reunited with the Garou Nation, perhaps
permanently. 1 can sée now that we were wrong.

A Be Par of Cireap Jylialarce

Centuties came and went. Our tribe members were
left to deal with the world as they saw fit.. The other tribes
held fast. to. single courses, navigating squarely in one
direction or another. We did nots Some Stargazers re+
mained among the kingdoms of men,.influencing the
dynasties, baronies, caliphas of the mortal world. Orhers
embroiled themselves in' Garou -politics,.or taught -the
other Garou some (though never all) of our undisclosed
divinations. Some traveled in packs, though most adhered
to our mentor-and-student approach. Nothing was con-
stant; all things were changing. But we always endeavored
to create balance and harmony, for it was our way.

We sat beneath the trees arid taught future bodhisattuds
the nature of equilibrium. We stood in the shadows as the

18 Stargazers

OLE eT iY 2 LL A

sage called Jeshua ben- Yosef was born in the desert. We
protected Beijing, the City of God, from hungry spirits and
demons tamed by mad magicians. We-allowed plagues to
sink their teeth in the worid, because -at first they were
merely agents of the Cycle of Being, for death and dying
needed to forever be a natural part of the world. We watched
as these sicknesses were leashed by the Earer-of-Souls and
Beast-of-War for their own grisly purposes... We walked
among the pilgrims of Mohatnmed, plying their ears with
the talk of a.steady soul..Many of the records of man and
Garou show that we were absent from the world. This is not
true. We-were never absent. But we were silent.

But our silent ways would come to a close in the late
thirteenth céntury. Few outside of us realize even now the
sharp division that rose between the members of our tribe.
Was it-a civil war? It-could be called that,-yes, for our
ideological differerices were so vast that it caused us to battle
one another. Our balance toppled like a toothpick house as
we spilled the blood of other Stargazers, not the blood of the
Cotrupter as we should've:

First, out of the plateaus and steppes of Mongolia rose
anomadic people untouched by the rest of the world, as they
had been blocked from the influence of all other civiliza-
tions. These people had specialized ways of life that suited
only them; they remained illiterate and technologically
limited, but they were strong thinkers, strategists, and most


han

importantly, survivors. We had many kin among them, and
scattered within were packs of Stargazers.

From the Silk Road, men came with bad natures. They
brought plague. They had inventions that boggled the mind
of the nomads and made their hearts hurt. And then, the
Stargazers and their kin began having dreams. These dreams
showed anew enemy —~ or in their minds, the "true" enemy-
It was not the Wyrm. The Corrupter was once an agent of
balance, and had been tricked and trapped by the devious
Spider Queen, who had gone mad. Her lunacy made her
dangerous, and thus she had to be destroyed.

When the Mongols found themselves being marshaled
to action by the brilliant warlord Chinghis Khan, they did
not know that Srargazers walked behind the action. The
Mongols swept the world like a fire. The parapets of Eastern
Europe, and the battlements of Islam took the first hits:
Many died... The Mongols. were: brutal; when they were
unableé to surmount the forces, at night the Stargazers came
in swift-moving clutches, slashing at the resources and
leaders of the enemy until their ranks. were sufficiently
thinned. Allin the name of destroying that which belonged
to Her, the Weaver.

As they did this, anothér group of our kind rose out of
the Middle Kingdom, out of China and Japan. It was a
group of Stargazers who favored the quiet, contemplative
path. Poets, prophets, and philosophers all. They chose a
serene life of inaction: It was believed that the only way
that waters remained placid was if they remained undis-
turbed. Their position was to never disturb the world, but
only to watch and offer guidance, enlightenment, and
truth. They spread out in pairs (again the mentor-student
alliance) to preach this way among the other Stargazers,
Garou, and Changing Bloods.

The final third of our tribe was split amongst those who
were most like the other Garou. These were Stargazers who
felt that duty was most important aboveall other. things.
Duty to Gaia, to one another,.to mortal man. They traveled
in packs, rarely settling in one place but always attempting
toaffect the world wherever they went. They fought side-by-
side with other-Garou, seeking to impart temperance and
balance before leaving once again. Their great enemy te-
mained the Wyrm and his demons: There was no worse
fiend than the Corrupter.

Needless to say, these three factions Could not: —-or
would not —— agree: Those who favored inaction -went
among the other dutiful Stargazers to plead their case, but
were ignored. Then they went to the Mongol packs to beg
the cause of inaction, and their heads were sent back East...
separate from their bodies. Meanwhile; the Mongol Garou
and the dutiful Stargazers clashed again and again, cutting
each other's throats at every turn, each side attempting to
enforce their own concept of "balance" and each fighting
their own particular "enemy." The dutiful claimed that the
Mongols had given into the Wyrm, and the Mongols said

See ee ees en ere cenen PE as ee

that the dutiful had been forever bound by the sickening silk
of the Weaver. No middle ground could be found.

The Mongols-shifted and changed over the course of
the following centuries (even. going so far as to using
advanced Chinese technology, clearly the Weaver's tools),
but the Stargazers who favored wrecking the Weaver's webs
meétéely went on into other cultures and other places. They
can still be found today. The dutiful Stargazers dwindled in
number, unable to be fully accepted by any one group,
finding rio recompense (and only death) for their favors to
the world. They remain low in number today, but never
absent..And the Stargazers who favor inaction swelled in
number. More and more of our tribe found that retaining
balance in the boat meant never standing up. Sitting in the
éenter, quiet and still, would keep the vessel afloat. Many
still exist today, though many died at Shigalu.

The division still exists, the War of Imbalance rages on,
and our tribe has never been thé same from this separation.
Some scholars and prophets within our tribe believe some
day we will be reconciled and will all come together under
a common banner, though I myself fear that the "common
banner" will be nothing more than our total demise.

She Na-Lne SPargaress

Peter Wu is a learnéd, scientific mémber of ovr tribe who
may appear not to be with us at all upon first glance. Peter has
embraced the ways of learning and study that the Weaver has
made available to us all. He does much work on the origins,
history, and future of the Stargazers, andas such, adiscussion
of our tribe would be sorely lacking without his input, would
it not? We are proud to have him as one of our blood. Here are
his findings:

Vm a little bit scientist, a little bit historian. I consult
the spirits or stars just as often as I consult books, fossils, or
DNA findings. But in this instance, 1 was surprised to learn
something that even the deep spirits didn't know. Let's talk
about the New World.

Well, first, let's go back even bheforethat. Five thousand
or so years, tobe exact. At that point, herds of early nomadic
man took generation's to cross the "Beringian-landbridge
(now submerged, obviously), which is how the Americas
came to have a native population. These Eurasians, upon
coming to the Western. continents, were kind enough to
paint some images on cave walls for us to find so many
millennia later. These images show simple stick. figures
smudged on the rock, and all around themare large dogs. Or,
potentially, wolves. Painted on the periphery of the stick
figures, in almost watchful positions were more dogs/wolves,
but these beasts stood on two legs. The theories of man posit
that these figures represent primordial gods or spirits, or
possibly just beasts harrying the tribes. Garou lore, of course,
holds that these nomads were more or less shepherded by
Garou, and so. these beast-headed men represent the
Wendigo, Uktena, and Croatan tribes.

Chapter One: The Long River of Stars 19

me EN


What if I told you; though, that I believe some of these
Garou were also Stargazers? And that these native Stargaz-
ers were alive up until at least the seventeenth and eigh-
teenth centuries? Listen closely, spirits. Do you hear their
whispers out there, somewhere? Do you know who they are?
Because I think I do.

I refer back -to-the- notes of one of our own. tribe
members, an Estonian Stargazer called Karel Kind-W ind.
Karel came over to the New World just prior to 1700,
helping a small group of ships navigate the ocean, as he was
"lucky" with his skills (though it's easy to assume he wasri't
lucky, -but merely one of our tribe well-learned in. star
navigation and communication with wind spirits). Karel
sailed to-what would eventually become the state of New
York,and in his many years would travel up and down the
coast, helping ships make it safely from Virginia-to the
French'settrlements in Canada. Along the way he was able
to speak to the spirits of this "new" place and track their
secrets. But their secrets sometime puzzled him; in particu-
lar, Karel was troubled by strange dreams and cryptic mes-
sages from spirits of the north wind. They told him over and
over again: "YOUR.BLOOD IS HERE AMONG THE
LOST." The dreams showed him images of shadowy figures
lit by the glyph of our tribe. These messages and whisperings
lead Karel, in his later years, to pursue this enigma, which he
did up into the deep, snowy heart of Canada.

It took him almost to the end of his life, but he found a
group of native tribe members. (Through no help from the
other aboriginal Garou, might I add.. The Wendigo almost
throated him, and the Uktena gave him merciless riddles to
solve that were about as useful as.a Gordian knot.) Their
numbers were small, no more than two dozen.-He said they
"barely looked like us," citing dusky skin and larger bodies.
But he did also mention the pinched epicanthic folds found
among Asians, and more importantly, found their ways to be
similar to our own. They were not warlike,-but more con-
templative.. Ascetic; essentially, and quite cruel to their own
bodies. They carved into their own flesh, meaning for it to
scar, and they hung themselves from great wooden hooks in
"purification rituals." But they were also very close to one
another, very familial. They had with them many kin,
apparently, and walked among them as beasts quite freely.
Karel called these people the "Yenisei," though I personally
eall them the "Na-Dene," based on the Sino-Tibetan lin-
guistic roots that Karek hints at in his journals.

Other things we know about the Na-Dene?

Their young went on long rites of passage, deep into the
Celestial Umbra, traveling into the far reaches between
stars and worlds.. Many never returned, and those who had
were considered full members of the tribe.

They favored a totem that was, as far-as Karel could
describe it, a phantom spirit combined of smoke and wind.
He was unable to communicate with it, but he did see it in
his drearns.

20 Sfargazers

OLE Ee LT EE TR ST A

The Na-Dene divided themselves into two sib-groups:
The Killer Whale, and the Crow. Karel doesn't.say much
more on the subject, but believes they used these designa-
tions as "teats" for sports, social gatherings, and rituals.

They, like the human tribes of the Tlingit or Eyak, held
long "potlatch" ceremonies. (These were great feastings,
rituals, and prayers that lasted many days.) Guests (like
Karel) were treated as royalty, and were given gifts at the end
of the cereniony. Karel himself was given a small doll made
of stones and branches.

Themen favored silence. No words; only hand-gesturés
or lip movements, but words held power, it seemed, and were
reserved for special times.

And that's where it ends. The Na-Dene disappear
with the end of Karel's first journal,.and so does Karel
Kind-W ind. It's as if they never existed at all. [ve delved
deep to find further history. lve spoken to some of the
oldest trees and longest-blowing winds I could find around
the approximate location of these errant tribe members.
I've also studied cave paintings, and what did I find?
Somehow, the Na-Dene were destroyed. Did they fall by
the same manner that wiped out most of their -native
neighbors? The white settlements encroached upon the
aboriginal population; leading to the virtual extinction of
many indigenous inhabitants. European Garou were apart
of this pogrom as well ~ could they have murdered the Na-
Dene? Or did creatures of the Wyrm surprise them some-
time in the night? I don't know. I can only say that the
founding of the New World was both a triumph of survival
and a tempest of blood-soaked aggression.

Briefly, Pll point back to one of Karel's notes, before
he ever met the Na-Dene / Yenisei. He had a dream, and
in-it,; a' serpent descended from -the stars like .a snake
lowering itself from a set of tree branches, and it told him
that he would meet the lost tribe members, and that
someday, they would "guide us all home." I don't know
what that meats. Our tribe has now officially gone home
(and rightly so), but we haven't heard from the Na-Dene
ancestors. It puzzles me: Perhaps Karel was having a fever
dream. We'll likely never know. .

The PUtdertug Parva

Manjushri's voice comes back to us riow as he calls again
upon his ancestors to tell more tales of our tribe and their actions.
Here we visit China in the late nineteenth century:

The separation of our tribe grew worse as modern times
churned forever forward.-As time went on, this rift grew
between our own members, and also concerning was the rift
that slowly separated us from the rest of the Garou Nation.
Consider 1839.

One of my aricestors at the time, Tse Hui, was busy
promoting peace and accordance between the peoples of
China. The rest of the world was moving past the Chi-
nese, accéletating beyond, and the Chinese people were
lost in the shuffle..But they remained steadfast to their


cause and began a. course of "Self-Strengthenirg," a
movement that swept the people up into a great flurry of
production and activity. It was at this time that Tse Hui
came to be called "The Vehicle of the Hearers," for he
would listen to the problems of his people (Garou, Kin,
WS and otherwise) and set them on the path to enlighten-
ment, hoping to break them free of the tapestry of suffer-
ing we are all forever bound to. In this process of strength-
ening, the Chinese government déclared that there would
be no more opium imported into the country, for it was
corrupting the populace and turning their minds away
from purity. The British were the primary importers of
this drug, and had much investment in the dealings of
opium. They resisted the decree, and continued toimport
it regardless of the wishes of the Chinese government.

The Chinese attempted to block the merchant vessels,
and at one point set up a blockade of junk ships to prevent
the British from entering the harbors. The Western ships
were successfully turned away, but months later, the British
returned. This time, with gunships.

The concept of "Self-Strengthening" was lost in the
ensuing war over opium. The people of China overesti-
mated their chances against the foreign power.. They were
match for the British weaponry,..having only old-world
artillery. and outmoded weapons~at their disposal. The
Chinese suffered terrible defeat, and the people were hu-
miliated, tortured, and even murdered in the streets. Tse
Wui walked among the Chinese, attempting to guide the
wounded to temples and other places of aid. He expected at
any moment to be attacked by Wyrm-tainted soldiers that
had come with the British boats. Tse Hui was attacked —
but not by the Wyrm. Instead, Silver Fang and Shadow Lord
representatives were'on the ships, representing foreign. in-
terests,-and they walked as men among the cramped av-
enues, shooting stragglers and knifing those who surren-
dered. Tse Hui barely escaped with his life.

My ancestor nursed his wounds, which healed over a
few days time.-But worse were the wounds that scored his
soul,.worse than any bullet or blade could have made. In
1842, China sighed a "treaty" at Nanking with the British.
The treaty gave no concessions to the people and granted
the British imperialists extraordinary trade and governmen-
tal power, doubly humiliating the Chinese commoners.

It only grew worse after unleashing that Western -em-
pire. Britain gave many foreign powers direct access to
China's resources, and soon every European country (and
even America) would have its roots growing in Chinese soil.
Farms were overtaken with little thought, the people put out
into the rain or enslaved and carried away across oceans. All
the while, Tse Hui watched and learned, and his heart grew
as dark and cold as iron. He grew older and his body became
weaker, but his mind and heart swelled with anger and fire:
He sent whispers through his network of kin, nudging key
figures this way and that way, until his words reached the
ears of the Empress Dowager herself. She knew that it was

— EL ——

time for the foreign devils to relinquish their grip, and s6 she
issued astatement of independence. This imperial message,
sent to all the Chinese provinces, ended with one crucial
sentiment: "Let us not think about making peace."

Tse Hui had been cultivating all along a secret group of
commoners... Most were mortals, put off and cast away,
though some were Garou or blood kin. ‘This group, the Fists
of Righteous Harmony, learned ancient fighting techniques
and scraps of old magic. For the first months of the year 1900,
the Fists attacked any and all foreign powers..Missionaries,
merchants, soldiers =— none could withstand the power of
the Fists. Tse Hui had discarded the path of peace and had
clothed himself in the raiments of war, and what a war it was.
The foreigners began losing their grip; and were hedged in
and surrounded in all the cities where they held court. The
Fists almost won; but suddenly, at the last mornent, rein-
forcements arrived from. many different countries.. Once
again, the Silver Fangs and their Shadow Lord lackeys were
present, and once again, China was humiliated: The capital
city was looted and the Forbidden City was set aflame. And
Tse Hui was captured and executed by the Shadow Lords as
a "traitor" to the Garou Nation.

This was a dark time for China; and a dark time for us.
Many of our kind hail frorn China, and even those of us like
myself who come from different lands, our souls still feel the
suffering put upon our ancestors. We feel the conflict inside.
The foreigners came with much power and the Weéaver's
technology. The Wyrm.was not the prevailing entity, and
still it resulted in great anguish. THe Garou who came and
fought were not touched by the Corrupter, but acting only
in the selfish interests of the West. It set us apart once and
for all. It set the stage for things to come.

She Coratpng SOPPOW

Some of our tribe feel that the End Times are not truly tuipon
us, thatitis little more thanidle paranoia.that happens at the turn
of every century and millennium. Others are sure that the Sixth
Age is here, or will be soon:.A few ever believe that our work
grows futile and we are, as they say, doing little more than re-
arranging the deck chairs on the ‘Titanic..One of our tribe, a
m-ythsinger Galliard of Indonesia, believes that the Age of Sorrow
has been building for along time..She is Eyes-of-Star-Silver, and
she will tell us now of her evidence:

Tam your dah ahiee, your aunt; your sister; and Lallow my
voice to be carried to. you spirits because the record must
show. Long have we had proof that the End Times were
coming. Many things have happened to push the Wheel
closer to the néxt age; the Sixth Age, the Age of Sorrow.
Now it has happened. Why did we do nothing?

Look to the death of many decades ago. One of my
ancestors was a Stargazer who tried to free her Kinfolk from
the terrible atrocities of the Japanese at Nanking. Hundreds
of thousands of her friends and family, tortured ‘and mur-
dered. Tens of thousands of women, raped..I still feel that
pain. Halfway across the world, millions died in separate

22 Sfargazers

LE Es ET AT EL IT

Holocausts, many in Russia, many in-Europé. The counter-
balance of pain and suffering then fell the other way,.and
two terrible bombs were dropped, one on Hiroshima, the
second on Nagasaki. Madame White, the terrible totem
spirit of such atrocity was born out of the atomized flesh and
hoary light. Later she would go on to grip many nations,
even our own homeland of India in 1974 as the tests began
in Pokhran. Even recently she took many lives, including
those Stargazers at the Pusur River Sept in Bangladesh asa
terrible weapon and ensuing storm ripped that land asunder.

In 1962, our two homeland nations fought during the
Indo-China War. Over borders. Over land. Over dicing up
the sickly skin of the Emerald Mother into segmented, well-
ordered slices.

For years the Chinesé Communists have come to our
sacred places and gutted the land, taken the people, and used
it for their own industrial ends. Ask the people of Tibet.
Speak to the snow leopards of Shigalu..See where their
spirits lie.

In-India; the higher castes abuse the lower. They drive
past in buses and cars, live in houses with indoor plumbing.
The lower castes and the casteless are-ignored, discarded,
left in pits or boxes or alleys to live: Shitting in holes.
Sleeping in filth.

In 1946, thousands of Japanese were interned in work
camps in-America. Today, hundreds of Arabic men and
women are interned secretly there.. America also came to
Viet Nam and Korea to kill babies and poison the trees and
the land.

AIL of this is the handiwork of the Spider. The Weaver
wotks her webs behind all of it,-ever tightening her stran-
gling strands. She must be destroyed before we all turn blue
and we die. The Wyrm is but a pawn caught:in her snare.
This century has been the Century of Want. The Century
of Taking.-The Spider has turned the sparks of mankind's
neeéds and turned them into aconflagration of desire, and she
has given man the tools to steal, take, and rape.. This is a bad
century, and will be an even worse one coming.

Those who have been blindsided by the Age of Sorrows
have been blind all along. The Apocalypse has been long
coming, and we have let this beast inside the house.

Skigiafle and fhe Sp Lectara

A térrible thing, a terrible thing: When Shigalu fell, itwas
like someone had taken one of our own limbs and shattered the
bone within. It was a great loss,arnd remains as a poison in the
spirit of every Stargazer .1f Shigalu could fall, itis reasoned,
then nothing was safe. So any of us could fail into death or
corruption, and this has been proven too many times in. these
grave times leading up to the last days. One .of the few
survivors of the massacre there will speak now. Fe is not one
of us; he is a friend from the Silent Striders, but that does not
diminish what he will tell you. He is also American. Hear now
the tale of the fall of Shigaluas spoken by Benjamin Hobb; also
called Shu-Ra Wolfchaser:


han

If the spirits aren't yet convinced that the end of the
world is upon us, you only need to look at what happened on
June 2nd, 1998, for your proof. I personally shouldn't have
been there. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time, and
had I not seen it with my own eyes, I would've had trouble
believing the Wyrm was even capable of doing what it had
done that day.

Iwas in Tibet looking for evidence (living or otherwise)
of an ancient, somewhat legendary breed of wolf, Canis
Niger, the Tibetan Black Wolf. Some call me "Wolfchaser,"
because that's what I do. I try to find our wolf kin. I'm
human-born, myself, but I fear that the wolf-born are
dropping off the Wheel, and won't ever come back. The
Tibetan Black Wolfs continued existence is supposed to be
something near to a myth, almost as unlikely as Bigfoot but
some jagglings suggested that they do still walk the land.
Could they have our blood buried deep within their veins?
Could it be reawakened through breeding or other magic? I
had to know.

Unfortunately, I was a dumb-ass. I had all the regula-
tion climbing gear, and I wagered that whatever I didn't
have could be rectified by doing a little shapeshifting here
and there —~ you know, claws on rocks, or a big hairy back
to absorb a long fall? I was human when I was climbing,
moving out of one of the many deep, wide passes that cut
through the Himalayas. It was cold as shit, I was hungry, and
for three days I hadn't even seen a regular Tibetan wolf,
much less some fabled black wolf. I was out of my element.
I figured I'd spend another day and get the hell out of Dodge.

I didn't study my history. I also didn't think to contact
the sept there (actually, to be honest, I didn't even know
there was a sept there). If I had, I might've known that the
Chinese army controlled the area in an enforced almost-
dictatorship. I also might've known that half the troops were
Wyrm-blooded and they had a history of rearing up in
sudden violence against the locals. Some say ignorance is
bliss, but it didn't feel that way to me.

Because I didn't know any of this stuff, I was pretty
damn surprised when I was climbing up the walls of the pass,
dangling from a ledge alongside icicles as big as my arm, and
a piecemeal helicopter came roaring past. I didn't think too
much of it. Hell, I was just a guy, a human-looking guy to boot.
The chopper came around for a second pass. There was the
loud sound of machine gun fire, and bullets stitched up from
my hip, across my back, up to my shoulders. And then I fell.

Only thing I remember after that is waking up at the
monastery. I thought I had gone to some whacko Umbra
when I woke up, on a stone floor, surrounded by burning
braziers, with some big Viking-looking American standing
over me, smiling. I thought I had really been knocked for a
loop when he combed his fingers through his huge red beard
and said he was a Stargazer by the name of John Campbell.
Way he told it, he was out meditating with one of the
warders, when he heard the gunfire in the distance. He
thought to check it out, found me unconscious at the

Seer sn. ce mers en renner PE Ss ee

bottom of the Lalung Leh valley. (Note to self: When you're
knocked stone-cold, sometimes it's a little hard to grab hold
of that "healing factor" business.)

That was May 31st.

I spent the next two days... I don't know, just being
there. It was like something out of a dream. It didn't seem
cold; I mean, I know it was, but I could barely feel it.
Everywhere I looked, there was something else to take in.
Lean, tough-like-rope Crinos Garou in orange robes, doing
kata postures, or eating rice out of wooden bowls while
sitting in snow and ice. They all seemed slow and purposeful,
as if existing somewhere just outside the edge of Time, where
it didn't really matter. It wasn't my style, but I appreciated
the outlook and, frankly, the time off.

The monastery itself was beautiful. It was tall and
simple, and inside the building a spiral staircase went up and
up, each time passing these intricate, intense friezes and
paintings and carvings. All depicting the Garou, or the
Wheel of Life (which looked enough like the Wheel of Ptah
to keep my spirit soaring despite my failure on the moun-
tain). Outside, down in a small valley, a tiny grove of trees
poked through the snow, and it all looked perfectly sculpted.
Some ceramic or stone mosaic sat in the center of these
trees, and it complicated the eye just looking at it. I can't tell
you how strong, or wise, | felt just being there.

John, the big sonofabitch, took me around to meet
everyone. It was asmallsept, but he said they always had new
visitors. Some expected, and (he nudged me in the ribs on
this one) some unexpected. He didn't know how right he
was. It happened at dawn on the 2nd day of June. I was
outside, trying to meditate and "sweep my thoughts away,"
but I wasn't doing a very good job. Again, if 'd known my
history, maybe I'd have been more prepared. (Then again,
maybe not.)

Tibet, Inow know, has long been under the thumb of
China. Occupation troops have been living there for some
forty or fifty years. With the troops came the Wyrm. And
that day, the Wyrm came marching up the pass, clothed in
the skins and bones of Chinese soldiers. There were a great
many of them; too mary to stop, becaise each one had been
hollowed out and filled with living taint.

Two helicopters came first. They swept low across the
valley, only a dozen feet above the mosaic garden, and a
hand fell on my shoulder. It was John. I didn't even realize
he was behind me, and he just sighed deeply. He said to me,
and I'll never forget this: "I hope you're ready to fight for
something that isn't yours, Ben. Because I smell something on
the wind."

That was seconds before the gas canisters lobbed up
into the meditation plaza and began hissing nerve gas.
Gunfire erupted from the helicopters, and a thick column of
fomor soldiers began rushing up the pass. They had rifles and
pistols locked and loaded with silver. And when their
ammunition ran out, they still had forearms carved of black

CAapter One: The Lo ng River of Stars 23

— ED ET ET


bone, teeth ‘dripping black ichor, and tails slashing like
whip-cord razors.

As the sun rose past the mountains, with a sky that was
perfectly clear and perfect for peace and calm, almost
everyone at Shigalu died: They fought long and hard. And
so did I. The two sisters, the warders, fought together like a
single animal,.using each other as weapons, and it was asight
to'see. But it wasn't enough. One had her throat slit wide by
a soldier's barbed tongue. The other sister mourned, and as
she did so,-a sniper froma nearby ridge but a silver bullet
through her head. While I watched in horror, Il took several
shots of silver to my own gut. John was behind me, pulling
me away just before more bullets cut through the air where
my head had been. He said there were only a few left, and
they were taking me away to the Umbra. They were leaving.

lo asked John if he was coming, arid he said that he
couldn't.. Said that he once had great shame, and thar
Shigalu cured him of it, and he owed the place his life. He
handed me off to Tara, the Keeper of the Land (and the
tender of the mosaic garden), and we fled with six or seven
others. In the Umbra,.the nightmare wasn't over. Banes
everywhere, and worse, anexus crawler screaming, its body
rippling and changing as the land beneath it turned black
with stain. It came for us and I knéw we were dead.

But then a great howl arose, and an awful wind picked
up that didn't seem to touch a single one of us; but the banes
and the crawler were affected by the strong gale, and were

pushed out of the way by this Umbral current. It gave us
enough of a window. We managed to escape.

Everyone was hurt. Tara herself couldn't stop coughing |
blood, and on the way out, one of the other Stargazers, a
lupus called "Softly-Swells-the-Moon" died as her lungs
expired in a gush of blood on her lips. We rested much later,
and Tara sat with another, Wu Ying, and they talked about
revenge. They spoke many things,-and they cursed the
Weaver, and they cursed the path of inaction, and they said
that the Wyrm would spill much blood.

Even now, years later, [hear Tara's out there, recruiting
for a vengeful assault back on the stolen caern. From what
Ive been told, the Wyrm has raped the place of resources
and filled its own belly with the spirit energy that comes
from the caern's heart. But Tara believes it can be saved.
And in the meantime, she destroys -anything that -she
associates with the Weaver, believing it to be the true
enemy of Gaia.

Maybe she's right. But what I saw that day didn't havé
the static hands of the Weaver on it; it had the fingerprints
of the Corrupter. Bur that doesn't matter, now. What does
matter is this: I'm alive, and as long as lam, if any — and I
mean-any — Stargazer needs help from Benjamin: Hobb,
they have it: Somehow, though; I don't think my help will
be enough. I fear for that tribe. | don't think they're going to
be around much longer.


SD Fie et Sar

lam goirig to once again call upon my own voice to tell you
of something quite troubling. I hope you'll entertain my voice for
a brief time:

It is spoken that, the'night Shigalu fell, the wind spirits
howled in the Umbra ‘and our ancestors wept tears of blood
into our hearts. It's also something of a legend that this isthe
same night that the red star appeared in the sky.

Some could seeit, others could not. Some were able'to
always see it, but only in the Umbra, where othets were able
to squint and view it from outside the Mirror Lands. Orhers
saw it in neither, but always in dreams:

It appeared, an unknown perforation in the night sky.
There isasmall story about a figure in our history called Tian
Gou Ming, a Stargazer from the earliest dawn who mistak-
enly transcended to the next plane instead of staying behind
to shepherd those who are lost. Im his transition from here
to the Heavens, he became bodiless,-a shining figure in the
sky called the Heavenly Wolf Star by his sept. In the black
beyond above the heads of all, Tian Gou Xing supposedly
held fast to the network of stars and helped guide travelers
through the cosmic byways. This transition was not so easy,
the legend goes, and those unlucky enough to be among the
Heavens when Tian Gou Xing fell into -his occasional
restless rages did not usually return from their journey. The
story says that, when angered, Tian Gou Xing turns aterrible
red, and consumes all who are near. It is during this time that
the moon. or sun will go into eclipse, for it is the Heavenly
Wolf Star instigating such darkness.

Is the red star Tian Gou Xing? Has he become'so angry
that he cannot become calm? Is this an indication of where
our tribe is going? Others say that this red star is the Wyrm,
or perhaps the Wyrm's eye staring through. to us. Or that
pethaps it is a doorway into the Wyrm's own heart, or that
it is a great star falling toward our world, ready to extinguish
Gaia in one terrible motion:

Imyself cannot know. None of us can: 1 have heard of
those who have gone to the Heavens, but I have heard no
other word. Whar 1 do know is that, in the last several
months, I have dreamed of the red star every night.I see it
coming toward me. I see it watching me. I hear the howls of
the Heavenly Wolf Star, and come morning |] write secret
prayers on karngshin paper to try to appease Tian Gou Xing
and help him find his center. But it is mo use.. The dreams
worsen, and my sleep lessens. .It is a bad omen:

FOALIALIORL

As the spirits are surely aware, our tribe is no longer a part
of the Sunset People... The Garou Nation is still anally , of course;
but no longer provides us with roof or food. We officially belong
to the Beast Courts, though there are still those who reject this
proclamation just as others have rejected the Garou themselves.
One of the Changing Blood, .a wereraven called Hairukoo the
Feather=Robed, has an account to share with you now regarding
the wary in which we carne to be leave the West and return home:

Se

Shigalu fell, the Snow Leopard bled from its heart, and
what did the Western Garou do? They sighed; shrugged
their shoulders, and blinked like dumb -puppies.. They
mumbled "sorry" and "my condolences" to the wrong parties
and then promptly went back to their infighting and in-
breeding. lam young still, but even I have long-known many
of the Strargazers, and they donot belong with these animals.
They belong with us: Hence why they were invited to be
with us, tojoin in our sentai, tosit with us at our many Courts
and preside over issues like rational,.calm-hearted beings.
We eat off of plates, thank you very much. We don't dip our
muzzles in mud-running gutters-to sniff for food like our
Western cousins.

I was there when the invitation was extended, you'seé. We
were to meet on the other side of the Altai Mountains, in a small
village ofkin set in the centeroflongstretches of grazing land. This
village, Tonghai, is why the documented record declaring the
Stargazers a part of our Courts is called "The Heavenly Accord of
Tonghai," you see? There were seven of our kind meeting with
seven of the poor, bedraggled tribe. Each with an accompaniment
of helpers and lesser members (which is where I fit in). We sat
together with tea and bread to discuss this situation. As it is with
the Stargazers, nothing could be moved forward without intermi-
nable hours of painful discussion and debate: It is good that no one
asks them for quick decisions, yes? The talks wenton for the better
portion of a week. At the end of it, six of the seven Garou agreed,
and said Yes; we will join your wonderful way of living. The seventh,
a Siberian Stargazer called-Ulu Toyo'n, declined to be a part of
what we wete offering, and went back home. I hear he leads the
charge to return the tribe to the Sunset Peoples, which is a grave
and extremely reckless mistake.

But that fool was in-the minority, and so the Stargazers
accepted our charitable invitation. Their spirit messengers
were sent beneath the glorious eye of the sun to the remaining
members of the tribe to tell them that their new path had
become illuminated by our good graces. As I hear it, the flight
from the Western wolves was terribly quick and quiet. They
simply vanished. They had few ties to packs orsepts, and where
once they were, suddenly they were not. Like a departing
fog... one minute, it is there, and the next? There'is no fog.

And so we brought them to our many courts. The Court
of the Walled Lake alone has many Stargazer brothers and
sisters, who help all of us adjudicate over many pressing
issues. COf course, they are not allowed yet to lead the
discussions or make autonomous decisions; they have not
had their mettle tested properly. This will take time.) Over
the years, they will become a part of the seamless whole. It
will be a time of great balance, perseverance, and temper-
ance. There are*those who point to us and our Stargazer
friends, and they say, "You have decided to sit out on the
Apocalypse!" No; no. The End Times, I can assure you, will
not be quick. It will be like aslow beast, dying. We must take
time to think best:on how to reverse this effect.-Acting
quickly and rashly will only sink us further in the mire. The
Stargazers have always known this; which is why they are
now considered equal (or almost,-at least) with us.

Chapter One: The Long River of Stars 25

—— ES NT


A tovdecortng

For further words ori the subject of the Stargazers' flight from
the Western Nation of the Garou, you may consult withJata, the
Hawk of Heaven; a Stargaver Philodox:

You can hear it, if you listen. The clock has struck the
Sixth Age. They say it's the Time of Sorrow, and that makes
perfect sense to me, for lhave a monstrous swelling of sorrow
in my heart.

When we left the West,-it was truly a great egress: It
didn't matter where we were. We simply picked up under the
darkness of the new moon, and slipped away like a slice of
paper on.the wind. It also didn't matter what we were
involved with. Part of a pack? Not any longer. Protecting an
ancient spirit tree, guarding it from the poison that seeks its
roots? The tree is now alone. It was as if everything in the
West was an illusion; was anathema to°our very purpose.
Why stay? Who were we fooling? Nobody wanted us, no-
body needed us."And like a child sulking, we took our toys
and crept home.

Il was a caern warder. I belonged to the Sept of the
Mornirig Sky, at the Caern of the Bleeding Stream deep inthe
Appalachians in North Carolina, in the U.S. 1 came to be
there because it was acaern of great vision. If one were brave
enough, one could rackle the prophecies that came by bath-
ing in the waters just downstream from the caern's center, and
I did that as often as my head could stand it. I saw glorious
things, and I saw terrible things. In glory, | saw triumph in the
dark heart of Africa, where an awful black-toothed beast was
destroyed. In terror, I watched as Gaia lost her footing and
became unable to stand on the great tortoises that support her,
and from it I felt fire from the sky and ice from the oceans, and
I could smell the Wyrm's breath: In confusion, I watched as
a hundred shadows, looking to the stars, eased silently away.
It was a good caern. It was a strong place.

Lleft, regardless: The decision was made, and itseemed the
right thing to do. When Shigalu fell, 1 was heartbroken, but did
anyone console me? No, I suppose they didn't. And they didn't
understand, anyhow. At least, that's what I thought. So when
it came time to leave, I was more thar: willing.

Three weeks later, the caernm was attacked. Much like
Shigalu was, but instead of soldiers the enemy wore corpo-
rate uniforms and orange jumpsuits. And the attack brought
Black Spirals, as well. Death came not swiftly enough for my
once septmates. Spirits like yourselves whisper that at least
three of them were not killed outright, but taken away to be
tortured and indoctrinated in the ways of the Wyrm.

I didn't think of it then: I couldn't: But there were
breaks, cracks, fractures; and over time the dreams began.
Not dreams of prophecy, but dreams of imagining. Imagin-
ing what it was like when the monsters scraped their claws
against the pregnant belly of Glitrerchain, the Bone Gnawer
who was a warder with me. In my mind's eye I saw them take
the Crown of Laurel off of our leader,-an old Silver Fang

_ealled Lord Yorick. I saw the cubs slaughtered..In my head,

the stream ran with real blood, friends' blood, my blood.

26 Sfargazers

Would it have stopped if I had been there? Could it
have been averted? Were my claws and teeth the one thing
missing from saving them all? l can't say. don't know. But
what I do know is that we have made a terrible error. 1
recognize that 'm-in the minority here, but we left our
duty. We packed our bags and fled our posts, leaving the
company of those we were meant to be with: And why?
Because we felt the other Garou weren't sympathetic enough?
Because they didn't have the proper gleam in their eye
when Shigalu was spoken of? We're fools. Our kind is bred
against such sympathies. We're Luna's children, and have
been made to endure a million grievances since we were
given to Gaia, and over time our hearts have hardened and
petrified. Did we expect pity? And why were we angry
when we didn't get it?

And so, we left. But Pm going back. If only fort a short
time, if only ro honor those who fell. [know I wouldn't have
saved them, but I should've been there to die with them. I
have escaped my duty, and as such, I have escaped Gaia's
notice. I fear 1 am ‘worthless, now.

I offer, for amornent, a small interjection and another voice
on the subject that disagrees with what Jata has said. Here, now, .
is the whisper of Fu Xi the Ghostwight:

I've always beén-in the Middle Kingdom. Somewhere,
doing something. ve been'a part of many a sentai, raiding
bakemono interests, brokering secret deals with the cruel
Kuei-Jin; traveling from court to court with spirits trapped
in tear bottles. Lmyselfam like a spirit, my skin chalky-white
and always flaking. If you lock hard enough, you can see the
dark arterial rivers running below my papery flesh, even
when I change, for I also was blessed with the wonderful
benefit of being born with not a single sprout of fur or hair
across my entire body. Excellent, yes? .

Here; no one cares. In fact, 1 am given some reverence
due to the way Il look. My teachings of the spirits, my private
audience with the beings of the stars, can go unhindered.
And when the time comes, people will listen to the prayers
I speak.. Here, Iam equal to all. We are in balance.

Two years ago, however, | was in Hong Kong, confer-
ring with-a jury of spirits (plastic; glass, and circuitry) in an
attempt to stop prejudicial treatment of other,. dissident
spirits in the area (spirits of flower, tree, and sky). But
apparently, 1 stepped on some toes. The modern spirits had
already sworn allegiance to a local pack of Shadow Lords.
Shadow Lords that were not Hakken, were not local. White
men, gwailo, gaijin, ghosts more ghostly than I. And those
spirits with their loose tongues, they went ahead and tattled
on me.-It wasn't long before the Shadow Lords came fora
"chat," as they so delicately put it:

I was never a fighter. There is always a- better way, a
diverted path that can take you away from such foolish,
slipshod warring. That's not tosay [can't fight! Or thati don't
have tricks of my own. But those tricks weren't enough. The
Garou came, babbling in English, and they put me in my
place. They didn't kill me; they simply left me with enough


R

cuts from -claw and sérapes from fang and threw me ina
dumpster. Calling me the ghost. Calling me a gwailo. Idiots.

Isurvived. The cuts healed, except for one-A pink scar
below my eye. For months 1 had to reestablish relationships
with old spirits, as they didn't "believe" | was who I was, that
the scar indicated 1 was perhaps some poorly cobbled-
together clone meant to shatter their confidences.

Yes, we left: Was it amistake? Nota chance. Most of us
were already over here, anyway..The Western: Nation-of
Garou are alot of mouth-breathers and inbred Shih-tzus. Let
the spirits know that we are happy with our decision, that
we've done the proper thing. We've- put ourselves on the
proper side of balance again. The one side of the scale, the
Eastern scale; did not have enough weight in its pan, soit
came down to us to even the odds. Besides, if the furure holds
to the visions, the Garou will began to fall one by one. [have
heard messages from other -spirit-speaking brothers, and
they murmur in soft tones, One tribe shall fall... willit be ours?
Or has our choice allowed us to remain?

Finally ,-a@ third viewpoint: Meru High-Mountain, a great
rviremaster of the Indian Stargazers, tells us of another option for
our dissonant ranks of scattered Garou:

This talk of our glorious "return" or our cowardly
"retreat" strikes me as little more than. meaningless noise.
There are those of us who -never belonged to either the
Garou Nation of the West or of the Beast Courts of the East.
We are the Stargazers of India; and we owe allegiance to
none. We are casteless, universal, and unfettered.

SS seen ees an eres en PE SE ee

The Indo-China War,some forty years ago, drove many
of our tribe out of India-and China alike. They couldn't
handle the concept that, ina matter of speaking, their two
"parents" were fighting, over little more than-petty border
disputes. Many among us couldn't take it, and thus they fled
tothe West. At the time, America and Europe were lands of
safety; and many bréd there whichis why you see many
Stargazers of white and black skin.

Now it is time to return home: A terrible thing hap-
pened a few years back,.in 1999. Bangladesh, India, and
Pakistan alike felt the reverberations of a nightmare that
swept both the physical world and the Mirror Lands alike.
Help is needed to curtail the swelling of the Wyrm's evil that
breeds here, free as it has never been before: Many of our
kind fall to the Great Corrupter, turning away from Gaia
and bowing down as dogs to their new master... The balance
hasn't just tipped, it-has been shatteréd.

This "homecoming" -is a new opportunity. I] ask you
spirits to call all of our brothers and sisters and ask them to
deny the shackles of both sides of the world, for we are all one,
and need no councilto guide us. Only Gaia's words alone shall
heal us and drive us ever forward. Weare here; we are waiting,
and our numbers in' this land grow close to their original
numbers, and soon they shall surpass: Let the Garou Nation
squabble in politics and let the Beast Courts contend with
their lofty rituals... We will be here. Sacrificing ourselves and
our souls for the greater good. Homecoming, indeed.

Chapter One: The Long River of Stars 27

—— EE  ——_«— SS ST

{


Know your enemy and know yourself and you can
fight a hundred battles without disaster.
= Sun Tzu, The Art of War

The Fette, Tooley

Spirits, I presume you appreciate honesty as muchas
I. As a tribe, we are facing terrifying obstacles ..What will
happen tous? Am I providing you with this record so it may
be finally written into the stars so that we may die peace-
fully? Or am I heping to convince you of something as yet
unseen? Our tribe is in great pain. We are not in balance.
Many of our tribe will not tell you this» They will wear a
peaceful face and tell you something that isn't directly a lié,
but doesn't necessarily taste of truth, either: And so, when
telling you the nature of the Stargazervs in this modern day;
how we aré, what we do, and where we are heading, I have
achoéice: Dol cover it up with half-truths and placid stares?
Or dol find a voice that delves deep, reaches high into the
dark stretch of stars and pulls out the truth no matter how
painful it may be? I promise truth at every turn. And so
again I-go to Peter Cleartongue:

One of the jewels in our crown was crushed todust.
Shigalu? Gone. The Snow Leopard caern? Gone..In
that monastery were records. Our records. Long scrolls,
carvings on the walls, stories written on vellum parch-
ment tucked in some semblancé of books. They're all
gone, too. Whatever name you want for the beast —

the Wyrm; Kung-Kung, Darkness, Centipede; Raksha
—_ came and took everything away from us. But we're
Stargazers, right? We're not judged by our possessions.
What we possess in this material plane is transitive,
fleeting, meaningless: We lost Shigalu? We'll have jit
again,eitherin this Age or the next. And so, asatribe,
this isour clarion call, the time that we have placed our
differences aside and have-become a single, conjugal
whole. We've crawled out -of every knothole and
dropped from every cloud bank to return home,.to the
East, all in one single, unified front.

Sadly, that's all bullshit. You'd think it would be,
wouldn't you? Many will tell you that itis true, that we
have finally come together, that we stand with one
another in all things: But that isn't the real deal. The
real deal is this: Shigalu and the subsequent homecom-
ing have polarized us..There were essentially three
divisions before —~ the dutiful Garou, the Weaver-
haters, and those who favor the path of atranquil soul.
Now, to add more cooks to the kitchen, two more
separations have occurred. There are those who have
gone home, who have seceded silently from the Garou

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 29

— RU EE ——————— EO

3

Nation and now belong solely to the Beast Courts
scattered across Asia. Then there are those who feel
that they are Garou, and Garou alone, and will not be
pried from their position in the West. If I had to pick,
I'd say the majority have gone home. It seems a far
smaller number counting those that have stayed be-
hind; but I don't want to give the impression they don't
exist. I've been around in these last years, and I've seen
many that remain at caerns, still belong to packs, or
even travel as solitary beings wherever they please
regardless of "affiliation." They're out there. And they
will not be moved.

Now, to throw more meat on the cookfire, let's
examine the fact that our numbers are incredibly low.
There were a great many of us at Shigalu that died, but
even before that, our ranks were dwindling to a hand-
ful of rice grains. Nobody knows exactly how many of
us there are left (though if we had proper organization
and didn't always try to be so blithely fucking ignorant,
perhaps we'd know). 've heard that we don't tally up
to more than a couple hundred, but I have to hope in
my heart of hearts that there are more of us out there.

And there's your secret, right there. We're a good,
smart tribe. Many have fallen to Harano, it's true. Hard
not to be sad in atime like this, I'm the first to admit.
But the secret is, we're also a hopeful tribe. Our under-
standing of this place (and our place in it) runs far
deeper than any other. We know the way the Wheel
turns. We know that the Sixth Age has eased open its
eyes and begin to cry great tears of sorrow for what is to
come. But we also know that things that die are
inevitably reborn and, simply put, what goes around...
comes around. We have much hope, every one of us.
To paraphrase Oscar Wilde, we're in the gutter looking
up at the stars, baby.

Naw ibe

Most of our tribe are born in the East. Have been
before, and will be doubly so now that our breeding
pool has been mostly localized. Those born and taught
there will now face a different challenge than they had
before. Once upon a time, the challenge involved
existing in a society of Garou that either despised you,
didn't understand you, ignored you, or some combina-
tion of the three. Other Stargazers were present, of
course, and would keep you away from the other Garou
as long as possible so as to immerse you in the proper
ways of our existence. Your Rage would be tempered,
you'd be given an understanding of our role in all this
mess. But eventually you'd be out there. Among them.
Among the other werewolves. And it was rarely easy.

Now, there'sa different challenge. One that would
seem easier at first glance, but sometimes calm waters

30 Sfarg azers

in mma

hide turbulent currents, know what I mean? The
Garou Nation is no longer a gauntlet that needs to be
passed for our Eastern brethren. No, now the gauntlet
is that of the Beast Courts, and I promise you that it is
a whole other ballgame. From day one, a Stargazer cub
is immersed in the ways of the Beast Courts. They are
not allowed to be taken aside until later; the court
system demands that they begin their training in the
proper manners of the court right out of the gate. That
means knowing every line of the codes of behavior,
called the Mandates. It also means understanding the
system of renown —— and the Way of Emerald Virtue
varies big time from the system of reputation granted
by the Garou Nation. In fact, consider the problem
that a Stargazer's status, no matter how old and wise
and powerful that Stargazer is, doesn't translate into the
Way of Emerald Virtue. They start over. Tabula rasa,
spirits. Can you imagine a elder Stargazer being taught
how to hold his tea-cup by some impudent Kitsune? No
need to imagine, because it's for real.

Everything is different. Many Stargazer mentors
don't know how to properly instruct their cubs, as they
themselves have just recently been instructed in these
new ways. How should one address a Kitsune Regent?
Why is it proper for some to make utilitarian alle-
giances with some of the Wyrm-stinking Kuei-Jin, but
not others? What does that tell you? Ittells you that we
thought we had our own home waiting for us. But the
reality is, we're simply sleeping in someone else's.

Seo cubs in the East must endure the new rigors,
rigors that the elders of our tribe don't even understand
yet. The young ones will be fine. They will enter into
it properly, from the beginning, and in a decade they'll
be different creatures than we ever were. But what of
the cubs that remain — or are born in — the West?

Basically, it's business as usual for them. They're
not taught the ways of the Beast Courts because they're
not in the Beast Courts. They're still living in the
brutal Garou Nation, and'so they are raised as such.
Though, in truth, many aren't really brought into the
Garou world much. In the West, the tradition of
mentoring a cub has become something of a solitary
lifestyle. A single Stargazer will take a student, and the
two will remain a unit until the elder dies or the
younger is old enough to take on their own apprentice.
They stay out of Garou business until it's absolutely
necessary, and operate according to their own tenets.
No eyes watch them. No one holds them to rules.

Some cubs, of course, are trained in a sept —
sometimes by a Stargazer, and if one isn't available,
then by whatever Garou is best-suited for the position.
These Stargazers end up as dutiful Garou, and look less
like the Stargazers of the East and more like Garou of


ee

the Nation: They still follow our paths, they still
attempt to.curtail the anger that bubbles within, but
ultimately they do as other Garou do: They fight the
Wyrm... They protect the -caerns.: They eat, sleep,
breathe, and breed..Such it is with any one group.
You'd like to think you can.-pin them downto one
stereotype; but that's impossible: Judging us isa case of
letting more snakes out of the bag than you can kill-A
brave effort, but futile.

LU ger is SIAPGAELIS

Itséems a common misconception that Stargazers
cannot be truly of the West.They must be Asian in
some way, shape, or form, right? Somewhere there has
to be ahint of slanted eyes or jaundiced skin, yeah? No.
When I tell other Garou that 'ma Stargazer, they like
to point to my red hair and beard. My freckles. They
call me Fianna. Or Get. Or Gaian or Gnawer or Glass
Walker. They'd rather me be a Black Fury than accept
me as a Stargazer..But it's true: We exist. We're not
altogether too common, no. But we're out there, every
race, creed, and color. You think every Stargazer down
the line. has controlled their urges to the point-of
breéding only with. Asians? Please.

Whether we're Stargazers without Asian blood or
Asian-blooded Stargazers who were born and raised in
the West, we represent a unique subset of the tribe that

faces, appropriately, a unique dilemma. If we remain in

the West, then the majority of our tribe labels us
dissenters, traitors, Weaver-lovers, Garou-slaves, what-
ever. "But the West is our home!" we-cry. And we're
mocked. Or ignored. Or left behind and considered to
be less than half-blooded stepchildren. So; with that in
mind, many of us Western Garou have fled America,
Canada, Europe or wherever, and "gone home," as the
term tends to be. There our kind faces another prob-
lem. We are greeted with smiling faces, open arms, and
a-warm bottle of sake; but there lies a hidden river of
prejudice that runs against us. Not a single one of our
kind has-been given .a position. not even -a. low
courtier role-—— in the courts over there. Inasentai war
party, we're given dismissive roles. "Stay behind and
guard that," or worse, "charge in while westay behind."
If we're given housing, it's at the outskirts of the land.
When invited toa tea ceremony, our tea is poured dead
last every time. It even reflects in you spirits over there.
They frown, cluck their ethereal lips,and wonder why
some gwailo with an American accent is cajoling them
for aid.

So, you see the dilemma. In the West, we're at
home. But our own tribe looks poorly uporius, and that
hurts having your own family look down at you like you
just deflowered your cousin. In. the East, we're "at
home" despite the fact it doesn't feel like home,-and

RS


our own. tribe cares for"us but every other Changing
Blood of the Beast Courts (sans the Hakken; they've
actually been. pretty helpful) looks at us like we're
newborn metis.. This here isa clear-cut case of "damned
if you do, damned if you don't."

Those of us who stay in the West, what do we do?
As-l said,-many continue on'"as they have always
continued. One Stargazer teaches another,-and they
do the best they can as a pair in thwarting the Wyrm
and guiding others tosome level of peace and enlight-
enment. But that tradition is waning. The Stargazers
who have stayed in the West are a little more hard-
line, and seem to have a greater grasp of their sense of
responsibility..One trend Pve noticed (and a trend I
myself follow) is that we are collecting in full-blown
Stargazer packs, these days. Once, we eithér took one
of two courses. We accepted our place in the mentor/
student dichotomy, or we entered into a pack of non-
Stargazer Garou in an effort to do the duty of Gaia
despite the disdain we often received. But now, to see
that there are whole packs of Stargazers-~runriing
about... it's a hopeful thing. It speaks of the ancient
ways, when we used to be a powerful force traveling
together, operating as asingle unit much as the sentai
do in the East. ve even heard rumors that the Jade
Sentai is being reborn. If that's true, then I have big
hope,-indeed.

Caer STAPGALEPL

Our greatest mumbers lie in Asia, or scattered
throughout... Many lie on the outskirts of Beast Court
influence (India, Pakistan), but most live squarely in
the major domains of Asia—— China and Japan, specifi-
cally. Once again, it's near impossible to sum up the
Stargazers of the Middle Kingdom in .a singular state-
ment. Saying "the Eastern Stargazers do this; this, and
this," might be right for one, but then some-other
‘Gazer comes around the corner and proves you wrong
in every instance. We're not big Weaver-lovers, we
leave that up to the Glass Walkers, but I've séen
Stargazers who know their way around a-computer
system, who can talk to the elementals of plastic and
polymers. It's also assumed that we all know kung-fu,
that we shave our heads and wear the orange robes of
the Buddhist monks. Okay, some of our tribe ‘do. I've
also known many a Stargazer who wouldn't know the
Eightfold Path or the Mantis stance froma cell phone.

The majority of the Stargazers in the East belong
to the Beast Courts. They follow the Mandates and war
against the bakemono and all the agents of the Great
Centipede.. These Stargazers: fight an uphill battle.
‘They're the new kids on the playground, as it were, and
they have to earn the respect and renown that they
may have beén afforded (or not) among one another

32 Stargazers

aie ITs

and among the other Garou. They struggle to obtain
positions in the courts, to lead the sentai, to be entered
into the records of legend. The Stargazers have always
walked outside the traditional ways of the Garou, but
the stinking stigma of the Garou Nation's actions still
hangs on them like a skunky perfurne.. Mariy still
associate us with the War of Shame, or with the
Impergium. Occasionally an Eastern Stargazer must
field comments about how "we helped kill the bear-
changers." If ever there is a time when containing
one's Rage seems impossible, I'd wager that's it.
Some Eastern Stargazers choose not to exist among
the Beast Courts. "They're not precisely outcasts, but
they're not invited along on war parties unless abso-
lutely necessary: And they can't really belong to the
Garou Nation there, either; so what do they do? They
do as they've always done, which is serve the Emerald
Mother (or Gaia, or T'ai-Shen) however they decide
is best. Some choose to teach and enlighten the mortal
masses; some sit with the hsien or the Namebreakers in
an effort to learn the mysteries that the past and future
hold... I've known Stargazer monkeywrenchers who
attack the Wyrm-ridden corporations of China, I've
met tribe members who live reclusive lives among the
Ainu of Japan, ?ve encountered dernon hunters, bam-
boo-cutters, bodhisattvas and lunatic warlords. Our
tribe is not 6ne thing, no matter where we operate.
We're -all over the map,;-and my only problem is
figuring out whether that's our greatest strength or our
greatest weakness. And, speaking of weakness.«.

She Sepuite of GS Farce

It's an irreparable rift, mi afraid. Our tribe, broken
down into three wildly separate components, unable
to see eye-to-eye. This cosmic disagreement rarely puts
us at physical odds with one another, as that isn't our
way. But it also is like awall built up between each side,
stopping our own limited numbers from learning from
one another, helping each other, and mixing together
the lingering strength of our waning blood. When did
the schism occur? They say sometime -around the
Mongol incursions. But I think it happened much
earlier than that.

S Be D Pal Or0 aft

The Traditionalists (als6 called "the dutiful") con-
sider themselves Garou, through and through. Many
have joined the Beast Courts as is the will of the tribe,
but many have also remained behind, lingering as a
part of the Garou Nation-as- that is how best they
identify thernselves. They follow the paths of modera-
tion, but rarely engage in extreme asceticism or any
other behavior that would diminish their Garou ‘na-
tures ‘and instincts..They are warriors, teachers, phi-


losophers, concerned somewhat with their spiritual
paths but concerned moreso for the fate of Gaia. Once,
the majority of our tribe belonged to this slice-of the
pie, but I'm not'so sure anymore. They're at least the
ones who interact most often with the Fera of the Beast
Courts and the other Garou.-In-my mind, we're the
ones getting our hands dirty, knowing that following
the precepts of our ancestors is the way to wisdom. The
‘Traditionalists, myself among them,-are the wisest of
the..Garou. We follow ~-the understanding thar all
things must be done in modesation. It's no great secret.
If only the others felt that way.

Shé S Perper rif

The Transcendent have taken their Garou na-
turés and suppressed them. They'vwe held these in-
stincts down deep in the darkness of their own souls
until they've drowned like whelp cubs..I appreciate
their line of thinking, that peace and inaction will help
them purify their own souls. Qur tribal way of thinking
does indicate that we must be exemplary in all ways.
The theory holds that if everybody took care of their
own soul, the world would be filled with good souls
with no room -for the Wyrm to muscle in: Yeah; ina
perfect world.-But we don't live in-a perfect world, do
we? We live firmly rooted in reality; and a lifetime of
meditation will not cure' what ails -us.. They deny
themselves all pleasures, all vices, any and all indul-
gemces. Overt action: — action..without "thinking,
without long contemplation is seen as shameful. So,
the majority of the time they do little except seek inner
wisdom, blinking their third eyes clean of any obstruc-
tions. And while they meditate, Gaia withers. The
path of modeération is long lost tothem. The worst part
is, after the beating we took with Shigalu, we needed
time to lick our wounds. But many-of our tribe took
that time toembrace their inaction, not hate it: To me,
it's just fear given another more noble name, and with
it, our tribe grows ever weaker.

SPte SPLYELLGL

These Stargazers (not -to be confused with the
order of monks of the-same name) toe the' other
extremity opposing our tribe's. desired moderation:
The Tranquil wish to. remain inactive whenever pos-
sible, but the Trappists have declared war and remain
so at every breathing moment. They have one enemy,
and her name isthe Weaver..This Triatic member,
they say, has "trapped" us-ally and we must-always
struggle to discard these "trappings" and leave them
behind (understand the name, now?). But they don't
just preach disavowal of the Weaver's ways. No, these
Trappists take their battle to the (QQueen Spider when-
ever able. They run through the cities, seeking' to free

Seer ee ees an ee PEE ee

Gaia (and our own tribe) by destroying the Weaver's
strongest anchors. In the Umbra, they go far and deep
into the spirit world in.an effort to roust out the spider
spirits wherever they may nest, and put them-to the
torch..In their minds, Gaia would be a far better place
without the Weaver'sown webs strangling her, though
in that crusade they seem to forget that not only has
the Queen Spider helped to give stability to the firma-
ment, but that the Wyrm actively opposes and harms
the Emerald Mother. Pm no great lover of the Weaver,
for that mad queen is out-of-control. But again, I strive
to impress upon -you, Council. of Spirits, that we seek
moderation first Over all things. That is the nature of
balance; after all. The sooner the rest of our tribe (and
the other Garou) learn this, the better off all will be.
LYfering Cp rors

Cleartongue explains much, but he has his own way;
for he is a devout Traditionalist: But it seems unfair riot to
give the others a voice in our eternal record, does itnot? Let
us hear first from-a devotee of the Transcendent, Saram
Snow-on-Treetops « He will defend his beliefs:

Weare bourd by things we cannot know and
cannot see. Weare bound by the void. It has no
description, no boundaries. If you must have words to
describe it, then you may call it inexhaustible..And
vast. And forever moving in great cycles. Those who
do not move-with the cycles cause themselves too
much worry, too much stress, and it destroys them.
There is no direction to take,-no path to follow, no
actions to judge. If the cosmos is that way,then we
should be that way, as well.

Our critics find it easy to say that; with us, wé are
pinioned by our restraint, holding too dearly to-a
course of inaction over action. But it is not so simple
as that. Look at a river. The river doesn't act. It doesn't
consciously change itself, doesn't hold to a morality
that must impinge its movement. The river merely is.
It exists and moves according to its nature. The only
time this is different is when man or beast blocks the"
way of the river; and this is unnatural,.and does more
harm than good.

It-is Similar with us. We do not sit idly by, but we
don't act according to others' designs. We merely are.
Intuition guides us. We let our minds wander into the
void through periods of meditation... We starve -our-
selves,.cut our flesh, stare at the pinprick network of
the-luminaries in the sky above. We seek wisdom
within, not without.

Social conventions thean little. Nor do pre-de-
signed paths. We-elude such trimmings and let our
choices be what they may be without worry, without
forcing them..In Lao-Tzu's -book,; he writes, "The

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 33

— OE NS

t

softest thing in the univérse overcomes the hardest
thing in the universe." To force things are to break
them. To force balance, toshackle the Emerald Mother

"to a prescribed way of doing things, this will break her,

just as the Wyrm will break her. Patience is key. Otrhers
say that Gaia dies? We counter with, Gaia lives: When
the times do come that our movement is required, we
will do asthe river does: We will go with the flow,
forever on, foréver more.

Now we give time to listen to the voice of one of the
Trappists , as Cleartongue calls them. They are those who
oppose the Weaver in all forms, seeking to undermine her
third force of Reality: I am sad to say that this speaker you're
about to hear perished not long after he and 1 met for the first
time: He was lupus, rare among his oun, and with streaks
of holy black through his fur. Now he's gone, his soul soon
to be reborn, and for that there must be some joy..For now,
listen to the echoes of his snarls. Listen to Howl-Sky-
Screamer, a powerful young Ragabash who left us too soon:

Little spiders. Biting, chewing, spitting, weaving.
I sit on this rocky.step; and I look out over the
graveyard my brothers calla "city." City? What is that
but -a place for the monkeys to" play? A forest of
conérete and a-desert of smooth' black rock anda
horrible ghost with eyes of glass..1 arn tired of the city.
Ihave been to the city. Want to hear about my times
in that bad place? I'll tell youe Three years ago I went
into the city and a pile of trash and filth and vermin
offal attacked me, the smell of the Corruptor making
me sick to my guts..That was when I lost part of my
right ear. Two years ago I went into the city to find one
of our two-leg tribeswornen to bring her a spirit I had
tricked into. a rock..And two monkeys in blue put a
metal bee in my hind. One year ago, I went to the city
to help one of the fox-changers in solving a riddle that
was given to him-by the City Father..On the way to
meet the fox-man, a monster juggernaut of men-steel
and spider-rubber came and drove over me; shattering
my back. That took me months to heal.-And just three
weeks ago, I went into the city one last time. There I
found and brought back the bodies of three of my kin.
Two females,.and one male cub.. The monkey over-
population drove them into the city. There they drank
from puddles, needing water.. They didn't know the
water was poison. They didn't know the water was the
blood of machines. It killed them. Emptied their stom-
achs from their mouths. That was the last time I went
into the city. ;

lused to énjoy puzzles. Small gamés to sharpen my
wit. How can I make the pigeon fly to me so I can-eat
it? How does that stupid fish swim up the river instead
of down it? How can I turn the monkey traps against
the monkeys instead of against my kin? How many

34 Stargazers

(or a

little lights in the big sky does it take to sketch the faceés
of my wolf-kin ancestors? I always have questions, and
I always enjoyed finding the answers.The city was a
worrying question. What do we do with it? It is a big
and terrible place, but so many of my kind say it's
necessary. One more piece of the balancing whole.1
never understood, but I always tried to. 1am now tired
of trying.

Ino longer enjoy puzzles. Once I asked myself and
my brothers and sisters, what will we do about this city?
Now I don't ask anymore. All the lines running to that
awful graveyard, silken with steel webs and a play land
for crazy spiders, I no longer wish to figure that out. 1
have come up with my own answer. With others of my
kind I will seek out the Weaver who makes the little
spiders who makes the city, and I will cut out her heart.
There will be no thought. I will not have to ponder this
like I have been taught. It will be fast and just. Then
balarice will truly have been restored, and we will be
free to roam the woods again without worrying about
drinking poison fromthe ground. We can stare up at
the sky and ask our old dead packs for guidance. We
can return to the small, safe puzzles, for we will have rid
ourselves of the biggest one of all. Thé Queen Spider
will die:

We do not share much in common with the other tribes,
or even those of the Changing Blood. Our way is distinctly
our own, a mingling mix of many peoples, places ,.and
times. I find it best to explain our beliefs and the paths we
follow in a simple manner, for we are ultimately simple
creatures: Agastya Ten-Arrows was one of our eldest and
avisest warrior sages; and sadly perished during the grimand
cataclysmic events that took place in her homeland of
Bangladesh a few years previous..Hear now her explana-
tion of our true way:

l ama Stargazer. I arn half-moon, born: of hu-
mans. | have contemplated. much in the dark skies
above and in the dark swirl of tea left ina tea cup, and
I have much blood that will never wash off of my
hands.-I ama Stargazer.

Weare not one thing. Wedo not share a single eye
orasingle mind. When viewed from your window, how
doés snow look? White, uniform, all-encompassing.
But each flake, as we know, is different from the last.
Together they make one thing but separate they are
hardly alike. =

Our ways are many, but our Way is one. None are
required to follow our Way, but this path runs through
the hearts of all our cubs, a seed that can flourish with
just a -moment's attention. We teach lessons to one
another, from sage to student, and more importantly

\ wa

from student to sage. These lessons are whatI willshare
with you, so that you spirits may know what they are
and speak of them should we be reborn in the next Age

She Cac FPecttgs

All Stargazers learn two things beforé they are
allowed to learn others. Mentors and pack leaders have
different methods to express these lessons, but.express
them they must.

All life is suffering. That is the first precept: In all
things, there is suffering: Gaia bleeds. We weep. Hu-
mans wound one another. Words hurt. Blades slash.
Claws cut...It is behind everything,.this suffering.
That's not to say there can be no happiness. But
happiness can only be found through the realization
that everyone and everything must endure a constant
state of suffering.

For allits obviousness, this is the hardést lesson to
teach. I have seen mentors or pack arid sept leaders do
much to enforce this precept. I have seen cubs sent to
my home city of Calcutta to witness how, quite clearly,
the world and-its people are'sick and choking. I have
seen cubs made to meditate without food, rest, or water
so that they may learn such truth. | have even-seen a
sage whip a'cub with-a bamboo rod for days, weeks,
even months until that:cub-is ready to accept. the
reality of suffering. Once they do; they may move to
learn the second precept: :

The only way out of suffering is the Middle Way. The
Middle Way is the path of ultimate .moderation,. of
balance in totality. All things are of Gaia, but one must
not overestimate or undervalue the world around us
that is the combined craft of Reality, Passion, and
Darkness. No thing is an enemy unless it seeks to cause
imbalance. We ourselves must strive for balance. Many
teachers impose the lessons that cur most ancient
ancestors were required to learn for themselves. Teach-
ers force students into extremes. They make appren-
tices starve themselves; cut themselves, overindulge in
both pleasure and pain. Soon the realization comes
that these things are a part of us, but should. not
consume us: All things are of Gaia, we may taste of Her
fruits but never eat them whole. Restraint and temper-
ance in every action we take is the only way to finda
constant state of bliss outside of forever suffering.

Seta TPafttt, Tove Chfeiclioris

A Stargazer who truly knows the Two: Precepts
will be then made to know the Five Truths of our tribe,
and beyond them, the Five Obstructions that stand in
our way of accepting truth.

The first truth, the most important truth, is duty.
Some call this dharma, and others still call this the
Gaiadharma, for our one single duty is méant for Gaia.

We were given to this world by the Jade Emperor, we
are his gift to his wife to protect her creation, and that
creation is Gaia. Gaia is surrounded by the warring
forces of Reality, Passion;.and Darkness, and when
these three forces are in balance, there is-no worry.
But long they have been imbalanced, and so the first
precept is made true, all life is suffering: Gaia suffers,
and we accept this but wish for her to escape such
shackles. And so our duty is.to her: Anything fot
Gaia, at any cost. If our duty at that moment is to sit
upon an outcropping and look to the stars fora vision
from Chimera, then that is how it is. If our duty is to
take our natural gifts of claws and teeth and to rend
the enemy to ribbons upon the battlefield of Gaia's
flesh, then that too is how it is: Provided we do our
duty with-an-eye toward modération,: we will be
fulfilling the first truth.

That which hindrances oir adherence to duty is
lethargy... We may grow tired of our duty, weary and
indolent in the certainty that we are doing no good.
‘This may lead us into Shadow, called Harano by some,
and from there it is néar to impossible to escape. This
isa problem of our tribe, perhaps the biggest hindrance
to the most important truth.

The second truth is restraint. This is exeriplifiedin
the Middle Way, for it iscritical that we have total self-
possession. But it is important, for all of us are born
witha core of fire within us called Rage. Rage, like fire,
is almost uncontrollable. How does one. manage to
contain fickle flame? You cannot grab it; though you
may smother it. However, contrary to what many may
tell you, Rage is not a bad thing. Rage isa powerful tool
allowing us to spill blood when needed. Surely that
causes question? Let me clarify. The truth of restraint
does not imply that we abstain: We do not reject out-
of-hand, we must only accept things with great mod-
eration. Rage is no different. Many confuse Rage with
anger, but anger is a negative thought thar only in-

creases suffering. Rage isa weapon that can, from time _

to time, be loosed from its cage. There isan appropriate
time for us to wield it, and therein lies another crucial
distinction. We must wield it; it must never wield us.
If it does, we know we are in spiritual disarray and have
accepted anger.

That which hinders restraint is desire. We must
never desire: We are allowed to want, but to desire is
something bigger, something worse. Desire can rule
us. The desire for gratification in the form of pain or
pleasure damages us. We may desire to destroy. Or we
may desire the opposite,-to never take life and to
never destroy.. These are extreme ways, and not useful
when seeking true restraint. Ir removes us from the

Middle Way:

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 35

RS LS LY NT

i

The third truth is wisdom. We are not perfect
beings,.though we strive to be, and perfection ‘is al-
lowed only through wisdom- Wisdom is nothing short
of an attempt to understand all things: We know that
we may never truly achieve that, but our attempt arms
us with weapons to use. .when..performing our duty.
Wisdom is-more important than Flonor -or Glory,
which are useful only.in the proving ourselves worthy
tothe spirits who guide us.

Doubt is what -hinders-wisdom. It is healthy to
question, but never to be skeptical and doubt... Too
much doubt overrules wisdom, and suddenly you find
yourself asking, Am-I doing the wrong .thing? Have I
learned poorly? It causes hesitation. It creates a hiccup
in.the wisdom-gathering quest,.and any separation
from that quest is dangerous.

The fourth truth is tranquility. Tranquility isa state
of mind,.a state of being, and a place in and of itself. It
is located not in-the past or the future, but in-the
present: Here we donot dwell on the negative energies
of our failures or the pressing horrors of the future. We
lose all for the present and here we are able to reach
new wisdom' in the quest for better performing-our
duty. If an. arrow flies true, the past and future matter
not,-all that matters-is the arrow in. the~-present.
Tranquility is best discovered through personal medi-
tation. Some meditate with the very practice that
earned us our name. Looking up at the ‘night sky, our
ancestors would clear their minds and simply stare at
the ‘stars,.sometimes doing little more than reciting
constellations (new and old) over and over again in
their mind like a mantra. Orhers would do so in the
Mirror Lands and wait until the stars themselves would
speak with hidden truths. Some do not gaze upon the
luminous heavens and instead engage in other prac-
tices to find tranquility. I know many that engage in
meditative. tea-ceremonies,. doing little more than
sitting in silence,-sipping tea‘in ritual practice with an
empty mind. Tranquility is key-

Opposing tranquility is worry. What function does
worry carry out except to block us from tranquility?
Worry doesn't solve problems. It only agitates -and
creates internal suffering. Tranquility frees our mind so
it may travel to new wisdom, but worry locks our mind
down. so it is trapped and unable to-learn.

The fifth and final truth is that of vigor. We tell all
our cubs to engage in "armorlike vigor," meariing that
their quests must not be deviated from. We know that
we have great duty; and vigor is defined as the fortitude
to continue -on. our duty without stopping. It-is the
fortitude of action..It is the act of effort, of working
ceaselessly to achieve a-goal. You-cannot anticipate
failure before it happens, because if you-do, youshave

36 Sfargazers

LE EP Ln Ps ET i YT ———— Oe

ON ee

already failed. CAnd this is where tranquility helps
clear our minds to make way for our armorlike vigor.)
We must always continue. We must never stop in our
duty. lf we do, Gaia will continue to suffer, and with
this birth of the Sixth Age, that suffering may over-
whelm her and destroy us all.

Finally, that which blocks our vigor is ovéréonfi-
dence. We are allowed to be satisfied in our work and
accomplishments; in fact, it is recommended rhat we
understand when we have succeeded in some small
part. But one success in battle does not mean the war
is over..Overconfidence breeds our vigor. If we are so
sure of ourselves, we may stop trying to overcome
suffering and may fall from the Middle Way: Then our
duty to Gaiais weakened, and that mustn't happen.

Have any of us ever mastered all Five Truths? No:
And there is a reason.

AP PL CAEP Of CBLEGULCNSDCSIF.

Bodhichitta is the héatt of enlightenment. It is the
culmination. of all our teachings, the achievement of
perfection. And we must never reach it.

This world is locked in suffering. This is aconstant
cycle that all living things are bound to. We may die,
but in dying, nobody is truly free..Qur soul is simply
regurgitated back into suffering so that we may attempt
again to become perfect beings. We continue to return
again and again, our souls redressed in different incar-
nations. This is why we have astronger connection to
our ancestors than other tribes. This is why we -place
shrines to them and are able to speak with them more
freely than others, because we have been. given an-
other part of the truth, and that truth is the dynamic
rebirth that suffering creates. As enlightened beings,
Stargazers have the chance to-become so perfect that
we free ourselves from suffering, stop being reborn, and
are allowed to become a true part of Gaia.

But we muistn't. Not ever.

That is not why :we're here. We have madea
promise, aformal commitment.:The enlightenment of
others is athousandfold more important than our own
individual escape from suffering. And above all others
is Gaia. Until she is saved, we are locked here by
compact and oath. We strive for perfection, but we
must not hurry. As Stargazers; we follow the Middle
Way, postponing our own enlightenment so that we
may guide others and guide Gaia off of the cycle of
suffering that has ensnared usall. We take lives.' There
is blood forever dried beneath our claws. We are beasts
balanced with men and there is a war raging all around
us as the three forces of Reality, Passion, and Darkness
strive to crush Gaia with their struggling. We would
love to be spirits like you, but we're unable. All life is


|

suffering, arid we have a duty to Gaia to free her before
we may free ourselves: Such is our Way.

CMLL

Even a tribe such as the Stargazers is fractured, split
into fragments that only catch part of the mirrored whole:
Some of these so-called "camps" are good; others .bad.
Those that are good are simply tribe members gathering
together for a specialized purpose, focusing on a-single
Gaia-given task. Those that are bad collect away from the
tribe in a spirit of divisiveness and collapse. Certainly none
expect total agreement, but to chop and dice our tribe up
into tiny little pieces does us no good. It only weakens us in
this time when we need strength. It waters down our power,
it muddles our vision: I orily hope that when we are witness
to-our mother's final screams, we are either capable of
acting in unison or accepting our grand failure.

Apa gattip

First, -the -Ana-garnin, or the "Non-Returners." I
could find none, for reasons that will become obvious soon
enough, so I did as bést as'I could.-I found a Silent Strider
called Matthew Ever-Finding,.who traversed the Umbra
with his pack in an effort to help chart some of the uncharted
celestial roads. Open your ears, spirits, and hear:

One of my packmates was a ‘Gazer: Name of Mei-
Lin Mistchaser.. Beautiful girl) A little wacky. Loved
her like a sister. She had this uncanny knack of finding
new ways out of bad situations. It was like she was born
for the fuckin' Umbra, seriously. Well, one day she and
I were scouting ahead, doing it simple and easy, hang-
ing out in the Near Umbra, no big deal. Suddenly, out
of this spirit lake comes five Crinos Garou,all dolled up
in blue paint and orange robes, right? I laughed,-but
Mei seemed transfixed. They called to her, and she
went. l went, too, mostly to point and laugh and maybe
piss on their feet, but as'soon as I got within ten feet,
one raised ahand and I goddamn froze. Couldn't move:
Mei wobbled and waved like a hypnotized snake. They
told her that they wére the Anna-gammin or what-
ever, the Non-Returners.. That they were Stargazers
like she was;and that they had-forsaken: the
Gaiadharma, for that was nothing but .a "Wheel of
Chains" or some nonsense... They started babbling
some bullshit about samsara-and suffering and other
claptrap,.and then they started explaining that some-
day soon, all the Stargazers would go to the Umbra,
deep into the heavens, and riever return to the Earth.
I was like; "Holy crap,.that's incredibly stupid, right,
Mei?' But before I knew it, she was holding their hands
and they were all going into the water together. In
moments, the water was over her head, there were a
few ripples, and then she was gone.

SS een naan eae y anaes ES ae ee

TL couldn't move for about another hour. I finally
got free, didn't even bother going back to the rest of the
pack, and I tried to track: her. I went into that lake,
talked to spirits, caught her scent, and went for it. It
was the hardest thing 've ever done. You know how
easy it is to find someone in the Umbra who doesn't
want to be found? It's like trying to find a single cat's
eye marble in the Atlantic-fucking-Ocean..And it
didn't matter anyway.-Because the trail, tenuous as it
was, disappeared into nothing-nada-nichts as soon as I
hit the Deep Umbra. There I am,-surrounded by stars,
ghosts and spirits sliding through the darkness way off
in the distance; and Mei was game over, gone: I've
never felt more alone. We lost a good packmate that
day: I don't know what these Non-Returning prickholes
think they're up ‘to, burt if I ever find them, I'm going
to kick their teeth in for putting that bad gris-gris on
Mei-Lin and stealing one of Gaia's best.

A fe Saved D firtad

Listen riow to the words of Giratha Three-Debt, the
warrior-sage of the group known as the Sacred Thread, and
he will tell you of their ways and purpose:

The world continues to slip. The slope carries us
perpetually downward, and has~ grown. dangerously
slick. The quality of reality and the spiritual merits of
reality's inhabitants are declining rapidly, andifaction
isnot taken, what will be left of this place? Ethics of the
mind, body, and soul will be lost forever; and the world
will be nothing more than.a slaughter pit of depravity,
and then the Wyrm will truly have won.

Garou are concerned with Garou. They are bound
up in-the serpentine coils of politics, sept business,
tribal ritual.-It's all-wasted time--As the werewolves
play their puppy games, Gaia's grip grows weaker, and
the Wyrm's grows stronger. This place' is: made for
Gaia's greatest child,-the human, and it is in the
human heart that the battle for all the souls will be
fought. This is where the Wyrm lives,in the hearts and

minds of man, and.so.that is the battlefield of the ~

Sacred Thread.

We are ksatriyas, warriors and priests, but more
importantly, teachers. We are everywhere. Our kind
goes to the darkest hearts of native populations, and
to the most crowded urban tangles. The subjects of
our scrutiny are men and women, mortals, who need
our shepherding ways. We are instructors, first and
foremost. We become professors, counselors, train-
ers, and we deliver into human hands: the ways for
them to obtain' some kind of purity within them-
selves. It doesn't matter what we teach; education of
any kind can sanitize the spirit, whether we're tutor-
ing them history or coaching them through martial
katas. When we need to, we also protect our students:

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 37

eS LT NNT

t

If they aré in dangér of physical attack or mystical
assault, we stand in the way of harm so that they may
continue on their paths to sanctity..And finally, if it
should come to it (and we pray it never does), if oné
of our children goes astray and chooses the dark roads
leading inward to the Wyrm — then those children
must be destroyed... That is our saddest and most
serious task. Corruption cannot be abided.

You will know us by the thread that binds our long
hair behind us. Each ksatriya of the Sacred Thread
makes her own cord It is ninety-six times the breadth
of the four fingers of the maker, and each of the four
fingers represents the greatest stages of man's-con-
sciousness —- waking, dreaming, dreamless sleep, and the
formless void.. The maker also colors the cord in thirds,
each color representing the three forces that struggle
for dominance over Gaia. Black for Reality,-Red for
Passion, and White for Darkness. - You will see us with
our mortal students, our hair bound up with our sacred
threads, and you will see that our task of bringing men
to- enlightenment is the right one. We will persevere.
The Garou Nation does not interest us, nor does the
whims and wishes of the Beast Court. We-are only
concerned with the predominance of quality in the
soul of all mankind.

Se 2 epfiifr

As our days lessen,-so do the number of Stargazers
willing to sit aside in their caerns and ponder the esoteric
mysteries. Some of these Garou, seeking action over iner-
tia, choose to join the Zephyr. Jack the Moon-Blessed tells
you of the ways of this camp:

There's a-part of the Mahabarata which is the
Bhagavad-Gita, and it'sastory that I've always consid-
ered important. There is a warrior, Arjuna; who must
go to battle at Kurukshetra. But before the battle, he
demands that his charioteer (who justso happens to be
Krishna the avatar) drive him down the center of the
battlefield, where he may gaze upon both sides of the
assembled soldiers. Among the faces of these gathered
warriors, he recognizes too many. Fathers, sons, broth-
ers, cousins, friends. He knows many of these people;
has sat with them, talked with them, dined with them
at their homes and they at his.. And he weeps. He
decides he can't go to battle. He can't encourage all
these people that he potentially knows and loves to
destroy one another senselessly. But Krishna has some-
thing to say about that. The charioteer explains to
Arjuna: Your duty is to be a warrior. This is the way things
are, youcan'tgo against thern: You must killyour enemies,
and not stop until all the necessary killing is done.

We are Garou; arid whether we belongin the West
among the Sunset People or whether we stay in the
East among the Beast Courts, you can't deny the fact

38 Sfargazers

OLE Fs LT DS TO LT

that we are warriors, through-and-through.. We are
capable of many things, it's true. Song, philosophy,
poetry,-dance...But we're built for war. We're given
bodies that withstand trémendous pain: We have
claws and teeth that are capable of reducing W yrmflesh
into little more than unrecognizable gobbets of stink-
ing meat..OQur howls inspire us-to battle, our forms
allow us maximum liquidity in the theatre of war.
There-are many skills that help us in our duties, and
those we learn with attentiveness and discipline. Some
learn to dance with klaives,; others follow the martial
ways of ancestor Kai Lin.

Of course, we're not senséless murderers. We have
minds made to contemplate what we are meant to do
and what we have done. Our spirits and aricestors lend
us a chorus of voices to give meaning to our duty. Our
duty is not to stand idly by. It is to enter the turmoil,
never to emerge. We go everywhere, wherever we
must, wherever the battle is. If there is a great caern
besieged by the W/yrm, then that's where we'll be. Ifan
ancient spirit requires our protection, thenso be it: We
get in, do our duty, and then we move on. We risk no
socialentanglements, we don't partake in moots unless
absolutely necessary. There is one purpose, and that
purpose is war.

Has Shigalu taught us nothing? We arée-over-
whelmed and encircled by the forces of Darkness. Do
we think that mild contemplation will help cure the
limitless plagues that sicken Gaia's soul? Was. the
Snow Léopard saved by watching from the periphery?
Wre-should've been there, all of us,.in defense of our
holiest of places —~ but we weren't. We'll never fail
that way again: We will succeed, or die trying.

TPE FO PHT L

T have myself seena Trance Runner once: Truly quite
a sight! They are rare,and I doubt that they are written of
anywhere in the great spirit records..Let us correct that
mistake and enter them into the Jade Record. Eléar about
them now from the Hakken Garou , Kumono Cloud-Rift:

I was waiting for a message from the Court at
Roppuku Station. I won't bore you with the details
of the message, but the message was crucial, meant
to name the museum in Tokyo containing a fetish
that had been considéred lost to my ancestors too
many years ago. I was offshore, on a cargo freighter,
waiting in the shadows for sormeone to deliver the
message at the appointed time. I didn't expect them
to hold to-their word; they had named a time too
quick, too soom. No one-could make it to me with
such alarming alacrity.

Then I took a-casual glance toward the docks,
and I saw something on the quarter-mile stretch of

\ we

watér separating the boat and the mainland: Some-
one, actually. Running. Across the water. The figure
was moving fast, really fast, and they hit the tow-rope
running. The individual half-danced, half-shimmied
up the rope like they were a hollow-boned ottér. I
could see by now, even in the half-darkness of the
city-wash lights, that the figure was a man, and he
leapt up upon the boat, barely standing on two toes.
Then he began leaping from box to box toward me,
making no noise; moving like a quiet little cricket. I
didn't know if I should worry or not so I drew claws,
but by the time they tasted air, the runner was directly
in-front of me, balanced like acrane on the very edge
of a plastic barrel.

The figure was thin, bird-thin, little more than a
skeleton woven with tight muscle: He was also com-
pletely naked. Then he handed me a tube with a scroll
in it that named the museum. 1 was floored. I named
him Silent Strider, but he clucked his tongue at me,
and in. Tibetan told me that he was a Stargazer; and
belonged to an. ancient tradition of his tribe called the
"lung-gom-pa,'" or the Trance Runners. In whispers, he
gave mea quick lesson.-Told me that they numbered
few; but were all over. They transmitted messages,
items, secrets from caern to caern, court to court: He
said through much meditation. of his dharma he was
able to achieve near-weightlessness when so desired,
and then did this trick. He dropped down on top of the
barrel, sitting in a pretzel-knot lotus position. Then he
jumped three feet in the air. Didn't undo-his legs,
either. I don't know how he did it; when J asked, he just
chuckled, and said that 1 "should really see the Seven
Mile Leap." Then he took off, running. Pve never
heard of them before,-and haven't seen one since.

The Preavernly Shccators of fe Dra 0r- Caer
Many who know about this group have labeled theman
"Apocalypse Cult," being focused too much about the end
and not enough about the present. I haven' t found this to be
true, and it's possible that they are merely victims of bad
press. But I will let another tell the tale. Here is one of the
Successors (also called -Demon-Eaters),. Yao Jun, .the
Magistrate of the Winds: ;
Once; a very long time ago, theré was a Stargazer
that was given the task of protecting the emperor of
China, whowas said to possess a slumbering vein of our
blood running through his heart. The Stargazer was
filled with woe and worry,-and felt that he was not
righteous or just enough to handle the duty. He be-
lieved the only way out of this, and the only way to
allow someone bettér to do the job, was to commit
suicide,-which-he did on the steps of the imperial
palace. His cooling body was discovered by the erm-

Se see ees en ee ee en EE SS ee

peror himself, who was being brought out to attend a
tea ceremony with the extended imperial family. Upon
discovering the corpse,.the emperor did not treat it
with ignominy as he should have, but instead had the
body buried ceremoniously in one of the green robes
reserved for members of the royal family.

The Stargazer's spirit was not to be reborn immeé-

diately, and instead traveled: through the thousand ~~
hells, pondering his duty. He knew what the emperor
had done and vowed to return to the family to protect
them. He battled through these hells and gathered
3000 warriors, and when he was finally freed, he was
not alive, but a spirit —- as was his contingent of
soldiers. They found that it was athousand years later,
and the current imperial palace was besieged by an

ancient demon who called itself Desolation. With his
warriors, the Stargazer defeated Desolatiory and saved
the-family,- and then vowed to defeat all demons,
everywhere. The spirits all dissipated and were later
reborn: That Stargazer's name was Zhong Kui, and we
are the spirits that were reborn.

Weare Zhong Kui's successors: Our task at hand is
to defeat and destroy the demons who drink Gaia's soul
like hungry turnors.. Demons have always been here,
quiet, whispering, but now their numbers grow, and
they have ceased being quiet. We are warriors and
exorcists from the Tibetan traditions, but we come
from everywhere. Weare everywhere. If we are not in.
battle with a demon, you will not know us..We are
secret. Wemay be in the packs of other Stargazers,
other Garou, or part of a random sentai. We may call
upon you spirits or train an apprentice or take solace at
alocal caérn. But you will still not know us. Should we
find the scent of a demon, and should it engage usin
battle; however... then you will know us. Then we don
our green robes like Zhong Kui was given, and we
attack with our phurba spirit daggers in "an .effort to

‘sever the cruel demon from the flesh of the innocent.

Those who are born tous will not know it, but we come
for them over time..And we show them the truth, for
the truth is impossible to deny.

The demons-are coming. Their ranks swell like
great bulges of pus and blood, and we are the hot blade
meant to lance such a blister. Others say we fight the
wrong enemy, but has"no one-noticed how grossly
these things stink of the Wyrm? Others say we are too
focused on the End Times, but if these ancient reborn
monsters aren't an indication of the final Apocalypse,
what could they be? The battlefield grows muddy with
blood.. The skies are raining sickness. And demons
again walk the earth, unshackled, unfettered, and
unrelenting. That is why we, the Demon Eaters, must
remain vigilant. We must succeed.

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 39

= ES EY IN

PU here Lt flte Eyt tel FE

Klaital, one of the ancient progenitors of the
Stargazers,° has-been -lost.. His soul cannot be
found among any of the Stargazers, and all efforts
expended on the search have come up with more
questions than answers. During the spiritual night-
mare in Bangladesh in 1999, the most current
believed incarnation of the lost hero, Ayjis Artaq,
disappeared and has yet to be found. His pack
believed him-dead, as did the rest of the Klaital
Puk camp: But where was the next incarnation of
Klaital? The spirits were unable (or unwilling) to
give information. Other groups, specifically the
Ana-Gamin,-claimed that his incarnate walked
among them, and thus their will should be fol-
lowed. Some Stargazers believe that Ayjis Artaq
is still alive (and the incarnation of Klaital with
him), and others believe that Klaital's reincarna-
tion is being held until the "official" end of the
Last Days. On the opposite end of the spectrum;
some more doomsaying Stargazers opine that the
Last Days are here; and that is why Klaital hasn't
emerged. Regardless of the nature of the belief
surrounding Klaital, one thing can~be agreed
upon —— the absence of his incarnation isa bad
portent, indeed.

40

Sfargazers

LLL ET i TT, ET TOE TS IT

Cop CLOP OPS

The last we shall speak of are the Ouroboroans. Have
these brothers fallen-too far from the trée, or have they
instead stumbled upon a secret mission that will truly help
save the heart of Gaia? I am not the final arbiter of such
things. To tell you of their dark pursuit; here is the voice of
Vishram Shadow' s Son,-a Theurge of the Stargazers:

Hear that? It's faint. Like a susurration..of dry
leaves. Or the chittering of insect mandibles..Do you
feel it? Do you feel constricted, bound up in a grim
embrace, smothered and strangled and choked? The
Queen Spider wraps us all up-in her iron cords; there
ismn't..a-single one of -us not-caught up in her gross
entanglements! But -there is ome who is caught up
greater than all of us, one who's buried deep in the
catacomb heart of spider's silk, unable to see the light,
unable to be truly free as he needs to be. I speak of the
great spirit most of you know as the Wyrm,.but as we
call QOuroborous, the Balancer:

Think about it! Open your mind and céase denial.
The Wyrm was a creature of balance, and what are we,
the Stargazers? We are also beasts of balance! This poor
broken spirit is‘our true totem, our true father. If you
were trapped against your will for countless millennia,
wouldn't. you go-mad?.Wouldn't you slash. at your
bonds and threaten your captors with bile and acid?
The Wyrm is not the danger. Yes, we've been told that,


but it's a lie propagated by the Queen Spider herself.
Will you buy into the untruth? Will you fall down her
trapdoor like so many others have? Or will you help us,
will you see that our mission to free the Wyrm is the
only righteous quest?

Most cotne to us through bouts of darkness. Only
when you reach the bottom of your very soul are your
eyes capable of adjusting to the reality of things. Some
of us have been lost on sojourns in the bowels of the
Abyss, others still have floundered in-the throes of
Harano or have been so close to death that they could
see its eyes. When we skirted true darkness, realization
dawned uporn-us like a light and our true undertaking
was granted to us like a gift.. There are two steps to our
task. The first is to know the Balancer, which many of
us have done in earnest. Some drink the blood of Banes
to taste of corruption so that they may know it: Others
have spent time in the bowels of Black Spiral hives,
learning the Gospel of Balance. But we all have some
stain on our hearts, because as the theory goes, how can.
one know Good if they haven't yet tasted Evil?

‘The next step is freedom! Find the Wyrm and free
it however possible. We learn complex rituals of purity
that other Garou couldn't bear to learn, and-we per-
form them on those we deem worthy of freedom. Banes
can. be cleansed,.if you work hard-enough; did-you
know that? Probably not: Orhers, too.. Men with the
Balancer in their hearts must have everything taken
away from: them. Their homes, their precious televi-
sion sets, their loved ones, their jobs: Take all things
that stink of Queen Spider away and then wecan begin
work on. disinfecting their broken souls. Even Black
Spirals can be saved! Just last month I liberated one of
these -poor,.deluded creatures...I. kidnapped it -and
brought it to the tunnels below the city, and there I
taught it the pain of its master. I removed its skin, its
teeth, its fingers, all while the poor Dancer was bound
up by silver cord, syrnbolizing the paralyzed nature of
the Balancer. In the end, the Dancer could not. be
cleansed, and sometimes the only way to true freedom
is destruction, so J ate its heart: Such is the way.

AIL should join.us.:All should come tous to séek
the light..A wise man, which may have been me, once
said: The only true wav to fix something is to break it. We
will. free the Balancer. We-will fix it and restore the
great spirit to its rightful prominence. And those who
stand in our way will be punished.

reedt ana Tigges

Whosé voice réturns to us now? Iris Peter Wu, whose
duty has been -to learn all he can about our tribe. He will
inform the Jade Record with the truths regarding the sepa-
rations intrinsic to us all:

Idn't they be? Let's go over th:
Most of our tribe hails from one of two place

precepts and teachings:-As such, it makes for a very
large, potentially enlightened breeding B ol.

without it one could argue that we wouldn't be sepa-
rate from the rest and would be an entirely different
creature altogether. And,as we are taught, desire is the
walithat blocks us from performing the restraintneeded.
But here's the problem —~— simply because it is taught
doesn't: mean. it's truly understood. Desire, among
many of our tribe,-is far too often equated with sexual
activity, and worse, sexual pleasure. Sex comes from
desire, or so it's believed, and so-many Stargazers
simply perform restraint in their dealings with sex.
Simply put; we're not breeding. Atleast, notlikewe
should. Obviously, we're being born; but -not in stag-
gering mumbers... The: problem with the logic' that
prevents such coupling is that desiré is absolutely nottro
be equated with sexual contact..Desire is the overin-
dulgence of want, but sexual contact is one of our pure
practices; as pure as meditation or doing our bloody
duty in the name of Gaia. Few are, able to ger past this;
worrying about the shame th yi 1 and the damage

so in these modern days), it?s the half-breed p metis.
Ivs.a simple fact: Met re born. It's never on
purpose; it's never desired ybut it happens. Now, most
of our tribe is overtly con ned with restraint or, as
Pve said, total self-denial in many things, and one of
those things is breeding, Hence, not many metis are
spawned among our -numbérs,..for it brings ~great
shame.One wishes that we wouldn't feel such shame

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 41

LL PY oA LNG


for one another, especially regarding something like
this which is particularly sensitive, but we do. Breed-
ing a metis cub implies severe weakness, inferring a
spiritual breach. of the modetate .or ascetic .paths
many of our tribe follow.

However, shame may be reserved for the parent-
age of such a cub, but the shame is ideally never carried
over to the cub herself. Metis are still Garou and not to
be spurned. Of course, some of that disdain -Asian
culture has for such deformities may Carry over tosome
of our tribe, but all in all we are a large extended family
who-is capable of overwhelming compassion. The
metis deserve our empathy, not our derision or disre-
gard. And nine times out of ten, they receive the
empathy they deserve.

Metis, you see, are often explainéd as Garou who
physically manifest the Middle Way- The thinking on
this is clear, though the practice is a bit muddled. The
thinking is simply that, metis are the balance between.
the two breeds. We are all amalgamations of mam and
beast, but the two dominant breeds create something
of an imbalance; a reliance upon one breed or another.
But metis? Metis are both, equally;half-and-half. Plus,
metis have-a.far easier time learning "our first two
precepts. Because of their physically deformed nature,
they come to understand that suffering is the predomi-
nant force in the universe very quickly..And their
genetic heritage gives them:a leg upon accepting the
Middle Way,.as well.-For this, many of our strongest
learners (and hence, teachers) have beén metis.

One more item deserves note, here: Metis may not
be born too often among our numbers, but they are
among other tribes: When they're cast away (and they
inevitably are), the Stargazers have a strong policy of
adopting those wayward Garou.

Agent

The math here is hard todeny. There are very few
wolves left in the world: They're dying out, making the
endangered lists in every corner of the world. They are
hunted, p ickened,.or merely hedged in by
| of humans, and they suffer
: f wolves in the world are few,
hat the numbers of our tribe among
ow does that add up?

42 Sfargazers

OLE LL OT TT OR TT,

government began' protecting the numbers of the
Indian Wolf, a smaller subspecies of wolf, but things
have changed again in the last few years. .A-number

~of Black Spiral Dancers have begun stealing children

by the riverside, and these stories have made it into
the newspapers: Once again,.men fear wolves in
India, and despite the government decree, they hunt

them ruthlessly.
ve heard something of an urban legend about a
pack -of lupus Strargazers that remains in. Tibet and
China. I say "urban legend" because it appears that no
one can-directly confirm .a primary source that -has
dealt with this pack, only the "friend of a -packmate"
category of tertiary source. ve heard this pack given
many names, but there is only one name for the pack
alpha: Mother's Whispers. From what's been said, this
alpha received "direct communication" from. the Em-
erald Mother herself, and was sent upon a-quest for
many years into the deep mists of the Mirror Lands.
From there, it's said that Mother's Whispers was able
to literally track down the heart of the universe, where
the Weaver had bound up the Wytm in her webs, and
the pack was able to hear the Wyrm whimpering like
akicked whelp. Now, the pack issomething of a legend
in their worldly atracks on the Weaver's webs. They
attack Chines @ldiers out on maneuvers, they de-
Es infiltrated

ty Moons" or the "Stomach Moon
ated with tricksterspirits, and trick

lates to thing like; "Awake

and among
the Ragabash of our tribe.

What does this mean? ve been told a-story by
many Stargazer No-Moons that involves a member of
our tribe called the "Monkey King." The Monkey King
was jealous of an ancient sage of the tribe who held an
ornately carved wooden box, and inside the box was
said to be the Elixir of the Nine Moons,.a°potion
created of the Peaches of Immortality and was said to
grant eternal life and perpetual enlightenment. Mon-

\

key; as we'll call him, was riot interested in someone
else having this; he himself wanted it.. And sohe snuck
out and slid through the Mirror Lands in all forms and
finally managed to thieve the box away from the old
sage. Monkey opened the box right then and there, not
bothering to wait rill he had time to sneak away, and
quaffed the. Elixir immediately: He tasted the -fer-
mented tang of the peaches, and then his mind began
breaking into little pieces as he threw up the contents
of the elixir back in the bottle from whence it came.
Monkey collapsed there, and found that he couldn't

remember his name or where he'd come from, only

that he had consumed the Elixir. The sage found him,
and smiled down, and said, "You have swallowed the
Elixir and now you have nothing. Now you are immor-
tal and enlightened."

‘That's the story. [don't properly understanid it; but
I presume that it implies an unconventional tranquil-
ity as espoused by the No-Moons of our tribe: Some of
the meditation these Ragabash eng in would make
even the weirdest Zen masters,sta quité curiously.
They do anything for than' sharp shock" of satori,
Pve found.

e crescent moon are perhaps
ching a state of imbalance —
than-our Ahroun: brothers -and
is?

heurges (known by some. as the
they speak to the spirits of all
le for our tribe's greatest enigmas.
of lore, the cataloguers of all our

yes, even

ancient they are the mouthpieces that
communic e life that exists beyond us and
into the M - All of these things are like

puzzle boxes
ied beneath cou
swers. Sometimes
one of these enigma

xe deepest, darkest riddles bur-
yers of questions without an-
ur Ghost Moons will find
nto it like a mosquito
seeking blood, but the to drink their fill.
They will keep going and going, saway layer
upon layer of the puzzle and never truly growing closer
to finding the solution. It destroys their minds. Many
of them go away to live apart from the tribe —- we call
these the Sennin. They disappear from us, some travel-
ing to regions of the world that are yet unvisited, and
others vanish into the Umbra, never to be seen again
(though it's rumored that thé strarige camp called the
"Non-Returners" find the tribe members who delve
too deep into the Umbra and force them into the fold):

And itisashame that their position offers up the
grim possibility that their minds will be lost.. They are
one of our most valued assets. Not to say they are more

important than any other, but théir task -is perhaps
tore daunting and less clear than.any other, and for
that I. don't envy them. However, even if they do lose
their minds... just ask the Hungry Moons, for some-
times there is great wisdom in madness.

FRM CaO

Under the half moon, our teachers are born: Some
call them the "Two-Hand
hands one can measured f
China and J
under the "BS

ed, we -are considered to be
holars of our tribe. It's up to
of this world and our placein
e balance of all things should
e two auspices before ‘us and
oon is half, sitting squarely in.
ifying perfect balance. ‘The
the judgments we decide
to both young and old. It's
écause we are respected

Even. so, so
deadens our emot
Full Moons, and you'll see > vibrancy, madness, joy, and
sorrow. Look to us, and you'll see a.calm veneer, a
placid lake unstirred in each eye,and you'll see our
greatest asset and our greatest sorrow. We become so
used to seeing all sides ofa jewel that it becomes harder
and harder to appreciare the jewel for its beauty, not
just as the single sum of its parts. But it's the way we
must be. We can only hope that we still find happiness
and sadness together, and that when we do they don't
divert us from makin the choices-and judgments that
fall to-us to deci :

tors; frigh
etcetera. 1)
penned list of

situation? Most don*® n n think about

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 43

Ny Ute SS NS

4
4

mantras when. they do what they do; it's predomi-
nantly practiced by only afew, elder Stargazers, and
most of them.-are from India:

However, regardless of what the individual Galliard
believes; the ancestors still whisper that their dury ——
whether they recognize it or not —-is to sing the secret
words to us all. They needn't be aware of it in technical
terms, the truth of the Stargazer Galliard is that they
are a conduit connected toa universal song, and when
they speak or chant or sing or murmur, they connect to
that song and deliver unto-us a miniscule fraction of it.
And even this fraction holds mammoth power.

Asiother note about our Galliards. There are sa-
cted symbols, similar in purpose to mantras, but drawn
instead of spoken. There is one sacred to us ——-or at
least, it was. It is a large circle with a smaller circle
within, and asmall line connecting one point on the
little circle with one point on the larger circle. This
diagram was said to be tattooed all over the flesh of our
first Galliard, Kalyana Seed-of-Song: She put it there,
because that symbol represents the existence of the
external world and its ways the quter Bugle) : and the

A bret lesson on. linguistics tho 5 worthy ohn note:
In. Japanese, the. word yama kaze is the "mountain
, and is made up of two characters. When these

to ae arashi, or "hurricane." That. is perhaps the
essence of our warriors. They are Stargazers, and as
such learn the lessons of balance as we all do. But even
stillness. they are rough like a mountain wind,
and alw ys in danger: of..exploding,eutward like.a
hurricane. [h ‘hy we call them the "Tleart Moons"

or "Blood Moons" because they ¢ are encouraged to act
with their hearts. And primal blood rushes through
their hearts allowing them great passion. and move-
ment -— but always they must be wary. For within an
Ahroun's heart and blood is that dark line of quicksil-
ver called Rage; and should it make the heart beat too
fast or the blood rush too quickly; then the warrior will
lose control. He may lose sight of the task at hand,and
may cease to understand his own duty. Even in Rage,
balance must be maintained.

It's funny. ve met other Garou, and evén orher
Fera who seem to have this image of our Heart Moons
as these quiet, meditative types who embrace pacifism
and only enter war after great deliberation. And yes,
ve met~Heart. Moons who are like this..But the

44 Sfargazers

LP PEE Ee EET YT Ss LL LT

majority of thern understand that there is one thing
above all, and that's duty. An Ahroun's duty isn't to sit
idly by. The duty of a warrior is to embrace war, for war
is one of the actions that creates change. We have
other tribe members of other moons to balance this
passion out; plenty others are capable of embracing the
path ofinaction without breaking their obligation. But
mot our warriors. They have the responsibility to step
first upon the-battlefield..1 remember when I was a
young cub, meeting Hoderi Fire-Shine,a Heart Moon
of our tribe who worked closely with the Hakken to
oust the Wyrm: Ghosts from. Nippon...Fle .made a
sideways coinmenit that he always had "blood staining
his teeth" and it wouldn't ever wash off. At first I was
appalled and I asked him how he felt about that, and
wasn't he going against all that our tribe holds dear? He
said one thing to me; and one thing only: "It is what it
is." Later I understood. Their undertaking is not ome
we have to appreciate of even understand. As Hoderi
said, it is what it is, and we must allow them to do the
duty that they were born to.

She S Pa

Again, I call upon our departed teacher, Agastya Ten-
Arrows. Long had she studied the interplay between these
thrée cosmic forces, and I feel that she best can help you
understand our feelings about them so that they mary be so
placed in the Jade Record:

A Stargazer must know his parentage. Ar the
beginning, before the birth of all tangible and intan-
gible things; three forces struggled for dominance:
We must know what they are, how they can help us,
how they hurt Gaia, and how we must return them to
balance..For these three monarchs have forgotten
how to share, and we must teach them again how to
become one, not three, and free the Emerald Mother
from their anger: 4

backs instead of shackles around.our ankles.


eed LUE

| Parcel out the passion, dice it up into manageable
pieces, amd there you have the Weavers We call the
Queen Spider's influence by one tame: Reality. For that
is what the Weaver is. And therein.lies the promising
word: is: The word "is" helps us define things. ‘his is
that, thatis this. in that word youind thé Spider, busily
working EG.give depth and breadthto our passions.

Reality is mot im.our stomach or in thé chambers of our
hearts»Reality is the labyrinth of logic at the center of
our minds: Reality wasthe second of the three.

a Reality isnot our enemy, though some may chink
thatitis. Withoutthe ways of Reality, wesvould have
no tribes;mo names, anid would only be cast off into-a
sea of shapeless chaos. We.must protect Reality with-
out ever becoming caught in its webs, for its strands are
sticky and ever alluring. When it grows out ofcontrol,
we tossdt intg the kiln of Passion and let Reality melt
and bubble into its' primal ways. But itis a third ofthe
cosmos, and weanustvaccept this truth.

This gtéat serpent was once Balance, but now it is
Darkness It's a seed of shadow planted in all our hearts.
Oncé it was an agent of the cosmic mind,-seeking to
provide a scale with which:te balance the other two
forcés. It moderated them, made sure that they existed
in aratio.appropriate to keeping the cosmos.in perfect
aceerd. Did Passion's madness inflame it? Or did
Reality': 6 webs trap it? It doesn't matter. What imatters
is that somehow, the force of Balance saw sentience
awaken in its slumbering<iiind, and it became pain-
fully self-aware anid desperately selfish. It wanted what
the others hadyand no longer soughtto walk the line
of moderation. The Wyrm_was Once in: our hands
allowing us to balance, but now itis all throughout the
celestial body like a cancer, A.sééd of shadow planted
in the hopes of burying us all beneath the cover of
Darkness. It was the third of the three. »

As Stargazers, we are Garou; and as Garou, we ~ seek
toend the Wyrm's pain. But this is not so Gasy a task,
and not one simply defined. It doesn't involve merely
destroying it. Cutting it out only makes it grow, like
the heads of a hydra lopped off. No, we ourselves must
become what it- once was. We are Balance. We have
assumed the role. We must moderate all the forces,
now, we arethe equaling hands.

She taper

We are no longér of the Garou Nation. We aré Garoii,
yes, but we no longer truly belong to that political body and
so their rules aren't sacrosanct to us as they once were. The
Litany is still deep in our hearts ; but our new code of conduct

is that which has been long laid out by the Beast Courts.
Hence here I give.discussion upon the Mandates of the
hengeyokai. One of our kind has long lived among the Beast
Courts, however informally, and he is well-suited toward
explaining the Mandates in the light of our tribe - Listen to the
blind scholar ,.Star-Trail-in-Night-E-yes:

SHAE NOF flté GALE
LUE Pfate Fseer tive fo Vow

This tenet isn't one that will be hard for us to adapt
to. We are all familiar with the concepts of duty and
purpose. The other Garou, pfeh, they know duty like
they know wisdom, and that's to say not at all. They'd
rather sniff each orher's tails and pin medals of renown
on one another instead of adhering to the responsibil-
ity that they were built for. The Jade Emperor didn't
give us.our tasks just so we Could ignore them and do
our own: selfish little things,-did he? No. We have
dharma, and we will fulfill it. Plain and simple.

What isnot so plain and simple, however, is how
the Beast Courts view this idea: Mostly, you'll find that
they are accepting of the way we choose to realizé our
tasks, but from time to time you'll finda regent who
believesthat what we consider to be duty they consider
to-be-a waste of time: At that point,.expect to have
quite the fight on your hands. But we're used to
defending ourselves from -others; are we not? At least
it's not as bad as. in the West.

Clear fle PULzEf
VT Pak JE hati Sores fer FOL ALL

Again, another item that gleefully separates us
from our Western "brothers" (dare I call them that?).
Most Garou wouldn't know the concept of a Wheel or
turning Ages from the hole that lies beneath their tails,
but we of the Beast Courts are quite crisp regarding the
notion. Ages are born, they turn, and they die, andthe
Wheel-turns like the hands of aclock to another Age.

We have heard the recent "click-click-clicking and

witnessed another Age born; an Age of Sorrow that
miay be the last stretch of time we-are allowed to see.
Many of the Courts, including those of our tribe; wish
to keep the Wheel turning and to stop it from collaps-
ing in on itself.

But | have met othets —— and [ myself can only
wonder if they're right —- that believe perhaps the Age
of Sorrow "is meant to be -the last..Suffering is the
guiding principle of thisuniverse, is itnot? And sorrow
could be a synonym for suffering, or at least a-conse+
quence thereof, true? Our goal is to untie the ropes that
fasten Gaia to the Wheel, and maybe if the Ages end,
we have truly succeeded in our goal? 'm of course not
suggesting that we attempt to destroy the Wheel or
Gaia, Tm merely offering an opposing point, is all...:

Chapter Tavo: 7 he breath of Pring Orchids 45

Ny tes niente


FRaty0ee Not Je Javvirc? Your Cirtstir:
See PPE GALE

The point of this is obvious. We all have work to
do; our tasks are our own,.and we mustn't take time
away from our own business to blindly, ahem, teach
others things that we ourselves probably don't under-
stand to begin with: At its root, this is a good idea. The
Garou never understood this, did they? No, no, they're
hell-bound to bully everyone into doing what they
think is right, which is of course one of the reasons we
never really got along with those ingrates.

However, time to be the opposing advocate once {

more..Sometimes, "your cousin" has stépped so far off
the path that.he's about two-pawprints away fro
toppling into the Abyss,-so-what do you do? Let tk
dumb fool learn-the lesson the hard (and possi
permanent) way, or do you casually suggest to the

that maybe, perhaps they're doing a very stupid thing?

Sometimes it's necessary to instruct your cousin, se
Also, our mentor-student bond is built on-that vei
concept. The idea; however, that I'd espouse is this
presume not to instruct your cousin unless they wisho
need such instruction. Don't over ds,
but cubs still have many lessons .

Pton0r Your Verrttory i224

We'all are given to territorial instine
makes sense, for wé are the sum of territorial*h
and territorial beasts. And it would be foolish to igno
such instincts,as they are scribed upon our very being
In practice, it's best not to go nosing around som
Nezumi's rat-warren or dancing on anybody's bawn if
you don't belong there.

But honestly, we néed to be above such pettiness,
and I'm-amazed that the Beast Courts ——-ostensibly
wiser than the Garou =— hold fast to such an outmoded
idea. Gaia is a broad expanse and she is the duty of all
of us; and lines of territory only create lines on the
battlefield. It's pragmatic to practice this so you don't
get your nose bitten off, but in theory I find that it's
pandering to a not-so-moderate way.

4a Mercy Ctge You
tee Oar Aipgittt oftter? C0 1S

Here's one Il agreé with in principle and in prac-
tice! Mercy allows us to walk the path of moderation
and gives us a bulwark against the Rage that festers
inside of us. Rage is useful, yes, okay, fine, I grudgingly
accept this fact. But Mercy,-ah, this separates us truly
from the other Garou (one or two tribes aside): We're
all allies here, why clash? Why gnash our teeth and
draw claws across friendly throats? I literally watched
a Black Fury and a Fenrir goat it inthe sewers of Hong

46 Sfargazers

OLE es ET ET Ts

Kong, one time. Not only did they cover themselves in
filthy water and stinking shit, but she permanently lost
an eye and he had an ancestral klaive snapped in two!
And why? Because Rage ruled them and Mercy wasn't
present.Primitives.

Atornor Lei Apcattort nnd Vou Laer

We goto great lengths for our ancestors. Even a
Stargazer with the weakest of tiesto her family will
maintain a shrine in her domicile that honors at least
four generations of antecedent blood. Our shrines are
grand affairs, truly..Fetishes, poetry,sketches, locks of
hair or fur, and other trappings allowustohavea union
with our ancestor-spirits that the other tribes couldn't
ven conceive of. (I myself have a complete skeleton
fone of my forebears, a wise Theurge who was called
do-chi the Earless.) We hold our previous incarna-
ioms with enormous reverence, because we know that
ése ancestors were able to gain wisdom that we have
t been unable to uncover.

Now, honoring elders isa bit different than hon-
rinig ancestors, but we hold to that almost as-stri-

: Stargazers, it is accepted wisdom that
sense of duty than you, and as
; suunfathomable experience.
is accorded. Of course, in the Beast Courts,
o expected to deliver such honor to the elders
s well. lfonly they'd give us the same modicum
spect, then perhaps it would bea little easier to
quish such honor, but I dare not speak more of this
bject for fear of prattling about trivial topics.

Cr0or fille Faget nttle jhte SES PUtHE

Of course, this one's reasoning is evident: Though

‘shouldn't it say, "Honor all pacts?" If onemakes a pact,

doesn't that burden you with the duty of not dishonor-
ing it? Why only with spirits?

Tknow, I know, you yourself are spirits, as Li of the
Iron Crutch explained in his appéal to me to explicate
the Mandates. Ido not mean to demean! Let it be said
that the Stargazers know the spirits and the spirit world
far better than the other tribes..Put that in your Jade
Record,-will you?. We have tiptoed and pirouetted
among the very stars themselves, spoken to the gods
living in the bellies of the many realms and planets,
and have a vast spider-web of oaths with countless
luminous-~ beings such..as yourselves! "Together,.the
spirits and the Stargazers have forged many compacts,
and we will continue to do so until we expiré from this
Age. Which, of course, I fear is painfully soon.

LU Nox Chaerr / tupac por PSEA
Absolutely true. The Changing Blood that runs
hot in our veins‘is.a balance of beast and man,so we are

\ is

not meant to war with either. After all, didn't T'ai-
Shen make men and animals out of the very clay body
of Gaia? We are all-one, plain-and simple: This is
almost an extension of the Mandaté that states that we
should have mercy; isn't it? Stargazers do not déstroy
humans or animals: We teach, we enlighten, we shep-
herd both to an. understanding of suffering, but we
never war against them. It's counterproductive and
only burdens Gaia further.

However, others aren't so clear‘on this notion, are
they? The tribes of Garou ignore this concept like the
elephant in the room: Those Red Talons alone couldn't
even speak this Mandate without gagging (and in fact
lhear vicious rumor that they partake of human flesh)!
Sadly, the Garou Nation isn't the only betrayer of this
cause some of the Beast Courts have made haste to
ignore this, as well.-Faced with extinction the Khan
have begun their wars, and the Tengu are so openly
involved with humans that it's impossible for them to
have moderation in this regard.-I fear for us all, for
when the humans learn of us (and they may yet do so),
they could shake us from Gaia's flesh like water drops
from. fingertips.

Lot Ne One 0" NEA!
lies tle Sacred Facer

This "is an inviolable principle. It cannot be
argued. Our sacred places are Gaia's eyes, ears,-and
heart..At these places we commune with our mother,
find tranquility and wisdom to-bolster our dury..1
believe that when these places fall, it's one more nail
in the coffin of the Wheel, and it begins spinning all
the more erratically with évery place lost ro us. We
must protect them...

vi.as Shigalu should've béen protected. Oh, don't
misunderstand me, spirits! We Stargazers did our
part. We're not to blame. Other hengeyokai and secret
spirits have reported to-me grave tidings, and these
whispets say that the Wyrm troops that destroyed the
sept and caern were shepherded in some small part by
Garou of the Shadow Lords and Silver Fangs! Pride-
ful,-corrupted beasts! Where were they in helping
protect the Snow Leopard Caern?.Doesn't one of
their own lines of Litany tell them to keep all of
Gaia's places safe? Pfeh! Look to the Western Garou,
and see how they battle over the sacred spots instead
of communing t6 save and protect them. Note how
many hearts of Gaia have stopped beating (or now
beat only for the Great Centipede) because they have
been: too concerned with infighting and issues of
inconsequential glory. There you'll seé that there isa
true poison at work in the Garou Nation: The Courts
of the hengeyokai stand by their homes and their

sacred places, and will continue to for as long as we
breathe. This duty is paramount.

Broun pore l Ure

Geng Khai is one of oir tribe who has done much
traveling in his ime with Gaia; he and the ancestors within
him have made -great journeys over many years, and
because of that, he has much to tell about the world. I have
been to a few places myself, but I am not nearly as qualified
as Geng Khai (whose name, though he will not tell you this,
means "Clever Egg"): Listen now; as 1 speak his voice to
you, telling you of the world viewed through Stargazer eyes:

Hello, puen. Youspirits are my friends; are younot?
Then I call you puen.

So, you warit to héar about the nations and places
of man through the words of one of our kind? And that
"one of our kind" is me? Excellent. lama brilliant tour
guide. .I-was just saying that the other day to' my
mentor; atiger-man called Koi.I said to him, "Koi, lam
a brilliant tour guide," and he had no choice but to
agree. Let's begin.

Fa Cosson Fevanghé

Pil start here first, bécause this isnot only where I
arn from, but also where I have spent much of my time.
l-was born in Thailand, in a bug-speck collection of
shacks called Bin Hin Taek, or the "cracked rock
village." Later, when I became what I was and who I
was, 1 had a new home, the Sept of the Songkran
Maiden, a caern. buried deép in the heart of beautiful
caves in the Thoed Thai valley. (The Songkran is the
time when the sun moves from one star sign into the
next; the caern was awakened on one of the Maya
Songkran, or the great day when the sun moves into the
new year... The "maiden" -of the Songkran-was the
founder of our sept over a thousand years ago, a
beautiful Stargazer queen called Heavens-Falling who
would make great strides inthe early alliances with the
Changing Bloods of the' Beast Courts.. But here T
digress, something you'll find I do easily.)

We were a-sept of strong warriors and curious
questioners.. There could be no other way, for living in
the Golden Triangle was like setting up camp on the
front lines of the battlefield. Here the Wyrm has staked
much ground, and squirms around in: the very soil.
Why is itso dangerous here? Let me explain.

The Golden Triangle is a wild, untamed area that
surrounds the nexus point where the corners of Burma,
Thailand, and Laos meet. It is in this area that some
three-quarters of rhe opium is grown for the world's
heroin. It is a _ place of mercenaries, drug armies, and
total lawlessness hidden deep in:the dark shadows of
the jungle.-Here poor farmers work their knuckles to

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 47

a EE TNS

t

the bloody bone to produce the poppy plants that fuel
the drug trade, because why grow tomatoes or tobacco
when the opium crop brings in ten times the money?
Not to mention ten times the addictive properties; if I
had 100 bhat for every time 1 met a peasant farmer who
was hooked on opium, I would be a very rich fellow,
you see? And if it's not heroin, it's ya ba, the "mad pill,"
otherwise known as methamphetamines.

Worse still; much of these illicit narcotic trade is
marshaled by an ancient demon who sleeps ina statue
of a black dragon: They call him Zhang Sa, and I have
encountered (and destroyed) his minions many times.
They are festering creatures, only half-living, and the
stench. of the W/yrm.comes off of them in putrid waves.

Some say it isthe corrupted presence of thisdemon
that caused the loss of our bear brothers in the region.
These bearmen. were once great keepers of secret
wisdom known as the Wa Brothérhood:. They were
local tribesmen who passed down ancient lore through
whisper and song. But a century ago, which many say
coincided with the arrival of the black dragon statue
that houses Zhang Sa, the Wa Brotherhood underwent
a terrible change. Legend says they were made to walk
the spiral and made into ghastly Demon Bears. ve
seen them, stalking like shadows in the deep marsh at
the very edge of the valley, mud dripping from their
diseased hides. Those who have ericountered them say
that they no longer keep great wisdom, and in fact are
unable to remember even what happened the day
before. Even stranger, they have apparently divided
themselves into two "ideological" camps, if you'can
dare to call ‘them that! One camp kills humans and
takes their heads, but prefers to have them-fresh, or
"wet." The other camp cuts of heads, but likes to leave
them in the sun to turn them "dry." These "wet heads"
and "dry heads" battle agairist. one another day after
day. It issad how far the Wa Brotherhood has fallen.

Other problems persist in my volatile: home=-
land. -In. Burma..(now Myanmar), bad companies
come to-milk Gaia-dry of her resources: Trees fall,
the rivers run slick with arteries of oil, the beautiful
eggshell sky grows dark with choking fumes. And
the men that come with these companies exploit
the villagers, sometimes raping them or evén mur-
dering them for no reason. at all. It was one-of these
evil companies that, fifteen years ago, destroyed our
sept and closed off access to our caern's heart with
thunderous detonations.

You may think this put my spirit down, that it
defeated me. Or instead, it enraged me and pushed me
to great violence. It did not. My hope and belief in all
things good never waned. We have a saying, and I say
this daily to my departed brothers and my still-living

48 Sfargazers

OLE EE ET i LL LS LSS

friends. Isay, Phu Chi Fah, or "the mountain always
points to the sky." I have always believed that good
things will come, even through the bad. And it was
proven, for the sept grows again. Many old friends (and
many new fellows 1 have never even met) have re-
claimed the area and are making great strides in uncov-
ering the lost heart of Songkran. And itisno longer just
Stargazers, it is many different warriors from all of the
Changing Blood. Phu Chi Fah!

Agta

IT went to the Land of the Rising Sun not long after
I fled the Golden ‘Triangle. I traveled there looking for
one of the CEOs of the bad company that was poison-
ing my home. He was aman named Hideo Issunaki,
and his stuffy black business suit contained more than
the €ye could see. He had offered himself to the Great
Corrupter; and had been granted terrible powers. I was
too young to fight him, but fight him I did.. We-ended
up in the elevator shaft at the Landmark Tower in
Yokohama. Don't ask me how. It was a terrible battle,
he battered me with claws and a sucking tongue like a
mosquito's mouth, and the whole. time these' mal-
formed spirit spiders kept crawling out of the pipes and
vents to bite big chunks out of my hide.

Did you know the Landmark Tower has the world's
fastest elevator? It does. The same one that crushed Hideo
Issunaki and lost me my left hand..It came rocketing
downward and I tried to escape by bursting through the
closed doors, and I almost made it. But the dark-hearted
monster caught my hand in his own and pulled me back
at the last second. My hand is gone. I've never been able
to regrow it. Was it because his poison claws had dug into
my wrist just before I lost it? I cannot say.

These things, they happen. Hideo was déstroyéd,
that is the important part..But since then,.in my
mext two-decades of living, I have been. back to
Japan many times. . wel ies

Few have been able to convince trie that Japan is
the wonderful place many say it is. Ir has its beauty, to
be sure. But it isa broken land, an island adrift from the
rest of the world.-If I had to define it? I would say that
Japan is the bastard son of both the Queen Spider and
the Great Corrupter, for the Weaver and Wyrm have
come together in terrible marriage in that country:
How so? Those who have been there know-what.I
speak of, and those who haven't look at me funny and
say, but they are nature-lovers!

Theré is no nature in Japan: Gaia's presence has
been captured,.contained, choked into non-existence.
Cement and concrete are the dominant spirits,-and
they have made alliances -with specters of glass and
steel, plastic and electricity. But where are the cherry

\ ws

blossom trees, the red cedars, the beautiful conifer
forests and rare mushrooms? Only in the paintings and
poetry, I'm afraid. Japan even helps to destroy the
rainforest timber in Malaysia and, as I painfully have
learned, Burma and Thailand. Japan has no conscious-
ness, no connection to the global spirit. They are worse
than any in the West when it comes to raping precious
Gaia. The rivers have dozens of dams, the whales are
hunted, the ocean grows thick with pollution. It is
even said that the photochemical smog in Tokyo has
begun to take on a low level of consciousness, and has
begun to act in predatory ways. I fear if this strange
rumor is true.

Japan is one of the planet's most seismically active
places in the world. The earthquakes that happen
there are a sign that Gaia is hurting. She shudders like
a flea-bitten dog, hoping to shake off the parasites that
bite her flesh. And what can IJ say? She is right.

‘There are some allies of mine in Japan. What few
Stargazers are active in Japan live mostly among the
slim native population of the Ainu, following their
finicky, strange totem, the Wise Otter. (They tell a
funny story about how Otter is responsible for the
imperfections of all Garoukind. It is said that when
Luna was molding the Garou out of the cosmic matter
of time and space, she was called away onan important
errand. She called upon nearby Otter to finish the job,

Se sence ers en rere seen Ee : ee

giving the animal explicit instructions on how to
finish. But Otter decided first to finish fishing in the
cosmic river, and then he decided to sun himself while
laying in a basket of stars, and after awhile, he forgot
entirely about finishing the Garou, and by then it was
too late. Thus, we are an unfinished creature, and
Otter finds this very, very funny.) Also, one must not
ignore the Courts of the Nine-Tails. The Fox-Chang-
ers hold great dominion there, and have codified a
great book of rules, protocol, and procedure for the
courts in Japan. If you want further explanations, I
recommend you visit Hari Snowprint, the resident
Kitsune "guide." She lives up near the Ainu, actually,
on the northernmost tip of the Hokkaido Island.

One more note on our allies there: the Hakken are
not among them. They have turned their back on the
Western Nation, as have many of our own tribe, but
they do little to distinguish themselves otherwise.
Many of our tribe consider them friends; I do not. They
remain haughty and manipulative, and they are ca-
pable of bending honor to serve their whims whenever
it suits them. Beware of them, and never play games
with these arrogant gengli.

fea

Saying that "Yes, China is this," or "No, China is not
that" is not so simple. It's as impossible as making a


single judgment on all people, all Garou, or even all
Stargazers. It is myriad in its possibility. And, have you
looked at amap recently? Very big place, China. China
has 22. different provinces, 5 autonomous regions, 4
municipalities, all covering an area of about nine-and-
a-half million square miles. Inside its borders, China
has over 1.2 billion men and women living in its belly,
one-sixth of the world's total population. She is not so
easily categorized; China defies description: But 1 am
brave; stubborn,.and foolish; so I will try.

Out of all the places in -the world, there are more
Stargazers in.China than-anywhere .else- Some .are
refugees from Tibet, but many were born in China and
remain there today, living among the many Beast Courts.
Others have come from the West, knowing that they
will find little in Tibet: There are many of us there, and
many sacred places that mean much to our tribe.

One of them is Songgao Mountain. This is where
the greatest of our moots is held once a year, not long
after the true new year. Only Stargazers are encouraged
to attend; the other shapechangers and other Garou
aren't welcome. Here, at the summit of this mountain,
we engage in the telling of myths and legends, we air
grievances, and sometimes we war with tooth and claw
to solve disagreements: But such physical fights are
rare —- instead, many of the arguments are solved
through great periods of gaming. We challenge one
another openly with complex games, some unearthed
from--antiquity,--others..from. the Weaver's modern
cradle. We play such games there, using our wits and
logic to undo the clever puzzles laid before us. There is
also another strange story about Songgao Mountain.
At the gathering point;-there is a rock shaped like a
sleeping dragon, and it's said that if all of our living
tribe members wére to gather at that spot during our
great moot, then the rock would split in two! And from
the center of the rock would be a child, a Stargazer
metis but without disfigurement. And all metis from
that point on would be cured of their deformities: It's
a nice story.

Another place held dear to our tribe is the cham-
bers beneath the White Dragon Temple in the Jiangsu
Province. It is there, they say, that a wise Stargazer who
lived in a‘shack on-Dongting Lake came one day to
teach the Garou monks there the secrets of moving
with the wind. This altered form. of Tai Chi took into
account the body of the shapechanging Stargazers, and
used that ability among our other natural skills to craft
a new martial form..That old Stargazer was Kai Lin,
they say. There, in the chambers below the termple, the
tapestries still hang that-are the treatises on the art of
Kailindo.-Many still train there today,.for that is the
center of learning such an art.

50 Stargazers

LEE eT in ET LT EA

The last place 1 will tell you about is not so much
a good place, but a place that all Stargazers should go.
The Moon Peach Orchard, not far from the Forbidden
City, was once our strongest caern in China- Hundreds
of years ago, however, the Stargazers there grew com-
placent. They made many deals with the men of the
Forbidden City, and spent many nights with mortal
men-in the Halls of Supreme Harmony, growing fat
and happy on food, song, and wine..One night, on the
winter solstice, they returned to their caern. only to
meet an attack by a band of bewitched outlaws, .pos-
sessed by the spirit of Kung-Kung the Corrupter..And
with them was an ancient: dragon,.maddened with
taint, and this dragon king (called Ao Guang) and the
servitors of Kung-Kung murdered all the Stargazers
there, and then consumed the totem spirit. The caern
is dead now; a grove of blackened, yet somehow still-
living peach trees. They still bear fruit, but the peaches
are bitter and make men-sick.. Odd,. that peaches
symbolize long ‘life,.eh? Stargazers may go there to
meditate on what it means to lead a moderate life, and
how vital it is to protect our holy places. If a Stargazer
there enters the Mirror Lands, he will be assailed by the
harrying spirits of the Garou that died there, for their
souls were not allowed.to pass on as a message to our
tribe: It is a terrible place, full of fear and gloom. All
should go there.. Those who refuse are weak.

There is oné more thing worthy of note about
China, something that 1, Geng Khai, believe will be
written in our record with blood in the coming years.
They say a great-demon has awakened in China,
crawling out of sleep once more. They call this beast
Kaoru-Shinji- His motivations are unclear, but it is
said that already he calls his Wyrm-fouled cultists back
into his open arms. But I can smell his needs on the
wind. The End of the World will truly begin here, in
China. That is what the demon wants. He wants to
foster Gaia's final breath. This is where the Apoca-
lypse rises, like a stinking red tide.

SMe

Tibet is a slave. Once our homeland, now what is
it but a soul squeezed in the grip of a tyrant? China does
terrible things to little Tibet. Its people suffer. They are
tortured. Made to toil in work camps. Murdered, their
bodies burned or hidden in the mountain passes.

I know I should say more about this place so holy
to us, but what is there to-say? We have been exiled.
Shigalu is dead. Some of our tribe try to take the land
back. Some camps attack with the-intention of un-
shackling Tibet's sad heart. But the Chinese there,
they call our. attacks ."terrorism." And they bring
reprisals back upon our people. We take action, and
the Tibetans suffer for it. The backlash is unforgivable.


We need an army. There are those on our side who
work toward this end, but it is not so-easy..Soon,
perhaps. Soon we'll go home. And when we-do,- our
tribe shall find new life again: We will make new roots
and all will witness our glorious rebirth.

Sa
Fe

Poor litrleé Korea. The North is led by a madman oe : EN Y EN
who starves and tortures the people, and they're ready , ‘ ET OG WW.
to invade the South at a moment's notice! And so the pw ne
South — easily more civilized but still short of the ;
standards of peace and civilization we all seek in this
world —— is beholden to their violent,-chaotic neigh-
bors. It-is a scary place to be. :
Scarier is the fact that there are'*two groups of our
own tribe who are in their own strange little battle, one ih
not delimited by borders or politics. See, once upon a py
time, in ancient Korea, the Stargazers were closely er ip: j "
woven in with the growing society. W/e never showed , AYA
our true selves,-never revealed our forms, but the
people wére aware of our magic..Even today, there are
still people in the Koreas that will come to our tribe
members seeking wisdom or divination.

But sometime over the last hundred years, a rift
developed. There are two groups, now -—~ the Naerim
Mudang and the Tangol Mudang. The first group are
traveling shamans. They go to and fro-and offer guid-
ance and help to those who need it. But the Tangol
Mudang are sedentary, and moreover, consider them-
selves "true-blooded." "They claim. lineage back to
Klaital,and this argument of pure linéage makes them
look down on the others with disdain. It is a terrible
separation, and makes us look like petty Silver Fangs!
Their "war" rarely becomes violent, but instead is more
a "shadow war," always oné-upping one another, al-
ways sabotaging homes and allies and friends. Disturb-
ing, lsay. Neither camp is puen to me.

Saale -

Why is it that nobody thinks we have a strong
présence within India? Are people so stupid to believe
that if a Garou doesn't have slanted eyes and doesn't
know martial arts that he couldn't possibly be-a Star-
gazetr? Pfeh! Our tribe still holds its own in India, even
after so much. loss.. There are even many within our
tribe that believe we come not from Tibet or China,
but were born in the Indus Valley thousands of years
ago! "Not powerful in India," hah. Fools.

India is actually home-to two-of our strongést
remaining caerns..The first exists-in. the catacombs
deep in. the bowels below Calcutta. They call ic the
"Mystic Crux," but DPve-heard vit .referred to by a
hundred different names, including the "Echo Cham-
ber" and the "Channel of Voices." Half a-millennia


ago, these maze-like tunnels below the city swarmed
with the servitorsof an ancient Bane called Dagon, but
a band of warriors from our tribe attacked relentlessly
over a period of decades. Finally they ousted the enemy
and cleansed the area-and took it for their own, but
over time they noticed strange things about their
newfound home. First was the strange machinery that
lay scattered about ——~ stone gears cracked and worn,
bell-shaped weights stained with blood, and so on:
Second was the rise and fall of the fluctuating hum-
ming. The walls:and ground seemed to hum — and
almost speak. The Garou there soon learned that ifone
meditated on this humming and tried to find the voice
behind it, they could uncover lost secrets about the
past and future. Over the years, many of our tribe (and
others) have.made pilgrimages to this. caern im an
attempt to truly decipher the voices, but only few find
themselves able.

The second is a library tucked away in the moun-
tain range that separates India from Pakistan...This
caern has not been so fortunate asthe latter. While the
caern remains undiscovered due to the great lengths to
magically veil it from prying eyes, it is still in an area
that sees much warfare. But there is a worse thing that
has happened in the past few years ; since 1999, as I
understand it. See, the library was founded by aksatriya
Stargazer who was the keeper of many of our ancient
scrolls and records, but was dying. He knew he would
not make it over the mountains,-"so he-decided that
there he would die and that his soul would call to
others to come there. But a.group of horrible spirits
would not let him rest —— these spirits, called Dakinis,
were terrible harpies with an exacting thirst for cru-
elty! They are fearsome and ugly —— their faces are like
skulls, great spears of white light come from their eye
sockets, and their boriy shoulders are draped with the
entrails-of the innocent. They rode on the backs of
undead tigers and giant vultures, and they attacked the
poor ksatriya: But he was not deterred, and spent the
last of his life ona ritual that bound the Dakinis to
protect our ancient writings: And so, his soul called out
to other Stargazers who came and built a library there
after finding that his scrolls were fiercely defended by
this monstrous spitits.

Unfortunately,.a few years ago, something hap-
penéd in the region, something terrible. Ir awakened
much evil all across the land, and in those mountain
ranges, it broke whatever grim spell held the Dakini
spirits tothe library. They fled, gibbering and cackling,
and now they are free. From time to time they mount
attacks on the caern, and those attacks: grow more
fearsome with each attempt: It is a-terrible thing. If

52 Stargazers

LEE Le LT TT LL A

only one could find the ritual that the ksatriya uséd,
perhaps they could again be fetrered?

Cfitfed Stayer

Most of us come from China and India: Many of
our tribe are born in those places and stay in those
places. But there is another place that houses many of
our kind by birth'and by choice, and.that -place is
America.

Even after the homecoming, even after the decree
came down from-on high that weno longer belonged
with the other Garou, the United States still remainsa
place that holds many ofour tribe. Some live in the areas
of the big cities dedicated to our kin, like Chinatown or
Little India or whatever it's called, wherever it ise Others
take advantage of the wide-open ‘spaces that America
(or its neighbor, Canada) has to offer. There is even a
temaining Stargazer caern of some prominence left
there. Out in the province called Colorado, there isa
network of old closed-down silver mines. These mines
were worked upon over a hundred years ago by thou-
sands of Chinese laborers, and even today many of their
ancestors stilllive in the area. And these mines are more
than they seem, sol'm told! It's said that deep in the dark
Umbral bowels of the mine live a cadre of little spirits —
relatives of our own totem —- who know the history of
the world from Day First to Day Last. They orbit around
the caern's heart, and for the right price they will tell
snippets of what they know. Our tribe watches. over
these spirits to make sure they don't fall into the wrong
hands... We are aided by the local Uktena in the area,
who .ate also adept at understanding the Emerald
Mother's greatest mysteries.

We have much work to do in America; I believe.
No matter what the decree has said, the East and West
are not separate in the eyes of our Mother, are they?
No, they are equal, they are balanced, and we must
view them the same way. America is a place of great
freedom,.yes.-If you ‘travel the -cities' and villages of
Bangladesh, you will find death and plague and bodies
stacked high: Nobody is free to live as they would
choose, but in America? All are free to follow life as
they choose it, for good or ill. But that freedom also
brings potential for great imbalancé, for all are free to
choose that as well. This extreme freedom is a terrible
breeding pit for the influence of the Wyrm, who lives
there perhaps more than anywhere else:

And so duty keeps many Stargazers*in America.
We have kin there, and we have duty there. Those still
in America recognize that we all must attend to our
tasks with strong dedication, or we will fail. America is
a battleground, and there we still fight.


R |

Lyrote

We prow scarce inthis land of Europe..Do some of
us still stay there? Of course. But it isa big place and we
are small in number,so commonsense will tell you that
finding one of our kind there-is a "needle-in-a-hay-
stack" situation, you see?

Part of this is because the few caérns we held there
are now gone. The Mother's Question caern that we
held on Mount Snowden in Wales was abandoned and
left to the local Fianna. Garou. The caern called
Whitecliffe was one we shared with the local Black
Furies on the Greek isle of Santorini, but the Wyrm
caught scént of the stock of secret fetishes stockpiled
there. Soon the place was overrun. with Black Spiral
Dancers and corrupted men; and it crumpled like a
paper cup. The. last of cur European caerns was one
very tiny one-on the outskirts of thé Black Forest in
Germany. The caern was a unique phenomenon, once
I have not seen before Gr since. . The powerful heart
actually moved. It would never be in one place for more
than a week, usually no more than a-single night.-It
would appear as a bubbling-stream one day, or-an
ancient tree the next..A-single Stargazer pack, the
Pack of the Chimera's Eye, tracked and protected this
caern (which was called, obviously; Chimera's Eye).
Another amazing thing is that the Black Forest is
brimming with the Get of Fenris, but they never know
the Chimera's..Evye .existed.. Not once! Ha ha! They
couldn't take a moment to pull their dog heads ‘out of
the ground toscent out that strange energy that waxed
and waned from place to place. Oh, they came close
from what I understand, but never: succeeded. Either
way, it doesn't matter now. There was a battle in the
forest, a powerful Black Spiral Dancer fought the Get
withan ancient weapon called Wyrmblade. This tainted
weapon. was destroyed, but it~-drank deep of many
Garou's life, and while the shell was destroyed, the
spirit of the weapon was not because the Get handling
it were impatient and untrained. And now the spirit
has defiled the forest, and like that, the Chimera's Eye
no longer winked..It went away and: could not be
found. After a year of searching for it, the pack left the
Black Forest and went to join the Beast Courts.

And so with no caerns and no great need to speak
of, most of our kind has left or is leaving Europe. As I
said, many still live there —— but those who do tend to
be of a rare sort who chooses to live in the cities (after
all, Europe has all but decimated its Wyld areas), and
wouldn't fare well ‘anywhere else.

Yeon

There are few places that I, Geng Khai, have nevér

been to, but sadly, Africa is one of them.-You'd think

lwould have been, yes? [have many friends among the
Silent Striders,-and some of these were even born in
varying parts of Africa. So why have I-not gone? I
cannot say..Perhaps it is fear.. The one thing ‘that
everyone feats most of all is the unknown, and if one
place is unknown to me, it is Africa. Still, there are
things I hear and things I know about this so-called
dark continent, so ] will tell you of our place there.

In Namibia, there is a satellite Beast Court run by
one of our own, a metis Garou called Falling-Sky. He
claims, as I understand, that his blood goes back almost
two hundred years, when a group of Nguni tribesman
helped to liberate a small group of Chinese slaves from
their French masters..Falling-Sky is something of a
radical. The environment needs release from the ter-
tible coils of the Wyrm, this I know and agree with. But
Falling-Sky and his furious sentai attack~men and
villages mercilessly, seeking to remove the poisons
from the Emerald Mother's own chakra points..He
murders in-the name of justice... He murders inthe
name of our tribe. It disgusts me.

The Crabea

The Mirror Lands! Ah: Release. 1 have been near
and far in this grandest of places..I have stalked the
empty halls of the Jade Emperor's primordial palace. I
have outwitted void-spirits.on the silvery rings of
Saturn. I have gone into thé heart of Chimera itself
and come out with secrets that szill lie buried.in the
deep red chambers of my heart!

We Stargazers have an-intimate relationship
with the Umbra. I know what you're going to say —
don't all of the Garou. havea special.relationship
with the Mirror Lands? Of -course..It. would be
ignorant to suggest otherwise, and you may trust
that lam anything but ignorant. But the Stargazers
have a-unique bond with the Umbra: Why is this?
There are many reasons. 97

First is that the Umbra is a place of mystery. In the
Tellurian, the ground and matter and the-rules and
laws of science have become impenetrable except bya
rare few. Reality, the Weaver, has taken a.steel grip
there and will not relinquish it! But in the Umbra?
Things are not so firm. The farther out you go, the less
certain everything becomes.-And that is where ‘our
tribe flourishes: Among us are some of the greatest
minds, able to undo the toughest knots and solve the
most ancient of riddles. Many of us govery deep to find
not only answers, but new questions as well. We speak
to spirits that have no earthly representation except in
the form of ideas or truths. We find some solutions, but
always come away with néw ambiguities. This is the
way we like it!

53

NT


Second is that, the stars we gaze upon nightly?
How would one get to those stars, exactly? Through
the Umbra, of course. We look to the Heavens to
find balance, tranquility, and truth. But sometimes
this is not enough. So we must take the next step
and go to the Heavens. It is an uncharted place by
no tribe except our own. Others are afraid to hunt
those wide-open spaces, but such emptiness does
not scare us. We are used to emptiness. For empti-
ness is a balance of all things.

And balance is the third reason that we have
fostered a powerful link to the Mirror Lands. Once,
the spirit world and the real world were linked
together, bound as one much as the separate parts of
our bodies are held together. But imagine if your
head suddenly grew separate from your shoulders?
Or, even more appropriately, picture what happens
when your soul and your flesh are no longer one?
‘The flesh becomes weak and the soul becomes lost.
This is what has happened to Gaia. It is one of the
dearest, darkest of imbalances. One that in our
heart of hearts we wish to challenge and change.

So, yes. The Umbra! A dangerous place thick
with wisdom. You'll find us there. You'll see our
cubs going on their Rites of Passage in the bottom-
less places in the Mirror Lands. You'll see many of
our elders guiding other Garou through the laby-
rinths, because only we know the way. Then,
when you look the other way? Haha! We are gone,
once more.

SFTLCOLGLLS
The Srila

Michael Walks-on-Ashes is one of our American
tribe brothers. A few years,age, Michael traveled to the
Middle Kingdom to prese; 2 mortal remains of his

that way. One witho he other only makes a half,
and a half isn't wort damn in the coming days.

I don't mean to sully them. The Furies are good
at what they do. They are wise and well-versed in
the ways of war. But they have purposely createda


han

"BE poor in. li
smoney means

one-sidedness among themselves, deliberately choos-
ing imbalance: Maybe there's wisdom there thati can't
understand, but in my mind, it sounds like favoritism
and near-bigotry. In these times, we need all the help
we can get.
SORE Cinanery
Everything in thissv6
old masters would s;
stands this precept
Confucius said.ser 1

sufferingyas many of our

in ritual, in understar
are richy when it's understodd. that w

Always trust those .on the lowest rung. "of the
ladder: They've lost everything, or in the case of the
Bone Gnawers, willingly sacrificed. They have noth-
ing left but the perfection of their own wisdom. (Well,
and sometimes a bad smell; batch of fleas; but such
is the price of knowledge 1 :

ile of Ca

It concerns

that they consider thérmselves the
favored. childre f the Emerald Mother, but their
heart is-very mauich in the right place: ve heard other
Garou talk abou pis tribe, and they always speak so
disrnissively,- lik doves and
hippies that, does
truth be tole n

bound to the ways of moderat on anid balance more
than they probably thitik. ws
It's dismissive to say "always trust a Gaian,"

as Pveé
er with weird

: plement one
nd better packrnates.

meta few who were a little offth
ideas, but‘ultimately, our two"
another. They make good trie

Fypernacar ;

They distract the : stantly fromany kind
ytitne one of
gage in some
revelry, debauchery, and hedo-
odbye, enlightenment. They know
know much hate, as well..This

surely isn't the Mi
If I'm telling yo :
down in the ancient sp

Se eee ees en re sen Ee Se me

OP Of Fert lt

Iomet a Ger one time veling through
: sa Stargazer, andhe
sort of Euro-

soueh I
b

luctance. He pu up a
a good fight," I mean
brown paper bag." After
taught him. some good

good fight. And
"got his ass hand

in-strange orbit

Cant PUnkers

Many of our tribe
supreme enemy, and t
Idon't agree, persona

ishentity, and one that
othering the world in its
static fein

Assuch,; the GL
They have such relii
wonder How lo
Some must be alread:
bury Weaver fetis
need to be carr
rejecting We
because of the st
recommend de

Rad Titone

If there is a tribe that is
extinction than we are, l wages

5 tend to make mé wary.
) technology, I can only
ey're corrupted.
rou vé'seen the ones that
r own flesh? All things
um. Tdon't recommend
ools out of hand just
aker,-but I also don't
em,yeither. The Glass

than ours, it seems.

Scill,. this' :
admiration. Thi ve. They still do their duty.
Some aré even re etodeal with. But just in case,
bring every cals ing fetish and gift in. your arsenal,

because even wristwatch can get you killed.

SBA epy Loreal

This tribe isa clearexample of one apple spoiling
the applesauce. In this case, it's a whole lot of apples,
sure, but I find the metaphor still holds. There are-a
great many Shadow Lords who are little more than
werewolves with Napoleon complexes. They feel they

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 55


nd yet they are always treated
two brothers: Unfortu-

have 4 right to rule
second, like, the y
nately, this re

honor,., who .are
bat they may

their ways are' > honorable, their temets ee pealing be-
cause they strive for perfection and balance as we do
(though often. in differing ways). ve known quite a
few, and trusted ninety-nine percent of them. Can't
necessarily say the same for Western Shadow Lords,
but remember what I said about the bad apples?

Sitter Frid

Again, let's-ralk Confucius. He said, "The good
mar doesn't grieve that others do not recognize his
merits. His only anxiety is lest hé should fail to recog-
nize theirs." That's the Silver Fangs, in my mind. Their

m being too harsh. If the Fanée' were to
learn humility and attempt to achieve some perfection
of wisdom instead of assuming that they already had it,
then I think they would truly deserve the mantle of
leader. But as-of now... I have-sincere doubts of their
tight to rule.

Sieret Soe: Pot

probably the wrong person t to give an opinion

: P
and they Jenow our place upon it: They travel, like we
do; and many are solitary, much as we are. There is
obviously great debt dragging upom their souls, but
who am. |-to say that we don't bear a similar or even
deeper debt? So far; 've found few I couldn't trust, and
none that didn't show up just when they were needed.
Thear one of them was at Shigalu when it fell, fighting
side-by-side with our own:

Ldon't know what else to say about them: Maybe
they should be more rooted, more focused?.Maybe
they should try to integrate themselves better in the
Garou Nation (which is advice we Stargazers soundly

56 Sfargazers

OLE LT LT OL LY A Ts

other: They'r

rejected).. Whatever their preblems, Vll-stand by
this tribe.

CHE z0

The' Uke
adherence to extr
Ever sit in a-sweat

Y ar ee ‘and
e together well enough to

mind simply won't coord
pass along the informe

: As bizarre as they are,
gicians like this world has
never seen. ve seen deny themselves and -en-
gage in such asceticis at would make the Dalai
Lama feel shame. They're powerful... And -unfortu-
nately d

they aré mystics and

master their Rage as many of us have: We use it asa
carving knife: They use it asa hammer.

TV fee Pera

Ihate to have to speak for the whole tribe about
these —— or any —< of the other shapechangers, but I
suppose I can give it as straight as I'm able.

EASES

The Bastet. They have a particular nobility about
them, and I don't specifically mistrust them. But you
T tO you, not going to
m'teven listen to each

listen to reason; and pro

ticularly like
less of how o

‘The best way I-can'sum thet up: The werecats
are not out to hurt us. They're also not out to help us.

ticed that their totem, the


ee see es an ee ES ee

They deserve respect, and we will give them that
whenever possible. Orherwise,.I stand aside and let
them do their work:

elcome. pace from
umor, though -often

wereravens [ve met
most Garou- Their
morbid, have had
than one .occasio enough for me..Too

to laugh. When that

jey don't act particularly different.
at more high-strung and better orga-
y much: The one thing I can say for
both the Eastern and
know, or are able to fi

one ofaslightly
the last. They

feel confident of the
uncertain when th

ete

An old fri nd of mine, Deep Sky, was quite the
collector of treasures. He had a simple paper fan,-and
a wind of the mountain ‘spirit,

(no matter how gently),

en our © poals 6 are e aligned, but
re not.

and when. he
he .could
enemies.
Tail.

Aichi, a

the ground on more wx. P

the fan back. A day and a half later, Deep Sky re-
emerged from the bowels of Shanghai and returned to
the light —~and the moment the fan hit the sun, it
turned toa bundle of straw held together with mashed-
up rat feces. Ratkin are good at what they do, and what
they do best is remain completely untrustworthy.

ZLCnG L111
Wise, slow,and deliberate are the Dragons. Long
ago, for my teacher, I had go to. them for informa-

e information
ack to my teacher, hed
he already knew what I had learned. When laske

im
why he sent me'to speak to them, he smiled and that
it was a "lesson in patience." That it was.

VR CY¥lCrL
lanier

Tve heard thar there are two divergent types of
vampire, that the blood-drinking monsters in places
like China and Japan. y eir Western broth-
ers. Is that true? Ma: in the States
and vampires i di

mimicking humans? Is there something there that
keeps their dead souls from toppling over the edge?In
the end, be wary of them regardless. Just because their
Wyrm .stench. doesn't make you double .over and
vomit doesn't mean that they're not monsters. They're
all deeply out of balance, no matter how you cut it.
Watch your back when you've got a vampire -— any
vampire —— nearby.

ChAapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 57

LL EY LEST

Mager

Thére are many names for these supposed beings.
Here in the U.-S.,-they're referted to simply as mages,
or .witches.- Overseas, you'll hear them called the
Namebreakers,..or in certain' circles, the Lightning
People. Rumor has it that they're humans (with all the
fallibilities and foibles that come with the name) that
have somehow captured great power. This varies from
the -ability to-change a one-dollar-bill into a-five-
dollar-bill....to the ability to make Mount Fuji vanish
into acloud of ice and dust. 've walked alongside a few,
but the only thing I learned is that you can't really
make judgments about them as a.group. Some are
nobler than any human D've met, and others have
hearts as black as the Wyrm's. There were a few I'd call
friends, but on the other hand...

David Koizumi lives in Oahu, and once was one of
the warders of the Caern of the Five Fishes ina grotto
off of the main island. David's in a terrible state, now;
his mind is pretty much lost to him. The story goes that
he met one of these "mages," a beautiful woman who
— over time — convinced David that she was secretly
an ancient Celestine come from the sky to choose him
to be her warrior. I don't know if it was some sort of
magic, or just her bewitching manner, but David let
her get very close to him. And very close to the caern.
One night he awoke to find the sacred cave under
attack by a small clutch of humans-with~-horrible
powers at their fingertips. David's mind was snapped
like a twig, and the spiritual heart of the caern was left
dry as-a marrow-sucked bone... The other Garou still
haven't been found to this day.

So be careful.

PLivifery

Our kind has long been hinted, and will continue
to be hunted for as long as we walk on Gaia's tender
flesh... We merely need to take wise steps and take a
cautious look around before crossing the street, so to
speak, and we'll continue to'avoid attention. I know
others who feel that humanis aren't any match for us..A
few of them are dead, now. Draw from that whatever
conclusions you'd like.

There's this weird rumor going around that some
hunters have gained powers to hurt us? Some-whis-
pered tale about an old lady grabbing and hefting a
Garou in-their war form? Other tales persist..One
young Theurge, who must've been mistaken, said that
in the spirit world, one of their bodiés wasnoncorporeal,
with two bright eyes staring ahead..One black -like
ebony; the other red like rubies. I can't say if this story
is true or not. Honestly, they sound like mages, to me.

58 Stfargazers

LEE Le Ts OT EY a

Whoever they are, if they don't bother you, then I
don't suggest bothering them.

LULL

In Japan, they have something called the "hungry
ghosts." So far, they're my only exposure to the realms
of the dead.:-Any other information beyond that is best
requested of a Silent Strider, for they are well-known
to be well-versed in the ways of the dead worlds.

Anyway, these "hungry ghosts" are spirits that are
somehow lost, confused, or otherwise wracked with
great sorrow. So they remain, wandering, occasionally
pestering family members or old acquaintances. I've
heard that some get mean. and play tricks, or are even
capable of hurting others. It's funny, though. There'sa
day in Japan called the Tide of the Returning Ghosts.
Boats stay in harbors on that night,.and it's said that
the god Emma-O calls home the ghosts, who crawl out
over the waves and disappear: And they do disappear.
Do they go to this Emma-©, who I've heard is secretly
a demon? I don't know, but speaking of demons...

Lt OES

Twas in Philadelphia's .Chinatown about two
months ago. 1 was seeing a man about a mystical jade
Ho Toy statue that had been stolen froma friend's altar
many years previous,.but the store was closed. And
then I felt it in the deep of my nose; like a pain behind
my eyes. The Wyrm was present. I tracked it down to
an alley that smelled of vomit and rotting garlic, and
there I still can't believe what saw there.

There was a woman lying ‘on her belly; pinned
down, her face pressed intoa murky, oily puddle. Atop
her sat something that was only vaguely human. It had
terrible wings, like a crow-changer,.but its face was
twisted, and it glowed with this coruséating corona of
bruised colors. Its jaw was oversized, unhinged like a
snake's,-and filled with jagged needle-teeth. It didn't
even notice me at first. It was screaming at the woman,
saying something like, "Now do you believe?" I changed
quickly and charged, knowing that there was only one
option that duty dictated. But the thing acted a split
second before I came upon. it; and it moved fast. It
threw meinto a dumpster. The strengthit possessed...!
I still can't believe-it.. We battled long and hard for
what' was probably minutes but felt somehow like
hours. The thing hurt me badly. But thankfully, I think
Thurt‘it just-a little bit worse..I1 was left in the alley,
bleeding from multiple bite wounds, and the last thing
Isaw was this awful beast taking flight and disappear-
ing up-over the lip of an.apartment building. I don't
know what it was. In the time it took me to recover (a
few days; those bite marks are still scars I can't get rid


of), I did some research. I found next to nothing. The
abomination looked like something out of myth..A
Japanese oni spirit, ora Judeo-Christian devil-figure. 1
don't know. But I hope someone finds out. I don't like
fomori who have learned to take the guise of major
mythological figures.

As a sidenote, the woman is fine.

tUntttng Lead

Surely, even the spirits have noticed that the dead
have suddenly begun to walk in. grave mumbers? It
seems like a recent enough phenomenon to warrant
some concern. For all of my life Pve never seen any,

and never heard of them existing outside of legend or
rare magical events, and then what happens? I see ten
in a matter of about two weeks. This was a couple years
ago. And I've seen plenty since. They're all over Asia,
actually, where they call them the Kuang Shi..I was
traveling in Seoul and found them shuffling around in
dark alleys, stealing food from the rack vendors. Not
really hurting anyone,.and they didn't overtly reek of
the Wyrm. But clearly it's asign of major imbalance in
this world. Something has broken. Just another sign
that the Age of Sorrow has truly opened its mouth to
swallow us all.

Chapter Two: The breath of Dying Orchids 59

> EY A Ce



Students of the Way of Strategy should train from the
start with the sword and long sword in either hand: This is
the truth: when you sacrifice your life; you must make
fullest use of your weaponry <It is false not todo soy, and it
is false to die with a weapon yet undrawn.

—- Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings

The Stargazers cannot be easily defined. Some are
masters of quiet contemplation, others are neophytes
hell-bent on restoring balance tothe world with tooth,
claw, and blade... Though. scattered, their focus-on
balance and harmony remains strong,-and most of
their Gifts, rituals, and abilities reflect this: The infor-
mation portrayed in this chapter is unique to the
Stargazer tribe, and any other Garou wishing to learn
any part of it will have great difficulty doing so (and
should only be allowed with Storyteller approval).
Hopefully ‘this chapter will help you nail:down the
essence of the tribe, providing concrete details but also
acting asa springboard for new ideas.

Backigtourat

While Stargazers maybe different from their
Western cousins, they're still Garou to the blood and
bone, and as such have all the advantages and demerits
that all other werewolves are home to. Their Back-
grounds are primarily the same as any other Garou, but
there are some further ideas presented here to help you

in-creating your own Stargazer: These explorations of
Backgrounds aren't etched in-stone,-but are merely
options to- help you customize your character.,

LViffat
Allies are a small but critical part of a Stargazer's
life. Their numbers: are dwindlirig and friends are
desperately needed, though most Stargazers only have
one or two key allies to their name. However, while
Stargazers are considered to be reclusive, usually this is
in regards to other Garou; from time to time, a few rare
tribe members go amongst humans (usually Kin) to
preach balance to Gaia's most vulnerable' children.
Throughout history,'some members of the tribe have
placed themselves in direct concordance with emper-
ors, teachers, students, warriors, all inan effort toguide
them down the path of truth and moderation,-a path
meant to lead away from the depredations of the
Wyrm. Helping others sometimes means receiving
help in turn, and may carry their Allies score past the
first.or second dot.

Chapter TAree: The Trials of Balance 61

RQ EL —— FY NT

ATEALPOPL

Any Stargazer should have been raised with their
ancestors in mind. The majority of the tribe has a high
level of awareness when it comes to forebears, knowing
the names, deeds, and lineage of those who have come
before them. This leads to a rather special relationship
with their ancestors, one which many Stargazers strive
to maintain with prayers, libations,.and small altars.

The Stargazers are more prone to. tightening the
bonds of ancestral wisdom .than.most,.and ‘it's very
appropriate for a Stargazer to take points in Ancestors: It
is also recommended that the player begin with a list (and
brief descriptions) ofat least one of herancestors per point
taken in the Background. In other words, choosing three
dots in the Ancestors Background means that the player
should detail at least three of her Stargazer forebears, as
they may come to play later in the game.

CAS

Most Stargazers are without contacts. They would
far rather possess honest-to-Gaia allies than the "lesser"
considerations of mere associates... That's not to say it
doesn't happen; those Stargazers who still choose to
walk among humanity may inadvertently come to have
contacts, but rarely does a tribe member pursue them.

A. Stargazer among the Beast Courts might possess a
wide array of supernatural contacts, from the Kinfolk of
other Fera to the other Fera themselves..A Stargazer who
remains predominantly unaffiliated with the Beast Courts
and remains in the West could have contacts among the
Garou Nation, but this is easier said than done.

eft

Most Stargazers reject the practice of fetish creation
and use altogether: Reliance upon any object —— mysti-
cal or otherwise —~ promotes weakness in the Garou's
own faculties; they say. Using a fetish item means not
having to learn a-skill yourself, and it becomes too
quickly the "easy" way out. That's not the case with all
Stargazers, however. Some Stargazers seek out and use
fetishes just like other Garou. These items-can range
from the simple ‘(a smooth pebble found in a stream
meant to symbolize the flowing nature of all things) to
the complex (an antiquated telescope used to stare up at
the heavens). Some Stargazers craft fetishes meant for
war -—— swords, for instance, both short and long.

While sometimes a Stargazer will make a fetish that
imbues him with prerernatural Gifts in battle, most tend
to use spirits that relate to tranquility or moderation
(often utilizing water or wind spirits)..In game terms,.a
Stargazer cannot purchase ariy.dots in Fetish during
character creation .—-he- inherits .no- fetishes from
tribemates or mentors ——-but may acquire or create
fetishes as usual during the course of the chronicle:

62

Sfargazers

LA PE Ee Ps CT PY LT A

Kile

One of the odd conundrunis consistently facing the
Stargazers is that while their own tribal numbers de-
cline, the number of their Kinfolk has remained unusu-
ally steady over the last several years. The network of
Kinfolk available to the Stargazers is vast and deep,
containing close members that the tribe members keep
a watchful eye over, and also far away family that has
only been heard of but never actually discovered. Why
the large numbers of Kinfolk haven't (at least until very
recently) yielded representative births of Stargazer pups
is still something of a mystery. Part of it is because the
tribe members are reluctant to breed; many of them
believing that breeding is intrinsically married to lust
and desire =~ two traits that are unpopular among many
Stargazers. Still, any Stargazer having Kinfolk within
reach is sure to remain steadfast and devoted to them.

Pare fcc

Pure Bred characters are rare among the Stargaz-
ers; especially considering how significantly theirnum-
bers have dwindled in these dangerous times. But even
when it occurs, it is given little fanfare among the tribe
members themselves, for they are not given to-such
pomp and circumstance. When a Pure Bred member of
the tribe is found, they are held asa welcome exception
and little more. They may gain preferential treatment
in somé ways, but generally speaking most Stargazers
wort automatically defer toa Garou with Pure Breed.
It's an uncommon trait, not-a-mark of one's worth.
(Though it's important tonote that spirits and other
non-Stargazer Garou may consider it more valuable
than the Stargazers themselves.)

Those Stargazers that have the Background tend to
be born with strong intuition, which may translate into
higher scores in both Primal-Urge and Enigmas. Pure
Bred Stargazers ténd to have the physical characteristics
of the rare Tibetan Black Wolf. Their fur is sleek, black,
and their éyes are uancharacteristically green... Their
Physical Attributes may be primary. Those who are less
Pure Bred tend to have a more motley, piebald appear-
ance. Their fur may be shot through with black, but in
general they have a smattering mix of gray and white fur.
From time to time, they're evén born with eyes of two
different colors—— one may be the green of the Pure Bred
wolf, whereas the other would be gray or blue.
ELO7T CES

Some say that money makes the world go round —~
but the Stargazers couldn't care less. Money to most
tribe members is little more than a means to an end. If
money is necessary in a specific instance, then so be it.
Otherwise, can .a Garou stave off the Apocalypse by
paying off the Wyrm? No,-and hence money means


lictle. Some shirk it altogether, regardless of its occa-
sional use. ‘Those Stargazers who are hard-line ascetics
or believe that the Weaver is the realenemy will avoid
money as if it were germ-ridden.In fact, most Stargaz-
ets won't ever have a point of Resources; and if they do
(consult Storyteller before taking the Background),
it's rarely past the first dot.-Beginning Stargazer char-
acters may not take any dots in Resources.
ye

The Stargazers are keen t6 share their rites among
all members of their tribe ——or at least those who hold
similar beliefs..Rites aren't considered "secret" knowl-
edge, at least within the tribe. Rarely, however, will
Stargazers share their ceremonies and practices "with
other Garou; or even other Fera within .the Beast
Courts..The rites the Stargazers learn stand ‘as proof to
the solution of ages-old puzzles, and should others wish
to discover the answers, then they are left alone to doso.

SOPH

Often, the "Sage and Student" pairing of many
Stargazers will make use of a single totem together.
The totem chosen depends upon the background and
ancestry of both parties, but will often be Chimera.
Chimera is'a popular totem. first because she is the
tribal guardian, and second because she allows his
children to find the truth behind the illusions. Uktena
is a popular totem as well for similar reasons.

In. the. modern day,-many .Stargazers have neé-
glected the Sage and Stiident partnership and have
gone back to. theéeit roots and -formed .all-Stargazer
packs. These packs may favor any totem, but rarely will
they follow the totems of War that are chaotic or
unbalanced (Fenris, Griffin, Wendigo). Most choose
totems of Wisdom or Cunning:

Sfargazer Naperet

The naming conventions of the Stargazers are
different than those of other tribes,-and even vary
within the tribe itself. In these modern -days, the
natures of Stargazer names are not bound by any hard
and fast rules, but still some traditions are dearly held.

For instance, Chinese (or other East Asian) Star-
gazers tend to take those who have just experienced
their First. Change and put them through elaborate
rituals.' These naming rituals are meant to destroy their
previous names (hence diminishing their sense of "self')
and also hide their identity from the Great Corrupter,
Kung-Kung. It is believed that the Wyrm can‘smell out
their old name, but by renaming thém, the evil spirits
will not be able to find the newly changed Stargazers:
The new names they are given (they aren't allowed to
choose) "are -often. proper nameés and not necessarily

See sees mers an ease en PE es ee

Cponal T Pil PUR BAIL

Stargazers have answered many of the great
mysteries of life; and have raised even more questions
in the wake of discovered solutions..They are seekers
of truth, and untying the countless knots that the
universe provides as puzzles is one of their missions.
Enigmas are useful in many fashions. Besides helping
solve ages-old problems and improving Gaia's condi-
tion, puzzles help a Stargazer find focus and suppress
Rage. Many riddles and conundrums are frustrating
and stir a Garou's Rage, and the Stargazers take great
pride in skirting this edge while remaining intensely
focused and tranquil.

Unfortunately, this focus ‘is also a problem.
Many Stargazers become so-‘single-minded about
problems that they have been thus far unable to
solve. As such, when a Stargazer fails an Enigmas
roll, he begins to meditate too much on the prob-
ler; obsessing over it..The werewolf has trouble
resting until the problem has been answered; this
can cause a whole host of unfortunate effects, up to
the Storyteller's discretion..It may lower the diffi-
culty by one on his Rage rolls until the mystery is
uncovered. It may distract him to the point where
many actions become difficult, and may increase
the difficulty by one orrrolls involving Perception,
Alertness, Stealth, or even Investigation. It could
even reduce his dice pool by one on any Enigmas
roll involving a puzzle other than the one he's
currently obsessing upon.- The Stargazer tribal
weakness is, of course, an optional one; however,
it helps to lend some dépth to the tribe as a whole.

symbolic or deed names like other Garou tend to take:
Though, from. time to time, such mames..(such -as
"Starchaser" or "Running-Moon-River') do get tracked
on after appropriate deeds warrant such additions.

In India; however, Stargazers are allowed to choose
their own names. There are also elaborate naming
rituals (in which the heroes of old and the spirits of all
directions are hailed), but once those rituals are con-
cluded,-the Stargazer is expected to seek out herown
name. The name is typically the name of a past hero of
the tribe and may be affixed with a symbolic epithet.
This epithet is less about what the Stargazer is or has
accomplished, but is more about the Stargazer's own
intended plans for herself. She maycallherself Vaitreya
the Blood-Singer or Vaitreya Bloodsong if she is a war-
capable Galliard who seeks to inspire her fellow war-
tiors with songs of battle and glory.-Also, unlike the
naming conventions of the Chinese Stargazers, the
names of the Indian tribe members may change often

CAapter TAree: The Trials of Balance 63

ne NT

4

throughout their lives. As new deeds are accomplished
or as her life changes, she may literally assume a dozen
different names throughout this incarnation.

Stargazers who are born or experience their First
Change in the West tend to have a mish-mash of
naming conventions, often similar to the Garou around
them. They may take a proper Western mame (such as
Geoffrey or Peter) and affix to it either a Chinese term
(Huang Xi) or an epithet appropriate to the tribe
("Comet-Tail" or "Blessed-of-Stars'').

New SKLE™
Stargazing

Guolao the Long-Living rested his elbow on the bam-
boo drum and wiped sweat from his brow. The way the
sentai was overtaken, and all of that blood... no, he
decided, he wouldn't think of it. Instead, he'd stare up at the
stars, as he always had done, and seek peace therein. The
winking eye of Venus calmed him. The stitching of the
Seven Sisters filled him with ease. A faint meteor trail
crossing Orion's belt and soothed him. If only that strange
red star weren't so troubling; but what could be done?

Long have the Stargazers made good example of their
name by staring upward at the Heavens, searching for
answers. Stargazing is botha form of meditationanda plea
for truth from the very cosmos. The movement of the
celestial spheres, eve -cyclical, is simply a larger version of
the microcosm of the world and the lives of its inhabit-
ants. This skill isa combination of both actual astronomy
and of meditation. It allows one to both understand what
she's seeing up there in the night-time sky and to decipher
its hidden, metaphorical meanings. A Garou may use it to
help chart her way through the celestial skyscape of the
Umbra, or (at Storyteller's prerogative) she may instead
use her Stargazing score to complement any Enigmas roll
she makes to work out a particularly damning puzzle.

° Student: You know the names of the nine
planets and some of the major stars.
oe College: You know most of the constellations

and how to track the movement of the
heavenly bodies.

cee Masters: You know all the constellations and
many individual star names, and you are able
to relate the movement of the heavenly
bodies to the movements of all things.

eeee Doctorate: You are aware ofall celestial events

(comets, meteor showers) and can relate them
to daily life.
eeeee Scholar: The nightsky holds nosecrets from you.
Possessed by: Astronomers, Elder Stargazers, Theurges
Specialties: Meditation, Puzzle-Solving, Planets,
Stars, Constellations

64

Sfarg azers

LE nF LT A EY I LE A

New Maps Daf orrattvas

© Birthmarks

Birthmarks from a metis birth are not small, insig-
nificant spots or blotches. They often cover much of
the body, and those spots always result in hairless
patches. They are also sometimes found on the face.
Types of birthmarks include the bruise-purple Port
Wine stain (which can be raised and puffy), the blood-
vessel red or blue blotches of the hemangioma marks
(which are often on limbs and appear diseased, despite
their harmless nature), and macular stains (which may
cover the body in a uniform pink blotch despite racial
origin). These birthmarks are never something a Star-
gazer can hide; they do not go unnoticed. They are full-
blown deformities covering the expanse of their flesh
with mottled skin stains. It increases the difficulty of
dealing with other Garou and spirits by one.

© Third Eye

The third eye deformity may be considered holy
among certain Stargazers (specifically those of Indiaor
Tibet, who feel that the third eye may represent a
heightened enlightenment), but it's still ultimately a
physical deformity. The "eye" is not a functional
organ, and actually may look very little like an eye at
all. The deformity is typically on the forehead (though
it could actually show up anywhere on the face or
head), and often appears as a milky, pupil-less orb
surrounded by folds of bunched-up excess skin. The
eye weeps runny fluid and twitches occasionally. Deal-
ing with anybody, be it a human or Garou, yieldsa +1
difficulty to all Social rolls. And covering the tertiary
eye is an option, but a painful one. Hiding the defor-
mity behind something (a headband, a hat, etc.) only
irritates it, and this irritation causes -1 dice pool to all
Mental rolls as it impedes concentration.

Lf,

The Stargazers*are nota tribe to rely upon their
Gifts, preferring instead to resolve problems and puzzles
with their own ingenuity, but they still have them and
still use them. The following Gifts can be taught to any
Stargazer of the appropriate rank.

* Paper Butterfly (Level One) — Ancient court
magicians of the Chinese emperor were able to conjure
a cloud of paper butterflies out of thin air. Stargazers
who have mastered this trick use it to create a mood of
tranquility, or can use them to distract an opponent.
This Gift is taught, appropriately enough, by a butter-
fly or moth-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Wits + Performance (difficulty 6). A flock of
fluttering butterflies (a dozen per success) made of


varying colors of paper appears in the air around the
Stargazer's head. The butterflies may be instructed to
head in any direction (up to a mumber of yards equal to
the werewolfs Willpowerscore). Ifthe Stargazer is using
this Gift as a distraction to an opponent, the butterflies
take one turn to reach the opponent. The successes on.
the roll to activate the Gift subtract successes away from
the next non-reflexive roll the opponent attempts to
make... This happens on a two-to-one basis, however.
Every success on the roll to activate the Gift subtracts
two successes from the opponent's..(In other words, if
the Stargazer scores three successes, it can take away a
full six successes from the Opponent's roll if able.) If rhe
Stargazer has successes left over, they can apply to the
opponent's next action next turn.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait and
making a Mental test (retest Performance) agairist a
target, the Stargazer may cause that opponent tobe
down a number of Traits equal totwice the Stargazer's
permanent Gnosis rating on. their next test; should this
reduce an..opponent to zéro..Traits, they' may .still
attempt the test, but automatically lose all ties. (If the
target possesses a power that normally permits him to
win all ties, these two effects cancel each-other out,
and the test is resolved normally.) If desired, the
Stargazer may choose to split this. Trait modifier be-
tween their opponent's next two actions however they
desire, though they cannot apply to actions past that
range, and -cannot re-use this Gift against the same
target until the effects of the previous use have expired.
Additionally, multiple simultaneous uses of this Gift
against the Same target are not cumulative. At the
WNarrator's discretion, Gifts suchas Call the Breere or
similar powers may diminish or even cancel this Gift's
effects outright.

* Imbalance (Level One) — A Stargazer possess-
ing this Gift causes considerable problems to all at-
tackers. Those attacking find themselves clumsier and
less nimble with every successful strike.-An earth
elemental teaches this Gift.

System: At the beginning of close combat (this
Gift cannot be activated after the first turn of combat),
the player spends a Gnosis point. If an attacker com-
pletes a.successful-hit against the Stargazer, the
attacker's next roll to strike is at +1 difficulty. Each
turn thereafter, the Stargazer may spend a Rage point
to continue the +1 difficulty to hit for another turn.

MET: Basic Gift.Provided it is activated no later
than the first time of combat, the Stargazer may spend
a Gnosis Trait to-immeditatély-inflict the Negative
Physical Trait: Clumsy to one attacker engaged in close
combat with her. (Multiple attackers may all be rar-
geted at once, provided the requisite Gnosis is spent

Sen nr mm ce ene ee ae SS as

and they are all within the required range.) This Gift
lasts for as long as the Stargazer is willing to spend Rage
Traits —<~-one Trait per attacker per turn.. However,
while it cannot be applied to enemies striking from
tange, it still applies against opponents who are in
close combat with the Garou and later try to flee,
provided the Stargazer continues to pay the Rage cost
to maintain the Gift.

« Channeling (Level One) — Ragé is botha boon
and a bane to the Garou, and the Stargazers feel this
doubly so. Rage, while certainly a vital resource, is also
a-dangerous elemént..Many Stargazers seek new ways
to harness and direct their Rage, and those with this
Gift have at least one more option: A Garou using this
Gift can channel her Rage into asingle action, helping
her perform that one action as best as she is able. This
Gift is taught by a fire-spirit.

System: Once per gameé session,-the player may
spend up to three of the Garou's temporary Rage ona
single action. Each point spent in this manner gives
the Garou an extra die for that roll.

MET? Basic Gift. Once per session, the Stargazer
may spend a Rage Trait to gain a retest'on a single
action; what's more, on this retest the Stargazer is
considered to be up a number of ‘Traits equal to her
current Rage rating. While the innér balance taught
by this Gift makes it appropriate to use in just about
any situation, not just physical tasks‘or combat, the
Narrator may well require a frenzy test for using this
Gift to pérform particularly intense or physically de-
manding tasks.

* Drunken Spider (Level Two) — This Gift is
primarily practiced by those Stargazers who feel that
the Weaver is the true enemy of Gaia..With: this
ability, the Stargazer may affect the logic centers of any
Weaver-spirit, jumbling its mind into sluggish discord.
If the spirit isn't part of any physical manifestation
mirrored in the "real" world, the spirit is merely ham-
pered and confused. If perfStmed ona spirit that's part ~
of the soul of a machine, it actually makes the machine
work significantly less efficiently, and thus makes it
harder to use..A computer affected as such may not do
what the user intends. Hitting "Enter," for instance,
might trigger the "Backspace" key instead. Or opening
a document might cause it to appear as gibberish. This
Gift can be taught by either a cockroach -spirit ora
water-spirit.

System: The player spends one Willpower point
and rolls Charisma + Crafts (difficulty of the spirit's
Gnosis). If the spirit is "alone" and unassociated with
any real world device, then each success:on-this roll
reduces the spirit's Willpower rolls to act by one die. If
the spirit is associated with a machine, then each

Chapter Three: The Trials of Balance 65

Ee SY ENT

t

success raises the difficulty to use the device by one as
it acts oddly and performs erratically and slowly. The
muddling effects last for the duration of the scene."

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Willpower Trait
and making a Social test (retest Crafts) against a diffi-
culty of the spirit's Gnosis, the Stargazer may attempt to
impair the logical functioning of a. Weaver spirit.- If
successful, spirits encountered "alone" are considered a
number of Traits down on all Willpower tests equal to
the Stargazer's Willpower or Gnosis rating (whichever
is higher). Ghosts in machines cause the devices to
misbehave or malfunction; this disorder is best lefrin the
hands of the Narrator, though in the case of weapons or
iterns being used directly in the scene,.this Gift forces
the user to retest the first successful test made with the
device each turn, making failure far more likely, due to
"system crashes" or "mechanical malfunctions." Both
effects last for the rermainder of the scene, and multiple
uses of this Gift are not cumulative.

© Wuxing (Level Two) —~ There -is a mystical
resonance —wuxing——thatexists between the elements
of water, fire, earth, metal and wood. These elernents are
the basic forces underlying everything in the world, and
the resonance between them is‘something that a Star-
gazer with this Gift can hear and tap into. The Stargazer
can take the reverberation between elements and tweak
it temporarily; the result is; for a short time, that one
element can be changed into the other. This Gift may
only be raught by an avatar of Chimera.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Enigmas
(difficulty 7, or 9 to affect particularly -hard or rare
metals). Each success allows for one square foot of a
particular elerment (water, earth, fire, metal or wood) to
be changed into an alternate type of the same group of
elements. Fire may become wood, water may become
earth, and so on. The dimension of the element doesn't
change — a fire in the fireplace still retains its "shape,"
but may now be madé of wood,-earth, or even water
(water doesn't change the shape either; it actually
retains the sarne shape, but is simply liquid held fast to
a specific contour). The effect lasts for a number of turns
equal to the character's permanent Gnosis score.

MET: Basic Gift. Use of this Gift requires a Mental
test (retest Enigmas), with a difficulty based on how hard
or rare the material being worked with is. Success allows
an amount of the element up to a number of square feet
equal to the Garou's Gnosis or Enigmas rating (which-
ever is higher) to be changed into an alternate element
of one of the traditional types. Note that shape is still
retained, even for objects transmuted to liquid..Only
fairly basic manifestations of the five elements cam be
generated by this Gift —— it does not allow the Stargazer
to conjure up radioactive isotopes, exotic chemicals and

66 Stargazers

OLE LE, TT a A

soon. This Gift lasts for a number of minutes/turns equal
to the character's Gnosis rating.

¢ Mouthpiece of the Successor (Level Three) -—
According to an old and almost forgotten Stargazer tradi-
tion, a dying Garou may ask for a "mouthpiece" to come
sit by his side and listen to him. The mouthpiece would
then go to the rest of the sept and deliver the departed
Stargazer's secrets, stories, or last wishes during a funerary
moot. Somewhere along the way, this Gift was concocted
to aid in -this tradition.- With it, the mouthpiece may
literally "record" the dying Garou's voice and "play" it
back through herown mouth later. The recording is literal
—it's the same exact voice, not the voice of the mouth-
piece. Those who know the Gift now rarely use it for its
original purposé, for it can be used to record anybody's
voice, for any reason at all.: This Gift can be taught by
either a mockingbird spirit or an avatar of Raven.

System: When "recording," the player rolls Percep-
tion + Empathy (difficulty 7). The number of successes
dictates how long the mouthpiece can vocally chronicle
another's words. Each success allows for -up -to two
minutes of recording to occur. If the Stargazer wishes to
chronicle more, the player must make another roll. If
the roll-botches, the Stargazer using this Gift loses her
voice for asirigle day. When the "mouthpiece" wants to
replay the conversation later, she cam do so at any time
by spending one Gnosis point.

If the subject is not aware of the Gift's use (or is
aware and seeks to defy its use), the subject may roll
Manipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty 7).-Every suc-
cess on this roll removes one of the successes of the
Gift-user's roll.

MET: Intermediate Gift. Recording a willing subject
requires only listening patiently; two minutes per level of
Empathy the listener possesses may be recorded in this
fashion (minimum two minutes): This Gift may be used
only once per scene, but may bé used repeatedly over
multiple scenes if the circumstances permit..Replaying
the conversation costs one Gnosis Trait. Recording an
unwilling or unaware target's voice requires aMental test
(retest Empathy) against the target's Social Traits (target
retests with Subterfuge). Actual recording devices may be
used to simulate this Gift's effects in-game, or the player
may simply announce "I arn speaking with the voice of
<subject>" before replaying the recorded conversation.
Note that this Gift.doesn't provide any special powers of
recall for conversations recorded ——it is quite possible for
an inattentive listener not to remember exactly what
was said until they play it back aloud at a later date!

* Wind's Returning Favor (Level Three) — A
Stargazer may use weapons, but most need none. This
Gift allows a Stargazer to take an opponent's weapon
upon their attack. This Gift is taught by awind-spirit.

3

System: The player spends one Willpower point
androlls Dexterity + Dodge (difficulty of the ocpponent's
Wits + Melee score). The Stargazer must be in close
combat and be using this Gift while the opponent makes
a melee attack against her.. The Stargazer's successes
take away the success on the opponent's attack roll; if
the Stargazer's successes outnumber those obtained by
the opponent to attack, then the Stargazer is able to
steal the attacker's weapon and use it the following turn.

MET: Intermediate Gift.A Stargazer may only usé
this Gift against a foe wielding a melee weapon against
her in close combat. To attempt to steal a foe's weapon,
the Stargazer must spend a Willpower Trait and allow
her foe ro-attack her; she may attempt to Dodge nor-
mally; but cannot harm her foe during this turn. If she
successfully avoids the strike, she may immediately call

for a Simple Test — on.a win ora tie, she has stolen the

attacker's weapori, and may use it the following turn.
Due to the speed and magical nature of the Gift, the foe
receives no chance to use Melee or other Abilities and
powers to retest this Simple Test. Failure means that the
weapon remains with the attacker, although the Gift
may be attempted again if the Stargazer desires.

° Surmmon the Chu-Mong (Level Four) A long
time ago, the Stargazers of Tibet made-a-pact with an
ancient tribe of mountain spirits called the Chu-Mong
(snow goblins)..The pact was one of mutual protection,
and a Stargazer using this Gift can reawaken the useful-
ness of the pact, at least temporarily.-It summons the
spirit of a‘Chu-Mong to help protect the Stargazer in
question. Only a Chu-Mong can teach this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls the Stargazer's Gnosis: The difficulty isn't the
area's Gauntlet —< the difficulty is actually reliant
upon the temperature. The warmer the temperature,
the harder it is to sumnmon a Chu-Mong.

‘Temperature Difficulty
Below O degrees F 5
0-32 degrees F 6
32-49 degrees F 7
49-65 degrees F 8
65-80 degrees F 9
Above 80 degrees F 10

Botching the roll summons a sriow goblin that is
hostile toward the Stargazer using the Gift.

MET: By spending a Gnosis Trait and making a
Gnosis test against a Trait difficulty outlined in chart
above, the Stargazer may attempt to summon.a‘Chu-
Mong, using the same statistics provided. If this test
fails, the Spirit Keeper should immediately make.a
Simple Test —- on a failure, the Chu-Mong appears as
requested, but is hostile to the Stargazer.

eee eens mes an Ae PEE SS ee

Show Cott (Chistitong)

A. Chu-Mong is a small creature (like a pri-
mate in size and appearance) covered in fine white
hair with long claws and a lower-jaw needled with
yellow fangs.

Willpower 8, Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Freeze

®° The Silken: Cloth (Level Four) —— This Gift
takés its name from an ancient Stargazer tradition. It's
believed that those who are not shapechangers cannot
enter the Mirror Lands of the Umbra because they are
impure..They do not have a-kernel of the celestial
substance of cosmos within them, as the Garou and the
other Fera do. But many Stargazers still wished to show
mortals (or others unable-to access the Umbra) the
hidden ‘truths and puzzles found only in the Mirror
Lands. Once, Stargazers could purify others withasilken
cloth, rubbing them with it, so that they may enter the
Umbra together. Now; that ability has been made into
a Gift. This Gift lets a Stargazer bring one other human
(or otherwise Umbra-banned individual) with her when
she Steps Sideways. This Gift is taught by an Engling.

System: The player must make two stepping side-
ways rolls: .one for the Stargazer,-and one for her
"ouest." However, the Stargazer must spend one Gnosis
point for the guest to come through with her. Ifthe roll
to bring her guest across botches, the poor soul is lost
somewhere in the Umbra ——-even someplace as hor-
tible as the Abyss or the Atrocity Realm.

MET: Intermediate Gift. Although many Stargaz-
ers surround this Gift with appropriate .preparatory
rituals and lessons to ease the shock of the journey, at
its heart all this Gift does is allow the Garou to make
an additional stepping sideways test to. bring .one
additional "guest;" this test is otherwise treated asa
normal crossing test inevery way, save that the Garou
pays any attendant costs. At the Narrator's discretion,
a particularly dramatic failure on this crossing test may
have all manner of unpleasant results, and even if it
proceeds normally, the Garou should remember that
their guest willstill dependon them to provide ameans
of réturning as well. This Gift'can never be used onan
unwilling subject, nor can-it bring over imbued hunt-
ers (see Laws of the Reckoning).

* Ancestral Incarnation (Level Five) —- The
connection .of a Stargazer to his ancestors can be
deemed more "intense" than that of other Garou. This
Gift is proof of that. The few Stargazers with this Gift
are not only able to plumb the depths of the ancestral
memories for help, but are literally able to become one
(or many) of their ancestors for-a-short time. The

Chapter Three: The Trials of Balance 67

|

4

Stargazer glows with a pale nimbus of light and actually
exhibits the physical traits (altering her appearance)
of one or.several of her ancestors. For a time, the
Stargazer may also-tap into the wealth. of knowledge
and ability of her forebears and use that toenhance her
own actions for a time. This Gift is taught by an
Epiphling of Truth:

System: The player spends three Gnosis points.
The Stargazér exhibits a mumber of ancestral traits
equal to the dots in her Ancestors Background: (For
instance, Naipurya Sunblade hasan Ancestors score of
three. She exhibits three traits of her ancestors that
alter her appearance. From her ancéstor Silverstar she
gains a mane of gray hair, fromm her ancestor Fu-Kui-
Kang she shows bright yellow eyes, and from her
ancestor Gi-om Shows-the-Way she gains a long scar
along the length of her muzzle.) For the remainder of
the scene, the Stargazer may also add her Ancestors
score to arvy roll she makes.

MET: Advanced Gift: Only Stargazers with the
Ancestors Background may purchase this Gift.-Acti-
vating it requires three Gnosis Traits, and the effects
last for the remainder of the scene. For the remainder
of the scene, she adds twice her rating in. Ancestors to
all tests, and she may choose to spend levels of Ances-
tors to retest any Ability-related tests during this time
as well. These retests function identically to normal
Ability retests, but may be used in addition to Ability
retests on asingle test. Only one retest gained from this
Gift can be used on a'single test, however. Spending
levels of Ancestors in this fashion does not diminish the
Trait benefit gained upon-activating this Gift. This
Gift may only be used once per session, if that often,
and the Garou must add a number of physical alter-
ations to her appearance equal to her rating in Ances-+
tors, reflecting how the Stargazer has literally become
her ancestors through this Gift.

Starssra Cie

The following Gifts are based upon mantras: Man-
tras are vocal expressions of the very fabric and tapestry
of the cosmos, and while anyone can learn to speak a
mantra, only a rare few learn the potential Gifts that
are associated with them. These Gifts are predomi-
nantly practiced by the Stargazer Galliards of India,
but any Stargazer can learn to use them.

* Seed of Speech (Level One) —~ The spoken
mantra for this Gift is Aum-Vak-Bija. It represents the
primal nature of speech and gives the Stargazer using
this Gift a preternatural understanding of the underly-
ing force behind all words and names. Merely by inton-
ing the mantra and activating this Gift, the Garou is
capable of harmonizing with the very fundamental

68 Stargazers

OLE LF ET PE LT I LL TA

nature of spoken sound and the knowledge that comes
with it. This Gift is taught by an avatar of Cuckoo.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point after
the Stargazer speaks the mantra..For the duration of
the scene, the werewolf gains the ability to understand
the basic subject/verb structure of all sentences spoken
to him, regardless of the language used. For instance,
"What are you doing here?" would translate (to the
Stargazer) as "You do?"; or "Put down that idol," may
translate to "You drop." This Gift only captures the
most basic essence of a sentence spoken (the "seed"),
but when being spoken to in a completely foreign
tongue, this can make all the difference.

MET: Basic Gift. By speaking the mantra-and
spending a Gnosis Trait, the Garou understands the
basic subject/verb structure of any sentences spoken in
his presence for the rest of the scene. They may use the
raised "L" gesture of Linguistics, though they should
remember and relate their limited understanding to
those they are communicating with.

* Sound of Suffering (Level Two) —— The spoéken
mantra for this Gift is Aum=Kama-Rudra. Life is suffer-
ing. Among the Stargazers this is nota philosophy, this
is fact. Once someone realizes~that suffering is‘ the
dominating force within the universe, he can move
past it onto a fuller, richer life ——- or so the theory goes.
With this Gift,.a Stargazer can inflict a termporary
"realization of suffering" onto a-single individual. The
individual affected by this Gift is beset by a swell of
sadness, and -they can't help but break -down into
hitching, wracking sobs. For the duration of this power,
the target is left feeling both empty of substance and
full of the world's pain. This Gift is taught by both pain
and rain-spirits.

System: The player spends a single Willpower point
and rolls Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty 6): The
target is incapacitated for one turn per successrolledasshe
is afflicted by terrible sorrow and, sobbing. The subject
may defend if attacked, and she also may take action if
circumstances are putting her own life at risk.

MET: Basic ‘Gift... This Gift costs two" Mental
‘Traits, and requires a Social test (retest Empathy); in
addition, the Stargazer must speak the mantra and ask
the target about how much they understand the pain
of the world. (They donot need to be heeded or even
comprehended, but the question must still be asked.)
Success means that the target is overcome with sadness
and wracking sobs for a number of minutes/turns equal
to the Stargazer's Empathy rating. They may defend
themselves normally if attacked, or remove them-
selves from danger if need be,. but otherwise they
cannot move or initiate any aggressive action. This
Gift may only be used ona target once per scene, and

L


should be roleplayed to the best of the target's ability
for the duration.

* Burning Fite-Mind (Level Three) -—~— The
spoken.mantra for this Gift is. Auwm-Hana-Daha. It
signifies the burning, fiery nature of anger:and wrath,
and relates directly toawerewolf's usage of Rage. Rage,
like fire, is an. uncontrollable; all-consuming entity. It
cannot be leashed -or tamed, and can leave much
damage in its wake. The Stargazers, as a rule,.are not
opposed to using Rage; but they understand that it can
run rampant —~—- and unmitigated Rage is a-terrible
weapon to behold. This Gift allows. a-Stargazer to
punish other Garou for attempting to access this un-
manageable source of power needlessly: Any opponent
of the Stargazer feels the anger literally sear their flesh.
This Gift is taught by a fire-spirit.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Primal-
Urge (difficulty 6) and spends one Rage point. This
Gift remains active for two turns per success rolled.
Any Garou within ten yards of the Stargazer who
spends Rage takes an automatic, unsoakable level of
lethal damage per Rage point spent. If the roll to use
this Gift botches, the Stargazer loses all of her tempo-
rary Rage points.

MET: Intermediate Gift. This Gift requires the
expenditure of a Rage Trait and a Social test (retest
Primal-Urge);: if successful, all. Garou. within. the
Stargazer's Gnosis rating in paces take an autornatic
level of lethal damage for each Rage Trait they spend.
This Gift lasts for a-number of turns equal ‘to the
Stargazer's Primal-Urge rating, and does not differenti-
ate between friend or foe —< even the Stargazer herself
is not immune. Armor does not protect against this
damage, however; it will norkill a Garou — any Garou
that would die from the damage received are instead
rendered unconscious for the duration instead, though
of course they may be further injured normally during
this time. Note that while some tribes appreciate this
Gift's value at quashing bursts of needless fury, exposing
supposed friends and allies to this Gift's burn without a
very good reason is likely to earn the Stargazer a number
of enemies, if not also a corresponding loss of Renown.

* Seeking the Void (Level Four) —— The spoken
mantra. for this Gift is -Awum-Ha-Sa-Kha-Prem. ‘The
Umbra, also called the Mirror Lands, is a void empty of
true matter and built of little more than the ephemeral
whorls of spirit substance. Many Garou are reliant upon
hard travel within the Umbra: They must ‘find. their
destination and gét to it via moon paths or sniffing out
spirit tracks. Stargazers using this Gift have a somewhat
easier time getting somewhere in the Mirror Lands ——
provided that another Garou or spirit is already there.
Using this Gift takes the werewolf directly to the loca-

a

tion of the chosen individual, no matter where they are
at that moment. The Stargazer must be in the Umbra to
use this Gift. It is ‘taught by a shadow-spirit.

System: The Stargazer utilizing this Gift must
speak the mantra while actually in the Umbra. She
also must have with her some piece of the Garou she's
"traveling" to, usually a part of the werewolf's body (a
tuft -of hair, a-tooth, a claw) or one of the Garou's
possessions (a weapon, an article of clothing)..In the
case of traveling to a ‘specific spirit, the Stargazer can
only travel to spirits she has literally battled with.
(Though "battled" can be a battle of wits and intelli-
gence, and doesn't necessarily need to be a combative
conflict.) The player then rolls Wits + Enigmas. The
difficulty for the roll is reliant upon the location of the
target individual.If the target is in the Penumbra, it's
difficulty 6.1f the target is in-the Near Umbra, diffi-
culty 7.In the Deep Umbra, difficulty 8. And finally,
in the Dark Umbra, difficulty 9.

MET: "Intermediate Gift: "A Stargazer using this
Gift need only repeat the mantra and clutch some
piece'or valued possession of the Garou-she seéks to
find in the Umbra; in the case-of spirits being sought
after, only those that the Stargazer has personally
bested in some form of competition may be targeted
with this Gift. Provided these conditions are met, the
Stargazer may make a Mental test (retest Enigmas) to
find the safest, most direct route to her -goal; at the
Narrator's discretion, particularly long journeys may
require several such tests over an appropriate period of
time. The difficulty of this test depends on the location
of the target individual — the Penumbra is six Traits,
the Near Umbra is eight Traits, the Deep Umbra is ten
Traits, and the Dark Umbra-is twelve Traits.

* Liberation of Flesh (Level Five) —— The spoken
maritra for this Gift is Aum-waha-guru-dha-yan. Some
Stargazers (particularly those-among the Tranquil)
posit that all flesh is weak, and liké an anchor, it drags
the spirit. Stargazers using: this Gift find themselves~
"liberated" from their physical forms, becoming insub-
stantial and bodiless.

System: No roll is necessary to become iticorpo-
real, but the player mustspend a Gnosis point toreduce
the Stargazer's physical form to an insubstantial one.
When this Gift is activated, the Stargazer becomes
quite literally like a silvery ghost of her physical body,
and can be seen with a successful Perception + Alert-
ness roll (difficulty -7).-The Stargazer may take no
actions except for simple movement, and even that
takes strong concentration: To move from one place to
another, the player must roll Wits + Meditation (dif-
ficulty 7). Only one success is necessary for movement,
but the shimmering ghostly form may only travel no

Chapter TAvree: The Trials of Balance 69

ES LY A LLG

4

faster than the werewolf's usual walking speed. Failure
means the character may not move; abotch onthe roll
to move is disastrous: A. botch disrupts the Stargazer's
concentration keeping her form non-corporeal, and it
reduces her Gnosis pool to zero. The Stargazer may stay
in this bodiless state for as long as she chooses, and may
not be physically harmed by other physical creaturesor
spirits. To return to a.corporeal, physical form, the
Stargazer spends another Gnosis point and her ghostly
form becomes immediately corporeal once again.
MET: Advanced Gift..By spending a standard ac-
tion and a Gnosis Trait, the Srargazer may become
completely insubstantial and largely invisible; only those
that make a successful Mental test (retest Alertness) may
detect the Stargazer while she is in this state. Neither
spirits nor physical creatures can in any way harm.a
Stargazer in this form, and she is not affected by Gifts or
attacks that target spirits either; the Storyteller has final
say on whether or not a particular source can harm the
Stargazer, but such hazards should be extremely rare or
the essence of the Gift is lost. While in this state, the
Stargazer may only travel from one location to another
at aregular walking pace, though physical and spiritual
obstacles pose no particular challenge to her either. Due
tothe intense concentration this requires,a Mental test
(retest Meditation) against a difficulty of six is required to

7O Sfargazers

LE Le ST ST iy 7

summon the requisite concentration to move; failure
means the Stargazer does not go anywhere that turn.
The Stargazer may return to physical form by spending
another Gnosis Trait.

© Thought-Form of the Twelve Ministers (Level
Six) —~ The spoken mantra for this Gift is Aum-ka-la-
rim-sa-ka-la-rim-ha-ka-la-rim. This Gift allows a Star-
gazer to attain true spiritual balance for a single mo-
ment.In that moment, all extreme desires and impure
emotions are blasted away by an unmitigated blast of
the Self. A> startling, crackle. of energy travels like
lightning to each -of the Stargazer's chakra points..It
only lasts for a second, and then it is gone.-But in its
wake, the Stargazer is left empowered and burning
with a halo of pale green light. There is only a handful
of Stargazers who have ever been worthy enough to
learn this Gift, and it can only be taught by an avatar
of Chimera.

System: The player spends a single ternporary
point of Gnosis, Rage, and Willpower. For the remain-
der of the scene,.the Garou gains.a-series of Trait
bonuses: +2 to Perception,-+3 to Enigmas, +3 to
Empathy, and +2 to Brawl. There ate two other ben-
efits, as well. First, any Garou standing within ten feet
of the Stargazer using this Gift find that their tempo-
rary (Gnosis pools are suddenly refreshed. Also, this


Gift burns out any corruption that was contained in
the werewolf grasping the power. Hence, any Wyrm-
taint that the character had thus disappears.

MET: This mighty Gift requires a the expenditure
of a Trait of Willpower, Gnosis and Rage to activate;
for the remainder of the scene, the Stargazer becomes
and impressive balance of martial skill and mental
prowess. She is considered two Traits up on all Mental
tests; and receives three additional levels of Enigmas
and Empathy, as well as two additional levels of Brawl
.— these bonuses may cause her to exceed normal Trait
and Ability limits.. What's more; anyother Garou
standing within three paces of the Stargazer when this
Gift is first activated have their Gnosis Traits irmmedi-
ately refreshed to their normal maximum, .and the
Stargazer using the Gift is automatically purged of any
Wyrm-taint.

Lats CUE

The Gifts bélow are guarded secréts, open only t6
those members of the respective "camps" that fostered
them in the first place: These powers are meant to help
Stargazers of different sects and sub-groups achieve
whatever goal it is that separates them from the rest of
their tribe.

LON LEIOPL

The Demon Eaters (or, "The Heavenly Successors of
the Demon-Eater") favor Gifts that lend weight ‘and
power to their ultimate goal, which is to rid the world of
all demons: The Demon Eaters, perhaps more than ariy
othercamp; rely on their Gifts toaid them intheir mission.

* Sense the Demonic (Level One) —— The differ-
ence between a-servitor of the Wyrm and a demon-
possessed mortal is subtle. While most demons ema-
nate perceptible Wyrm-taint, strangely some seem
able to mask themselves and escape such notice. Plus,
Sense Wyrm doesn't identify the nature of the taint, so
the nature of the creature (that it's-a demon) goes
unknown until it's potentially too late: This Gift helps
circumvent that problem. It doesn't provide a-literal
sense so.much as a.spiritual one —~ the eyé-in the
Demon Eater's mind registers the' disruption in the
fabric of reality, and senses the demonic source. This
Gift is taught by a chimerling.

System: The player rolls Perception + Occiilt: The
difficulty is dependent upon the proximity and intensity
of the demon (or demon-possessed victim): Sensing a
single demon in the same room would be difficulty 6,
sensing a demon across a busy city street would be 7, and
detecting ademon's infernal influence after the creature
has already left would be a difficulty 8.

MET: .This Gift functions~exactly as the Gift:
Sense Wyrm, save that it allows the detection and

ee

LUsrenwitltesr catia Fayswors

Just because wé say "demon," we don't neces-
sarily mean the creatures from Demon: The Fallen.
In Werewolf cosmology,demons as Judeo-Chris-
tian-fallen angels don't necessarily exist... How-
ever, in the Stargazers' Asian animist tradition;
démons are thought of quite differently. To some
Stargazers, demons are simply evilspirits who exist
freely inthe world to do harm; and other times are
capable of possessing unwitting (or willing) mor--
tals: Left up to interpretation, this sounds an awful
lot like Banes and fomori,; and may be understood
as such. It's ultimately up to the Storyteller which
interpretation is most favorable for the game,
whether it's actual characters from Demon: The
Fallen. or simply another twist on-an.ages-old,
Wyrm-faced enemy.

identification of any demons and demonic enérgies in
the area. While Sense Wyrm can also be used to detect
demons, it will not identify them as anything other
than another generic source of "Wyrm taint," and so
many Stargazers learn this Gift if they expect to see
much battle with the demonic; in order to better and
more swiftly identify their true foe.

* Reverie of the Kol-Kin (Level Two) —~— Demons
are malicious tricksters bent on chaos. Their souls have
been corrupted by the Wyrm so badly, there's little real
humanity left inside, regardless of how they appear on
the outside. They can't be trusted. They can't be left
alone. This Gift helps to'trap them and keep them still
for a time. The Stargazer's eyes become pale mirrors,

glowing faintly éven in daylight.. Any demon looking

into the Stargazer's eyes is held transfixed, unable to
move orspeak. It's said that this ability was passed down
from the group's progenitor, Zhong Kui, who used it to

hold one demon. at bay while his pack eased in for the.

kill. This Gift is raught by a Lune.

System: The player spends a-single Gnosis point.
Norollisnecessary to activate the Gift. The Stargazer's
eyes become -reflective,.and any demon: (or demon-
possessed individual) looking into the Stargazer's eyes
are held in a kind of trance. (Note that the subject
cannot be Bane-possessed;: only demons and their
vessels-are affected by this) power.) "The demon | is
allowed a single Willpower roll (difficulty 8) in the
beginning to resist the allure of the werewolfs eyes.
This Gift is active as long as the Stargazer holds the
gaze (blinking doesn't disrupt it) or until the demon is
attacked. This Gift only works on one demon or
demon-possessed individual at a time:

Chapter TAree: The Trials of Balance v1

SE EN

t

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait and
making eye contact with a demon or demon-possessed
individual, the Stargazer essentially paralyzes the crea-
ture —— it cammot move or take any action, even speak,
so long as the Stargazer maintains her gaze. A demon
isallowed asingle Willpower test against the Stargazer's
Willpower or Gnosis rating (whichever is higher) to
attempt to break free; failure means it is trapped for the
duration. Attacking or otherwise directly endangering
the .dernon..immediately..cancels. this .Gift,...and it
cannot be re-attempted on such opponents for the rest
of the scene. A Stargazer may only target one indi-
vidual with this Gift at one time.

ee ee ae

The ksatriyas of the Sacred Thread camp -of the
Stargazers tend to focus on Gifts that lend them the
ability to more effectively pass along wisdom to their
students and Gifts. that aid their battle prowess in
protecting their charges.

© Word-to-Weapon (Level Two) — The war-
rior-téacher caste of the Sacred Thread is able to focus
in. on. the mystic power-underlying each and every
word..Even a ksatriya without a weapon may conjure
one using nothing more than the sound of his own
voice.. This Gift ‘is taught by a wind-spirit.

System: The Stargazer invokes a prayer (taking a
full turn to-do so)..The player then spends ‘a Gnosis
point and rolls Wits + Linguistics (difficulty 6). The
first success conjures a: ghostly, translucent scimitar
out of thin air.. The moon-curved blade has Strength
base damage (lethal), with a difficulty of 7 to hit. Every
two successes past the first; however,.on the roll to
activate this Gift increases the weapon's damage roll
for that weapon: If the player rolls three successes, it
creates an opaque blade (made essentially of icy wind)
that does Strength +1 lethal damage, with a difficulty
of 7 to hit. The weapon lasts until the end of the scene,
and then it disappears into a cloud of dust.

MET: Basic Gift: By spending a full turnin prayer
(defensive actions only) and spending a Gnosis Trait,
the Stargazer may conjure a ghostly scimitar out of thin
air and intoher hand. This blade is otherwise considered
the same.as-an ordinary sword for purposes of Bonus
‘Traits, damage and soon. Only the Stargazer herself may
wield it, however, and if it is fully dropped or disarmed
by any means, it vanishes and this Gift must be used
again. The sword remains for one scene otherwise.

« The Teacher's Ease (Level Two) —— The Stargaz-
ers of the Sacred Thread ate teachers, first and forever.
They hold a great- love of sharing information and en-
lightening others to kriowleédge, and those with this Gift
may find their students a little more "enlightened" than

72 Sfargazers

OLE Ts ET ei 7.

others. With it, a ksatriya may actually open a-student's
mind a little further than it already was, allowing the
learner'to absorb mote information, more quickly. This
Gift is taught by a Stargazer ancestor-spirit.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Expres-
sion (difficulty is-10 minus the student's Intelligence
score). Each success gives the learner a nurnber of bonus
dice on a roll featuring a spécific Ability. The learner
may not use these bonus dice on any Ability, however;
he may only use it on-a single Ability of the ksatriya's
choosing. If the Sacred Thread Stargazer demands that
the dice must go toward a roll involving the Investiga-
tion Ability, then the learner has no choice but toassign
those dice toa single roll involving Investigation.

MET: Basic Gift. By teaching a suitable lesson and
making a Social test (retest Expression, student cannot
relent) with her pupil, the Stargazer-may put /her
student up a number of Traits equal to her Expression
rating on a-single test involving an Ability of her
choosing. .The student chooses when these bonus
‘Traits are applied, though he must use them -on the
Ability specified when this Gift is used. Multiple uses
concerning a single Ability are not cumulative,anda
student cannot receive more applications of this Gift
at any given time than he has Willpower Traits or that
the Gift user has Expression levels, whichever is lower.
This Gift cannot be used on the Stargazer herself,
though it can be used for an Ability that the student
actually possesses at ari equal or higher level than the
ksatriya herself has mastered —~ sometimes the inno-
cent eyes-of the less experienced spot new ways of
doing things even old masters had yet to notice. This
Gift lasts for the rest of the session ‘or until the bonus
Traits are used.

* Eyes of Ignorance (Level Five) — The ksatriya
using this Gift can look into -another's eyes and, fora
period of time, literally strip them of their knowledge,
leaving them ignorant and empty of ability. This Gift
can be taught by an owl-spirit...0 0

System:-The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Gnosis (difficulty is the target's Willpower). Suc-
cess on the roll allows the Garou to intrinsically
"know" the target's Knowledge (and the accompany-
ing dots in each Knowledge). Also,-for each success,
the ksatriya may subtract two dots from the target's
Knowledge traits. This Gift lasts for one day, at which
point the ksatriya loses the gained Knowledge points
and the target regains the ones "lost."

MET: Advanced Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait
and making a Gnosis test against the target's Will-
power, the Stargazer may subtract one knowledge-
related Ability level for each permanent Gnosis Trait
she has: What's more, for the duration of the Gift the

a

Stargazer gains the Ability levels the target loses, up to
her normal Ability maximums (extra levels beyond
that limit aré simply lost). Some examples of the kind
of Abilities that can be targeted by this Gift include
Academics ,. Computer, Enigmas, Law, Lore, Medicine,
Occult, Science, and Survival; more physical or intui-
tive Abilities such as' Athletics,..Brawl,..Dodge, etc.
cannot be stolen with this Gift. The Storyteller has the
final word on what Abilities can or cannot be targeted
in this fashion: This Gift lasts forthe rest of the session,
at which time the target immediately regains their lost
Abilities and the Stargazer immediately loses them.

SP aACE Ftp pier?

The Trance Runners rely on their lithe and airy
physical forms to complete their mission -as cosmic
messengers. Their Gifts reflect such reliance.

* Bird Bones (Level Three) ——~ Trance Runners
are known for being notoriously light. Their bodies,
little more than bones and tightly-corded muscle, can
move fast and flexible partly due to their legendary
"hollow" bones. It allows them to run -quickly over
almost any surface.

System: The Trance Runner is able-to run upon
almost any surface without penalty..The roll is always
Dexterity + Athetics, but: the difficulty~is variable
depending on the danger, complexity,-or frailty of the
surface.

Surface Type Difficulty

Water
Sriow
Lava
Razors
Wall
Ceiling 10

MET: Ivitermediate Gift. This Gift allows the Star-
gazer to run-across just about any -surface without
suffering any umdue penalty,solongas they donot slow
down from a run while crossing. Most of the time this
Gift is automatic, provided these conditions are met,
but at the Narrator's discretion truly hazardous sur-
faces such as lava or outlandish ones such as the ceiling
may require a-Physical test (retest Athletics).to cross
successfully.

* Seven Mile Leap (Lével Three) —- The name
of this Gift is-a bit of a misnomer, since it doesn't
technically allow a Trance-Runner to leap seven milés
up into the air. What it does do, however, is effectively
increase the-~tautness -and tension of -her muscles,
making her a light and powerful adversary. She can
move quickly, jump-to obscene heights, and land
safely. This Gift is taught by any bird-spirit-

0 Ds OS Nn


System: Oncé learned, this Gift is always "on." It
grants the Trance-Runner allows her to triple the
distance she can jump (Werewolf, pg..197).

MET: Intermediate Gifts Once learned, this Gift
allows the Stargazer to triple the distance she can leap,
and grants her a free automatic retest-on.all non-
combat tests involving jumping.

Yer

Stargazer tradition includés many ceremoniés and
customs, many of which translate directly int6 super-
natural rites. Much of what a Stargazer learns is exem-
plified through these rites. Rites aren't merely a means
to.an end, they aren't tools meant to-gain some new
ability, skill,.or power... They're exacting traditions
meant to give the Stargazer a deeper understanding of
herself, her tribe, her ancestors -—— and how all of that
connects with the Emerald Mother. Yes, they often
come with boons granted from the spirits; but even
without these fortunate blessings, the Stargazer would
still perform the rites because they are her duty as a
member of the tribe. Most rites among the Stargazers
are not secret, as they are meant for all to understand
and (when they are ready) to perform.

ie f Accor
She Fife of Vlesfing

Level One

The population of living Stargazers is growing thin,
and as such, many of .the tribe consider themselves
fortunate wheri encountering anew (or previously unmet)
Stargazer. This rite, known in India-as the "Rite of
Namah-te" and in Chinaas the "Rite of Gong Xi," is meant
to allow two tribe members to greet one another with
proper respect... The rite is a traditional greeting that's
been used for many centuries. Two Stargazers meeting for
the first time place the flat of their palms against their
chest, and bow their heads at one another. They hold the
bow for as long as necessary, and then each Garou takes
a small smear of ash. or soil and anoints the other's
forehead with it: Finally; both Stargazers utter a prayer to
Gaia. The meanings to this ritual meeting are many. It is
a wish for extended friendship, but in it is -also- the
unspoken wish to have both minds joined in service to
both Gaia (the Emerald Mother) and the Jade Emperor.
Both Garou are equal in the eyes-of those two cosmic
forces; even if they are not technically equal in rank. In
this meeting, egos are set aside and the two are —=
however briefly — conjoined in the service of Gaia.

System: A Stargazer may only enact this rite when
meeting another Stargazer for the first time. If the two
have met previously, the rite may be performed, ‘but
without any spiritual benefits. Each Stargazer bows his

74 Stargazers

LEE Ee Es ET ET A A

head fora number of minutes equal to theother Stargazer's
Rank. When the rite is completed, the player rolls
Charisma +. Rituals (difficulty 6).1f 1-2 successés are
rolled, the Stargazer gains asingle die on any Social roll
involving the encountered Garou. However, if 3 or
more successes are rolled, the Stargazer also gains a
Willpower point alongside the bonus die.

MET: Basic Rite. Once the rite as described has
been performed, the ritermaster must make a standard
Social test (retest Rituals, the other Garou -may not
relent); if successful,-she is considered two Traits upon
all friendly Social tests with the other Garou for the
rest of the session: This rite may only be used when
meeting another Stargazer for the first time. At the
Warrator's discretion, successfully using this rite when
meeting a particularly prominent or spiritually signifi-
cant Stargazer to-the ritemaster may also grant her a
temporary Willpower Trait.

Beart iets, Of flee SF"

Level Four

‘This rite allows a Stargazer to dampen her own ego
so she may give aid to those closest to her (typically her
pack or sentai). The werewolf meditates for an hour
beneath the moon and continually recites the follow-
ing in whatever language she chooses: "I give my body
to the hungry, my blood to the thirsty, my skin to the
naked, and my bones as fuel to those who suffer cold.
Il give my good fortune to the unlucky,.and may the
breath of my life restore the dying. Shame on me if I
draw «back from: this sacrifice! Shame on all who
hesitate to accept it!" Those she chooses to aid from
this-ritual find their spirits lifred and find a-renewed
sharpness to their minds.

System: The player rolls Strength + Rituals (diffi-
culty 7) and must spénd a Willpower point for each
werewolf within her pack orsentai that she intends to aid
with this rite. If she desires to extend the benefits of this
rite to another outsidé pack dt Sentai, she must spend two
Willpower points per individual not inher pack. For the
next 24-hour period, those "gifted" with the advantages
from this rite can ignore all wound penalties. At the end
of that 24-hour period, the Stargazer who performed the
rite must sleep for a full eight hours. Until she does, she
acts at +1 difficulty to all rolls.

MET: Advanced Rite. By meditating for an hour in
her breed form-and succeeding at a Physical test (retest
Rituals) against a difficulty of five Traits plus one Trait
for each member of her pack/sentai, the Stargazer may
render herself and her packmates immune to all wound
penalties short of death for the rest of the session/day.
Each packmate protected by this rite costs her a Will-
power Trait as well, paid when the rite iscompleted. She
may attempt to include non-packmates in this rite, but


ha

each such individual adds three ‘Traits to the difficulty
of the rite, and costs her two Willpower Traits instead of
just one. Any interruption to her meditation forces her
to begin the rite again —— she must remain out of contact
with everyone during her period-of meditation, in and
out of game. After this rite's duration passes, the Star-
gazer can do nothing except sleep for the next eight
hours, and has a one-Trait penalty on all actions taken
during the following downtime regardless.

7 PALEELAIE

Level Three

The rite called "Thaipusam" is an act of consecra-
tion meant to separate a Stargazer from' the profane
world and officially become ‘part of the greater sacred
sphere. Few Stargazeérs practice it; it's mostly prominent
among the Stargazers of India, despite the fact that its
origins actually lie among the native peoples of Malay-
sia. At its roots, Thaipusam is an act of ritual piercing:
The Stargazer, after washing his hands in both milk and
honey, then pierces his own flesh to insert a ring. While
chanting the universal mantra (aum), salt is rubbed in
the wound to heighten the pain and ensure that it won't
heal over immediately. The ring itself needn't be made
of any specific material, though may Stargazers favor
simple rings of steel, jade, or hematite, though some
decorate their bodies with more ornate trimmings. The
bodily location of the piercing also is insignificant.
Many pierce their ears, lips, nipples, and some even go
so far as to pierce genitals, the flesh.around the throat,
or bunches of pinched skin around the forehead. Many
elder Stargazers can be seen with countless rings adorn-
ing their scarred bodies.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Rituals (diffi-
culty 7).1f the roll is successful, the riternaster takes a
single, unsoakable aggravated level of damage. For the
month following the enacting of the rite, the Stargazer
may freely step in and out of the Umbra without a roll.
Merely concentrating -on the cleansing pain -of the
Thaipusam rite allows her to ease between worlds with
nary athought. Thisrite may only be performed (for its
benefit) once a year.

MET: Intermediate Rite. By performing a suitable
ceremony and makinga Physical test (retest Rituals), the
Stargazer immediately suffers a level of aggravated dam-
age, which cannot be blocked by armor or any other
form of defense. Provided these conditions are met, for
a full lunar month afterward she may step in and our of
the Umbra without a need to make a Gnosis test; all she
requires is a reflective surface: If the chronicle's sessions
are generally held too far apart for this rite's duration to
be very useful, the Storyteller may rule that the normal
duration is instead changed to a set number of sessions
instead; generally between two .and four sessions is

See see ees en reese en PE ae me

sufficient. The damage incurred by this rite may be
healed normally without any consequence to the rite.

Re of Reldiancng

Level Three

This variation on the Rite of Renunciation -has
béen all but lost — though some Stargazers know it and
see it as the only means to bolster their tribe's numbers.
By means of this rite, a Garou of another tribe loses his
tribal affiliation' and instead becomes a- Stargazer in
blood, if not by birth. The Garou wishing to become a
Stargazer may: not perform. this rite herself; .it-must
instead be performed upon her by an able and willing
ritemaster. In this rite,-the ritemaster must take the
Garou beneath the new moon and together they must
stand ina body of running water (acreek, stream, or river
will do)..The ritemaster must, with a claw, etch the
Stargazer glyph into the Garou's body, and let the blood
mingle with the flowing water below. The Garou mustn't
let this wound heal right away, and instead must allow
it to scab over and become a natural scar. After seven
days has passed, the Garou is now a full-blooded member
of the Stargazer tribe regardless of her tribe of origin.

System: The rite is performed according to the
description above. The player rolls Charisma + Rituals
(difficulty of the Rage +.2 of the changing Garou, toa
maximum of 10)..The river washes away a Garou's
tribe,-and ‘it also removes any semblance of Rank.
Garou with this ritual performed willingly upon them
begin at Rank 1. The Garou may keep the Gifts she has
learned from her old tribe, but she is unlikely to learn
any new ones except under very special circumstances.
However, Stargazer Gifts are now available to her. The
Garou may never return to her old tribe, nor will she
ever gain favor again with her past tribal totem.

MET: Intermediate Rite. By performing a cleans-
ing ceremony and making a Social test (retest Rituals)
against a-difficulty of two Traits plus the changing
Garou's Rage rating; the Stargazer may wash away her
subject's former allegiances and welcome her into the
Stargazer tribe. Garou subjected to this rite effectively
become Cliath once more, of the Stargazer tribe ——
while they retain any Gifts learned from their old tribe,
it isextremely unlikely their former tribe's spirits will
be willing to teach the deserter any new ones, and he
can never go back regardless of the circumstances.
Only willing Garou may accept this rite.

Caer FOL
ie of the Banting Pleat

Level Five
These days, Stargazer caerns are particularly vulner-
able places. There is, however, a rather perilous Stargazer

Chapter Three: The Trials of Balance a5

————————————_—__ OD AS NS

4

rite that some have learned in case their caern is threat-
ened and beyond the ability of the guardians to protect it.
With this rite, a Stargazer may take the powerful heart of
the caern into her own heart and secret it away from the
place so its power may be planted anew, or at least added
to the strength of an already existing caern.In performing
the rite,.a single Stargazer must first successfully perform
the Rite of the Opened Caern. Once this iscomplete, the
werewolf must then. consume some -part of the land
surrounding the caern —— this may be soil from the
ground, water from a lake, or éven pieces of brick or
concrete if it's an urban caern. Finally, the Stargazer must
plead with the totem spirit of the caern, begging and
cajoling until finally the caern heart is relinquished for a
time, taken deep into the Stargazér's own still-beating
organ. But this rite carries with it an exhausting price; the
Stargazer who takes this burden unto herself will die soon
after performing the rite, as her flesh is sirmply too frail to
handle the potent energies that accompany acaern'sown.
spirit. Her time to affix the caern's heart back to the flesh
of the Emerald Mother is severely limited. Knowledge of
this rite is exceedingly rare.

System: As directed, the Stargazer must first success-
fully open the caern using the Rite of the Opened Caern.
After consuming some part of the caern, the player must
roll for the Stargazet to engage in a contest of pleas and
supplications versus the caern's totem spirit..-The player
rolls the ritemaster's Charisma +> Pérformance, with -a
difficulty of the caern's rating + 4. Even a single success
allows the caern heart to be "carried" by the Stargazer, but
every success increases the time the Stargazer may "carry"
the caern with her. One success allows the Stargazer to
hold the caern spirit within for a number ofhours equal to
10 minus the caern's rating. Every success beyond the first
onthe roll allows for one full day to be added onrothe time
allowed. If the Stargazer attempts to keep the caern
within past this "time limit," she takes one unsoakable
ageravated level of damage per hour until she dies. If the
Stargazer dies, the caern dies and cannot be recovered.

"Dropping" the -caern-heart into a-new location
requires that a number of permanent Gnosis points be
spent equal to the caern's rating. If the Stargazer does
not have the requisite Gnosis to spend, she may take two
ageravated levels per one Gnosis point missing. She
must still spend at least one permanent Gnosis point in
this manner, however, or the caern is not re-anchored
to anew location...At any time during the "carrying" of
the ¢caern's heart,.the Stargazer may simply reject the
caern spirit and eject it from her form without any roll
or Gnosis expenditure — but this unequivocally de-
stroys the caern, and it may never return.

MET: Advanced Rite. After opening the caer and
consuming some part of it, the Stargazer may plead with

76 Sfargazers

OLE Le TT LT A

the caern torem to permit this rite, ultimately entering
a Social test (retest Performance) against a. difficulty
equal to the caern's rating plus four Traits. If successful,
the Stargazer may "carry" the caern's heart within her
for a number of scénes/hours equal to her Rituals rating
"each increment beyond that inflicts a level of aggra-
vated damage, which cannot be prevented or healed by
any means until the caern has been released. If the
Stargazer dies before releasing the caern, it dies with her
and cannot be recovered.-At the Storyteller's discre-
tion, for dramatic purposes the duration of this rite may
be increased to days instead of hours with the expendi-
ture of a permanent Willpower Trait. "Dropping" the
caern heart into anew location requires the expenditure
of a number of permanent Gnosis Traits equal to the
caern's rating; if the Stargazer does not have the requi-
site amount of Gnosis, she may make up the difference
ata cost of two levels of aggravated damage per Gnosis
Trait missing. She may do this even if the damage kills
her,.essentially sacrificing her life to ensure that the
caern continues in its new location.

Ast any time while "carrying" the caern, the Stargazer
may voluntarily reject the caern spirit and eject it from
her form without any tests or Gnosis expenditure, but this
immediately destroys the caern; and it may never return.
Needless to say, such a vile act is perhaps the greatest
treason.a Garou can perform, and unless the Stargazer can
justify the action extremely well (not to mention quickly),
she is likely to face an extremely gruesome death at the
hands of her fellow Garou. On the other hand, no form of
control or pérsuasion (supernatural or otherwise) can
force the Stargazer to give up the caern against her will-—
allsuch attempts automatically fail. She must do it of her
own. free will, for better or worse.
igor of fle Pignary~ed

Level Two . foe ee

Two things are important to many Stargazers: the
veneration of their ancestry and the tamping down of
uncontrollable Rage. This ritual is-an answer,.sorme-
what, to both of these presumed Stargazer "duties."

With thisrite @whichcanonly be performed under the
werewolfs own birth moon) a Stargazer calls upon his
ancestors to help him understand some mastery (however
temporary) over his anger, wrath, and fury. The Garou
must sitin the middle ofan empty room, or ifoutdoors must
perform the rite where there are no people within sight.
Then, the Stargazer must concoct a makeshift shrine to his
ancestors, cobbled together of items that were important
to his ancestors or somehow symbolize the' departed.
Finally, the Garou must also place two slips of paper, one
inveach palm. On these slips of paper, called kangshin, there


must be written a list of her ancestor's names. From there,
the Stargazer meditates upon her antecedents, and seeks
enlightenment from those who have come before him.
Come morning, the werewolf will find that his Rage
has been lessened.. The primal fury within. has -been
dampened, and up until the next dawn of his auspice
moon, the Stargazer can try to deny any frenzy with a
simple memory of her ancestor's wisdom. The vigor of the
departed is thus transferred, for a short time, tothe Garou.
System: The Stargazer must pérforin the-rite as
described above:.The player rolls Charisma + Rituals
(difficulty 8). If even one success is obtained, the rite is
successful. When successful, the Stargazer can attempt
to deny any potential frenzy that may happen until the
next rise of his auspice moon: The player may re-roll any
failed frenzy check called for during this period; the
results of the second roll stand. If the roll to perform the
rite fails, nothing happens..If the-roll botches,.the
Stargazer enters an instant frenzy~that lasts for the
remainder of the scene. This rite only functions when
performed under the Stargazer's own birth moon.

Siytndg Pack flie SEL"

Level Two

Also called the "Rite of Lalu-chilu," this rite is meant
tohelp a Stargazer track the next incarnation of another
of his tribe. Incarnations are important to the Stargazers
—— when one dies, it's believed that, while their spirit
may linger for atime, the Emerald Mother returns them
quickly to-the world to do her work once again.-The
quandary is then; so why aren't there the same number
of Stargazers now as there were in the beginning? The
problem is, new Garou aren't being born. The body is
like a vessel, and while in the womb it sits, vacant of the
ancestral incarnation.-But the biology is already deter-
mined. While the ancestral spirit may "become" the
new child, that new child is more than likely not a
Stargazer werewolf. Hence, the incarnations are still
being born, but into the bodies of kin, not Garou.

To perform this rite; the ritemaster must be present
at the death of the Stargazer whose soul he wishesto track.
Once the Garou has departed, this rite must be performed
within twelve hours, or it will provide no answers. The
one performing the rite mixes some of the fallen Garou's
blood in a bow! with equal parts milk. The liquid must be
stirred by the ritemaster's own fingers or hands, and then
a piece of cake or bread must be soaked thoroughly in the
mixture. The ritemaster eats the bread or cake, and when
next he sleeps, he will be granted a vision of the newborn
meant to house the next incarnation of the dead Star-
gazer. He will also be given a location, but no name-or
other pertinent information. Many Garou performing
this will then. seek out the newborn caught up in.this

See ene ee ener ene en Pees SS ee

transmigration of souls in the hopes that a kin-fetch spirit
will be there and the child will be Garou.

System: The Stargazer must enact the rite as
described above, with all conditions -present... The
player rolls Perception + Rituals, and the difficulty of
the roll is the departed Garou's permanent Rage score.
The greater the successes, the longer the vision. This
allows the ritemaster to more clearly see details of the
identity (or other pertinent information) regarding
the child. At the Storyteller's behest, the-player can
roll a Perception + Investigation roll, with the diffi-
culty being 10 minus the number of successes gained
on the roll to perform the rite.. This roll can allow the
Stargazer to pick up on key details that may help-her
further track the ¢hild. Note that the presence of this
rite does not guarantee that any given Stargazer will
undergo a second incarnation; if all Stargazers reincar-
nated, the tribe would have no ancestor-spirits.

MET: Basic Rite. This rite must be enacted exactly as
described above, with all conditions present; the Stargazer
then makes a Mental test (retest Rituals) against a diffi-
culty of the departed Garou's Rage rating. If successful, the
Stargazer learns a number of facts about the child equal to
her Rituals rating, plus one additional piece of information
per Mental Trait she is willing to spend. Atthe Storyteller's
discretion, the Stargazer may also make successive Mental
tests (retest Investigation) to further track the child if this
rite is successful, though it should be noted that this rite
does not act asa faultless homing device, simply a collec-
tion of visions and information that make it easier to track
the child. Note also that this rite does not guarantee a
Srargazer will be giver: asecond incarnation, though ifshe
doesn't this rite will sense that fact as well.

Mtytfie Fifer

Level Two

The Stargazers; ever on aquest to answer the riddles
of the cosmos, often turn todivination to puzzle out some
of the more oblique conundrums of the universe ——
sometimes to even solve those questions that haven't yet
been asked. ‘There are many forms of divination avail-
able to Stargazers (or to anybody, really). Sciomancy is
divination by shadows or darkness. Divination by smoke
is called Capnomancy. Onomancy is the divination by
the letters in a person's name. Tephramancy is divina-
tion by ashes, catoptromancy is divination by mirrors,
and austromancy is divination using the wind as a guide.
There are other popular divination tools, as well. The
chosen -form of divination ultimately doesn't matter,
only that the Stargazer uses it and believes in it. The
Stargazer lays out her divination tools as proper (which
may involve throwing bones, dice, or standing on a peak

Chapter Three: The Trials of Balance 77

a SD <A NR

4

and examining the winds). The items before her then

literally become infused with their spiritual counter-

parts. Dice may begin rolling of their own accord, the

winds may begin blowirig and whisperirnigin the Stargazer's

Vy) "yj \ éar, and ashes may hang suspended in the air and reveal
a shadowy face..Secret truths are imparted to the Star-

YY gazer, though they are not particularly clear at first.
Z System: The ritémaster rolls Wits + Rituals (diffi-
= «0 culty 7).She must perform the divination for at least the .

BAAN uy scope of an entire scene. Each .success.on the roll to
Ze ~ . perform the rite allows her to "collect" an additional

Enigmas die that may be used ara later time. These added
bonus dice do mot need to-be used all at once..(For
instance, Matthias Heavens-Turning performs the rite
and achieves four successes with translate into added dice
for later Enigmas rolls.. The next day he is trying to solve
a particularly frustrating riddle given to him by his men-
tor,-so he uses three of the four dice then. The following
night he isstargazing, seeking truth about his own mission
from the celestial bodies, and he adds his final bonus die
to the Enigmas roll called for by the Storyteller.) ‘The
additional. dice, if unused after 24 hours,.go away..A
Stargazer can only perform this rite once in a given week,
and thus may not accumulate further bonuses by perform-

ing this rite several times in a row.

MET: Basic Rite. By performing divinatory feats
for a scene and making a Mental test (retest Rituals),
the Stargazer may acquire a number of bonus Traits
equal to her Rituals rating plus two Traits per Rank of
the ritemaster. These bonus Traits may only be applied
to tests involving the Enigrnas Ability, though they
need not all be used on the same test if she desires.
Another Garou or kin may benefit from this rite at the
ritemaster's desire, but they must be present during the
entire divinatory process and possess at least one level
of the Enigmas Ability for this rite to be of any use to
them.:- This rite may only -bé performed -once per
session, and multiple uses are not cumulative. .
Rie of flee Seed of Pare

Level Three ;

Desire, in-and of itself, is unavoidable. Everybody
wants something, and few Stargazers deny this. However,
many Stargazers also openly deny ‘their own. desires,

giving in only to the beneficial desires of others (or the
desires of the world). Lust, greed, gluttony -—— these rs -

traditional "sins" are also the seeds of desire that afflict all.
Strargazers would seem the model of desire denial,-and
gs
many of them are. Unfornmately, however, this repres--
—— sion also lends itself to the theory that every action hasan
GEL eS equal and opposite reaction; and sometimes tampin,
= q PP ping

Es = LM, 4 —— down. one's own desires causes therm to pop up later at
we! Bie Wi EE ‘ WS

twice the strength. The longer one denies, sometimes the
harder it is to deny the sweet succor of want.
ee

This ritual helps curtail that, to a-degree. When
performed, it literally gives spiritual form to a Stargazer's
desires,.in the form of an Urge-Spirit. In the Umbra,
around the Stargazer, the Urge-Spirit manifests and:can
thus be communicated with, defeated, or even bound
into a fetish. If the spirit is thus diminished,-so are the
Stargazer's prevalent "bad" desires. This rite is only per-
formed on those Stargazers found truly desirous of nega-
tive things; however. For instance, a Stargazer with a bad
chocolate habit or unrequited love in his heart doesn't
usually count as one who is besieged by negative urges.
Only those Stargazers who are plagued by grievous desires
(or who have already given into them) are the subject of
this rite. A: Stargazer who is addicted to pain medication
(or, alternatively, pairi) is a good choice, as is a Stargazer
with a dangerous love of money, women, or alcohol.

The ritemaster must spend at least eight hours in
the company of the "afflicted." After the eight hours is
complete, the ritemaster. must speak the mantra of
desire (Aum-Klim) over the subject before blowing
bone dust in-the'subject's face.

System: The rite must be performed as above. The
player rolls Charisma + Rituals. The difficulty begins
at 10, and is reduced by the number of Willpower
points spent. Both the riternaster and the subject of the
rite can spend Willpower to reduce the difficulty of this
roll. The successes achieved determine the tempera-
ment and demeanor of the Urge-spirit that manifests
according to the following results:

Successes ~ Effects
1 Spirit comés eventually and is initially hostile
2 Spirits manifests quickly, but is still
initially hostile
Spirit comes immediately and is neutral
Spirit comes immediately and is passively benign
Spirit Comes immediately and is friendly
Ifthe roll botches, there are disastrous consequences.
The Urge-spirit doesn't manifest, but becomes Wyrm
taint that afflicts both subject and ritemaster.

If the Urge-spirit is successfully summoned and dealt
with, the subject is "clean" of the negative desire (although
it may grow strong again if unchecked). If the spirit isn't
successfully dealt with and is allowed to escape and return
"home" to the Stargazer at the end of the'scene, the subject
loses one point of Wisdom renown, and the ritermaster
loses two. The Urge-Spirit has the following Traits:

Willpower 7, Rage 9, Gnosis 5, Essence 20-30

Charms: Materialize, Blast, Corruption

MET: Intermediate Rite: After performing the rite as
described, the ritemaster must make a Social test (retest
Rituals), against a.difficulty of twelve Traits.— each
Willpower Trait spent by the ritemaster or the subject of

Wy fb

Se nee ees en ese en PEY SE ee

the rite reduces this difficulty by one Trait. If successful,
the ritemaster must immediately make three Simple
Tests (retest Rituals) ——~ if she wins all three tests, the
Urge-spirit appears and is friendly. If she wins at least one
but not-all three tests, the Urge-spirit appears and is
neutral. Ifshe fails all chree tests, the Urge-spiritisactively
hostile to their intentions for the rest of the scene. Once
the spirit appears, the ritemaster and thesubject must find
some way to successfully deal with it and the desires it
represents ——- bargaining, riddle contests, reasoned de-
bate, etc.. Simply attacking the spirit is considered un-
couth in the extreme, and the rite is considered a failure
if the best the Stargazer cam think of is to try to thump on
her manifested urges. Likewise, none outside of the the
ritemaster and the subject can interfere. If the spirit can
be successfully dealt with by the end of the scene, the
Stargazer is freed of the base desire (though it may recur
if she is not careful); and both Garou gain in Wisdom
Renown; if the spirit is not handled appropriately by the
end of thescene, itre-enters the Stargazerand both Garou
lose Wisdom Renown. Needless to say, the Spirit Keeper
should be alerted to this rite's use,-preferably well in
advance so that he has time to learn about the desire in
question and prepare a suitably terrifying embodiment of
the Srargazer's own inner corruption.

Pp IES) TLLEL
kgriauge Of Neon Eatng

Level Four

This rite is forced upon a Stargazer who has €om-
mitted a grievous sin against sept or tribe. It is reserved
for one who-has brought deep shame to himself and
others. The Stargazer's hands are bound, and he is lead
over a period of months toa number of Stargazer holy
places. At each caern, the offending Garou must eat
ashes while the caern guardians condemn .and then
ignore the Stargazer. At the final caern, upon complet-
ing this grim pilgrimage, the Stargazer's entire identity
and memory fall away, toppling like a house of cards
that ean never be rebuilt... He becomes tabula rasa,.a
clean slate, unable to regain" the most simple and
intimate of memories —- not even his own name.

Most of the tribe views this rité as the utmost of
punishments, but a rare few view it as a reward. Some
believe that one of the highest -states~of being' is
actually astate of non-being, and they seek to have this
rite performed upon. them-~so that their-souls may
transcend. There is an even lesser held belief that this
rite is useful for curing Harano; however, to make that
worthwhile, one would have to find a way to allow the
old memories and identity to resurface after the rite is
completed, but as yet, nobody has come forth witha
means to make that happen.

Chapter Three: The Trials of Balance 79

a A TT


3

System: The ritemaster must travel with the Star-
gazet to be punished, and must escort him toa number
of caerns equal to the offender's Rage score..The
punished must be taken tothe very heart of each caern,
where each guardian congregates, aiding in the ritual
as defined above. Once this pilgrimage is completed
and all.caerns have been visited accordingly, the
player rolls Charisma + Rituals roll (difficulty of the
offender's current Rank + 4). If successful,-the pun-
ished Garou loses all Renown,;and must start anew. He
also loses his identity and all the memories associated
with it.-All other Traits, however, remain the same. If
this rite fails, it's assumed to be a sign from the Emerald
Motherthat the offending Stargazer can be redeemed
by other means. A. botch on this roll means that the
ritemaster loses five points of Wisdom; and the offend-
ing Garou loses nothing (including his memory).

MET: Advanced Rite. After traveling to a number of
caerns as described above, the ritemaster must make a
Social test (retest Rituals) against a difficulty equal to the
offender's Rank plus four Traits: If successful, the pun-
ished Garou loses all Renown and Rank, and must begin
anew, with all memories of his old identity lostalong with
his reputation. His Traits remain the same; however,
though he is unable té use any Gifts of higher Rank and
must re-learn them when he has reached the appropriate
Rank once more.(T hese cost one less Experience Trait to
re-learn, however.) ‘A failure‘on the test to perform this
rite is generally believed to indicate that the offendercan
be redeemed by other méans. Needless to say,due to the
involved nature of this rite and the number of locations
it requires, it is best handled during downtime, and the
Storyteller is highly encouraged to make it as memorable
as possible —— this may well be the offending Stargazer's
last hurrah, in this identity at least.

Mtincr ver
VER CECHHOTEY

The Stargazer tea' ceremony is a both a-social
occasion and a meditation practice. It allows a Strar-
gazer to center herself, both through uncomplicated
conversation and through the calming simplicity of
drinking hot tea.

System: The Stargazer must engage in the tea
ceremony with at least one other person (they need not
be a Garou) once a day for an entire lunar cycle: Should
the Stargazer do so, she gains an extra die on all rolls
involving understanding the motivations and desires of
others. If the Garou misses even a single day's ceremony,
she must start anew during the next lunar‘cycle.

Acet(or Vtg Erviftore

As has been stated, Stargazers are often <loser to
their forebears and spiritual ancestors than most other

80

Stargazers

OLE LL Ps SL YT a A

Garou. They ténd to erect and maintain sometimes
simple, other times elaborate shrines to their anteced-
ents, hoping to gain favor from them and elevate them
above their once-livingstations. Many Stargazers sit at
these.constructed ‘shrines and pray in an effort to
venerate their ancestors, partially to honor them, and
partially to gain a-greater comnection to them.

System: The Stargazer's shrine must be composed of
items appropriate to their aricestors —— ancestral items,
pictures, writings, or anything else that elicits an honor-
able and wise memory of them. If the Stargazer worships
and prays at the shrine for at least an hour, every day, for
amonth, he may reroll one die on any Ancestors roll (the
second result stands, however) provided he makes an
effort to continue venerating his ancestors daily.

Miers ard TfL
Moen Cpr plat kL (Lf: /derzt)

Your body is decérated with small brown or pink
birthmarks; each one -no larger than a penny. They
typically show up on.one's back... These "birthmarks,
known. in India .as mewas, are considered "holy" and
those bearing such marks are afforded honor..The
marks are also used in some forms of divination, and
they're often similar to star patrerns or constellations.
Those with these marks have an extradie on all Social
rolls involving Stargazer Theurges. This Merit maynot
be taken-by a metis Stargazer with the "Birthmarks"
deformity.

MET: You are considered two Traits up onall
friendly Social tests with Stargazer Theurges, even if
they have yet to see your birthmarks —-they simply are
more likely to be well-inclined with you, even if they
don't know exactly why at the rime: These birthmarks
need not bé visible to gain the benefits of this Merit,
though players that go to the trouble of representing
them well with. makeup may receive an. additional
Experience Trait at the Narrator's discretion.
SPangotl Set (3 fA: A tertZ)

Your ancestors were a particularly calm and spiri-
tual lot. As such,.it's extraordinarily simple for you to
fall into a trance-like meditative state. More impor-
tantly, meditation allows an advantage that others
may not necessarily receive: A successful Meditation
attempt (3 or more successes) combined with at least
an. hour's*worth of meditation gives the user back a
temporaty Willpower point.

MET: By using the Meditation Ability to enter an
uninterrupted trance state for at least half an hour,the
Stargazer may regain a Willpower Trait. This benefit
may only be gained oncé per session, and may not be
used more times per story than the Stargazer has levels
of Meditation.


One of your ancestors was atypical for a Stargazer.
Not only was he far afield from the path of moderation
attempted by most of your tribe, but he embraced his
wrathful anger and allowed his Rage to consume him
all the more. As such, if a Rage roll reaches three
successes (not four), you enter frenzy. Doing this too
often can earn you shame from your tribe, along with
potential damage to your Wisdom Renown.

MET: Once per story, typically ata very critical or
dramatic moment, the Narrator may automatically
rule that you immediately enter frenzy when suffi-
ciently provoked —~ you receive no test to resist this
frenzy, and cannot spend Willpower to subdue or
direct it, though you also need not fear falling into the
Thrall of the Wyrm either. If the circumstance is
particularly appropriate to your Enraged Ancestor's life
or personality, this frenzy lasts for the remainder of the
scene. The Narrator has final say over what circum-
stances trigger this heightened frenzy state, and you are
encouraged to work with the Storyteller to develop a
history and personality for your ignoble ancestor. Note
that you need not possess the Ancestors Background to
take this Flaw — indeed, you may have no idea why
you get these strange feelings from time to time...

TPIS

While other tribes may seek out and follow the
Totems listed below, the Stargazers have long held
special pacts with these particular spirits.

SOPESA Of "as
Stszaks fle Tae Sra

Background Cost: 5

Suzaku was one of the first birds who claimed
allegiance with the Emerald Mother, and as such was
able to take a place of prominence and leadership
among all otHer birds. This avian empress is haughty
and disdainful to those who aren't with her; but all who
follow her as her children are accorded much favor.
She teaches her children to be highborn and always
strive to be the "better" individual. Suzaku hasa rivalry
with Falcon and his followers.

Traits: Packs chosen by Suzaku gain three dice to
Leadership rolls. The avian empress also purifies the
blood of her children slightly, distilling it down to a
stronger bloodline. Each of her children may add one
dot to their Pure Breed score (though this may not be
above 5).

Ban: Suzaku demands that all pack members who
follow her must spend all their efforts (in other words,
at least one-third of their experience points) in im-

Se

proving their social skills (which may be Attributes,
Abilities, or social Gifts; Storyteller's prerogative).

MET: Suzaku's children gain a free retest on all
Leadership Challenges, and may increase their Pure
Breed rating by one, provided they do not to exceed
five levels of this Background in the process.

Soret of FU
Sya-atkeo fhe pte DF lger

Background Cost: 6

Bya-akko is a sleek and swift hunter, moving like
a fast wind. But he is a saddened creature, for his own
fleshly kin of albino tigers are largely gone from Gaia's
flesh, and he alternates between periods of sadness and
anger. He can be calm and wise one minute, but
bloodthirsty and manic in the next. Bya-akko has
identified the enemy who he believes destroyed his
children —— the Weaver.

Traits: Bya-akko grants each of his children one
dot of Dexterity to help keep them quick and nimble.
He also permits his packs three extra dice on any attack
or defense roll involving specifically claws or teeth (no
melee weapons). The White Tiger appreciates when
his children rely on their own natural weapons in war.

Ban: Followers of the White Tiger must not own
tools of the Weaver. Items with more than one moving
part or electronic devices are the ones that earn Bya-
akko's ire. Simple objects (klaives, clothing, crowbars,
etc;) don't particularly anger him.

MET: Bya-akko grants his children a free Nimble
Trait, and they are considered three Traits up on all
attacking or defensive tests involvingspecifically clasws
or teeth (no melee weapons). The Narrator may sus-
pend this latter benefit if the players are constantly
inventing fantastic situations and justifications simply
to receive this benefit.

Sores of 4 gderya
Stteyie fhe Ieure Fragen

Background Cost: 8

Seiryuu is an ancient sea dragon, as primordial and
old as water itself, and is cousin to Uktena. He travels
to the deepest dark of the eldest oceans and from there
is able to plumb the depths for lost secrets and the
answers to forgotten riddles.

Traits: Seiryuu allows his children to add their
permanent Gnosis score toany rollinvolving Enigmas,
thus allowing them to unravel the world's most puz-
zling secrets. He also grants them the ability to breathe
underwater, for many elapsed truths can now only be
found in the bottomless watery depths of the world.

Ban: Seiryuu asks that his children bathe twice aday.

Chapter TAree: The Trials of Balance 81

— RU 2 =a ED


MET: Seéiryuu's' children add their permanent in this category. In addition, Genbu's packs receive a
Gnosis rating to their Traits on any Enigmas tests, and free retest on all Stealth and Subterfuge tests when trying
they may breathe underwater freely... They have no to avert attack .or other danger (not infiltrating the
special immunity to the pressure or temperature of the enemy stronghold or setting him up for a fall).

depths, however. ZB y
VPA Of Cig ize
Eccn tii tle Folatde Forpodle Stargazers fashion fetishes when abso-

B d lutely necessary, but only when itserves
ackground Cost: 7 to complement a Stargazer's own
A. wizened old tortoise,

innate abilities —— not replace

as black as obsidian, Genbu is : them: Some examples of Star-
a slow but powerful thinker. gazer fetishes (including
> three Ancestor Fe-

He is often mistaken for a Ss,

tishes) .are-in-

cluded below.

Totem of Wisdom because :
of -his. reliance..upon
thought ‘to solve -prob- . =
lems, but hé-also-en- . eS ») . = 2

joys using thought to

outwit his enemies. Lével One,
He .is a cunning Gnosis 7
enemy, ordinarily lf acStar-

underestimated,
and his elaborate
schemes are of-

ten bizarre and
uripredictable.
The children
of Genbu- are

gazer-binds a
Chimerling
into a red Chi-
¥ "nese lantern, she
f can create this fe-
tish.- When: acti-
vated, the lightof

much the the lantern
same —seem- (which -glows of
ingly sedentary its own > accord)

beings waiting
until the right
moment to
spring ...theéir
long-designed
trap.
Traits:
Genbu-..grants~ \
each .of his .chil-
dren a-permanent "
point of Manipulation,
even ifthis carries the At-
tribute over 5. He also grants
his followers the power to appear
harmless and unworthy of attack. Geénbu givés his

throws up a riddle
lettered in -shad-
"ows upon thewall.
This riddle can be

read by anybody, re-
gardless of any lan-
guage barrier -that

) may éxist..All who
see the riddle must
make Willpower rolls
(difficulty 8) not to try
to solve it. The riddle can
be solved bya Wits + Enig-
mas roll (difficulty 8). During that
time, those attempting to puzzle cut the shad-

packs three dice for Stealth and Subterfuge rolls that owy conundrum may not act, except to defend them-
can only be used when trying to avert atrack or other selves.. The power of this fetish lasts for an entire scene
danger. (or until the riddle is solved, whichever comes first).

Ban: The Black Tortoise asks that his children SF iger Bo
take pains to think before acting.

MET: Genbu's children-receive a free Beguiling
Trait, even if this takes them over their Trait maximum

Level Two; Gnosis 7
This fetish is-a-set of tiny bells, often square and
gilded ornately, and are often worn around the wrists

82 ; Starg azers .

(rT ff

Ye


|

of Stargazers ona leather cord. They were once used to
calm wild animals by the court magicians of India and
China. Now, they serve a similar though. slightly
different purpose.. The Stargazer binds into the bells
the spirit of a calming wind or soothing waters. Upon
activation, the Stargazer may rattle the bells to' calm
and practically immobilize all spirits within a number
of yards equal.to her Gnosis. All spirits affected have
their movement reduced by three-quarters and may
not initiate attack on the Stargazer or on anything or
anyone else. Spirits may defend, however, if attacked.

MGarriia Pgger

Level Three, Gnosis 6

The phurba is aweapon common among both the
Demon-Eater campand the Trance-Runner camp, as this
weapon originated in Tibet and was utilized predomi-
nantly by both -groups.. However, many of them exist
outside of these camps and can be used by any Stargazer.

The dagger has a long handle anda short, flat blade.
The handle is decorated with many angry and terrifying
faces. The blade is often inscribed with prayers invoked
against evil. It was meant as a-weapon-of exorcism, but
also serves as an able dagger against any Oopporient. The
weapon. does the wielder's Strength in aggravated dam-
age (as a fetish knife), except against demons.-Against
demons, the weapon does Strength + .3 aggravated
damages..On an attack roll that gains three or more
successes, the blade drains a single Willpower point
from the target. To create aphurba, a Stargazer must bind
into it a spirit of suffering or sorrow.

Spcittor Fett ar

Ancestor fetishes aré above and beyond "simple"
fetishes. These items are not hastily-created items, but
items that once were held in the hands of the greatest
of forebears; they are rare and wondrous treasures, the
sort gained after great trials: One cannot simply pick
up a fetish item and expect to use it, not even in its
mundane state. Picking up an ancestot fetish to use it
requires binding oneself to it, a feat that requires the
expenditure of a permanent Gnosis point. Not doing
so will cause the item -to burn the wielder with an
unsoakable level of aggravated damage. These fetishes
are unique items.-Binding oneself to any of them grants
an additional two dice to Ancestors rolls

Gan Aiang, fhe potted J larriaertiol?

Level Six, Gnosis 8

Gan Jiang was .an-anciént swordmaker of the
Stargazers. His famous techniques of coaxing the spir-
its of his metal to obey him allowed him to fold the steel
over and over again, creating a strong, sharp blade. He
provided many of these weapons to his tribe, often

Pee 9a a Se

Chapter Three: The Trials of Balance

LS NT

creating fetish weapons for them to carry into battle.
He had away with the spirits, a natural ability to charm
them,.and entice them into his weapons.

One day, however, Gan Jiang's rapport with the
spirits got the best of him. Gan Jiang had a metis son by
another Stargazer, and one day a Jaggling of Chimera
came and told Gan Jiang a disturbing prophecy: His
metis son held great resentment toward his father for
siring a disfigured beast, and this resentment was strong
éven imhis current infancy. Gan Jiang didn't know that
this Jaggling was really a spirit of Kung-Kung, and that
the Great Corrupter sought to poison the swordmaker's
mind. Gan Jiang went that night and murdered his own
child, fearful that he had helped to sire a monster.

His tribe discovered his transgression. and pun-
ished him with a curse.-From then on, the metals
wouldn't give into his manipulations, and any forge he
used would barely even warm the metals, much less
make them malleable for forming. So he retired to the
countryside to live a life:in Harano: Before he did,
however, he created one last sword that didn't require
use of the forge or of his metalsmith gifts. He called that
sword after his own name, and left it in: the hands of
other Stargazers as recompense for his crime.

That sword is a Tai-Ji sword. The blade is made of
bound-together imperial coins in a-staggered pattern
(somewhat like a-thunderbolt)..The grip is a simple
wooden core wrapped in leather cording. It is a humble
sword without even the slightest edge to it. Bound within
it is an avatar of Chi-Rin, an Incarna similar to Unicorn.

When activated, the sword develops a sudden edge.
It directs the hand of the wielder in sudden tugs and
pushes,-and allows the Stargazer to strike at the most
vulnerable chakra points of the opponent. Every atrack
roll made with the activated weapon is at -1 difficulty;
the damage is Strength + 5, aggravated. The activation
of this weapon also confers one more benefit. When
holding Gan Jiang, the Stargazer feels that her own

chakras are vibrant and alive, andthis helps protect her ~

from damage. She gains +2 to every soak roll.

Feri. Prarie, fhe ctrcbary Cataps

Level Six; Gnosis 7

This ancestor fetish is actually an ancient bow and
quiver set that predates recorded history. Few Stargaz-
ers have actually been able to discern any truth at all
about this item, save that it's exceptionally old and the
spirits don't wish to discuss it: Rumor has it-that it is a
legitirnate relic from an old Stargazer myth. The myth
goes like this: The Stargazer called Seven-Eclipses was
called to court one day to be told thar the sun was
angry: It was twice as hot as usual, and seemed some-
how furious. Seven-Eclipses went out, and felt the heat

83

4

and saw the sun as a gigantic orb in the sky. Before his
very eyes, the orb separated, and suddenly there were
two suns. This replication. continued to occur until
there were ten suns in the sky. Plants caught fire from
the heat, men's hair singed down to the scalp, and
regular earth was burned intro black sand. But Seven-
Eclipses would have none of this, so he brought out his
bow and fired his magical arrows into each sun, extin-
guishing them one after the other. He destroyed nine
of the ten suns, but the temaining original sun began
to swell and grow again.

But then Seven-Eclipses saw it —~ a brief flash of
black behind the fire of the sun, and he fired an arrow at
the fleeting black spot. Coughed up out of the sun-flares
was a cloud of black feathers, and a jun-raven, an evil
Wyrm spirit, erupted from the womb of the sun.. The
raven's feathers turned to cooling rain and returned
Gaia from her burning agony ~~ but the jun-raven wasn't
finished. It flew into Seven-Eclipses' magical bow and
poisoned it. Seven-Eclipses went mad.

Legend suggests that this ancestral fetish was his
bow. Upon activation, Fanruo Jushu's quiver fills with
arrows and is never depleted. Any attack roll with the
activated bow automatically has one success attributed
to the roll (though this success can be removed with
subsequent botches).- Damage from one of the arrows
is seven dice, aggravated.

The "archer's madness" comes in. from the fact
that, upon activation, the bow temporarily poisons the
mind of the user (said to be the influence of the still-
bound jun-raven). The Storyteller must pick aderange-
ment, one that doesn't inhibit the attack, and for the
remainder of the activation (one scene) the Stargazer
suffers from the effects of this derangement.

Level Six, Gnosis 7

The figure of Karapatri is something of a caution-
ary oné among Stargazer legends. Karapatri (also called
the Lady of the Endless Dark) was an apparent lumi-
nary of the Jade Emperor's own spiritual Ministers.
Some say that her blood lineage actually includes the
spirit matter of the Emperor's own mystic judges.
Karapatri apparently grew so sad and so angry at the
way the world had become, that she decided to do
something abour it. She decided first to tackle the
corruption within her own tribe.

Those who Karapatri deemed "off the path" Jin
some fashion or another received a visit from her. She
never gauged one visitation the same as the next. One
Stargazer may have committed so grave a crime as to
have endangered a sacred caern, whereas another tribe
member may have simply had too much to drink the
night before. Karapatri would show up at night, and

84. Stargazers

OLE EE En Ps ET Oi I LL TA

she would appéar as a doppelganger of the punished.
They would see themselves reflected back at them
through her body, but the vision they saw of them-
selves would be lacéd with decay and rot, and theirown
sins could be read in Karapatri's: mimicking eyes:
Karapatri would achieve this effect using a gift from the
Jade Emperor himself, which is this Yellow Veil.

It's said that the Yellow Veil is-never found by a
Stargazer, but that the Veil itself does the finding,
seeking out a-worthy soul who is capable of being the
punishing angel-that the tribe needs at-any given
moment. Others suggest that the Veil works its way into
the hands ofa Stargazer who unknowingly has Karapatri
as his own ancestor. The truth remains unclear.

Activating this fetish causes its wearer to be seen
by the viewer as being a distorted mirror image of the
viewer herself. Being confronted by one's own. cor-
rupted twin has several effects. First is arerrible feeling
of depression and self-loathing, which results ‘in the
removal of two temporary Willpower points..(In the
case of Garou, this is also mirrored by a removal of two
temporary Rage points on top of the Willpower loss.)
Also, the viewer must answer all of the Veil-wearer's
questions; and she must answer them truthfully (though
"truth". is relative to the teller).1t's important to
remember that the viewer falls into a dreamlike trance
and not herself when under the effects of his fetish.
When the Veil-wearer is gone (or has deactivated the
Veil's effects), the target is left with an unbearable
desire to "do right," though again that urge -is some-
what relative to the individual. Any rolls the target
makes over the following lunar cycle toward the act of
"doing right" are done with .an extra die.

TAEPL

gnyperor? Joa

Gnosis 6

‘Tocreate these tea leaves, ajade-spirit must be bound
into them. They are black and deeply aromatic. They may
be brewed into atea and consumed accordingly, but they
may also be chewed for their effects: Consuming the tea
in..either manner sharpens the~senses .of the Garou
temporarily. For the next hour, the Stargazer may adda
single die to any rolls involving Perception.
Star De

Gnosis 7

This talén eases a Stargazer's passage into the
Umbra. This white; glowing dust must be spread in a
circle on the ground. When the Stargazer steps into
that circle and attempt to Step Sideways,-she'll find
that the Gauntlet has-been. reduced by one, thus
loweting the difficulty accordingly... To create Star


Dust, :oné must bind a'spirit of night or the heavens
into bone dust or grave earth.

SP Fade Sipser

A sentaiis ahengeyokai war party: It's similar toa
Garou pack, but often they are thrown together out of
necessity; rarely do they come together through choice.
Many Stargazers of the East,-as members of the Beast
Courts, become-part of sentai out of the needs and
wishes of the Courts themselves. They fight alongside
other Fera in an effort to free the Middle Kingdom
from the depredations of the Wyrm.

Recently; however, a strange phenomenon has
occurred. Once, as spoken of in Stargazer legend, the
Jade Emperor chose a small number of Stargazers to
serve as his eyes and hands in the world. These Stargaz-
ers, haphazardly thrown together without pre-existing
knowledge of one another, formed the Jade Sentai. For
many hundreds of years after, many Jade Sentai parties
came and went. Some died in battle, some fell to-old
age; and others still went mad with their missions. But
then, suddenly,.the voice of the Jade Emperor was
gone. He no longer chose Stargazers for the Jade Sentai,
and in fact one did not exist at all. The world for the
last thousand years has: been without a group such as
this. But recently, after the fall of Shigalu and with the
return of the Stargazers to their homelands, it hap-
pened again.-A Jade Sentai was created.

Boring fle Dade Sirtal

Unlike the Silver Pack of the Garou Nation, the
Jade Sentai-is-not chosen by other shapechangers.
There are no -contests of will,-no.games-of glory;
wisdom, or honor. There is*no.competition.at all,
because those of this group are called. It is not the voice
of the Jade Emperor that calis them, as once it was, but
now it is the voice of his Ministers. -A Stargazer hears
a voice in their dreams, a great booming thunderous
song that calls them to the Songgao Mountain in
China..There, the disparate Statgazers (who may be
chosen' from all over the world) come together and
wait for further instructions. Those who resist the call
gain a Derangement.as they go mad from denying the
cosmic force that beckons to them.

Three to five Stargazers (and alone must they be
Stargazers; no other tribe members or Fera are called)
comprise the Jade Sentai.. Their-auspice and Rank
doesn't matter, only that they are Stargazer Garou.
Once chosen, arid once they go to meet at the summit
of Songgao Mountain, their previous pack and totem
ties are severed in a blast of white light, and they are
granted (though some might say "leashed to") the
status of Jade Sentai members.

Sc acini tas aa reenaammrens eran nen SS es mens

Chapter Three: The Trials of Balance

EE

She Ahheyvor:

The goals and missions of the Jade Sentai remain
unclear.Clearly, they're.serving a higher power, for
the words of the Ministers resonate with much power.
The instructions that they follow are usually inservice
to Gaia,-and may involve rescuing a fallen caern,
seeking out an ancient spirit,.or speaking at a Garou
concolation. Sometimes, however, the instructions
are inscrutable and strange, and may ask extreme tasks
of the group. They may. be. directed to murder a
seemingly Wytm-clean business man...But why? No
explanations are offered, only the understated under-
standing that this must be done to assure balance is
kept in the cosmos: Will the young businessman goon
to found some horrendous company that will chew
apart Gaia's resources? Or will he become the flesh+
vessel for an. ancient escaping bane? No truth is given
in this regard, only that the action must be taken for
Gaia to remain safe:

The Jade Sentai can refuse — or fail— the tasks laid
out by the Ministers of the Jade Emperor..Doing so,
however, damages their Renown (-3 Honor, -3 Wis-
dom) and may invoke a Derangement -(Storyteller's
Prerogative).

Aaatving ple Padé Sérfal

One may not choose to leave the Jade Sentai.
Dying; of course, is one of the ways to leave the group.
Being a member of the Jade Sentai is a perilous life, one
that doesn't allow rest and puts allinastate of constant
tisk. However, if one member dies,-the -rest of the
Sentai is automatically disbanded. There are no more
commands from the Ministers, and all the benefits of
being one of the sentai disappear.-At that time, an-
other group will be chosen to serve thé Jade Empéror
and his Ministers.

And that is predominantly the other way to leave
the group, is when the Ministers simply see fit to dismiss
the sentai..No logic or reason-is-given behind such a
decision; the group members only know that suddenly,
they're no longer part of the legendary party. They may
resume lives of their own will, and in fact do whatever
they choose, for they are no longer bound. Many who
are discarded as such either move into a life of quiet
meditation Goining the ranks of the Tranquil Stargaz-
ers) or actually fall into Harano,. being so rejected.

The whims of the Ministers aren't clear: SomeJade
Sentai groups will be allowed to exist as members until
they are oldand withered, whereas others may serve for
a year and be "released" once whatever unfathomable
purpose has been fulfilled.

85

|

4

Kade Sérfe Jofera:
Feng-l teang, Cpe Or Of CRE

Background Cost: None. This totem may be
taken only by members of the Jade Sentai.

Feng-Huang is one of the original celestial créa-
tures who helped the Jade Emperor and T'ai-Shen
create the world. Feng-Huang is actually similar to the
Phoenix, in the fact that it is an immortal bird. But
there are a few key differences: First is that Feng-
Huang, while having the general appearance of a fiery
Phoenix, does not go through the cycles of death and
resurrection. Feng-Huang is a truly immortal creature
with an. unbroken cycle of life.-Also, Feng-Huang is
actually two birds married into one body. It is a male
phoenix (Feng) anda female phoenix (Huang) married
together in one body with two heads. Feng-Huang isa
wise, though somewhat alien entity, speaking in vast
riddles and puzzles to its children. It accepts whatever
Jade Sentai that the Ministers choose.

‘Traits: Jade Sentai mémbers with the Feng-
Huang totem gain 3 temporary Réenown- in' each
category (Honor, Wisdom, Glory). Each Jade Sentai
member-also. gains an additional die -in all rolls
involving interaction with spirits and an additional
die on all Gnosis rolls: Children of Feng-Huang also
teceive.-1 difficulty on attacks performed against
Wyrm creatures.

Ban: The members of the Jade Sentai mustn't
refuse the commands given by the Ministers. If they do,
they lose Renown (3 Honor,.3 Wisdom) for the first
transgression, and the second transgression gives them
a Derangement atop the Renown loss. The third
transgression opposing the Ministers' tasks causes the
Jade Sentai to disband. All of the benefits of Feng-
Huang disappear.

Rotetyaying a SP0eGaZEY

The Stargazers are almost a forgotten tribe. Their
numbers were low to begin with, and their population
continues to thin itself out. They have up and left the
world of the West toreturn totheirhomelands; buteven
that has been a bitter return: Some of their werewolf
brethren hate them for their choice, others long for their
return,.and some outright have dismissed them as a
casualty of war. But the Stargazers don't want to be
dismissed so readily. After sitting back and healing their
bruises, now they seek to return —— if not to the Garou
Nation properly, at.least to their prior strength.

It is a great time to step into. the shoes of these
tragic Garou, as there is sucha high level of potential
waiting in the wings with each and every member of

86 Sfargazers

LIE Ls ET TL ET iy 7,

the Stargazer tribe. They're a complicated group, with
ranks broken and direction lost. Playing one is nosmall
challenge. Here are a few things to remember should
you make your next character (or your current one) a
Stargazer Garou:

Stereotypes need not apply. It's easy to fall into a
trap with the Stargazers.-It's sometimes too easy to
mistake this tribe as a bunch of martial-artist,.Tao-
focused, sagely monastic Garou, but that is drastically
far from the truth. There are those that fit a bill similar
to that description, true: But the majority of the tribe
is nothing like that. While the overarching theme of
the .tribe is one thing, the. group .is-comprised of
individuals, and each individual can be wildly different
from one another, and wildly different from any stereo-
type conjured up.-Stargazers can, ultimately, be any-
thing you need them to be, provided they fit somehow
into the scheme of the tribe. Stargazers can be blood-
and-thunder warlords from India, spiritual ‘scientists
from Chicago; mad lupus wolf cubs from Tibet, ora
revolutionary freédom-fighter from Cambodia..They
don't need to know martial arts, don't necessarily need
dots in Meditation (or if they do, maybe they don't
enjoy meditation), and they needn't be Asian, either.
The Stargazer tribe-is predominantly Asian, simply
because that's the geographical location from whence
they were born. But they've had along time now away
from the homelands of the East: Their tribal heritage
is based on breeding, and in that time away from home,
they bred with people of all races, creeds, and lifestyles.
A-Stargazer Garou can. literally come from ariybody.

And they are flawed heroes: In the same vein-as
stereotypes, it's easy to think of the Stargazer character
as the wise, elder Garou. These Garou seem flawless in
their sagely advice, holding the keys tothe cosmos that
they will only parcel out to a lucky few. Again, it's not
like that. Sure, there are' Stargazers who think. of
themselves as such. Are they right? Hardly.. There may
be truths contained withiri,y ‘but their own shrewd
acumen is largely in their own minds. And the rest of
the tribe are werewolves who definitely don't have the
answers to the universe's most boggling -—problems.
They're probably aware of the questions, perhaps pain-
fully so, and they're likely in pursuit of such answers.
But they are not flawless, and in fact they're quite
flawed. Stargazers have faults and make mistakes like
anybody else: They can be prideful, they can be vain,
they can be damagingly self-conscious, and they can be
hateful toward themselves or others... They can have
addictions, phobias,.disfigurements. But they strive
past .their faults. They seek -to-elevate themselves
above their own limitations. And that's what makes
them heroes.


Stargazers are still werewolwes. Stargazers make a
big deal about their Rage. Some seek to moderate it,
some hope-to vanquish it, and fewer still hope to
embrace it. Ultimately, one of the tribal themes is that
the Stargazers aim to master the fury within. But
always remember that,no matter what, a Stargazer is
always a werewolf. Inside is a core of righteous anger
that grows out-of the pain ard suffering of Gaia. It
manifests itself a little at every moment, showing a
small part of itself in-the form of teeth; claws, bestial
eyes, and sinewy muscle sprouting rough lupine hair.
Werewolves are beasts, monsters driven to their own
brand of savagery and primal war-making. The Srar
gazers may hope to tamp that down; and in some ways
they're at least more successful ‘at it than other tribe:
have been. But it's still there. Their Rage, their ver
natures can be suppressed, but they can'tbe destroyed

Stargazers are a desperate lot. And why would
they be? The Apocalypse is ringing the d
Emerald Mother screams in pain with every

knife in the Wyrm and Weaver's hands...And the
Stargazers have had one upheaval after the other.- They
lost one of the biggest caerns and with it, many of their
greatest heroes. Then it seemed an all-out war against
them as the Wyrm took some of their other supplemen-
tal caerns: And now many of them have up and dropped
whatever they were doing in the West to resume a new
life and new outlook in the East. But even there, the
Beast Courts are slow to fully accept them: Their lives
are complicated, confusing, and strange. It lends itselfto
desperation. On the outside, the Stargazers may be a
calm veneer of spiritual self-mastery, but for the most
part, it has to be a show. On the inside they're a raging
tumult, desperate because it feels like the tribe — and
perhaps all the world —"has entered its last few days.
er person who doesn't want to die but knows

soon. But,as the poem says, this tribe willnot
, God night. They will rage against

CAapter Three: The Trials of Balance 87

— ENT



He sits with kings and heroes who aré passed

Into the everlasting, happy horne,

Whére no wars are, nor wounds ,-and good men dwell.
— The Mahabharata

The Stargazer tribe clings tenaciously to life. Its
ranks have grown thinner than ever. And in atime
that requires unity, they are -also- perhaps more
distant from-one another than. they have ever been
before. Some have grown disillusioned, others have
succumbed to the dark succor of Harano.. Many
attempt to walk a firm line, holding steady to tribal
ideals, whereas the rest have thrown caution to the

wind and learned to embrace the Zen chaos that the
world-offers.

What follows-are five ready-to-play Stargazer tem-
plates that can be used by both players and Storytellers —
as characters or simply as examples. Beyond that, there are
also several Stargazers'——. some still-living, others long-
dead — worthy of note that can be taken either asalliesin
this current age, or as Ancestors from the long-gone past.

Chapter Four: Champions of Suffering Virfre 89

0 SS ST A NG

Yimin

Kee Cilfore FPipcet

Quote: You like my new t-shirt? Bart Simpson makes me
laugh! Eh, you don't care. mm done with you.

Prelude: As a young girl of Ushiku City, 50 miles
outside of Tokyo, youhad an extreme fascination with all
things pop culture. You loved the goofy sounds of J-Pop,
manga; and anything American. When you were twelve
you got together with three of your friends and started
your own pop group, the Queens of Junk, and suddenly a
producer from Tokyo was interested in purchasing your
first single! It wasn't long before "Mr. America" was ona
handful of Japan's Top 40 stations.

But not long after you moved to Tokyo, away from
your parents and into your own apartment (at the age of
14), you began having dreams. Strange dreams where the
gigantic Buddha statue of your hometown begari speak-
ing to you. He told you that soon you would change, and
with that would comea whole new life. The dreams didn't
feel good; they: felt -instead like' nightmares.- But the
Buddha -was right..Something was happening. Some-
thing within you was changing.

One night a cluster of teenagers began hassling you
in Shinjuku Station, telling you that you-had to come
with them, that they would take you to the local Beast
Court (whatever that was) to begin your teaching. They
weren't human, they saidy and then théy told you that

neither were you.. You didn't want to hear them, didn't want to believe that you were
some monster and you'd have to leave your wonderful life..Feéling cornered with a
need to escape, you ran into the Takashimaya department store to hide and cry. And

there you changed. And you knew those boys were right.

Since then, you listened and went alorig: It tock awhile to get used to things,
but now you're a productive member of the Shomben Yokocho ("Piss Alley") sentai
in Tokyo. You run with a pack of boys, and it didn't take long to model yourself as
their leader whether they like it or not: Some of the old-hats and big-wigs of the
court treat you like you're still a little kid (so what if you're only 157), but they
don't know how cool you really are, do they? While they sit off, meditating and
humming and doing nothing, you and your merry war-makers wreak havoc
against the corrupted businessmen and criminals of the city as your old life floats

farther and farther away.

Concept: You've found new enlightenment through a sort of "Pop
Culture Dharma." You find the teachings of truth and wisdom in Top40
songs, TV shows from 1950's America, and Japanese anime. The
Weaver isnot your enemy; no, the Queen Spider of Reality is enough
ofa friend to keep you entertained at all hours, and if there's one thing

that you always need, it's entertainment.

Roleplaying Hints: -You're extremely sad at the loss of your life and burgeoning pop-
idol career, but you overcompensate with over-eagerness; annoying happiness, and devout
curiosity. You refuse to let anyone know that you're sad, because you're the princess, the
heroine,-the trickster priestess who is the power behind the throne. Anybody who doesn't
listen to you and worship the ground you walk upon, well, they can just kiss off, can't they?

Equipment: Stack of manga, trendy street -costumes;-trunk of cosplay costumes,

wakazashi

90
ee Gee -e,eaeR

A

tn

q

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Camp:

ats tL Miia
Sees

Pack Name:

Pack Totem:

Concept: Pop Culture Pring
tice

Player:
Chronicle:

AMIS
nt ECHO CF

Phgethcua
‘Strength, BROOO Chariama,

ee@ed

Dexterity. PROEO Manipulation, nl HOO intelligence. oe BOO O
Sramina, MBQ00 ne EOD Wins, See00
4

va og A bag
ARE Kensie
Be00 Aninial Ken. OOGOO  Compirer, a OOOO
AP OOOO Crafts. OOOO Enigmas, SBO00
e000 Tri fetes lavestigation, MROOO
SOOO Eriquerte, @eo00 | Law OGD
Empathy. 00000 | Firearms, OOCGOO | "Linguistics
E i MOD - Leaxt i @aQON Aedici
intimidation, OOO? Metee, Reno Drccule,
Primal-Urge, 20000 | © Performance ° Politics
Streetwise. OOOO Stealth, BROOO —- Ricuals,
Subterfuge, COCEo ~ Survival GOOG | Seience,
Scmmmuntaantiet fa LA Kea ae
Firakgrotunds iffy afr
Ancestors eeeco . Bersuasion __.
Cantacts weno. e ANIL ee
0000 | Paper Butterfly
9000 - Bal
OOOO 2
a
a meen
Glory
eodo00000%90 *OOO9008F
oOonoOoOnNoOooOo Sooo
ronor nnn CCEA Dwain
@e#ooo 00 0 006
maggoaoooa **ooooa°o
Wisdorn oomogaog
ee ooo oc OO OO aan TESLA BAER I mnie

»

Stargazers

Oe

Sy


Vargafis Woe slo" S1g CR:
Quote: Look at the little spiders dancing across their = GAZE

a
|
ri , , Name: Breed: Lupu Pack Namie:
web. Venomous spirits, pfah! Um hungry. Let's eat: 2 Pa nucpice. Pheurge peek ames ;
Prelude: You were born in the Shanghai Zoo, ga Chronicle: or Concept: Vengeful Wolf
NS where they took you from your parents and forced you" 14 Wau eeeatt taal pr
to be alone. Men smelling of grease and processed food De a EoS es SoScS | Inciteencs ceooc
bottle-fed you. They gave you injections of something SOE rr OO oe En mine NEES.
: earners wae lO gn Lid Ebel p
to make you docile. And then the people came. Be- Taint Sie Anentiigar
. : " + . Algttricss oo eeoo Animal Keo a@oo | Compurer ocd
hind scuffed-up plastic "glass" they watched you.-Chil- Ashleciss——@000 Crafts 9G000 Enigmas eeo0n
: a = © ©: Drive avestigaloR
dren pointed and laughed. Parents stared balefully Dodge ———— BOO || Exiquette 0000 | Law_—____00000
upon you. Intimidation eesce | Melee I Sooeg | Gesu eS eee
Years went by like this: You ate old meat. Your fur Samok ree Boece | Sed Sees Reais ee
was run with patches of mange. Your instincts sang out Subresiogs 90008 a Aaa pee SE
. . LATO iT, cf,
and called for a different place and a better time and Background we je
2 Ancestors. smooG ~~ Sense. preg"
you had dreams of running through forests and moun- Kinfolk —eeocc | Spirit ra
. . Pure Breed Sense Wyrm.
tain passes: But every morning when you awoke, you Rites Cecce
were still in'a cage, and you grew sad and angry. SSS fi Ss
. Laat amd
But then they came. Others; like you —— wolwés. Ghee Rage So i
: : 7 eeeweno 00 od raise :
But they helped you escape into the city. They took 2009 COCO OO TEA Goooe 48
you outside and taught you the ways of mitigating your Honor Wounded 9-2 9
<1: : : PODCLOCOCOSCOO g*eseeeocvcds Mauled | 2 3 Lk
fury until it could be used, like tooth and claw, to bring BAGH OGO Goaaeaaaag mae o
down the beasts that punished you for much of your eeecoccv0e ns a Pheer Pisa anit
young life: Your new pack gave your one-time jailera 2 Po oo 2 ee BOG seeeesocacce OBSESSIVE MIND GAMES
: 1 OaUoOMOmooOoa
name: The Weaver. Seeking vengeance; they
took you back into'the cradle of the i a al
world you hate, the domain of : Concept: Gaia is being held prisoner, just as
that cruel Queen. Spider. ou once were. The Emerald Mother suffers
¥y 3
They lead you but you can help: -You .can. speak to the
back into the spirits. You have an unforeseen ease slip-
heart of the ping in and out of the spirit world and
city. . can communicate with the small gods
\ of the forest and of the city effortlessly.
\ You use these skills to turn spirits awa
P y
from the harsh. terrors of the city. You
teach them how to rebél against the
Weaver and bring it down from the inside. You hunt
&
the alleys and back streets of Shanghai, and once in a
while return to the forest to. find peace and tranquility.
coe once more. But then you return to the city, knowing the
truth -of your mission. The Weaver shall pay,.for the
Weaver has imprisoned us all. Freedom -and ‘balance.
‘Those are your desires.
‘Roleplaying Hints: You make many allies and en-
> emies among the spirits of the city. Those who
8 P Y-
= will not help you are meant to hurt you; and
you attack them accérdingly. You are angry, im-

petuous, but in desperate search of controlling your
primal impulses. You-aren't angry at humans; it's not
their fault. They're shackled to the Weaver, just as you
once were. They aren't the casualties you seek; your true
enemy lies in the Mirror ‘Lands,..and you have-no problem
telling the rest of your pack that.
Equipment: None:

. CAapter Four: Champions of Suffering Virfixe 91

t

ADEPILS.

Quote: Do you like it? You don't understand it, do you? Sit Ai
there. Look at it for as long as you can manage ,.and then-look at it Name: Breed: Metis Pack Namie:

some more. You'll see the truth in my work. J ee tes Quspices Phitedox Consort: artist
Prelude: You were a-child of imbalance, born of a cou- q mamarerimmararmmn sane waits itt, Eb oy tie S op
pling that went outside of the natural way. You are the result Strona fom 00. Chaitin wee Percept _weoo
of inequity and dishonor. For all that,. you: weren't treated SEN ogee | Manipulation wow oieliigence #000
poorly; in fact, you were hardly treated ar all. The other sept Oe Ip
members ignored you, and your impetuous parents (whoever Aterntiens oO  peooe Animal ke __eSb00... Compare OW govoe 74
shiferi¢s OIL? Crafts, MOOD Enigma: ROO

they might've been) left right after you came struggling out of
the womb. It séemed as if nobody knew what quite to make of
you, or what to do with you. And so, for much of your youth you
were left to your own devices... You occupied yourself by

re, relelale le)
Eeiquecte

Fireare son IOC

AOQog

STA folele) ener EPIL CD
reproducing the world around you through drawing... You SRE ETRE cee AS Bacon OOOO
; - . seme cmmeraranasciee ec SROEL
scrawled on rocks, carved temporary pictures in the dirt, even okpronnntt Cd ttep, He
smudged your own skin with coal.-Other Stargazers taught Ancestors eeeco Greate Element
when you needed teaching, shepherded peacefully through 20000 | Ch Ti
. . > . 90000: Truth of Gaia.
your First Change, but ultimately? You were disregarded. pone
5 . _— ML.
That is, until an outcast elder came back to the sept and nar Cie —— ee
re 1: Efcee
immediately took you under his. + - WZ] ee eccccccc Braised y 8
tutelage. Sensinga ro / - moanenonoaaS Injured 1.
. aoe . * ed ~
kindred spirit,-he ‘ Mauled 3a B
: eee ooo ooo 0 Crippted ~S bm
took (it..upon pooRoneeon Incapocitared a
himself to fh ene PME ahi onaep nto
g u i d e 2 oe @@ @@ 8 0 0 0 CORSESSIVE MINED CFAMES:
aaeoneeog
oy Ou. ao

en

He prepared you with hours'of harsh
meditation, and scolded you for your
lineage regardless of how much say you
had in the situation... You were often
denied food, or sleep, or were made to
stand foran entire day onone leg. Soon,
@ -your skills as an artist began to take
shape and merge together with ‘your
newfound understanding (some might
say obsession) -with balance...And the
other sept members began paying atten-
tion.

Concept: You-aré an artist who
uses his worle-to express lessons in' bal-
ance. You use black and white only.
= There is always a careful balance -be-
tween the two contrasts in each of your
pieces, but every work is different. Your art isn't merely for the sake of beauty,.or simply
to charinel your creative desires. Your desires don't matter; but what youcan say with your
art does. It is a teaching rool, an item meant to show others the proper way. Because
of it; you've been allowed some small access to tribal society. Now youcan
show them all the error behind their ways.

Roleplaying Notes: Excepting araré few, the other members
of your sept just don't get it. You were a deformed whelp birthed
from.acursed union, but this has allowed you access to many
secret truths, as shown to you by your mentor. Treat others
with righteous (though calm) disdain. Speak little; allow
ane your -work to-do the talking. You savor the
chance to show others the truth.
= Equipment: ~Charcoals,.pens, ink, sketch-
book.

ir TT


Sifore Seeker

: _
Quote: Ha! Did you feel that? Try it. Bite your tongué, 3€ AGAZEGS
3

Name? Breed: Homid
Player: Auspice: Galliard
Chronicie: Camp:

Pack Name:

Pack Totem:

Concept: Satori Seeker
en

taste the blood, scream the mantra loudiy! It's wonderful!
Prelude: You didn't have many friends in London.

‘You were a Pakistani, a Paki, so you were left alone a lot. inne onrrieenel wei I pester Miengayr
And after awhile, that was mostly okay. You learned to Den 808 Se Seseo -teccimencd seen
: . . Stamina oad Appearance. eeooo || (Wis ee

appreciate small things. The smells. of the city, the wee ee Sine ee ~~
distant songs on a faraway radio, the dirt' on your hands. Atereeiees ee wieo0- Aninal Ken" __ooooo --Compiie OY" sooee
But there was a yearning within that continually un- Beh RS S808 «Flume 0000
settled you. There was a connection you were missing. Empathy SS SSS | EARS ee ne
You wanted to share these wonderful details of life with Tecomadacten Sooco | Meee SoeCS Oe eee
everybody else, but sadly, nobody would listen. Scere ooe00 oooee

And then came the First Change, and this Korean ween, eee. ewe.
man showed up at your door, and next thing you knew Anceserrr™ Pex yee
you were whisked away to a whole other life away from Kinfolls. eecoo  Mindspeat ;
London, away from loneliness, away from persecution: Tetem. weeoo —
For the first time, you felt truly alive. el gla _

He has taken to teaching you the martras of the Glory wecceccvece
cosmos. These spoken words and songs touch a spot in Bees haaas asqo9eaar
the deep chambers of your heart..It feels like' you're 6268S 60 0-0 Tweet a
connecting with something way stronger and way more ede 989 aoananda,
powerful than your puny, insignificant self.. You and L Baenssesass maaan
your teacher travel from caern to caern in the West and °F Rant aoa gy
the East, spreading the secret truths of the immortal 4

songs and the powerful words. He's also taken to teach- oe
ing you the path of moderation, leading you into an ascetic lifestyle,
but so far,-you haven't had any of that nonsense. So far, it's caused
you quite a bit of trouble.

Concept: Satori is the concept of a brief moment of revelation; a
swift kick that jostles one into a temporarily enlightenment: You're a
Garou that clings to the concept of satori like a safety blanket..Once a
lonely character, you'venow taker hold of this new life and you relish
it with every ounce of your being. You are a Galliard capable of hon. ;
rendering others speechless with your weird songs and war- ae ¥ 8
bling howls. You don't know much about other Stargaz- =
ers, because you've seen only a handful, but you've met Zara
countless other Garou, and all of them seem -to-think you're
some kind of weirdo. C "

Roleplaying Hints: Being a Garou is a blessed thing! Your C
serises are heightened, and your howls can take the forms of a
thousand maddening prayers! You rélish in your life. You relish, every
moment that you're capable of giving yourself, even if that moment is one' of pleasiire,
pain, doubt, or joy. Allemotions need to be experienced, andall experiences must be had.
Your mentor doesn't understand this: He talks of a hard, ascetic life..A life of denial-and
suppression of the Self. But you're not too clear on that. Life is meant to be lived. You've
been given a gift, and you haven't the slightest intention of squandering that on some
cramped, repressed philosophy. Sure, he punishes you. But that's okay. Because even
punishment is capable of delivéring you into the short, sharp shock of blissful
satori. And now you're able to show others the way- You'll make them listen.
Equipment: Red robe, pan fluté, tambourine, a very loud voice.

Zi


She Cfrexpecsee

Quote: Yeah; I know, I need balarice , discipline, whatever:
T have all that. Can't you just leave me alone for a little while?
Prelude: You were born with a silver spoon. in your
mouth... Your ‘family consisted of wealthy white Chicago
suburbariites. Your father wasa politician, your mother a stage
actress, and your younger sister a promising pianist. You knew
you'd never have to really work for a living. - The choice was
yours,-any path was oper: to you. Or so you thought.

Your sister was raped. And you knew the bastard who
did it: He was a local rich kid like yourself, went to school
with your sister in the tenth grade..One afternoon,-out
behind the basketball courts at the private school, he raped
your sister. Two nights later, you went after him. You didn't
know why; orwhat you were going todo. But the answers fell
quickly into place. A dark heart of anger tose fast like astorm
inside, and you felt yourself changing. Before youknew what
was happening, you had become a massive beast, and you
could smell the fear oozing from his pores like dirty sweat.
And you killed him. Rent him to pieces while he was still
dressed in his school uniform.

That night, as you wandered aimlessly down the street;
blood still glistening on your (once again human) hands, they
found you. And took you away from your family, your friends,
and your comfortable destiny. They have taught you what
you are, and they have told you that whether you like it
or not, they are your pack, arid rhey are just like you.
Your new pack — a group of men calling themselves
ksatriyas —~— has taught you to feel great remorse for
the killing you did: While you are Death
Incarnate, they say, you-are not to
relish your role, and aren't to go ac-
cepting it with Rage in. your heart.
Someday, they say, you will under-
stand. Right now, you feel terribly
sad, and very confused.

Concept: You .-are
Ahroun, but you don't-un-
derstand what that means.
You are a Stargazer, but you
aren't like any others that
you've seen... You have a
natural charistna and léad-
ership open and available to
you, but you're too afraid to
touch..it.. You're afraid that
the anger willreturn, and thar
you'll be-out of control
like you were that first
night. Also, because of
both your race and your
exorbitantly Western
upbringing, .you're
viewed with both
diss ttanmt

Le I

9°4

KL

fS

@O000
0000
MOOD

Anionat Ken,
Crafts, MOOOO

ig reer
Eenparhy. en OOOO BOO
E ion, 00000 09000
Encimicduacions, BROOD OKO
Primal-Lirge, OOOO BOBO
Streetwise OOOO |S 20000
Subrerfuste, O2QE00O _ Survival. OOOOG || Science, BQ000
mn Oo AgltapJagear
_, CRnckgrestingt igs Maggy
Allies enene" Smell of Man.
Ancestors een0o | RB al
Goentacts 0 eeeoo bal
Kinfolk Ce eeoo | Ealling Touch
en ols Toler)
ee Ail
Reronin han Rage Pfeathe
Glory Bruised a
eeecsoo00000 FF FOR O09000 -t Qa
OOOO DOO BBoAVMDoOoeAG Injured Peg
toner Wounded 2 a
Mauted "2 oy
oOOV ODD 0066 ‘
nooooooooa *ere00 9000 Crippled 75 Q
SMisclora aoRpoooOoO ooo neapac itt
ooo o ooo 0 o6 Ph Rice PF Neither hit nnn
wee eeeeeeendon ORSESSIVE MIND GAMES
PALE entree

AOOOOOOAAoo

ig

broken,

\ aati 24, antl
a a
Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Awspice: Ahroun Pack Totern: "
Chronicle; Camp: Concept: The Unexpected
mime 2 ts DA et bobs Fat iii
Pb gaia!" SMewtief" MI gril"
s2eeea0 Charisma. oni BBO Perception, MMOOO
e800 — Manipulation, @e@000 _ Incelli e000
WRBOO Appearance. awemeoo Wits, e000
wen tae ALES aft
Tasenke SME

L

Curidsity and up-front disdain from your
pack mates and other Stargazer Garou.
Roleplaying Hints: Act with reluctance,
as if every action could lead you to potential
damnation. And yet, despite this reluc-
tance, you're angry. Angry at the pack
for stealing you away from ‘your privi-
leged life; angry that your sister was so
violated (and will probably
never fulfill her musical
dreams), and angry at the
world for being such a
fucked-up
place. You want toac-
cept the peace and bal-
ance that your pack has
offered you,.and you've
even begin to learnsome
of the mantras that they're
teaching you. But this isn't
your life... Not. yet. .Maybe
someday, but for now, it's all
too overwhelming.
Equipment: Set of ex-
pensive clothes, keys to' an
Audi youdon't haveany-
more, penknife.


han

Stargazérs are extraordinarily close to their aricestors,
and as such tend to distinguish less between the living
Stargazers and the Stargazers who have passed. In some
fashion, the dead live on somewhere, somehow, existing
as a presence in-the soul of another tribe member or
kinfolk. "Dead" and "alive" mean less, for any Stargazér,
whether they were killed in battle a thousand years ago or
still are active in Tokyo as a teacher of Zen swordsman-
ship, is still active in the protection of the Emerald
Mother. What follows are some of these Stargazers, living
and dead, famous and infamous.

ST Pe Fi¢st Pade Série
Sip Fie, "7 Pe Clentiepar pe Colder Alpppor"

The Ahroun Jin Jia left his tribe not long after his
First Change, and went to live among the humans. He
forsook tribe, pack, and service to the Emerald Mother
for a life in the aristocracy of men. Reaction to him was
mixed; the humans always stnelled something on him,
something bestial, something alien. But he tempered his
Rage and sorne were actually taken in by his "roguish"
demeanor. Whenever able, he indulged in gambling,
wine, and song, and was a "gentleman caller" to many
women. Nightly he dreamt of the error of his ways, and
saw the spirits and his few ancestors chiding and mock-
ing him for turning away from his duty, but he ignored
them and engaged in further debaucheries.

It wasn't long before the time when one of his
many fermale conquests stood out among all the others,
and Jin Jia believed he was in love. He had bedded a
daughter of the Dowager Empress merely for the chal-
lenge, but soon believed that he couldn't live his life
without her..He told her as such, and it wasn't long
before the two of them began seeing each orher exclu-
sively in-secret rooms in the palace of the Empress,
keeping their affair a secret. In a year's time, the girl
becarne pregnant, and gave birth toa daughter, Lirong.
Jin Jia was happy, and he knew that all his dreams at
night seeking to punish him for his decision were
meaningless and he had made the proper choice. He
took his love away from the palace, and they settled in
a small fishing village.

But in truth; he hadn't: His skills as a werewolf
were dampened, so much so that he was unable to'see
the reality of the situation until it was far too late. He
came to hishome one night to find a grisly scene — his
true love had exsanguinated and murdered their child.
The blood was all upon the walls, scrawled in grim
prayers and epithets to the dark one, Kung-Kung. His
true love was a monster, tainted in servitude to the mad
one, and she had escaped.

Se nen ne es en eee Pee Se mee

Jin Jia entered a périod of inescapable dépréssion;
and Harano drove him to kill himself. But his hand was
stayed, just as he prepared to thrust a dagger into hisown
belly. The voice of the Jade Emperor called to him, and
commanded him to turn away from his broken life and
enter the Emperor's service.. Realizing that this was a
second chance, Jin Jia accepted the offer.

He served the Jade Emperor wellup until he wasan
old man, batrling the corruptions of Gong-Gong along
with the other two members of the Jade Sentai. He was
known for wearing a set of radiant golden armor that
mystically molded to his skin regardless of what form
he took. Jin Jia never managed to find his one-time-
love and murderer of his daughter.

Ki King, "She tinhifer of Spar"

The-stars held many secrets —— secrets that Kui-
Ming the Theurge sought to discover. He was young, but
his eager need for knowledge made -him a.powerful
scholar arnong the Stargazer tribe. He was brilliant on
matters both earthly and otherworldly, and he could
draw out the answers to nearly any riddle, like sucking
poison from a wound. The Heavens above were not just
a jumble of white lights on a black velvet background,
but instead served as a map to truth and tranquility.

But Kui-Xing was abominably ugly. He was born
metis, and his -skin was nothing more than blotchy
folds of fat flesh that gave hima physically repulsive
appearance... Kui-Xing appeared as a strange breed
between Garou and amphibian; and his pride suffered
for it, regardless .of his brilliance. He was. afforded
respect from the sept of Stargazers he belonged to, and
there he lived a-quiet, contemplative life, aiding the
more active Garou in their quests.

Atthe time, there was a ruling body of hengéyokai
that lorded over much of the Middle Kingdom. ‘This
council of elders was called the Ministry of Thunder,
and they had been-challenged by a trickster spirit
called Fu Lan; the Entangling Woman.-Fu Lan had
given them a‘simple riddle, and told them that if the
Ministry could not solve it, then their authority was
void. Unable to solve this most basic of conundrums,
the elders called to all the Middle Kingdom —~he who
could help them. unravel this mystery would be af-
forded much respect and wisdom..At the urgings of his
sept, Kui-Xing answered the call and went to see the
Ministry of Thunder cloaked in a heavy cowled robe
that concealed his horrible form:

The riddle was easy: "Who becomes pregnant
without conceiving, who becomes fat without eating?"
Kui-Xing didn't even have to consult skyward, for in
the sky was already the answer — clouds. He rold them
the answer, and Fu Lan appeared, hissing and spitting
in anger, for that solution was cortect. The Ministry

Chapter Four: Champions of Suffering Virfue 95

— NS


applauded Kui-Xing's efforts, but demanded that he
lower the hood of his cloak out of consideration.

He-did so; and was greeted with howls of disgust
and laughter. The Ministry mocked him-openly and
sent him packing with none of the pride he had sought.
Feeling worthless, deep in the pits of Harano, Kui-Xing
found the highest cliff-face; and tossed himself off into
the white-capped ocean below.

His time was not up, however, and Kui-Xing was
saved. Only moments after striking the water, a great
dark form rose beneath him, catching him-and carry-
ing him back to the surface. He was astounded to-see
that he was resting upon the back of a massive black
tortoise called Genbu..Genbu spoke with the -au-
thority of the Jade Emperor and his Ministers -——
Kui-Xing had been chosen by the highest of
high to become part of the first Jade Sentai.
Seeing no other way to go (and unwilling to
deny the authority of the Bureaucracy of
Heaven), he agreed and went to Songgao
Mountain to meet the-others.

From then-on; Kui-Xing was
a powerful part of that origi-
nal Jade Sentai, helping
the others find balance in
an increasingly disordered
world. Toward the end of §
his life,.Kui-Xing was. af- ©
fordedachancetonolonger Way
have ahideous countenance.
The Jade Emperor offered him. |
respite from his disfigured flesh,- \Q
but Kui-Xing didn't take it, be-
lieving that his Self should re-
main-unchanged, for it-was the
very essence of him..The Emperor
was pleased with the answer, and allowed
Kui-Xing to place constellations in
the sky as a reward.

La LE PLE
"7 fe ager of Fyowerr"

It was difficult being a prin-
cess. of the Tang.-capital of
Chang'an.. Dha-shi-zhi's family
was a lot of corrupt dynastic bu-
reaucrats who afforded her no free-
dom. of decision. The course of her
life was laid out before her, and she
would serve at the side of the gov-
ernment as the divine "Maiden of Flowers,"
inspiring those of the capital tobow, scrape, ~
and follow. /

96

When her: First Change came, no others were
allowed to see her. She changed in plain sight of many
of her family members, and she was sequestered away in
a dark room in the palace. There was much fear that her
skin had been taken by demons, and the family called for
exorcists from Tibet to come and heal hersoul or destroy
her —— whichever came first. For many days and nights
the young girl sat in. the darkness, weeping, until one
night she woke from a fitful slumber to find that the door
to her room was unbarred and open. The palace was in
flames and under siege by an unknown clan of assassins.
Uninterested in the reasons why, she seized the oppor-
tunity and fled for the mountain villages.
‘There she found others of her kind.
She became part of a roving pack of

Stargazers; allof them thieves, beg-
gars, and clowns. This gang of
Ragabash Garou staved off
the. local corruptions -of
the Wyrm only peripher-
ally; and instead spent

most of their time en-
gaged inselfish,
foolish
acts:


——

Dha-shi-zhi learned to play the shenghuang, or "thirteen-

pipes, and became a street musician usually drunk on'.

rice-wine. Her young life was spent in much worthless
ness, until one day the voice came from on high,.a
thunderous boom that only.she could hear, "almost

rupturing her eardrums. She was called. The Jade Em-~.

peror demanded her presence.

For weeks she denied the voice; but it grew louder
and louder. Soon:she could do little more than whim-
per while laying in the muddy through-ways:of the
village. Half-mad and unable to concentrate, she be-
gan to stumble toward the distant Songgao Mountain.
Ass she neared, the voices quieted and she was allowed
some presence of mind once more..At the mountain,
she was given her charge, and saddled with the other
two, Jin Jia and Kui-Xing.

It took many years for her to find some modera-
tion, and even then she was an overly free-spirited,
impetuous girl.But she was a powerful ally in battle,
able to dance with her magic sword and carve through
whole swaths of the enemy. She adorned herself in
bundles of red and white flowers, once again assuming
the title of the "Maiden of Flowers."

Her life did not erid peacefully. She and the Jade

Sentai were called back to Chang'an and were given...

the task to destroy her own family, who had over the

years become deeply entrenched with the taint of

Kung-Kung. She was ‘only partially prepared for the

task,.and found that her once-mortal mother was now -

something terrible,"only half-human and half some-

thing else. She fell in battle against her, her throat slit

by a silver blade.

Borcgtiil fhe (Cas

Born a Mongol peasant in 1112, Boroghul is oft cited
as a negative role-model for most Stargazers, but ahero to
the Trappists, anti-W/eaver members of the tribe.

Boroghul was a healer of the Tayichigud clan and
a' Theurge of the Stargazers; his life, like many of the
Mongol Stargazers, was split between .both..worlds
(mortal and Garou), with both sides being fully ac-
cepting of the other. He accompanied Mongol war-
riors on their incursions westward, but while martially-
trained, was not a warrior himself. He spoke to spirits,
he healed wounds, but he was not a fighter.

All of that changed when he neared middle age:
He and his band of warriors were camped several miles

outside the town of Liegnitz (mow modern-day Legnica |
in Poland). Many Mongol men carried their women:
with them-on. many of the longer imcursions,..and .

Boroghul- was no differerit.. He brought along his in-

tended, a young adolescent girl from the Arulad tribe. :

Boroghul cared after her as if she were his sister, and

called her Al Alta, "the Golden One:" One day the
men went out to scout ahead to track, and when they
had returned a few weeks later, the women had been
decimated by some kind of plague. The plague then left
the men, too, ailing and dying. Only the -hardiest
survived, including Boroghul.

Boroghul did not go mad overnight; it was a slow
process,.-arduous and painstaking. He discarded his
healing ways and rejected the desire to balance his soul
against the judges of his clan and of the Stargazer tribe,
and over time he became -a_ merciless warrior: He
believed that the plague that had eradicated his friends
and his loved one was orchestrated by the world of man
—~ specifically, European man. He took his misplaced
fury and stoked the coals long and hard, pointing all
aggression toward the European citiés on the fringes.

They were places tainted by the gross manipulations of -

the white man, and Boroghul began associating the
white menand the cities with the plague. It wasn't long
before he -began-a crusade -against all allies of the
Weaver, hoping to gain some vengeance to satisfy the
sotrow he held over the loss of his loved ones.

By the end, Boroghul was calling. himself
Batachikan, and claiming that he was one-third man,
one-third wolf,' and one-third: demon; and was the
progenitor of the Mongol peoples (despite evidence to
the contrary). Boroghul became so maddened that he
even began rejecting his own people, simply for their
mastery of horses or for.their reliance upon.tools and
weapons. His hatred for all things Weaver-tainted
drove him to the limits of his sanity, and it wasn't long

Chapter Four: CAampions of Suffering Virfiue 97

}

beforé everything in front of his eyes stank of the
Queen Maker..One-day he fled into the LJmbra, never
to be seen again: Occasionally his incarnation mani-
fests in unsuspecting Stargazers, particularly those who
follow the Trappist path.

Bright} Micon? I bader

Bright Moon's Shadow was born 50 years ago in
Calcutta, the child of two exiled Stargazers who left
tribal life to pursue their selfish coupling. But not long
after he was born, his "loving" parents left him in a
trash-strewn alleyway to die. There they expected him
to: perish from exposure with no name and no chance.

He almost did perish; even the hardy construction
of the Crinos  child's: body could' not -keep -out the
elements, the parasites, the dangerous rise and fall of
temperature. But the child was discovered by a mixed
pack of Garou —- predominantly Bone Gnawer and
Stargazer led on bya pleading Chimerling. They were
told where to look, and told that thereupon they would
find aholy child, left to die. When they found the infant,
they noted that half of the child's body was hairless and
covered in: an-empurpled -Port Wine -stain,. literally
separating the one side of his body from the other. The
pack considered this a blessing; his disfigurement wasall
that they had hoped for, a representation of the lightand
dark natures of the universe, a physical manifestation of
both yin and yang. They took him to the caern north of
the city, the Arm of Kolkata, and there the caern raised
him as Bright Moon's Shadow.

For much of the middle half of his life, he lived as
an East Bengal refugee called Kasba Jabardakhal (and
even today he gladly accepts the moniker "Kasba").

tn

There he immersed himself in the life of the refugees,
protecting the disparate, casteless people from the
depredations of sickness, hunger, and the outside cor-
ruptions from the Wyrm: He helped lead small revolu-
tions, build villages and shanties for the immigrants,
and stave off incursions from Pakistani rebels:

For the latter half of his life thus far, Bright Mooni's
Shadow has sat with the greatest of the Stargazer elders to
help determine the ‘course of his disordered tribe. He
constantly struggled against the different factions within
his own people. The Transcendent Stargazers believed
that the tribe needed nodirection; that, much like ariver,
it would go its own way and that was the proper direction
no matter how or where it ended up.. The Trappists felt
that the tribe should take an aggressive stance against
urban expansion, against the Weaver's creations, and
against humans in general. Bright Moon's Shadow, along
with a select few others, helped to maintain some sem-
blance of order and direction within the tribe.

When Shigalu and other Stargazer caerns in the East
fell to the Wyrm's cruelty, Bright Moon's Shadow began
working onclandestine negotiations with the Beast Courts
to allow histribe to have a place among them. When the
time came, he helped goad others into accepting the
decision-to exit the West and leave the ignorant Garou
Nation behind. He also was one of the few Stargazers who
spoke quietly at the concolation that year; announcing to
all the other tribes of the Stargazers' intent.

It has béen long enough now that the Stargazers
should have arightful place among the Beast Courts —
but they do not. Some of their own caerns in the East
have been "absorbed" into the Beast Courts; theirown
rule relinquished. While they are "not treated with
open disdain, the Stargazers who have "come hore"
have-also not been greeted with a hetoes' parade,
either. There is always a quiet atrnosphere surrounding
the tribe, one that implies that perhaps they failed
their homelands for too long, and should be willing to
accept a period of shame for such digressions:

Now, Bright Moon's Shadow is mired in regret.
His mind is turning the other way; despite the accep-
tance of the other tribal elders. Perhaps they made a
mistake.-Both East and West are halves of Gaia, and
both are needed for balance..Could one choose only
yin or only yang and still be complete? Speaking out
about reversing the decision would bring him-much
personal shame, and it wouldn't make any difference
anyhow.Or would it? Could there be othér Stargazers
— even other elders'=— who feel the way he does?
Could anew balance be struck between the East and
the West? For now,-he is content to be patient. But
such patience wears thin. Soon, he may have to speak
out..And then he may have to act.

\a


ava-F pots / Seater! higl

The Stargazer tribe has long held asept to protect
the caern at Cheju Island, just south of Korea.. They
have had a presence there for over a thousand years,
and even for the last several centuries the island has
remained remote from Korea, holding a small popula-
tion of people who were able to maintain tradition and
live their lives without ever rubbing elbows with the
Garou living there. The Stargazers used the caern (and
the lava tunnels below, as the island is essentially one
big dormant volcano) as a'place of peace, meditation,
and as a repository for much of their ancient lore.

But just over a decade ago; South Korea claimed
the island, and began quickly turning it into-a popular
tourism spot, calling it "Korea's Hawaii." The Garou
there have managed, adapting to the sudden popula-
tion increase as best as can be expected. The edges of
the bawn were hedged in, but since the caern remained
underground (and underwater), the situation remained
safe though uncomfortable.

Two years ago, however; the circumstances Sur-
rounding the sept and caern grew far more dangerous.
Both South Korea and Japan began dumping industrial

Chapter Four: CAampions of Suffering Virfrre

— I ————— CN

Ll —

waste not far off the south end of the island. Combined
with the already flagrant pollution from the boats,
generators, and other industrial and electrical equip-
ment, this additional "contamination -began killing
much of the underwater wildlife while leaving the
above-ground ecology fairly untouched. The totem
spirit, the sea. dragon' Seiryuu, demanded that her
children defend the caérn from this depredations. But
the Stargazers theré were peaceful, and largely in
accord with the natives, so they deliberated for a long
time on a-manner to help save their sacred place.
Jewas too late. By the time a/plan had been realized,
South Korea put in place anew governor to reign over
Cheju Island, an awful man who long had given his soul
over to the Wyrm. One night he commanded a number
of American military men (stationed in Pyongyang) to
hunt down. a suspected clutch of "terrorists" and "pi-
rates" living at the edges of the island..The military,
using weapons mearit to help oust the Garou there, laid
waste to many of the Srargazers living there.
Rain-From-Heaven-High was one Cheju Island's Star-
gazers. She was one of the few, however, who managed to
survive the attack. A young Rank 2 lupus, she remained
living due to little more than luck, as she watched the rest
of her sept be executed by the overwhelming forces.
The -lupus, in an uncharacteristic move, vowed
revenge, and began enacting a plan to obtain such
vengeance: Long has the volcano on the island been
dormant, but with the help of the old totem, Seiryuu;
she has learned how to wake the slumbering spirit of the
fire mountain. She has drawn orhers to her cause inan
effort to wake the sleeping beast, with the intention of
drawing down aterrible explosion of lava and ash upon
the Weaver-gripped tourists and government ruining
the once-beautiful island. This hope of murdering the
Weaver's influence there has also attracted the atten-
tion of one of Shigalu's survivors —— the Stargazer called
Tara: Rain-From-Heaven-High has made much move-
ments in learning the veneration rites meéarnit to wake
the spirit, and soon,.with Tara's help, she may just
succeed. Thewar,in their minds, has just begun. Shigalu
-— and Cheju Island — would never happen again.
Rairn-From-Heaven-High is a young Garou, but is
nevertheless a fierce fighter with a.surprising depth of
spiritual ability. She acts as Tara's secret second-in-com-
mand, and can often be seen at caerns atound the world
performing the commands ofthe Weaver-hating Trappists.

Apforipe VEG Of
The Homecoming wasn't easy, not even for those
Stargazers who believed in the action and ‘the oSut-
come. Decades ago, many Stargazers fled the instabil-
ity of the East, and grew roots (whether desired or not)
in the West.. They became caern-guardians,.council

99

L

elders, teachers, protectors, and mediators. They made
pacts with. spirits.. They became-part of packs and
followed new ‘Totems. Even more-importantly, they
bred with their kin-in. the West; or found others to
breed with when they could no longer contain their
biological and spiritual urges. And from those seeds;
Stargazers born in the West sprouted. Antonine Tear-
drop was one of thesé Stargazers.

And so; when the Homecoming was declared and
the sum of all Stargazers was expected to drop what it was
doing, sore disagreed. Antonine wasn't precisely soldon
the idea, and went to Tibet, India, and China to spend
some time there during the Homecoming. He listened to
their ideas, nodded at their plans, and then ultimately
rejected them by returning back home to America..It
wasn't an easy decision; his feelings regarding the tribal
change (and his denial of it) were complex and filled with
regret. On one hand, his brothers and sisters were making
an awfully courageous move by returning to their ances-
tral lands. But on the other hand, weren't they acting
both drastically and a little bit cowardly?

Antonine has accomplished much iri his life, and
he hasn't even neared old age, yet. He helped to oust the
Seventh Generation, a clandestine Wyrm cult devoted
to the abuses of women and children. As counsel and
friend, he helped elevate Jonas Albrecht to the precari-
ous position.of King Albrecht,-ruler of the Silver Fangs.
He has fought on the side of Fera, rooted out secret lores,
and mastered the Garou martial ability called Kailindo.

But sadly, all is far from perfect with Antonine. His
current personal mission of researching and deciphering
the danger of the Red Star has been waylaid by other more
pressing (and unfortunate) concerns. Being a Western
Stargazer who toes the middle line between the two sides
of the world,he is often harangued or ignored by the other
Garou. His fellow werewolves inthe Nation considerhim
a Stargazer before they consider him anything else, and
the prejudicé against that tribe is growing. The Stargazers

~ who relinquished their positions in the West to return to

their spiritual homelands treat Antonine with distant

‘respect —— but respect accorded for an unwitting fool, if

nota traitor. Antonine has unwillingly become a mouth-

~-piece for his position, and he gains little ground in the

effort. He believes that if he could discern the truth

* behind the Red Star; he could forestall orat least salve the

coming Apocalypse, but it seems as if no others care to

: allow him that freedom.

Roleplaying Notes: Even amid the uphéavals of the
Northern Protectorate and your tribe's secession from the

--Nation, you retain a-calm that's near-supernatural, no

matter the situation..The most concern you show is a
wrinkled forehead from time to time, just as the occa-
sional enigmatic smile is the only hint at the theories and

"conundrums constantly swirling in your head.

Bréed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Rank: 5

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 G//T/1), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligerice 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4; Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3,-Expression 2, Primal-Urge 3

/ Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Leadership 3,

Melee 4,-Stealth 4; Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation4, Law 2;Meédi-
cine 4, Occult 5, Politics 2, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Ancestors' 3, Pure Breed 3,

~ Resources 2

Rage: 4; Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 10

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Resist Pain, Scent of the True
Fotm, Truth of Gaia;-(2) Jam Technology, Sight from
Beyond, Surface Attunement, Strength of Purpose; (3)

Clarity, Merciful Blow, Wisdom -of the Ancient Ways;

(4) Preternatural Awareness, Strike the Air; (5) As-
similation, Circular Attack, Wisdom of the Seer
Rites: Antonine has mastered almost all of the
rites in the core Werewolf rulebook, and should lack
knowledge of one only at the Storyteller's discretion.

Fetish: Wandering Thought (klaive)

100 Stargazers

A A


owt

OO OOOO Oo OOo

LE TS ET OP OT LL TT

ZI a
Name: Bréed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:

Zz Chronicle: Camp: Concept:

Ly wane
FA oal" Ate pfal
Strength @Oo000 Charisma BOOOO Perception @OOOCO
Dexterity @OO000 Manipulation @OO00O Intelligence @OOO0O
Stamina. @Oo000 Appearance BOO0O0CO Wits @O000
SPE
Avonvedgear
Alertness felelerele: Animal Ken, [Ore 1@1 ele) Computer_ ee OOOOO
Athletics OOOOO Crafts OO000 Enigmas OO00O0
Brawl ODO000 Drive O0000 Investigation. OVVVCO
Dodge OO000 Etiquette QOO0O0O Law. OO0V0O
Empathy OO00O0 Firearmis OO000 Linguistics O0000
Expression OO00O Leadership Oo000 Medicine OVO000
Intimidation ferelelere) Melee CO000 Occult QO0000
Primal-Urge OO000 Performance OQOOV0O Politics OO00O
Streetwise [erele rele) Stealth, OOO00O Rituals O0000
Subterfuge OO0000 Survival COO000 Science [erelelere)
BAKO IAT CLLIL CPP
OdO0OOd
OVOOOO
OOOOO
OOVdVOO
OON0O0O
i at OSE wii vi FORGE me PS 1g fGLE ~nnmmmeramsvicntiflicar
Glory Bruised Cy
oo 0 00 0 00 0:0 OO 0 9 8' 98 -O'9 O'9 Hart -i a |
OOOO oOooOoOod OOOO OOoOOoOooo Injured -1
Honor a xtinate ee — Wounded 2
aule -
O82 BPE EOL OLO gGgooe0eccocco Crippled 5 Qo
a Oe Oe ee ee ee ee ee ee | I : d Q
Vlisdom oe Ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee neapacitate
Zz HOOOOoOooOooOO oOo 0 0 0 0000 0 OBSESSIVE MIND GAMES
a, EG GAZE memnrirensineet ine"


Strength (+1)

Dexterity (+ 2)

OO0dNDO N] Irerm. Level Gnosis

OOO00O Power

OOO00OO Item. Level Gnosis

OO00O Power

[erelelele) Irem Level Gnosis

OOO0OO Power

OoOOdO0O Iteni Level Gniésis

OOoo0o Power

QO00O yer

OoO00oO

OO00O0 \N

Oo00oO NX

OOVdO0O

Oooo0oO

feletelele)

OOOO0O

OoOo00oO

OOoo0O

Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage | Range| Rate | Clip Sanling LAS

Maneuver | Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Streneth+i/A
Body Tackle Dex+Brawl 7 Special/B
Claw Dex+Brawi 6 Strength+1/A
Grapple Dex+Brawl 6 Strength/B
Kick Dex+Brawl — 7 Strength+1/B
Punch Dex+Brawl 6 Strength/B
A=Agegravated Damage
B=Bashing Damage
arts or:

NN A ED EY NT


Gee.
\

 SPCARGAZERS +

"L
—
X
~
Marie LGee COP Ff Go! oninst
a ——
te Afenevor

\

ep
Wy /
i
wt
c
4
®

er Ne

AILLELLSOPL Fee Lee

Kf | . Fepere

van EF CLLALSS ORL Ain wt Eevee noe ae
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:
Gained From:

Equipment (Owned):

\ hana eaves Teer Grune Urea eer remaresval

Name:
Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:
Level: Type: Spent On:

————————————— LT A

a POARGA

Aor

Age:
Hair:
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality:
Sex:

Height | Weight

Homid:
Glabro: Battle SERPLS
Hispo:
Lupus: Mtefr EL

Fa Piaf Baracter Shaft

{

‘They; came out ah the Ease: in scat of wisdom, but iat only strife: "
Now they have discovered that their homeland is no longer the refuge it =
once was, and that they have lost too much and. gained too little. "Thes ‘
wisest and most mystical of Garou tribes must now struggle t to o find i its center?" ;
and reclaim its" heritage, before git" falls apart. ° ‘Is it already, t60 late? om

fe lost. yet! "Tribebooks Bi Me Seton Had: shee
~Stargazers: have' had. to make, and'the road that: lies ahead' of» heen ay gs
those that remain, and those that have moved on: Their Gifts and ites,
~ their fetishes and totems are now wall {they have left t to their t name — ‘will.
git be'enough?" a Se oe a. aaa ee :

ug =

@Mind-s Lge Theale $

a

GAME STUDIO
