# File: Storytellers Handbook (1st Ed.).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

AeSourcebouk for Werewolf: The Apocalypse ow

EN aie Sav = Ys Seer ae : Ba pes oe




A Galliard''s Tale

By Sam Inabinet

I can see their fire past the trees and brambles, and
now I'm beginning to catch their voices, mumbling their
way around songs that they can't even remember all the
words to anymore. This is even worse than I feared.

Sliding quietly through a thicket, I get my first good
look at them. Fewer than a dozen, all in Lupus or human-
form, except for an ancient metis ina blanket by the fire.
They're gathered on a flat promontory which overlooks
the Pass and affords a broad view of the wastes which
form the frozen northernmost stretch of the Plain of the
Apocalypse. At the peak of the promontory, facing the
wastes, sits a great hulking brute, perhaps the only
Ahroun in the lot. His jaw has sunk to his breast, and his
snoring would rattle Gaia's bones. All the rest are lolling
about the fire like a pack of moon calves.

When the wind turns, I get a snoutful of fumes from
that cauldron they've all been dipping their jacks into.
Luna only knows what they could've found around here
to brew it from, or how long they've been knocking it
back.

"Gawds above, but I am bored!" howls a particularly
obese specimen.

"You say that every damn night, Gorbuc!" his mates
snap back at him.

"Well, I'm bored every damn night! How long have
we been here, anyway?"

"Longer than your sotted knob can reckon," wheezes
the old one, "an' we'll be here ‘til them Wyrmspawn out
there makes their move! Now either say something
useful or shaddap!"

"Leastways if one of us was a Moon Dancer these here
night watches wouldn't take so long to pass," sighs a
round-faced pup.

With eyes thinas razor slits, the old one hisses through
clenched gums, "I. Am. A. Moon. Dancer."

"So let's have us a tale, then, eh?" I say, tossing my
words into the center of the fire. Give ‘em a chance, I'm
thinking; this may not be as bad as it looks. But the pack
breaks into some of the most pitiful wails you ever did
hear.

"No! Not again!"

"Spare us!"

"For the love of Gaia!"

"He's takin' a deep breath — somebody stop ‘im
quick!"

But no one actually makes a move, and the elder
gathers his breath and starts.

"Well, seems there's this ol' Silent Strider, see, an'
he's been stridin' all day long, an' he stops at this here
farmhouse fer to put ‘is paws up fer the night..."

"Is this the one where the farmer's daughter turns out
to be a faerie changeling?" I toss in.

Legends of the Garou


" ‘Course it's that fookin' one!" bellows the one they
called Gorbuc. "‘S the only fookin' one he fookin' knows
already!"

"Hold on, Gorbuc. Shut your hole for a minute,"
mutters a husky she-wolf, her gaze swaying back and
forth across the pack. "Who was it said that, now?"

For a moment the pack is quiet, looking stupidly from
one to another.

"‘S the bloody fomors done snuck up on us at last!"
cries a lanky hatchet-faced ape, staggering to his feet.
"To arms! Battle stations!" He clears the fire and a few
of his fellows in an impressively awkward bound and
dashes into the thicket a few yards from me, where, with
the aid of some clinging undergrowth and a low-hanging
branch, he executes a triple somersault and lands in a
gasping heap.

"Now why'd ye go and get poor Colin riled like that,
Flameback?"

"Yeah, prob'ly just some banshee having us on..."

"If the Wyrmspawn was comin', Burle'd see ‘em from
miles off."

"Who're you foolin'? Burle'd sleep through the bloody
Apocalypse!"

"He sleeps with one eye open, you know..

"Sure. And I'ma fookin' Celestine, ye didn't know?"

"If you don't believe it, go over there and see for
yourselves."

"Nah, that's all right."

"We'll take your word for it."

Awen help me, but I may be too late to do any good
here at all.

"Anyway, the War Council's so far away that this pass
ain't doin' anybody any good. Us least of all! What is it
we're to be doin' here? What would the bloody fomora
get by takin' this pass?"

"An easy victory, for one," | say with my own mouth
as | step into the firelight, "and a clear uncontested
march straight up the Council's backside, for another."

Teeth are bared, feral fur stands on end and homid
hands clench into fists. Every bloodshot eye on the
promontory turns upon me, all save for Burle, who keeps
sending those deep rumbling snores rolling out across
the broad empty wastes.

"You wanta story?" I say, my voice soft, but my posture
challenging. "Here's one: Seems there was this Silent
Strider, an anruth of course, and he had been charged by
the War Council with patrolling all the border watches,
making sure they were on their guard, that they were
alert to any enemy action and ready to take care of it
when it came."

"We don't need no stories!" growls Gorbuc. "Who
bleedin' asked ye, anyhow?"

"You did — with your hearts, if not your tongues.
Now, in every camp he passed through, this anruth saw

Garou strong and bright and sharp, breathing the full-
ness of their Rage and keeping it honed against the stone
of frequent conflict. But as he moved out toward the
Great Wastes, where even the Corrupter's minions are
loathe to tred, he found morale low and supplies rare.
Athros wise in war had fallen to bickering over old tribal
quarrels, and unbloodied cliaths with too much time
between their teeth would devise any excuse to be at
their fosterns' throats. Worst of all, though, were the
outposts.

"Here, even the pride of the tribes themselves had
fallen by the wayside, with lone isolated packs tending to
hated duties or wandering aimlessly around some half-
remembered mission. Hardened warriors grew soft from
want of battle, and keen eyes rolled in slumber. Purpose
was lost, and sloth and resentment crowded in to fill its
place. The Litany was sung no more, and old ways were
forgotten.

"One lookout post, far beyond the reach of the War
Council and the company of the Changing Breed, the
anruth found held by a pack composed entirely of kinain
of one of the truest and most noble tribes of Garou who
have ever walked in the ways of Gaia. Here, he thought,
stagnation can surely have taken no root, for those of
this lineage are nothing if not Lovers of the Ways.

"But the Corrupter had learned much of subtlety
during this long war, of how holding back from conflict
could serve Its purposes better than open assault. Using
Its absence as Its weapon, It fanned the dark flames of
discontent in the hearts of this noble pack."

For the most part, my audience has hardly stirred,
regarding me through dull and bleary eyes. The face of
the old metis is folded into a twisted toothless scowl, and
the one they called Flameback glares at me from beneath
bristling red brows. What little attention of theirs | do
hold, | hold only by virtue of the fact that mine is the first
new tale to reach their ears since they came to take this
post. But that is not enough. More than their attention
must be drawn from them tonight, and more than words
must rouse them.

"What the Silent Strider saw filled his heart with
sorrow. The pack had degenerated into a foul mockery of
the tribe that had nurtured them. The claw which
cannot find flesh to rend will curve too long, tearing at
the very paw which wields it. So was this Strider taught
in his youth, and so did he find it to be at this cold and
lonely outpost. Left without an enemy into which it
could sink its fangs, Rage had turned in upon itself,
devouring its tail and the heart in which it lived. Wis-
dom had fled at the heels of tradition, and tongues which
had once spun threads of silver were set to shoveling
slag."

As I speak, I pace slowly around the fire. The younger
ones turn their heads to follow me, but Gorbuc and a few
of the alpha-types resentfully pretend to ignore me.

4 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook


\

"The Harano held them in its grip, and Gaia's greatest
gift to their tribe they squandered like spoiled pups!" —
and here I kick their pot of foul grog into the firepit.

The flames flare up, tempers but a half-step behind.
Steam billows into homid eyes, and sparks arc into lupus
fur. My audience erupts into a stamping, slapping, roll-
ing mass of ire and oaths, but the first part of my task is
accomplished: the fabric of their minds has unraveled
enough for me to grasp the dangling threads and leap
with them into the safety of a nearby tree.

"Aargh! Wha' the —!"

"Grab ‘im, quick!"

"Where's he got to?!"

"Tl braid the bastard's guts for a girdle!"

They have forgotten what it means to have a Galliard
among them. Their re-education begins now. Spreading
my words to surround them, I continue: "‘You'll have to
catch me first!' taunted the anruth. The pack, unused to
any foe but each other, fell upon their fostern in their
anger."

"Watch where the hell you're flailin', Gorbuc!"

"Shaddap! Outta my way, then!"

"Be still, all of you!" snapped Flameback. "He's play-
ing us for fools here!"

"I knew it! All them fookin' Striders is Wyrm fetid!"

"Yes, they had figured out the old Silent Strider's
secret." Drawing the threads of their fears together, I
weave them into a dream beast, vile and monstrous with
many heads bearing the faces of the pack itself. If they
must be blind to any foe but each other, then this is the
best way to reach them with the truth.

But I must open their eyes so that they should see the
true Enemy. To this end, I embellish the beast with the
most unsavory aspects of fomori and Black Spiral Dancer,
red eyes rolling with madness and jaws dripping with
green froth. Let them think that I am the corrupted one,
revealing my true form. Let them see me as the Enemy,
for if | can turn their Rage from one another to me, then
perhaps I can turn it across the wastes to its rightful
targets.

"Rumor had proved true, and the Enemy had strode
into their camp in guise of Garou!" So saying, I
unleash the dream beast in their midst, pulling the tale
and the told together as one.

"Red Rage ignited the pack, swelling them into the
half-form and whetting their appetite for slaughter. The
hoary metis croaked out the Anthem of War and was
joined by the pack. The challenge was returned by their
own voices, twisted into the Song of Mockery.

"They spread themselves out, the better to surround
the thing, but with its many heads it met their gaze from
every direction. ‘You think the Striders to be Urrah, and
so this one shall be!' it spat. ‘Forsake the Ways and join
those who would vanquish you! It's not such a great step
to take from where you now stand...'


" ‘Begone, Corrupter!' barked the old one. ‘Tempt us
not with your empty threats and shallow promises!'

"You would bite me, you fangless charach-spawn!?
Then join your miserable parents in Erebus, mule!" With
a roar the beast leapt at the old one, shearing hairless
skull from twisted spine and bathing its mock-mule face
in arterial spray.

"What followed might have been described as a flower
of Berserk ravage — were there any to see it from above
— as the Urrah-beast bloomed petals of Garou flesh. A
cliath drunk with self-loathing slashed at her own image,
which seemed a reflection in a rippling pool of gore.
Some sought their rival's visage; Flameback's jaws locked
upon the throat of the Urrah-Gorbuc, and vice-versa.
Full fell the blows, as of mallet to drumhead, deep the
growl of anger and high the scream of agony.

"But the Corrupter's tactic had backfired, you see. To
mock with their own faces those who already hate them-
selves is but to fan the flames of rage. The pack that held
this outpost had been only a step away from slicing each
other to ribbons; now they were provided with the very
targets which their last shreds of loyalty and purpose had
denied them.

"For that is both the strength and the weakness of
creatures of rage such as ourselves, difference between —
" and there ends the tale of my dream beast, for a wiry
hand closes about my snout, and long sinewy limbs pin
my arms to my sides.

"] got ‘im!" My captor's bark is shrill in my ear as | am
flung back into the circle of firelight. "I got the sneaky
bastard, I did!"

The pack crowds close around me, all Crinos now, but
whole and unbloodied by any fight. Eye and fang flashes
red in the fire.

"Colin! Now who'd've thunk that!"

"Good work, laddie! 1 knew ye had it in ye!"

"Nearly did us all up a treat, but for you!"

"Wyrmsign."

"Do ‘im! Do the fookin' Urrah git!"

Colin stands over me, his narrow chest heaving.
Flameback steps up to growl in his ear, "G'wan, Colin.
Throat ‘im. And don't you be feeling that you need to
stop at that, neither. Serve him right, it would, for
messing about with our minds the way he's done!"

Colin's head lowers, locking my gaze with his own,
and a gapped and snaggled grin slowly works its way
across his face. "Ain't never throated anyone afore..."

"Wyrmsign!"

"Gawds above! Lemme do it!" Gorbuc bellows, stomp-
ing forward. "Bloody New-Moon ain't got the Rage in
‘im to scratch a bloody flea!"

Flameback surges to intercept him. "Back off! This
here is Colin's catch!" But before the two archrivals can
stare each other down, Colin has me.

Now I can die here, and that would be fine if this pass
could be held indefinitely. But not even the Silver Pack
could prevail for long against the hordes that must
eventually sweep through here; time is the most that can
be hoped for, time to alert the War Council, time for the
tribes to regroup. My death now would serve none but
the Wyrm.

A wily old Stargazer once taught me a trick for just
such an occasion, a trick of stretching and twisting and
shifting, and this trick I now try. But Lam nota wily old
Stargazer; the best that | can manage is to shift Colin's
jaws from my throat to my —

"| SEZ WYRMSIGN, YA BLOODY GREAT MOON
CALVES!"

Colin's jaws are suddenly slack around the chunk he
was about to tear from my shoulder; all ears jump stiffly
to attention; all eyes turn to the one they call Burle.

He stands upon his promontory, glowering at our
antics, with one beefy arm pointing in the direction of
the wastes. From one end to the other, the horizon has
begun to blur with great clouds of dust. We are all on our
feet faster than can be told.

"This is it!" snaps the metis, a sharp new strength in
his voice. "Make yerselves ready!"

Gorbuc, his broad face suddenly inches from mine,
growls, "If I'm to go down here, then this one falls beside
me!" And, between the grog-fumes on his breath and the
rage coming off him in palpable waves, I nearly agree.

"No he don't, Gorbuc," Flameback says evenly. "Some-
one must carry word of this attack to the War Council,
or we die for nothing."

"But we decided..."

"Yes we did," snaps the metis impatiently, "but I'm too
old, Colin's too addled, and no one else can be spared.
And besides, Gorbuc," he adds with a sly wink, "who
else'll know to sing your praises at the victory moot?"

"Now how in the bloody hell is he goin' to do that if
he ain't even here for it?!"

"How about this?" I say to Gorbuc. "You kill the
most;" I nod at Flameback, "she kills the best;" and I
point to Burle, "and he's the last one standing before the
pass is overrun!"

For a moment they all look from one to another, then
at me; slowly laughter spreads among them, dark laugh-
ter echoing the creak of the gallows and carrionbird
calls.

"Right enough, then," says Gorbuc, "but every Wyrm-
fetid throat I rip out is gonna have yer stupid face above
it!"

"All and good, Gorbuc," I say, giving him what I have
been told is my most infuriating grin.

"So is the bloody pleasantries all bloody done with,
then?" Burle grumbles, shouldering the largest broadaxe
I have ever seen. He snorts derisively and sonorously.
"Right, pups! Let's get tore in at these slugs!"

6 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook


And then all throats stretch as one to the Anthem of
War, and with one will the fostern bound down the cliff
paths to their battle stations, howling and barking, gnash-
ing their teeth and sharpening their claws on stones. Out
across the wastes, the dust cloud has risen a bit higher into
the sky, and through it can be seen the hordes of fomori and
Black Spiral Dancers like the foam on cresting waves, and
beyond them rear the faceless necks of Thunderwyrms,
Nexus Crawlers, unnamed tentacled monstrosities and
things too disgusting to mention.

Something claps against my chest. Colin is offering me
a sloshing stoppered aleskin. "We got no more use fer this,
an' it'll keep yer paws from goin' numb when ye cross the
glacier. Don't worry," he adds with that jagged Ragabash
grin, "it don't taste as bad as it smell

"Aye, and lad," howls the old metis from down the path,
"when ye sing our Hymns of Praise, watch them purpley
passages ye seem to like so much. Makes ‘em hungry if they

ain't eaten, an' puts ‘em to sleep if they has."
*eH

And so Anukhet Whiptongue, the renowned Harbinger
of the Silent Striders, ended his tale with the same abrupt-
ness and lack of ceremony that began it. He arose and made
to leave the circle of the moot, for he was a busy Garou, and
there were yet many places he had to be on this night. Over
one sinewy shoulder, he howled his farewell to those
assembled.

"Fianna audiences are the greatest audiences in the
Realm! Thank you, good night!"

Legends of the Garou


Ser er ne MERRY SATE re TC ener

Credits

Authors: Bill Bridges, Steve Brown, Phil Brucato, Brian
Campbell, Sam Chupp, Owl Goingback, Andrew
Greenberg, Daniel Greenberg, William Spencer-Hale,
Robert Hatch, Harry Heckel, Sam Inabinet, Robert
Kaminsky, James Moore, Teeuwynn

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: John Hibbits

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: John Bridges, Tony DiTerlizzi, Richard Kane
Ferguson, Brian LeBlanc, Ron Spencer, and Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook

Front Cover : Clyde Caldwell
Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

Typesetting and Layout: Kathleen Ryan
Production Assistance: Matt "Intern Boy" Milberger

4598-B STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
a MTN. CA 30083

CAME STUDIO

© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Werewolf the Apocalypse™ is a trademark of
White Wolf, Inc. The Werewolf Storytellers Hand-
book and all material contained herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Special Thanks

Mike "Santos" Krause for his mighty wrestling match at
the retreat.

Ohsoon "Floorspace" Shropshire for keeping the carpet
warm at the retreat.

Wes "The Shadow" Harris for clouding our minds at
Dragon Con — where was he, anyway?

Danny "Tonya Harding" Landers for his big stick at
Origins.

Keith "Corleone" Winkler for his gangland suit at the
Fiction party.

Richard "Soul Patch" Haight for his Beat chin hair.

8 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

|

iS eye . |

Contents
Legends of the Garou: A Galliard's Tale 3
Chapter One: Storytelling I

* Chronicle Construction
© Mythic Cycle Stories
© Essay: Daring to Improvise

Chapter Two: Culture 3

© The Garou Nation
* The Blood and the Bone (Seasonal Rites)
¢ Essay: On the Importance of Being Renowned

Chapter Three: Setting 53

Essay: Scent of the Invisible World
© Wilderness

© The City

© The Spirit World

® Historical Settings

Chapter Four: Enemies 8l

© Essay: Understanding Villainy: Splatterpunk Villains and More Subtle Antagonists
© Antagonists

Chapter Five: Friends 101
* Essay: With a Little Help from My Friends
 Kinfolk
¢ Kami: Incarnations of Gaia

Chapter Six: The Ways (Rules and Methods) ngd

© Essay: Sharpening Your Claws

© New Gifts and Rites

© Fetish artifacts

© Forged in Spirit: The Making of a Fetish
¢ Essay: Simple Lessons

Appendix 131

Contents 9



It is clear that the general origin of poetry was due to two
causes, each of them part of human nature. Imitation is natueral
to man from childhood, one of his advantages over the lower
animals being this, that he is the most imitative creature in the
world, and learns at first by imitation. And it is also natural for
all to delight in works of imitation. The truth of the second part
is shown by experience: though the objects themselves may be
painful to see, we delight to view the most realistic repr
tions of them in art, the forms for example of the lower animals

mta-

and dead bodies

Aristotle, The Poetics

Chronicle Construction

This section builds on Chapter Three: Storytelling in
Werewolf: The Apocalypse. All of the guidelines on the
next few pages are suggestions. As always, use what you like
and disregard the rest. The only measure of successful
storytelling is whether you and your players have a good
time.

A Gwinkle in the Mind's Eye

Communicate communicate
Via satellite and solid state
Never never hesitate
Communicate communicate

~ Pete Townshend, "Communication"

Chapter One: Storytelling

[EE ET nema 7 -

Every great story comes from someone's thoughts. Some-
thing — a song, a novel, a conversation — turns on the
creative engine. Before running a story or starting a
chronicle, the best thing a Storyteller can do is just spend
some time thinking, creatively imagining scenes, designing
mannerisms for NPCs or wondering what the players will
do when they face their next dilemma. Keeping a small pad
of paper around throughout this thought process helps,

because great ideas can hit at the strangest times, then

vanish in the gulfs between sessions.

Always have a set of notes somewhere if you intend to
run a chronicle, even if they are illegible scratchings on a
dozen mangled index cards, Notes hardly have to be com-
plete, but they should contain enough information to
ensure that ifa stressful month passes between sessions, you
don't have to face the embarrassment of asking your players
what was the last name of one of your major NPCs.

Il


Before talking to your players or even announcing the
chronicle, get a sheet of paper and something to write with.
Sit and think about Werewolf. Just relax and write down
anything that comes to mind. Words, sentence fragments
— draw doodles if you want, just cover the page with stuff.
Then, sit back and look at what you've created, what kind
of patterns you've made. Usually, you'll get a good feel for
the kind of game you'll feel comfortable running.

If you can't come up with anything, then flip through
this book and Werewolf: The Apocalypse, watch a movie,
take a walk, or whatever, and come back to the chronicle
later. Don't stress out about Storytelling before you start
Sometimes ideas like to hide, but they most always come
out

Once you have something, see if you can find a predomi-
nant sense of mood or theme in what you've written. Most
of the time you should be able to narrow the scope of the
chronicle down to a few options for mood or theme. You
want to keep your ideas fairly simple. Werewolf is an
interactive game, and players can make the simplest
storylines incredibly complicated. Few Storytellers ever
complete a highly complex chronicle to their satisfaction.

If you can't keep your creative juices in check and want
to write the Great Garou Epic, break up your ideas and

make up two chronicles instead of one overly complicated

on e which of the two you like more and run with it. If

you can't decide, discuss both with your potential players

and see which one they'd prefer to play. Save the extra
chronicle for a later date.

Now's the time to go get help. After all, you can't play
Werewolf by yourself (unless you're a mage with a high
Sphere rating in Mind).

Example of Chronicle Creation: The
Wastes of Thule

Art has purchased Werewolf: The Apocalypse and he
loves it. He wants to be a Storyteller and start a chronicle.
He starts thinking about what type of chronicle he'd run.

He looks through the rulebook, and a line describing
Antarctica as Thule strikes him. He likes the thought of
Garou struggling across a continent of ice. He also loves the
stories of explorers like Shackleton who survived adversity
while trying to find the South Pole.

Art likes the Warren Zevon song, "Werewolves of Lon-
don," although he could care less about the movie. For some
reason, the howling chorus stays with him when he thinks
about the game. He decides that he has to do something set
in the British Isles.

Art starts making a list of elements that he wants for the
chronicle:

- London

- Big Ben

- Apocalypse

- British scientists

- Mount Erebus

-Cold

- Dragons

- St. George

- Music

- Glaciers

- Chemical weapons

- Powerful corporations

- Secret societies

- Animal experimentation
- What's underneath the ice in Antarctica?
- Insanity

- Bones

- Dark forests

- Underground British rock
- Nightclubs

- The moon

Some of it seems to work, some of it doesn't. Art thinks
that maybe if a corporation and some scientists in Britain
were trying to do something Wyrmish in Antarctica, he'd
have a fun chronicle. He also definitely needs a British
nightclub as a mainstay hangout somewhere. He goes to
talk to his unsuspecting friends, who are now potential
players. He decides to tell them to think up characters who
are in the United Kingdom.

12 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook


|

ee Ae

Players: The Other
Storytellers

Werewolf is an interactive game. Players collaborate
with the Storyteller to make a good session, a good story or
a good chronicle. No matter how hard a Storyteller works,
the ultimate success or failure of a story (in terms of
entertainment) lies in the hands of the players and their
characters. A Storyteller opens up options for players,
letting them exert control over elements of the game. A
good player takes the reins, does her part, and then hands
them right back to the Storyteller. Some players cause
problems, but that's another matter.

When you start creating a chronicle, make sure you
consider the tastes of your players. No matter how much
you like them, don't invite someone to a game whom you
know will be difficult for the rest of the group. You can
create a solo chronicle for someone who doesn't fit the
troupe. Everyone doesn't enjoy the same type of stories, and
players are better off not participating in a game that they
won't like. Personality conflicts are one of the leading
killers of chronicles. Also, difficult doesn't necessarily
mean disruptive or annoying. Some players may only be
available on a certain night or once a month at times that
conflict with everyone else's schedule. Many players have
enough logistical problems just making it to sessions on
time. Plan away as many real world conflicts as possible
before they ever have a chance to start. Consider your own
availability to run games as well. Don't settle on a time
that's barely convenient.

Have your players make up characters and take notes on
them. Talk to your players and try to find out what their
characters want. What are their character's goals and
dreams? What are the character's weaknesses and faults?
Check the Traits that the player chooses. Make sure that
you and the player agree on the limits of abilities. For
example, if a player makes up a character who drives a
motorcycle, they need a dot in Drive. A character who
drives a motorcycle well will need two dots. While anyone
can try to drive a motorcycle, without a dot in Drive they
have to roll their Dexterity asa Dice Pool and all difficulties
increase by one. In other words, if he doesn't have two dots,
chances are the player will get annoyed after his third crash
in two sessions.

No player wants to make up a useless character. If you
know that the werewolf-to-be doesn't have many useful
Abilities, tell the player and let her create another charac-
ter. However, remember that the type of character that the
player designs shows you what sort of game she wants or
expects. A player who puts all of her points into combat
abilities wants to fight. A player who buys Computer,
Science and Repair skills won't enjoy a chronicle about a
trek across Siberia. If most or all of your players create
concepts that don't fit your chronicle, then you may want

to rethink your initial concept in the best interests of the
group. There doesn't have to be anything wrong with a
game concept for it not to work with a particular group. A
kill-fest slasher chronicle with lots of player character
death is not going to go over well witha troupe that lives for
emotional scenes and long-term character development.
To be successful, you must tailor your chronicle to suit your
players.

Also, characters with different Traits give each player a
chance to stand in the spotlight. As a general guideline,
don't let two players play characters with the same breed,
auspice, tribe and similar Abilities. They will spend the
entire chronicle battling for the same chances to shine. If
you happen to allow two players to do this, then make sure
the characters have different personalities. Usually, it just
works better to either make all players different or to share
only a tribe, breed or auspice. In a chronicle about a pack
of Fianna, each player would look to his auspice and breed
for individuality. A chronicle about a pack of metis might
produce tight relationships between characters struggling
against a society that refuses to accept them.

Remember, no matter what your players want, you have
tobe happy running the game. Many chronicles die because
the Storyteller doesn't want to keep running. If your group
doesn't want to play the type of chronicle you feel comfort-
able running, don't play. The purpose of Werewolf is
entertainment. Everyone, especially the Storyteller (who
has to do the most work), should have a good time.

The Wastes of Thule: Players

Allofhis players come up with concepts independently,
but Art gets lucky. One of his players, Lucian, creates a
former British Commando turned professor. Another player,
Courtney, makes up a graduate student and a third player,
Clark, creates an Oxford undergrad attending. The fourth
player, Brian, wants to have a wealthy young nightclub
owner and musician. Art decides to place the group in
Oxford instead of London. Lucian, Courtney and Clark are
easily located at the university. Brian's pub lands just off
campus.

However, Art does have a problem. Lucian, who's never
played Werewolf before, wants to have an older character
who served in the Falklands War. Art likes the idea of
Lucian's character serving in the Falklands, so close to
Antarctica. Art flips through the rulebook and thinks for a
while. What if the player characters all become werewolves
right at the beginning of play? Would that unbalance the
game?

Art decides to make all the characters lost children of
Gaia — Kinfolk with the potential to be werewolves who
for some reason didn't experience the Change. Now, be-
cause of the threat of the Apocalypse, the werewolf within
each one of them awakens. Art goes beyond the normal
setting to make his players happy and his story work.

Chapter One: Storytelling 13

lh ————,


Introducing Players to Werewolf

Recruit new players. Werewolf: The Apocalypse is a
great introduction to roleplaying. The game mechanics
are easy to understand; everyone has seen a | to 5 star
rating system. The World of Darkness is similar enough
to our own that a new player can draw on his own
experiences to understand the environment.

When teaching someone Werewolf, you might start
with a basic solo session, perhaps their character's Pre-
lude. This lets the new player get their feet wet and ask
all the questions they want without interrupting (and
sometimes annoying) an experienced group. New play-
ers usually do better joining a Werewolf chronicle at the
beginning.

Some Storytellers may let a new player join the game
but not allow them to read Werewolf. Instead the
Storyteller introduces them slowly to the strange world
of the Garou, and lets them learn about the environment
through interacting with it. Players experience what it is
to be a werewolf firsthand and without preconceived
notions. The sense of discovery is a feeling that can't be
faked. Even "normal" Garou abilities, such as regenera-
tion, can have a special sense of wonder attached to
them.

Asan added note, if you try this method, be careful to
take it very slowly. Hitting someone with too much
confusing stuff at once just frustrates them.

Fleshing Out the Basics

Entropy is a logical procession toward the simplest, the most
ordered state. So is drama.*

* I know the dictionary defines entropy as a progression
toward the most disordered state — but on this point, I take issue
with that most excellent book.

— David Mamet, On Directing Film
After talking to players, it's time to go back to one's notes
and make a few final decisions. Ask yourself some ques-
tions. What non player characters (NPCs) do you need to
create? Do you like all the characters in the chronicle; are
they the protagonists of your story? Will they work to-

gether? Can everyone find a good time and place to meet?
What will your story line look like?

The Outline

When designing a profluent plot, we've said, the writer works
in one of three ways, sometimes two or more at once: He
borrows some traditional story or action drawn from life; he
works backward from his climax; or he works forward from an
initial situation

— John Gardner, The Art of Fiction

Once you know your player characters and have your
theme, mood and conflicts in mind, you may then want to
sketch an outline. A good story needs an introduction, a
buildup with complications, a climax and a conclusion
The same goes for a chronicle.


|

a A

When designing a chronicle, strive at first to keep things
simple and to stay flexible. Expanding stories is far easier
than cutting them down, and there will be plenty of time to
add more to the chronicle after regular sessions start. Good
players with lots of subplots always expand chronicles more
than most Storytellers anticipate. One common mistake is
to overprepare fora story and then either having to railroad
characters through your plot without giving them choices,
or having to rework everything before each new game

session, thus putting yourself through far more work than is

necessary. When you write an outline, keep it sketchy.

Only detail things if you know your players are going to
want picky details or if it makes you feel more comfortable.

Figure out what your problems are going to be in the
game. At least a third of storytelling involves identifying

difficulties and fixing them. All chronicles have their own

ever-changing problems. A player may have bad luck with
d.
il villain and find

dice for a few weeks, and his character may get depres:

The players could all laugh at your big

her truly silly instead of truly horrific. You may set up a big
raid on Pentex for your players and build it up so much that
they get too scared to go through with it.

Cover all the bases you can. If you aren't good with on
the spot names, buy a naming-your-baby book and keep it
beside you during sessions. If you can't remember a certain
player character's background, ask fora short write-up from
all your players. Make sure you can pronounce the names of
all the Black Spiral Dancers. Think about what you will do
if the vampire manages to Blood Bond a pack member.
Make sure your NPCs have goals of their own and that
events in the chronicle make narrative sense.

Also, don't forget about your theme and mood. Every
time you design a story make sure that it stays consistent
with the overall theme and mood of your chronicle. This
doesn't mean that a tragic chronicle can't have an amusing
story. What it does mean is that radical shifts in theme
usually make a chronicle feel less coherent

Introduction:

The two most important parts of a Werewolf chronicle
are the beginning and the end. Without a solid start, the
chronicle won't last long enough to finish. Without a
strong ending, the players will sense that there was no
direction to the stories.

Introductory stories in a Werewolf chronicle set the
stage for things to come. Players should get plenty of
opportunities to explore the world and their characters'

abilities. They must meet the majot NPCs. Doing things
such as sending characters for a jaunt into the Umbra also
helps.

Introductions are the Storyteller's time to experiment
and do some testing of the group. What happens when your
Garou meet a Pattern Spider? What do they think of other
breeds or tribes? Are you and your players familiar with the
characters' Gifts? What about the combat system? What is
Garou society like in the local area? What are the major
threats? The introduction provides an opportunity for the

players and Storyteller to grow comfortable with Werewolf.
This way, a major scene isn't ruined later. For example, a
Storyteller kills off the sept's Master of the Challenge to
start a fight between the players' pack and a rival pack, only
to find out that the characters all hated the Master of the
Challenge and admire their rivals for offing her. The gist of
a few introductory stories is to gradually ease the players
into the World of Darkness.

A Storyteller should list the things that she wants to
have characters do during the chronicle's introduction
Going through a Rite of Passage or fighting ill-prepared
werewolf hunters works well. Sometimes treating players to
some success during the introduction helps give them
confidence later or makes future failure that much more
bitter. Foreshadowing and using symbolism lends itself to
introductory stories, because player characters tend to pay
more attention to the scenery at the start of a chronicle.
Write down some tentative titles and goals for the first
couple of stories. Try to have at least one story emphasizing
action and one emphasizing character development.

The introduction ends with the start of the main story
line of the chronicle. This should happen as soon as
everyone seems comfortable with the game environment.

Climax and Conclusion:

The finale is the next part of the chronicle to think
about. Some authors start work on their novels by writing
the last chapter first. They do this is to give their writing a
direction. By the same token, a Storyteller should know
where his chronicle ends.

Chapter One: Storytelling 15


etre SEES TERT SE A er A nc sear RE

Having an image of a climax and conclusion to the
chronicle doesn't mean that the players lose their freedom
of choice. A Storyteller should have a grasp on the final
scene, so she can organize the stories. This way, as the
chronicle progresses, the players can feel the buildup. The
Storyteller can drop hints about the end of the chronicle
and give Theurges visions of the future.

Decide what has to happen for the chronicle to end.
What antagonist or cataclysm waits at the end? What
elements do you need to keep in mind as you build the
chronicle?

However, don't predetermine the outcome of the final
conflict. There should be a chance for failure (or at least,
the players should believe that). Ifa Storyteller doesn't give
the players a sense that they can fail, they lose some of the
thrill of the game. Players don't have to win for a good
chronicle to be a success (but it certainly helps).

Body:

The body of the chronicle takes the pack from the
introduction to the conclusion. This part of the chronicle
should stay largely undefined. However, the Storyteller
needs to know what basic goals the pack has to achieve in
these stories in order to bring the chronicle to a satisfying
end.

A sketchy outline of these stories helps. Listing the
purpose of each story, defining its conflict, theme and mood
— provides a focus for the Storyteller when she thinks
about the future of her chronicle. Werewolf Storytellers
also need to decide on the phase of the moon and what
opportunities the characters will have to gain specific
Renown; a Philodox character has to get a chance to gain
Honor. Some Storytellers may write down at the outset
every single story they plan to run during the chronicle.
Others just make a few notes and create each story before
they start to run.

There are two important factors to remember. First, a
good Storyteller communicates with his players and adjusts
to his players' desires. This doesn't mean that if a player
wants his character to have a powerful Klaive that the
Storyteller gives it to him. Ifa player isn't having fun, then
the Storyteller takes steps to make the gaming experience
more enjoyable for him, as long as its not at the expense of
other players. Second, pacing is important. Too many
combat-oriented stories or too many intense roleplaying
stories may bog the chronicle down. Chronicles work best
when they stay in motion and have a variety of stories.

The Wastes of Thule: Introduction,
Body and Climax

Art goes back to his chronicle notes. He makes some
changes after talking to his players. Now, he has a lost-
children idea to untangle. He doesn't know where to begin,
so he skips that problem for now and moves on to other
parts of his chronicle.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Art looks at his brainstorm paper and notices "Powerful
corporations" and "Secret societies" listed together. He
wants a secret society of Wyrm worshippers as antagonists.
Art decides that this secret society could be incredibly
powerful, controlling large segments of Pentex and includ-
ing Black Spiral Dancers in their membership. He places
their headquarters in London, while making a note to
himself to do some research on occult societies.

Art has a thought about this society. What if they've
killed almost all the Garou around Oxford? Art decides to
do it. The Garou around Oxford die with the stroke of the
Storyteller's pen.

Art can explain the lost-children motif if the other
Garou are dead. He considers creating an NPC who per-
formed an ancient rite to awaken lost children because of
this crisis. Or, perhaps to avenge her fallen children Gaia
has brought out the werewolf heritage within the player
characters. He thinks that either direction would work. Art
writes a note to himself to test both concepts as rumors or
theories during the introductory stories of the chronicle.
Whatever the players like becomes gospel, but they don't
need to know that.

Art decides to approach his chronicle from a character
driven angle. He doesn't yet have enough ofa handle on the
secret society, so if he focuses on the characters, he will
have more time to develop his villains. He wants the
characters to travel to Antarctica by the chronicle's end.
Art comes up with the idea that his secret society, which he
named the Dragon Club, will perform a ritual at Mount
Erebus in Antarctica, which rite will summon the Wyrm to
the real world and start the Apocalypse.

Because the player characters are lost children and the
other English werewolves are dead, even if the characters
find out the society's plans, other Garou might not listen to
them. This way, Art doesn't have to worry about his players
assembling an army of NPC Garou for his chronicle finale.
However, he realizes that he can't have all the NPCs ignore
them; otherwise, the players might decide that all other
werewolves are stupid or something of the sort, and be-
comes isolated. He makes a note to himself to be careful
about NPCs.

Art goes over his introduction. He'll begin the chronicle
by having surviving Garou find the player characters and
gather them together. Then, they will undergo an easy Rite
of Passage in the Umbra and choose a Pack Totem. The
introduction will end when the characters decide to attack
the secret society or when they do something to shred the
Veil and alert the antagonists to their presence.

For the conclusion in the Antarctic, Art ponders his
chronicle and devices some more. He decides that instead
of having his society kill most of the werewolves in En-
gland, the Dragon Club will capture and imprison them.
These Garou are drugged heavily and taken to Antarctica.
There, the society will ritually sacrifice them to awaken the
Wyrm.


To fill the body of his chronicle, Art decides to have the
characters attack one of the corporations allied with the
Dragon Club. The pack releases a captured Garou and
learns about the spirit of an abandoned caern, a spirit that
supposedly knows the secret of their transformations. Art
will have the pack slowly learn more and more about the
Dragon Club. Eventually, the characters will attack the
Dragon Club headquarters, only to discover that its leader-
ship has used Black Spiral Moon Bridge to go to Antarctica.
The pack travels through toa caern in the Antarctic where
they battle a few Black Spirals. Then, to stop the ritual they
must follow the trail of the Dragon Club members to Mount
Erebus and release the other Garou. Art will provide the
player characters with any fetishes he thinks they need
during the course of the chronicle.

Art makes a note to himself that if Antarctica doesn't
work out (the players don't like it for some reason), he'll use
asurreal place in the Umbra for Thule. He also makes some
notes next to his stories, including whether they are role-
playing oriented or more action oriented, the phase of the
moon, what type of Renown players will get and which
characters should have a chance to shine. He tries to
balance everything as much as possible, knowing that he
can change it all later.

After creating a few NPCs, Art is ready to begin his
chronicle, which he entitles The Wastes of Thule.

Roleplaying Preludes

(Optional)

Instead of running a player character's prelude as a
question and answer period with a few small roleplaying
segments, a Storyteller may wish to run a solo session with
each player to roleplay through the preludes. This may be
done immediately after each character's Traits are deter-
mined or may wait until the chronicle outline is complete.

The advantage to roleplaying a prelude is that it lets both
the Storyteller and player become familiar with the new
Garou character by giving the player lots of roleplaying
opportunities. The Storyteller gains a practical perspective
onhow the player intends to run her werewolf. By roleplaying
the major events inacharacter's background, the character's
personality develops more depth, and subplots start form-
ing even before the chronicle. This way, during the first
group session, the Storyteller has a grasp on each character.

The real disadvantage to roleplaying each prelude is
finding the time for solo sessions. If scheduling delays a
chronicle's start for too long, interest in the chronicle will
wane and players who participated in the first prelude
sessions may lose their initial feel for the character's person-
ality. In this case, the Storyteller may want to run an
introductory story before the main chronicle starts. The
players might form a pack and gain a Pack Totem. Watch-
ing players choose a Pack Totem to represent them all says
volumes about future games.

17


Seer eve renee carne enerensse arr re a rempsmaorrenemnareneh

By roleplaying preludes before designing the bulk of the
chronicle, a Storyteller can take his players into greater
account. He has a good idea how each character works, and
he should have material for subplots.

If a Storyteller runs preludes after doing basic chronicle
design, he can start the chronicle in each prelude. Major
turning points can be foreshadowed from the start. If a
Storyteller runs preludes after sketching out the chronicle,
he should review his outline and make any needed changes.

Stories in Motion

Itis the pursuit of an ideal that is important. This pursuit will
lead to a greater possibility of the unconscious asserting itself,
which is to say, the greater possibility of beauty in your work.
The Navahos, | am told, used to weave flaws into their blankets
to let the devils out.

— David Mamet, On Directing Film

Once the troupe meets ona regular basis, the Storyteller's
real work starts. There are a few challenges for the Story-
teller. First, he needs to make sure that he keeps his
enjoyment of the chronicle and runs games consistently.
Second, he must communicate with the players and make
sure they are having a good time, all the while making sure
that all the plot lines run smoothly. Third, he needs to
continually assess and shape his chronicle, cutout plot lines
that don't work and flesh out events or subplots that play
generates, staying on top of the rules, etc.

Storytelling is easy when everyone has a good time.
When asession goes poorly, for whatever reason, storytelling
gets much harder. In the course of a long chronicle, players
will have bad sessions and so will Storytellers. Mistakes are
made. The difference between good Storytellers and me-
diocre ones is how they handle problems. Many times the
best way to deal with the difficulties is to meet them head
on and muddle through them to better sessions ahead.
Other times, a Storyteller needs a few weeks away from a
chronicle to get her creative juices flowing. Just make sure
you're having a good time. That's the most important rule
of Werewolf.

Communicating with players is an acquired skill. Some
groups have a question and answer segment at the end of
each play session or story. The Storyteller asks the players'
opinions about the events of the evening, what things they
would have done differently, what they think is going to
happen next, which NPCs they like, etc. Careful question-
ing can reveal much about how things are going. If all the
players complain about how often they frenzy, then maybe
the Storyteller needs to lower the frequency of Rage rolls.
Of course, if the chronicle focuses on the problems Garou
have with anger, then everything is going fine. A few
Storytellers promote discussions within the troupe by ask-
ing players about each other's characters.

During play, a Storyteller should watch how characters
interact with each other and what directions the pack likes
to take. If the pack prefers to use subterfuge and stealth

18 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

a in i a a //

One problem in many roleplaying games is group
unity. One player decides that his character doesn't like
or want to do what the other characters are doing. In
Werewolf, the pack reduces this problem. Garou society
looks on a pack of werewolves as a unit. They are judged
by the actions of their packmates. Spiritually, they are
tied through their Pack Totem.

A few ways to promote these Garou feelings of pack
unity are to give characters increased attack bonuses for
working together, and to allow players to give advice to
packmates, even when their characters aren't present in
ascene. Wolf packs often act as though they were of one
mind. Why shouldn't Garou packs? The latter sugges-
tion keeps every player involved during the inevitable
times when a group splits up. Also, it prevents character
intrigue from building as much as it does in other games
such as Vampire.

This doesn't mean that conflicts won't arise. As
characters identify themselves with the pack, they will
relish the group's successes, but like a sports team, plenty
of blame will be thrown around when they lose.

The pack gives a Werewolf Storyteller a unique tool
to motivate players and hold a chronicle together. Use it
whenever possible.

instead of brute force to handle situations, the Storyteller
should know and make her plans accordingly.

She should listen when players discuss what they think
the plot lines are. As a general rule, the Storyteller should
never create an incongruous situation but should strive to
create the unexpected. Don't do the obvious, such as
making the Black Spiral Ahroun into the major villain.
Instead, make her husband, the esteemed businessman and
Kinfolk, the true manipulator of the Wyrm's plans. The
spiritual threat to the city in the Penumbra isn't a Bane

Incarna of the Wyrm , as the Garou assumed, but rather a
berserk manifestation of the Wyld. Try to avoid twisting
the plot in the middle of a session (especially if your poker
face is poor). Make changes between sessions, so you have
time to prepare and drop hints. Also, don't always penalize
intuitive players by reshaping the plot when they figure it
out. Attention to the game and creative problem solving
deserves a reward, as long as it doesn't destroy the story.

Finally, strive for consistentcy. If you make a mistake, it
usually helps to admit it to your players. If they give you a
hard time about a specific rule, take a break from the game
and ask for suggestions on how to interpret it. Perhaps your
group can come up with an idea that makes the game flow
better.

Keep track of any details that the players deem impor-
tant. Notes about the graffiti in a Bone Gnawer cub's
favorite alley may seem insignificant, but they add to the
flavor of the chronicle when the players notice new sayings


or pictures added to the wall. This way, when a player
mentions a name to you as Storyteller, you don't wonder
who or what they are talking about. Furthermore, if players
show enough interest in something minor, you can always
develop it into something more important, whether it's a
location or an NPC.

The Aftermath

Let finished chronicles stay finished. Attempts to resur-
rect good stories rarely work. Just look at the movie industry
and the sequels to any number of films. One of my favorite
comic books once killed offa major character, setting a high
standard of storytelling, only to have that same character
turn up alive several years later. The character was shuttled
through a series of highly implausible events, so the pub-
lisher could launch a new book. They lost a lot of artistic
integrity. Don't do it. There are always new chronicles and
new characters yet to play. The best games are always yet to
come.

Mythic Cy

Deeper megqning lies in the

tories

tale of my childhood than in

heart of these diSpa

Meaning and Myth

From Hans Christian Andersen to Carl Gustav Jung to
Joseph Campbell, authors and scholars have written about
the concepts and symbols which seem basic to the human
spirit. Although every culture has its unique spin on the
nature of reality and how humans fit into that reality, there
seem to be certain stories, certain myths, which resonate in
the hearts of all humans. The trappings may change dra-
matically from story to story, century tocentur, and country
to country, but the underlying pattern and meaning re-
mains remarkably similar. Star Wars and "Saint George
and the Dragon" are both stories revolving around the
mythic theme known as the Hero's Journey. One story may
contain lasers and Luke Skywalker and the other swords
and a knight, but the heart and spirit of the stories are
strikingly similar. Both Luke and Saint George are on the
Hero's Journey.

Werewolf Storytellers (following in the footsteps of all
the world's storytellers) can make use of these archetypal
themes in their stories and chronicles, using the basic
structure and rhythms to sculpt dramas which will keep
their players involved on more than a superficial level.
Although kicking some Pentex ass can certainly be an
enjoyable way to while away an evening or two, many

Chapter One: Storytelling

ELLE LL DL TY

a 2 a

players and Storytellers wish to add greater meaning to the
adventures of their Garou warriors. Understanding the
underlying structures of some of our species' basic stories,
our mythic cycles and our folktales can aid the Storyteller
in creating more meaningful, and thus more involving,
stories.

When a Cave Js More Than a Cave

Wherever the poetry of myth is interpreted as biography,
history, or science, it is killed. The living images become only
remote facts of a distant time or sky. Furthermore, it is never
difficult to demonstrate that as science and history mythology is
absurd. When a civilization begins to reinterpret its mythology
in this way, the life goes out of it...

— Joseph Campbell, The Hero With A Thousand Faces

Although mythic cycle stories are, in essence, very
simple stories, they have a magical quality that lifts them
above the level of a generic after school special on TV. In
order to create a story that has underlying import, both the
story and those participating in it must be greater than their
surfaces. Fairy tales, myths and folklore all provide wonder-
ful examples of how items and people can be used as
powerful symbols of even larger concepts.

When a hero in a story of mythic import enters a cave,
the cave must be more than just a hole in the side of a
mountain. Ina mythic tale the cave can stand for the hero's
own unconscious, the border between normal and magical
reality, a return to the womb, etc. What is important is that
the Storyteller knows the cave is more than just a cave; she
hopes her players will intuit at least some of this knowledge,
and thus realize that entering the cave is an extraordinary
act in and of itself.

The mythic stories common to all cultures are built upon
a foundation of symbols. The language of symbolism calls
to us on a primal level, encompassing whole areas of
experience in a single cave, or crown or heart. Concomi-
tantly, actions can also be symbolic. By using the cave as
more than a hole in a mountain the Storyteller has cast her
own building block of myth. Entering the cave is symbolic
of a willingness to explore the unknown, to enter a realm of
uncertainty from which the adventurer — you — will
emerge changed, if you return at all. As Joseph Campbell
has written: "The folk tale is the primer of the picture-
language of the soul."

The psychologist Carl Jung wrote of the collective un-
conscious, a vast sea of experience shared by all humans.
Within this deep wellspring of the human condition are the
symbols and concepts that all humans instinctively under-
stand on some level beyond and beneath all words. The
Storyteller can take advantage of our instinctive under-
standing of the language of symbolism to create richer
chronicles. Even more importantly, the Storyteller and his
players can gradually build their own collection of symbols
which have importance to their group. Such personal
symbols help to create a shared history and mythology that

I9


a A

can become even more powerful because of their intimacy
and immediacy to the players. Each time a symbol is used
within a group, its power over the imaginations and pas-
sions of the group's members grows through this
reinforcement. The object or action becomes greater than

itself; it becomes sacred.

In the World of Darkness the Garou have their own
symbols, and they recount legends to teach their pups these
symbols. This shared mythology helps keep a small, out-
sider culture like the Garou cohesive in the face of outside
pressures, Of course, the Garou have slowly begun to forget
the old tales and the old legends, and with each story
forgotten, each tale lost, the Garou move that much closer

to their own destruction.

Mythic Milestones

There is no form that is not content, no content that is not form.
—Robert Duncan, The Ideas of the Meaning of Form

In order to create stories based on universal mythic forms,
the Storyteller must first understand the symbolic steps, the
milestones generally traversed by the protagonists (the player
characters) during such a story. These milestones are the
events, both symbolic and actual, which occur during the
course of a mythic tale.

The steps outlined below describe the flow of a typical
mythic story. However, Storytellers should feel free to play
with this form and use any information they find helpful in
creating their own mythic forms. Remember though, that the
people, places and events you choose for a particular story
should always be more than just themselves: they should stand
forsomething greater. Without this element of the sacred, the
story cannotattain the intensity and importance of myth. This
mythic (or folkloric) quality is most easily achieved when the
Storyteller first determines the theme he wishes to convey in
hisstory. The particular forms the plot elements then take may
all be chosen for theirability to dramatize a theme tothe Garou
heroes.

Call of the Wyla

Regardless of the type of adventure on which the players
embark, they must somehow take the first steps on their
quest. This "call to adventure," as Joseph Campbell terms
it, can take any number of forms: from an eager pack of
nt Garou venturing out on their Rite of Passage to
a lone warrior suddenly kidnapped by a roving band of
faeries. The call to adventure, voluntary or involuntary,

adoles

always heralds a transforming adventure. Often, there is
some dramatic event which tempts the heroes into inves-
tigating, or otherwise heralds the start of the adventure.

Into the Dark

Once the heroes have embarked on their adventure,
they must reach a point where they stand between two
worlds. Here, they are at the brink of true adventure, for
they have reached a precipice between the known world of

2 eres nares rea care eri rrr A nner mna ree)

\


comfortable certainties and the vast unknown beyond. The
first of these two worlds or conditions, is almost always the
realm of the heroes' waking, everyday reality. It is the grind
of school, hunting with the pack, the passing of waking
hours.

The second condition, however, is less defined. No
matter what it is, though, it isa condition markedly differ-
ent from the world in which the players normally live. In
stepping from the first world to the second, the players
venture into the realm of true adventure. Symbolically,
they plunge into the deep waters of the collective uncon-
scious, the Dreamtime, the Umbra. This second,
transformative world may be anything from the land of
dreams (and the Garou's own unconscious mind) to a
Pentex facility so vile it personifies some facet of universal
atrocities, some aspect of the Wyrm itself.

Guardian at the Gate

It isnever as simple to step between these two realities as
it might at first seem. In myths there is always a guardian
blocking the way of any would-be heroes who wish to pass.
To prove their worth, the characters must somehow defeat
or bypass this guardian. Depending on the nature of the
tale, the guardian can take forms ranging from a phobia
which must be conquered to a pack of Black Spiral Dancers
slavering like Cerberus itself for the taste of the blood of
their estranged brethren.

The method required to win past this guardian also
varies with the type of story and the choices of both players
and Storyteller. Solutions ranging from violence to flattery
may be used effectively, depending on the guardians. Very
often, the form the guardian takes and the most successful
methods to win past it are important symbolic clues to the
nature of the adventure itself.

The Transfiguration

At this point in the story the protagonists face their
ultimate challenge. If they are successful, they receive the
reward they set out to gain. This reward might be knowl-
edge, a powerful fetish, the release of some curse, or a
dramatic change in their world view. Sometimes the re-
ward received does not seem positive at all. Yet it may
reveal something of great import to the protagonists, just as
a scab ripped from an infected wound reveals the dirt and
pus beneath. The discovery is repulsive, but once the
infection is revealed it can truly be healed at last.

The Journey Home

Once the protagonists have achieved their goal, they
must begin the journey back to their own reality. This
journey can be extremely simple, a triumphant return to
the fold, or it can be a mad flight out of darkness with the
forces of the Wyrm breathing hot upon the protagonists'
heels. The nature of the journey home may well depend on
both the type of journey (see below) as well as the measure
of success.

Chapter One: Storytelling

a 2 a

Rejoining the Pack

At the end of the journey home, the protagonists must
once again cross the threshold between the two disparate
realities. This time, however, they are crossing from the
magical, transformative realm to the solidity of the every-
day world. As with the initial crossing, there is often a price
that must be paid or a struggle overcome for the protago-
nists to win their way back to their own world.

The rejoining of the pack is of particular importance to
the Garou. For most Garou, the pack is the mainstay, the
basic truth around which their lives revolve. As pack
creatures, it is hard for most Garou to view anything as truly
important unless it involves the tribe, or sept or pack. The
individual Garou achieves importance through her rela-
tion to these units. When a character returns from the
realm of myth she must bring back the elixir, the knowl-
edge, etc., and present it to her people lest her entire
journey become meaningless. Just as her life only has real
value in relation to the pack, so too does her adventure only
achieve real importance when the fruits of her labors
belong to the pack. It is by risking body and soul to bring
something of importance to her people that the Garou can
become a cultural hero. Without this relationship to the
pack, the journey is meaningless. The Rite of Keres (see the
Werewolf Second Edition rulebook, p. 151) is an example
of the importance of the pack. Keres symbolically sacrifices
herself, becoming her tribe, when she eats the bodies of her
fallen packmates to keep them from being tainted by the
Wyrm.

Grials and Tribulations

Throughout the course of a mythic tale the protagonists
must be tested to prove their worth. Without this temper-
ing, this struggle, the protagonists cannot understand the
vital importance their actions will have on the world. This
series of tests can vary from one or two simple encounters
to a complex hierarchy of tests taking weeks, or even
months, to accomplish.

It is important, however, that the protagonists be pro-
foundly tested in some way. Very often these trials serve to
confront the protagonists with a facet of the evil they are
destined to face at the climax of their adventure. This
tempting, tricking, attacking and testing tempers the pro-
tagonists so that they might successfully face the final
challenge. The trials are normally designed to probe the
protagonists for any weaknesses that might ally them with
the enemy they face. If their weaknesses prove too similar
to the evil they face, the protagonists might not be able to
stand firm against their enemy. The protagonists must face
and conquer these vulnerabilities before they can complete
their appointed task.

|


ee NN

ne A Ae

Kami, Kinfolk and Kindred Spirits

In contrast to the many tests the protagonists have to
face are the helpers who often appear to provide some
support to the struggling Garou. The number and type of
helpers that come to the aid of the protagonists may vary
greatly, and such helpers do not always appear in these
stories. Even when they do appear, such helpers often at
first appear to be inconveniences or even enemies, just as
enemies may sometimes appear as friends. Things are cer-
tainly not always as they appear during the transformative,
magical period of the story. How the Garou treat such
helpers often determines the amount of assistance they
receive.

Sacred Stories

I'm hearing right and wrong so clearly

There must be more than this

It's only in uncertainty

That we're naked and alive

— Peter Gabriel, "That Voice Again"

There are a dozen, perhaps a few more, fundamental
story lines which appear over and over throughout history.
Of these, the most famous, and arguably the fundamental
story, is the Hero's Journey. The following collection of
stories (including the Hero's Journey) provide examples of
how the Storyteller can manipulate the skeletal mythic
story line given above to encompass a variety of story types.
The following plot sketches also give the Storyteller a
sampling of certain common mythic themes on which he
can hang various places, people and things to individualize
his story while still maintaining the mythic impact of the
theme.

Auspice Archetypes

For individual Garou, their auspice gives hints to the
nature and general strengths and weaknesses of character,
but auspices serve an even more valuable role for Garou as
a society. Auspices serve as a way for the Garou to ensure
that certain important functions are performed for the pack
and sept. For that reason, it is necessary that young Garou
understand the true importance and interwoven nature of
all the auspices. One of the ways to explore the importance
and nature of auspices in Garou culture is through mythic
stories.

The stories chosen give examples of mythic themes and
structures, but they are also important in that the Garou
consider these five stories to be archetypal ones for the five
auspices. Galliards, when telling the tale of a particularly
brave Garou who successfully walked his particular auspice's
archetypal path, say he has "feasted in the den of Phoebe."
Such Garou are thought to epitomize the qualities of their
auspice and are regarded with favor, normally gaining three
points of Renown in addition to any other points gained
during the quest. Ahrouns garner Glory, Galliards Wisdom

22
i ———

orGlory, Philodox gain Honor, Theurges gain Wisdom and
Ragabash gain whatever is proper to the nature of the quest.

Each of the archetypal stories below is associated with a
particular auspice's path. All Garou may embark on an
adventure of any of these types, but the Storyteller can take
advantage of the particular auspice role emphasis ina given
story to heighten an adventure's significance to one or
more of the characters involved. In addition, these stories
can emphasize the value of a particular auspice to Garou
culture. The Storyteller can give the characters such a story
because they do not seem to realize the importance of a
particular auspice (or because one member of the party does
not get to "shine" very often, and the story will give hima
good opportunity to do so). Conversely, such stories can be
used as specific, advanced Rites of Passage for Garou who
need to learn more about the mythic importance of auspices
and their auspice in particular.

The Hero's Journey (Ahroun)

The Hero's Journey is the story of personal transforma-
tion. Even more importantly, it is the story of personal
transformation which also has an impact on the world
around the hero. The most fundamental example of the
Hero's Journey is the Rite of Passage. During the course of
a Rite of Passage, a child sets out on the journey to
adulthood. If successful, the child is transformed during the
Rite of Passage and an adult returns. The Rite of Passage is
for Garou both a psychological and physical adventure
during which the child must prove to her fellow Garou, but
more importantly to herself, that she is ready to take up the
responsibilities and freedom that come with adulthood.

There are, of course, many forms of transformative
journey. Often the hero sets out on a journey on which he
plunges into the darkness of the unknown to find some
object or knowledge crucial not only to the hero, but to all
of his people. The hero risks the darkness to bring about a
revolutionary change that transforms not only himself, but
all of society.

The following are two side-by-side examples of possible
Hero's Journeys. Keep in mind that these two examples
emphasize the basic framework of the Hero's Journey, and
that Storytellers should not be limited by these examples.
It is important when creating a story or chronicle centered
on the Hero's Journey, or any of the other mythic themes
discussed here, that the Storyteller emphasize her own
chosen theme and mood.

Call of the Wyld: For the cubs undergoing a Rite of
Passage, the call to adventure is often in the form of a
kidnapping. They are dragged into a situation in which
each is forced to act heroically or forever remain a child in
the eyes of their newfound pack. When a cub takes up the
challenge under the eyes of the ritemaster and moves to
take her place among the young Garou to be tested, she has
taken her first few steps on the Hero's Journey.

The Hero's Journey may also begin with a conscious
decision to enter the magical land to discover something of

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

a ae // -

|


great importance to both the hero and his people. For
example, several Silver Fang warriors determine to go ona
quest to discover why the energies of their sept's caern are
inexorably waning with each passing month. In making
this decision to venture into the unknown for the good of
the caern, the Garou are beginning their transformation
into true heroes.

Into the Dark: The young cubs on their Rite of Passage
set out for the abandoned factory from which, they have
been told, strangely twisted and crazed animals have
emerged. As they quietly climb the cracked loading ramp
and enter the blackened maw of the gaping doorway, they
have crossed the threshold between the known and the

unknown worlds.

Alternatively, the Silver Fangs make their way to the
heart of their caern and perform a Rite of Contrition to
purify themselves before stepping sideways into the Umbra,
moving from one world to the next.

in at the Gate: Just as the young Garou pass
through the darkened doorway, they hear vicious, hissing
snarls as several wolf-fomori (representing the weakest,
back-biting aspects of the Garou) leap upon the nervous
young werewolves. This fight will determine whether they

Guar

may proceed into the heart of the unknown.

The intrepid Silver Fangs pause as they arrive in the
Umbra. Standing before them isa field of withered poppies
where their caern should be. Sitting amid the flowers is a

7 Se

gnarled old Garou (a helper). The old one offers the Garou
warriors the flowers. At first they scoff, but then they watch
as the old one begins to chew on the petals, after which he
slowly fades from view. One by one, the Garou swallow the
petals of the flowers, each feeling a hideous sensation as
their hearts seem to slow and then stop. Collapsing, they
pass into the depths of the unknown (here a pseudodeath is
the guardian to be passed).

The Transfiguration: After defeating the wolf-fomori
who smelled so disturbingly like themselves, the young
Garou venture deeper into the factory. After finding their

way past a delicate maze of fallen beams (a test), the Garou
reach the center of the factory where a font of foul liquid lies
in an old vat. Unable to simply get rid of the liquid, the
it with a powerful Rite of

Garou work together to clean:
Cleansing. During the rite the cubs employ almost all their
Gnosis, and Gaia looks favorably on them. The foul,
Wyrm-tainted liquid is redeemed, and the cubs take some
to show their success to their elders.

The Silver Fangs wake to find themselves in a bizarre
world full of smiling young Bone Gnawers. At first, the
Silver Fangs reject the Bone Gnawers, believing their lesser
presence to be the cause of the caern's weakening power
Just as they are about to attack the Bone Gnawer-defilers

though, one of the Silver Fangs notices the bagginess of one
Bone Gnawer's fur. Pulling on the fur, the Silver Fang rips
itaway to reveal beautiful, silver fur beneath. Ripping again

at the fur, the Silver Fang tears it away to reveal the

burnished black of a Black Fury. Realization dawns as the
young Silver Fangs come to understand that they and their
prejudice against other Garou are the cause of the caern's
problem. Pushing aside their prejudices, the Silver Fangs
run with the Umbral Garou of all tribes, healing the
spiritual wound to the caern.

The Journey Home: The young cubs head back to their
sept, triumphant and happy. Several younger wolves ac-
company them on their journey (representing Gaia's
pleasure), and they meet no further obstacles.

Once they are prepared to journey back home the Silver
Fangs follow a gradually spiraling path through the field
until they reach a second field of flowers, this one roses.
Eating the roses, the Garou return to the physical world

Rejoining the Pack: When the young cubs return to the
sept bearing the transformed elixir, they too are trans-
formed. No longer cubs, the returning heroes are met as full
members of the sept.

The Silver Fangs return to their sept bearing important
tidings. Although it is painful news to bear for the proud
Silver Fangs, the returning heroes must tell their elders that
it is the cancer of pride within that harms the sept. Changes
must be made if the cancer is to be cured.

The Pollen Path of Beauty (Galliard)

Following the Pollen Path of Beauty isa Navaho term for
meditating upon and discerning the wisdom found in
dreams and other mystical states. The Pollen Path is the

23

path of the talesinger, the creator and the dreamer. One can
gain much wisdom along this unique and ever-shifting
path, butit is a path that requires a great flexibility of spirit
to walk successfully. Yet, the wisdom learned on this path
gains value only when shared with others. The path seldom
yields much of solitary, individual worth. Rather, the knowl-
edge comes in great, strange chunks that can be related only
in song and story, in art and dance, and only then does its
meaning become clear. The more who hear of the wisdom
found on the Pollen Path, the greater that wisdom becomes.
Thus, although few walk the path, those few bear a great
responsibility to the many.

Storytellers should feel especially free to use symbols and
folktale-type plots when using this form of story. Large,
impartial truths are explicated through the people, places
and things found on this journey. As Alice discovered
beyond the looking glass, not all is how it seems. Sleeping
insanity may reveal more to the dreamer than waking
sanity. Galliard characters should be encouraged to tell the
tale of any journey they take upon the Pollen Path. It is an
honor to Gaia, and the telling and interpreting of such tales
is one of the most important roles the Moon Dancers play
for the Garou. Any Galliard characters in such a story will
more readily understand the imagery being used, and the
Storyteller may wish to slant the story accordingly or give
the Galliard's player hints and additional information.

The following is an example ofa folklore-style story with
much symbolic importance to the Garou. The information

24
lh —_——

the Storyteller wishes to impart with this tale is that the
Black Spiral Dancers, the Garou's fellows and the shadow
that lurks within their race, have returned to the area of the
sept. Now, more than ever, the Garou must be especially
prepared for battle. (This may also be a story warning that
the Apocalypse is approaching shortly, and that the Garou
must face and purge their own evils in preparation for this
greatest of world-deaths and the following rebirth.)

Call of the Wyld: The players' Garou are hunting in the
woods near their sept when they notice a particularly
powerful and haughty buck standing at the intersection of
two animal paths. The buck stares at the group fora second
or two before contemptuously bounding off down one trail.

The buck serves as the agent to draw the Garou down the
path to adventure, while the crossroads symbolizes an
important choice.

Guardian at the Gate: As the Garou follow the buck,
they pass through some low hanging willow trees (associ-
ated with the moon) and reach the bank of a small lake with
an island at its center. Their own dark, distorted images,
reflected in the lapping water, gaze at the Garou. The buck
swims determinedly towards the island. When the Garou
enter the water they find themselves suddenly pulled un-
der. Some faerie friends of the deer wish to defend the buck,
and the Garou must somehow get past them.

The dark, distorted images are a reminder of the Black
Spirals, while crossing the water signifies a willing immer-
sion in the dream realm. The island ahead is the realm of
prophecy and dream.

The Transfiguration: When the Garou finally reach
the small island, they notice a forlorn old scarecrow still
propped up ona pole, its arms outstretched. The stag stands
behind the scarecrow, while in front of it sit a group of black
wolf cubs who bite and pick at a large turtle that has been
flipped over on its back. When the Garou move closer, the
cubs back away, and the Garou see the turtle is dead.

As the Garou watch, the stag crumples to the ground. A
wind blows across the water, and the stag's body crumbles
into ashes which fill the turtle's empty shell. Seeing this,
the wolf cubs transform into crows and fly into the trees,
where they watch.

The stag is both a representative of Gaia and a totem of
the Fianna (which may indicate that the Fianna are in
trouble or are a key to saving the Garou). The turtle
represents the lost Croatan tribe (whose totem it was), and
the scarecrow symbolizes its sacrifice. The ashes of the stag
are the ashes of atonement as well as pain (and perhaps a
sign of the coming Apocalypse). The black cubs are the
Black Spiral Dancers, and they also represent the danger of
the tribes turning against each other in times of need. The
Storyteller could use the ashes themselves as a talisman
item, or the shell as a fetish.

The Journey Home: This will depend on how the Garou
dealt with the faeries of the lake. Returning to the mainland
could well be a difficult proposition. The Storyteller may
also wish to interweave the pack's personal totem into the

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

einer 2/4

|


narrative, perhaps by some action or as an image scooped
out of the sand but slowly filled by the lapping waters. The
important thing here is to make the characters realize they
have a role to play in the upcoming drama.

Rejoining the Pack: A Galliard character may hear the
voice of her tribe's totem calling out in song in the woods.
(an indication that she should speak of what she has seen
here). Gaia has granted the pack access to information
which grows greatly more valuable when disseminated to
other Garou, even though it may also have personal rel-
evance to the members of the pack.

The Lesson of the Trickster
(Ragabash)

The trickster is the questioner of stasis, the impolitic
observer who brings change into the world. She is the
antihero, far more capricious than the hero. The hero
almost always works for the good of his group, or at least
does not actively work to undermine it. Although the
trickster also usually works for the good of the group, her
intentions and concerns are far different.

In tales of the trickster, any hypocrisy or pretense is
revealed to the world. Establishment and order are often
thrown on their heads, although in the end the trickster
almost invariably aids those she has so discomfited. It is the
trickster's role to force issues when adam of convention and
tradition blocks the necessary flow of ideas and energy that
make up the rhythmic cycles of the universe. In this role as
connector, the trickster straddles the divide between worlds
better than any other type of character. Prometheus was the
trickster who stole fire from the gods and gave it to man.
Tricksters are masters of transformation.

Storytellers can create trickster tales in which the play-
ers' Garou perform the role of the trickster, or in which they
are confronted by the trickster in the form of another
Garou, the Coyote-spirit, a Bastet or any of a host of
creatures. However, the following example places the play-
ers' Garou in the roles of both the trickster and the tricked.

Call of the Wyld: A pack of Garou discover an unusual
fetish (possibly towards the end of another story). The
fetish is a Coyote mask, which when placed over the head
allows the wearer to sense the age-old tracks of Coyote
which crisscross Gaia's surface. Even after the mask is
removed, the werewolf can still see the slightly glowing
tracks of Coyote leading off into the distance. The Garou
has an increasingly difficult time concentrating until he
follows the path left by Coyote. Finally, the Garou and his
pack set off to follow Coyote's tracks.

Into the Dark: The tangled path of Coyote leads the
Garou to the edge of a large city. In this instance, it is the
border between the wilderness and the city that represents
the divide between the known and the unknown world. By
stepping into the mechanized world of the humans, the
Garou are stepping into an alien reality.

Guardian at the Gate: Following the erratic path into
the heart of the city, the Garou find themselves on an
elevator in a skyscraper. The elevator jams between floors
on the way up, and the Garou can hear a disquieting
creaking as some techno-spirits chew away at the cables.

After a quick scramble, the Garou are able to free
themselves from the elevator before it plunges down the
shaft. After all, they are following the path of the trickster,
and the trickster is known for her natural luck. The
werewolves find themselves high within the skyscraper,
looking out on a panorama of the city below. Beside them
isadoor with the words "Glass Walker Computers." Coyote's
tracks lead behind the door.

The Transfiguration: In the case of the trickster's myth,
the transfiguration is actually the point at which the
trickster figure pulls off his trick; that is, he manages to
successfully steal something of true importance from a
powerful group (then gives it into the hands of a less
powerful group), or exposes some hypocrisy or pretense.

Managing to spring the lock, the curious Garou slip
inside the offices of their fellow Garou. Quickly searching
the premises, the Garou find several reports regarding the
recent successes of the Glass Walkers in developing de-
structive techno-spirits that they could send to sabotage
their competitors' electronic systems. Incidentally, these
spirits would also give the Glass Walkers an insurmount-
able advantage over all the other tribes — proving the
Glass Walker's innate superiority. Grinning, the werewolves
lure the destructive techno-spirits from the elevator shaft
into the computer room, where there is ever so much more
to destroy...

The return journey can be easy or difficult depending on
the desires of the Storyteller and the actions of the players.
What is important in the tale of the trickster is that the
flaws of some stale hierarchy or other representative of
authority are exposed, or that the trickster steals and
disseminates some hoarded kernel of knowledge. This sort
of behavior at first seems merely cruel, but in actuality the
trickster serves as a catalyst for needed change.

The Moon Queen and the Sacrificial
King (Philodox)

The myth of the ever-living goddess figure and the
sacrificial king is one of the oldest myths representing the
turning of the seasons and the cycle of life, death and
rebirth. Unlike the tale of the trickster, in which authority
is constantly questioned or mocked, the story of the sacri-
ficial king is one of duty to a higher cause. In some senses
it is very similar to the Hero's Journey, save that the effect
of the Sacrificial King's transformation does not occur
within the king, the hero figure, but without in the world
around him.

The story of the Moon Queen and the Sacrificial King is
a story of the necessity for both stasis and change. The
Moon Queen is ever-present, traveling down through the

Chapter One: Storytelling 25

_— ——

nie iocinaay /


|

ages. The Sacrificial King burns brightly, his energy warming her
face for a brief instant before he sacrifices his life-energy for the
Queen, and thus the world, to continue. She is ever-living and he
is ever-dying, and in them is the dance of eternity, the cycle of life-
death-rebirth.

Storytellers can create these tales of duty and balance in a
variety of ways. In these tales the players' Garou will sometimes
take the role of facilitators, aiding another in a dangerous but
necessary task that will aid a large group of Garou. More often,
however, the players' Garou take the sacrificial role. [tisimportant
forStorytellerstounderstand, thatthe Garoudonot, byanymeans,
need to die in this journey, but they must be willing to die should
it prove necessary for the greater good. First though, the Garou
must prove themselves worthy of this type of sacrifice. This can
only be done by facing a variety of challenges and choosing the
wisest course of action.

The following example places the players' Garou in the role of
the Sacrificial King.

Call of the Wyld: The sept's caem is dying. Over the course of
‘one season the once-vital source of Gaia's energies has faded
alarmingly. The Theurges estimate that within another season the
caern willbenomore. After much searching, the elders determine
thatthecaemn'senergiesare somehow being diverted into the Dark
Umbra of the Underworld. It is rare for any Garou to attempt a
joumey into the realms of the dead, and once there the chance of
retuming is slim. However, this unjust assault on Gaia must be
halted. The characters volunteer to go on the mission.

Into the Dark: The elders give the Garou talismans that will
enable them to follow the caemn's dwindling energies through the
Umbra and into the Dark Umbra. Grimly stepping sideways, the
pack follows the gleaming trail revealed by the talismans.

Guardian at the Gate: The Garou reach a piece of dark, rusted
grating in the forest floor of the Umbra. Opening it, they slip
downwards. Once below, the Garou are surrounded in a dense,
greasy fog. Voices call out to the pack for help, and the werewolves
feel occasional tugs on their sodden fur. Soon they are lost. The
voices ask questions, and if the Garou answer honestly about why
they have entered the realm of the dead, the tuggings will become
stronger, and lead the pack out of the fog. If the Garou are vicious
or rude, they will have to fight the spirits at the gate.

The Transfiguration: After several more challenges, the
Garou finally discover to where the caem's energies are being
drained. It isa terrible, black hole that seems to bleed directly into
nothingness. The caem's energies have been diverted into this
awful void. A lone, mournful figure bearing a sword stands guard
beside the hole. The figure asks the living Garou what their
businessisin the world of thedead. Ifthe characters tell him, he will
laugh hollowly and remark upon their unfortunate bravery —
saying they will undoubtedly come to accept life among the dead
in time, unless one of them enters the void to replace the energies
from the cae. However, whatever creature steps into the void
becomesone with Oblivion—their soul destroyed forall eternity.
Ifa Garou volunteers to do this, the figure will stop her at the last
second and grant the release of the energies, remarking on the
strength ofher convictions. If the Garou fight, it will bea horrible,

26 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ia maim i)

evenly matched battle. Ifthe Garou gain the caern'senergies, then
they may head back, bringing the caem's vitality with them.

Rejoining the Pack: The Garou may well face other challenges
on the long way back to the living lands. At least one of the Garou
must retum the caem's energies to the sept, else any successes they
have had in the realm of the dead are meaningless. It is the
continuation of Gaia's energies embodied in the caern and their
importance to the Garou that is truly important.

The World Eater (Theurge)

Everybody's got a hunger

No matter where they are

Everybody clings to their own fear

Everybody hides some scar

— Melissa Etheridge, "Precious Pain"

The World Eater is the myth of the destroyer, in particular
the destroyer who swallows her young. It is the myth of the
destruction that must precede all creation and is reflected in
stories of Kali, Cronus or Kalma. The World Eater is that
aspect of creation associated with death in the triat of life-
death-rebirth. In the World of Darkness this part of the
creation cycle is represented by the Wyrm and its increasing
onslaught upon Gaia, the Earth Mother.

It is imperative in the world of myth to look into the face of
the World Destroyer, the face of death, lest the terror of this
great force overcome you and leave you passive when action
is required. It is the constant fear of the Garou that the Wyrm.
will win and swallow up the world at the time of the Apoca-
lypse.

In the part of the life cycle controlled by the World Eater,
people may become trapped within the power of the De-
stroyer, find themselves unable to pass through to the next
portion of the cycle. This greediness and the corresponding
fear are echoed in the Wyrm, the force that is no longer
content to remain in balance with the other members of the
Triat, the Weaver and the Wyld.

The Storyteller can use fear of the devourer Wyrm, the
Destroyer aspect of Gaia (who is actually formed from all
aspects of the Triat), to create stories based on the coming
Apocalypse. When creating such stories, Storytellers may
wish to emphasize the womb/tomb symbolism that is particu-
larly prevalent in the vast majority of World Devourer myths.
The World Eater is powerful, and what is more powerful than
the birthplace of creation, which may also be the arbiter of
death?

The following is an example of how the symbolic World
Eater images can be brought into one of the many Apocalyptic
stories so common in Werewolf. It is actually a variation on
the Hero's Journey (as are so many tales), but it is one that
emphasizes the dark world myths.

Call of the Wyld: In tales of the World Eater, the protago-
nists rarely choose to walk the path of the adventurer. Instead,
the path is almost always initially forced upon them by some
minions of the powerful defiler Wyrm-as-mother.


Traveling in unfamiliar territory, the pack of Garou are
overwhelmed by a pack of female Black Spiral Dancers.
During the fight, the Garou are pushed slowly backwards until
the wet, sandy ground they are standing upon gives way and
they go plunging and tumbling helplessly down a steep slope.

Into the Dark: As with the initial summons to the adven-
ture, the protagonists are often forced into the magical world
where the World Eater holds greater sway. It is the realm of
death, a dark place almost always represented by a journey
through a small, dark opening. It is the dark forest or en-
chanted pool of fairy tales, the vagina dentata, or "toothed
vagina" that Freud, the Yanamamo, and others brought up in
patriarchal societies dread so much. It is a dark, powerful,
primal arena of both life and death.

Atthe bottom of their rough descent the Garou fall through
a jagged, narrow opening in the earth. The opening is lined
with rough rocks, which cut several of the Garou as the
tumble. For seconds they watch as the opening seems to close
in above them, and then there is pain and unconsciousness.

Guardian at the Gate: The Guardian in World Eaterstories
functions much the same as it does in other mythic cycle
stories. However, if possible, the Guardian should be one
which truly evokes primal fears in the Garou and through
them, their players.

Picking themselves up from the soft sand, the Garou begin
toslowly make their way through the echoing darkness. Lifting
their noses to scent for any sign of an enemy, they note the
pungent aroma of gas just as sparks flicker in the darknes
Li
verely burned by the gouts of flame that suddenly leap upwards

ping backwards, the werewolves barely avoid being se-

from fissures in the ground. After watching the shifting,
sputtering licks of flame for some time, the Garou begin to
discern an odd pattern to the dance of the flames. After much
concentration, they leap at just the appointed second, sailing
through the darkness of the chamber to the even greater
darkness beyond

The Transfiguration: In World Eater myths the transfigu-
ration is always one in which true world-death is faced,
acknowledged and
ing firm in the face of such horror can the protagonists prove
once again that the world is not yet ready to be consumed and

asted by the protagonists. Only by stand-

destroyed. Whether they personally succeed or fail is immate-
rial. What does matter is that they do not run from the face of
the Destroyer, which is really the dark aspect of their mother
Gaia.

After picking their way along a damp, spiraling path that
seemed to wind down into the very center of the earth, the
Garou finally emerge into a dully lit chamber. The chamber
smells strongly of a rich, fetid loam, a combination both
nauseating and sickening to the Garou. Whining softly, the
werewolves approach the far side of the chamber. As they
reach the center, the sandy floor once more begins to give way,
but this time long, tooth-encrusted tendrils crowned with the
snarling heads of Black Spirals burst out from all around them.
Fighting despite the almost overwhelming urge to run or to

ne A Ae ee

curl up in a ball and just let it finish, the Garou somehow
triumph over their writhing, gnashing enemies.

The Journey Home: This part of the World Eater myth is
also much like the other stories. Once again, however, the
emphasis is usually placed on climbing, especially in a clock-
wise spiral, out of the darkness and back to the surface world.
This journey is the journey back towards light from out of the
realms of death itself. It is the journey of Orpheus, and it is
never wise to pause for long or look back, lest the protagonists
be yet overcome by the forces of the Destroyer.

Hurrying up and over the endless rocks and sand, the Garou

finally spot the tiniest flicker of light. Digging furiously, they
finally enlarge the light hole enough for even the largest of the
pack to make his

y out of the dead realm.

Rejoining the Pack: At this point the Garou are resur-
rected through their own efforts and brought back to the world
of the living. They have faced the death-in-life Wyrm and
have returned to the bright surface world, with its relatively

an be made
adding trials, tests and

familiar terrors. This in itself is a great success. It
even more profound, however, by

helpers that have personal meaning to the players' Garou.
Every character has personal fears and doubts, and at least
some aspect of their journey to the Destroyer's underworld
should reflect one or two such weaknesses. This gives the
opportunity for the Garou to face their unconscious, their

Jungian Shadow, and to overcome it, a truly heroic task.


ae AA

(Daring to Improvise
By Andrew Greenberg

Well, the story is finally ready to go. You've statted out
Gorlansen, the thousai nf itor of the Wyrm, to
the last Background. nappe he blasted Antartic
mountains whe i le Mwill take place.
You've come upl With : ings for Makrie, the
kidnapped Sha Ht as the Wyrm
tries to sacrifi Storyteller's most
important skill
The ability
preparations.

gness to chuck all these careful

to improvise as the pl#

she never could have expectedehat do you do when the
characters hire a mage to teleport Gorlansen into orbit?
How about if they try to cut a deal with the thousand-
tongued beastie instead of fighting it? For all we know, they
might manage to force all the Garou and spirits in the world
to do their work for them.

Thus, no matter how much preparation you do, there is
no way youcan be ready for the infinite number of wrenches
players can throw into the works. Now you're shaking.
You've witnessed both the biggest advantage and biggest
disadvantage to the Storyteller System — it's so wide open
that literally anything can happen. There are some things
humanity was not meant to see.

Afraid of improvising? There are some basic tools which
can make this terrifying process immensely easier.

First of all, keep these basic rules of Storytelling in mind:

1. A game is useless unless both the players and Story-
teller enjoy it.

2. The players' characters are the center of the story.

3. No matter how interesting a Storyteller makes her
characters, they should not overshadow the players' char-
acters.

4. Anything the players do will backfire on them.
(Whoops! Thar's the rule for Vampire. How'd that sneak in
here?).

Real Rule 4. Anything you do in a game can be ex-
plained later (when you've had time to come up with the
explanation).

(By the way, like all rules, the Rules for Storytelling were
made to be broken.)

Whenever things start to go askew, and the Storyteller
has no idea where to turn next, she can think of these and
center the next scenes on them. So how do you keep the
players the center of things when they seem intent on
relegating their characters to a game-life of mediocrity?
The easiest way is to say that a character or the pack is
destined for greatness, that people know that and push
them on. As in real life, however, this strategy is destined
to backfire. The harder the characters are pushed, the more


the players will rebel, until all your hard earned plans are
ruined.

On the other hand, having the player characters become
heroes by accident always seems to work so much better.
When the characters go on their Rite of Passage and find
some tangent path you never thought of, run with it and
beef up the difficulty. Later the elders can apologize and say,
"We have no idea why those 10 mauve fomori were so
interested in you." Now the characters have their second
story (finding out why the Order of Mauve Fomori are
hunting them) and the Storyteller has several more sessions
before she has to commit to a reason for the situation.

Now, the problem is coming up with ideas on the spur of
the moment. Here are some more tools — hope you have a
good place to store them.

1. Make up a new character for the players' characters to
meet or bring back an old one. These characters can be used
to get the story back on track, feed the players interesting
information, start a new story line or just entertain the
players while you think of a more substantial direction in
which to send the story.

2. Think in terms of conspiracies. If things are going off
track, maybe there is a reason beyond the characters' own
actions, Maybe a vampire has secretly Dominated one of
the characters into trying to lead the pack away from the
story you have prepared. Maybe a Theurge is using her
powerful spirits to send the characters on a more important
task. No matter what the characters do, somebody will
benefit from it, and maybe that somebody had a role in the

change. Thinking along these lines can give you all sorts of
ideas as to what may be at the end of the characters'
sidetrack.

3. Use humor to relax things while you come up with a
plan. I know one Storyteller (with whom I no longer play)
who whines like mad when players make light of any aspect
of the game — especially when they're forcing him to put
aside his carefully crafted scenario with their own plans and
schemes. On the other side of the coin, some Storytellers
use humor, both in and outside of the game, to relax things
while they try and figure out what to do next.

4. Listen to your players. This one tool cannot be used
too often. It's not that difficult to determine what your
players want. If they seem to seek out certain characters you
had not planned to use in that story, then they must like
them, and you might want to find a way to use them. On the
other hand, one of the most important things to listen for
is silence from one or more players. If you've been running
stories of political intrigue as the Shadow Lords and Silver
Fang battle for control of the sept, give the Get of Fenris a
toxic critter to sink his Klaive into. If the characters have
been fighting Pentex First Teams in the Amazon, let the
Theurge spend some time in the Umbra communing with
the spirits.

5. Up the Drama! When in doubt, make things more
exciting. Especially with Werewolf, if you have your choice
of two paths, opt for the one that is the more active.
Werewolves are not passive beings, and you can use this to
your benefit when you start flying by the seat of your pants

Chapter One: Storytelling 29

|


The Garou Yation

Greetings, my cubs. Don't be surprised, I sniffed your
coming long before you arrived. Welcome to my little hole in the
Umbra. Allow your Auntie Smollet to bind ‘your wounds in
partial reward for deciphering my riddles. In your very first
Concolation you, of all packs, chewed through the bony gristle
of my clues to discover the sweet marrow at the center of my
confounding tale. And you shall receive your desserts. I shall
keep the promise laid out in the skin of my riddle. I shall tell you
the true nature of the Garou Nation

You have heard the great speeches, sung the great songs and
danced the tributes to the might of the Garou Nation. The Litany
calls Garou Nation a mighty, unified pack. The Litany tells you
that we are a single, being — the mighty Wolf of Wolves. But
the dog has worms.

There was a time —so long ago — there was a time now lost
to dust, there was a time in ages past when all our hearts struck
with one beat. There was a time there was a nation of Garou,
and we were strong, our will was one, our souls called to others
and the others answered. There was a time, but the time is
passed. Let the others boast of the strength of the pack, the power
of the sept, the might of our leaders. I will not. Lam Ragabash,
packless, youngest of the Old Ones, and I will tell you what
others will not.

Chapter Two: Culture

f/POEL  T  Y imeem ae //

We are not one people. We are a pack of tired, frightened
mongrels. Our mighty nation struggles to lift its wounded head
from its sickbed and offer up a threatening howl to the serpent
that coils tighter and tighter around our nest. And yet our
wounds come not from the snake. The very finest and most
glorious battles the mighty Garou fight are against each other.

We mock the humans for carrying old hatreds from old wars
into new generations. We laugh that in the United States they
cannot forget their Civil War one hundred years after the final
shots. We scorn their Balkan conflicts that spill over from the
Middle Ages. But laughter chokes in Garou throats when I
mention the divided heart of the Garou Nation — rent thou-
sands of years ago after the end of the Impergium. On that day
a barrier arose in the heart of the Garou Nation, and we have
never acted fully in concert again

To this day great Garou grumble that we should never have
stopped the Impergium, never have let the humans breed out of
control. These Garou join the fight only halfheartedly , and they
argue when they need to act. It would be impolitic to tell you their
names, cubs. Ando I gleefully name them: Red Talons and Get
of Fenris.

|


|

The Garou Nation divided again with the coming of the
European Garou to the New World. The native tribes did not
accept the help of the Old-World tribes, deemed them as
tainted and as Wyrm-corrupt as the invading humans who
blighted the Pure Land. Many still feel thus, and I name
them: Uktena and Wendigo. The Uktena still seethe at the
patronage of the stronger, Old-World tribes, and they now
traffic in Wyrm lore to gain the power to shake the Garou
Nation to the core. And the Wendigo have all but withdrawn
from us. As they watch the native humans fade away, they
fear they are fated to die as were the Croatan.

Other tribes seethe with barely concealed secret anger over
past slights, and eagerly await a chance to avenge themselves
The Black Furies and the Bone Gnawers bristle over old
wounds, sometimes with good cause. And this too divides our
nation.

Other tribes have withdrawn from our fractured nation,
paying obeisance as required by the laws, and nothing more.
The Stargazers turn inward and keep their own counsel. The
Silent Striders look outward, away from the messy squabbles
of their snarling, extended family. The Fianna are torn from
within, rent along human political lines, distracted by mortal
concerns.

The Glass Walkers and the Shadow Lords see a leadership
vacuum and close for the kill, seeking to usurp leadership in
a thousand less-than-covert maneuvers. One seeks to move
the Garou Nation forward, the other seeks to return us to
earlier glories.

And where is the head of our nation in the midst of the
greatest Wyrm crisis? In our rehearsal for retirement, my
people, the Silver Fangs, cling to every finger of power and
hoard every resource rather than leading the body against the
Wyrm.

We of Garou Nation are no longer characterized by our
unity, but by our divisions. I tell you cubs of this not to push
you into the warm, welcoming jaws of Harano, but to enliven
you. In deciphering my riddle you have shown yourself to be
gifted with great insight by the great spirits. I offer you a
challenge: What can you do every day to forge a nation out
of squabbling cubs in the bodies of great grays? This concolation
is to induct you into the nation, but I tell you, O favored of
the Phoenix, that you ARE the nation. What becomes of you
is what will become of us. It is time you looked beyond the
petty plans of your pack, the schemes of sept and the demands
of tribe. You have a greater home now. And that is all your
kin. You are your brothers' keepers. Aye, and your sisters'
too. It is time that you and your family learned to act your
spiritual age.

— Auntie Smollet, Silver Fang Ragabash

32

ee Ae

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Garou Yation Jn Crisis

We have differed and quarreled in the past;
but now one bond unites us all —
to wage war until victory is won,
and never surrender ourselves to servitude and shame,
whatever the cost and agony may be..
Upon all of whom a long night of barbarism will descend
unbroken even by a star of hope,
unless we conquer, as conquer we must;
as conquer we shall.
— Winston Churchill, BBC radio, 1940

The mighty Garou Nation has stood the test of time, Triat
and technology, and it still stands tall. Though two tribes have
died and another has been corrupted, thirteen live on, and
have forged hard-won bonds of loyalty and honor. Despite
deep divisions and outright hostility within and among tribes,
the Garou have kept their community togetherand continued
to coordinate their actions. They try to maintain a veneer of
civility on the surface that masks the bitter enmity that roils in
their bellies. But at the very depths of the Garou community,
below the feigned politeness, below the brooding animosity,
there lies a very real respect. When all masks are peeled away,
the Garou have a unique admiration for one another. The
Garou all spring from a tradition of reverence for life, and at
their heart they stand with others who strive to defend Gaia.
This sets them apart from supernatural creatures such as the
undead vampires, who come from a tradition of death and
damnation. At the core of the vampire community, there is
precious little reverence for other vampires — just for survival.

Much of the internal strife among Garou is based on their
pack mentality, in which the greater intimidate the lesser and
the lesser threaten to topple the greater. Nonetheless, the
greater and the lesser are required to maintain an inborn
respect for the other.

In order to function, the Garou Nation must resolve
differences, work out policy, punish lawbreakers and conduct
a war against an implacable foe. In order to survive in the
dangerous new world, they often must compromise, and
Garou are terrible at compromise. Because many of them want
their own all or nothing solutions, they are often torn in many
directions.

The Challenge of a Common
Solution

Some Garou believe that the greatest challenge facing
them is finding and harnessing enough spiritual and physical
resources to triumph in the war against the Wyrm, the battle
against the Weaver and the struggle with humankind.

But they are wrong. The greatest challenge comes not from
without, but from within the nation of werewolves.

The Garou arguably have sufficient physical resources and
connections to higher spiritual powers to complete their


difficult mission against the Wyrm. But their energy and
power is constantly diffused by the crushing internecine
strife that has torn the werewolf community apart for
thousands of years. The greatest challenge now before the
tribes is the same one they faced at the end of the Impergium.
It is the vital, pressing need to resolve differences within
the Garou Nation and to put those differences aside in
order for the tribes to focus their energy and resources on
their highest purpose: championing Gaia. A\ll tribes agree
on this, but they disagree profoundly on how to get there.
This has created political chasms in Garou society along
many fault lines.

An Infusion of Politics:
Sources of Dissension

There are many ways to fit Garou politics into your
game, especially in an ongoing campaign when each player
hasa chance for some one-on-one time with the Storyteller
to further the personal aspirations and explore the private
fears of each character. Private time, even if it's no more
than fifteen minutes in every other game session, will go a
long way toward redirecting the focus of the game. If you
have the enviable luxury of entire gaming sessions with
each player singly, you can doa lot to establish ties to tribe,
Totem and Garou Nation.

Chapter Two: Culture 33

One-on-one gaming time can change the pack from
acting as a single-minded entity to behaving as a more
realistic set of individuals with competing and some-
times clashing interests. This is not an open invitation
for the Storyteller to spike all attempts at pack cohesion
with contrived divisions at every turn, but rather an
opportunity to spice up the game with some friction and
natural divisions. It's a chance for the players to get a
sense of their characters as really inhabiting a world with
a rich history: a world where the Garou are born into
conflicts they did not create, and in which they are
expected to carry on the hopes, fears and prejudices of
their ancestors. This will give the pack a chance to

explore some hot issues within the Garou nation and
experience the thrill of not just overcoming evil Wyrm
creatures, but overcoming their own fears and precon-
ceived notions. Garou character get to feel the greater
triumph over the inner being instead of the lesser tri-
umph over the outer world. The pack will have an
opportunity to face the unique challenge of overcoming
differences to find a common solution, which is the true
essence of politics.

Many Storytellers are hesitant to run games which
feature high-level politics, but incorporating these is-
sues is easier than it seems. This section describes a series
of political tensions in the Garou Nation, and gives you
several ways to entangle players in them.

Tribal Politics

The simplest and clearest way to generate political
friction is at the tribal level. All Garou must attend some
tribal moots where their loyalty and zeal for tribal goals
may be tested. These moots are a chance for each pack
member to experience himself as a part of a greater
spiritual group. If your players have been thinking of
their characters as being strongly identified with their
pack alone, this is a chance to give them another point

of view. The character could be caught in a conflict
between two feuding camps in his own tribe. Not taking
sides could be seen as cowardice and could be worse than
taking the losing side.

Generational Warfare

The politics of age weigh heavily on the Garou Nation
and always have. Older wolves have hurt the cause by

trying to impose solutions from an earlier time onto
newer problems. They sometimes try to preserve hard-
won victories long after the mourning has stopped, even
to the point of avoiding new challenges in order to fight
old battles. They sometimes resist necessary changes
even when the need for a new approach is clear. For
example, an Uktena elder who spent a great deal of time
resisting the incursions of the U.S. government into
native lands may carry his vendetta into the modern era,
and resist Uktena Kinfolk's opportunities to attain high
positions in local and state governments. During the


seige at Wounded Knee, the government was an impla-
cable foe, and all cooperation was capitulation. Now the
tide has turned, and the government is more receptive to
native grievances. When elders can't see this, they lose the
ability to form crucial alliances with the human world.
Uktena player characters could be caught in the middle of
this struggle and forced to take sides. The old bull may
count on them to help block the move, and the young
Kinfolk may seek their cooperation in breaching the halls
of government from within. The pack may vote their
conscience, or they may be compelled to side with one
group based on old favors.

Young, aggressive Garou also cause problems for the
tribe. They often carry their exuberance and new-found
hatred of the Wyrm to dangerous and suicidal extremes.
They need to be tempered by the elders to keep them from
jeopardizing missions or putting caerns at risk. If the players
are running young Garou, they may be likely to sympathize
with their younger, more aggressive cousins, and face seri-
ous conflicts when they realize that the youths are making
a ruinous mistake.

Generational conflicts are not alwaysas simple as age. As
aging leaders decline, they try to recruit young followers
who are in alignment with their way of thinking. These
youths may be more fanatical than the elders, since they
hold the position without an understanding of the forces
that shaped it.

The Battle of the Sexes

The Garou have faced gender conflicts at least as long as
have humans. Women have often been blocked from
positions of power, and the birth of a metis is far more likely
to damage the reputation and reduce the power of the
female who bears the child than the male who sows it.
These inequities have generated a great deal of animosity in
the Garou Nation and resulted in the creation of the Black

Furies tribe. The males who resist the accession of female

leaders are not organized and do not overtly stress their
beliefs. Their attitude is difficult to support, since they have
direct evidence that God is a woman. Still, they have
created elaborate rationalizations, such as the theory that
aia prefers that males lead as Her human consorts on
earth, and females who become leaders are usurpers trying
to compete with Her. These males tend to favor packs run
by males, and are uncooperative with packs run by females.

Some females, in large part Black Furies, favor packs led by
females, and do not trust male-led groups.

Old Ways and the Modern

Many Garou hate the ascension of Weaver forces in the
Garou Nation. They see the rise of the Glass Walker tribe
as either an aberration or an abomination. Garou with this
philosophy have tried to organize an antitech group several
times over the last few centuries, but they have never been


able to agree on a charter. Nevertheless, the antitechnol-
ogy faction resists attempts to synthesize magic and
technology and to bring modern ideas into the Garou
Nation. Individual followers of the Old Ways could cause
trouble with Glass Walker characters, or try to sow dissent
in a pack by trying to sway members to the Old Ways.

Warmongers and Peacemakers

The Children of Gaia have found kindred spirits in many
tribes, even in the unlikeliest places. Even some Get of
Fenris and Wendigo have acknowledged during moots that
the Unicorn tribe makes sense when they call for intertribal
unity. Others have been swayed by the words of the Chil-
dren of Gaia but don't wish to admit it. But many are
passionately against what they see as entangling alliances
and stifling cooperation with the entire body of the Garou.
Many Garou, especially high-ranking Shadow Lords, see
this cooperation as a direct threat to their plans for su-
premacy. Tribes such as the Black Furies and the Stargazers
see alliance as potentially jeopardizing their independence.
Still others adopt a pose of following peacemaker ideals in
order to gain support from peacemaker Garou. They will
ask the peacemakers to carry out their will, but they will
reject cooperation when the peacemakers ask them to
return the favor

Garou and Other Shape Changers

The Garou have always been on shaky relations with the
werebears and werecoyotes and the mysterious werecats.
The war in the Amazon has heated up conflicts with the
Bastet and Mokolé, though many point hopefully to the
victories won there. Some Garou take a hard line with their
distant cousins, preferring to strike rather than negotiate
with the alien shapeshifters. Other werewolves insist that
the Garou need to overcome ancient enmities and bring
together the entire community of werecreatures. This argu-
ment usually falls along the lines of the peacemakers and
warmongers. Those who resist unity within the Garou
community usually resist union without. Even some peace-
makers feel that bringing together their extraspecial cousins
isa chore that cannot be contemplated until Garou society
is unified. But many see South America asa very likely spot
for the Apocalypse and think that the hard work of gaining
the trust of the werejaguars and werecrocodiles will be
immensely recompensed. The warmongers find this think-
ing utter folly and believe that the costs of a peace effort will
be far too high to ever be repaid.

Political Encounters

There are many ways to get low-ranking characters
drawn up in Garou politics. This usually happens when a
high-ranking Garou decides to use them for pawns, but it
could also happen after the characters learn secret informa-
tion oraccomplish a great task that has political implications.
Young Garou are almost always out of their league when

a Ae

confronted by political turmoil, but if they meet the chal-
lenge, they can gain not only Renown, but invaluable
political links that they can call on later.

The Garou do not have a formal system of accounting for
favors owed and owing (as vampires do), but they do have
a system of honor that demands that favors and attacks be
repaid in kind. This makes feuds and grudges all too com-
mon within the Garou Nation.

The Renown Awards Chart in the Werewolf Second
Edition rulebook (pp. 190-193) can provide many ideas for
political and social conflicts, in addition to those listed
below.

Something is Rotten in the State of
the Tribe

A very patriotic, protribal Garou gets an unexpected
glimpse of corruption within his own tribe (Wyrm, Weaver,
vampire, mage, evil being, etc.). He has no proof other than
the evidence of his own senses and must decide whether to
ignore the evidence or to take the moral high ground and
tisk scorn, isolation and threats to bring the matter to light.
Any help from his packmates in exposing the matter will
cause the corrupt members to scream "conspiracy" and seek
to undermine the credibility of the pack members or chal-
lenge them outright. (Remember, falsely accusing a Garou
of being "of the Wyrm" is a grave offense and can cost the
accuser a lot of Honor Renown; see the Renown Awards
Chart in the Werewolf Second Edition rulebook, pp. 190-
193.)

Resolving this subplot is a tricky business, because it is
very hard to get proof of the problem. The character may
decide to keep quiet but continue to gather evidence to
build his case. This approach could fail if the character
waits too long, and the corrupt Garou launches his plan and
brings disaster on the area or tribe.

A Gest of Loyalties

A Garou or faction within the tribe approaches the
character and offers him a place within a growing tribal
faction that is out to depose a leader. The challenge may or
may not be legitimate, but the player will have to wrestle
with his character's highest goals and ambitions to make a
choice. The rewards of a successful challenge will be great.
The risks for failure are equally great. The rewards for
joining could be very high. The risk for snubbing the offer
could be worse than accepting and failing.

Alliance with Power

After the pack achieves a great victory and increases in
Renown, the pack members become heroes within their
tribes. This increases their status and makes them hot
properties. Clashing factions within the tribe appeal to
each character to join their group. The pack members have
very little time to determine which camp is truly worthy.

Chapter Two: Culture 35

Vf, PUI EDULE LPS LLEDF Ds TED, DETREI


Seer eee nen care arent are re a rem mrrrenemneren se)

Some camps believe that the character should join for
ideological reasons. Other camps sweeten the deal by
offering special favors and rewards. Each character will
have to decide to joina partisan faction, which will earn the
enmity of another faction, or to join no faction and risk
alienating them all. If the character tries to align with
multiple groups competing for his support, he may find
himself in a very uncomfortable wringer when competing
factions make conflicting demands on him.

J Spy

Once the character is solidly aligned with a faction his
mentors ask him to undertake a dangerous mission. They
ask him to publicly drop his allegiance with the camp and
join a rival camp to spy on them. The character will have
to face the scorn of his current camp, since the rank and file
members will not know he is a spy. Even his own pack may
distrust him, since he appears to be an oath breaker. If the
character accepts, he must work to gain the trust of the
other faction, and learn their secrets. He must make secret
reports without being discovered. If the arrangement goes
sour and the character is discovered, his original faction
may betray him and deny that he was a spy. They'll say
something like, "After he failed in our camp he joined
yours. After he failed in your camp he tried to learn your
secrets to get back in our good graces!"

To put a twist on the deal, the character may become
convinced that his old faction is actually working against
the interests of the tribe, Garou Nation, or Gaia asa whole.
He must decide whether to stick with his original mission
out of loyalty or to switch sides for real. If he switches sides
for real, he must decide whether to become a counterspy
and feed false information to his original camp. He also
must decide whether to disclose his spy activities to hisnew
camp and risk incurring their wrath. He must also decide
how much he wants to exploit his ties to his old group in
undermining them.

Ambitions of Youth

After a particularly stunning victory, the leadership
potential of pack members has been noticed by local
leaders. The Garou have the option to gain mentors, who
shepherd them around the rocky pitfalls of Garou politics.
The pack is invited to speak at moots to explain their
conquests, share the knowledge they have gained about the
Wyrm and call on the assembled Garou to take action in
whatever cause the characters are championing.

If the characters make a credible effort in swaying the
moot, they may be able to organize a large-scale invasion of
a Wyrm pit or Pentex branch. If the raid is successful, one
of the characters may be offered a high-ranking position, for
example as a Sept Leader or Caern Warder. She may have
to battle rivals for the position, but if she wins, she's on her
way to prominence in the Garou Nation.

36
———

But the higher the Garou climbs, the more she finds
competitors out to challenge her and rigid followers who
won't cooperate with certain directions. The player will
have to decide how much force to apply and how much she
should moderate her own actions. Leaders also cannot
come and go as they please, the way they did when they
were young and relatively powerless.

Sometimes succession opportunities come whena leader
dies a violent death or vanishes in the Umbra. If the players
are ambitious, their characters can fill the void by assuming
the leader's tasks uninvited. This is risky, since it can
backfire and earn the animosity of other Garou, but the
rewards are great.

The tribes often appoint representatives to carry their
words to other groups. These roving "ambassadors" move
from tribe to tribe, tribe to sept, tribe to caern and tribe to
council. Ambitious characters may seek and attain this
function. Even characters with no ambitions may be tapped
for this function. They must carry out their tasks out of a
sense of duty or lose Honor. Representing a tribe or sept is
agreat way to geta look into the politics of another tribe or
sept.

When special councils are called, as was the case for the
war in the Amazon, all tribes must send representatives.
This is another chance for the characters to seek offices of
power and importance. As a twist, the leaders may believe
a particular council is a waste of time and deliberately send
an underpowered, low-ranking youth as a subtle insult. Or,
if a council involves an especially deadly mission, a leader
mightsend a character he greatly dislikes. This will backfire
if the character survives, as the character may grow in
stature.

Leadership Dacuurm: The
Silver Fangs

The problems with the Garou Nation begin at the top,
with the Silver Fangs. This autocratic tribe has held su-
preme power over all Garou for millennia. In their early
days their ancestors oversaw the proudest victories of a
proud race. At present, their descendants preside over the
needless and tragic decline of the Garou Nation. Insulated
from the rest of Garou society by their own rituals and
aristocratic culture, they have lost touch with those they
command and issue orders that are confusing, contradic-
tory and often ignored. The rank and file Garou have lost
a tremendous amount of respect for the white-hued wolves
who preside over their community. Many Garou work hard
to circumvent the capricious dictates of the Silver Fangs
without appearing to contradict their rulers. Some take
their dictates only grudgingly. Others ignore them com-
pletely. And some take every opportunity to make their
masters look bad. This weakens the entire Garou Nation,
but the Silver Fangs refuse to acknowledge that a problem
exists and have closed off most channels that the rest of the
nation once used to air their grievances with the Fangs.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

caren <7.


a 7 ee

The Silver Fangs are prisoners of their own past success

Though they make a great outward show of proclaiming
past victories and ancient glories, many of the imperial
leaders secretly feel that they are pretenders who are always
one step away from being exposed. In their refined form of
Harano they covertly feel that their deeds fall far short of
the past accomplishments of the Garou Nation. Because
they feel personally inadequate to live up to the glories of
the past, each additional goal and new project fills them
with dread. They surround themselves with insulating
layers of sycophants and use their influence to try to
suppress or break the younger Garou who bring fresh vision
to the moldering halls of the Silver Fangs.

Many of the more powerful Garou of other tribes know
of the decay in the highest level of the whitest wolves, but
they fear to reveal it for fear of weakening and dividing the
Garou at a time when the Garou Nation needs to come
together. The Silver Fangs may be corrupt, but no one
(except the Shadow Lords) wants the Shadow Lords to take
over. This leaves the Silver Fangsas the main game in town.
So the other Garou stifle their outrage and continue to
bend the knee. For now.

Rivals

Though many Garou see the leadership void as the worst
form of crisis, some see it as a juicy opportunity. Several
camps conspire to take power, overtly or covertly.

Shadow Lord Revolutionary Guard

This Secret Shadow Lord camp consists mostly of high
powered Philodox and their Ahroun allies from around the
world. They are the most subtle of the Shadow Lords, and
most of them are homid. They meet in secret at each
Shadow Lord Grand Moot, and plot the complete over-
throw of the Silver Fangs. Militarily, the Guard are the
most powerful of the rival factions, and they have strong
internal coordination. Though they hatch their plots in
secret and carry out their actions without any coordination
with the Shadow Lord hierarchy, they operate with the
tacit blessing of the very highest levels of tribal authority.

Many high-ranking Shadow Lords aspire to join the
Revolutionary Guard, and being tapped for membership is
considered a tremendous honor. They have thoroughly
infiltrated the Shadow Lord Judges of Doom and have
corrupted the purpose of the Judges to further their assault
on the Silver Fangs. Some of the Judges, who are aware of
the growing politically motivated perversion of their sacred
purpose, are working to foil the Revolutionary Guard.
Some powerful lupus Shadow Lords hate the homid Guard
with a passion and seek to flush out and destroy the Guard.
They consider the Guard's covert operations to be tricks
worthy only of the Weaver and benefiting only the Wyrm.
This has led to some explosive confrontations that have
rocked Shadow Lord society to the core.

2 eer merce wee Mee ear cm PE Tr rR


Seer ere een renee caren are Ar Sa re smarrrennerenew

The Revolutionary Guard has tested the Silver Fang's
strength in some key conflicts, and has forced the white wolves
to back down in several important showdowns. The Guards
key advantage is that they are well organized, and they enjoy
the support of many Shadow Lords who know of their plans.
Their key disadvantage is the way they have made gains, often
by exploiting dangerous situations. On several occasions they
held back crucial resources that ensured that important Silver
Fang missions would fail. By exploiting these wins, Revolu-
tionary Guard leaders have managed to humiliate and further
weaken the Silver Fangs, but the Guard also earned the enmity
of the Garou whose lives they put in jeopardy.

The Guard has greatly increased in power recently and is
rumored to be planning a major coup very soon.

Loki's Smile

This Get of Fenris camp is limited to European Garou and
operates entirely behind the scenes of Garou politics. They do
not have the blessing of the Fenris leadership, who openly
challenge Silver Fang policy but have forbidden conspiracies
against the leaders of the Garou Nation. The Get's rugged,
almost fanatical sense of duty and loyalty, even to weak
leaders, is legendary. Loki's Smile is not out to topple the Silver
Fangs in order to exalt the current Get of Fenris leadership.
Though the members seldom discuss their goals after the
toppling of the Fangs, they all know that they seek to claim
tulership of the Get of Fenris and depose their current leaders.
They are named for the Norse trickster god and chose their
name toreflect the high degree of secrecy of their methods and
goals.

Loki's Smile is led by Half-Moons, and staffed by Full-
Moons, and only admits as members those who have somehow
crossed the Get leaders by trying to challenge the Silver Fangs.
Smilers will work with any Garou or Kinfolk who feels slighted
by the Silver Fangs or holds a grudge against them. They have
even allowed metis to join and have used Wyrm minions to
further their goals. They also seek to embarrass Fang and Get
leaders by finding their weaknesses or shameful secrets and
exploiting them. A typical tactic is to find and expose metis
Garou who are the unacknowledged spawn of their leaders.

The Avenging Mother

This group is a small subfaction of the altruistic Black Fury
Order of the Merciful Mother, which operates overtly as a
ministry to humans in troubled areas all over the world. The
Avenging Mother group covertly tracks the Silver Fangs,
using its global focus as a cover for probing weaknesses and
anticipating rulings. The Merciful Mother has gained a mea-
sure of trust within the Silver Fangs, who view the that camp
asa valuable conduit to mortal society. The Avenging Mother
has exploited the Silver Fang's trust by using their position to
spy on critical intertribal functions. The Avenging Mother
lacks sufficient strength to mount a credible challenge against
the Silver Fang leaders, but they would make a powerful ally
that could tip the balance of power should they decide to join
with another faction.

38 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

[POEs EP AT Ps ET aca eley / -

Crest of the Horn

ThisChildren of Gaiasubfaction operates withina larger group,
the Servants of the Unicorn, which is dedicated to resolving
intertribal differences. The members of the Crestare less interested
in smoothing over differences than they are in exploiting differ-
ences to wrench power away from the Silver Fangs. They keep
track of the grudges that each tribe nurses against the Fangsandare
building a powerful coalition to take power. They do not want to
take power directly asmuchas they want to reject direct, autocratic
rule and supplant it with a Garou Parliament. They have found
allies in every tribe, including powerful Stargazer seers who have
predicted that the Silver Fangs will fall by their own hand.

The Crest is very close to marshaling its allies in nearly every
tribe to enforce a bloodless coup. However, some members have
recently cautioned that the group needs toslow its eagerness. They
suggest that too many Garou depend ona rigid hierarchy and clear
chain ofcommand, and that takingaway dominance could lead to
the unraveling of the fabric of Garou society. They suggest a return
to Children of Gaia policy, which is to work to openly guide and
influence the Silver Fangs to make better decisions. Other Horn
members find this talk to be cowardice at the moment when
courage is needed most.

Fang Breakers

Militant members of the Red Talons and Wendigo have
forged an unusual alliance of convenience to return control of
the Garou Nation over to the fiercest warriors and shift policy
back to one of containment of humans. They count a few allies
from other tribes but remain a fringe group. Their hostility
toward humans offends the other tribes, who have worked
hard to cultivate strong ties with the human race.

The Inner Path

The smallest of the rival camps, the Inner Path is a secret
faction of Stargazers dedicated to taking over the Silver Fangs
by mind controland shaping policy from within. They are very
secretive and operate without the knowledge of their tribal
masters, who would stop them if they knew of the Path's plans.
They work to secure an alliance with the Silent Strider camp
called the Harbingers, but now fear that the Harbingers have
deciphered their true purpose, and may stop them. The Inner
Path has succeeded in winning converts within the Silver
Fangs, most notably the Silver Fang secret society called
Renewal.

Renewal

There are rivals to the power of the Silver Fangs even
within the halls of the white wolves. The secret society
called Renewal dares to dissent from tribal orthodoxy, and
seeks to replace the old, inbred, senile leaders with fresh
and sane ones. They don't want the Silver Fangs to relin-
quish power over the other tribes, since they think this will
spell doom for the Garou Nation. They have recently made
overtures to the Stargazer group called the Inner Path, and
are exploring ways they can work together.

|


The Silver Pack

Over the last few hundred years, the members of the
fiercely independent Silver Packs have come to realize
that they are enforcing Silver Fang rules and decisions
that ultimately hurt the Garou Nation. Some have died
rather than execute orders they found to be unjust. Now,
there is a widespread sentiment among the Garou en-
forcers that the time has come for them to breach their
sacred impartiality and bring down the Silver Fangs.
Many are working to break down the political walls
separating Garou factions, but in so doing they risk
becoming the pawns of the factions who help them.
They will accept the help of Garou who sincerely try to
help them resolve differences and build alliances.

But the Silver Packs have gained bitter enemies who
resent their judgments. These jealous Garou fail to
accept that the Phoenix has precedence over all other
tribes and all other totems. Working to help the Silver
Packs could make secret enemies for the characters.

Opportunities for Political
Intrigue

There are many good settings for political intrigue, but
the best are the Garou gatherings.

Chapter Two: Culture

Each monthly tribal moot is designed to bring the Garou
together, but it is more often an opportunity for Garou to
vent their frustrations, forge alliances and challenge adver-
saries. Common topics for each tribe are the declining
effectiveness Silver Fang leadership and whether their own
tribal leaders have an effective plan in the face of this
declining leadership.

Sept moots are designed to celebrate and strengthen a
caern, but they are often rent with division as members of
each tribe jockey for position with one another and nurse
old grievances. Trials held at moots used to go uncontested.
Now many Garou openly question the judgment of their
leaders and undermine the power structure.

The Garou in charge of running the moot often lack
control and have trouble restraining or even channeling
the anger into productive directions. When moots arrive
on the brink of disaster, the masters of the moot are forced
tocut short the schedule and call for the Revel. Sometimes,
revels are the only time all the participants act in concert,
and they often have a calming, healing effect on the group.
By enacting a ritual of unity, the fractured Garou experi-
ence unity.


WAS
SS

Grand Moot

Grand Moots bring together entire tribes. They area rich
source of political drama, as camps within a tribe air their
differences and attempt to gather allies. The Grand Moot
will seldom be a focus of a standard Werewolf game session,
since it is only open to members of one tribe. However, it

makes a great backdrop for a solo game session and provides

an opportunity for one character to seek help from greater

members of her tribe. [tis especially important when games
focus on arbitrating tribal politics. If a character needs to
accuse a member of his own tribe of treachery, he may be

called to bring in other witnesses, say the members of his
pack. This can get all the player characters into the game
for a rousing session.

Concolation

Concolations became more common as global transpor-
tation became easier, and now they occur every few years.
They are wild and unrestrained affairs that showcase the
best and the worst of the Garou Nation. Since it is open to
all Garou, the characters can arrive in their pack

The Concolation is the setting for the arbitration of the
greatest intertribal disputes. The rival factions that seek to
challenge the Silver Fangs make their power plays here.
The Silver Fangs dread the Concolations, because each one
is more contentious than the last, and more challenging to
their power.

In response, the Silver Fangs have used the Concolations
asa place to clamp down on dissent and demand increased
oaths of loyalty. They have even used the Concolation to
send dangerous rivals on potentially deadly missions, offer-
ing insufficient resources, inadequate knowledge and
negligible backup. If the rivals protest, the Silver Fangs
imply that the rivals are cowards and try to use the as-
sembled crowd to shame the rivals into accepting. This
tactic keeps working, but it is only a matter of time until a
pack survives the death mission and returns to be showered
with enough glory and Renown to challenge the Silver
Fangs.

Because Silver Packs are renewed or created at
Concolations, many different groups champion their own
members for admission. They try to stack the pack in their
favor so that they will have a friendly ear and receive
preferential treatment. However, many Silver Pack mem-
bers do indeed become impartial when placed in the Silver
Pack, and refuse to award extraordinary treatment or spe-
cial consideration.

One way to use the Concolation in a game is to make it
the payoff to an extended campaign. At the start of the
campaign, the Concolation can already be scheduled, which

would allow the characters to look forward to it (or dread it)
as it approaches. If the campaign is an ambitious affair
involving high-stakes events, the Concolation could come
about as a direct result of the character's actions.

Se yy

|


For example, the pack could precipitate a Concolation if
they stumbled across Wyrm plots of unprecedented scope.
If they obtained compelling evidence of a Defiler Wyrm
plot to take over the entire body of the Wyrm, ora Seventh
Generation scheme to taint all remaining caerns, they
would be justified in prevailing upon their tribal leaders to
launch a Concolation. If they successfully get the word out
in the Garou community, the clamor fora Concolation will
cause one to spring into being.

Also, player characters are famous for getting into ter-
rible scrapes. If they get in way over their heads, it's
conceivable that they will wind up in so much trouble that
their tribes alone cannot rule on their actions, but a full
Concolation is required to sort out the mess. The pack will
have to rely on wits and clever role-playing to survive such
a high-stakes trial.

Likewise, joyous events such as discovering and charting
a completely new Umbral realm would be grounds for
calling a Concolation. Restoring a corrupted caern could
be sufficient cause to bring the tribes together as well.

The Concolation is a good setting for political intrigue.
Every power group that the pack ran into during the course
of the game will want to discuss matters with the characters,
and the characters will have to handle the meetings care-
fully.

Ultimately, most Garou believe that the multitribal
Concolations are essential, and that the war will be lost if
they don't come together. Hard-won coalitions, the ac-
cords in the Amazon for example, unravel quickly if they
are not constantly maintained. The Nation is splitting
apart as the Garou try to come together, and Gaia calls for
brave Garou who are not afraid of exploiting their political
clout to preserve the Nation.

Imperial Moot

The heart of Silver Fang power lies in the special ritual
called the Imperial Moot. Imperial Moots can only be
called by decree of the Kings of the Silver Fangs and only
in the most critical circumstances. There have been fewer
than twenty in all Garou history. In this special ceremony,
the Silver Fangs direct the energies of the entire Garou
Nation toward one purpose. This may be to destroy a very
powerful Wyrm being, to empower a dying caern or to
reclaim an area to the Wyld. There have been no Imperial
Moots since 1855, and many Garou believe that the Silver
Fangs are on the verge of calling the next one in order to
reconsolidate their power and to make a preemptive strike
against their rival factions. Some believe that the Silver
Fangs will use this moot to demand loyalty from every
Garou on pain of banishment or death. Some members of
rival factions have sworn that they will attack the Silver
Fangs rather than swear loyalty. Others take a more subtle
approach, having decided to swear fealty to the Garou
Nation rather than the Silver Fangs, and thus see the entire
Imperial Moot as an opportunity for a massive showing of
no confidence in the Silver Fang leaders.

Chapter Two: Culture

LE EE TY)

The Divided Heart

There is a large and subtle political fault line in the
Garou community that goes beyond the dissension be-
tween the young and the old, the males and the females, the
warmongers and the reconcilers, the old guard and the
modernists, or even the Silver Fangs and rest of the tribes.
It is an often quiet but very deep and very old wound based
on breed. Advanced Storytellers can add a lot of spice to
political infighting by accentuating the politics of breed.

The Garou have great difficulty resolving differences
because of their inherent dual nature — half human, half
wolf. Their two sides face problems and resolve differences
in utterly different, even contradictory ways. The clash of
the two breeds can leave both sides in a dispute more angry
than when they began. Rather than resolve internal or
external tribal problems, their divergent and often irrecon-
cilable approaches and solutions often make problems
worse.

Asaresult, the Garou community has split internally, in
asecret, rarely named division that cleaves every pack, sept,
tribe and the nation as a whole. The division is built into
the bone and marrow of every Garou because it is a division
of origin. Of breed. Homid and lupus thinking are so far
apart on so many issues that conflict is inevitable and
unavoidable. Metis are largely ignored in this conflict, as
their power is considered nonexistent. Few Garou will
acknowledge the conflict, and many younger members are
plainly unaware of it. It does not directly affect the young
and only indirectly imposes those Garou who gain Rank.
But as a Garou gains prestige and power within the Garou
nation, it becomes harder and harder to ignore. Only the
oldest and most powerful Garou discuss it or even have
words for it. It is of critical importance to them, and they
work hard to make sure younger Garou do not know of it.

The issue revolves around the method Garou will use to
apportion power and apply resources. It is to the advantage
of lupus Garou to make decisions through might and direct
combat, where they enjoy the advantage. It is to the
advantage of the homid Garou to set policy through debate,
argument and political maneuvering, where they have the
upper hand. The homid elders call lupus ideas on overt
dominance through animal strength "beast thinking," and
sneer that it is an oxymoron in terms. The lupus elders call
homid ideas on subtle political maneuvering "monkey
tricks," and disdain them as unworthy of true Garou.

This secret political division between homid Garou and
lupus Garou is deep set; its origins lie in the very manner in
which humans and wolves resolve social problems.

The Wolf Solution

In the wolf community, interanimal dynamics are com-
plex, but solutions are relatively simple. Pack structure is
clear, with an autocratic leader on top, the pack Alpha, and
wolves of lesser status below. The Alpha is an unquestioned
dictator. All attempts to deviate from his commands are

41


|

seen as a direct challenge to his authority, and must be
settled with a confrontation that can end only with imme-
diate abject humiliation or blood. If the challenger does not
immediately hang his head and tail in shame and offer up
his vulnerable underbelly, the two must fight. The winner
becomes the unquestioned leader, and the loser, if alive,
skulks off. There is no arbitration, no mediated solution
and no compromise. Those are human ways. Not the ways
of the wolf.

This method has the advantage of providing a clear
chain of command and promoting unambiguous loyalties
on the part of the community. Wolves follow the leader,
whoever that is. They challenge if they feel they can win,
and they obey if they feel they cannot. Many wolves yearn
for the perks of the Alpha's office, but few try to attain it
since the stakes are so high. This system tends to put the
strongest and craftiest wolves at the top. The attributes that
enshrine them in power are reflections of the skills they
need to fight other creatures of similar or lesser power and
intelligence. However, these attributes are seldom ad-
equate in a fight against the ingenuity of humans or the
supernatural powers of the Wyrm.

The Human Solution

In the human community, fighting is described as an
unacceptable way to resolve differences. In all but the most
primitive of cultures, leaders usually do not resort to overt
personal physical violence with other leaders to assert
dominance over the groups. The leaders either work out
differences constructively, they commit violence covertly
or they marshal their followers in mass violence against the
followers of the other.

But the followers often demand that their leaders accept
many of the follower's aims. This compromise has found
large expression in democratic forms of government but
shows up even in authoritarian regimes. Middle class mer-
chants have brought down kings, and dispirited foot soldiers
have lost wars. Wise rulers make sure they at least have
support of their followers in their most public goals, even if
they have little support for their less visible objectives. Too
many humans are too stubborn and willful to make very
good subordinates. They are not always easily subordinated
by Alphas using active-aggressive techniques to rule, and
the ruled use a plethora of passive-aggressive techniques to
resist orders they dislike.

This method has the advantage that the leader and the
masses are often forced ot give and take in closer connec-
tion than that experienced by an Alpha and the rest of the
pack. The will of the governed human is often a consider-
ation, if forno other reason than granting minor concessions
can avoid revolution. The leader can act with assurance
that his position is relatively safe — or at least that he does
not have to fear that at any moment his authority might be
challenged and his life taken by one of his trusted followers.
For the most part, though followers may try to usurp his
position, they usually must work through overt channels,

42 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

TT

without the element of surprise. They may try to destabilize
the ruler thorough covert channels, but they risk the
censure of the community even if they succeed.

This human method has a distinct disadvantage, as well.
When leaders fail to resolve differences with other leaders,
they often marshal their followers in open warfare against
another leader and his or her followers. The death toll of
large-scale warfare as a form of conflict resolution is often
very high.

The tendency toward stubborn self-will in humans is as
ancient as humankind, and is described in detail in sources
as diverse as Genesis and the writings of anarchists. Many
lupus Garou maintain that all changes in human society
away from pack politics is Weaver manipulation. Mages
explain this asa function of the potential for Awakening —
a crucial psychic component that separates humans from
the beasts. Nevertheless, humans can be easily led by a
powerful Alpha, and many humans are very willing to
surrender their free will for a feeling of security.

The Garou Resolution

When lupus and homid Garou come together in the
Garou community, they bring with them their own deep-
set notions of problem solving and hierarchy. The homids
want to debate and outmaneuver their rivals, and the lupus
want to tear their rivals' throats out. These styles are in
direct conflict. The competing forms of Garou conflict
resolution are in themselves a conflict that must be re-
solved. The lupus find the homid forms to be weak, craven
monkeyshines, and the homids find the lupus forms to be
belligerent, short-sighted internal violence masquerading
as policy.

In reconciling the differences in forms, wise Garou
created the Litany. It is not perfect, but it attempts to walk
amiddle line between the two extremes without embracing
either. Some homids complain that keeping animal forms
of conflict resolution will consistently doom the Garou to
a lifetime of internecine strife and power struggles. Some
lupus complain that any compromise in hierarchy is unac-
ceptable, since compromise itself is a human concept. The
answers enshrined in the Litany are not perfect, but they
have has kept the community together for thousands of
years.

The trouble with the homid-lupus struggle is that nei-
ther side is right. Though some homids have had just cause
toscheme and plot against some foolish, overbearing lupus
tulers, others have not and have undermined excellent
leaders for their own gain. And though many lupus have
had good reason to tear into a homid Garou who was
engaged in destructive betrayal, many have provoked feuds
and carried out vendettas by resorting to violence long
before they had exhausted other means. The war of breed
is very old and very hidden, but it is very strong. It shows no
sign of easy reconciliation.

|


The Blood and the
Bone

I feel
The link of nature draw me: flesh of flesh,
Bone of my bone thou art, and from thy state

Mine never shall be para, bliss or woe
— John Mile ost

Seasona

Seasonal rites
place to veel.
four great rites
Werewolf Se

pt to sept and
buGelebrate the

solstices (see the
specific tribes ha

their own dayf of honor, re

embrance and commitment.
The rites performed by a given sept vary according to a
number of factors, with some septs performing only the
great seasonal rites and others performing some sort of
seasonal rite at least once per moon. The nature of these
tribal rites varies widely, ranging from the solemn, stento-
rian Rite of Long Remembering of the Silver Fangs to the
American Bone Gnawers' raucous celebrations on
Superbowl Sunday.

All tribal rites reflect, at least in some part, the essence
of the tribe that created them. The rites have all been
passed down through the centuries, and they survive be-
cause they hold some fierce kernel of the truth of Gaia

which the tribe values. However, although tribes such as
the Shadow Lords and Silver Fangs are loathe to admit it,
each rite has also undergone continuous change and re-
flects in some way the modern tribe as well. This combination
of the ancient and everlasting (the bone in Garou par-
lance) and the currentand ephemeral (the blood) reinforces
the C

The following rites are some of the more common rites

‘ou's connection to both Gaia and their tribemates.

performed by each of the thirteen Garou tribes. The accom-
panying chart shows each rite in relation to the four great
seasonal rites of the Garou. One seasonal tribal rite is given
for each of the tribes, but Storytellers should feel free to use
these as templates for other seasonal rites, perhaps per-
formed only by certain septs or in particular places in the
World of Darkness.

Unless otherwise noted, tribal seasonal rites follow the
basic em outlined in the Werewolf Second Edition
rulebook. This requires the ritemaster to make a Stamina +

Rituals roll with a difficulty level of 8 minus the level of the
caern (8 - level; if the rite is performed at a caern). For most

tribal seasonal rites there is no adverse reaction unless a

botch is made, in which case the participating Garou will
each receive a +1 to difficulty levels on all Rituals rolls for
the next lunar month due to the jarring of their psyches.
Alternatively, the Storyteller can choose another negative
effect he feels is more fitting, although the results should
last no more than a month. The result of a failure is that the
rite simply does not feel quite right, and any usual results do
not materialize.

Chapter Two: Culture 43

————— ms /


|

The Mysteries (Level Three)

Tribe: The Black Furies

Time: First new moon following the Winter Solstice (Decem-
ber 20, 21 or 22)

In the womb-dark of the first new moon following the Winter
Solstice most Black Furies tag in what they term the
Mysteries. The Mysteries, as d despread rites, vary from sept
tosept, butthe essential nai tren of thisriteissurprisingly
regularand unchangin atime of death, renewal
and questioning. Duri .e Furies ceremoniously
make their way (if pos tor with a cave in itora

rock placed in the center
children then take their
stone. Finally, the youngF
central object.

The ritemaster, usually the eldest in the gathering, then tells a
taleofone ofthe many women whowalked the spiral path into the
labyrinth, into the death-darkness where knowledge lies, perhaps
into the arms of the enemy. There are many such heroines:
Persephone, Inanna, Kore. As she speaks, one by one the Furies
begin a dance, often mimicked by maypole revelers, during which
each Fury weavesher threadamonghersistersasshe makesher way
down thespiral path. When they havefinished theirdanceand the
ritemaster has ended her tale, the sisters sit in the darkness and
share cup of blood-wine, the drink of spiritual awakenings. Until
recently, a touch of hemlock or other poison was always added to
the brew to aid in visions, but the dangerous process is not always
practiced today. The rite ends at dawn.

Superbowl Sunday (Level Two)

Tribe: The Bone Gnawers

ing red twine around the tree or
tie lengthsof whitecordaround the

Time: January (Superbowl Sunday)

Every year American Bone Gnawers gather around radios and
theoccasional TV setand get ready towatch the BigGame just like
8bazillion red-blooded humans in their cozy livingroomsand bars.
Superbowl Sunday is the date of a peculiarly Bone Gnawer rite.
Theritealmost definitely descends from an oldbettingrite wherein
the limited resources ofa sept were for one nightput at the disposal

during the pre-game iber of the sept tells what
he thinks the sept should do for:
include scouring the streets to help kids or women running from
their drunk and abusive family members. (After all, Superbowl
Sunday is the most violent day of the year, so it's not like it's hard
torun into such folks!) Other common suggestions include going
after drug dealers, checking on Kinfolk, conducting a rite to flush.
out any Maneaters (Garou partaking of human flesh), etc.
Despite, orperhapsbecause of, thesurprisingamountofhelp the
Bone Gnawers give to whomever they direct their attention that
evening, the Gnawersalso view thisrite asa great excuse fora party.

44
lh —_——

As the sept gathers round to watch the Big Game, the ritemaster
passes around an old hat or the like and each Gnawer throws in
some small token of value (a CD, an Indian head nickel, a Spawn
comic, etc.) and declares what he wants to do when he wins. He
then predicts who will win and by what margin. As the hat passes
rounditcollectsenergy from the participating Garou, and iftherite
issuccessful itactually becomesa temporary fetish. Thishat is worn
by the winning Garou. Its power lasts for the night, drawing the
Garou unerringly to his target of vengeance or need. A sept often
uses the same hat for many years.

No two Garou can bet on the exact same result, so there are
often tussles over who gets what numbers. But the mommas and
poppas soon slap the youngsters into shape, and all bets are made
before kickoff. Watching the game is part of the rite, as is severely
mocking the halftime show, with the best mockers gaining some
Renown for their skill. Throughout the game winners of various
side bets and contests are given objects from the betting hat as
rewards. At the end of the game the sept takes off on the mission
chosen by the winning bettor. The rite ends at dawn or whenever
the Bone Gnawers get too tired.

Imbole (Level Three)

Tribe: The Fianna

Time: February 2

AtImbole the Fianna gather around large bonfires (although a
reasonably sized fireplace will do ina pinch) to perform one of their
more powerful rites. Until recg most all Fianna septs
performed the Imbolc rites. a good number of septs still
perform the rite, though aof the British Isles rigidly

keep the tradition. Altho bolc rites almost always take
place atasept's caer, the ly have to be performed
there.

At sunset the bonfires @e built up and lighted to the rhythms
of Celticmusic. The mood ally intense with anticipation,and
many Fiannaclaim tofind perceptions involuntarily slipping
into the Penumbra e preceding day. As the flames
begin tolightupd itemaster tells the tale of Fionn.
mac Cumbhail, the the Fianna, and the greatest

among their Kinfolk. Af e first tale is finished, the ritemaster
moves on to several more classic Fianna ballads and stories
involvingthefairfolk. Asshe speaks, the ritemastercarefully grinds
upa small number of faerie seeds with a mortar and pestle. These
seeds, which have been gathered during the Fianna's occasional
forays into faerie trods or the Arcadian Gateway realm, are
powerful indeed. Mixing the seeds into a potent home-brew, the
ritemaster invites each Garou present to partake of the newly
created spirit-brew.

As each Fianna scoops up a mug of the brew, she calls out a
stanza of poetry, a short riddle or a few lines of song as an offering
to Gaia at this time of awakening. Once all have filled their cups,
each of the Fianna raises her cup and drinks in turn to Fionn mac
Cumhail, the new cubs of the Fianna, and their friends of faerie
(some Fianna have hypothesized that this is actually a toast to the
past, the present and the future of Gaia, but most Fianna dismiss
this hypothesis). Drinking three times deeply, the Garou step
sideways into the Penumbra. There (unless the rite fails) they find

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

aac aaeay /


at least one dweller of faerie awaiting the Garou, and quite often
a large number of the creatures. Very often the type of faeries
discoveredawaiting thesept providesanomen forthe comingyear,
and so the Fianna are always concemed if one of the dread and
sorrowing bane-sidhes awaits their coming. Why the faeries agree
toparticipate in these rites is unknown, forno Fianna consult with
themon the matter. However, the Garou assume the faeries made
abargain with oneof the Fianna'sancestorsandhonorittothisday.

Once in the Penumbra, the Fianna follow their faerie escorts
through the Near Umbra to the border between the Fianna
homeland and Arcadia. There, every Garou partakes in a raucous
hunt, straining hissensesto their utmost, ascluesand signs ofGaia's
will and her needs in the coming year are often found on Imbole.
The clues are always vague, although this seeming could have to
do with the Garou's profound inebriation and the effects of their
proximity to faerie. It is also said that some Fianna have been
known tolie with faeries on this night, but this may be mere rumor
and boasting.

Asthe night wears on the Garou collapse one by one, worn out
by theirspiritual journey. They each awake in the morning. Rarely
isa Fianna lost during this rite. On the occasions when a member
of the sept doesnot return, the Garou mourn; but they also believe
thatthe Garou was taken in by the faeries, and thatsuch analliance
may give the sept an advantage should the fey return to Gaia.

Feralia (Level Four)

Tribe: The Silent Striders

Time: February 13

Variously knownas Feraliaand The Dead Time, February 13th
great importance tothe Silent Striders of the world. The

some sort. Even the Eaters of the Dead participate (although their
version of the rite may be slightly different; some Striders have
reported finding "burt out" Painting Stones they believe were
used by the Eaters). If members ofa Silent Striderseptorpack know
ofa fellow Strider suffering from Harano, they will normally do all
within their power to convince the suffering Garou to participate
in the rite, for it has been known to cure the Harano-stricken.

Throughout The Dead Time, Silent Striders gather at places
across Gaia wherever the objects known as Painting Stones are
located. Other tribes are unsure how Silent Striders know where
to locate such stones when traveling in a foreign area, but it is
rumored that the wandering Striders sniff out the powerful stones
in the Penumbra. Painting Stones are not named for any marks
they bear throughout the year; the name instead describes part of
the Feralia rite.

Atexactly the middle of the night, the designated ritemaster
walks silently up to the Painting Stone and traces the symbol
of the Silent Striders on the stone. The tracing may be in mud,
berry juice, blood or any other natural substance. As she
finishes, the ritemaster quietly names one of the signs of the
coming Apocalypse that she has learned during her life, and
she then says whether she has seen evidence of this sign since

Mg

Chapter Two: Culture

the last Dead Time. In turn, each Strider present paints the
symboland speaks ofa sign and returns to her place in the pack.
When all have spoken and placed their mark on the Painting
Stone, the ritemaster rises and circles the stone three times
counterclockwise. She then leaps over the Painting Stone,
passing into the Dark Umbra, the Umbra of the dead, at the
top of the arc. The other Striders follow in turn.

Within the Dark Umbra the Striders are met by members
of their departed Kinfolk, who whisper pieces of prophecies
and knowledge to their living relations. Throughout this time
the Striders run westward, evermoving as they listen to the
wisdom of their Kin. Itis said that as long as they keep running,
they are protected from the wraiths. Should a Strider falter,
though, even for an instant, she may become trapped within
the Dark Umbra of souls, perhaps forever. The Striders con-
tinue running and listening to the whispers until they see a
gleaming rock in front of them. Leaping over this new stone,
the Garou find themselves at another of the Painting Stones,
just as any Garou there are leaping into the Dark Umbra. This
unexplained phenomenon can result in an odd sight in the
physical world, as one Garou leaps upwards only to have an
entirely different Garou complete the leap.

The rite sweeps westward with the night until all partici-
pants have completed their leaps. The Striders often learn
much from their time among the dead; however, the informa-
tion is always fragmented and unclear, and the Striders spend
much time attempting to determine its exact meaning and
import.

System: The base difficulty for this roll is 7, but there are
only a few Painting Stones within the area of a caern, so
ritemasters are usually on their own. Failure indicates the
ritemaster does not manage to open the gate between the
physical world and the Dark Umbra. This results in a loss of
Honor (3 points) for the ritemaster. A botch indicates that the
ritemaster loses her footing in the Dark Umbra and may
well become lost (by failing a second roll).

Rite of Joining (Level Two)

Tribe: The Children of Gaia

Time: Earth Day (late April)

TheChildren of Gaia havealwayscelebrated theRite of Joining
during Spring. Only in recent years, since their efforts have
widened to promote a ws ini
World-Mother, hav
thisriteon Earth Day;
day alive in the min

fe Childrenare committed tokeeping this
humans and Garou alike, and they work
i love and respect for

, TOUS i pt to spread

inGo-ops mpuses, Wolves met at

el FQ that affitg'6F respect for the earth, our
tion an

Mother, will be performed, if | \d time. None are tumed
away from the Rite of Joining, be they human, Garou of any tribe,
metis, or Kinfolk. The rite itselfis led by tworitemasters: the female
Voice of Gaia and the male Arm of Gaia. Together, the two
ritemasters encourage all participants to join hands as the

45

|

|

Garou leaders (in Homid form unless no non-Kinfolk humans
are present) salute the East and the air of Gaia's kiss, the South
and the fire of her embrace, the West and the waters of her
love, and the North and the earth of her body. Finally, the two
Children salute the spirit which joins each living being to
every other one in the world. Once the salutations are com-
plete the ritemasters pass deosil (clockwise) around the circle,
asking each participant in turn to speak briefly as her heart
moves her. When this is completed, the ritemasters lead the
assembled participants in planting specially blessed Peace
Trees. These seedlings represent the World-Tree where Gaia
sheltered the pups that became the first of the Children of
Gaia. Following the planting the participants are all invited to
share a meal and to dance, play music, sing or otherwise
celebrate life and their love for Gaia and each other.

System: The Children watch over all Peace Trees planted
for they are very sensitive to the ebb and flow of spiritual
energies; a successful Perception + Empathy roll will reveal the
general balance between Weaver, Wyrm, and Wyld near the
tree. However, if the initial rite fails the trees are simply trees,
while a botch indicates the trees are somehow tainted by the
Wyrm and not only will not provide information but will
radiate a slight aura of hostility, encouraging conflict in the
nearby area.

Memorial Day (Level Two)

Tribe: The Glass Walkers

Time: Memorial Day

While American Glass Walkers observe this rite on the
American Memorial Day injlate May, Glass Walkers around
the world conduct this rite Qn whatever day the humans of
their country set aside for su@h a Glebration. The rite itself is
rather spare, and would seenggtrafive and cold to most Garou,
but it strikes a chord wit! Iker psyche.
pss Walkers gather on city
iddings, and human-made
\ds and ancestors. This rite
ho have fallen not only in

At dawn on Memorial
rooftops, in parks, panel
homes to grieve for theif:
specifically honors Glass
the service of Gaia,

mons the gathered
>f Honor. Such halls are
nowadays more likely a somber room with a
specially dedicated « sculpture, or a marble

wall, which is alwa' A far this one day.
Whatever its form, the Hall of Honor has carved or other-
wise written upon it the names and deeds of the sept's most
honored martyrs. After any new names are proposed and duly
entered in the annals of the Hall, the ritemaster calls down a
city spirit to infuse its energies into the Hall. The ritemaster
requests that the spirit serve the Glass Walkers for one year,
protecting the Hall and occasionally aiding the sept in other
ways. The Garou will offer to do one favor for the spirit in
exchange for this sacrifice. Often the spirit's request requires
some of the sept's younger members to go on a quest for some

Glass Walkers to the sg

46
lh —_—

item or piece of technical energy or knowledge that the spirit
wishes. Although there are rumors of Glass Walker septs
forcibly binding spirits during this rite, so far there has been no
proof that this is actually so.

System: The ritemaster must make a Wits + Rituals roll
(see Ritual of Summoning in the Werewolf rulebook). If she
fails, a spirit will not come to the sept unless the Garou actually
search the Umbra for one. If the roll is botched the spirit will
attack the sept.

Rite of the Jmpergium (Level Three)

Tribe: The Red Talons
Time: June 28
Thefell Rite ofthe Impergium takes place one fourth ofamoon-

time (one week) after the Summer Solstice, On thisnight the Red
Talonsgatherandhowloutthe Sor pergium. The Howl
is in tum grating, guttural, derisivg and murderous,

‘vitably attempt to
are within range
to run far or fast
ir own dirge.
although the Talons claim

and any save the Talons who.
flee itssource. Unfortunate]

enough to escape wl
The rite is sim,

the rite has nu: arou have lost the capability to
understand. The n point to these shadings as proof that
they are the g a who remember the true mission of their

people, who grasphe truth of their Mother's will. Although the
Red Talons generally bow to the long-ago decision to end the
Impergium, on this one night they throw off the burden of the
ridiculous compact and enforce the Impergium again. The
ritemaster, the Alpha of the pack, leads the howl recounting the
halcyon days of the Impergium and the subsequent failure of the
Garou when they repealed their sacred duty to Gaia. As the Howl
ends, the Alpha leads his pack on a massive sweep of the pack's
territory or beyond, searching out humans to cull from the herd.
Although they seldom attack a whole town, ranches, campers, rest
stops and the like are commonly attacked. During the attack, the
Talons continue the deep-throated, ululating growl that is the
refrain of the Song of the Impergium. At dawn the Red Talons
normally return to their normal territory, far from all human
habitation.

Naskit-tin (Level One)

Tribe: Wendigo

Time: When the first Alaskan flowers bloom (late June to
early July)

Naskit-tin is celebrated by the Wendigo of Alaska and parts
of northern,
rite, unaffeg
by this tribé
land. Sum:

@@fitry are short and intense,
the days as ‘lip as the interminable nights of
Alaskan winters* ipires loathe this time of year, and
the Wendigo celebrate their exodus as well as the flowers'
return.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

nmmeemmieas </

|


During this lyrical and joyous rite, the ritemaster leads the
way out onto one of the sweeping plains of their land. The

others of the sept trail along behind her in no particular order,
often pelting each other with any snow still on the ground or
leaping in mock ambushes. Spirits run high and that is as it

shouldbe, forthe energy encouragesall life toburstforthinjoy. JF
As they walk, the ritemaster tells the tale of Tuacholka, a
Wendigo ancestor who climbed the highest mountain in the
world to see Gaia Herself when She was grieving so fiercely for
the loss of the Croatan that even the earth, Her body, could no
longer grow warm. Tuacholka told Gaia that the Wendigoand
their brothers and sisters of the Uktena would never forget the
Croatan, and that they would gladly take the weight of their
Mother's pain if only she would return Her warmth to the
world. Grateful for Her children's love and strength, Gaia
returned the warmth to the lands, and Her tears turned to
flowers of love.

Asthe ritemasterspeaks, she ceremoniously gathersenough
flowers to form a wreath. Shedding a single tear each upon the
delicate flowers in memory of the Croatan, she passes the
wreath toherseptmates to add their tears. When all have done

so, the ritemaster tosses the wreath far out onto a river or the
ocean so that it might carry their pain and love to the Croatan.
The Garou then turn to the fields and flowers they love and
commence a wild, romping salute to the beauty of life and
Gaia's blessings.

Rite of Long Remembering (Level Two)

Tribe: Silver Fangs

Time: August 2

The Rite of Long Remembering is performed by every
Silver Fang septon August second of every year. Although the
date has been known by various names, this day is said to be the
date when the first wolfgrept_into the World Navel and
successfully had failed.
The rite itselfj cl je first wolf's
journey into A 1 subsequegif victory over
Darkness.

The rite itsel
of years. The words are always howled out by the most
beautiful-voiced Galliard of the sept, and the tune is as
haunting and majestic as any howl known to Garou. The rite
itself is highly stylized, as different Garou take the parts of the
proud animals who tried and failed to aid Gaia; Darkness; the
First Wolf; and Gaia Herself. Positions are assigned through a
rigid status hierarchy, with the King of the sept always taking
the role of the First Wolf.

Once the Drama of the First Wolf has been reenacted, the
Silver Fangs recite a grandiose history of their people that
seems remarkably self-serving to the few members of other
tribes who have heard it. The Silver Fangs manage not to
mention the other tribes of Garou at all, except for a few
references to the "helpmeets" and "little brothers" of the Silver
Fangs. At the end of this long rite, the younger sept members

Al

i!
yy fy | 1h
Ali

i
‘

i
{ i
pe ae / |
Hp 7 Ky
Nr é
/ AM


AZ",

are instructed to meditate strenuously on all they have learned
andon their responsibility to carry on the great tradition of the
Silver Fangs as preeminent among all Gaia's children.

System: Botching this rite means incredible shame to the
ritemaster, who loses one level of permanent Honor Renown.
Any Silver Fang who does not attend this rite also loses much
Renown (-3 Honor), and may even be shunned or punished in
some other manner befitting one who has shamed his ances-
tors and himself.

ite of the Opened Claw (Level Four)

Tribe: Shadow Lords

Time: October 5

Two weeks following the Autumnal equinox, the Shadow
Lords of Japan and the Far East observe the Rite of the

Opened Claw. WesterngShadow,Lords may also observe
this rite, but it iar me o@imon amop¢g their Eastern
brethren. 4

The rite is
Ceremony. The
known as Ke
the brew are ki

japanese Tea
i brew,
ingredients of
aught the

and the watching'Garou of the sept are ever alert for a
mistake or hesitation by the ritemaster. Although the sept's
leader may designate as ritemaster any Shadow Lord in his
domain who knows the rite, the leader almost always takes

on this role himself, for the dangers of allowing another to
make the brew are obvious to any Shadow Lord leader
worth the name.

After the pouring of the Ke-Chuin, the ritemaster searches
the faces of the assembled Garou to determine whom
Mother Gaia and Father Thunder have chosen to partake
of the tea. Ke-Chuin is said to open the claw that surrounds
the spirit, revealing it in its true glory or depravity. Those
Shadow Lords who know this rite claim to see a burning
halo or aura around those chosen. Those Garou chosen
must step forward and drink deeply of the bitter brew. The
ritemaster closely watches the imbiber's aura, claiming that
any sign of Wyrm taint or corruption will immediately be
revealed. This may indeed occur, as the Garou named
corrupt inevitably die within minutes of drinking the Ke-
Chuin. Members of other tribes have, perhaps uncharitably,
remarked how often the ritemaster's enemies or those who
have displeased him are among the Garou who die of their
exposed taint. Those whose auras reflect purity after drink-
ing of the Ke-Chuin often gain position in their sept.

System: If the rite is unsuccessful, the ritemaster will be
unable to truly detect any sort of aura from the assembled
Garou. A botch indicates that the ritemaster will have a
fatal reaction to the Ke-Chuin tea.

Rite of the Three Wells (Level Three)

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Time: October 31

The Get of Fenris take to the Umbra every Samhain
(October 31) to seek out the three wells at the base of
Yggdrasil, the World Ash Tree. The Get claim that Yggdrasil
isa vast splinter from the original World Tree of Gaia, whose
three roots each draw energy and wisdom framone of the three

‘comes nigh, Ygedrasil
wolf or steed that will

the Wyld), Mimir Honor and the Weaver), and
Hvergelmir (the Of Glory and the Wyrm). During the
night of Samhain, the Get make a pilgrimage deep into the
Umbra to reach one or more of these wells. Itis sometimes said
that Yggdrasil exists at the center of the Get's Homeland, but
others say the tree exists in a realm all its own. Regardless, the
ritemaster must successfully seek out a well or suffer the sept's
wrath and great personal shame. Upon reaching a well, the
Get are always faced with a challenge. The nature of the
challenge varies, although combat is common (especially at
Hvergelmir). Ifthe Get overcome the challenge they may look
into the waters of the well and catch glimpses of their indi-
vidual fates, the fate of the tribe, and of the world as of that
moment.


(a

Upon their return, the Get quickly go over any images they
have glimpsed within the wells, and the elders interpret their
meaning. There is little if any squabbling over the interpreta-
tions, for the Get do not waste time on such things. Fate is the
Fates, and elders whoare nearer to their inevitable embrace are
best at knowing the minds of the fates.

System: If the ritemaster fails the roll, the tribe will be
unable to locate the World Ash Tree. Two successes indicate
the ability to find two of the wells, and three or more means the
sept may journey to any or all of the wells. A botch means the
ritemaster leads the sept into a very dangerous place in the
Umbra where they are attacked by spirits of some sort.

ite of the Wyrm-Eaten (Level Two)

Tribe: Uktena (and Wendigo Ghost Dancers)

Time: Thanksgivings in the United States and Canada

The Rite of the Wyrm-Eaten is a relatively brief rite filled
with ironic poignancy. Taking pladén,the European-Ameri-
cans' day of Thanksgi ay trayal as the Uktena
and Wendigosometii i rite isastark reminder
of the poisoning of the Puy the Wyrm'screaturesand
agents.

Laying out a great feast

esenting all of Gaia's great
bounty, often including spit ast veal, corn, potatoes,
wheat, chicken, bread, fruij , the ritemaster and all
participating Garou tell the tale of the Pure Lands before they
were touched by the Wyrm's fatimt. Focusing the energies of the
gathered Garou, the ritemas' erforms a stark dance repre-
senting the coming of the Wyrm and the Wyrm's minions to
the Pure Lands. As the ritemaster dances, several Garou take
upathythmic drumming and chantingas they call out to Gaia
to reveal the state of the Pure Lands today. As the dance and
energies reach their crescendo, the ritemaster whirls and
plunges her claws into the fatted pig or another piece of meat.
Ripping it open, she stares at the entrails, as their condition is
said to speak of the condition of the Pure Lands. In recent years
rot and maggots have all too often greeted the ritemaster's
efforts.

Regardless of the condition of the food (for any of the food
reflects the level of Wyrm taint), the Garou each take a bite
from every dish so that they may eat of their Mother's pain and
better understand her ills. So far, there have always been a few
dishes untouched by corruption, but the rot discovered at the
feast has been increasing in recent decades, and this greatly
concerns the Uktena.

System: Any Garou who participates in a successful Rite of
the Wyrm-Eaten receives a -1 difficulty level modifier for any
rolls to detect evidence of Wyrm taint. This benefit lasts for
one lunar month following the rite. If the rite botches any
Garou participating become violently ill from the taint, and
receive a +1 difficulty to all Physical rolls for the following
lunar month.

Sky Hunts (Level Three)

Tribe: Stargazers

Time: Any lunar eclipse

All major astrological concolations are important to the
Stargazers, but the lunar eclipses have special importance to
this tribe. During such eclipses; many Stargazers embark on a
rite known as a Sky Hunt. Asjin many things, the Stargazers
differ from their brethren Garg: when jt comes to tribal rites.
Sky Hunts are indivi
mentor and her stud
individual must joui
of her own philosophy

Klaital or Mnemis or mafy ¢
the End of the Wor 0
Any Stargazer c: fe of

journeys on herown,
The Stargazers be
alunar eclipse tha
moon is a distra:

e fitst Stargazer, Myridia (or
5 beside), traveled to

a center.

fo this rite inevitably

iseasier to grasp during
e dazzling light of the
¢ obvious, the profane, can
dazzle the eyes of the student the quiet inner light of the
sacred. When beginning a SkyHunt, the Stargazer looks into
apolished silver mirror, a pool 6f still water or other reflective

, just as

surface, and calmly watches the moon begin to disappear in
shadow. As the first edges of the moon dissolve into darkness,
the Stargazer wills herself to do likewise.

She moves out of her body into the mirror, and from there
into what some members of the World Tree camp refer to as
the Astral Plane, or the Heavens or Upper World. While
traveling this strange and fluid domain, each Stargazer looks
for the truth in her own way. She can continue her Sky Hunt
until the last shadow slips from the moon's surface, at which
time she finds herself back in her body. Except for a certain
number of the World Tree camp, the Stargazers are unable to
enter this revelatory aspect of the universe except during the
time of the Sky Hunts.

System: Stargazers who successfully complete this rite
actually enter the Astral Plane (or the Astral Umbra) for the
duration of the rite eclipse. Their physical bodies remain
behind, thus they may travel to places normally inaccessible to
the Garou. If the rite is botched the Garou separates from her
body but is unable to enter the Astral Umbra. Such a Garou
is trapped until someone covers the reflective surface used in
the rite. Stargazers have been known to become forever lost in
such situations, their bodies dying while their spirit lives on. It
is a terrible thing, since they may not be reclaimed by Gaia
until they find a way to return to their bodies and true death.

More details on the Astral, or Upper, World can be found
in Mage sourcebooks.

Chapter Two: Culture 49

eS A

On the Importance of
Being Renowned

By Sam Chupp

Asa Storyteller, you
ways: as a reward, Storytelling
element — all vali ecHanism, Renown
exists in order to k ‘ters from gaining power
too rapidly, to allenge and a goal to achieve.
Since even a, from one level to the next
means suc!
before yor
Renown And advancement and make this information
known to your players.

jown in many

You may, for example, choose to make Renown only a
minor part of your chronicle: you tell the players ahead of
time that they'll be playing Rank one (or two, or whatever)
Garou for the entirety of the chronicle, plain and simple.
This frees you in many ways, but it still requires you to
supply some other reward or punishment system to commu-
nicate to the players that they are doing things well or
executing plans poorly.

On the other hand, your chronicle could be about how
asmall pack of callow cubs rises to elder status by participat-
ing in a series of wild and glorious adventures which make

Si

them known throughout the Garou Nation. Whatever
your initial decision, you need to make your players aware
of the role you expect Renown to play in your stories so they
can anticipate when they'll receive their ultimate reward:
new Gifts, fetishes and the new-found respect that comes
with Rank.

As a reward for good behavior, Renown is perfect for
channeling your players into doing the things that you feel
their Garou characters should be doing. Ultimately, your
main rule of thumb in assigning Renown points is that you
should look not only at how it will affect the character you
are upgrading, but also at what you are encouraging the
player to do by giving them this Renown. If you would
prefer the Garou characters to be political and scheming,
reward them with Glory and Honor and Wisdom when
they are politicking in the court of Lord Morningkill. If
you'd like them to be monkeywrenching, reward them
when they go after the Pentex affiliate in town and when
they link in with Gaia Net.

Your players will have to learn how to tailor their actions
to get the Renown that they deserve. Many players do not
like playing characters that don't have at least a hint of a
chance to rise in Rank; nobody likes to be ina dead-end job.

The best use of Renown, however, to is to make it part
of the story. Let's say you tell the players that they'd get
more Renown if they had a Galliard to represent them
during the moots and at the Galliard Moon Circles —
instantly, the group finds a story element which will pro-
vide a nice subplot for several sessions: finding a Galliard
and adopting him into the pack. Another story idea is that
the players know of a Garou who is skyrocketing in Renown
and Rank — much more so than normal. Your pack may
decide to investigate this superstar Garou and try to dis-
cover the secret of his success: perhaps he is genuinely a
great Garou, but it is also possible that the Wyrm has
something to do with his rapid growth and success.

Remember that Renown is not just a list of checkmarks
on the character sheet: it represents the stories and songs

* told about the character around the moot fires, the amount
of, fleeting — or enduring — fame the character has
_-achieved for an action. An entire game session can involve
the retelling and acting out of these tales of dashing Glory,
unwavering Honor and crafty Wisdom.
= The Storyteller decides which actions of the characters
— which stories — get propagated throughout the Garou
Nation. Soon, characters may hear epithets added to their
names from their Renown stories: "Hello, Maximilian
> Tron-Claw!" or "Hey there, Mall-Walker!" Renown stories
are wonderful examples of Garou culture at its finest, and
that is where the power of Renown truly comes into play:
Garou become living myths and legends, re-playing out
ancient stories and ancient problems — all of the stories
recorded and sung by the Galliards.

|


Having the players tell these stories themselves before
the "fire" is great fun. This style of Narrative Renown —
rewarding Renown around how well a player tells of his
character's exploits — can be great fun. You may even be
lucky enough to have a musical player who happens to also
play a Galliard; if so, get her to compose some songs and
perhaps the pack can spend some time during the game
listening to them. There is nothing finer than hearing your
character's name sung in proper Garou praise.

Don't let this hurt players, however. Not everyone is a
performer, and many roleplayers don't like being on center
stage. Use Narrative Renown toadd to the fun of rewarding
Renown, but don't let it get out of hand and unbalance the
troupe.

Of course, if you use Narrative Renown, you mustn't
forget that there is such a thing as ignominy. Galliards tell
scornful or even humorous tales of characters' misadven-
tures on a regular basis. Such tales are extremely popular
among the Garou, even more popular than the great tales
of Honor. Many are the Garou who have tried to intimidate
a Galliard into not telling a tale of ignominy; it's up to you
as a Storyteller to decide whether or not you allow this to
occur.

For more information on whata Narrative Renown story
may be like, take a look at the Werewolf short story
anthology, Drums around the Fire, which has many tales
of Renown in it. Also, Narrative Renown lends itself well
to Live-Action roleplaying, as in The Apocalypse, Live-
Action Werewolf.

You must keep Renown in mind at all times as your
players move their characters through the story you've
created. Even though another Garou may not be around
when the pack leader curses out the Silver Fang elder, you
should knock off a few Honor points just because the spirits
in the area would have heard and perhaps whispered this
report to spirit-keepers in the sept. You may wish to decide
to be generous with temporary Renown but extremely tight
with permanent.

Whatever you decide, you may bring Renown into full
flower in your games by making sure you are paying atten-
tion to the affect it has on your players' roleplaying, your
own Storytelling and the story that you're running. Re-
nown should never usurp the process; instead, it should be
an extra color in your palette, a color you use to bring a
deeper shade or texture to the game canvas.

Chapter Two: Culture 51

|

waa) ¢ H} i


Scent of the Invisible
World

By Dan Greenberg

There is a world beyond that of the conscious mind and
senses of humans. It exists in both the mundane and the
Umbra. It's a universe informed not only by color and
sound, but by the pungent descriptions and complex illus-
trations written in odors. The smells of both the physical
and the spiritual world create a vast, silent, invisible layer
of information imbedded in the land. Bold, powerful, om-
nipresent odors blanket the landscape like heavy fog and
dominate the horizon. But softer, subtler smells must be
carefully coaxed out of the terrain by a cunning nose and
careful investigation of the area. Garou often lead with
their noses when following a trail. Whether in Homid or
Lupus or any form in between, they dash madly over the
area, sniffing every bush and water cooler, seeking delicate
traces of smells and rooting out indications of previous
contact. They trust delicate, half-perceptible smells of the
quarry over overt signs of recent passage. Seen changes can
be faked. The smell information rarely can.

Creating this utterly alien landscape isa major challenge
for Storytellers, who lack the requisite sens

© to paint a
picture of an olfactory world. Here isa guide for Storytellers
who seek to bring this potent sense into their Werewolf
games.

Chapter Three: Setting

[RO nn

Smells of the Natural

Werewolves are steeped in the primal senses of their wolf
kin. For Garou, smells are a potent source of knowledge
about the world

en humans, with their very limited sense of smell,

have powerful reactions to certain odors. Scents bypass 2

person's developed brain and shoot directly to the part of
the brain that stores memories, where powerful recollec-
tions and associations are instantly triggered. Smells conjure
up primal emotions the way that no other senses can.
Human scientists barely understand the murky world of
pheromones — chemical markers that have a profound

subconscious effect on the ways humans interact.

For animals such as wolves, scents describe a world of

constantly shifting territorial markers and domin

ance-
submission relationships. The strong social bonds between
‘e enforced by scent. All wolves know one

pack membe
another by their scent, and the Alpha makes sure that the
scent of his urine and feces is omnipresent in the pack
encampment. This helps him keep order and promote pack
cohesion.

When the pack is on the move, the Alpha regularly
deposits his urine and feces on conspicuous objects along

the trail. Subordinates are expected to leave their wastes in

inconspicuous areas. By smelling the dominant objects ina
field, other members of the pack can locate the Alpha's
familiar scent and follow the route. Wolves can communi-

53


Sree cera rane caren ner. va ry aa rem mnarremamnerenseh

cate in a limited fashion through these spoor deposits,
which last fora long time. They use them to maintain their
territory against outsiders as well as to communicate within
the pack.

Smells of the Supernatural

The Garou have all the olfactory sophistication of their
wolf kin, and more. Like wolves, they have none of the
revulsion to smells that affects humans. They don't object to
"bad" organic smells such as feces and rotting food. In smells
that most humans find vile and nauseating, the Garou find a
wealth of fascinating and thoroughly enjoyable information.
The smells the Garou find unpleasant are antiseptic chemical
smells, heavy perfumes and, of course, the many scents of the
Wyrm. The hypersensitive hearing of wolves and dogs can be
a source of pain and actual damage when the animals are
exposed to powerful sounds that are too high for humans to
hear. Likewise, a hypersensitive sense of smell leaves the
Garou vulnerable to overpowering chemical smells. Ammo-
nia, pesticide and most solvent odors are so repellent and so
overwhelming that Garou are almost physically driven away
by them. The more intelligent agents of the Weaver and
Wyrm know this and drench their headquarters with solvents
that are only mildly annoying to most humans, but are
physically distressing to the Garou.

Like wolves, the Garou enforce order in their hierarchy of
dominance and submission through scent. They leave their
powerful pheromones along trails and use them to mark their
territory. This odoralone is strong enough to unnerve humans,
who sometimes feel tremors of the Delirium when they smell
it. It is powerful enough to frighten away animals, who know
it signifies a powerful, supernatural presence. When a Garou
defeats another leader, or takes over after the death ofanother,
she sprays the old leader's territory, fetishes and possessions
with her urine and feces to claim them by scent.

Besides marking territory and leaving trails, Garou use their
pheromones to leave encoded messages for their allies in a
private language that they communicate through scent. They
can communicate simple concepts — danger, help, caern,

Antiseptik

This colorless solvent with a powerful antiseptic
smell was developed by Pentex to help guard their sites
from Garou incursions. It is used three ways — sprayed
over an area, heavily coating an area, or concentrated.
Garou who smell it must make a Willpower roll against
its stench. If the Antiseptik has been lightly sprayed

over an area, as in facilities that are of limited impor-
tance to Pentex, the difficulty is 3. If it coats the walls,
as it does in Pentex inner sanctums, the difficulty is 6. If
the Garou smells it in raw, undiluted form, the difficulty
is 9. If the roll fails, the Garou suffers a -2 penalty from
all Dice Pools. On a botch he runs away, gagging, and
stays away for at least five minutes.

54 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

victory, Wyrm, spirit, tribe — and simple location clues, for
instance North of thismountain. Individual packscreate scent
languages in order to leave messages for one another. Some
septs create private scent languages as well. This language
cannot be used to make complex sentences. Heavy rainfall can
obliterate the markers, but short messages can retain their
meaning for weeks.

Garou can also leave markings in the Umbra. The spirit
world is conducive to this sort of communication, and Garou
can leave messages that are more complex than is possible in
the physical world. Their messages can communicate simple
sentences and refer to individuals known to both the "speaker"
and the audience. These messages do not fade with time, and
last indefinitely unless they are deliberately obscured or de-
stroyed by a natural Umbral element, such asa storm ora lava
flow. Garou have made pilgrimages into the Umbra to smell
the messages left by Garou heroes long since deceased.

Reading and Writing in
Smells

Leaving a message in odor requires a Manipulation +
Primal-Urge roll against a difficulty of 4 in normal condi-
tions and 7 in difficult conditions (rainfall, snow). To read
the message, the smeller must roll a Dice Pool of Perception
plus the number of successes the writer gained while leav-
ing the message (Per + writer's successes); the difficulty is
normally 5, but this can worsen with weather conditions.
This system requires that the Storyteller keep track of the
pungency of each message. Garou can rewrite messages if
they feel the message is not clear enough. Each attempt
takes three minutes.

Painting Pictures in Odors

Storytellers can describe whole new worlds by using the
language of smell. Odors can add a new dimension to the
game. Adding sense information is evocative and creates
images in the players' minds. In any roleplaying game, as
well as in any story, symbols are far more powerful than
straightforward facts. Indirect information paints pictures
of greater power than facts because the reader or player's
imagination fills in many more details than words can
describe. This is especially true of descriptions written in
odors.

For example, instead of saying "You smell Meat Pup-
pets," a Storyteller can paint their presence by saying "You
smell a delicate, fresh-scrubbed-baby-skin scent laced with
the sour essence of rotting meat." This evokes the essential
nature of Meat Puppets even more than the name can, and
yet leaves open a bit of mystery about what the creature
really is. Even after the players are aware of this olfactory
description of Meat Puppets, the vivid description can be
chilling — especially when the Garou smells rotting meat
first, and then realize that it is tinged with the odor of
innocence.


Wilderness

When your civilization falls in its grave

The Language of the Invisible Technology throws on the dirt
World You realize the finest things in life 4
Toassis ‘ Are the ones that can never be hurt
‘oassist Storytellers in creating a world of scent, here 5 a
are some aromatic words to round out a vocabulary of — Hiisker Da, "Crystal!
scent, and paint odor pictures. Microchip's Journal, Day 1:
Words for Smells: As much as it pains me to do this, I am forced to enter the
aroma woods and live like a weeks. All because
pungent
bouquet rich
cloud seasoned 4 m
emanation savory i
essence sharp ‘
fragrance sour learned my lesson.
odor spicy Today I entered the woods near the Kennesaw National
perfume sweet Battlefield. So far | have seen nothing but trees and mosquitoes.
smell tangy I fear I might go insane so far away from my offices. The
dos' Verba: iat boredom is likely to drive me mad, even if I manage to survive
the mosquitoes.
emanate weak
engulf Wyrm Smells: The problems of surviving in the wilderness are many
* and varied, especially in the World of Darkness. Werewolf:
Sone barbed The Apocalypse involves forest settings more than Vam-
Permeate crooked pire or Mage. Garou are connected with nature: that is their
smell fetid birthright. But many of the Garou are born in the city,
trickle foul trained to survive in the urban jungle, not in the jungles of
Bad Smells: hooked the wild. The forests and deserts are dangerous enough in
fetor loathsome the real world, especially for the untrained, but in the
weak noxious World of Darkness new elements come to light, elements
seach putrid that are particularly dangerous to ignorant Garou.
stink ab Aside from the perils to the foolish or unlearned, how-
- . ever, the wilderness in its myriad forms is also rejuvenating
Qualities of Smells: serpentine to the Garou. Those rare places untouched by humans are
acid sulfurous all that are left to the werewolves, and are really what they
acrid toxic are fighting for in the first place. Gaia's influence is power-
bitter vile ful in the wilds, and here, as nowhere else, she is unmarred
biting Weaver Smells: by the careless. The beauty and danger of the forests are
bland ance dwindling all too quickly, replaced by civilization and the
caustic brittle scabs left by humans. The humans have even forgotten the
course relents most basic rule of the woods; never defecate where you
hot elaborate sleep.
ie fine Survival in the Wilderness
luscious hollow
mild ornate Microchip's Journal, Day 3:
musky pale The canteen I brought with me is empty, and I have just
peppery silken learned a very important lesson. Never trust unmoving waters.
I've just spent the last three hours regurgitating my rehydrated

piquant spidery

eggs and shivering uncontrollably. The last time I felt that sick
for that long, I had just finished a full plate of bad sushi. | wish
I had my damned Boy Scout's Survival Manual handy. But, I
can hardly be blamed, I never expected to spend another day in
the Land That Time Forgot. So far this lesson of mine has been
pure hell.

Chapter Three: Setting 55


|

If | never see the "Glory of Gaia" again, it will be far too
soon. And I still say the Red Talon are ignorant savages
living in the Stone Ages. Maybe I'll move to Alaska; they
kill wolves there, don't they?

Survival is basic, but not a need that many Garou are
prepared to handle. There is more to survival than simply
packing the proper camping gear; the basic needs of exist-
ence cannot be fully supplied by a tent or from a backpack.
Fresh water can be very hard to find, and a great number of
people have suffered the consequences of drinking water
that tasted just fine but held toxins. The first important rule
about drinking water in the wilds is to pick a supply of water
that is moving. Still waters may run deep, but they are often
in the first stages of stagnation and can carry some of the
same bacteria that are responsible for food poisoning. Most
Garou can survive these poisons, but they are likely to suffer
from debilitating stomach cramps and even a severe fever.

However, just finding a running stream is not enough.
There are several types of plants that are toxic when
consumed, and certain portions of host streams carry the
poisons that the trees and plants exude. A large dose of one
of the poisons can be fatal. Even in mild doses the toxins
can cause great discomfort and a slow lingering death.

One example of a poisonous water plant is the water
hemlock; the roots of water hemlock hold the poisons, and
even small doses will cause illness. Normally the plant itself
must be consumed to cause harm, but in fast moving waters
where the plant is often found, a diluted form of the poison
ches into the waters as a natural side effect. If the plant
as been damaged in severe rains or by a careless accident,
the toxicity is substantially increased and is deadly enough
to paralyze and perhaps kill even a Garou.

Shelter

Microchip's Journal, Day 4:

It rained last night, a torrential downpour if there ever was
such a thing. Before the storm was through, my tent had
collapsed under its own sogey weight, and the clothes on my back
were stuck to me like a second skin. I think if the rains had come
earlier, | would have defected from my tribe on general prin-
ciples. Man has designed conveniences to defeat the elements,
and I am very much aman or, if you prefer, a homid. But the
last three days have been something of an eye opener for me; |
had forgotten just how refreshing a long hike could be. Perhaps
my jogging time in the office gymnasium has dulled my senses.
I can see so much out here that I've been taking for granted, and
the moon is so bright away from the city's lights.

Another problem of surviving in the wilderness is shel-
ter. Most of the heavily forested areas are easily
accommodating, but dangers still exist. For lupus Garou,
shelter is found in a good warren or a comfortable area
between a few strong trees. But for the homid Garou there
is the matter of knowing which areas are safe and which are
deceptively safe.

56 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

OEE TE TE a Ty

Recreational vehicles are often used by humans for
roughing it, but they are not likely to squeeze into the
woods or down a dirt path very easily. If the campers' plans
are for the wide open spaces, then they'll be okay. But
otherwise, the RV is of little use.

Most homid Garou depend on modern day conveniences
to make their lives easier, more as a matter of upbringing
than out of any actual need. The taint of civilization has left
too many city-born Garou unwilling to trust their instincts.
Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers both suffer from a strong
urge to resist their lupine instincts and survive on their wits.
One of their big mistakes stems from believing that a tent
will keep the wilderness at bay.

Tents work well enough in most cases but hold little
hope of keeping out the aroused forces of nature. A tent will
easily collapse under the onslaught of rain and wind in a
heavy storm, and as most experienced campers can tell you,
they have a tendency to leak if the sides are touched during
a downpour. A hidden problem with tents is that they are
often not nearly as large as the labels lead campers to
believe. A 10-person tent will only sleep 10 ifall agree to lie
perfectly still throughout the night and leave the majority
of their gear outside. A safer bet is that this tent will hold
six comfortably.

Placing a tent properly can also prove a difficult task.
The ground in the forest is almost never level, and when it
is fairly level there are almost never any trees to assist in
anchoring the tent more securely. Most campers tend to
stay in areas designed by humans to accommodate camping
gear more easily, where the dangers are minimal, or at least
mostly human made.

Many of the Uktena and Wendigo Garou are more
knowledgeable in surviving in the wilderness, primarily as
aresult of their upbringing. While some Uktena are willing
to concede the uses of modern day camping equipment, few
of the Wendigo would ever be caught using a nylon tent
instead of the more traditional trappings from their heri-
tage.

Lean-to's are also fairly common for purposes of camping
in the woods. This simple construction of branches, twine
or ivy and woven grass or cured skins is easily built with a
little patience and know-how. Lean-to's are literally walls
built out of the forest's supplies and then attached to a
strong tree or placed between two trees for simple shelter
against the worst of nature's elements. Likewise, the more
complex tipi can be built, but the level of skill necessary for
construction is much higher, and they are meant to remain
in one place for an extended amount of time, not to be
assembled and torn down in short periods.

Inone form oranother, almost all campers come equipped
with the ability to make fire. Fire is essential for cooking
meats (if that is a homid's preference), lighting the area,
and in some cases, for sterilizing water so that it can be
consumed with less risk. While campfires are still common,
another safer alternative for lighting is gas lamps. Gas lamps
range in size from small hand held lanterns to lanterns large


enough to light a 100-yard radius. The advantages of gas
lamps is that they are controllable, easily lit, easily doused
and less likely to cause forest fires. The disadvantages are
that they are moderately fragile and require reserves of fuel
to burn. Gas powered stoves are also available, and suffer
from the same disadvantages and advantage as the lamps.
Gas stoves are seldom light enough to carry with any real
ease.

Campfires are responsible for an enormous number of
forest fires, One careless person is all that is necessary to
burn down hundreds of acres of forest land during the dry
seasons. Too many people believe that a simple barrier of
stones at the base of the fire is enough to make the area safe,
but the majority of softer woods are filled with oily resins
that can explode and send sparks into the nearby trees and
underbrush. Additionally, the coals from a campfire can
burn unnoticed for hours or even days after the fire is "out."
Proper and judicious use of water and dirt, to bury the
remains of a campfire are necessary to protect Gaia's do-
main.

Human-Made Dangers

Microchip's Journal, Day 8:

I cannot believe the insensitivity of some people. I came across
acampsite this morning, one that had been abandoned for at least
a week, Perhaps that thunderstorm earlier in the week was a
blessing, because the damned fools had not extinguished their
campfire properly. The trees in the area all show scorch marks

from the start of what could have been a serious fire. The
underbrush is all gone, and in its place I found at least a dozen
empty beer cans. Can't these idiots take a few minutes to make
certain that they leave the forests intact? How difficult can it be?
I swear if I could have captured their scents I would have tracked
them down and torn their throats out! I found an eagle's nest in
the area, the mother and her hatchlings all dead because some
stupid bastards couldn't be bothered to clean up and make
certain their fire was completely out

Does that sound as much like a Red Talon as I think it does?
Well, maybe they are not without their own form of wisdom after
all. More later; I have to move on now.

Garou should always respect the natural environment.
Even more, they should go out of their way to protect the
few remaining places untainted by the Wyrm. Now and
then, the characters might need reminding; as with every-
thing else in the World of Darkness, the reminders should
be harsh. Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers have become
accustomed to a certain level of pollution in the city. They
might not think to remove all of the remains from last
night's meal, or they might not care one way or the other.
Other Garou should be swift to point out their errors

The litter and waste of a few humans and homid Garou
is hardly enough to cause the ecosystem to collapse, but the
added weight of countless thousands doing the same thing
constantly does have a strong impact. Disposal does not
take care of itself, and nature is not equipped to deal with

57


human's plastics and glassware. Many of man's modern
conveniences simply are not biodegradable. Long after the
cola is drained from a bottle, the bottle will still be there.
Most of the less militant lupus Garou tolerate the idea of
using plastics and other recyclable materials — barely, but
they will — but they should not tolerate the refuse of
homids in the woods. Humans have already built their scabs
and garbage heaps, let them keep their filth in their own
dens.

Aside from the near invulnerability of plastics and glas
ware, these simple objects have a few surprise side effects
that can prove detrimental. Too many curious animals
have died slowly as a result of unwittingly trapping them-
selves in plastic bonds that will not break, and the sun
running through glass at the proper angle can and does
cause forest fires. While paper and cardboard products are
not as hazardous, the lupus still look on these things as
products of humans, and therefore unclean.

The most severe human-made dangers awaiting
uncautious Garou are the many traps laid by humans to
ensure the easy capture of prey. Steel bear traps and rope
nooses are not just annoying, they maim and kill with little
difficulty. And they are indiscriminate — they will wound
with equal efficiency whatever comes across their path.
Hunters, once spotted, can be avoided, but hunters make
noise and stink of humanity. One good rain, however, will
remove all odor froma trap, and some traps are forgotten by
the fools who place them in the woods.

58

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Natural Dangers

Microchip's Journal, Day 12:

I've never seen such a sight. I wish that I could adequately
explain what I felt when the tornado hit near me. The storm was
brewing, and I had just managed to pitch my tent ina reasonably
comfortable area when the wind just stopped. There was nothing
at all to hear, except my own breathing. Then the twister came
down. Out of nowhere there was this horrible howling, and for
a second I thought I'd found another black bear's resting place
and that I was going to have to fight for the right to stay

It was all so fast, one second I was next to my tentand the next
my tent was lifting into the air and sailing away into the night
I think if I'd been in anything but the Crinos, I would be gone
now. I've never run so fast in my life. I saw trees as old as the
United States Government tom from the ground and flung aside
as if they didn't matter in the least. I am certain that only Gaia's
kindness saved me from death. There are things out here that
make the strongest of Garou weak in comparison. I would
sooner face a pack of rabid Get of Fenris than deal with another
tornado. One tends to forget just how powerful the Wyld is in its
own right.

Still, it was exhilarating. I wouldn't have missed it for the
world. I'm just glad I had my Powerbook in my hands when it
hit, or I'd be writing this on bark.

Nature holds several types of destruction that humans
have, fortunately, been unable to duplicate. Despite the
best efforts of people to conquer and control Gaia, she
refuses to surrender gracefully. Thunderstorms, tornadoes


and hurricanes are all capable of devastating forests and
cities alike. They are equal opportunity destroyers capable
of unparalleled damage. They are also a part of nature that
cannot be ignored in the wilderness. Mankind is able to
predict with a certain amount of accuracy when the forces
of nature are about to go wild, thus allowing many people
to prepare themselves for the worst affects of violent storms.
But the forest has another story entirely. Campers in the
deep woods have very little access to information except in
the form of radio communications, and for a radio to
function, there has to be a source of power. Constant use of
modern day batteries will drain them in fewer than 15
hours, and before they are completely drained they lose the
ability to receive weaker signals. Additionally, mountains
and valleys often block the strongest signals, even when the
batteries are freshest.

Other assaults from nature are no less dangerous. What
seems like a nice little downpour can often lead to flash
flooding in the valleys and in some cases over an entire
region. The only escape from severe floods is to be else-
where when they hit. Earthquakes can last from a few
second to a few hours, and the stronger ones are capable of
leveling the best-built structures known to humans. Even
areas that are not well known for earthquakes are still
susceptible from time to time, and no region in the United
States is entirely without a tectonic fault line.

The western coast of the United States is not only
known for earthquakes, but also has a very long expanse of
dormant, but active, volcanoes running from Canada as far
down as the lower portions of California. There is nothing
that can stop an earthquake or volcano, and the best
detection devices of today can still not predict with any
degree of accuracy when an earthquake will happen or a
volcano will erupt. The certainty is that earthquakes will
continue, and volcanoes will eventually awaken. Ironi-
cally, the forests and woods are probably a safer location
thanare the cities during major quakes. Trees tend to stand
the force of tremors better than buildings, and there are
very few bridges that could collapse on you deep in the
woods.

Earthquakes or volcanic eruptions in the oceans depths
can also cause tidal waves, walls of water that move with
immense force, crushing buildings, people and Gaia's chil-
dren upon landfall. Once on the move, there is little save
sufficient solid land that can stop a tidal wave's forward
motion.

The easiest natural attacks to forget are still some of the
most devastating; droughts and floods may take longer to
kill creatures but they still cause major damage when they
occur. Heavy flooding can destroy the soils necessary to
anchor a tree, and droughts can starve the same tree of life-
giving water. Perhaps the worst part of a drought is that it
often leaves an area devoid of its natural defenses against
fire and vulnerable to massive fires that are carried by the

wind and an actually spread for hundreds of miles if left
unchecked.

There seems to be no rhyme or reason to the events
brought on by nature, at least none that humans can
fathom.

Some Garou claim otherwise, pointing out that the
largest earthquakes seem intent on causing massive damage
to the worst of the human's scabs, and noting aloud that
tornadoes have a penchant for trailer parks. Volcanoes
often bring desperately needed nutrients back to the soil in
areas where starvation for plant life was a certainty. Fire
kills the forests with wild abandon but leaves behind a layer
of ash that, again, adds nutrients to the soil and provides a
strong foundation for new growth. Many Garou claim that
the natural disasters are simply Gaia's way of cleaning
house, removing the litter and making certain that all is
cleansed of pollutants.

Hurricanes, tidal waves and floods often seem attracted
to areas where humans dwell, and that suits most Garou
very well. Nature is persistent, and in time all that is wild
returns anew. All, that is, save what humankind has de-
stroyed. Aside from the Garou, the forces of nature that
humankind so fears are all that stand against the tide of the
Wyrm's corruption. While wary of being caught by Gaia's
weapons, the werewolves understand their need, and ac-
cept their inevitability.

Hunting

Microchip's Journal, Day 15:

T have been hungry, and I have lost a great deal of my softer
flesh, replacing it with muscles I had allowed to grow lax. I have
feasted today. After three days without food, I finally broke
down and gave in to my instincts. | do not understand what I was
afraid of , but I pray I never grow afraid again. I have stalked and
chased down my first kill, a wild boar that gave me more of a fight
than I ever expected.

My ribs still hurt from where his tusks tore into me, and my
legs still hurt from his first charge. I have never before felt so free.
Somehow, the battle against a worthy foe made the meat
sweeter, and even without a fire to cook his flesh, that boar's
meat is the finest meal I have ever had, his blood the sweetest
wine to ever pass my lips. A pack of wolves in the area joined me
in my feast, and I let them. There was a part of me that I had
forgotten, a part that wanted to fight for the meat and stop then
from sharing in my repast. I held it back, but only because I was
so lonely after so long, and | desperately needed the company
they provided, if only for one night.

Evenwith the ability to become a wolf myself, | had forgotten
how beautiful the wolves are and how noble they can be. I think
they wanted me to join their pack. I'm almost scared by how
enticing the offer was. Still, | know that a true union with them
is all but impossible. Iam merely a Garou, and they are so much
more. Damn the Wyrm for corrupting so many of the humans,
and praise be to Gaia for protecting so many of her creatures
from his influence. The moon is full, and my throat is sore from
howling my sorrow to the Lady. Iam so very happy; | am so very
sad.

Chapter Three: Setting 59

(ET ET TT


a A

As important as water is food, the necessary fuel that
allows a being to continue without consuming itself for
sustenance. In the city the food is easy, ifat times unappeal-
ing, to find. But in the woods the search for food can be long
and difficult. Wolves tend to consume as much food as
possible, preparing for the chance that there will be no
further food for extended periods. Garou can do thisas well,
but few of homids understand the need. While Garou are
omnivorous and can eat virtually any nontoxic plant to
sustain themselves, few of them understand enough of the
ways of nature to know which plants are nutritious and
which are lethal. Most prefer to hunt wild animals and
consume them, giving in to their natural predatory in-
stincts,

Animals

Hunting is not as easy as it may seem, and is made more
difficult if the Garou is using only the natural abilities
provided by Gaia rather than depending on weapons to
achieve success. For many Garou, the thrill of the hunt is
something that is never lost and attempting to hunt with
anything more than their natural abilities would reduce the
excitement

Several examples of animals can be found in Ways of the
Wolf, but few are given as examples of prey. If you want to
add a new level of excitement to the game, try letting the

characters stalk and kill their own dinner.

Wild Boar

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Perception 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimida-
tion 2, Primal-Urge 2, Survival 3

Attacks: Body Slam, then Gore (Str + 1, difficulty 5)

Wild boars are well respected as enemies, primarily
because they are unpredictable in their reactions to danger.
While most will simply attempt to flee from an enemy,
some will turn and fight, especially if they are protecting
their young. Full grown boars, especially the males, are
often aggressive and will attack ifa predator comes too close
for their comfort. Males also bear large tusks which are
capable of rending flesh with the same ease as a wolf's fangs.
Wild Boars are limited in their methods of attack, and will
normally attempt to Body Slam an opponents and then
Gore them with their tusks.

Rabbits

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 3, Stamina |, Percep-
tion 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Survival 1

Attacks: Bite (one die of damage)

Rabbits do not fight, rabbits run and dodge and crawl to
any safe spot where a predator cannot reach them with ease.
Just the same, rabbits should not be toyed with; they will

attack if there is absolutely no other option

Hornets

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 2, Stamina 0, Percep-

tion |

Abilit Brawl |

Attacks: Sting (one die aggravated in swarms, no dam-
age singly — but painful nonetheless)

Hornets and other hive insects are not generally consid-
ered food by the Garou, or by much aside from a few of the
larger spiders. They are, however, often found in nests
above and even in the ground. Individually the damage
caused by a hornet is negligible, but hurts a great deal. In
swarms, the hornets get one attack, and cause one level of
aggravated damage (this can be soaked). Hornets and other
similar insects do not believe in surrender, and normally
only attack if they feel threatened or if pheromonically
motivated to protect the hive. If you feel a few players need
a lesson in humility, or if a character botches an attempt to
stalk and kill dinner, you might allow them the opportunity
to meet an angry swarm of hornets. Fire and immersion in
water, aside from certain Gifts, are the only sure ways to
escape a swarm.

The standard rules for hunting are given in the Werewolf
Second Edition rulebook, but if you want to roleplay out
the combat, follow the rules for tracking in the rulebook
(pp. 224-225), and then let the characters attempt to kill
their prey using normal combat rules and the animal Traits
given above


Plants

The Uktena, Wendigo and many lupus Garou are also
knowledgeable in which plants can be used as medicines, and
which can simply provide the necessary nutrients for life.
While many of the plants are common, there are several that
are only useful if the right part is consumed. An example is the
potato; the tubers are vitamin rich and contain the necessary
starches for energy, but the leaves of the plant are a strong
poison and will cause severe stomach cramps, diarrhea and
even death.

Ways of the Wolf provides a substantial list of edible plants
(pp. 47-48; 53), and the Werewolf Player's Handbook
provides examples of what some plants are capable of when
they are awakened by the Rite of Spirit Awakening (pp. 128-
129). The following isa list of plants that are useful for treating
minor ailments. These plants do not need to be awakened, but
some of them do need to be cooked for the best results

Aloe: The sap from aloe plants is effective in treating minor
burns and overexposure to the sun's rays.

Ash Trees: The bark, when cooked in warm water, pro-
duces both a tonic for invigoration and a strong astringent for
cleaning infected wounds.

Balmony: This weed is often used to treat jaundice, worms
and ulcers. The weed may be consumed raw, but is more
effective when cooked.

Beech: The oil from Beech trees nuts is often used as an
expectorant for treating bronchitis and severe colds.

Cowslip: Used asa tea, the flowersand leaves from Cowslip
work to calm muscle spasms and prevent epileptic seizures.

Damiana: When dried and consumed in small doses —
larger doses being potentially unhealthy — Damiana works as
a laxative, a stimulant and as an aphrodisiac.

Garden Nightshade: The leaves of Garden Nightshade
work as a mild pain reliever when boiled in a tea. The berries
are poisonous unless boiled first. After cooking, the berriescan
be consumed for nutrition.

Hydrangea: The dried root is useful for relieving kidney
disorders, and is more effective when boiled to a syrupy
consistency.

Larkspur: The roots and seeds of the Larkspur are effective
in killing parasites and as an insect repellent when used as a
poultice or wash. Larkspur can be toxic if taken internally.

Maple: The inner bark and leaves of Maple trees, when
brewed as a tea, work to clean poisons from the kidneys, and
work externally as a poultice to clean boils.

Skull Cap: Used asa tea brewed from the entire plant, Skull
Cap eases muscle tension and cramping.

There are many other plants thatare useful for minorhealth
problems, and some claims have been made of plants that can
cure cancer if used properly. Several books on herbology,
available either at the public library or in your local bookstore,
can explain the proper uses for plants in the United States and
abroad.

Chapter Three: Setting

[POE Ps ET LT, <A TC Tg

Travel

Microchip's Journal, Day 18:

Thave come to accept that most manmade shoes were never designed
to.accommodate the rough terrain that I have passed through. My shoes
are gone, tom apart by rocks and water alike. All that remains of them
‘ests at the bottom of my knapsack, and that is long devoid of anything
save my Powerbook (thank Gaia for the Gaffling that powers it!) .

Tranacrossapavedroad the other day and for just the briefestmoment
was ata loss for remembering what it was. A part of me was outraged
by theintrusion of so vulgar aline cuttingacross Gaia's skin. I understand
‘now that] was wrongin what I said to Stone-Eater, horribly wrong. For
thatone instant, I think I had an inkling of what all lupus must feel when
they first see the scars left by humans. For that briefest of times, I wanted
to see all the humans destroyed.

Thadalittle trouble eanlierin the day, tryingtocross the Chattahoochee
River. The waters were higher than | expected, and the rain yesterday
assured me that the travel was difficult. If not for my ability to change into
afull Crinos, I doubt that I would have made the distance to the far shore
without at least a strong rope as an anchor. Every challenge I meet is a
leaming experience. I don't think I will ever be able to look at rivers the
same way again. They are so much more than just running water,
especially up here, where the land is almost pure.

Traveling through the wildemess isa task that is often slow and
difficult. Inareas where the trails have already been carved and foot
paths weave between the trees, there is little to worry about. But
the true wilderness is sometimes unforgiving, and one small
mistake can cost a traveler not only days spent recovering, but
sometimes even their life.

Every partofthe United Statesstill hasplaces left where humans

have not removed the risks, and in some cases where the risks are
simply too high for humans to even try. There are thousands of
miles of desert in the United States, and the vast majority of the
desert regions have never truly been explored. The Mojave Desert
is too dry to sustain human life, and only the most adaptable forms
of animal life manage to dwell in what appears to be a wasteland.
The temperatures in the summertime can rise above 120 degrees
Fahrenheit. The sun is unrelenting, and the air so dry that
dehydration isalmost inevitable. Traveling through the Mojave is
effectively like walking in an oven. Walking there is dangerous
even to strong Garou if they do not know which plants contain
enough moisture forsurvival. Evenwithsuch knowledge, exposure
to the intense sunlight and heat can cause severe damage on their
own.
Worse still, some parts of the desert still burn under the shadow
of nuclear testing. The human-made radiation can cause a slow
death from internal hemorrhaging. Best by far to travel the desert
regions in a covered vehicle, even a car.

The mountain regions in the United States are also filled with
risks. During a great portion of the year, heavy snows keep the
mountain burried. Walking where the humans have not at-
tempted to conquer the lands isa dangerous task. In some areas the
snowfall drifts to fill deep canyons with a powdery white illusion of
security; a misplaced step can plummet a careless hiker hundreds
of feet down into a frozen coffin. The mountains often hold tons
of frozen precipitation balanced carefully on sheer cliffs, and even

61


!

small vibrations such as those caused by talking loudly can cause
avalanches. The impact from an avalanche is often enough to
mock a Garou off of her feet, flinging her hundreds of yards down
amountain'sedgeand then burying her ina blinding sheetofsnow.
‘Anyone fully surrounded and encased in snow is likely to suffer
fronva complete loss of direction. The crushing weight ofsomuch
snow can imitate the familiar sensation of gravity, causing the
illusion that up is actually down and vice versa. Once disoriented
by the fall, few people are experienced enough to calmly find their
way back to the surface.

Even in the warmer months, when snow is less frequent and
causes less ofa hazard, the terrain of the mountainscanstill be fatal.
Rocks loosened by the temperature changes from season to season.
and damaged by the wind can fall in imitation of the winter's
avalanches. Rock slides hit with far preater force, and often canty
blade like rocks and fragments with them. Landslides are not as
frequent as avalanches, but they are more lethal, and anyone
exposed to a landslide will certainly suffer broken bones. For a
human, a broken leg in the wildemess is almost certain to bring
death if there are no others to assist in the travel. Even for Garou,
a broken leg may slow them down for short time.

The winds off of mountaintops are normally much fiercer than
the windsnearsea level, and in higher elevations the airis thinner,
accelerate the onset of physical exhaustion among those not
adjusted to the lack of oxygen. Additionally, mountainous regions
are normally very rough terrain, and extra time has to be spent
scaling cliffs or traveling around the obstacles that cannot be
climbed. Sturdy ropes and, often times, special climbing equip-
ment are virtual necessities for traveling through mountainous
regions.

Forests hold their own special threats. Trees that have fallen
down and formed deadfalls often litter the deepest sections of the
forest, andare extremely hazardous toscale. Deep cleftsin the earth
are sometimes hidden beneath years and years of dead leaves and
fallen branches. Both of these obstacles can lead to broken limbs,
and a person lying helpless in the woods could very well starve to
death while surrounded by plenty, simply because a water supply
or food supply is just out of reach.

Serious threats in the forests can be found in the indigenous wild
life. Venomous snakes are found in virtually every section of the
United States, and their bites often cause death. As with many
forms of wildlife, the snakes may simply be protecting themselves
from a perceived threat, but their defenses are often fatal if not
treated immediately. The same threat comes from various spiders
and other arachnidsas well as insects, and in the case of the spiders
can go undetected until it is too late for treatment. Garou are
stronger than humans in nature, and are more resistant to toxins
than most humans. But without the appropriate Gifts, they arenot
entirely immune to the venoms of Gaia's inhabitants. While
steppingonarattlesnakeand being bitten will rarely killawerewolf
as it might a human, the poison can still hurt. (See Poison &
Disease in Ways of the Wolf, pp. 44-46.)

Traveling around or through lakes and streams can also lead to
misfortune. A homid with the appropriate woodcrafting skills
could make a crude raft or even a canoe fora journey, but without
the right skills disaster is almost guaranteed. Disaster does not

62
~~ ————

a 2 eee

necessarily mean death; it can also mean the loss of important
supplies. Anyone without the know-how to survive on what
nature offers is all too likely to suffer the consequences of their
ignorance unless the proper supplies are brought along. The loss of
a medical supply kit could well mean the difference between life
and death should serious injuries occur.

Fast moving currents are often deceptively calm on the surface
and attempting to ford a river is risky in the best conditions.
Slippery rocks orsoft mud can dropa person into the powerful force
ofa river: once unbalanced, it is almost impossible to regain one's
footing. Garouare just as susceptible to drowning as humans; it just
takes them longer to die.

Lakesarenormally safertoadegree, buttherisk oflosingsupplies
is still a serious one, especially if any form of raft or boat is lacking.
Lakes are also miles across, and swimming is not easy work,
especially with a full pack strapped across your shoulders. Clothes,
toocan hinder movement through the water, but, modesty aside,
clothes are sometimes the only protection against minor hazards
such as poison ivy or angry spiders.

Things to Know

Microchip's Journal, Day 21:

From where | sit, the city is now visible again, complete with its thick
blanket of smog. I almost have trouble believing I ever missed it. I have
litle doubt that I shall miss the woods. [have learned somuchaboutmyself
in these last three weeks, and I have releamed many of the talents I had
alll but forgotten. While I hate to admit that the Boy Scouts ever taught
me anything useful, I doubt seriously that I would have survived the last
21 days without the lessons Abe McPherson, my old scoutmaster, drilled
sno ey head.

IfThadhad only my tent and supplies todepend on, Iwould have been
agoner within the first 10 days. I'm fairly sure I would have died from
foolishly drinking from that stagnant pondif Thad only ahueman' shealing
abilities. If | were less than Garou, I suspect my numerous stubbed toes
and twisted ankles would have lef me too crippled to walk the last few
days. If had remembered a tenth of what Abe McPherson had taught
me, I would defintely have suffered a great deal less dhering my time in
the forest.

T would have certainly fed myself better if I could tell a boysenberry
from a holly berry or, better yet, fl could remember which mushrooms
are lethal and which merely flavorful. I think back on all the knowledge
I used to possess and I am saddened by how much I let myself forget. I
think I still have all of those damned books on forestry buried somewhere
in my attic, and I will do my best to find them when I get back home.

Thave to confess that I was vain to think I knew all that was necessary
for survival in the woods. And I would be a liar if said the experience
wasawasteoftime. Ishouldbeexhausted, but] feelfine, betterthan when
Heft. Sail, I would also be a lar if said T was ready to throw away the
city completely and live in the woods. There are too many bugs for one
thing, and I really can't stand to miss "Roseanne" on Tuesday nights.
Ako, [stil prefer Perrier to pond water, and I definitely like soaking in
my Jacuect more than I lke bathing in a cold stream.

Notes to myself: I must thank my elders for the enlightening form of
punishment, and I must also apologize to Stone-Eater when next I see
him. Inhindsight, I should count my blessings that he didn't simply throat

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

items //


ee AA

meon the spot. He would have been justified. Lastnote: I willdomy best
toavoid insulting my lupus brethren; they deserve respect for the lifestyle
that they endure. Certainly, Stone-Eateris the last Garou | shall ever call
"junkyard mongrel with more ticks than brains." Home isatlastin my
sights, andmy Mercedesis justaround the next bend. [hope Inever forget
the lessons I've leamed these last weeks, but, damn, I'm going to feast like
aking on lobster tonight.

Several important Abilities are useful in the wilderness. First
among these is Survival. Without at least a rudimentary knowl-

edge of basic survival skills, serious injury is almost unavoidable.
Primal-Urge is also of importance, and especially so for lupus
Garou. Hunting for food is often an long and draining task,
particularly ifthe prey is capable of running at greater speeds than
the lupus. For similar reasons. Stealth is very important: a Garou
that cannot stalk prey is likely to starve.

New Secondary Abilities

The following Secondary Abilities represent skills that can
most often be resolved with the Survival Skill. They represent
a greater knowledge of specific parts of wilderness survival. A
character with one of these Abilities will be able to perform
actions or know things that other characters — even those
witha good ratingin Survival —would have ahigher difficulty
for or require more successes with.

Wood Lore

Thisisa Talent for lupus characters, a Knowledge for metisand
homid characters.

Wood Lore allows a character to understand the wilderness.
The similarities between numerous types of plants is often intimi-
dating, and knowing thesmall differences between certain fungi or
berriescan mean the difference between lifeand death. Addition-
ally, Wood Lore allows characters to use certain features of plants
forfindingdirection. Forexample, the Spanish Moss thar growson
trees only grows on their northern side, and is a solid useful guide
in lieu of a compass. Wood Lore also allows a character to avoid
certain natural traps, such as quicksand, and to know whether or
not the ice on a frozen pond is strong enough to support a
character'sweight. WoodLoreshouldnotbe mistaken for Herbalism
(Werewolf Players Guide, pg. 34)

* Novice: You can manage to find your way around your
backyard with minimal risks.

** Practiced: You can tell the difference between a mold
spore and a mushroom.

06 Competent: Youcannormally find your wayhome from.
anywhere in the woods, and you know which plants are edible.

© © Expert: You know the safest places to rest when search-
ing for shelter from a storm, and you know how to avoid nature's
little death traps.

¢¢¢ © Master: Youcanalwaystell your direction in the woods
by the natural indications, and you have enough information
about flora and fauna to survive indefinitely in the woods.

Possessed by

Specialties: Orienteering, scavenging, hunting

urvivalists, Native Americans, Naturalists

Ts

Chapter Three: Setting

Wood Craft (Knowledge)

Wood Craft is the ability to use nature's gifts to build
shelters and even means of transportation. You know which
types of trees are best for building durable housings, and you
know which vines have the best elasticity. In a crunch you
could successfully fashion a bow and arrows, complete with
poisoned tips.

¢ Novice: Youcan builda lean-to, and can avoid using
termite infested wood. You know how to extinguish a camp-
fire.

e Practiced: You could probably carve a decent walk-
ing stick and can start a fire with nothing more than a few
twigs.

eee Competent: You know which vines are best for use
in construction and which trees yield the best wood for your
project. Youknow which plantsaps make the best sealants and
glues.

© ¢ © Expert: You could build a permanent dwelling in the
woods from local materials. Blowguns and bows for hunting
are a breeze. You know which plants yield the best dyes and
curativ

. Master: The forest is your tool shed. If you wanted
to, you could build a city from the materials available.

Possessed by: Native Americans, Hunters, Survivalists,
Naturalists

Specialties: Traps, weapons, tools, shelters

anor nanereasy,

|

The City
Soulless City

Thate the cities, the festering sores on Gaia's flesh, where the human
maggots feed upon one another. Citesfare the children of the Wyrm and

eather, Oner Impergium failed and this
le dees laces of ‘progres

and violence, where human and behave no
better. Cities are alien and Ga camo bby le
them, though sickening d Bone Gnawers delude
themselves into believing. aeher mere dinofsiens,
gunshots, screams and car ho

Once, I journeyed es in hopes of finding
lost Garou who had not ye (Change. I had sensed her Kin
Fetch for nearly amo BES Trying to draw me to her. I
knewrescuingher from the re she lived might be dangerous,
but I was not prepared ered.

Mytimespentin the; s. Even beforel reached
it, | could smell it a ry of the Weaver was

nauseating. My hands grew iy cold aI ele che lighming in my belly
But the sights were worse than the sounds; the Wyrm was to be found
everywhere. On the outskirts of the city, gases spewed into the sky from
the factories humans built for making their meaningless lives easier. Still,
I passed through the barren suburbs and refused to tum back.

As | walked into the city which jutted into the skyline before me, all
T could see around me was the artificiality and the dirtiness. Around me,
humans sped by in their iron cages on wheels, along their roads that marr
the land. Filth choked the air. I continued onward, walking along the side
of the smaller roads. I already missed my home. There were no fragrant
forests or crystal streams within miles of the place. But I would not quit.
Instead, I continued walking, past the Wyrm-riddled crack houses,
factories, gun stores and fast-food joints, and the Weaver-dominated
shopping malls, banks, office parks and car lots.

T journeyed "down town' into the claustrophobic confines between
the immense towers surrounding me. Around sunset, I was even
accosted by a gang of rabble, which I slaughtered mercilessly. In fact, the
challenge helped me alleviate some of my welling anger. As I wiped the
blood from my hands, I could feel a change in the air. Some presence was
watchingme. The City was watching me. I could feel its eyes on the back
of my neck. Idid not fear it, but it bothered me for the rest of the night and
I could not stop thinking about it. Looking up at the steel and glass teeth,
hoping to look into the eyes of the city, I could not help but feel the
overpowering unnaturalness of the place.

Thad planned to sleep in the z00 that night, but I could not. The scent
ofdeath and lost hope filled the air and the hollowness in my wolfbrothers'
and sisters' eyes hurt me too much. I would have freed them, but I could
see they had forgotten how to be wild. They would die in their prison,
curiosities to be gawked at by the smart monkeys who put them there.

Lfmally found myself a suitable place in the park, where I would not
be bothered. I tried to rest, but the images of the wolves haunted me inmy
nightmares and the ghastly glow of the city by night pained my tired, red
eyes. In the distance I saw a Bone Gnawer wandering from trash can to
trashcan, scroungingfor leftover Wyrm food. Humans would have seen
him as just another bum, but no humans were present in the park after

64

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

[FPO PT SL ET I, Ps TE LT CS

nightfall. I stalked the Garou for an hour before I left it alone and tried
sleeping again. The Urrah never once sensed me.

The next moming | awoke to the sounds of humans scurrying about.
For what reason I still cannot understand.

Itseems they force themselves to go to other places to do things they do
not want to do, serving the Weaver, so they can gain money to spendon
items made by the Weaver. And there are others who do the same, but
allin the service of the Wyrm. They have forgotten how to be free. It was
insane just watching them scurrying about. Instead of enjoying their
shallowlives, they wallow in self-pity , become "stressed-out," spend their
time racing to acquire more Weaver products and power over other
humans. Even when they are notworkingthey aredisgusting. They work
so hard they are too tired to play when they get the chance. Instead, they
sitin front of their televisions absorbing Wyrm and Weaver propaganda.
Butenoughof that... AsI said, thenextmoming, forthe entireday really,
the humans moved from place to place packing the streets.

I spent the day trying to track down my prey. Her Kin Fetch had
brought me to the city, but with all the sensory overload, pinpointing her
proved difficult. Itwas night before I found the young Garou. Hername
was Sheila, and she was workingasa topless waitress inastripclublocated
between a tattoo parlor and a liquor store. The club, known as the Black
Angel, was filled with perverted human males watching naked females
conwulse to "music," which sounded to me like groaning metal and

I drew the girl to me with fifty dollars and my own Gift of Persuasion.
After she got off work, we spent the night together talking about her life
so far and what her new life would be like. I explained to her the wonders
she had yet to behold and how she would one day be a great warrior. She
listened nervously and finally asked me to leave. She said she wouldnever
leave the city. Even if I was telling the ruth. City was too important to
her life, to her own goals and dreams of becoming an actress.

I could not understand. The sewage, the television, the guns. Hiding
inahole called an apartment surrounded by humans who would kill her
for no reason. Eating Wyrm food, breathing in diseased filth which
humans called air. Reveling in the perversity of city life. Bathing in the
stench of humans. Forever without a forest to hunt in. Forever removed
from Gaia' s voice. Howcould she notfeel the same Haranoas that which
was already mounting in me.

T could have just kidnapped her, but I didnot. When I used my Gifts
upon Sheila, | could tell she had already been comupted by the Wyrm.
Her heart had grown as ice cold and empty as those of the humans she
had lived with all her life. All she had ever known was violence, pain and
empty pleasure. She was not really one of us. I knew what I had to do.

The body was never found.

As I tumed my back from that place and made my wary back to my
sept, I knew I leamed a great lesson — I do not belong in the city. Itis
too bad we cannot begin the Impergium anew...

|


City Stories

Told my little Pollyanna,

Pollyanna come with me

We'll go down to Transverse City

Where life is cheap and death is free

Past the condensation silos

Past the all-night trauma stand

We'll be there before tomorrow

Pollyanna take my hand.

— Warren Zevon, "Transverse City"

To some Garou, cities are even more alien than the
realms within the Umbra. Worse yet, cities are strongholds
of the Wyrm and the Weaver. They teem with Pentex-
owned companies, large numbers of Leeches and foul things
unimagined. Bringing out the ugliness and horror which
cities represent to the Garou is left to the Storyteller's
manipulation. Some players may feel similarly to the Garou,
but those who live within metropolitan areas may see
things differently. Remind players they are playing Garou,
and unless they are Bone Gnawers or Glass Walkers, it is
highly unlikely that they enjoy cities. E
lived in cities before making the Change

Garou who

commonly feel
uncomfortable in them, not only because returning to the
city might conjure up memories of their former lives, but
also because of the spiritual awareness they gained after
becoming Garou. In fact, Garou born in cities can find
them even more horrifying than they are for other Garou.

Describing the City

Here area few of the elements a Storyteller might play up
when describing cities to players:

* Abandonment and Decay — Garou can see, smell and
feel the work of the Wyrm upon the Weaver's constructions
and they smell the pungent stench the minute they enter a
city. Some Garou actually smell terrible odors, but most
merely imagine they do. The streets are dirty, stained with
the filth of the humans. There are abandoned buildings,
stripped down cars, graffiti and massive city dumps.

¢ Absurdity — The city is an insane place. The laws of
nature are thrown out and replaced with stupid human-
made rules. Crosswalks, stop lights, nine-to-five jobs, and
countless carloads of humans rushing from one place to the
next. Human behavior is odd, unnatural and ultimately
confusing when Garou look for meaning within human
society.

¢ Allurement — Some Garou are naturally drawn to
cities. They fascinate them. Perhaps they are curious about
how humans live, or maybe they like technology. For
whatever reason, some Garou characters are not offended
by the city as much as their packmates are. Instead, they
enjoy the experience and see it as an adventure.

© Artificiality — Cities were created by the Weaver for
humans and urban existence itself is insane and unnatural.
There is very little ground to walk on which has not been


covered over and hidden by ment. There are few trees

and almost no wild animals. Instead, humans break the laws
of nature by making animals property, calling them pets

* Callousness — The cold ruthlessness of humans is
highly visible. No one is friendly, onlookers turn away from
cries of help from their fellow humans, strangers seldom
speak to one another and crime is rampant. Humans are
worse than animals — at least while animals have their
instincts to blame for their callousness, humans can only
blame themselves (or society, depending on whether or not
you ask a bleeding-heart liberal).

° "City-Sicknes
ill when they remain in the city for long periods of time

— Some Garou become physically

Without the wide-open wilderness to roam in, their muscles
atrophy, their senses dull, and their predator instincts are
either lost or they become overwhelming. Some constantly
feel dirty while others feel empty inside. There is no one

single "city-sickness," as each Garou is affected differently.

In fact, some may eventually become weak or even bedrid-
den from this separation from their home. The worst part is
their separation from nature, from Gaia. It is not known

Fie SPOOR OF4

whether the sickness is psychosomatic or spiritual in na-
ture, but to most Garou the reason does not matter.

* City Slickers and Country Bumpkins — The Garou
of the wilds are usually contemptuous of the city Garou
because they live in the stronghold of the Weaver and
Wyrm. However, the Garou of the city are often equally
discourteous to their country kin. Glass Walkers and Bone
Gnawers often see country Garou as naive, ignorant and
outdated. Interaction between the two groups is often terse
and abrasive.

© City Spirits — The Penumbra of the city is a strange
place. Stepping sideways is hard due to the high Gauntlet,
and once on the other side the problems are not over, as
there are countless Pattern Spiders crawling about. The
Umbrascapes of cities are filled with intricate, interweav-
ing collections of webs dwarfing the Wyld's minuscule
influence

* Corruption and Violence — Corruption is every-
where. Violence is everywhere. But in the city, things are
far worse. In the cities, the cruelest of the cruel prey on the
weak, and the actions of Leeches can be child's play

66 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

[fT eT ee 7,

|

compared to some human depravities. It is obvious that
human society is sick. Government, the Weaver's grand
creation to be imposed on the lives of humans, is breaking
down because of the Wyrm's corruption. Human leaders
have become pawns to Leeches and corporations. Most of
the citizenry are mindless cattle who want to be controlled.
Garou, like many humans, are sickened by the monster
society has become.

© Filth — For the most part, Garou are clean creatures.
Cities are filthy and crawl with diseased humans, the
homeless, whores and others whom most Garou would
consider unclean. Garou remember the cities of centuries
ier

ago through their past lives, cities which were far nas
than they are nowadays, and the imagery affects their own
view of cities in the present. In fact, the Bone Gnawers
epitomize filth to most other Garou, which is why they are
avoided by most.

¢ Immensity — Skyscrapers and other cyclopean struc
tures are often intimidating to Garou. Standing below such
Weaver-born constructions can cause a Garou feelings of
despair or even Harano. Most Garou consider the Wyrm
their primary foe and do not realize how powerful the
Weaver is until they stand in its shadow.

¢ Irritation — After being immersed ina sea of humans
for a long period of time, Garou often feel edgy. Though
there is no hunting ground, the predator-instincts still
come out and Garou begin to desire feeding upon humans.
Even homid Garou begin thinking of people as potential
food, whether they want to or not. Should they frenzy in the
presence of humans, it is likely they will attempt to feed on
them.

* Lack of Privacy Being totally alone in the
overcrowded city is difficult. The homeless line the alley-
ways, the criminals haunt the seemingly abandoned streets,
and even in one's own home, humans are always no more
than 200 feet way. Garouare sensitive to this. The Impergium
was designed to keep human populations within an accept-
able limit. The Impergium failed and now cities are centers
of humanity's increasing tide. Therefore Garou often look
at cities as symbols of their failure.

© Loneliness — Even Garou recognize the loneliness of
living in the city. They are forever surrounded by strangers
when out in public. Though most humans are comfortable
with this, Garou of the country are used to being among the
others they know. There is no real sense of community in
the city. Even some of the city septs are more like business
organizations than they are extended families.

All humans are selfish. They work to
reap pleasure and power, and they use everyone and every-

¢ Narcissism —

thing they can to get what they want. Worse than humans,

Leeches are professional narcissists, spending endless cen-
turies serving their own vanity and working towards their
selfish goals. Even feeding off humans for their own survival
is a symbol of how they put themselves above all others.
¢ Paranoia — Most Garou feel as though they are being

watched by the totem spirit of a city. In fact, they usually

Chapter Three: Setting

[Ee TS amir / 4

are. Just about every city has a totem spirit and the spiritcan

know anything that goes on in the city. The totem keeps
careful watch over the Garou and even serves as a Pack
Totem to some. Out-of-town Garou often get the feeling
they are being watched every once in a while. Those who
are especially sensitive or paranoid often feel they are
watched the whole time they are in the city.

© Perversity — Garou have their own morality, but
they share many views in common with humans (as they
can take human form and do think like them to some
degree), Garou are put off by the deviant behavior which is
so commonplace within large cities. Most Garou see Goth
culture (acting like Leeches), medicine and drug use (put-
ting something foreign in the body tochange it), molestation
(unnatural), and greed (corruption), among other things,
ions of the Wyrm.

as expres

* The Rich and the Poor — The gap between the social
s is most visible in the city. Garou notice this and are
offended by it. Even Garou of the lowest rank are treated

classe'

with at least some respect. Personal value is based on the
quality of the individual not the size of their bank account.

© Sensory Overload —
outside the city may be overwhelmed by the constant

Garou who normally live

barrage of sights, smells and sounds, becoming confused
and irritated from the sensory overload. They may even
suffer headaches, earaches or similar problems until they
learn to handle all the sensory input.

© Surrounded by the Leeches — Homid Garou born in
the city are especially sensitive to the fact that vampires
have always lived in cities, moving through human society
with ease. Most might even realize they have probably seen
a vampire or two, maybe even have spoken to them,
without even knowing it. Worse yet, a homid Garou might

realize Mr. Witherspoon down the street never seems to get
any older and never comes out of his apartment during the
day. Another might realize that cousin Emma sure does give
off some strange vibes and does look a little peaked now that
you mention it.

© Surrounded by the Weaver — Garou who travel a
city's Penumbra are often overwhelmed by the presence of
the Weaver. Pattern Spiders are everywhere weaving their
master's webs, while slave elementals do the bidding of
their masters. The Weaver can be felt everywhere and in
everything within a city. Garou find being in the lair of
their enemy most unnerving.

* Surrounded by the Wyrm — Just as the Weaver is
strong, so is the Wyrm. Its presence can be felt in nearly
everything and everyone within a city. Humans are pro-
grammed to believe the world is their property and cities
only amplify this attitude, which greatly disgusts Garou.

© Technology — Technomancer mage handiwork is
most visible in the city and science is merely a clever hand
puppet of the Weaver. It makes life too easy and weakens
those who become dependent upon it. Garou of the country
see Glass Walkers, who are so in tune with technology, as
part of the problem, not part of the solution.

67


|

Reasons to Go to the City

Sometimes a Storyteller needs to come up with a good
reason for getting Garou characters, who normally reside in
the country, into the city. Here area few possible reasons for
Garou characters to end up in the city.

¢ Accidentally —Garou sometimes travel by car through
a city and sometimes the cars break down, Sometimes
Garou step sideways back from the Umbra to find them-
selves (if the player rolled a botch and the Storyteller is
feeling particularly nasty) right in the middle of the city,
miles away from where they should be. Mages, as well, may
cause strange "coincidental" events which can cause Garou

to end up in the city.

¢ A Chase Into the City
get chased into the city or they might chase an enemy into
the city. The latter is the more plausible of the two, but

Either the characters could

either is possible. Sabbat and Gangrel vampires often roam
about the wilderness and Garou stupid enough to follow
these creatures into the city usually get what they deserve.

¢ A City Moot —

septs within the city and those outside, moots are held in

In maintaining relations between

the city and Garou from outside areas are invited to attend.

¢ Fighting the Good Fight — Many enemies exist
within the city: Net Spiders, fomori, Black Spiral Dancers,
Wyrm-creatures of the sewers, Pentex, vampires, mage:

mad scientists, werewolf hunters and the Seventh Genera-
tion: There are undoubtedly other antagonists a devious
Storyteller could work in. The bad thing about the situa-
tion is that the Garou must fight within their enemy's
territory, putting werewolves at a disadvantage.

* To Find Something Important — Sometimes Garou

must go into the city in search of something important (of

the Storyteller's choosing). It could be information, a
person, or an object. The characters might even be there to
rescue someone. They could be in the city to deal with an
old enemy or even to find someone to train them in a
particular Ability or Gift.

© To Guard Something — Garou must sometimes go to
the city to guard something or someone located there. The
characters might help out another sept or another ally by
serving as a guard over something. The characters could be
envoys carrying something important to (or bringing back
something from) someone in the city. The characters may
be guarding a place, a person or some other object, possibly
even a spirit or one of their former enemies.

© Hunting — Some Red Talons and other lupus Garou
who enjoy slaughtering humans actually conduct their own
little personal Impergiums within cities. Such actions never
end happily, as Leeches, hunters, and Wyrm-minions are
drawn to these hunters of humans.

* Kidnapping or Capture — The characters could get
captured or kidnapped by their enemies or someone who
plans on using them. For example, the vampiric sect known
as the Sabbat routinely conducts "Fox Hunts" in which a
single' Garot is captured and turned loose in the city. All

68

the Leeches then hunt the Garou down to slay it before it
can escape. In another example, a rival sept captures the
pack, hoping they will join their rival's sept. The other
Garou may, possibly, use threats, blackmail or similar
means to coerce the characters.

* A Meeting — The Garou must often meet with their
Allies, Kinfolk, and Contacts within the city. Only a few
who know of the Garou put themselves at risk by going into
their territory. Garou occasionally meet with vampires,
mages, and others supernatural beings who live in the city
to challenge one another's actions, form alliances, trade
information or just talk. Most of these meetings take place
in the suburbs, as neither side trusts the other in their
respective territories.

¢ Personal Matte
matters: visiting the family, shopping, going to a concert,

—There are many possible personal

conducting business dealings or even sheer curiosity. Garou
often find trouble without it having to find them.

Bad City Encounters

1. The Alligators of the Sewer — Should the characters
enter the sewer, there is a chance they might encounter a
Sewer Gator, such as the one detailed in Chapter Four. This
type of encounter can highlight the unexpected and wild
aspect of a city.

2. The Bums of the Wyrm

a number of fomori eating homeless people in

The characters encounter
in aban-

doned building. The police do not make much of an effort
in investigating the problem since no one cares if homeless

Living in the City

A Storyteller should feel free to introduce any of the

following ill effects, which might develop result of a

wilderness-bred Garou living in the city fora long period
of time:

1. Homid Garou show an increased desire to feed on

humans, making it easier for them to fall under the Thrall
of the Wyrm

2. It is initially easier to gain Rage points, but over
time becomes harder to gain Rage.

3. It is more difficult to regain Gnosis points as the

connection to nature is lost.

4. Heightened Senses, Primal-Urge, Sense Wyrm and
other senses are dulled.

5. Growing paranoia. Treat as a Derangement if you
have Book of the Wyrm.

6. Weakening connection to the Wyld.

7. Growing connection to the Weaver or the Wyrm.

8. Garou may slowly become jaded. They will prob-
ably develop inane human-like habits as well.

9. Decrease in the Delirium effect on humans.
10. Loss of Physical Attributes over a long period of
time.

[POPE Le Ps ET DT TS

|

die and disappear. The Bone Gnawers do not know the
source of the problem yet, but many of them have been
accused of this vile problem and they are investigating

Some Garou might even find and accuse the characters of
breaking the Ban of Man.

3. The Shopping Mall of the Wyrm — If the characters
go shopping or pass through stores while in the Penumbra,
they will find the Wyrm's presence strong. They will find

countless Wyrm-tainted goods, which will surely repulse
them. Worse yet, some may even be Wyrm-infested, mean-
ing that in some of the products are actual Banes which
might attempt to corrupt or kill the characters.

4. The Unlucky Mugger — A mortal mugger attempts
to roba lone character. He pulls a gun on the character and
will shoot him for any aggressive resistance.

5. The Wild Dogs — At night, the characters notice
packs of wild dogs who roam the streets like wolves, scav-
enging for food and attacking lonely stragglers. One of the
dogs, perhaps the leader, isa halfbreed offspring ofadog and
a Bone Gnawer. Worse yet, she is Garou though she has
never made the Change.

6. Mortal Authorities — The police approach the
cters to arrest them, possibly even raiding wherever

are staying while in the city. The characters have been
given up to the police, either for actual crimes they have
committed in the city or on false charges. They have been
set up by Garou, mages or Leeches who consider the

Chapter Three: Setting

——

characters a threat. Should the characters fight and kill the
police, they will find themselves hunted by the authorities
even more fiercely. Worse yet, whoever is setting them up
seems to know wherever they go, so the police are always on
their tails.

7. Baby in the Dumpster — The characters find a live
human baby in a dumpster. This will probably repulse the
characters, but what are they going to do with the baby?

A City Story

You, my boy. Come here, I want to tell you my story. You

er hear it

had better listen to my tale now, for you will nev

again. A long time ago, I was not a Glass Walker, I was not
even a Theurge. | was an Ahroun of the Warpath Wendigo
I was a brave lupus who ran with my kind throughout the
forest, hunting, killing and living free off the land. But my life
among my people was innocent and empty. I could see no
We would skirmish with the Black
Spirals to the north only to suffer from their raids again after

purpose in our ways

they had recovered from our own. It seemed an endless cycle,
but it was not. It was a spiral inward to the Wyrm at the
middle and my rage came not from my own bloody wounds,
but from my anger at my people

My pack was given a mission. We were to go into the city
and kill a group of fomori. This group had killed some of our
young who were still living with their human families in the
suburbs. My pack was anxious to spill blood, but they hated
the thought of going into the city. Though it was true that
some among us had lived there as humans until discovering
our true nature, that seemed a lifetime ago, and indeed it
was. Unlike the others, I did not mind going into the city. As
amatter of fact, was rather intrigued. You see, being a lupus
raised in the wild, I had never been there before and all the
rumors and myths fascinated me. I could not wait. If pos-
sible, I would even stall the others just to give myself time to
explore

We
Chrysler Le Baron if remember correctly, into the city. We

ft the next morning and traveled by car, an old

stopped for lunch at a human restaurant which served what
the others called pizza. Even as the others seemed to enjoy the
Meat Lover's pizzas we ordered, I did not let on that I did
After all, I was the wild lupus and the leader of the pack to
boot. We spent that afternoon driving around the area where
the fomori had been spotted before, taking turns using our
power to sense Wyrm taint to locate them. It was not an easy
task, as you know. Just about everything that isn't of the
Weaver in this city is of the Wyrm. Still, by luck it seemed,
we found one of the creatures and we followed it. We were
either too excited or too stupid to realize how the odds were
against us simply stumbling upon one of the fomori and how
our good fortune must have been a setup.

Indeed, it was a setup, and before we knew what hap-
pened, they were down on us like lightning. The battle was
terrible and I was wounded, though I did not feel it. We killed
four before we realized we that we had walked into a nest of

69

ry


OL

sapak uanas
-Cquam) Isp} ay) sof pauipwias aavy | asay pun ‘ways paurol
uoos | pu adas siy 01 aw paonpounun oxy G19 249 09 pajaav.n
] (asimaay2o anayag 02 1]2M 00) waya mauy | *4a8U0) Kun ou
1s 10u prnom ajdoad KW "af2] | Vay, ‘fy Cu StgunoUa
auofoq wry pawoayr pup sug Surmmoyy yum papnp |
auaya DIE) aasas 07 ‘24942
pis 011g ‘18 01 10U ‘4904 08 01 paruvm | pun ‘€a19 ayp ano}
PIP | "yinua ays uayods poy sadurg Surmoyy warp pjor | "ways
01 al] 104 ppnom | ng ‘pauwysy som | "ood Kut 07 n paywana4
OH ‘1249a8 Kut pausva) pun days poy | sv pur Cu papvour

pry aH "YyIn.a oy) aas pynod ‘AaBurg Burusoyw fo aunu aya Kq
panyjoy v ‘auo mq ‘uowof ay) fo spuvy ayn rw pap poy oy
aywuryond Uap v.4200 OUDAD FY Sursaffns som | Yysnoy) awWog
auopy aun Kut
fo sow quads | ‘os 40 yruow axau ay) 40,5 ‘uaas 12€ JOU poy
] S3unya ay aas 07 ‘a4ow awos a1ojdxa 01 ‘yovq 08 07 paduoy
| puv urvag Cw or pausing poy aouariadxa oy] ‘ynoqn yuna
P[nod | JP svmv ay ‘Kav.qUos aya UC) "I INOgD yUNYD 01 UNM 10U
PIP [ 20Y2 10U som 3] "aUOKUD YrM KD ay) UL apy auUOp EY |
qwym fo yvads 10u pynom pun yond Kut yim awoy pausmaa |
"spay | sv pouumas sv isowpp auam Kay
41 pivs | way sawunjond moras Ku fo saovf ay2 uo yoo) ay)
298 pjnod | "pynom | pasnuoad | pu aouvyo oy) 103 | sanouayan
yong auto 0} AUL PaysY OY! * AANA] 01 sn 40f aut AWD I]
aalqns aya ysnd
10U pip ay pu Woy) 29UL JOU PjnoM | YD TUPWPY paula
Ing ‘PUL WDy OU Prom Koy powD} pup wayr yum poy
SAMY /N\ SLE) 2y2 1904 ayn fo aut pjor ay mq ‘aut aas way) Ja)
01 pasnfas pun ways wou Kom parys | ‘ways 02 Wt aonpouru
01 paisa puv out 03 sayoaa"] maf v ino paruiod wana ap *2}4oad
ayn a.om sp ‘Sunpurosn{ svm sisnw ay. "us mo Suvy 0 party
ay Sqny9 1090] ay? 02 aut YOO? ay ‘adpssvd pp.quiy) no sary
afvs Kyym101 249M om ay? Way 4an0 Lamod
Yyons poy ay IIp som pasonoosip | IYA\ "Puomuo Ay pamo}jof
[ pun aunys Kur w pasina ory nq ‘ums sComaprs dais 01
paruvm | pup sqam says Suopp Fumow sn punosw spuvsnoy
2aS pynod | ‘apis 4ayI0 ay) UO 2IUO ING "AUN DV 1D OMI Lo BUD
Cjuo ing ‘saapids usanvg uaes poy | *a4ofaq n ayy Suny Cun
Uaas 4anau poy J ‘azywatIsMU NOX ‘paavos C490 svm | IsAyf IVY
11 fo Kauanof ano upiaq am a1aya wo4f pun 4a1Ua 01 Ksvo spm
DAguir) dY2 asaym yavd oy) Wt adD]{d V 01 JUL YOO) OY "an.
aq 01 pawaas 11 mou ang ‘swai0i yons fo syXw Kuo pavay
poy | "240m am axaym pun sn fo yond sty pjor poy soyang Kary
ay) MOY au plod 2A "wNY YRAD svMr F Sv JUL Yam parwULsDf
SD SDM ALY "OYDY pauvu Lay ssM}H v yam G19 ayn Suunod
aun Kut iuads | puv paanfur isvey aya svm | ‘spunom sno
wodf Kmojs Fuypay sowoy vay) ul parsas am sop om) 40.7
"Kafps 01 sn yoo) Nove) asay) puv paiva.
-ak uowof Buaiasns om ay, "Kvaf aya pasavua pun sadid
[Draw awos Uo Lou' ay wosf paddars nous ‘2104mou fo
INC "paavaddy Kaya uay f "1y8if 01 paosof 24am am pup os op
01 SN MoT] 10U pjnom r@PURDE ays ‘sn Lof Kawunuofury
svmapis dais 01 1daoxa
advosa sof adoy ou svav a1ays ‘Kupu os aiam auayy "ways

aon


You see, our people fear the city, for they have never seen
its heart nor its power. I have seen them both and they are the
same as those within me. My place is here. I can see what is
good in the Weaver's work. The beauty of the city lights at
night, the power of driving a sports car at 150 miles per hour,
the majesty of the CyberRealm and the glory of leading a Net
Spider attack on a Pentex office. These things most of our
kind will never know. They fear the Weaver and refuse to use
its work as their own weapons. They do not even look at
humans the way we Glass Walkers do. Prejudice clouds their
minds and portrays humans as mindless savages who care
about nothing but wealth, power and violence. They do not
look any deeper out of fear they might find their true enemies
are not unlike themselves.

I will never speak to you of this again, nor are you ever
speak of this to anyone. I have shown you my secret and you
must keep it until the day you die, else I will kill you. Besides,
my young Wendigo nephew from the forest, I can see your
heart too. And it is the same as mine. Same as this city's
You'll be back. I know you will. And I'll have a place waiting
for you when you do

Why They Love the City

The Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers do not view the
city in the same way as do other Garou. The following
elements might be played up to Glass Walker and Bone
Gnawer characters. A crafty Storyteller might choose

one or two Garou from the country who should slowly
come to see the city in the same way as the city Garou.

© Center of Everything — The city is where the
action takes place. The city is the stronghold of the
Weaver and the Wyrm, and it will one day be the new
battleground. Even now, it is far easier to find battles to
fight and problems to solve in the city than it is in the
forest.

* City Father — Many Glass Walkers share a spiri-
tual link with the city they call home. Some even see the
city as more spiritual place than the wilderness. They are
its protectors in many ways, and in return the city
protects those of them who are strong or worthy. When
they spend time outside the city, they often feel cut off
from their spiritual side, just as do country Garou when
they spend time in the city. Also, the Garou of the city
learn to use the large number of city spirits, even those
of the Weaver, to aid them in serving the Wyld and
fighting the Wyrm.

* Curiosity — Some Garou who come to the city
become so enraptured with the exploration of it they
make it their home. Bone Gnawers enjoy exploring the
many secret and abandoned places within the city, while
others enjoy studying human culture by going to school,
visiting museums, etc. Many find the art and culture of
the humans quite beautiful.

* Intensity of Life — The rush hours, the night life,
and all the other cycles of a city that never sleeps are

Chapter Three: Setting

EE LE TY

attractive to some Garou. They can feel the pulsing
energy of the city and it can intensify their emotions,
invigorate them and keep them excited.

© Possibility — Most see the Weaver as stagnation,
but others see it as everything which can possibly exist.
The Wyld may be all possibility, but it is the Weaver
which defines it and gives it meaning. To city Garou the
diversity found within the city is wondrous. There is
everything you could ever want and it is all close by.

* Strategic Value — Only a few Garou realize the
advantage they would have if they could get a foothold
on the city. Many of those who move to the city do so for
this reason alone: it makes their fight against the Wyrm
and the Weaver much easier. Living in the city makes it
easy to learn the weaknesses of the enemy and fight them
on their own territory. As open warfare has far graver

consequences for Garou who live near their enemies,
many city Garou end up playing the power games of the
Leeches, which sickens most of their country kin.

* The Ultimate Predator — Some Garou enjoy life
in the city because it brings out their predatory instincts.
They become the ultimate hunters, choosing humans or
Leeches as their prey. To these Garou, the city is a real
urban jungle for it is far more savage, deadly and chal-
lenging than the forest where the prey are not as
intellectually challenging.

© Wealth and Power — Cities are centers of wealth
and power, and the Glass Walkers have applied their
Gifts towards gaining both. The Leeches have known
this secret for centuries. It was not just the blood which
brought them in, it was the power. Money can be a useful
weapon in the hands of those who know how to use it,
and the Glass Walkers do. City Garou also manipulate
humans, using them to increase their political influence.
Technology and allies are two other advantages which
often give city Garou the edge over their opponents.

© Weaver as Ally — Some city Garou do not see the
Weaver as an opponent. Instead, they see It as a weapon,
whether wielded by themselves or by their enemy. It is
one of the reasons for such a close connection between
the Glass Walkers and the Weaver.

Reasons for Living in the City

Many Garou have practical reasons for living in the
ible reasons players and
Storytellers may use for justifying a Garou's living in the

city. Here are a few of the pos

city.

* Blood Bound — The Garou is a Blood Bound
servant of a vampire. Whether this is by accident or by
her own choosing, she must now serve her vampiric
master. Other Garou would look down in shame at this
character, especially if she chose this fate of her own free
will. Blood Bound Garou are usually ghouls, though not
necessarily. Ghouls tend to gain extra strength due to
the vampiric blood in their veins. They may or may not
register to Sense Wyrm, but, as Garou ghouls, they will

71


Ser ree rane caren erence are er ea e-em rere)

definitely register to Sense the Unnatural. Those who
are Blood Bound experience a deep feeling similar to
love for their masters and will never harm them

* Cannot Leave — The Garou may have the Terri-
torial flaw (see Werewolf Players Guide, pg. 19), she
may be prevented from leaving the city by a curse, or her
sept may have ordered her to stay put, as some sort of
punishment or as part of her duties.

© City Caern — The character belongs to a sept
whose caern is located in the city. This is the most simple
devise for putting Garou other than Glass Walkers and
Bone Gnawers in the city.

© City Tribe — Cities have always been home to the
Glass Walkers or Bone Gnawers and most members of
these tribes are expected to live in the city.

¢ Family Ties — The Garou's family may live in the
city and the character's sense of love and devotion to

them is so strong he wants to remain with them even
after becoming Garou. Most other Garou look down
upon this excuse for remaining in the city, claiming the
Garou's old life is over and that no ties to it should
remain.

¢ Guardian — The Garou has the duty of protecting
something in the city. This could be a person, a place or

obje

t. Iris up to the Storyteller and player to decide.

© Job — The Garou has a job of some sort, be it a
human occupation or duties to the sept. Whatever the
case, the Garou must be in the city to fulfill her respon-
sibilities. One common job for the sept is that of spy;
political offices, high military positions and high corpo-
rate positions are commonly kept human jobs. Ownership
of property is another variation on this theme.

© Naive — Maybe the Garou, either through misin-
formation or lack of information, does not know that
most other Garou live outside the city. In fact, the

character may not even know of the existence of any
other Garou.

* No Survival Skills
sed in the city and lacks any survival skills or instincts
needed for the wilderness. The character may not take
any dots in Survival and may not have a high Primal-
Urge rating and is probably at least a little afraid of being
lost in the wilderness.

The Garou was born and

* Surrounded by the Enemy — The area outside the
city is controlled by enemies of the Garou. Leeches,
Black Spirals, Wyrm-creatures, Banes or some other foul

foe stalks the land, forcing the Garou to live in the city.

© ‘Warring on the Enemy— The Garou lives in the
city just to be closer to one or more of her enemies.
Typical enemies include Leeches, mages, Pentex, Weaver,
Wyrm, and the Seventh Generation, though this list
may even include other Garou.

© Weaver's (or Wyrm's) Minion — The Garou has
turned her back on the Wyld and has embraced the ways

72 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

[fT ST aime

of the enemy. The character is considered a Ronin and
would be treated as a most hated enemy by other Garou.

Good City Encounters

1. The Shaman Cab Driver — The characters end up
inacab driven by a guy who seems like the typical cabby.
However, this guy is something of a shaman of the city.
He knows his way around everywhere. He can talk to the
lights. He can talk to spirits,
and his cab is a giant fetish. Best yet, he gives Garou free

streets to change the tra

tides and often shows up just when needed.

2. The Old Woman Who Always Lived There — If
the characters are trying to find out some information
and they ask a Kinfolk or one of the city Garou, they are
pointed in the direction of a little old lady who lives in
an apartment on the first floor on the corner. She has

n the

lived there as long as anyone can remember. E
oldest humans tell of how the little old lady lived there
even when they themselves were children. The little old
lady is very kind to all and she loves company. She will
talk hours on end about various relatives and neighbors
and she knows whatever the characters need to know,
even if it is something she would seem to have no way of
knowing.

3. City Father's Greeting — The characters are met
by a Jaggling of the City
characters against harming the city or its beloved people,

ather. The spirit warns the

but promises and provides aid for tracking down Wyrm
threats.

4. The Mother Buildings — The characters discover
that many of the apartment buildings have become
awakened. Referred to as mother buildings these spirits
seem like kindly old women who look after the people
who live in the apartments, aiding them in coming up
with the rent if possible whenever it seems they cannot
do it alone. They are often friends to the Garou who do
not harm them or their tenants.

5. Wise Old Street — In the Umbra, the characters
encounter a street spirit who is a friend to the Garou of

the city. It befriends the characters and offers them
rd.

advice and any information it has he

6. City Below the Streets — The characters stumble
upon a city located far beneath the city streets where a
community of humans live together in peace and har-
mony. They are completely untainted by the Wyrm, and
they live happy, wholesome, meaningful lives; they ap-
preciate the arts and humanities, help the homeless
above and enjoy a peace the rest of the city does not
know. They are guarded by a werecreature of some sort.

7. Human Love — A character, most likely human
born, encounters a human and falls in love. The charac-
ter has found a worthy mate for producing an offspring,
but the feelings run deeper than procreation. Will the
character leave the human and suffer great heartache? Is
there any other way?


C he Soir 0 World

Ahroun, im
emies. He gr

looking through the saiderbish of the Penumbral woods. She
put her finger to her mouth, telling the rest of the pack to be quiet.

Erlik paced around impatiently while Tom O'Grady sat back
in the grass and looked up at the sky, trying to count the distant
constellations in the Aetherial Realm. It was a night of the
crescent moon, and the distant stars could be seen well, but the
Moon Paths would be dim.

"Here! Look!" Hera whispered, pointing past some bushes.

The pack ran up to Hera. "What i

"Quiet! There... a peacock." She pointed towards a distant
meadow, where a beautiful peacock paraded about.

"What does it mean?" Haunch-Biter asked.

"In the legends of my Kinfolk, the peacock represents the
starry firmament. Its tail bears the eyes of Argus."

Tom O'Grady looked up. "Well, then, I guess that means
we're going up there, to the Aetherial Realm. And we'd best keep
our eyes open..."

Myth as Metaphor

There has to be a training to help you open your ears so that

you can begin to hear metaphorically instead of concretely.
— Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth

Perhaps the most important, yet the most confusing,
setting in the Werewolf game is the Umbra, the Spirit
World that waits beyond the Gauntlet. This world does not
follow the known laws of cause and effect, or of physics —
of gravity and forces. Instead, the physics of the Umbra is
that of myth. The reality of the Umbra is metaphor.

Just what is a metaphor? Webster's New World Dictionary
defines it as follows: "a figure of speech in which one thing

it?" Haunch-Biter cried.

is spoken of as if it were another." For an example, it gives
the Shakespeare quote: "All the world's a stage." This is not
to be confused with a simile, which likens one thing to
another. A metaphor declares one thing is another.

Now, the fact-crunching rationalist in every one of us
knows this is poppycock. Of course the world is not a stage.
The rationalist can accept this premise when it is said that
the world is like a stage, for our experiences of the world do
bear a resemblance at times to activities performed on
stages during plays. But that the world is a stage is obviously
false. No, the world is a round globe orbiting a stellar body
in the void of the universe. Right?

Chapter Three: Setting

EE ES, TE

ce e/a armrranemrnansasti La

But there is another part in each and every one of us, no
matter how deeply buried, that can accept the premise that
the world is a stage: that a nonliteral, nonfactual truth can
actually be more true than what reason tells us. In some odd
way, stating that the world is a stage seems to say much
about the world: That it is more than merely a globe
orbiting a stellar body in the void of the universe. That it
has a rhyme and reason similar to a play, that most ancient
form of drama.

This is mythology. By saying the world is something our
senses tell us it clearly is not, the world is actually some-
thing more than our senses confirm. The world is not just
a set of discrete bits that happen to share a continuum;
rather the world and the bits shares qualities. It — they —
are qualities.

When a person undergoes an ordeal like that of a mythic
hero, he becomes that hero, he partakes in some mysterious
way of the myth and its magic. The movie, The Fisher King,
isan example. The experiences of Robin William's charac-
ter do not make him like the Fisher King — he is the Fisher
King. Only when Jeff Bridges's character accepts this and
treats the myth as real, as if the millionaire's cup really were
the Grail, can Robin Williams be healed.

What does all this mean in terms of running a Werewolf
game in the Umbra? It means that you, asa Storyteller, must
be aware of a way of perceiving the world that is entirely
different from the one we notice in our daily lives. As stated
above, the physics of the Umbra is that of metaphor, of
myth. The characters do not just walk down a Moon Path;
they are instead embarking on the journey to the Gates of
Hell, the Road to Paradise, the Path to Virtue, depending
on which Realm they are going to— be it Atrocity, Pangaia
or the Legendary Realm.

Each step, each action, they take in the Umbra, is
symbolic of a greater truth. The Umbra is the greater truth
of the Garou's world — the world as reality should be,
where Gaia's will is more readily discerned. But this sym-
bolism is not just confined to the spirit world; it bleeds over
into the physical world also. A Garou's actions in the
Umbra have repercussions everywhere. Slaying a Bane in
the Penumbra is not an isolated incident with no ripples of
effect. On the contrary, the meadow in the physical world
is now freed of a taint that hung over it, ataint which, while
not detectable with scientific devices or mental reasoning,
nonetheless colored the experiences of everyone who walked
there.

Umbral adventures are not merely matters of dice rolls.
The true affect of an action goes far beyond its appearances;
its symbolic affect is much more important. Theurges do
not simply recognize and identify spirits as if from a catalog
of spiritual zoology; they are trained to recognize the mean-
ing of a spirit also. While the Ahroun is concerned mainly
with whether or notshe can defeat it with a claw stroke here
or there, the Theurge must know what the meaning is, and
thus the Umbral repercussions of, defeating, binding or
even allying with a spirit.

73


Sree rare rn core ern. ve rem mar rememnerenreh

This meaning, the underlying reality of a spirit or any
being (or any object), is at the heart of what the Umbra
represents. The spirit world affects things mythically,
through their underlying meanings.

Meaningful Umbrascapes

As a Storyteller, it is important to populate the
Umbrascape with spirits which represent the meaning of a
around Wyrm sites,

place. Such meaning becomes obvious
but the meaning behind glimpsing a Naturae snake spirit
slithering through the Umbral grass may not be immedi-
Realize that in the Umbra encountering a
spirit is rarely chance — there is most always an underlying
reason. It is the job, and forte, of Theurges, and even a
knack of Galliards, to identify this meaning. It can be very

important, for

ately obvious

such occurrences often portend coming

events.

Snakes have many symbolic meanings when they appear
in dreams or myths, often very different than their "real"
world meaning of an elongated, legless reptile. They are
often guides to the Other Side, the spiritual reality of
shamans. They represent earth power or spirituality. Thus,
snake spirit, he can usually figure that
the direction it was going in is a pointer to the Other Side,
ora Realm of shamanic power. The snake symbolizes earth
magic, and thus could be a messenger from Gaia or some

when a Garou see:

Gaia totem.

In this same manner, every feature of the Umbrascape,
whether it be

fox spirit or a mere rock, should have a hint
of that symbology. In this way, every encounter is meaning-
ful, and the manner in which characters pursue or chase
these symbols can create whole stories or change the
direction of the plot. When the Theurge character chases

the snake spirit, she leads the whole pack off to the strange
hole in the ground, which ultimately leads to another
Realm or to the Wyrm Calumn they've been looking for.
On the other hand, if they decide to follow the robin
instead, it leads to the Atrocity Realm, where the pack can
stop an ongoing tragedy. (In the Middle Ages, many be-
lieved the robin tried to remove Christ's crown of thorns to
relieve his suffering. Christ's blood stained the robin's
breast red, marking the bird for its compassion ever after.)

In a sense, every story in the Umbra is a mythic cycle
story (see Chapter One); each is symbolic of deeper mean-
ings. The difference between the physical world and the
spiritual is that the meanings are easily discernible in the
spirit world. The deep layers of symbolism becomes ob-
scured by matter because the physical world is a place of
conjunction for many different symbols, while the spirit
world's symbology is often pure and undiluted.

The best resource to have here is a dictionary of ancient
symbols. This will not only provide a symbology for en-
countered spirits, but in doing so, will provide a host of
plots. The characters' understanding of the symbols inher-
ent in every Umbral being will determine how they act with
those beings.

74
lh —_——

The Umbra is divided into three different worlds
which follow their own paradigms. The Upper World is
a place of concepts and ideas given form and life through
spirit. It is a confusing place for the few Garou who have
entered it, as enigmatic laws prevail there. The Under-
world, or Dark Umbra, is even more confusing, for only
the dead truly know what transpires there and why. It is
the Middle World that the Garou are familiar with and
understand on an instinctual level.

The three worlds are not artificial divisions, but mytho-
logical ones. Almost all shamanic cultures the world
over recognize the three worlds, all connected and cen-
tered by the Axis Mundi, the World Tree. Shamans of
these cultures travel to the Underworld in trance to gain
healing secrets from the dead, or they entered the Upper
world, meeting strange, often angelic-seeming beings.

Garou adventures take place almost exclusively in the
Middle World, the Near Umbra described in Umbra:
The Velvet Shadow. To enter another of the worlds
requires not merely a physical or magical way of enter-
ing, but a change in consciousness. The worlds are
different reality paradigm:
requires at least a minimal understanding of them, or
being in a state conversant with that paradigm. The
most common way to enter the Dark Umbra is to die, but
that method offers no return (another method is the

ntering and perceiving them

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

a

Silent Strider Feralia rite; see Chapter Two). Details on
these other worlds are provided in Mage sourcebooks
(the Upper, or Astral Umbra) and will be forthcoming in
Wraith sourcebooks (The Dark Umbra).

The Near Umbra of the Garou is a place of animal and
plant powers, a place where nature still holds sway, a
primitive land untouched by scientific paradigms and
rarely by the reality-warping mages. (The Dreamspeakers
usually use their magick to maintain the status quo of the
natural Umbra, unlike most other Awakened invaders to
this pristine place).

In a psychoanalytical sense, the Middle World of the
Umbra — the Garou's Near Umbra — represents the
unconscious, especially the collective unconscious. It is
all those primeval elements — the animal natures of our
psyches — still swimming around out there. It is the
ancient and now repressed spirituality of our ancestors.
It speaks to something deep within us. The Upper world
represents a more refined portion of consciousness, al-
though extremely powerful representatives from the
unconscious reside there, such as archetypal gods, while
the Underworld is the Shadow, the darkness we don't
want to recognize.

With The Ease of a Child

The Umbra is a powerful setting where many themes
and moods can be explored. But don't let it intimidate
you. All philosophy aside, the Umbra is in each and
every one of us. It is the fable and folktale, our favorite
children's story. When running stories set in the Umbra,
it is important to throw away all nervous fears of
Storytelling — am I developing the plot right? Are the
characters going to get all my carefully laid out clues?
You need to fall back into the fun of telling ghost stories
around the fire or in the darkened tent. There was no
pressure there, just the story. Remember that it is just a
story.

Try to capture some of that childhood carelessness
when taking characters to the spirit world; your games
will run much easier. The more relaxed you are, the more
open to new ideas, the more your internal muse will be
allowed to speak. Let her run with any element she
latches onto and be just as willing to drop that lead and
pick up another. Go where she guides you — remember,
this is her realm; she knows what she's doing.

And above all else, remember the quality of dreams,
for this is the stuff the spirit world is made of. As Hamlet

says: "To sleep, perchance to dream — ay, there's the
tub..." The Umbra is the rub, and a wonderful rub it is.

|


2 er rare ee ear ern ve a remmnrremeerenrh

Historical Settings

Humans live best when each has his place to stand, when each
knows where he belongs in the scheme of things and what he may
achieve. °e J

— Frank

The setting of Wengs
the present. The Ap

isnot limited to

al chapter in the war
war that has raged
tun chronicles
baracters with

parallel stories switching
their ancestors —or who want to design history to adda Garou
perspective, a number of historical settings are provided here.
They can also work well with locations within the Umbra,
such as the Battleground, the Atrocity Realm, and the Leg-
endary Realm. This list is by no means exhaustive, but
hopefully it will help spur the imagination.

set in the pas

Developing Historical
Settings

A Storyteller may take any period in history and adapt it to
the World of Darkness. With the exception of mythical
Garou-oriented events, such as the Impergium, humans guide
history in the Gothic-Punk universe (or at least, beings who
were once human, such as vampires). Werewolves, despite
their supernatural abilities, have little power to stop the tide of
human progress. This doesn't mean that the Garou can't or
didn't make a difference at certain points in time. However,
from a historical perspective, their contributions were no
greater than that of ordinary human men and women. When
using these settings, let common sense be your guide. Charac-
ters should not tear apart George Washington before he
becomes President. For detailing historical settings, a research
trip to the library is invaluable. Finding accurate period
information, especially small details from everyday life, adds a
great deal to a story.

Tales of the Garou

These are the settings of Garou legend. Because all of these
are mythic periods, the exact times in human history are
purposely left vague. Each Storyteller should mold these times
and their mythic elements to suit her chronicle.

The First Times

A few Galliards still sing of the Forgotten Times, the First
Days. They say spirits filled the world, and there were no
totems and no tribes to divide the Garou. All werewolves
recognized each otheras brother and sister. The Wyld created,
the Weaver wove the Pattern Web and the Wyrm kept all in
balance. It was during this time that the Wyrm became
corrupt. The proud Garou broke into factions and tribes and
fought with one another. For source material on this time, see
Drums Around the Fire, Werewolf Player's Guide (the

76 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

oa ae).

descriptions of each tribe), Umbra: The Velvet Shadow
(especially the realm of Pangaea), and the "Legends of the
Garou" in many Werewolf supplements.

During the First Days, all werewolves possessed the Back-
ground Pure Breed. If you desire, the stories could be set before
the Garou divided into tribes. The characters may witness the
division of the werewolves into separate tribes with different
Gifts. In this setting, the lupus and homid breeds will be
divided evenly. Few, ifany, metis will exist. The Gauntlet was
virtually nonexistent (only a two or three rating). Humans do
notsuffer from the Delirium. Modern Abilities are not allowed
orare replaced by ancient equivalents. For example, Firearms
becomes Archery, Drive becomes Riding, while Computer is
nonexistent. Use common sense as a guide.

In the First Days, the Garou were strong, and spirits joined
them in the defense of Gaia. This setting works well for Past
Lives. The natural beauty and spiritual glow of Gaia provides
a poignant contrast to the modern world, adding to the sense
of foreboding. A Storyteller can use memories of the First
Times to illustrate how far the Garou have fallen.

Another interesting story comes from the myths of the
Children of Gaia. Each player could create a character from a
different tribe as intertribal warfare breaks out. In the prelude,
all of the players could die as cubs, then be resurrected as the
first Children of Gaia. They could then have the unenviable

task of spreading the message of peace to the hostile tribes.
(See the Children of Gaia in the Werewolf Players Guide.)

The Great Passage

After the Wyrm spread its taintacross the lands, three tribes
of Garou were guided by Lunes to lead their Kinfolk to a Pure
Land. These were the Wendigo, the Uktena, and the Croatan.
Rage Across New York gives the details of this trek as the
Garou guided their Kinfolk across the ancient bridge, which
preceded the Bering Strait, between Siberia and Alaska. The
Garou must protect their Kinfolk from the Wyrm and survive
the Ice. The journey was a test of faith in Gaia, and many
Kinfolk and Garou failed along the way. As with any of these
chronicles, a search for research material from a local library is
invaluable for making a Storyteller's life easier. Remember
that during the time of the Passage, animals such as the woolly
mammoth still lived.

All characters must be from the Wendigo, Uktena or
Croatan tribes. If the Storyteller wants to use the Croatan
tribe, then she must create tribal Gifts for them. As in the First
Days, no modern Abilities are allowed. The Gauntlet rating is
only between three and four. The differences between the
Penumbra and the real world are almost nonexistent. Humans
do not suffer from the Delirium.

The overall theme of the Great Passage is the search for the
Pure Land. It isahegira through inhospitable wastes of ice and
tundra to escape the Wyrm. During the passage, characters
will have to protect their Kinfolk and themselves from natural
disasters, supernatural forces and the elements. Survival is one
of the most essential Skills on this journey.

|


ae AA

The Pure Land stayed free of the Wyrm's taint because of
powerful spiritual protectors. These spirits may not care if the
Garou come in. peace seeking sanctuary. Do the characters
manage to appease the spirits of the Pure Land, or do they start
awar with them? If the Garou defeat the guardians, what stops
the Wyrm's Banes from following them to the New World?

A long journey often leads to dissension and low morale.
Other Garou and wanderers may decide to turn back, only to
face the challenges of the return alone. Ifthe elders give up on
the quest, do the player characters have the strength to guide
the believers to the new land? What do the characters do if
they discover one of their Kinfolk is infected with Wyrm-
taint? Do they stop and try to cure her, abandon her to the ice,
or bring the Wyrm to the Pure Land? How do the Garou deal
with violations of the Litany? In times of trauma, people seek
comfort and companionship; metis could be born in the New
World.

The Jmpergium

A dark time came to the world when humans captured the
secret of fire and used it to subject Gaia's other children.
Humans slew fellow animals for clothing and tools, instead of
just for the meat they needed to survive. At a Garou-held
council led by the Silver Fangs, the decision was that to serve

Gaia, the Garou must keep humans in check. Quotas were set

‘on every group of humans. If the humans grew too many in
number, they were culled.

The Impergium held the human population steady for
millennia. Some Garou became especially zealous in their
killings and fell to the Wyrm. However, despite the efforts of
the Garou, people established civilization in Egypt, the Fertile

‘rescent and the East. Many werewolves blamed weak-spir-
ited members of their own society and tried to purge the
merciful. The Red Talons and Shadow Lords were the first to
find blame in others for the successes of humans.

More than failing tostop people from spreading, the Garou's
continued attacks drove the humans to powers of darkness, to
the Wyrm, to the aid of mages and the service of the undead
for protection. People hunted and killed all wild animals that
could pose any danger to them, especially the wolf. Predators
throughout the land were eliminated.

During the Impergium, no Garou may have Contacts or
Allies. There are no restrictions on the Veil. Humans don't
suffer from Delirium in the early days of the Impergium, but as
the centuries pass, more humans lose the ability to face the
fangs of the werewolves.

The War of Rage

The Garou laid the blame for the Wyrm at the feet of the
other shapeshifters. The werewolves believed that they had
done their part to stop the Wyrm. Instead of recognizing their
own failures, they blamed the Beté, Gaia's other shapeshifters
The Gurahl raised the dead, violating the sanctity of nature.

The Bastet protected the humans during the Impergium. The
Mokolé were the living shape of the Wyrm. The Ratkin
carried disease for the Wyrm. The werespiders drank blood like
the Leeches. For every other Changing Breed, the Garou
found fault. Anger boiled over in the hearts of the Ahrouns,
and the War of Rage erupted. This conflict was not an isolated
event, but rather a struggle that lasted for centuries, flaring up

in many are en after truces were reached elsewhere. In a
few places, it still goes on. The War of Rage may be set in any
time before or after the Impergium, as even the Garou aren't
sure exactly when it began. More information on the War of
Rageand other shapeshifters isgiven in the Werewolf Player'
Guide and Rage Across The Amazon.

The troupe could take the role of a pack on the front lines
of the War of Rage, perhaps in an area where the Garou are
hard pressed. Alliances of Bastet and Gurahl or Ratkin, or
Corax and Bastet using a city as a base can cause problems for
werewolves. Likewise, exotic locations, such as Africa or the
Amazon make good settings for the War of Rage. A nasty
twist to the plot might include the arrival of minions of the
Wyrm and a hesitant alliance of shapeshifters to deal with
the greater threat. The characters could even come to
admire or sympathize with their enemies, and they may
confront their elders.

Players could also be a pack sent from a foreign sept into
an area in order to play the role of "UN peacekeepers" and
stop the War. They may have to negotiate and try to ease
tensions after years of intense bloodshed. Like UN

77


Sere err rere caren aren cae ar any SP a rem umarrwrensmnarensoh

peacekeepers, they will also find themselves targets as the
conflict heats up. Can they stand by while they are attacked or
watch one side slaughtering the other?

Some players may want to take the other side in the War of
Rage. Characters could all be other shapeshifters, united in a
struggle for survival against the maddened Garou. This type of
chronicle could be a roleplaying challenge for even experi-
enced players, as each one tries to think in the mindset of a
different being.

Locations and Cultures
Ancient Egypt

With its mythology and history, Egypt provides an excel-
lent setting for Werewolf stories, especially crossovers with
Vampire: The Masquerade, Mage: The Ascension, Wraith,
and Mummy. The Silent Striders dominated Egyptamong the
Garou, although it should be possible to find Children of Gaia,
Black Furies, Bone Gnawers, Glass Walkers and even Stargaz-
ers in the mix. The Bubasti, a clan of Bastet, stayed allied with
the Silent Striders even through the War of Rage. Although
in reality the ancient Egyptians were not as obsessed with
death as many people believe, in the World of Darkness the
undead dominated ancient Egypt. The conflict between two
vampires, Set and Osiris, forced the Silent Striders from the
land. There are a myriad of sources on Egyptian history and
myths. White Wolfs Mummy supplement (for Vampire: The
Masquerade) covers most of the essentials of the myths. See
Umbra: The Velvet Shadow, for Wepauwet, a Silent Strider
who became a mummy during the Set-Osiris conflict .

Asachronicle, the war between Set and Osiris would make
a good story, because the Garou must choose between aiding
aLeech or letting an even worse servant of the Wyrm rule over
the land. Eventually, Set wins and destroys the caerns of the
Silent Striders, forcing them to flee the Nile Valley with Bane
Mummies in pursuit.

Pre-Columbian America

Before the European Invasion, the Americas were a vast
untamed wilderness inhabited by humans far more in tune
with the spiritual world than their counterparts in the Old
World. In the same way that Storytellers would adapt Greek
or Egyptian myths, Native American legends are easily ad-
justed for Werewolf: The Apocalypse. Different tribes have
their own myths and stories, so each Storyteller should make
her own decisions about which of them are true. Battles with
evil spirits or tribal warfare could be the focus of stories.

Player characters may be members of the Wendigo, Uktena
or Croatan tribes. If the Storyteller desires, perhaps a Get of
Fenris from the early Viking voyages or a Stargazer from
ancient China would be possible. If a Storyteller wants all
tribes available, then perhaps Moon Bridges to the Pure Land
could work. A few ideas for chronicles include the arrival of the
first Europeans, a Moon Bridge accident which sends foreign,
possibly Wyrm-tainted, Garou to the Pure Land and the

78
lh —_——

forming of the Gauntlet that separates the people from the
spirits. Research into Native American legends and spiritual-
ity provides good material foralmost any Werewolf chronicle.

Classical Greece

Almost everyone has heard stories from Greek mythology.
A troupe could interweave the legends of the Garou with the
myths of the Greeks. Silent Striders, Children of Gaia, Silver
Fangs, Glass Walkers and, of course, Black Furies all could be
found in ancient Greece. The Python at Delphi, the Hydra,
and numerous serpents and dragons found in the myths are
obviously servants of the Wyrm. The Labors of Hercules could
become a chronicle with afew changes. Likewise, a Storyteller
could transform the Trojan War or the Odyssey to suit her
world. The challenge of using myths as storylines is how to
make them plausible for a roleplaying troupe (while keeping
the sense of adventure). If the gods do everything (as they can
in the myths), that doesn't leave much for the characters. The
Black Furies Tribebook is a good example of how to reinter-
pret these myths from a Garou perspective. For ideas on how
to make ancient Greek stories come to life and seem realistic,
read the King Must Die or The Bull From the Sea by Mary
Renault.

Exciting scenarios can also be taken from actual Greek
history. (Every Ahroun should have fought at Thermopylae
along with the Spartans in a Past Life.) The wars of Alexander
the Great could make a good long term chronicle, involving
characters from many different tribes. Herodotus, Thucydides,
and Xenophon are historians of the time period, although
much of the modern scholarship is easier to read and explains
far more.

Medieval Europe

Shadow Lords fought with Silver Fangs for control of
Europe, while secret orders of mages scoured the land looking
forcaerns tosiphon magical energies to power their spells. The
average human lived in ignorance and fear, and the faeries still
dwelt within the deep woods. The Church held the lands
together and its power was great enough to destroy numerous
caern sites. Knights roamed the land, and castles dotted the
hills.

For the Dark and Medieval Ages, stories of Charlemagne,
Robin Hood and King Arthur, and fairy tales provide good
sources, as well as sources about more historical European
nobility. The game, Ars Magica, formerly produced by White
Wolf, contains a lot of material that easily fits into the
background of the Gothic-Punk world. Some fantasy novels
can also work as the basis for Garou in medieval Europe. The
Hunter's Hunted for Vampire: The Masquerade provides
enough details to play members of the Church devoted to
stopping the Garou. This environment is well suited for
crossovers with a historical chronicle of Mage: The Ascen-
sion.

The Inquisition can provide for a harrowing chronicle.
Werewolves could fight against the Church and its devotees
as militant orthodoxy spreads through the land, and many

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

———

|


pagan sites (which also double as caerns) are destroyed.
Although itis not the time of the Apocalypse, the Garou must
still face an enemy that they don't have the ability to defeat.
The Black Furies call this period the Burning Times, for the
number of women who were burned as witches.

The Civil War in the United States

More Americans died during this war than any other, when
brother fought brother in a struggle for states' rights and
against slavery. Garou of the same tribes fell on both sides of
the war. Few groups remained united, excepting the Black
Furies, who helped with the Underground Railroad, the
Children of Gaia, who fought for abolition of slavery and an
end to the war, and the Wendigo and Uktena tribes, many of
whom hoped that the Europeans would destroy one another.
Many Silver Fangs, along with a few Fianna, supported the
South. The Glass Walkers stood relatively firm with the
North. It was a bloody time, and many Garou used the
opportunity to take revenge for old grievances. The Wyrm
spread throughout the land as the flames of hatred burned
high.

One interesting concept would be to have the pack's caern
located near the Mason-Dixon line. When war breaks out, the
Garou must fight to defend their home from the guerillas and
marching armies of both sides, as well as rampaging packs of
Uktena out to reclaim their land.

Another idea is to have the characters as members of the
Underground Railroad, responsible for moving slaves to the
North before the war. Then, have them decide their own roles
in the conflict. Let them see the best and worst of both the
Union and the Confederacy.

The Wyld West

Caught up in the Gold Rush, the spirit of Manifest Destiny
anda desire for land and freedoms, thousands of Americans left
the safety of the East to populate a nation that would extend
to the Pacific Ocean. As they did, they destroyed the lives of
millions of other people who already lived on the lands the
newcomers were claiming. Werewolves clashed as European
Garou traveled with their Kinfolk into the territory of the
Uktena and the Wendigo. Wyrm-consumed rail barons laid
the Weaver's metal rails across the Pure Land. Ancient
spiritual sites were disturbed by settlers. On the frontier, law
and order depended on who had the fastest gun or harshest
militia. Many good (and bad) Western movies and books can
make for fun and exciting stories and chronicles when blended
with the world of the Garou.

Werewolves could discover that settlers have built a new
town overasacred Native American site. The disturbed spirits
are angry, and the Garou must find a way to turn them from the
path of vengeance before the Wyrm corrupts them, yet, they
must make certain the spirits can survive civilization. They
may have to make a visionquest into the Umbra and endure
great tests to make peace with the spirits. In the meantime, the
spirits could compel outlaws and other undesirables to come
into the town in an attempt to drive settlers away.

ne Ae

World War JJ

The most destructive war in world history took place from
1939-1945. Europe was leveled, first by Hitler's war machine,
then by Allied invaders. Many members of the Get of Fenris
fought for Nazi Germany until they realized how evil Hitler's
dream truly was. Silver Fangs struggled to defend the Soviet
Union from the Blitzkrieg. In Africa, Silent Striders fought
against the Germans and Italians, performing commando
missions in the deserts. The Glass Walkers watched in horror
as their beautiful cities were bombed into rubble. Shadow
Lords seized power wherever they could. The Black Furies
unleashed all of their Rage against the Germans. Stargazers
harassed the Japanese during their occupation of China and
Southeast Asia. British Fianna howled in anguish for their
wounded land, while their Irish brothers and sisters were
pleased at first to see them suffer, until they too learned what
evil humans could do. Of all the Garou, perhaps the Bone
Gnawers working underground networks had the most effect
on the outcome of the war. Many werewolves believe that
World War II was the Apocalypse.

When the war finally ended, the Wyrm had spawned the
werewolves' greatest nightmare, the atomic bomb. A few
Theurges claimed that they could hear Gaia's scream echo
through the Umbra as the first mushroom cloud plumed into
the air in New Mexico.

During the war and in its aftermath, there are many
adventures for werewolves. Many caerns were obliterated or
desecrated with the blood of soldiers. In France today,
unexploded shells are still found in gardens and fields, many of
them date from World War II and some as long ago as World
War I. Underground operations, such as attempts to free
prisoners, including assaults on concentration camps, make
good stories for Garou. The Penumbra should reflect the dark
nature of the Nazi's deeds. Again, there are many sources on
World War II, but the realized horrors of Nazism may convey
an atmosphere that may be too dark even for Gothic-Punk.

Other Time Periods

Many other historical times make good material for stories
in Werewolf. The Roman Empire and its fall, the Victorian
Age, the Massachusetts Bay Colony and the Salem Witch
Trials (see Dark Colony for Vampire: The Masquerade), the
French Revolution, the Civil Rights Movement during the
sixties, the Roaring Twenties with its gangsters and prohibi-
tion, the Great Depression, the Red Scare of the fifties and
many more can all work for past lives or full-blown
chronicles. Just doa little research and let your imagination
tun free.

Chapter Three: Setting 79

LT A



Understanding DVillainy:
Splatterpunk Dillains

and? More Subtle

Antagonists
By James Moore

Edgar Allan Poe said that ‘Terror is the finest emotion,' and I'll
agree with that. Below that is the slightly grosser emotion Horror,
and below thats the Gross-out. And I go for Terror. .. butif Ican't
get Terror I'llgo for Horror, andI'mnotproud; if can' tget Horror,
I'll go for the Gross-out.

—Stephen King, Stephen King's World of Darkness Video

The World of Darkness — and most especially Werewolf:
The Apocalypse — is a world filled with blatant and often
disgusting horrors. The characters themselves frequently com-
mit gruesome murder to protect Gaia from the influence of the
Wyrm. But there is more to the villains in the game than ample
violence, or at least there should be.

Now, I think the first thing to clarify are the differences
between Terror, Horror and the Gross-out. The most com-
monly used word for excessive violence, or the Gross-out, is
Splatterpunk, a word that fits so beautifully with the word

Chapter Four: Enemies

[EE TS Te a /

Gothic-Punk that they could be close cousins — and come to
think of it, they probably are.

Splatterpunk is probably best described as excessive vio-
lence used simply to illustrate just how foul the world we live
in really is. Well, let's not kid ourselves, anyone watching the
national news can see for themselves just how twisted the
world has become. Horror, on the other hand, is most often
described by horror writers as a form of catharsis, a way of
intimately living out the fears thatassail usall; a spider running
across your bare arm, that brief second when your car hydro-
planes down the road before your car's brakes finally catch.
Lastly, that "finest of emotions," Terror. Terror is the primal
fear, the inescapable dread we all experience when the lights
go out ina storm or the air raid sirens crank into shrieking life
during the worst part of the tornado season. Terror is the
hideous sensation that someone has just walked over your
grave, the chill that ripples through your body and instinc-
tively drives you to just get the hell away from the source that
generated it. So where do the villains of Werewolf come into
this grisly little picture?

One clear look at just about any sourcebook for Werewolf
will show you more exotic enemies than most of us ever want
to see in real life. Every supernatural beastie in the Werewolf
books exposes another level of the real world, examined and
twisted to evoke outrage and fear. Read the back cover of the
rulebook, and while you're at it, take a look your closest
dictionary at the meaning of apocalypse. The entire game

81

|


Sree rare rane carne ere. ya re smreremseneren re)

is based around the fact that it's all over, these are the Final
Days. There's no more time to play Mr. Niceguy; brute
strength and violence are going to win the day, if anything
at all is going to manage that task at this time. The villains
in Werewolf reflect that mood; they, too, are desperate, and
they, too, need to have their own motivations.

Let's not make a mistake here, there is a difference
between a monster and a villain. A monster is a mindless
destructive force. Take for example a Thunderwyrm whose
only goal in life is to eat everything in sight, or take some
of the player characters I've run across. A villain has a mind
and should use that mind to his or her advantage. Some-
times monsters and villains act an awful lot alike, and that's
okay. But, as the Storyteller, you should always remember
the difference. The difference is simple motivation. Most of
the villains have goals a great deal more complex than
eating and mating. Most of the villains want something
more personal, something that the Garou are violently
opposed to. Pentex wants to corrupt the entire world. Asan
example of a villain, you could do a lot worse. Pentex is
subtle, and it is unstoppable. Pentex is very well established
in the world and operates virtually everywhere. Worst of
all, Pentex provides what are effectively necessities in the
modern world, at least from a human perspective: fuel,
cosmetics, food and entertainment. Just how long would
you go on without any or all of the above? Be truthful, now;
really think about it.

Pentex is representative of every bad aspect of the
modern world, a parody of big business. To the Garou
Pentex is a vile thing, an agent of the Wyrm; to humanity
at large, Pentex is a necessary evil and one that can be
overlooked as long as jobs and luxuries are provided by the
company. When you really think about what Pentex is all
about, you could say that Pentex and the Wyrm represent
Terror.

The Wyrm itself is inaccessible, or at least it should be.
There is no way to defeat the thing entirely, there is no way
tostop it from working its evil. There is noend todeath, and
really, that's what the Wyrm is, sentient death. Not just
physical death; we're also talking about the death of all we
believe to be "good" or "right" — the destruction of our
morals and the dissolution of our personal values. Corrup-
tion; the loss of everything good; and slow, painful loss of
innocence. Every aspect of the Wyrm is meant to terrify,
and Pentex is only one example. Wherever the Wyrm lurks,
death is sure to follow, destruction is soon to come. Worst
of all, the Wyrm is everywhere, plotting and moving,
preparing to strike. In every sense of the word, the Wyrm is
Terror.

On the next level, Horror, let's take a look at the Black
Spiral Dancers. Arguably, the Dancers should qualify in the
Gross-Out department, but I don't really agree with that.
The Dancers are a reflection, a mirror image that shows
everything foul and nasty in the typical Werewolf story.
The Dancers are vile, no two ways about it, but even the
Dancers have their own hidden agenda. Look through the

82 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ooo

Book of the Wyrm and read between the lines; you'll see
what I mean. They can be reasoned with, albeit not easily,
and certainly they cannot be trusted, but they are just as
able to discuss a situation as any other Garou. They are a
horrifying aspect of the game, but really no worse than the
street gangs that run rampant, killing people simply to
impress their peers or to show their superiority or worse, just
because it's fun. Their violence is mostly directed against
the Garou and for that reason, they can horrify. The Black
Spiral Dancers are the Doppleginger of the Shadow, an
example of what each of us is capable of if we surrender to
our darker impulses, the ones most of us prefer to believe
aren't there at all.

Another level of Horror can be seen in Samuel Haight,
the Garou Skinner. Haight represents madness, what any-
one can become if pushed too far. Haight's one goal is to
eradicate all of the natural Garou and to replace them with
werewolves that feel the way he does. Certainly he is
insane. Read any of the supplements where he appears and
you can see that. But even more, he represents the Unstop-
pable Menace, the serial killer. Damn it, the Garou keep
killing him, and he keeps coming back. Why? Because
Haight is the Unstoppable Menace, the unavoidable con-
frontation that the Garou would most likely rather not
approach. Haight goes beyond just being another bad guy;
if you know his history, you can see the underlying theme
that runs through all of his appearances. Ina very real
Haight represents something that most Garou do not want
to think about: the humans fighting back. Hey, let's not
ignore the obvious here, the humans suffer from both sides
of the war. The Wyrm uses them to Its best advantage, and
the Garou do not hesitate to tear the innards from anyone
they see as Wyrm-corrupt. Human beings get the shaft in
this game, and really, they don't have an easy time in any
part of the World of Darkness.

Haight is, to coin a phrase, the type of bad guy that you
love to hate. There is a certain satisfaction in stomping the
tar out of someone that has bested you countless times
before, and when they finally have succeeded, the player
characters often as not want to go back and do it all over
again.

Recurring enemies are a challenge that goes beyond dice
and rules and a vivid description. They're personal. Sports
teams always have grudge matches against the guys who
stomped them the last time they met, and player characters
need grudge matches too. There's no fun if you lose forever,
but there is a deep, powerful satisfaction in finally taking
down a personal foe. And after they finally win against a
personal foe, there are likely to be mixed emotions: regret
that the threat is finally gone forever — rather like losing
an old friend, really — and fear. Yes, fear. Is the threat
finally ended? We have the body to prove he's dead, but we
heard rumors just the other day about how he was seen over
in Topeka. How can they ever be sure? The simple answer
is that they shouldn't be sure. There should always be

ense,


co eI

doubts. When the doubts are left, the fear remains, and
sometimes even grows into Terror.

Finally, we come to the Splatterpunk villains, or as
Stephen King says, "the Gross-out." Simple examples of
Splatterpunk are the fomori and the Banes. Warped be-
yond recognition, twisted by the Wyrm's influence into
something that should not be, and basically pissed off about
the situation, the fomori make life an endless nightmare.
Name another creature that first devours a foe and then
vomits up the juiciest gobbets in a toxic stream that burns
Garou as surely as silver. The only limit to these nasty
creations are the limits that you, as the Storyteller, place on
them. They are everything leftover when you're done with
terrifying and horrifying. They are the repulsive things that
slither in the darkness, the creatures under the bed, the
escaped criminal with a hook instead of a hand. Fomori
have no redeeming characteristics, and they shouldn't.
When all else-fails to incite an emotion, you have the
fomori to fall back on.

The Banes are even worse, because the Banes can hide
and pop out into the open at the worst possible times. Banes
reflect the worst of Terror, Horror and Splatterpunk. Again
referring to the Book of the Wyrm, take a look at a few of
the creations that rest between the covers of that particular
tome and you will meet some truly repugnant monsters.
Look at the Meat Puppets. Take a few minutes to think
about what they are, and what they do, and then try to eat

a chili dog. Give some heavy thought to the Seeders, and
then go to the doctor's office for your physical. Or read over
the Dangerous Toys and then stare at one of those dolls
with the glass eyes, and see who blinks first.

Banes are a golden example not of what we fear in dark
alleys, but of what must surely be waiting just around the
next corner. They are the hidden danger that can be all too
teal. Most of us are smart enough to know better than to go
down a dark alley, but think about those who do it anyway.
A good number walk away unharmed, but a sizable amount
never walk away at all, or come away from that dark alley
scarred mentally, emotionally or both. Anyone reading this
who doesn't believe nasty things lurk in dark alleys just
hasn't been paying attention.

When you look at most of the examples I've just given,
you'll find that they've been categorized where they
shouldn't have been, at least in your eyes. Truth be told,
your eyes are just as good as mine, possibly better. I've
categorized them where I have because that's where they fit
most easily. No one category suits most of these villains,
because they have depth, dimension, a form of life all their
own. In a well told story, they are real. A sheet of statisti
doesn't make that happen. It happened because the foes
were examined in depth before they were put on paper.
Why is Pentex so nasty? Because if you take away all of the
special effects and gadgets, Pentex exists. Why is Samuel
Haight scary? Because serial killers are a fact of life. How
many serial killers are there? Too many. Even one is too
many, but there are more than one. Most of them operate
in the United States, and most of them look perfectly
innocent unless you are their victims. Worst of all, they
don't get better; they just keep getting more and more
twisted, more and more violent. Even when they are sitting
around the Christmas tree with their families, their broken
psyches are busily working on how to approach their next
victim.

Just time for one last example, the one that is scariest of
all; the player characters. The player characters normally
reflect some aspect of the players, and as such, hold certain
feelings that they share with their creators. You might find
one or two players enjoy bashing the local metis more than
the othe
that are slammed harder than others, and you will almost

s do, you might find that there are some enemies

certainly find that someone in the Troupe wants to play a
Black Spiral Dancer. Why? Because playing the villain is
fun, pure and simple. There is peace in hatred, and there is
satisfaction in destruction. Revel in the fun, gain peace

through vicarious violence, and by all means, satisfy the

beast within — lest the beast take the option away from
you. Most of all, remember that even the most inconse-
quential villains have motives. Remember that by giving
them life, you make the game more lively for everyone,

including, maybe even especially, you.


mites revi ee ta Oc rll pr Sr Sc meaner ora

A a

Antagonists
Hunters

Therearea lotofhumansout there whodon'tlikeGarouforone
reasonoranother. Some of them even actively huntGarou. While
the populace as a whole is blissfully unaware of the existence of
werewolves, these hunters do know about them and are usually
planning to do something about it. However, unless otherwise
noted, these humans are all affected by the Delirium.

NA Operatives

These elite employees of Developmental Neogenetics Amal-
gamated are specifically trained to combat and capture Garou.
Though they disbelieve the supernatural nature of their foes, these
agents are nonetheless aware that Garou possess a variety of
"evolutionarily beneficial mutations." They prepare for the field
accordingly.

Attributes: 3 in all Physical, 3 in all Mental, 2 in all Social

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Firearms 3,
Medicine 2, Melee 2, Repair 2, Science 2, Stealth 1, Survival 2

Willpower 6

Gadgets: DNA'sscientists (and their Progenitor backers) have
developed a wide array of equipment for their agents. DNA
operatives are fully equipped with appropriate conventional gear;
additionally, many agents use one or more of the devices listed
below:

* Monomolecular mesh armor — This full-body suit protects
as Class Four armor, but encumbers and hinders movements if it
were Class One.

© Volt rifle — This rifle emits a powerful electrical discharge
capable of stunning even Garou in Crinos form. It inflicts six dice
of non-aggravated damage (unlike most firearms, however, a volt
rifle does not add attack success to the damage Dice Pool). If a
Garou suffers at least one Health Level of damage, she must make
mina roll (difficulty 7) or be paralyzed for one turn per Health
Level suffered. The volt rifle runs on power cells. Each cell is good
for 12 shots.

© Kirlian helmet — This item was actually developed by
Progenitor mages using Spirit magick. Not only does it house a
variety of standard features (infrared detectors, polarized lenses,
HUD display, telescopic visor, radio comlink), the Kirlian helmet
allowsits wearertosense Umbral and spirit activity (including Gift
use) with a successful Perception + Science roll (difficulty 8).

* Ovule grenades — One of DNA's weirder devices, the ovule
s as a chitinous, egg-shaped lump about the size of
a fist. It is alive and capable of sensing the electromagnetic auras
emitted by other living things. When thrown at another lifeform
(must be tossed ata speed of least 30 mph to activate), the grenade
will burst and cocoon the target in an organic mesh similar in
molecular composition to spider silk (which is, strand for strand,
stronger than steel cable). This material has an effective Strength
of 8 for the purposes of binding, and will expand or constrict to
compensate for Garou shapeshifting.

grenade apy

84

© Combat drugs — DNA is on the vanguard of medicinal
research and has thus developed a variety of dnigs to boost its
agents' combat prowess. Such drugs includesuperendorphins (the
agent may ignore wound penalties), mitochondrial enhancers
(boosting Strength by up to three dots), neural catalysts (boosting
Dexterity by a similar amount), "smart drugs" (similarly boosting
Perceptionand Wits
ing the DNA agent to take multiple actions ina combat eum, as
though she spent Rage).

DNA also provides an experimental drug which makes its
operativesimmune tothe Delirium by cuttingoff messages tomore

,andadrenaline-enhancingenzymes(allow-

primitive parts of the brain. However, occasional side effectsof this
drug have been to cut off the normally unconscious neural
activities of the body, such as inducing breathing, A\ll these drugs
may have nasty side effects, especially for Garou who take them

FBJ Special Affairs

The FBI Special Affairs division isa highly secret operation
within the Bureau, unknown to most agents and employees.
This small and woefully underfunded relic from the fifties
searches out clues and leads pointing to the actual existence of
vampires and werewolves. The members of this division are
positive about the existence of vampires — they've seen a few
of them — but they are still somewhat undecided about
werewolves. There have been many reported sightings but,
despite forensic evidence such as footprints and the like, the
division has been unable to come up with the definitive
evidence they seek. For now, they have to assume that this
werewolf business could still be a hoax.


Certain agents have come close to realizing the truth about
the Delirium in their theories and conjectures, but until they
are sure, many werewolf sightings are equated with mass
hysteria and hallucinations. The Special Affairs budget will
not allow them to follow "false" leads until they can be better
verified.

Nonetheless, the Special A ffairs is hot on the trail of some

rou, ot at least the perpetrators of the hoax. They have

discovered that werewolf sightings are sometimes linked in
place and time with missing-children reports, and by following
up on these they have come to the conclusion that the
werewolves — or hoaxers — are kidnapping children. Some-
times, these children have reappeared and never mentioned
werewolves, but it's the ones who never reappear that worry
the agents. This is beginning to appear to them as a mass
conspiracy taking place across the United State:

Special Affairs agents have Traits similar to those given for
the "Government Agents" in the Werewolf rulebook (pg.
254). The difference is that they suspect something close to
the truth, and thus are dangerous.

Supernatural Beings
Chimera

Arlon Razortongue sauntered down the street — his street. Some-
body had been knocking off humans here the past few nights and Arlon
wasn't going to have any of it. He had spent years consolidating his
territory, his piece of city taf. He had thought he'd finally got the damn
Bone Gnawers to respect that, but apparently not. Arlon hoped it was

a disobedient Gnawer, rather than a vampire. His deal with the Prince
was clear, but you never know when an Anarch would ignore that

He tumed into the alley where the killings had taken place and started
searching for clues. His eyes began to glow oddly as he attuned them to
operate as spectrometers, to catch any clues invisible to normal sight. He
caughtared signal ahead of him and switched back tonormal ight. There
wasaratstandingin the middle ofthe alley staringathim, asifinchallenge
"So," Arlon thought, "it was a Gnawer." He stepped forward but
jumped back in surprise when the rat suddenly tumed into a giant, flat
grary dog-thing and charged him.

Hebarelydodgeditasitran pastandinto the street, disappearingdown
another alley. Arlon stood there sweating. That was no Garou, not the
wary it shifted, like putty porering upwards. What the hells this thing?

These bizarre creatureshave been encountered by the Garouin

the past, but very rarely, as they are innately shy and have very

effective means of camouflaging themselves. Humans have no
idea of their existence. In itsnatural form, the Chimera isa hairless
gray quadruped about the size of a cougar, but it can shift its shape

to resemble any other creature between the size of a mouse and a

large horse. It can even transform into an exact duplicate of a
human or Garou, and imitate speech, although it will usually have
only a rudimentary idea of what it is saying.

They are related to the totem spirit Chimera, but most Garou
areunaware of the exactrelationship. They are, infact, lost dreams,
dreams which have taken on a material existence of their own.
How this happens is unknown, but somehow a dream is trans-
ported by the dreamer across the Gauntlet. When this occurs, a
Chimera is sometimes created, a dream fragment become real
The Chimera has no memory of either the dream nor the
dreamer it was born from and it must forge its own identity in

a strange and alien world.

Chapter Four: Enemies 85

l—

iy / .


|

Lately, the Chimerze who inhabit the cities have become quite
vicious, even sadistic. They seem to have evolved both greater
intellect and a love of killing and devouring humans, and are
behind many of the ‘serial killer' incidents of recent years (along
with Psychomachiae possessions; see below). Some Stargazer
Theurgesbelieve that ifa Chimeracan be reunited with the person
who dreamt it into reality, it can merge again with that person's
dreams, and return to its own reality.

Chimerae are not necessarily Wyrm corrupt; only those that
perform vile and corruptdeeds come under the sway of the Wyrm,
and they will be revealed by their Wyrm taint.

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0 (varies in
different shapes)

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 1 (or more?), Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 4, Intimida-
tion 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Stealth 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 3

Willpower 7

Attack: Claws and teeth (Str + 2); can add six extra dice to
multiple attacks only (extra limbs as needed)

The Jersey Devil

The Jersey Devil's history is never told the same way twice: He
was the seventh son of a witch or the 13th son; he was cursed by
his mother, an old woman named Leeds, because she was sick of
bearing children; the old woman wanted achildsoshe made a pact
with old Scratch himself; the list goes on and on. The facts are all
vague, but the Jersey Devil is all too real.

Physical: Strength 9, Dexterity 5, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 3, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 5

Knowledges: None

Powers: Clawsand Fangs, Flightup to40 milesper hour, Mega-
Strength, Regeneration (+ 1) per tum

Rage 10, Gnosis 0, Willpower 7

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, -5, Incapacitated

Armor: + 3 soak

Attacks: The Jersey Devil tendstostalk solitary victims, oreven
small groups. More often than not, it simply scares them for
amusement, but the rumors of young children disappearing in the
Pine Woods of New Jersey could well be attributed to the beast's
foul appetite.

Image: The Jersey Devil has shown itself in several different
variations, always with some parts that look human and features of
a large bird, a goat and a snake. The most commonly reported
features are goat hooves, a horse face, a snake tail and hawk wings.

Ecology: The Jersey Devil hasneverbeen sightedanywhere but
in the Pine Woods of New Jersey. However, the creature has been
reported repeatedly since Colonial times, normally notfarfrom the

86
ll ——

ee a

Leeds' house, where his mother kept him prisoner until he escaped
over 150 years ago.

The Piper

Heard the piping, have you? Across the far hills to the North,
beneath the Ragabash Moon? Beware, young one; the Piper, the
Rage-Thief, dances these lands again! Its melodious song catches the
ear of unsuspecting Garou, then leads them into a wild dance from
which they awaken trapped in their breed form for days, weeks, or
sometimes months...

No, child, it is not of the Wyrm, at least not as we know the
Wyrm. Some old songs call it fey, while others speak of the bog-
master's daughter, drowned for loving a Fianna. The only one I've
know who'd seen the thing said that it capered like a spirit but left
footprints in the mud. He knew ghosts and Faerie, Raewellan did;
the Piper, he said, was neither. Since the day he saw it, they say , his
coat's been white as a Silver Fang's.

Explore the North Hills if you must. I'll stay here by the fire, to
sing moum-songs when they find you..

Tolose one's Rage isa terrible thing for Garou. A being that
can steal it with ease would bring more terror than a Black
Spiral hive — Black Spirals, at least, you can fight! The Piper
isa Garou bogeyman of the worst kind; a foe you cannot fight.

The Piper appears as a glowing human flutist — sometimes
aman, other times a woman, still others of indeterminate sex.
The Piper dresses in rags or a hooded cloak or nothing at all.
Its garb will often contradict the season — a heavy cloak on a
hot summer night, total nudity during a blizzard. More often
than not, player packs should only hear the piping, a wistful air
that urges them to dance evenas it chills their blood. The first
time they hear it, the song will not affect them beyond
lingering sadness and curiosity. They may hear it on and off
after that, it will summon up melancholy feelings but no more
than that. If the pack deliberately seeks out the Piper, how-
ever, they will find it...

The pack may never actually see the Piper itself. Its song
precedes it wherever it goes. This song calls to whatever
bittersweet longing each character bears: a lost love, distant
family, fallen comrades or aching shame. The Piper's song
weaves itself around that sadness and tugs at a Garou's inner
self, stealing her Rage while enticing her into a joyless dance
that soon leaves her unconscious and drained.

In game terms, the Piper's song entrances characters, then
forces them to dance while draining both Willpower and Rage
points. The more Rage a werewolf has, the more susceptible to
the Piper's song she is, and the longer its effects linger. Seeking
out the Piper while at war can be fatal.

If the Piper drains a few points, these points recover
normally. If it drains all of a character's Rage and Willpower
points, however, that character must go on a quest of some
kind — some attempt to recover the vital part of herself that
she has lost. Such a quest must be followed in the character's
breed form — she cannot transform again until she has
regained the changing gift.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

eee ae /


|

This draining effect steals one Willpower point and one
Rage point per turn until the Garou either breaks the spell or
flees. Characters can resist the urge to dance (and the resulting
drain) by making an extended Willpower roll versus difficulty 8.
The number of successes needed equals their normal Rage.
Characters who succeed can act normally, although the piping
will still draw out their deepest sorrows. Extended exposure to
the Piper's song has been known to cause Harano or worse...
Attacking the Piperonce ithas begun itsdancingsong requires
a Willpower roll against difficulty 8. [fattacked, the Piper fades
away, leaving only the ghost of its song on the wind.

The origins of the Pipershould remain shrouded in folklore,
should contradict each other and should paint a fearsome
portrait. It should provide atmosphere, chilling the players
with its unknown strangeness. Optimally, the Piper should be
overheard while the player pack explores some new territory
or travels through familiar ground on some errand. If the pack
inquires about the Piper, they hear terrible stories but no real
facts. Perhaps they hear of it at a moot, or from some shattered
elder who had a run-in with the thing during a bad time in his
life. These tales might give them pause. Then again, they may
not...

The Pipershould be used to evoke a sense of fearful mystery,
notas an agent of destruction. The Piper isan enigmatic stealer
of Rage, not an unstoppable killing machine. Its nature should
give wise players pause; the wrathful lose both control and
their anger. The Piper does not appear by accident, either. To
find it (and suffer its worst effects), characters must seek it. The
Piper should make the pack feel uncertain, watchful in the
woods and painfully aware of the fleeting glory of their Rage.

The Pumpkin Man

Numerous legends from around the Southeast tell of the
Pumpkin Man, a hideous creature that dwells near pumpkin
patches and thrives on the souls of bad little children. He is
often described as being a very gaunt man, with a jack-o'-
lantern in place of a head. In some regions he is dressed in
antiquated finery; in others he is dressed in rags. In the worst
of apparitions, he is a monstrous fiend whose skin resembles
that of a pumpkin, and whose claws could easily rend steel
asunder.

The Pumpkin Man is very real, and he still punishes the
sinners, even if the sinners are Garou. There are some who
claim he is an associate of Satan, there are others that say he
is a faerie. Whatever the case, he is a relentless hunter who
seldom allows any of his intended victims to escape, even ifhe
must follow them to the ends of eternity.

The Pumpkin Man can take two forms: one humanoid and
one monstrous. It only takes the monstrous form when it is
after truly vile prey. To switch forms, it rolls Stamina + Primal-
Urge against a 7 difficulty.

The Traits are given as follows: humanoid/monstrous

Physical: Strength 5/9, Dexterity 4/7, Stamina 5/8

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5,
Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Melee 5, Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Medicine 5,
Occult 5, Rituals 3

Powers (humanoid): (1) Heightened Senses, Open Seal,
Resist Pain, Resist Toxin, Sense Wyrm, Shroud, Truth of
Gaia; (2) Awe, Curse of Hatred, Sense Guilt.

Powers (monstrous; as fomori powers): Body-barbs, Lash-
ing Tail, Umbral Passage

Garou Gifts (in addition to those in humanoid form): (1)
Razor Claws; (2) Disfigurement, Sense of the Prey, True Fear;
(3) Umbral Sight; (4) Adaptation, Catfeet, Combat Healing,
Disquiet, Mark the Enemy

Also, the Pumpkin Man can regenerate from any injury in
either form, but as a Garou, cannot regenerate and attack
simultaneously. If he is destroyed, his remains melt into the
ground.

Rage 0, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2,-2,-5, Incapacitated (add two
OK levels in monstrous form)

Armor: + 2 soak (only in monstrous form)

Attacks: Silver cane (humanoid form), Claws and Bite
(monstrous form only)

Image: In humanoid form, the Pumpkin Man is tall and
thin, with clothes of rags or ancient finery and a walking stick.
The walking stick has a silver handle.

The monstrous form of the Pumpkin Man is also tall but
hardly lean. In this form the Pumpkin Man is just under 10 feet
in height and has a very athletic build. The creature's skin is
rough and orange, with thorns growing from the body and
limbs. The general form is similar to a Crinos but is designed
more for speed. The mouth is filled with razor-sharp teeth
made for cutting not for chewing. A long tail complete with
still more thorns adds counterbalance when running.

Ecology: The Pumpkin Man exists only to punish the
guilty. He does not need to eat or sleep, and he is always
refreshed and ready toattack. The Pumpkin Man does not give
warning. He simply stalks the guilty and punishes them. Most
are never seen again. The monstrous form of the Pumpkin
Man isa killing machine. It will stalk its victim to the ends of
the earth to destroy the transgressor.

The average punishment always fits the crime: if some-
thing was stolen, then something of equal value is taken
from the thief. If violent crimes were committed, then the
exact same crime is returned upon the attacker. If the crime
was simply not coming to the aid of someone in need, then
the person who has done nothing suffers the same fate as the
one left unaided.

The monstrous form of the Pumpkin Man only appears
to attack multiple foes or enemies that could easily defeat
the manlike form of its other incarnation. There is abso-
lutely no mercy from the creature, and it never leaves its
victims alive. Even destroying the body will only delay the

Chapter Four: Enemies 87

ET

|


aura arwoien roamer sercncansn saris are rnc ns rem raneareuch

AZ

Pumpkin Man's return. The monstrous form is used to
battle the most vile offenders; all others are left alone.

Wyld-Things

Angelo Costananga sat behind his desk, punching the latest
financial updates into the computer. The last three months had been
like paradise , his investments in the Warburton Land Development
Company had paid back over ten times what he'd invested, and
almost everything he touched seemed ready to tum into gold. Best
of all, he'd been able to convince his backers that sticking with the
natural landscape was a good idea. Gaia was not harmed by the land
development, and the recycling center built nearby was sure to make
a clear profit of over 50 percent by his early reckonings. Life was
good.

When the knock came at his office door, Costananga didn't even
bother to look up, just waved vaguely at the glass panel and finished
his typing. When the voice called to him, he finally managed to tear
his eyes away from the cathode ray tube and stare at the woman in
front of him. The woman called his name, her tone making it a
question, and he nodded. She smiled, and then she changed.

Her lean frame expanded, shifting almost constantly in small
ways. Her pretty mouth grew larger, as did the rest of her face
Where a second before there had been a beautiful young woman, a
brute thing now stood. In some ways it resembled a Garou, but the
fur that grew was quickly replaced by feathers, and they in turn were
quickly buried under scales. The pretty brown eyes were replaced
by orbs that grew and shrank randomly, moving like liquid across the
woman's face. The creature's smile became a snarl, and Angelo felt
his hackles rise in preparation for his own change

"What are you?" he demanded, as his own body started chang-
ing, revealing the cybemetic implants that only showed themselves
when he was in non-Homid form

"Really pissed off," was the reply.

He saw the Glyph glowing beneath her skin and finally under-
stood what he faced. "Oh, hey. It's not like that. I'd never betray
Gaia. I just have a different way of defending her..." the Wyld-
Thing snarled, its body shifting and blurring, changing again and
again as it moved towards him

"You haven't betrayed Gaia. You've betrayed the Wyld. Face
your death, Weaver-spaun..."

The Wyld-Things are extremely rare, and possibly no more
than three exist at a time, but they are also very dangerous.
Wyld-Things are believed to be Wyld-fomori by some Garou;
others don't even hazard a guess. The Wyld-Things do not
really seem to care about Gaia, but only about the Wyld. Some
have stated that they are the Wyld's revenge personified, but
no one really knows for sure. The only certainty is that they
actively hunt any werecreature that does not follow the Wyld.
Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers are among their favorite
prey, but they've been known toset aside theirarguments with
these Garou in favor of a battle with minions of the Wyrm.

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance (varies)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

88

———


Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Intimidation 5,
Primal-Urge 5

Knowledges: Animal Ken 5, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Powers: (as fomori powers) Berserker, Extra Limbs, Lashing
Tail, Plasmic Form, Umbral Passage

Rage 10, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, -5,
Incapacitated

Attacks: Wyld-Things normally just cut loose and attack,
tearing into an opponent and doing their very best to destroy
their targets. They will bite (Strength + 2), claw (Strength +
3) and grow extra limbs to assist in causing as much damage as
possible.

Armor: Wyld-Things can add up to four dice to their soak
rolls by growing scales and thick hide.

Image: Wyld-Things can imitate humans, but there is no
certainty that they ever were human. In their natural state, the
Wyld-Things shift in form constantly, adapting to the forms of
damage inflicted by an opponent and adjusting their form for
whatever is needed. When running they are aerodynamic;
when they wish to fly, they will sprout wings; and when
swimming, they grow sleek and powerful fins. If a creature
belongstothe Wyld, the Wyld-Thing can imitate it. Itcannot,
however, imitate the actions ofany Wyrm or Weaver creature.
Much like Wyld-Spirits, the Wyld-Things are unpredictable
and dangerous. Their motivations are their own.

Ecology: Wyld-Thingsroam constantly, moving from place
to place in search of new prey. They do not appear to have a
gender, and they do not need to eat or even breathe. They do
need to rest from time to time and, like Garou, cannot heal
their wounds without taking time away from combat. Wyld-
Things will not attack lupus Garou, nor will they attack Black
Furies or Wendigo, unless they are attacked first.

Urban Horrors

Urban folklore is known to many of us. Who hasn't heard
thestoriesaboutalligators in the sewers or the lady who bit into
a fried rat instead of the fried chicken she was expecting or the
mouse in the soda bottle? To the more discerning among us,
these stories are seen as what they are: legends passed around
orally, usually with a moral attached. Some do have real-life
events which created them, but most cannot be traced to fact.
However, in the World of Darkness, most of the stories really
did happen, and usually to someone you distantly know, or a
friend of someone you know, or a cousin of that friend...

Yes, that decomposed mouse really did show up in a soda
bottle — it was bottled by a Pentex subsidiary. Yes, your
chewing gum really does have spider eggs in it — thanks again
to Pentex. The reason these events cannot be traced back to
fact usually involves some form of corporate or supernatural
coverup (whether through the Veil or the machinations of the
vampiric Masquerade).

Below are some urban legends and how to use them in a
Werewolf game.

From the Spawning Pool

The Nosferatu vampires have a gruesome method of creat-
ing sentries for their subterranean warrens: they make a pool
of potent vampiric blood and let the local fauna partake of it,
creating deformed and often monstrous ghoul animals. Many
of these beasts have been witnessed by humans and the legends
have spread concerning them, monsters such as giant alliga-
tors or rats, and even animate molds and slime. Children
everywhere secretly fear and thrill at the thought of what lurks
in the local sewer systems.

These animals are left to roam the sewers freely, and usually
serve as a first defense against unwanted intruders. However,
the Nosferatu are not the only ones living underground;
others, such as Black Spiral Dancers or even the occasional
Bone Gnawer, share the subterranean world. These Garou
have learned, of necessity, how to exist with the preternatural
fauna around them.

Garou who try to enter the sewer systems for whatever
reason (the best entrance into a Pentex plant, attacking a
Black Spiral Hive, etc.) may have to deal with these bestial
denizens. Black Spiral Dancers will use Gifts such as King of
the Beasts to direct the ghoul animals against intruders, with
or without permission of the beasts' Nosferatu masters. There
are many ways the following beasties can be worked into a
story, throwing a strange and bizarre enemy at unsuspecting
werewolves. Most of the Nosferatu ghoul animals are not
Wyrm-tainted, just deformed. Thus, the Gift of Sense Wyrm
will not detect them.

Sewer Gator

Bon Bon Louie cursed as his flashlight batteries finally gave out.
He groaned. Why now, as he was taking a shortcut through the
sewers across town? Bon Bon didn't like the sewers, unlike some of
his Bone Gnawer kin. They smelled. And there were things down
here. He tried to peer through the gloom ahead but it was too dark
to make out anything but the vague outline of the walls and
waterway. He started walking again, telling himself that the stories
of creatures were just told to keep others out of Gnawer turf. But
weren't there a bunch of vampires down here, too? Down real deep
where the Gnawers didn't usually go? Least, that's what Mom and
Pop said.

Something thrashed in the water ahead. Bon Bon came to a
sudden halt, trying to see what it was. He remembered the spare
batteries, the ones he had taken from the old boom box yesterday.
He fumbled through his pockets quickly and pulled them out. They
were low on juice but they'd let him see what the hell that noise was.
He unscrewed the flashlight cap and slipped the batteries in, screwed
the cap back on tight. He clicked the button and pointed the light
towards where the noise had come.

He was staring into massive, toothed, lizard-like jaws gaping
open. Then all was dark again as the jaws clamped down on his
hand, swallowing it and the flashlight whole...

Chapter Four: Enemies 89

LES LT EY


Everyone knows the myths about baby alligators flushed
down city toilets only to survive and grow up in the sewers,
feeding off of the toxic refuse of humankind. Well, sewer
alligators exist in the World of Darkness, regardless of how
they got down there. The Kindred blood they feed on at the
Spawning Pools allows them to grow to immense propor-

tions, and occasionally, one may venture forth into the

sunlit world above to terrorize a housing development or
neighborhood before returning below for more blood suste-

nance. Such events are rarely believed, even by witnesses,

but tabloid reporters have occasionally snapped pictures of
these urban behemoths.

The
vampire Vitae for some time now, growing to 15 or 20 feet
in length (nose to tip of tail)
sewer passages. Thus, it is most often found in wide drain-

ewer Gator described here is one that has fed on

too big to negotiate many

pipes and reservoirs. It will normally ignore anyone invading
its territory unless it is hungry (which is often) or under the
sway of a Nosferatu (through the Animalism Discipline or
Blood Bond) or a Garou (through Gifts)

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 0 (rudimentary),
Wits 1

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Intimidation 4

Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 5

Knowledges: None

Attack: Bite (Str + 2), Tail lash (Str + 1)

Armor: + 1 soak

Health Levels: OK, OK, 1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

A ee A

Mexican Pet (Giant Wharf Rat)

Elisha slowly sat down by the large drainpipe, wincing in
agony as she did so. The wound hurt and she was too tired to keep
going. She'd rest here for a while, and get back to the sept later.
The Blac!

to lupus form to get more comfortable on the hard concrete.

piral was dead, so the danger was over. She shifted

She heard the quiet tak tak tak of small claws coming down the
pipe. She turned to see what it was and stared face to face at
twenty feet between at the largest, ugliest rat she had ever seen
Itwas at least as big as she was. Ithissed at her and foam dribbled
from its mouth

"Oh, shit," Elisha thought, "that's all I need — a rabid
monster rat." The thing leapt at her and she reared back to snap

its neck with one bite, but it pounded into her with more force
than she thought possible. What the hell kind of rat was this? She
moved back and howled in pain as it took a quick nip at her
wound. She felt woozy already; the fight with the Spiral had
taken too much out of her. But this — this rat was actually
dangerous. She was in for a real fight

She agonizingly shifted to Hispo as the rat kept coming on,
seemingly undaunted by her now huge size. Elisha hoped it could
feel as much pain as she

ens, this v

Another one of the sewer's deni
An old lady found it while on
vacation in Tijuana and it mistook it for a lost and be-

once a

wharf rat from Mexico

draggled puppy. She took it home and eventually found her
other pets dead, the "puppy" appearing to get sick. She took
it toa vet and he proclaimed its true pedigree, whereupon
it escaped into the sewers. It found its way to the local


Spawning Pool and soon grew to be quite large, now
standing about the size of a Doberman pinscher.

The tale of the old
cousin to friend toa friend ofa friend tosomeone a friend knew,
etc., becoming one of America's most-told folktales. Most

dy's naiveté soon spread from sister to

people don't really believe the story. But the rat is out there,
hungry todevourall house pets. It is vicious, maybe even rabid.
Itwill attack anyone that comes near it, unless that person has
some protection from or control over it

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 1 (rudimentary), Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 2
Skills: Stealth 5, Survival 4

Knowledges: None

Attack: Bite (Str + 1), Claws (Str)

Health Levels: OK, -1,

Psycho Killers

Probably one the most feared — ye

,-2,-5, Incapacitated

also revered — villains
of the modern world is the psycho killer, the nut who freaks out
and commits mass murder until he himself is killed. Even
worse are those who carefully stalk and kill chosen victims who
fitsome sort of weird agenda. The fascination with the modern
style of such creeps began with Jack the Ripper and continues
to this day.

The increase in numbers of psycho killers have many bases
in the World of Darkness: The End Times are coming, and the
minions of the Wyrm are stepping up their activity. The

growing nihilism among humankind allows Banes easily to
possess hapless humans and then to turn a minor neurosis into
a raging psychosis. Banes such as Psychomachiae, Kalus and
Scragsall work to spread the horror. Other beings also contrib-
ute, however, such as a few maddened Chimerae (see above)
and, of course, vampires, whether they be a careless drinkers or
inhuman Sabbat

There are so many dark designs against humanity and so
many fiends to implement them that it is hard even for a
knowledgeable person to discern which force was at work
behind any psycho killer incident reported in the paper.
Indeed, the instigators sometimes combine, creating a mon-
ster of a psycho killer, such as when a Psychomachiae possesses
a vampire.

Given below are some psycho killers that could appear in a
Werewolf story

The Hook

Storms-At-Dawn quietly padded through the sparse woods. He
slowly crept towards the spot where the lights could be seen over by
the ewo-lane road. He watched from the edge of the woods as the two
humans began the initial mating procedures. He hated humans,
especially when they mated. He stalked slowly and quietly towards

the car


Suddenly, the female pushed the male away. Storms-At-Dawn
stopped, in case they had seen his motion. The male, angry now,
would not take no for an answer, and forced himself on the female.
She screamed, but then the male screamed also, and Storms-At-
Dawn saw motion over them. He peered more closely and saw
another human slashing at them with a sharp hook where its hand
should be.

Storms-At-dawn growled and the hook-man looked up at him,
startled. No human could steal Storms-At-Dawn's kill and get
away with it. He charged.

The hook-man laughed, and Storms-At-Dawn stopped, growl-
ing again. He recognized that laugh. The laugh of the Wyrm. This
was no normal human...

This legendary being has appeared in many small towns and
wreaked his havoc on young lovers across America. By most
accounts, the Hook is an escaped convict who had his hand
chopped off by his girlfriend (some accounts say his mother).
He hasreplaced the hand with ahook, and now getsa vicarious
revenge on teenagers who park their cars on lonely roads or
lookouts at night. When the teens are engaged and oblivious
to goings on outside the car, the Hook creeps up and reaches
for the door handle. It is at this point that the teens still have
a chance to gun the engine and get out of there (sometimes
with the hook, which is caught on the door handle). If the
lovers are too slow, the Hook opens the door and makes grisly
work of them, leaving their bodies hacked up.

The Hook can be encountered by Garou who patrol the edge
of the woods, the margin between the suburbs and the true
wilderness, for it is here that the Hook lurks. The Hook is actually

a human derelict given supernatural abilities by a Psychomachia;
there is one Bane, but he has used many bodies throughout
America, creating the legend in many different places. Ifa Garou
can actually kill the Bane, he may destroy the Hook.
* Host Body
ical: Strength 3, Dexterity amina 5

risma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 5

Skills: Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: None

Attack: Hook (Str + 1 aggravated; the Hook is actually a
Materialized power of the Bane)

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

© Psychomachia Bane

Willpower 7, Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Power 50 (+ 10 per death
inflicted by its host — the Hook is quite powerful due to its kills)

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Possession

Pup Pid

Goes-Far stopped to rest by the slow-moving stream. He hada long
walk behind him but an even longer one ahead. He looked around
him in the dim half-moon' slight. The stream passed through a bridge
nearby, and Goes-Far saw the sewer pipe cleverly hidden in the
shadows there. He knew now not to drink the water. But what was


that movement? He looked closer and saw a figure squeezing out of
the pipe, followed by two smaller, rat-sized figures.

This being was strange. As it stood up, Goes-Far could see it was
but a skeleton dressed in rags, bearing in its right hand a rusted
cutlass. The two rats clustered about its feet, squeaking madly. The
sewerman stalked off with his rats up the nearby hill, towards the
human neighborhood.

Goes-Far felt a horrid chill shoot down his spine as the sewerman
turned and looked straight at him, as if he knew he had been there
all along. Goes-Far could swear he had smiled, even though those
teeth had no lips. Then, the sewerman was gone, over the hill. But
not before Goes Far caught the scent he had flung his senses out for:
the stench of the Wyrm.

Goes-Far stood up and marched resolutely up the hill. He knew
what he had to do. He just hoped he could do it before the sewerman
killed an innocent...

Pup Pid is a bizarre and dangerous type of urban folklore
character: the supernatural psycho killer. There are many of
this type told about by kids everywhere; Pup Pid is just one
example. These beings are perhaps brought to life and fueled
by the imaginations and fears of children, thus their weird and
illogical nature and relentless power.

As thestory goes, Pup Pid isa dark revenant who lives in the
local sewers and drainpipes, creeping out at night to eat people.
Ivis said that Pup Pid was once a pirate and still wears his pirate
hat with the skull and crossbones emblem on it. He also carries
his cutlass, which is stained with dried blood. The most
horrible thing about Pup Pid's appearance is that he is a
skeleton with fragments of muscle hanging off him, but with
no skin or organs left. He is accompanied by his companion
rats, two vile and vicious creatures the size of small dogs. One
is missing a tail and the other an ear.

But Pup Pid does not only come out at night; he wanders
during the day also, but in disguise. In sunlight he appears as
an old, prudish lady who is out with her two poodles (one
missing a tail, the other an ear). She is said to stop and watch
children from afar, with a disapproving yet hungry look on her
face.

These are the facts of the Pup Pid legend. So who is Pup Pid
in the World of Darkness? A Nosferatu? No, he couldn'tcome
out during the day then. A Black Spiral Dancer? Possibly, but
why the skeleton? A fomori? Maybe. A materialized spirit?
This seems possible also. As a Storyteller, you can choose any
option to bring urban folklore to life in your Werewolf story.
Below are some possible Traits for Pup Pid, assuming he is a
spirit (a Jaggling, with two Gafflings rats).

* Pup Pid (Jaggling)

Willpower 9, Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Power 45

Charms: Materialize (Power Cost: 34; Strength 4, Dexter-
ity 5, Stamina 4, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3, Melee 5, Stealth 3; Cutlass:
Str + 4, difficulty 6; Health: 10), Shapeshift

© Rats (Gafflings)

Willpower 7, Rage 5, Gnosis 3, Power 20

Charms: Materialize (Power Cost: 14; Strength 2, Dex-
terity 3, Stamina 2, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 1, Stealth 3; Health: 7), Shapeshift

Suburban Horrors and Freaks
The Creepy Guy in the House Down the Lane

This guy seems to exist in nearly every neighborhood. You
know the type: the old, cranky guy whom nobody knows
anything about, who keeps to himself, doesn't like kids (hates
them in fact), and peers warily out at his neighbors from
behind closed curtains. What is this guy really up to? How
comesalesmen disappearandneverretum once they've been tohis
house? If someone could get into his basement, maybe the secret
would come out...

This figure gives the Storyteller a lot of freedom to add
strangeness to a suburban setting. If one the characters is trying to
live a normal life in the ‘burbs, or at least is visiting her Kinfolk
there, then the Creepy Guy in the House Down the Lanecancome
into play. This can provide a fun diversion to adventures about
Wyrm hunting or epic battles in the Umbra.

So just what is the Creepy Guy? Is he a fomori? A Black Spiral
Dancer? A vampire, or a ghoul serving a vampire? Is he a Son of
Ether mage trying to quietly perform his experiments in the
basement, away from the pryingand misunderstanding eyes of the
populace? Or is he just a crazy old psycho killer?

What you decide on will determine the type of story you run.
What is in that basement anyway? Does it lead to someplace
strange? Do wraiths haunt the house, tormenting the poor man
who lives there, making him cranky and solitary? Can the ghosts
be driven offand the old man left with some peace? What if he is
apolice informant, hiding out in the witness protection program?
If the characters get involved with him, will they come to the
attention of the FBI, and thus the Special Affairs division?

One single character can lead to many story ideas and those, in
tum, lead to even more.

The Witch Lady

Similar to the Creepy Guy, the Witch Lady can often be found
on the outskirts of suburbia. She is the old woman whom legends
and gossip say is a witch who years ago did in her husband with a
Black Rite to get the insurance money, and now rarely leaves the
house. Asscaryas this personisin local lore, people nonethelessare
known to schlep to her door at night and ask for concoctions and
potions to cure various ills or secure a lover's kiss. The Witch Lady
is the town magician, scoffed at by day, but respected by night.

So, who is the Witch Lady, really? Is she a real witch, and ifso,
just a hedge magician or a real Verbena mage? Perhaps she is an
elder Garou, whom the pack must go to for aid, fetishes or cures?
(Some townsfolk swear they've seen her howling to the moon at
night...) Whatever you decide she is, she can provide a jumping
off point for many stories.

Chapter Four: Enemies 93

ee eee


The Devil Dog

This beast is known and feared by children all over: it is the

mean dog down the street, ready to chomp off heads with one bite.
Itsmad barkingand growling bringchillsto thespinesofeveryone.
The Devil Dog can be used in many stories: as the guardian of the
Creepy Guy or the Witch Lady (above), or it can be a ghoul who
has been fed by the blood of its undead master and who guards his
master's haven at night. Perhaps it is a Progenitor Construct,
placed in the neighborhood to watch suspected Garou Kinfolk, or
an Iteration X Hit Mark V (a machine, not really a dog at all). It
couldalsobea Black Spiral Dancer in Lupus form orafomori mutt.

The Devil Dog most often represents the guardian at the
threshold, the test that must be passed to enter on to the adventure
beyond (see Mythic Cycle Stories in Chapter One). Storytellers can
use this monster canine as the guardian at the gate in any weird
suburban adventure.

The Kid Chained in the Cellar

This urban folkloric figure is often found along with the Creepy
Guy or the Witch Lady. The Kid is a poor soul trapped in the
basement or cellar as punishment for an unnamed crime or
condition. The speculations on the cause are rampant: the Kid
broke some minor household rule and is being unduly punished;
the Kid was bom deformed and the parents are ashamed of it
(lockingitaway out ofsight);or the Kidishomicidal and wouldkill
if he gor loose.

The Kid in the Cellar isa story motif the Storyteller can use
if he chooses the more sinister options of the Creepy Guy or
Witch Lady mentioned above.

Wilderness Monsters
The Bog Monster

The Bog Monster only appears where the land is swampy and
dangerous. Most times it leaves unmolested anything that walks
through its territories, but if anyone attempts to damage the
swamps, it becomes a true monster and mercilessly destroys the
offender. The Mokolé are known to associate with the Bog
Monster, perhaps even as some claim, following the thing and
worshipping it as a Totem of the Swamplands.

Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 10

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 0, Wits 0

Abiliti

Power

Brawl 2, Intimidation 4

Mega-Strength, Plasmic Form, Regeneration (+ 3)
per turn, so long as it remains in the swamps.

Rage 0, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, -5, Incapacitated

Attacks: Hit the enemy, break the enemy. When in Plasmic
Form, which is most of the time, the Bog Monster tries to smother

its enemies inside its body. See the suffocation rules (pp. 197-198,
Werewolf Second Edition rulebook).

Shera perma yee capo ere oS ona EE manner)

94

————

ee AA

: The Bog Monster is a lange pile of sludge, often with

Image:
pieces of rotted wood or other debris poking from its body. Some
even claim to have seen dead animals incorporated into its form.
When it feels the need to fight, the Bog Monster flows from the
ground and forms rough limbs to smother or smash an opponent.

Ecology: The Bog Monster is a specialized form of elemental,
existing only to protect the swamps and bogs from anything that
would destroy their delicate balance, be it the Wyrm's corruption
orfoolish Garou trying tocatch toomany catfish. Some believe the
Bog Monster is a Kami

Lake Serpents

Ieseems that just about every rural Lake region in the world has
a lake serpent associated with it: Nessie of Loch Ness in Scotland,
Chessie of the Chesapeake Bay on the east coast of North America
or Champy of Lake Champlain in New York. These are just
some of the mysterious inhabitants of the world's lakes.

But just what are these creatures? Are they, as some
scientists believe, actual prehistoric sea creatures, such as
plesiosaurs, that have somehow survived the ages? In the
World of Darkness, they are most often (but not always)
Great Beasts, prehistoric creatures that once roamed the
seas when Gaia was young. Whether they physically exist
in the world or must be called from the Umbra, they can be
found hidden in the depths of large lakes or bays, emerging
above the waters at times to be sighted by amateurs photogra-
phers.

In many cases, these serpents were summoned by the lupus
Gift: Song of the Great Beast, and for one reason or another,
never went away. Such is the case with Champy, of Lake

Champlain, who roams in and out of the Penumbra and the

physical world (explaining why it can't be found when scien-
tists search for it).
Below are sample Traits for such a beast.
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1 (rudimentary), Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 5, Brawl 2, Survival 5
Attacks: Bite (Str + 3, difficulty 5), Fin Slam (Str + 1,
difficulty 7)
Armor: +1 soak (thick and slippery skin)
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -

Incapacitated

-3, -3, -5, -5,

All Great Beasts may be called using the lupus Gift: Song
of the Great Beast.

Creatures of Native
American Myths

Not all of the creatures below are necessarily evil; some of
them, such as the Nuhnehi can and do ally with the native
Garou.

Little People

Calf Killer paused tolisten. The music came from somewhere behind
him. But that was impossible. He hadl been walking for hours and had
seen no one. Stil, he could not deny what he heard. The rhythmic
pounding of a drum and voices raised in song filled the night. Curious,
he temed around and started back down the path to investigate.


The music seemed to come from a tiny clearing. But the clearmg had
been empty only minutes before. Alert to possible danger, Calf-Killer
stepped off the path andapproached through the forest. Hemovedsilently ,
using the foliage and shadows for concealment. The music grew louder,
and he could see the glow of a fire.

Herreached the edge of the clearing and stared in amazement. Within
the circle were forty to fifty tiny men and women. Only about three feet
tall, theydanced around the fire singingand laughing. Themen, their skin
a coppery brown color, wore long breechcloths of leather, feather and
bone hairpieces, and quilled moccasins. The women, who were even
shorter than the men, wore buckskin dresses, with bands of silver
encircling their arms.

Ashe stood there watching, Calf-Killer heard a twig snap behind him.
He spun around and saw two of the little men sneaking up on him. One
of the men held a crude leather sling. Before anything could be said, the
little man twirled the sling and launched a rock. The stone struck Calf-
Killer in the center of his forehead. Darkness followed.

Little People livedeep in the forest, as faraway fromhumansand
their polluted cities as they can possibly get. They carve their
modest homesout ofrockandcave formations, spending theirtime
between this world and the Umbra.

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 0-4 (depends on kind), Manipulation 1,
Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Primal-
Urge 3, Subterfuge 2
96 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Stealth 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Occult 3

Powers: Little People are believed to have the ability to make
themselves invisible. Actually, they can't disappear, but they can
easily step sideways into the Umbra, thus appearing to vanish
before a person's eyes (roll Gnosis versus the Gauntlet, but the
difficulty is 2 less for Little People). They may also have powers
which resemble the Garou Gifts of communication with and
control over animals.

Rage 3, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Attacks: Sling (Str, difficulty 6, Range:Strx4), Bowandarrows
(Str + 1, difficulty 7, Range: 90)

Image: There are three kinds of Little People:

Pygmies or dwarfs: From two to four feet high, these Little
People protect the animals of the forest and have been known to
drive away or injure hunters, especially those who kill without
showing proper respect for the animal or its spirit. These tiny
peopleuseslingsinstead of arrows for hunting. And, inspite oftheir
size, are strong enough to rip oak trees out of the ground.

The second class of Little People are nearly two thirds as tall as
humans, and are associated with bow and arrow hunting. Much
friendlier than their dwarf cousins, these Little People sometimes
play with children or bring home a child that has become lost in
the forest.

The third type of Little People are known as the false face. As
suggested by the name, they are tiny creatures with large headsand
spindly limbs. These are the most dangerous of the Little People
and contact with them usually proves fatal. Little isknown of these
people, for few have seen them and lived to tell about it.

History: Reports of contact with Little People date back long
before the first Europeans ever set foot in North America. Where
they originally came from, or even where they now live, is a
mystery. Around Franklin, North Carolina, several fabricated
caves thatare believed to have been the homesof the Little People
have been found. The cavesare sosmall thatan average-sized adult
has to get down on all fours to move about in them. And in the
Great Smoky Mountains thereare several mountaintops where no
trees grow, only weedsand grass. These balds, as they are called, are
saidtobe the places where the Little People once campedand held
their dances.

According to legend, the Little People once lived in contact
with the Garou, sharing their knowledge of medicine and sacred
things. But that was long ago, and the Little People have all but
vanished from the land. Some say they now live beneath the
mountains, but exactly which ones is unknown.

Unakas

Like the calm before the storm, the night grew strangely quiet. Gone
were the chirps of the crickets and tree frogs. Gone too was the harsh cry
of the whippooruill, so boisterous only moments before. Alert to possible
danger, Ghost Dancer stood upand stepped away from his tiny campfire.
Heallowed his gaze to wander slowly over the forest that surrounded him,
buthe saw nothing out of the ordinary. If someone was hiding, they were
doing a good job of it. And though the wind was blowing his way, the air


ae AA

carried no strange odors on it, only the scent of pine trees and decaying
vegetation.

But as he stood there, the ground beneath his feet began to tremble,
asthoughamilion bugs crawled below its surface. Ghost Dancer stepped
back and watched in awe as the fleshless hand of ahuaman skeleton clawed
its way out of the ground.

A second hand followed the first. Clutching, tearing at the earth. A
skull appeared, jaws hanging open, eye sockets glowing red.

As the skeleton pulled itself out of the ground, Ghost Dancer allowed
the Rage tocome overhim, willed himself to change. He transformed into
Crinos form and waited with teeth bared.

A second skeleton appeared. And a third. They climbed out of the
ground and formed acircle around him. Several more hands appeared as
other skeletons clawed their way to freedom. Ghost Dancer waited no
longer. He attacked.

Ghost Dancer launched himself at the closest skeleton, tearmg it apart
with fangs and claws. But even as he ripped the skeleton apart, it
continued to fight back. Hands no longer attached to arms grabbed him,
rakedhis flesh. Feet without bodies kicked him. The other skeletons joined
in the fight. They jumped on him, tore at him with their fingers and teeth.
Ghost Dancer howled in pain...

The Unakas are evil spirits that appear in the form of animated
human skeletons. Though they posses neither stomachs nor

internal organs, they are cannibals and rend the flesh of their
victims with extremely sharp teeth. Itis believed that the eating of
flesh brings fleeting pleasure to these demented creatures. Fierce
fighters, they have butone failing: they cannotcrossrunning water.

Willpower 6, Rage 9, Gnosis 3, Power 20

Charms: Materialize (must use originally body to Materialize
into. Power cost 15; Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Brawl 4,
Bite: Str + 1, Health Levels: 10)

Image: The Unakas are human skeletons with glowing eye
sockets. Dressed in the tattered remains of the clothing they
buried in, they carry clubs, spears and other makeshift weapons.

ere

ervants of the Wyrm, the Unakas embrace all that
is evil. They are enemies to the Garou and those who follow the
path of Gaia. The Unakas live in the darker regions of the Umbra,
but walk the earth at night in search of prey. They often lurkon the

one way to destroy an Unaka, and that is to crush its skull and

scatter the pieces over running water, either a spring or river.

Yuhnehi

Sam Nakai's head throbbed and his breath came in short raspy gasps.
Pain blurred his vision and sent white-hot lighming bolts dancing through
his arms and legs. He wanted to stop and rest, but dared not. Death
snapped at his heels.

How many Black Spiral Dancers were there? Three. Maybe four.
Too many to fight alone. If only he could get to someplace safe, then he
could restand tend to his wounds. But the caem was still overamile away
and Sam didn't have the strength to go on.

From behind him an eerie howl sounded. Sam tumed and watched
as three shadowy shapes emerged from the forest. The Black Spiral
Dancers had caught up with him. No doubt the fourth would be circling
around to cut off his escape.

a ——


Determined to die with honor, he loped across the open field, hoping
to make it to.a small hill that rose in the center of it. The elevated ground
would be the best place to make a final stand. But before he could make
it w the hill, Sam stepped in a hole, tripped and fell. His luck had finally
mun out. He prepared to die.

But as the first Spiral Dancer reached him, it stopped suddenly,
a puzzled look upon its face. That look quickly changed to one of
fear. The other Dancers also stopped

"Now what?" Sam asked, expecting the worst. But the Black
Spiral Dancers no longer paid him any attention. Their gazes were
fixed on something behind him. Sam turned and beheld a truly
amazing sight.

From out of the hill swarmed an army of angry spirits. All but
transparent, the ghost men wore Native American style clothing —
leggings, breechcloths and moccasins — and carried wooden war
clubs and tomahawks. Screaming terrifying war cries, they attacked
the Black Spiral Dancers with a fury that chilled Sam's blood.

Nuhnehi means "those who have always been here." They
are spirits that have inhabited North America since the
beginning of time. Keepers of magic and sacred knowledge,
they are friendly toward Garou and Native Americans and
have even been known to offer their assistance from time to
time.

Willpower 7, Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense. The Nuhnehi can attack targetsin the
physical world without materializing. They attack as per
normal for spirit combat (using Willpower to hit and Rage to
damage). This costs them 3 Power points per attack,

Image: Although usually invisible, when they are seen, the
Nuhnehi look like Native American warriors from eastern
woodland tribes. Their clothing is primitive, their heads are
shaved — except for scalp locks —and their faces are painted
for battle. Just the sight of the them is enough to send their

enemies running. But they are even more terrifying when they

are completely invisible. For then, only their weapons can be
seen, magically floating through the air to deliver killing
blows.

History: The Cherokee frequently speak of the Nuhnehi
and even tell stories about how the spirits helped to drive off
their enemies in times of war. Protectors of Gaia, they are
enemies to all who serve the Wyrm.

The Nuhnehi can be found underground, beneath running
water, or around certain burial mounds. To seek them out, one
must fast and go to where running water disappears back into

the earth.

Utluhtu (Spearfinger)

The elderly woman sat upon a large rock beside the path, bathed
in the sunlight that flickered through the trees. She wore a simple
printed dress, her kind face framed by two long white braids. She
smiled as Ruth Ann approached, as though she had been expecting
her.

"Come, child," the woman beckoned. "You must be tired from
your walk. Sit beside me and | will brush your hair."


Ruth Ann was hesitant at first, reluctant. But she was tired from
her long walk through the forest, and it would feel good to have the
tangles brushed from her hair. Accepting the invitation, she took a
seat beside the woman on the rock

Delighted that her offer had been accepted, the woman pulled a
brush from her leather pouch and brushed Ruth Ann's hair in long,
gentle strokes. She spoke in soft whispers as she worked, her voice
soothing, telling tales of the forest and how it was long ago. Lulled
by the voice, and the brushing, Ruth Ann closed her eyes to enjoy
the moment. Itwas the first ime she had relaxed since fleeing the city
and her hateful stepfather.

Butas Ruth Annsat there, she felt a tiny prick on her lower back,
followed by aslight pressure. She opened her eyes, turned around.
and screamed.

The lovely lady was gone. Inher place was an ugly, dwarfish old
woman with wrinkled brown skin and matted gray hair. The index
finger of the woman's right hand was a tong — twice as long as a
normal finger — and tipped with a spikelike fingemail. Blood
trickled down the woman's finger and over her wrist

In her left hand the ugly old woman held a piece of raw meat,
brown and bloody, As Ruth Ann watched, she took a bite out of the
meat and smiled.

"Thank you for your liver, child." she hissed. "It makes a most
delicious snack."

Ruth Ann staggered back. Though she had felt no pain, the
woman had somehow reached inside her body and plucked out her
liver. Ruth Ann knew that she would die. She screamed again, but
there was only one creature to hear her. Spearfinger took another
bite of the raw liver and laughed.

Chapter Four: Enemies

———

Spearfinger has long been one of the most feared monsters
to the Indian tribes of the southeast. She has a long, bony
finger on her right hand which she uses to magically stab and
remove the livers of unsuspecting victims. Since no pain is felt,
and there is no wound or scar, the victims are usually unaware
of the loss until they begin to weaken. By then it is too late and

arfinger prefers the
> of the Garou. Many

only a matter of time before they die.
livers of young children, especially the
a pack has suffered losses to this vile creature.

Willpower 10, Rage 9, Gnosis 8, Power 35

Charms: Create Bridge (Power cost: 3; Spearfinger also has
the magic tocreate astone bridge where needed —over rivers,
valleys, etc. — simply by pointing at the spot and saying,
"Make me a bridge." Once safely across, she makes the bridge
vanish so no one else can use it.), Materialize (Power cost 17;
Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Claws:
Str + 1, Health Levels: 10), Spear Liver (Power cost 5; this
allows Spearfinger to steal others' livers. For every liver she
devours, she gains a Power point), Shapechange.

Image: Spearfinger is a shapechanger and can appear in
many forms, her favorite being that of a kindly grandmother.
Her true image is of an ugly, old woman. Her skin is as hard as
rock, with the only weak point on her body being the spot
where her spearlike finger joins the wrist.

History: Spearfinger travels far and wide, but her favorite
haunts seem to be in mountainous regions of Tennessee,
North Carolina and Georgia. Legend has it that, long ago, she
fell intoa pit dug by Cherokee Indians and was killed when an
arrow pierced her hand. But she has since returned, possibly
brought back to life by a follower of the Wyrm.

99

cary ./



apt

With a Little Help
from My Friends

By Robert Kaminsky

For most people friendship is a part of everyday existence
that we think very little about, yet we are all constantly
relying on our friends for all manner of favors and support.
Ican hardly imagine what life would be like if] didn't have
For a Garou
however, things are very different. Due to the very nature

my friends around when I needed them

of the Garou, the friendships that I take for granted are very
hard for them to create or maintain. Despite this, strong
friendships and allies have been a key element in almost
every story I have been involved with as a player. As a
result, it is important for a Storyteller to think about and
understand the factors that make friendship what it is, both
in life and in the game. Below are some of the main issues
that help to illustrate the factors that one must consider
when designing full and well-rounded friends for your
players to interact with.

Chapter Five: Friends

[JE SS ana

Why is friendship so difficult for the Garou?
There are many problems and dangers a Garou must face

if she wishes to maintain her friendships with non-Garou

The first problem is the lifestyle of a Garou. It requires a
tremendous amount of secrecy, yet it also requires a great
deal of time. Asa player, I found out very quickly how hard
it is to lead the double life of a Garou and a "human." It is
challenging to make and keep friends when you are fre-
quently disappearing without a trace to take care of things
that you can't even talk about

Unless a Garou feels comfortable revealing his or her
true nature to his friends, it could be near impossible to
maintain even basic levels of trust or understanding with
any of them. Imagine trying to keep a relationship going
witha girlfriend when she doesn't even know where you are
half the time, or trying to stay on your college basketball
team when you have to miss practice so often. What's more,
the more friends you have, the more difficult it becomes to
keep certain aspects of your life hidden.

This leads to the next problem that many werewolves

run into: false friends. False friends seem to be your friends

but let you down when you need them most. For people,

101

|


ee rs

learning that someone is not whom you thought he was is
upsetting, but it does not usually threaten your life or your
future.

For Garou, these problems are much more drastic. One
false friend could ruin not only your life, but the lives of your
family, pack or even your entire sept. In most cases the false
friends of humans tend to be selfish individuals who care
more about their own hide than anything else. For Garou,
these deceivers are more often true enemies, such as Wyrm
creatures and Pentex employees who are purposely trying to
win your confidence so they can destroy you.

It is one thing when someone you trust lets you down; it
is quite another when someone you trust is actually out to
get you killed. Just think about how hard it would be to
discover this kind of deception before it was too late.

The final major problem with friends is a matter of
conscience. Because the life of a werewolf is so difficult and
violent, their friends may be in grave danger just because
they know the Garou. Whether they are being used specifi-
cally as bait to get at a character or if they are just in the
wrong place at the wrong time, most friends will not have
the ability to withstand once the punishment that many
Garou take on a frequent basis.

If friends are such a problem, why bother?

Despite the fact that many of a werewolf's emotional
needs and problems can be addressed by other Garou, there
are many issues that fall outside their group's ability to
handle. First, because the Litany is so important and perva-
sive in much of werewolf society, there are many things that
are difficult to discuss with other Garou. Having friends
outside of this society makes it possible to discuss these
issues with an unbiased, objective listener. For example,
what happens if two Garou mate with one another in a
shared moment of weakness. Whom can they turn to for
help and advice? A Philodox may be understanding, but
that isn't something I would count on. Truly, only a non-
Garou can truly look at the problem without the bias that
the Litany imposes.

Second, there are often times when things must be done
for the pack, sept or tribe that are outside the expertise of
the Garou that you know. There is a proposal to build anew
nuclear power plant for the city near to where your sept
operates, and there is a rumor that the project has been
fomented and funded by known agents of the Wyrm. Does
the sept have someone familiar with local city politics who
has enough clout to influence them? Does it have someone
who understands enough about architecture and nuclear
physics to discover if something is overtly wrong with the
proposed plant? Most likely not. Questions like this are best
answered by finding friends you can trust who have the
knowledge to find the solutions for you.

Third, non-Garou friends can give you a different per-
spective on a situation. Any large, isolated group of
individuals will settle into a limited pattern of problem
solving that usually remains fixed until someone else points

102
lh w————,

out the rut. This is an especially important limitation for
packs to overcome.

Fourth, Garou must make friends outside Garou society
in order to provide a future for the Garou as a whole.
Werewolves are a dying breed and not every child of a
Garou will be a full werewolf. Therefore, it is very impor-
tant for Garou to find a mate that they can have children
with. Since mating with other Garou is forbidden (and
futile for continuing the species), establishing friendships
with wolves and humans is very important.

What is a friend?

Many of usdefine friendship differently. To some, friends
are people to hang out with. Others see them as people who
can be relied upon for more important things. As a human,
making distinctions between the various types of friendship
is done largely subconsciously and can be nearly irrelevant
in most situations. As a Garou, however, it is vital to know
what sort of friendship you really have with the beings that
you associate with. As a Storyteller, it is always useful to
keep in mind what sort of friend a character is dealing with
when deciding on the friend's reactions. There are three
major categories that I think sum up most of the friends
people make: acquaintances, friends of similarity, and true
friends.

Acquaintances are those people you meet at work, in
school or where you live and whom you are friendly with
but know very little about. They are company for fun with
and can often be relied upon for small favors, but never
anything big. Also, it does not take long to establish a
friendship of this type, nor are they necessarily long lasting.
For Garou, acquaintances are useful for finding out minor
tidbits of information or just having a little fun. There is
actually very little danger involved with this type of friend
because so little is expected of them or shared with them.

Friends of similarity are those people you meet who have
a good deal in common with you. They are your drinking
buddies, fraternity brothers or the wolves you run with.
These friendships take much longer to form and require
much more effort to maintain, but usually some common
interest or duty allows you to identify better with one
another. Asa result it is much easier to ask these friends for
advice and favors that would strain relationships with
acquaintances. Despite this, you still don't spend all of your
time with them and there is still much that you don't know
about their daily lives and motives, so the potential for
danger is very high. If you run into a false friend, this is the
type friendship that would be easiest and most useful for
them to copy.

True friends are those people that you have spent a great
deal of time with and have come to know very well. These
people are the old friends from high school and college, the
co-workers that you spent many long nights working and
talking with or anyone who has proven beyond the shadow
ofa doubt that they will stand by you when the cards are on
the table. This category also includes long-term sweet-

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

tie //

|


hearts and human or wolf mates. Anything you've ever
done and anything you ever do can be shared with these
people and there is practically nothing that they would not
do for you. This sort of friendship can take a lifetime to form
but is priceless. The only problems with having non-Garou
true friends are the difficulties in hiding your Garou life
(which many don't succeed in doing) and the potential
danger that these friends may face. Despite these difficul-
ties, there is nothing more valuable to a Garou or a human
than someone who is willing to give her all, no matter what
the cost.

What will a friend expect of the Garou in return?

One of the problems I have noticed in many gaming

groups is weakly realized non-player characters. One of the

classic example is the frequent misuse and abuse of hire-
lings, henchmen and followers in many game systems. Who
has not heard of someone who has always tried to push his
or her followers ahead of the characters into the most
dangerous situations. In the Storyteller system, few things
can be more fatal to a good chronicle than a story in which
the characters can easily use and abuse all the people
around them to achieve their goals. As a result, it's always
good to consider the feelings and motives of all the personas
that you have created as the Storyteller. If a character
befriends someone, then they had better give as much as
they expect to get.

Despite what I have said about the faithfulness of friends,
they should never stand for being treated as some lever or
commodity. Acquaintances make ask for a ride at an
inconvenient moment, or they may stop by at difficult
times. If they are mistreated, they will go away. With better
friends it's even worse. If you are wondering what sort of
things a friend may ask you to do, sit down fora minute and
list all the things you asked people to do for you today
Then, think back to some of the more important things that
you have asked people to do for you in the past. Next
consider the people that you went to for these favors or
opinions. What category of friend do you think they fit?

Finally, you can use the results of your requests to help
determine some of the reactions a friend might have in
similar situations. If, after all of this, you determine that a
character is mistreating one of his friends, then let the
character have it. Acquaintances may just walk away, but
closer friends could have much worse reactions that range
from direct, angry confrontation to smoldering, hidden
hatreds.

Regardless of what actually happens between your play-
ers and the personas they have created, all the creativity
and time you put into designing your characters will make
the story you are telling a memorable adventure.


ere ere en UR Lei re ane ae ee maeremenrenreh

Kinfolk

As then, when nothing happened to us except

what happens to things and animals:

we lived, then, as humanness, what

and became
— Rainer Maria Rilke, "Chil

"You are not one of us." Her words

Robert.

"{''myourbrother," he protested. "I can!
fight!"

"No," Shere replied, "now get
caem bus r the onslaught
they knew would soon begin. Already, fhe Wyrm-stink hung in
the air. The fomori were nearby. Roberf stood sullenly beside his
VW parked outside the Bawn. Shere reached past himand opened
the door. "Go on," she urged, her voice tight. "Leave while you

can!"

sad, and they stung
ave. [canstillstayand

round them, the

He slammed the door closed. "I'm not going. You'll need
help..."

"Robert, for God's sake, you can't fight these things! You're not
Garou..."

"T'mnot helpless, either," he shot back. "Give me a gun and I'll
be fine." Shere opened her mouth to protest, but machine-gun
chatter in the clearing behind them made arguing pointless.

"Allright," shesnarled, exasperated, asshe transformed, "you're
gonna get yourself killed!"

"Don't bet on it," Robert muttered as he hefted a shotgun. "I'm
tougher than you think."

Below the Salt

Kinfolk occupy an awkward position in Garou society when
they're involved in itatall. Allies, agents, breeders and protector-
ates, Kinfolk, both human and lupine, take on rolessimilartothose
of women in many human societies — valuable second-class
citizens.

Many Garou view their changeless Kin as precious pawns,
valued more for what they are than for who they are. This
impression is by no means universal but is common enough.
Kinfolk bear (and often raise) Garou children to their First
Change, and act as go-betweens, couriers, spies and sometimes
cannon fodder for the embattled werewolves. Regardless of the
Kinfolk's function, few Garou regard them as equals — gifted, yes;
precious, yes; equal, no. The changing spirit is, of course, the mark
of Gaia's favor. They may be friends, but rarely partners.

Kinfolkare, in many ways, buffers between humans and Garou.
Werewolves prize themas good breeding stock, but often uninten-
tionally condescend them — after all, they're not Garou! Some
Kinfolk have grown to resent this dismissal; Samuel "Skinner"
Haight and his tribe of Skin Dancers are prime examples of
resentment exploding into hatred. Other Kinfolk accept their lot
happily, glad to be involved in a cause worth fighting for. Still
others never realize the truth behind their strange talents and
moody temperaments. They go through life blinded by a different
sort of Veil.

104

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

EE TS me 7 -

Types of Kinfolk

Your children are not your children.

They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.

They come through you but not from you,

And though they are with you yet they belong not to you.

— Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

Inthe old days, Kinfolk were often watched and jealously
guarded. But with the dwindling wolf and Garou popula-
tions and the heavy concentrations of human society, this
has become a difficult task. Some pockets with strong
Kinfolk strains remain protected by the tribes, but orphan
Kinfolk become more common with each year. The "thin-
blooded" can take on one of the following basic roles in
modern Garou society:

Allies

Many human families revere their secret pedigree; wolf
packs with strong ties to their cousins prosper where others
decline. These Kinfolk prize their heritage and will do
almost anything to help their Garou relatives. Many hu-
man Kin infiltrate organizations or form community political
groups that the werewolves could not run. Some Kin ruled
lands in the old days and still control influential families
and businesses. Other Kinfolk allies form networks like the
Sisterhood (see the Black Furies Tribebook) to aid the
tribal cause, while still more live and work alone as sentries
against the Apocalypse.

Enemies

Not all Kinfolk are happy with their lot. Many resent
their secondary status or covet their cousins' power. Some
Kinfolk, Samuel Haight for example, are abused by frus-
trated Garou parents who wait to see a gift that will never
appear. Other Kin become jealous, and the Wyrm eats into
their hearts. These become the most fearsome werewolf
hunters; they have knowledge, immunity to the Delirium
and a passionate hatred that drives them beyond normal
boundaries.

Note that humans are not the only Kin to turn on their
forbears. Some wolf packs, after years of aggressive forced
breeding, have attacked amorous Garou or have fled when
they approached. Animals, too, may feel resentment. Few
Garou will stand against an angry wolf pack; although they
heal quickly from a normal wolf's bite, the tragedy of
fighting one's sacred cousins would break most werewolves'
hearts.

Orphans

As the Apocalypse draws nigh, Garou frantically seek
out mates among the wolves and humans, hoping that the
blood will breed true. Sadly, most offspring never manifest
the changing gift, and as the casualties of the Final Days
decimated the tribes, most Garou offspring never meet
their Garou relatives. Though some of these human Kin-

|


folk discover their true heritage, many never do. The wild
urge burns just below their humanity, often alienating or
intimidating "normal" humans without either party know-
ing why. Orphan Kinfolk often become either hermits or
vagabonds, business or community leaders or criminal
masterminds.

Although orphan Kinfolk are not taught about the
supernatural elements around them, awareness often sneaks
in around the edges; many have a knack for stumbling into
the shadows without understanding them. Some become
hunters of one kind or another, while others go into radical
denial about the things they see or hear. Detective Janis van
Landingham in the Valkenburg Foundation story, "Hos-
tile Takeover," is a good example of an orphan Kinfolk
standing at the fringes of the occult without any formal
introduction to what she sees.

Calents and Temperaments

Though Kinfolk are not full-fledged Garou, primal urges,
animal rage and human reason flow strongly in them. They
tend to be more passionate, volatile and, conversely, more
honest and concerned than the average civilized human.
The call of nature is never far from their ears, though some
try to block it out without understanding why. The Wyrm
hovers around these latter Kin, looking for some way into
their hearts. In general, human Kinfolk tend to favor a
spiritual connection to nature, while lupine Kin compre-
hend Weaver things on a more complex level than do
"normal" wolves.

The slumbering primal spirit stirs and stretches in hu-
man Kinfolk. Many can work hedge magic, learn small
Gifts and rites, unlock psychic powers or even Awaken
their primal Avatars enough to use the True Magick of the
mage (though many mage Kinfolk become unwelcomed by
Garou out of distrust for mages in general). Even if super-
natural power is beyond their grasp, Kinfolk tend to be
hardy and skillful. Far from being mere allies or connec-
tions, Kinfolk are independent and capable in their own
right (see Creating Kinfolk, below).

Roles of Kinfolk Among the
Cribes

Substitute my enemies with real good friends
— Four Non Blondes, "Morphine & Chocolate"
Each of the tribes has its own niche for known Kinfolk;
asageneral rule, the Garou won't involve their Kin directly
in battles, but will act through them in human society. Kin
functionas spies, agents, confidantes, guards or go-betweens
with the local people or wolves. The tribes "use" their
Kinfolk in different ways. The Black Furies, in particular,
have needed Kinfolk agents to work within the male-
dominated social structures of their native and adoptive
lands.

sei Five: Friends

Black Furies: Although they revere women above men for
the woman'sessential closeness to the Mother, the Furies have
learned a hard lesson about the usefulness of men when
working behind the scenes. y Black Fury Kin work in
politics, business and proj ynership, setting up wildlife
preserves and protector ting for civil rights. Ma-
nipulation, the Furies more effective than
violence.

In North Ameri
equal hand in such ma
tribe bows to necessity —im

folk take a roughly
lor@androcentric cultures, the
ake onamore visible role while
the women run the real sh@w. One European network, the
Sisterhood, dates back to thé medieval witch hunts and works
to protect and aid the oppfessed, gather occult artifacts and
guide worthy Garou through the Mediterranean homelands.
Many of these Kinfolk wield political power and magical
ability. American Kinfolk often run domestic violence shel-
ters and vigilante teams.

Lupine Kinfolk often guard the Furies' preserve areas,
caers and shelters. Many of them understand animal hus-
bandry on an almost human level. The males of such packs, it
should be noted, know their true place in the world...

Bone Gnawers: Of all tribes, the Bone Gi
perhaps the closest relationship with their Kin. As protectors
of the downtrodden, the Gnawers form close adoptive families
i hile many of these
"normal" lupine

ant, new blood

ers have

The Barking Chain ossip network for the
tribe. This chain barks and yelps coded information across the
cities. Canine Kinfolk play an important role in this network.
Many Gnawer Kinfolk know the streets and sewers like the
back of their grimy hands or paws; other Kin find good servant
jobs cleaning up after the rich, famous and corrupt. Lots of
useful information thus finds its way to the tribe.

In rural areas, both canines and humans watch the land for
outsiders. While less aggressive than other tribes, these coun-
try Kinfolk are still quite dangerous to isolated groups of city
slickers or obnoxious hunters. Packs of African Kin hyenas are
renowned for their ferocity, as are the infamous Appalachian
wildmen.

Children of Gaia: Children of Gaia Kinfolk often reflect
the best qualities of wolfag mans work endlessly
for peace and underst social and political
change, while lupine Ki stand sentinel over the caerns and
wilderness retreats. Boghidisplay a greater tolerance than many
"normal" members of ¢ 3

Both men and

Children Kinfc et along
exceedingly well, dace fewer
enemy Kinfolk than' er tril the most infamous of

all, Samuel Haight, descent om them, much to their

collective shame.


|

Fianna: To the Fianna, Kinfolk are boon companions,
drinking partners and a link in a mystic chain that spans
centuries and worlds. Irish h cCumhail spanned
the worlds of man, anim: and Garou, and to both
Kinfolk and Garouhisle; sasan example of the value
bards, artists and
rabble-rousers of their , preserving the old
songs and minting new'@nes all the time.

Sadly, the warfare of fhe Fianna homelands has spawned a
vicious breed of Kin who@ke up arms against their cousins.
The tragic specter of blood and changeless blood
alike running in tain upon the ancient tribe.
All too many hu: fe one or the other side of this
bitter cause, and al lave needlessly died. Kin of the
Whispering Rovers, inland European camp, exempt
themselves from this struggle and either travel across the
mainland or set up safe homes where Rovers can rest. Many
Rovers leave Kinfolk in their wake as they journey, like the
Silent Striders they resemble.

The Children of Dire sire many lupine Kin in the farreaches
of their homelands. Few zoologists will confirm the existence
of the fabled Irish Red Giants, but the townsfolk know enough
to keep inside when the sunlight fades...

Get of Fenris: Throughout Germany's turbulent history,
the Get's reputation for ruthless nobility has inspired their Kin
togreatness. The wolfisa common heraldicsymbol toGerman

savage Get are as harsh on the; hey are on each other.
Few tribes fog uch rabid hatred among
their cousit

Human itler during
his earliest laim, but

All thesame, there are many
ior history — Norsemen,
le Prussians and howling
berserkers. Many bg ollow their example to this day.
The decline of @Black Forest and the relentless expan-
sion of the human population threatens the lupine breeding
stock of the Get. The tribe is wounded. Their protectiveness
of the dwindling native wolf packs is matched only by their ties
to lupine Kin. All the same, many "hands off" wolf packs exist
in Get protectorates; perhaps the tribe's desperation for pure
blood exceeds the tolerarige ofjeven the wolves they mate
with. Maybe the Kin cansq taintof the Wyrm upon the
visiting Get. In any case, jet Kinfolk packs will chase
off any Garou who apprga
Glass Walkers: From
tongs and Yakuza to
Glass Walkers have tht
side of Kinfolk affairs. Ma
their cousins' hunte
"normal" humans. The
combination vary f
are loyal unto deat

peratives among the Mafia,
gs of the super-rich, the
ve talons deep in the darker
se urban predators combine
ruthless efficiency of
ei the Walker Kin turn this
Othe vindictive. Many
no one but themselves.

ise Guys make the most
ardrooms and gangs with

powerful lieutenants. This tribe begets few orphans. As the
Walkers tend to groom their Kin for the future, they keep
closer tabs on them than other tribes. This occasionally
backfires — the Happy Martyrs, one of the most powerful
packs of werewolf hunters, all descend from Glass Walkers.
The tribe's close Kinfolk ties caused the extinction of two
entire packs and most of a sept at the Martyrs' hands.

Lupine Kinfolk tend to be eitherzoo wolves or so-called pets
of tribe members or human Kin. Many Garou consider the
treatment of these wolf Kin demeaning, but the urban envi-
ronment the Walkers favor offers few alternatives. Even these
Kin have their uses; they gather information, guard offices and
stalk offenders through the shadowed effiges and filthy alleys
of the living city. To the Glass Wal ource is worth
ignoring.

Red Talons: These Gar
fiercely protect their lupin,
Red Talons posted about
ries and occasionally
hiking groups. Red
reputation of wild

Shadow Lordst mly tribe exacting a higher toll from
on its Kinfolk than the Get of Fenris is unquestionably the
Shadow Lords. This harsh tribe beats an important lesson into
the heads of their Kin: ina Wyrmridden world, one must think
like the Wyrm, fight like the Wyrm and sometimes act like the
Wyrm. Nothing less that tal ruthlessness is respectable;
nothing less than ac

es 0}

Kinfolk and
Ives keep the
into tribal territo-
‘and small hunting or
ften live up to the ferocious

spies and infil
discovered a Kinfol
swoop down

Kin or lupine pac]

setting them up'as tri

skirt the dark fringes of the occult community, infiltrating
cults and learning forbidden secrets, while the wolves lurk in
places no lesser beast would visit, searching, guarding and
sometimes stalking for their Garou relations.

No Shadow Lord would ever consider mere Kinfolk their
equals; this attitude in turn leads to resentment and, occasion-
ally, to treason. All too many Kin have been goaded to the
Wyrm's side by the constant trials, threats and discipline of
these relentless Garou. Some among the tribe have begun to
call for more respect for their cousins, but others see the fallen
Kinfolk as just one more reason to keep astern and heavy hand
on human and lupine children.

Silent Striders: The Wandering Tribe begets many Kin
along their paths. All too few ever discover their true heritage,

but those ome the mostwélcome of allies; friends
with a wi
M ves to

mate with — es, drifters, entertainers and gypsies.
The children of such brief romances often share their parents'
wanderlust. Many Strider ballads and poems tell of enigmatic

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

aT /

|


ae AA

lovers, of memories enough fora thousand lifetimes sparked by
a short, intense bonding between two kindred souls. The
Silent Striders savor the bittersweet tang of such quick pass-
ings and are rarely surprised by strangely familiar Kin they
encounter in later years. The Kinfolk, for their part, seem to
treasure these meetings too. Though most humans would
resent their wandering lovers, most Kinfolk welcome their
Garou with open arms and wagging tails if their paths should
cross again. Few other tribes inspire such loyalty.

Few Silent Striders will willingly place either human or
lupine Kinfolk in jeopardy. They respect and cherish their
Kin, knowing that the special types the Striders are drawn
to are rare. Still, even the Wandering Tribe advances its
purposes through their Kinfolk. While the Seekers pass
their arcane wisdom down to select human Kin, the Dispos-
sessed adopt other wanderers, then spread their dire
prophecies among them to hasten the coming doom. The
ways of the mercenary Wayfarers especially suit many
human drifters, while packless wolves attach themselves to
the Harbingers as a lupine honor guard. The romance and
mystery of the Silent Striders' Garou-Kinfolk relations bear
the seeds of many possible tales. Even other tribes are not
immune to the vagabond's lure.

Silver Fangs: The Kinfolk of the First Tribe are the
créme de la creme of human sogiety — the nobility, gentry
and old mon range across
huge protects in and stern
Garou. Despit er of their Kin,
however, the
Fang's eccentricities 4 :

Throughout history, the Silver Fangs have wielded power
through their human cousins. Like the Get of Fenris and
Shadow Lords, the First Tribe has informed centuries of
human aristocrats. Unlike the other two tribes, however,
the power of the Silver Fang Kinfolk wanes with each year.
As democracies (real or imagined) spring up and titled
nobility give way to corporate giants, the Kinfolk are losing
their edge in human affairs. Instead of revamping, they
waste their time in posturing or satisfying elaborate social
codes, further distancing the primal call of their Garou
race. Most Silver Fang Kinfolk hold strong codes of honor
but lose sight of the real world. Like the Garou they descend
from, these Kinfolk, wolf and human, act peculiarly. Even
the wolves adopt habits that set them apart from their
brothers. Though they often head the pack, such odd
Kinfolk are questioned behind their backs. The others are
no longer so quick to obey.

Several infamous hunters have come from the Silver
Fang line. Perhaps the madness that eats at the tribe leaves
their Kinfolk open to extremes. One Kin, a Baron
Rutherford, kept a secret ranch where he hunted "normal"
animals, humans and even his own lupine Kin before a
mixed-tribe pack discovered him and ended his sport. The
Silver Fangs' pride still stings from this embarrassment.
More perversions will surely come.

Chapter Five: Friends

[PPO Ps ET is ET I, <A LTE TC IS

Stargazers: The legendary mentor-student relation-
ships of the Stargazers extedds to their interactions with
their Kinfolk as well. The gribe's chosen often cultivate
a philosophical bent andffaise thgir children accord-
ingly. Many human an@ lupjfie Kin leave their

t wisdom and enlight-
enment. Stargazer wi
than humans, ont
Many Kinfolk of

ink more abstractly
spiritual reflectio
Akashic and. al

actually join the r,
Even more my
meditative speculatg
an everyday task
with its Kin — the more gj
greater the pull of the spi

be follow mystic paths or
ce ages of the

while others
ee Aiwakened.
racticesome form of

meditation is simply
forms strong bonds
its led to wisdom's call, the
over the corruption of the
world. Some Kinfolk guardior maintain the monasteries
of their cousins, while others tend more worldly matters
such as farming, buying and watching for trouble. The
simple lives of Stargazer Kinfolk contrast with the harsh
existence of other tribal offspring, but they, too, remain
mindful of the war at hand.

Uktena: The enigmatic Uktena absorb the dispos-
sessed native peoples of different lands and give them
common purpose and vision. Squgheast Asians, Africans
and Native Americansefrom)b' he north and south
Uktena. Though the
at the mongrel blood of

fen phe strength inher-

d land to bring new
rm information net-
or create the stunning
us for. Others set up small
mislead curious visitors or

continents find Ki
Wendigo and Get
so many cultures, t
ent in mix

Human Kinfolk scour
secrets to their cousins,
works between the townga
craftwork the tribe is so fj
settlements or mystic tra
spirits away from caerns and sept territories. Lupine Kin
of the tribe often form an odd crossbreed between wolves
and coyotes, called coydogs by the Wyrmcomers. Though
these coydogs are usually less aggressive than their coun-
terparts among the Red Talons, Get of Fenris and
Wendigo, they are as crafty as coyotes and as strong as
fully lupine Kin.

Sadly, many Uktena Kin turn to the Wyrm, either
from bitterness at their oppression or from the secrets
they pry from the shadows. Few of these Kin become
hunters — most become sorcerers or cultists leading
angry humans craving revenge against the whites. The
minds of some coydogs simply snap and they go rabid
with Wyrm-taint. The tribe grieves for these unfortu-
nate Kinfolk but puts them down as quickly as possible.
The Uktena live too close to the edge to allow their
Kinfolk to drag the whole tribe over.


a A

Wendigo: This tribe's exclusive breeding keeps them close
and strong but limits their growth in a time when the tribe
needs all the,
Wendigo Sila i oid any contact, hostile or
otherwise,
retribution.

erhaps rightly, that any
violence fro Id give the Wyrmcomers an
excuse to take at ttle their people still possess. The
Kinfolk cultivate the old ways of their ancestors or work for
new beginnings. Open warfare is left to the Garou.

Some extremist septs are said to hunt down and kill their
own Kin for associating with whites, but this isn't true of the
tribe in general. Most Wendigo assume that any Kin foolish
enough to flee their native ways deserve what they get. In
recent years, though, the pervasive effect of luxury and the
mass media have taken a toll on the tribe's human Kin. While
arecent surge of interest in Native American culture has given
the tribal ways an added push, most humans simply aren't
willing or able to toss aside the benefits of technology for a
more primitive, if traditional, lifestyle. Still, the common
bond of culture unites both Kin and Garou into close-knit
loyalty. Few Wendigo Kinfolk go rogue.

Lupine Kin roam the deep Northwest forests with relative
impunity. Still, the scarcity of game and a rash of officially
sanctioned wolf hunts threaten the pure packs that remain.
The Garou revere their wolf cousins and protect them at all
costs. Anyone, human, Garou, or otherwise, who harms a
Wendigo wolf Kin will suffer badly for it.

Black Spiral Dancers: The Kinfolk of the Wyrm-infested
Black Spiral Dancers are a sorry and-dangerous lot. The mad

Garou waste no time explaining the; ives to the wretched
wolves and human yefuse that be Spirals' chosen
breeding stock. lad Ones, or die.
Slowly.

The Dancef's c y that the Kinfolk
themselves are merel Black Spiral taste

formadnesg dra
and war-hal ie!
Mad Ones pursue medi
sure toinner-cityma
oaths. The Black Sg 8€'broken healers, lead
them into insanity, fem back into their workaday
lives with new purpo¥ and an oddly unsettling gaze... Human
Kinfolk of the Poison® ibe do the Wyrm's work in ways
both subtle and deranged.

illers, psychotics
hilling group of
e cpnstant expo-
freirprofessional

The lupine Kin of this tribe are mentally and physically sick.
Many pass these sicknesses on to their cubs, which, of course,
leads the breed on a downward, decaying spiral. Packs of such
Kin attack both human and Garou settlements, fouling every-
thing in sight. Northem Wendigo claim that the Black Spiral
Kin have fed the lupophobia that has fueled recent mass
killings of wolves. If protests are raised, the response is that the
attacks on farms and towns have proved the need for wolf
control. Though other Garou Kinfolk occasionally pick off
human intruders, the savagery of Black Spiral attacks chill
even the most militant Garou.

108
l————

Creating Kinfolk

icarry your heart with me

icarry it in my heart

i'm never without it

wherever you go i go my dear

— EE. Cummings, "i carry your heart with me (i
carry it in)"

Kinfolk are individuals, often stronger and smarter than the
humans or wolves around them. So who is your Kinfolk
character? What makes her tick? How does she act, and why?
Storytellers should consider these questions when creating
Kinfolk characters.

Though the different Garou cultures will leave their mark
in some way upon the children of that tribe, the Storyteller
should take care that his Kinfolk have personality, motivation
and purpose. Remember also that Kinfolk are family. This will
color their relationships with Garou players. While blood is
thicker than water, it's also true that you can't choose your
relatives.

The suggestions below work for Storyteller characters in
general but are especially appropriate for the often-abused
Kinfolk Background of player Garou:

* Personality: A personal quirk or two — snapping chew-
ing gum, an unusual accent, a passion for chocolate —can pull
abland background character into the foreground. What does
she look like? What does she smell like? Your character should
make an impression. It's hard to get worked up over the
kidnapping of a set of statistics.

Most Kinfolk will have a stronger personality than the
average person. Pick out some aspect that makes them memo-
rable, then go for it. Just don't overdo this — excessive
campiness can spoil the mood.

© Motivation: Good characters don't act ina vacuum; they
have reasons for everything they do. Gerald Strumm won'tjust
tell his Glass Walker pal everything he knows for no reason.
Does he want to trade favors? Is he angry, and thus untrustwor-
thy? Ishe genuinely helpful, ordoes he have some more sinister
purpose? Consider which attitude your Kin holds towards the
Garou, and howhe mightact given his opinions. A character's
motivation will influence his actions.

* Purpose: Storyteller characters, Kinfolk or not, will have
some personal goal that they want to accomplish. That goal,
and the means they use to reach it, may make all the difference
in the world to your players. Kinfolk, in particular, will have
overriding goals and plans and will be used to getting their way.
This doesn't mean that Walks-Between-Walls' cousin will be
adversarial, but his short- or long-term goal may influence his
response to the Glass Walker's questions.

Gifts and Magic

Although most Kinfolk cannot use Gifts above the first
level, they frequently have access to different supernatural
powers. Most Kin, even humans, can be taught the Sense
Wyrm Gift if they work with a sept. Garou or spirits may even

Chapter Five: Friends

[POEL Ps ET Ds LT PTT Ts ST IS

teach more advanced Gifts to worthy or important Kin.
Kinfolk have no Gnosis or Rage, however, and cannot use
Gifts that require these Traits.

Storytellers have three options for Kinfolk magic: simulat-
ing hedge magic with Gifts that require some kind of ritual
instead of Gnosis, using the Numina, psychic abilities and
hedge magic presented in the Vampire book, The Hunters
Hunted, or simply making up whatever abilities she wants the
character to have. While an occasional Kinfolk Avatar might
Awaken in the mystic sense, true mages should be rare even
among Garou Kin.

If Gifts are chosen, the Storyteller should use her discretion
and choose appropriate low-level Gifts. It's extremely rare for
a Kinfolk to learn a Gift above Level One, but it has been
known to happen.

Some Gift examples include: Mother's Touch, Persuasion,
Eyes of the Cat, Sense the Unnatural, Detect Spirit, Spirit
Speech, King of the Beasts, Mindspeak, Curse of Aeolis,
Messenger's Fortitude, Sense Magic and Shroud.

Chapter Four of The Hunters Hunted contains a variety
of paranormal powers for mortals, including hedge magic,
psychic powers and True Faith. That chapter, and indeed that
whole book, offersup plenty of good material forthe Werewolf
Storyteller.

A Storyteller should feel free to let her characters have
whatever abilities she feels would be appropriate, within
reason. Game mechanics should not shackle a good story. Just
be consistent and fair; a Kinfolk with an arsenal of strange
magic may be more irritating than impressive.

Kinfolk as Player-Characters

How'd you dare to tell me

That I'm my father's son?

Well that was just an accident of birth

— Jethro Tull, "Wind Up"

There is no reason that a player can't choose a Kinfolk
character over a Garou. This might make for an interesting
pack, although the Kin player will be at a real disadvantage
when the fighting starts. Though they take no extra damage
from silver, Kinfolk heal as mortals.

Player Kinfolk should begin with the normal amount of
Attributes (6/4/3) and Abilities (11/7/4) for a mortal charac-
ter. Kinfolk should begin with five Background points and can
buy them up further if appropriate; a human Glass Walker will
have more Backgrounds than a Wendigo wolf. Assume a
starting Willpower of 3. Like mortal hunter characters, Kin-
folk begin with 21 freebie points instead of 15.

Kinfolk do not get Gnosis, nor do they have Rage. They
may learn a few Level One Gifts, possess psychic abilities and
Numina powers and buy Merits and Flaws. Though they have
none of their cousins' special abilities, they are immune to the
effects of silver and the Delirium, and do not always panic
animals by their presence. Garou law still applies to Kinfolk,
but they can get away witha lot more than normal werewolves.

109


pera ve ener reas ener are ere a reumorwrenenrens

Companion Kinfolk are often, but not always, sept
offspring. Many Garou choose Kinfolk lovers or make a
friend or two with whom they can be themselves. Some
characters may be siblings while others share a common
network — the Sisterhood or a Gypsy band. In any case,
the Garou will be protective of their fragile cousin —
pethaps too protective for the player's liking!

Kinfolk Templates

Assume that average Kinfolk have Traits about one
point higher than the usual for their species. Many
Kinfolk will have unusual Abilities as well — Stealth,
Security, various Knowledges — when appropriate. If
you want to create your Kinfolk from scratch, build them
as you would a player character, with 15 or 21 freebie
points and a Merit or Flaw or two if desired.

The templates below can serve either as Storyteller
cters or models from which to build original char-
acters:

Shelly Chiaroscuro

Tribe: Glass Walkers
Age: 18
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

c

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 1, Performance 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation
3, Law 1, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3

Gift: Persuasion

Willpower: 4

Troupe Play

Really advanced players might take on Kinfolk char-
a revolving-cast troupe, a group where players
play one major character and one or two minor ones.
Troupe-play stories often shift their focus from minor to
major characters, depending on the situation.

acters ii

The Hungry Moon pack includes two Black Furies
anda Wendigo, plus three human Wendigo Kinfolk and
a Fury wolf-Kin. While most stories of the Hungry
Moons feature the Garou in starting roles, an occasional
tale might concentrate on a hunter stalking the wolf or
a clash between the F.B.I. and the Wendigo Kin while
the Garou are away. Without their supernatural abili-
ties, Kinfolk must find other ways of coping with tense
situations. These stories can give both Storyteller and
players a break from the usual fang-and-claw game
sessions, illuminate an unusual aspect of the Werewolf
world and explore a minor-key kind of drama.

Image: A Rubenesque Italian-American woman with
shoulder-length black hair, deep brown eyes and a thick
Bronx accent. Shelly laughs easily but bitterly. She
wears stretch pants, boots, loose sweaters, too much
jewelry and smokes to exce

Roleplaying Hints: You're a curious soul; now that
you know that — for Christ's sake — werewolves exist,
anything is possible. You want to know it all, then ferret

your findings to your brother-in-law's sept. Your laugh is
raspy, your voice thick with cigarettes and innuendo.

Background: You discovered your heritage by acci-
dent — poor Chuckie knew that his new bride was Kin,
but hadn't figured that her father had sired twins. He
tried to keep you and Gina out of sept business, but no
way! Spying on hustlers, skanks and dealers beat cruising
to N.Y.U. any day! It's dangerous, sure, but if you sur-
vived Edgewater Park everything else is easy.

Hackles-Raised-In-Anger

Tribe: Uktena
Age: 8 seasons (2 years)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Leadership 2, Stealth 3, Sur-
vival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 2

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2

Gift: Sense Wyrm

Image: A large, stocky brown and black striped wolf
with an scar across his muzzle.

Roleplaying Hints: You know more about Two-Legs
than he knows about you. You understand his barks and
know when to run and how to fight. The mysteries of
Green Mother draw you, though none of your pack hears
Her call. The Blessed see the knowledge in your eyes,
and they come to you for gossip and advice.

Background: Though young, you were always smarter
than the old leader. You beat him in a challenge when
you were barely six seasons old. Two-Legs has trespassed
in your packlands for far too long; the cubs grow hungry
and must be fed. The Blessed came to your pack for
mates, but you warned them such sharing had its cost.
Two-Legs hasn't bothered your pack for nearly a season.
Perhaps soon the food will return.

110 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

[FPO Es ET Ps TO a tere

|

|

Kami: Jncarnations
of Gaia

We know the sap which courses through the trees as we know
the blood that courses wrt of the earth

and it is part of sisters. The
bear, the dee . The rock
crests, the jgltces in the meadow, the body heal pony and

man, all Belong to the same family.
— Chief Seattle, "Letter to President Washing-
ton"

This section details the "fomori" of Gaia, known among
the Garou as Kami (a Japanese word for spirit). These beings
are very rare and always unique. Storytellers should be
careful not to overpopulate the World of Darkness with
them. Every appearance by these beings should be some-
thing special.

Cypes of Kami

There are many kinds of Kami, including plant Kami,
animal Kami, mortal Kami, flesh-borne spirits and animate
lands. Each of these is described further below. Storytellers
should feel free to create Kami of other types as well.

All Kami are unique beings. While some may gather in
small groups performing important tasks for the Mother,
most work alone or with beings other than Kami. Kami vary
in their outlook on Gaia, their duties, their methods, their
personalities and in many other ways.

From Gaia's Womb

The Kami are simply another expression of Gaia's love for
diversity within nature. At one time, the Kami thrived in the
world. They were the manifest and living spirits of mountains,
trees, plants and the seasons. There were countless plants and
animals filled with unique power and beauty bestowed upon
them by Gaia. But the Wyrm went insane, and its continuing
scourge has left Gaia's womb barren. There are few Kami left
and the birth of one in this day and age is one of the greatest
of Gaia's miracles.

Relations with the Garou

Few Garou know of the Kami. Most consider them crea-
tures of legend. Every relationship between Kami and Garou
is based upon the individuals involved. Kami seldom work in
direct opposition to Garou unless commanded to doso by Gaia
Herself, for they know what Garou are capable of. On rare
occasions, Kami seek out Garou or other Kami for assistance.
Most Kami know very little about Garou culture, such as its
tribes, auspices, powers, or philosophies.

Chapter Five: Friends

 f RTL

Gaia's Blessings

All Kami possess certain powers. First off, all possess at least
human-level intelligence, though their thought processes are
not human (unless they were born human). In addition, all
Garou and spirits can feel something of a holy presence
radiating from them. This presence has no real affect other
than alerting those who are sensitive to it that they are in the
company of one of Gaia's chosen.

Silver does not affect Kami as it does Garou; they take
normal damage from silver weapons. However, most Kami are
vulnerable to at least one "normal" type of attack (i.e., fire,
cold iron, glass, plastic, lead, intense cold, etc.), and cannot
soak damage from such attacks.

All Kami possess Gnosis and some possess Rage, which may
be regained as the Storyteller sees fit. Some Kami with Rage
may even frenzy as Garou. A Kami's Health Levels are
determined by the Storytellerand is usually dependent on size.
Large plant hosts, such as trees, are hard to destroy, and an
animate land is even more difficult. Animate lands are only
harmed through the destruction of the land itself or through
defilement by chemicals, radiation, fire or some other hideous
means.

Kami Powers

The following listing includes the more common Kami
powers. Since no two Kamiare really alike, Storytellers should
feel free in giving the Kami they create powers not listed here.
These powers are merely guidelines.

Kami are meant to be Storyteller characters, not player
characters. If a Storyteller decides to let a player have a Kami
character, she must figure out the character creation process
for herself.

Animal Kinship — The Kami has the power to influence
animals, including lupus Garou (resisted roll: Willpower vs.
Willpower). The animals will view the Kami as a friend anda
leader. They will aid the Kami however possible, within
reason. This power is similar to the Philodox Gift: King of the
Beasts.

Animal Powers — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The Kami can either
transform itself so that it has certain animal powers, or italways
possesses those powers. Often the Kami will have at least some
aspect of the animal's appearance. Some sample powers in-
clude: heightened senses, claws, fangs, cat-like grace and
balance, great endurance, bursts of speed, water breathing, and
leaping ability.

Animal Speech — The Kami has the power to communi-
cate with animals of all sorts. The Kami knows the language of
all animals and speaks to them through the sounds they make.
The communication is actually telepathic, but the language is
used as the vehicle for communication. This power is similar
to the Galliard Gift: Beast Speech.

Animal Summons — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The Kami has the
power to summon animals to itself. The animals are inclined
towards helping the Kami. The types and number of animals

11

LF LTE SG


rae rere ee core rit ares ems weni rev

summonable are left up to the Storyteller. This power issimilar
to the Lupus Gift: Beast Life.

Animate Self — (Cost: 1 Willpower) This power allows
inanimate Kami to become animated. Most do so for short
periods of time, though some tend to remain animate almost
all the time. Kami which are attached to something, such as
Kami trees which are attached to the ground, may uproot
themselves and move, but this costs two Willpower points
instead of one.

Aura of Tranquillity — The Kami radiates peace, which
calms all within its presence, including allies. Garou cannot
use Rage for the duration of the scene, and all present will be
hard pressed to commit violence. The Kami makes a resisted
Charisma + Empathy roll versus each affected individual's
Willpower; victims who fail cannotact violently. This power
is similar to the Children of Gaia Gift: Serenity. Most Kami
with this power tend to radiate this aura at all times.

Autumn's Blessings — The Kami has the power to cause
a large area to take on the appearance and effects of autumn.
Leaves turn their fall colors, animals begin storing up food for
the winter, and the airfills with the chill of coming winter. The
Kami can instantly command all the leaves in a tree to fall at
once (cost: 1 Gnosis). If there are lots of leaves, those standing
under them may even be knocked down by the sheer force.
The Kami can also sense those who have left the prime of life
and are beginning to approach the winter of life.

Child of Air (Earth, Fire, or Water) — (Cost: 1 Gnosis)
The Kami can summon and command elementals of the
appropriate type (Manipulation + Expression, difficulty 7).
One elemental is summoned per success and the Kami can
command a number of elementals equal to its Wits rating.
Some Kami possess other powers relating to their element. It
is rare forany Kami to bea child of more than one element, but
there can be Kami who are children of combined elements:
Child of Steam (fire and water), Child of Lava (fire and earth),
Child of Mud (water and earth).

Command the Earth —The Kami can cause the very earth
to move as it commands. This may be used to form quicksand,
pits, tremors, landslides and other phenomena. The cost varies
with the region affected; the broader the area, the higher the
cost. An earthquake would cost 2 Gnosis, while a quicksand
pond would cost only 1 Gnosis.

Curse of Gaia — (Cost: 3 Gnosis) Kami with this power
can place acurse upon those who disrupt the balance of nature.
This power varies greatly in effect and strength. Examples:
victims are turned to stone, victims suffer Harano, victims
become diseased, victims suffer runs of bad luck, victims are
swallowed up by the earth. Curses can be anything the fiendish
Storyteller can think up. Most Kami are capable of inflicting
only one particular curse or a small number of different curses.

Enchanting Voice — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The Kami has the
power to enthrall those who hear its singing to make them
inclined to approach the source of the sound. The enchanted
one must make a Willpower roll versus a difficulty equal to the
Kami's Charisma + Performance.

112
ll ————,

Gaia's Summons — (Cost: 1 Gnosis, | Willpower) The
Kami has the power to summon some powerful force of Gaia,
be it Wyldlings, one of the Great Beasts, or possibly even a
certain group (breed, tribe, sept) of Garou. Those who are
summoned will act in the best interest of the Kami. Those who
try to resist must make a resisted Willpower roll versus the
Kami.

Garou Kinship — Garou will be inclined towards accept-
ingthe Kamiasa friend and confidante. This issimilartoa Pure
Breed rating of three.

Great Destiny — The Kami cannot be stopped by anything
until it accomplishes the purpose for which it exists. Gaia has
chosen the Kami for some great and special task and anything
which would normally prevent the Kami from accomplishing
that task (such as death) is prevented by some miraculous
event.

Heart Sense — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The K:
the soul of an individual and see which member of the Triat
they are most inclined towards. The Kami can also see and
interpret the past lives of the individual, recognize any guilt
they feel and why, see their dreams and desires, and recognize
their true form. This requires an Perception + Empathy roll,
difficulty seven. Each success increases the amount of informa-
tion learned.

Invulnerability — The Kami has an additional one to five
points of Stamina for the purpose of soaking damage. Often
the Kami'sskin will be unusual in some way, such asstone skin,
chitinous armor, or a faint glow surrounding the body.

Long-Lived — The Kami lives far longer than do other
members of its species. The Kami is not immortal, but Gaia's
energies slow the aging process in the Kami's body. For a
human Kami, long-lived may be three hundred years. For an
insect Kami, long-lived may be two weeks. For a mountain
Kami, long-lived may be virtually immortal by human stan-
dards of time.

Lord of the Land — The Kami knows all which goes on of
interest to it within its territory. The area could be as large as

‘ami can look into

atwoto three mile radius. This power iscommon among plant
Kami and animate lands. This power does not cost anything to
use.
Mask Presence — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The Kami has the
power toavoid being seen and heard for one scene. This power
can function asa camouflage power, invisibility, or itcan make
the Kami appear as someone or something it is not.
Mega-Strength — The Kami has one to five additional
points of Strength.
Mother's Touch — As the Level One Theurge Gift.
Peaceful Fighting — The Kami is capable of defending
itself without causing any real harm to its opponent. The Kami
may attack as normal, but each Health Level of damage it
inflicts merely lasts for the remainder of the scene, healing up
afterwards. If the Kami's target takes more Health Levels than
its Stamina in one blow, then it is knocked unconscious.
Piercing Gaze — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The Kami can make
anyone it looks at feel as though their soul is being peered into.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

na ley


This usually causes the targets to become agitated, nervousand

possibly even angry. Some animated lands and plant Kami
have this power. While they donothave eyes, they do perceive

what goes on around them and those nearby feel as though

they are being watched. This is often used to drive invaders

from the Kami's territory. This power is often possessed by
Kami who also have Heart Sense.

Plant Animation — (Cost:

aries) The Kami has the power
to animate plants. The plants obey the will of the Kami
animating them. It is up to the Storyteller to decide what the
animated plants are capable of doing. Plants tend to have a
Dexterity ranging from I to 3 and Strength ranging from 1 (a
Most
animated plants are capable of using their bodies to entangle

bunch of animated daisies) to 10 (a massive tree)

orlash out against their enemies. The Gnosis point cost of this
power, and the damage caused, varies with the size (and
number) of the plants. This power may be used on a small
number of trees or a large number of smaller plants.

Plant Kinship — The Kami is a friend to all plants.
Animated plants will assist the Kami whenever possible. The
Kami also knows Plant Speech which functions similarly to
theGalliard Gift: Beast Speech, except, of course, that it works
with plants instead of animals. The Kami can leam all that has
gone on in the area from the plants, though the plants are not
actually sentient.

Regeneration — The Kami has the power to regenerate
nonaggravated wounds at a rate of one Health Level per turn.

| an

Chapter Five: Friends

Silent Speech — The Kami has the power to communicate
telepathically. Language is no barrier to communication.

Spirit Awakening — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The Kami has the
power to awaken spirits. Its effects are the same as the Rite of
Spirit Awakening, except this power only takes one turn to
use.

Spirit Charms—Some Kamihave the ability touse certain
spirit Charms, such as Airt Sense, Reform, Possession, Break
Reality, etc. The Kami may or may not take on some aspects
of the appearance of the spirit whose powers it possesses. Only
Kami who possess Umbral Passage can have this power. Often,
Gnosis points instead of Power are used to fuel the Charms.
However, some spirits, such as Flesh-borne spirits, retain their
Power rating and use that instead.

Spirit Sense — The Kami can see into the Umbra and
communicate with all spirits within its sight range while on
Earth.

Spring's Blessings — The Kami has the power to cause a
large area to take on the effects and appearance of springtime.
The Kami can cause plants to begin growing, animals to come
out of hibernation and begin mating, and the air to fill with the
light warmth of spring. Kami with this power can also identify
those who are pregnant and those who have still not fulfilled
their potential in life.

Strange Senses — The Kami possess swhich cannot
be described or understood by humans. These senses allow
Kami to sense things others cannot, such as emotions, invis-

ible things, the Dark Umbra and the astral plane

ens

Subtle Presence Kami hard to

ven harder to find. The Kami leaves no trail,

This power makes the

keep up with and
and those who casually observe the Kami forget they saw it.
Those actively looking for the Kami must spend far more time
and effort doing so than it would take normally.

Summer's Blessings — The Kami can cause an area to take
on the appearance and effects of summer. The Kami causes
leaves to turn full and green, animals to scurry about hunting
and playing and the air to fill with the heat of summer. The
Kami has the power to cause sunstroke if it so desires ( 7
Gni ‘oll Stamina + Primal-Urge, difficulty 7). The v
can resist with a Stamina roll; if successful, there is no effect,

but if he fails, he will pass out and will suffer one non-soakable
Health Level of aggravated damage. The Kami can also sense
those who are in the prime of their lives.

Transformation — (Cost: 1 Willpower) The Kami has the
power to change its form to something else. The Kami may be
capable of assuming any form, a particular type of form
(animal, plant, mineral), a group of forms (all kinds of felines,
canines, birds, trees, etc.), a single form (Siamese cat, timber
wolf, dove, mahogany tree, etc.) or a small number of com-
pletely different single forms. This power may function just in
the physical world, just in the Umbra or on both.

Umbral Passage — The Kami can roll Gnosis to pass the
Gauntlet, just like a Garou stepping sideways. Most plant hosts
and animate lands do not actually shift their physical essences
into the spirit world; instead, they leave their physical formson

113

nie /


 eeenrras arora renin cere caren ae ore emer Le serene

earth and manifest spirit forms in the Umbra. Sometimes these
spirit forms resemble their earthly forms, making them part of
the Umbral landscape. However, most take on humanoid
forms or at least forms capable of movement.

Universal Translator — The Kami can understand all
languages and can communicate with all living things.

Winter's Blessings — The Kami can cause a large area to
take on the appearance and effects of winter. The Kami causes
plants to wither and die, animals to seek shelter, hibernating
animals to hibernate, ponds to freeze over and the air to fill
with the icy cold of winter. The Kami can create blasts of cold
which can be used as a weapon, similar to Wendigo Gifts
Cutting Wind and Chill of the Early Frost. In addition, the
Kami can sense those who are on the verge of death. Some
Kami with this power can even see into the Dark Umbra.

Wyldkin —The Kamiis inclined towards the powers of the
Wyld. It is capable of creating elements, and it may have the
Charms of Wyldlingspirits, suchas Break Reality. All Wyldling
spirits will sense that the Kami is one of their ownand they will
be inclined towards helping it as long as it does not command
them to act against their instincts, which would require an
opposed Willpowerroll. The Kamicanalsosummon Wyldling
spirits (Charisma + Expression, difficulty 7). One spirit is
summoned per success, and the Kami may command anumber
of Wyldlings spirits equal to it Wits rating.

Kami Characters

This section contains descriptions on each basic type of
Kami. In addition, sample characters of each type are pro-
vided. They may be used as described or modified to fit a
Storyteller's needs, and they also provide examples of Kami
creation.

Plant and Animal Hosts

Plant and animal hosts are plants and animals infused with
the energy and sentience of Gaia. Many possess telepathy and
some can even speak verbally in one or more human tongues.
Some hosts are unusual in appearance (size, coloration, shape,
aroma, or location), though most resemble their normal
counterparts. All plant and animal hosts possess special pow-
ers granted by Gaia.

Jglanotti the Wise

Kami Type: Animal Host (Chipmunk)

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empa-
thy 1, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 2, Leadership 3, Stealth 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5

114

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

LL TY

Powers: Animal Kinship, Animal Powers (Leap of the
Kangaroo, Heightened Senses, Catfeet), Animal Summons
(animals of the forest), Heart Sense, Long-Lived, Mother's
Touch, Silent Speech, Umbral Passage, Universal Translator

Rage 0, Gnosis 10, Willpower 9

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -5

Attacks: Bite (Str + 1 aggravated damage)

Image: Iglanotti looks like a normal chipmunk, and he can
speak fluent English (or any other language).

Roleplaying Hints: [glanottiis often drawn to places where
Gaia's pain is the strongest. He does not take a combative role
except when given no alternative. He is very wise and he
prefers to influence situations through his insight. He can
provide a useful mentor to young Garou seeking to serve
Gaia.

History: Iglanotti is a chipmunk. He is over 120 years old.
Native Americans used to come to him seeking answers to
their problems. Thirty years ago, despite all his efforts, his
forest home was destroyed. He has since ventured across the
globe, befriending those (mostly children) who mightone day
make a difference in the fight for Gaia. He is extremely
powerful, although his form and size suggest otherwise.

Allouwoasowocho, the Oak that Cries

Kami Type: Plant Host (Oak Tree)

Physical: Strength 15, Dexterity 0/2 (when animate),
Stamina 10

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alermess 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-Unge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Stealth 4 (when using Mask Pres-
ence)

Knowledges: Enigmas 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Past Life 5

Powers: Animal Summons (all animals nearby), Animate
Self, Curse of Gaia (fouls up all technology used to destroy the
forest), Lord of the Land, Mask Presence, Piercing Gaze, Plant
Animation

Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-1, -2, -2,-5, -5, Incapaci-
tated

Attack: Branch swat (treat as Punch or Grab)

Image: Allouwoasowocho is a massive oak tree standing
230 feet in height ina large wooded area in Georgia. The trunk
is over six feet across in diameter and has a large number of
powerful branches. The tree serves as home to countless
squirrels and birds. The most unusual feature, however, is that
the tree can emit a moaning sound late at night when no one
is around. When it does so, water trickles out from all over its
surface.

Roleplaying Hints: The Oak that Cries seldom interferes
in human affairs, but it has saved its woodland home, filled
with ancient oaks, from destruction at the hands of lumber


a

Wr -.
7

companiesmany times. Storiesabound concerningthe haunted
tree which stands at the center of the forest.

History: Allouwoasowocho is a sad being. It once took
human form and wandered the land, but it fell in love with an
beautiful Creek woman who died saving it from her people.
The tree still guards the spot where she died, its heart still
longing for its long-dead love.

Mortal Hosts

Mortal hosts are in many ways similar to animal hosts.
However, the spirits of animals are part of the living Umbra,
while the souls of humans go elsewhere after their demise.
Mortal hosts are unusual in that they have spirit-souls capable
of entering the Near Umbra. Mortal hosts are usually more
independent than other Kami, but they can also be the most
effective because they can easily fade in and out of human
society. Johnny Appleseed is a good example of a mortal host
known in folklore.

Billy Beauregard

Kami Type: Mortal Host

Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
ial: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
ess 2, Athletics 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 5
: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 2, Performance 5 (Guitar
and Singing), Repair 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 3, Survival 5

Knowledges: Astrology 3, Botany 4, Enigmas 4, Herbalism
4, Law 4, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Politics 4, Rituals 3,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Contacts 4, Dream 4,
Resources | (donations)

Note: Arcane reduces the Perception of those who attempt
to track him down by 5, and adds + 5 to Billy's Stealth Pool.
Dream allows Billy to gain incredible insight through his
dreams. Dreams serve as his link to Gaia.

Powers: Animal Powers (Speed of Thought, + 3 Stamina),
Aura of Tranquillity, Curse of Gaia (transforms the victim
into an animal of Billy's choosing; victim rolls Willpower
versus a difficulty of 8, failure means the effect is permanent),
Great Destiny, Heart Sense, Mother's Touch, Peaceful Fight-
ing, Mask Presence, Umbral Passage

Rage 0, Gnosis 9, Willpower 10

Health Levels: As a human

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Spirit
Awakening, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of Fertility (Billy uses
this rite to bless wild animals with a healthy pregnancy,
especially those near extinction.)

Image: Billy has unwashed, straight, shoulder-length, dark-
brown hair. He is muscular, but dresses in a way which belies
his physical strength. He wearsa corduroy shirt with a tie-dyed
t-shirt underneath, faded jeans, an old army jacket with a
peace symbol drawn on back and high-top sneakers. He

115


usually wearsa Tampa Bay Buccaneers cap anda gold necklace
with a cross on it.

Roleplaying Hints: Billy is a pacifist. When in danger, he
will only protect himself and will use the minimum amount of
force he feels is necessary. He has no qualms about turning
humans whoare particularly cruel toanimalsinto wolves. Billy
is a Christian who sees Gaia and God as one in the same. He
considers himself a knight errant charged with protecting the
Earth, especially animals.

History: Billy was a normal middle-class kid growing up in
asmall town until he was visited ina dream by angels who told
him of his new powers and duties. He left home at the age of
14 to take up his mission, though he returns a couple of times
each year to make sure his family is okay. He travels the world
saving wild animals from destruction, founding charity orga-
nizations, battling corporations and finding homes for
abandoned puppies. Billy believes he is one of God's specially
chosen agents who must make amends for what humans have
done to the Earth. He truly loves his fellow man and he wants
humanity to survive. He believes that devoting himself to this
cause will buy some time during which humanity will learn the
error of its ways. He has acquired a vast amount of wealth over
the years, but virtually all of it goes to charity. He is afraid of
Garou, and will avoid them if at all possible.

Flesh-Borne Spirit

One of Gaia's most blatant uses of power is the transforma-
tion of spirit into flesh. When powerful Kami are needed in an
emergency, and none are available, Gaia sometimes alters
Wyldlings, elementals and other spirits making them perma-
nently manifest in the real world. These flesh-borne spirits are
very powerful and single-mindedly devoted to their purpose:
service to Gaia. They often have very specific missions. Until
they complete them, they are disbarred from reentering the
Umbra (they cannothave Umbral Passage asa power). Should
they be destroyed on Earth, they return to the Umbra to
Reform. It takes them at least the same length of time they
were on Earth to Reform in the spirit world.

Wyldlings tend to be far more unpredictable and danger-
ous, while elementals and other spirits tend to be more
methodical, though no less powerful. Some Kami of this sort
gain the power to takeona human form. Aswith all Kami, they
are at least the equals of humans in terms of self-awareness and
intelligence.

U'laah

Kami Type: Flesh-borne spirit (Great Vortex)
Physical: Variable

Social: Variable

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 5
Skills: None

Knowledges: Enigmas 4

Backgrounds: None


Sacer eer rete een erent siren ale Lm SL remeron

Powers: Spirit Charms (Airt Sense, Break Reality, Disori-
ent, Reform, Shapeshift)

Rage 8, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8, Power 20

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,-1, -2, -2, -5, -5, Incapacitated

Image: U'laah appears however it wishes to appear, though
usually in a human form of some sort. The form varies without
any consistency or purpose. In its true form, U'laah resembles
a huge, cloudy implosion of energy, solids, liquids and gaseous
matter.

Roleplaying Hints: U'laah does not like humans very
much. It usually ignores them, but if they get in the way, they
are dealt with ina very cursory manner. U'laah is driven by its
task. [t longs to return to the Umbra where it will be free to
roam about as it pleases.

History: U'laah was chosen by Gaia to become flesh-borne
for a very specific task: to find certain individuals and turn
them into different beings. Who or what they are to be turned
into is known only to U'laah and Gaia. Even the method the
spirit will use remains unknown. Perhaps the spirit will use its
powers to reshape the beings into totally new creations.
Perhaps U'laah is planning to reform a Garou into a totally
new Garouor even some other sort of creature. After complet-
ing the task, U'laah will return to the Umbra.

Animate Lands

IfGaia wills it so, entire sections of land can become infused
with sentience. The land acts as one giant creature, with every
plant and animal living on it being part of its body. The earth
isits flesh, the water is its blood, and the air is its breath. Nature
is allowed to take its course, as it should. Often, humans are
evenallowed to farm or live on the Kami, as longas they donot
abuse it. When the Kami acts, all parts of its body act in unison
to carry out the action; therefore, these Kami are very power-
ful. Some animate lands allow Garou to live and hunton them
as long as they serve Gaia. Some say the Red Talons know
many secrets of these Kami, including a rite for awakening
them.

Animate Lands usually regain their Gnosis points at a faster
rate than other Kami, sometimes as much as 3 per hour
(dependent on weather conditions being favorable for the
land's environment).

Chapter Five: Friends

seme eff Acer armarramennannems a

Haunted Bayou

Kami Type: Animate Land (Bayou)

Physical: Not applicable

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: None

Skills: Animal Ken 7

Knowledges: Area Lore 10, Enigmas 5, Garou Lore 3

Powers: Animal Speech, Animal Summons, Child of
Earth, Child of Water, Command the Earth, Curse of Gaia
(cause technology to fail), Heart Sense, Lord of the Land,
Piercing Gaze, Plant Animation, Plant Kinship, Spirit Sense

Rage 5, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10

Image: The Haunted Bayou looks just like any other bayou
most of the time. However, it can make itself deathly quiet or
really loud with the noises of animals, and it can make itself
calm or lively with animal activity. It can also scare most
people with a chilling soft breeze that carries with it bizarre
sounds.

Roleplaying Hints: The Bayou almost never does anything
except guard itself from those who would abuse it. Itsometimes
protects innocents from the Wyrm and often causes Weaver
technologies to malfunction. Those who call the Bayou home
are well protected from all types of harm.

History: Gaia gave the Bayou sentience about four hun-
dred years ago, when Native American tribes accidentally lit
the Bayou on fire during one of their skirmishes. Legend has it
that many strange things roam the Bayou, from ghostly Native
American raiders, to giant alligators large enough to swallow
boats, to lesser Kami who serve the land. Deep in the swamp
late at night, a hermit supposedly performs strange rituals
directed towards feeding the spirit of the land, but what it feeds
the Bayou remains a mystery. A Pentex chemical research
plant was built on the Bayou twelve years ago. The Bayou
awoke in pain from all the chemicals being poured out into
its body. Within two weeks, the plant was destroyed, and
within two years not a trace of the plant remained.

117

|


It's good, as the Stoics tell us, to have tools that are simple to
understand and of a very limited number —so that we may locate
and employ them at a moment's notice. I think the essential tools in
any worthwhile endeavor are incredibly simple. And very difficulty
to master. The task of any artist is not to leam many, many
techniques but to lean the most simple technique perfectly. In doing
so, Stanislavsky told us, the difficult will become easy and the easy

habitual, so that the habitual may become beautiful
— David Mamet, On Directing Film

Sharpen Vour Claws

By Brian Campbell

Werewolf is, simply put, a wonderful game. The job of
the Storyteller is to make it even better. The rulebook
contains all the basics of the game, and the sourcebooks add
to that. There are, however, many other resources to draw

on when preparing for an adventure. Perfecting the art of

Storytelling involves tracking down the right resources,
leaping at the opportunity to learn and tearing into the task
of learning. If you really want to improve your Storytelling,
it's going to take some work. You've got to harry your prey
before you can take it down.

The hunt is on. Sharpen your claws.

Chapter Six: The Ways

[PO ET ST a

Resource 1: Your Players

Becominga better Storytellers. learning process. The first
thing to learn about is your players. The Storyteller does not
run the game alone. The relationship between the Storyteller
and the players is not an adversarial one. The group cooper-
ates, and knowing how to draw your players into the game is

part of making a good story.

Youalready know about the use of the Prelude. Tailoring an

sonalities of your players and occasionally

adventure to the pe
challenging them, is a must. Don't forget, though, that your
players have plenty of things to teach you. Each player brings
real world knowledge into the game, and each gaming group
is a gathering of experience and expertise.

One example is the typical college gaming group. Each
player ina college group has a different major. A drama major

119


|

canteacha lotaboutacting technique; an anthropology major
is extremely valuable for teaching about comparative cultures;
a business major can make an incredible Glass Walker. In
addition, everyone has hobbies. Tying them in to the research
you do for a game can add authenticity. Players love to
volunteer to teach. Try to keep up. If you can lear more about
what your players are willing to teach you, you're on your way
to growing as a Storyteller.

The Werewolf rulebook briefly discusses the option of
troupe-style Storytelling. Your Ragabash player might want to
lead the group ina round of tall tales. Your Ahroun might very
well want to spend more time refining the combat rules than
you do. The Theurge player might run a fantastic Umbral
adventure for an hour or add lots of detail to the rituals at the
local sept. A Galliard player who can actually compose songs,
poetry or stories can make an adventure far more memorable
than can a set of dice rolls (as long as she can do it well. You
might have to cut her some slack). Regardless of whether you
actually rotate Storytellers for the same story, deferring to your
players and encouraging them to add details to the game
enriches the experience for everyone.

Resource 2: B cooks

White Wolf put together rulebooks and sourcebooks to
help players and Storytellers, but they're only one type of
resource. One common mistake I've seen among beginning
Storytellers is the idea that reading more sourcebooks alone
will make them better Storytellers. That's only partly true.
There are other books that can be used.

Your local library is free. Use it. Even if you only have time
toskim, there is more material there foradventures than you'll
find in a whole stack of sourcebooks. Travel guides, encyclo-
pedias, historical accounts, maps and nature books are just a
few examples. There's always something you can learn. (For
instance, how well do you really understand wolves?) If you
know more about your background material, youcanadd more
depth to your stories.

Resource 3: Realia

Bringing materials other than dice and pencils is certainly
an optional part of the game. Although we discourage using
props in Live-Action, having materials present at your table-
top game can make it more fun, and fun is the bottom line in
gaming. Just as a good Storyteller can evoke a story by calling
upon all five senses, the realia you use to augment your game
can make it more enjoyable.

Auditory Realia — The most obvious way to use realia is
through soundtrack. This is a rather length topic to address,
and it has been expounded on before. The same principle
applies to Werewolf. Letting music play softly in the back-
ground can subtly alter the emotions of your players. Exploring
recordings of Native American ceremonies or New Age music
is an adventure in itself. However, as with any other realia,
using it too much can destroy its purpose. The right song is no
substitute for good storytelling. Use sound occasionally, and
choose it wisely.

120

a See

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

OE EE ny

Many players like to get into the idea of asoundtrack as well.
CD's are expensive, so feel free to invite your players to bring
music. The music they bring is another indicator of the types
of adventures they want to have. Try having one player work
as the DJ. This prevents you from having to fumble with the
CD player to cue up the right track for the right scene.

Sound effects are difficult to coordinate, but can do won-
ders. Atmospheric tapes, including live recordings of natural
surroundings, can be useful. The Nature Company is one
example of a place to pick up this type of recording. (For
example, their Tropical Jungle cassette works really well with
Rage Across the Amazon). Just be careful. Listening to the
same spider monkey recording for four games in a row can get
really annoying.

Visual Realia — If you've tracked down books, you prob-
ably have pictures, and one of them really is worth a thousand
words. Describing Central Park, for instance, is much easier if
you actually have pictures of the different locations there.
Movies are another type of visual realia. Playing the right
movie on the VCR before your players gather around the table
can really put them in the proper mood.

Lighting is relatively easy to implement, as long as its used
sparingly. Using candlelight for an hour can scare the hell out
of your players. If you use itall the time, every session, you'll get
sick of squinting to see your dice.

Tactile Realia—This is one way in which the artists of your
group can take part. The pictures of fetishes in the Werewolf
tulebook can give you some examples of items to pass to your
players. A patch of fur, drawings in dirt or even a pile of sticks
can give your players ideas. Again, restraint is necessary. If
you're carving a wooden boat in your backyard for your
"Werewolves and Whalers" adventure, your players will start
to worry about you.

Olfactory Realia — Calm descriptions of a tranquil glade
are quite nice, but the smell of a flower can be more pleasant.
Ifyoucan subtly lighta stick of incense, youcan really freak out
the players on your next Umbra adventure. If you can't be
subtle, they're going to dive for an aerosol can. Also be careful
about how you introduce Wyrm smells...

Gustatory Realia — Yeah, I'll admit I'm a pizza junkie.
Still, if a player in your group can actually volunteer to cook,
your group will be very thankful. What part of the world is your
next adventure set in? What do your players eat while they're
there? Use discretion. If you eat raw hamburger after your
character hunts, you're an idiot, and taking everyone to Taco
Bell before your run of Chaos Factor is just silly.

Live-Action —One more word on Live-Action: it doesn't
have to be entirely separate from your tabletop game. The
Apocalypse has a complete set of rules for Live-Action gam-
ing, but Live-Action doesn't always need rules. One example
of this is the Live-Action cutaway. Getting your players away
from the gaming table for a while can be useful. Having your
players act out a scene of your adventure adds another dimen-
sion to the game.

The three basic safety rules listed in the main rulebook still
apply: No Touch, No Stunts, No Props. Begin by describing


|

the room all of you are in. Some of the players might use their
normal characters, but describing an interaction between one
of the characters and some other people can help add exposi-
tion to your story. Don't worry about tests or challenges.
Letting your players actually act through a scene occasionally
sets a good counterpoint to a tabletop game. Keep it safe, lead
it back to the tabletop and keep it fun.

Resource 4: Jssues

Sure, Werewolf is just a game, but it's also a chance to deal
with real issues. Talking about environmentalism is all well
and good, and running a game where you kill the Wyrm and
heal the Earth can make you feel better, but limiting it to that
is pretty damn shallow. There's a lot more to the issue than
killing the Wyrm, and, as such, there's a lot more to the Garou
than Wyrm killing. There are plenty of organizations that can
give you information about environmental issues. If you really
want to draw emotion from your players, consider the amount
of real-world events on which you can base your stories.
Playing a game is not a substitute for feeling. When it's done
well, it wakes you up and makes you realize, through the
metaphor of a game, the important issues of life. Then you are
empowered to go out and do things correctly in the real world.

I'm not saying that your Werewolf group should be a
recruiting device for your local chapter of Greenpeace. Just be
aware that a story is as important, as relevant, as you want to
make it. Don't club people over the head with morality, but
make sure your players get a chance to think about the ethics
and motivations of their characters. Handling a real-world
problem as an abstraction makes it easier for us to face these
things in the real world. A really good story gains depth and
meaning from real- world issues.

Resource 5: Storytellers

Gamers aren't the only storytellers. The art of telling stories
is at least as old as human civilization. That means there's
already a long tradition of storytelling from which you can
learn. We've said it before: learning about myth and legend
can add more to your game than any set of rules.

There are a number of organizations that are struggling to
preserve the art of telling stories. (The International Order of
E.A.R.S. and the National Association for the Promotion and
Preservation of Storytelling are two major groups.) People
who promote Storytelling advocate something that gamers
believe: The power of a storyteller to make a story come alive
can be just as compelling, if not more so, than any current
story-incarnation from a mass medium. All the bells and
whistles you add can augment your experience, but the heart
of the game is your ability to tell a story.

(For more information about storytelling organizations,
write toE.A.R.S., 12019 Donohue Ave., Louisville, KY 40243
or to N.A-P.P.S., P.O. Box 309, Jonesborough, TN 37659.)

Chapter Six: The Ways

| acca ae a aes /

Feeding

So why go toall the work of extra preparation? What are we
really trying to accomplish? What, exactly, is a good game?

The answer is found through experience. First off, any game
should be fun. Yes, it is just a game. However, as you learn to
run the game, developing your Storytelling is like developing
any other artistic skill. Any experienced Storyteller can recall
a session where everything was perfected. Part of the rush of
beinga Storyteller is your presence at the moment whenastory
is really alive. In defiance of reality, the story — not the game,
but the story — draws in everyone so completely that the
normal world is set aside for a few moments. Those moments
aren't simple escapism. They're cathartic. They're sheer bliss.
Areally good game demonstrates the perfection ofan art form,
and it makes all the hard work worthwhile. Any really good
Storyteller hungers for those moments.

Finding resources to draw upon and learning as part of your
preparation helps you find those moments. Stalking that goal
is an emotional process, but the thrill is well worth the hunt.

You've picked up the scent by now. Your claws are sharp-
ened. Your prey is moving. Go out there and catch it.

New Gifts

The following are Level Six Gifts, some of the most

e fora Garou
this power.
x, although

powers unknéwn in
Only Incarna

will almost always demand a favor or quest before granting the
knowledge. (The same is true of the Sixth Level Gift: Renew
the Cycle, given in the Werewolf Players Guide, pg. 43)

* Break the Bonds (Level Six Philodox and Galliard) —
This Gift allows a Garou to break any bonds holding her,
whether mental or physical. This includes all manner of mind
control, whether by a mage Sphere or vampiric Blood Bond.
The Garou can use this Gift to break the bond even though her
master may demand her not to. However, she may not seek out
aspirit to teach this Gift if she is commanded otherwise. Thus,
this Gift is most often awarded toa Garou asa return for service
toan Incama or equally powerful spirit who is well aware of the
Garou's unnatural servitude.

System: The Garou is effectively immune to supernatural
coercion and can easily break any physical bonds holding her
(she has the equivalent of Strength 15 for doing so). When
used to stop such coercion on others, the Garou must spend a
Gnosis point and roll Manipulation + Leadership against a
difficulty 6. Only one success is required. Also, the Garou can
break another's physical bindings as if she possessed Strength 15.

121


ea ENAMEL ALE renee

© Firebringer (Level Six Ragabash) — This amazing Gift
allows a Ragabash — the trickster of Garou society — to steal a
power or ability from another being and tum it into a Garou Gift,
teachable to others.

System: The Ragabash must first be the victim of the power he
wishes to steal (i.e., come under vampiric Domination, be affected
byamagerote, etc.). Ifhe survives, hecan take what he has learned
and teach it to others. However, he cannot use the new power
himself! In addition, anytime thereafter the original power is used
against him, it isat one difficulty less —he isconsidered vulnerable
to it.

Even Wyrm-tainted powers can be stolen (fomori powers,
Black Spiral Gifts, etc.); the Ragabash's sacrifice is enough to
cleanse them of their taint. In this way, the work of the Wyrm can
be directly turned against It.

The exact natureand system of the new Giftis entirely up tothe
Storyteller. It takes only about an hour for the Ragabash to teach
the Gift (as ifhe were a spirit). The Storyteller is free to use powers
given in any other Storytelling games.as the bases for new Gifts, as
long as the character is willing to risk all to steal that knowledge.
Ragabash willing to do something so selflessly for the community
are very rare; one that does should gain much Renown for her feat.

* Rebirthing (Level Six Theurge) — This most holy and
rare of Gaia's Gifts enables the Garou upon his death to be
instantly reincarnated in the body of a newborn cub living
within 2,000 miles of where the Garou died. The reincarna-
tion is most often of the same breed as the Garou had in his
former life, but it can be into another breed — even metis —
if the only newborn within range is not of the original breed.
Ifthere are nonewborn cubs in range within one turning of the
moon from the moment of death, then the Garou isnot reborn
and goes where all Garou go upon death.

System: The cub will nothave any of the memoriesand powers
of the original Garou until after the First Change, whereupon he
will grow into them. Sucha cub, when discovered, will be guarded
and protected fiercely by all Garou until he fully comes into his
former powers (in addition to any new powers gained). He must
regain his old rank in the same manner as all cubs (step by step),
and will only rememberhisold powersup through hiscurrentrank.
When he gains another Rank level, he will then rememberall the
powers of that level. However, he will not retain knowledge of this
Gift, and must lear itagain (and few spirits will be willing to teach
ita second time).

© Unstoppable Warrior (Level Six Ahroun) — A Garou
who uses this potent Gift can regenerate aggravated damage.
This works against all attacks except those from silver weap-
ons.

System: Each turn, roll Stamina + Primal-Urge against a
difficulty 8; if successful, then spend one point of Rage per
Health Level healed (much like a vampiric Blood Pool). The
Garou cannot attack in the same turn, unless he has the Level
Three Ahroun Gift: Combat Healing (see Werewolf Player
Guide, pg. 38)

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

LL TE ET

New Rite

ite of the Sparrow (Level Four
Mystical)

The Rite of the Sparrow is performed when the Garou of a
sept or pack wish to provide aid or support to a Garou of their
number who is currently on a quest of some sort. The Garou
performing the rite can only see his target when the questing
Garou is traveling within one of the Umbras or is within sight
of water. In order to perform the rite, the ritemaster must dip
asmall bird's feet (usually a sparrow's) into a mixture of blood
and ashes. The ritemaster then dabs some of the same mixture
onto the Garou before she embarks on her quest. The ritemaster
then settles into a trance from which he can watch the
questor's progress. If the questing Garou is injured or is
otherwise in need of aid, the ritemaster may draw on his own
strength and the strength of any other Garou who have
participated in the ritual to aid their companion. This aid can
come in the form of healing, Gnosis or the transfer of an object
tothe questor. When such help is given, the ritemaster releases
the marked sparrow into the air. More than one sparrow may
be used during a given rite.

System: The rite requires the expenditure of one Gnosis
point to create the bond. An additional Gnosis point must be
spent whenever any help is granted the questor. Only one act
can be performed per sparrow freed. In addition, any healing
done does damage to the ritemaster or another designated
ritual participant. Thus, the damage is actually transferred, not
healed. The same is true for Gnosis. Additionally, the Garou
participating in the rite must have the object they wish to
transfer with them. Placing the sparrow on the object initiates
its transfer.

Fetish Artifacts

There are some truly ancient and magnificent objects of
power that cannot be considered normal fetishes, even level
five fetishes. These artifacts are jealously guarded by their
Garou holders and are solemnly handed down to each succes-
sive generation. Sometimes, even the existence of the artifact
is kept secret, as the item is hoarded away for the coming day
when it must be reactivated in the battle of the Apocalypse.

Below are just some of the hallowed items. Storytellers are
encouraged to create their own:

Earth Rattle

Level 8, Gnosis 7

This turtle shell rattle appears as nothing more than a
Native American artifact — but looks are deceiving. It is in
fact one of the few remaining items of power belonging to the
Croatan tribe. The mere shaking of the rattle (along with a
successful activation roll) is enough to cause massive earth-
quakesoverthe entire region, leveling buildingsand swallowing


whole streets. The number of successes gained on the activa-
tion roll determines the mileage of the quake (1-mile radius
per success). Obviously, the quake will cause damage inesti-
mable in simple dice roll terms. This rattle has not been shaken
since the death of the Croatan. It is said that the rattle
temporarily awakens the Turtle, totem of the Croatan, on
whose back the very Earth is said to rest.

Elder Stone

Level 7, Gnosis 8

This small rock is said to be a chip from the ancient stone
at Table Rock, the mythical site where the Garou came
together ages ago to form the Litany. It has powers to
enforce the rulings made there, and any bearing it will be
given voice in any moot. When activated, the bearer can
roll Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 6) to give any com-
mand and have it obeyed by any Garou who hears it — even
Black Spiral Dancers. Victims can make a resisted Will-
power roll at difficulty 6. The command cannot cause a
Garou to violate the Litany, however. The rock also gives
+2 to the bearer's soak Dice Pool — even against silver or
radiation.

Klaital's Tears (Calen)

Gnosis 8

These small, unidentifiable gems are said to be the
crystallized tears of Klaital, the first Stargazer, shed as he
wept with Harano on his journey to the end of the world.
They dried up and crystallized as he past them on his
triumphant return from despair. Each tear, when activated,
willonce again become salty water and exude such a feeling
of despair to all nearby that everyone must make a Will-
power roll, difficulty of the talen's Gnosis (8) or else fall
into Harano. These tears are extremely rare, and are be-
lieved to have all been collected by the Stargazers and
hidden away.

Seed of the World Tree (Talen)

Gnosis 8

This small seed (most often oak, but sometimes of another
species) isan actual seed of the World Tree, the first tree grown
by Gaia and the tree which sheltered the first Children of Gaia
cubs, given new life by the Mother. When carefully planted
and activated, the seed will grow (over time) to be an incred-
ibly strong and powerful tree, exuding an aura of peace and
courage. All who live near it will be affected by these emotions.
While still a sapling, the tree will need guarding, for minions
of the Wyrm will try to uproot it, but once it has grown to 10
years in age, it can defend itself, for it has become an animate
plant Kami (see Chapter Five). These seeds are so rare as to be
thought of as mere myths, but it is said that they can still be
sought in the far reaches of the Umbra, in areas where they
have blown but can grow no roots. All Child of Gaia believe
it their duty to return such seeds to be planted in the Earth.

2 eevee eae wa SCM a rer remorse

Sacer rere pena Sar ere AFL re ren

ee in Spirit: The
Making of a Fetish

And the great master Theur; €aks-Without-Speaking
stood over his fallen cor -of-Chains, at the gates
of Malfeas. Breaker-of-Q

e Theurge had
mey. "I will...
..- Iwill still

tied

closed hiseyes, wi fHe howled
with triumph as hee ‘ed husk of his
dying body and sing into straight, hard, sharp steel. Everlasting

steel!

Then, the great Ahroun Accolon held the new Grand Klaive
high, the only point of light in that foul land...

— From The Cycle of the Enigma Running Pack

Fetishes represent the ultimate marriage of the spiritual
with the material. They are power made manifest in this world
through attunement and the indwelling of spirit.

Being especially sacred to the Garou, fetishes are usually
always handled with the utmost respect (even by Ragabash,
who forsome reason rarely break a fetish but occasionally have
problems with losing them). The Garou hold that creating a

fetish isan honorable, even glorious event. They also carefully
guard the knowledge of fetish creation from all but their most
wise Theurges, lest the knowledge slip into the foul hands of
the Black Spiral Dancers. Still, the Black Spiral Dancers have
created their own tainted, twisted version of the rite.

Asa Storyteller, you should make learning the Rite of the
Fetish a major milestone in a Garou's life, not unlike that of a
human's graduating from law school or medical school. Of
course, talens are another matter altogether; talens are easily
made and many Theurges are required to make them to show
their knowledge of spirits and how they relate to the material
world (using the Rite of Binding). Many tribes require those
who would be fetish makers to go through a rigid testing and
cleansing in preparation for their new responsibilities.

However, once the rite itself is learned, the crux of creating
a new fetish is simple: a spirit comes to inhabit an object,
through the Rite of the Fetish. The planning, preparation,
questing, negotiation and finishing of the fetish is the hard part
of the process—and each phase must be followed correctly lest
the ritualist creates a cursed fetish.

Fetish Creation Phases

Throughout this section optional systems are offered for
each phase. If you are not comfortable Storytelling every
ou may simply require the rolls to

nuance of this proces
ch phase between each game session.

be made, one for e
This will mean that you don't have to worry about bogging
down your main story line if all a character wants to do is
make a Harmony Flute or some other level one fetish in her
spare time, or if you're concerned about giving the charac-
ter too much attention in the story. Keep notes on how the
characters progress through the process and make sure you
give the proper modifiers for each roll

Planning

The ritualist must plan what she wants the fetish to do.
She goes to the elders she trusts and asks them how to go
about it: she consults spirits, her Totem, the members of her
Auspice and even on some occasions, ancient texts.

The Uktena will often borrow a fetish of the same
general kind and spend days and days meditating over it. A
Fianna artificer must sit through story after story from their
elders (often accompanied by providing round after round
of drinks). The Shadow Lords must always have full disclo-
sure about the nature of the fetish and will often have
someone else do the Planning and Preparation phases so
that the ritualist doesn't know exactly how to duplicate the
fetish.

Storytelling the Planning Phase

All in all, you should require that the character who is
making the fetish gain as much information as possible
about how to constructit. As well, this isa good time for you
to require the player to write down exactly what powers he
is trying to put into the fetish.

|


Sere re een core ere coe ar ener en rem marrrenamnrarenh

Examine the powers of the fetish. Are they very com-
plex? Fetishes don't tend to be incredibly complex; even
the Glass Walker fetishes are fairly straightforward. This is
because a fetish must be powered by a single spirit. Now, it's
possible to make a fetish and then turn around and add
another fetish attached to the first fetish. It is even possible
to make the two work together, but all of this must be
planned out in advance. You can't decide later to add
another fetish.

If the fetish is too complex or doesn't fit the Garou's
paradigm (the obvious examples are a Wendigo making a
techno-fetish, ora Glass Walker making a Wyld one), then
you may disallow it. You can warn the player either directly,
or through roleplaying of the disapprobation and advice of
the elders: they will be against the idea of the fetish and will
not help the Garou plan it. Of course, the Wyrm is always
willing to help a Garou in need; you may be able to corrupt
a Garou by offering him the wisdom he needs for that killer
fetish he's designing.

At this point, decide what level the fetish is going to be;
this helps remind the player of the power of the fetish and
reminds you of how difficult it will be to make the item. A
level one fetish is almost everyday jewelry while a level five
fetish is a very powerful item indeed. You can use the level
of fetishes found in Werewolf supplements as a guide to
what level the new fetish should be.

Systems (Optional)

The ritualist rolls Manipulation + Rituals against the
Willpower of the highest rank elder that the character
speaks to, or you may simply set the difficulty at 7. A botch
indicates wrong information is given out and all subsequent
rolls are at + 2 difficulty at best, and at worst (particularly
in the case of making a level five fetish), the project is
ruined from the start. A failure on the roll indicates that the
character is rebuffed or set back and must repeat the
Planning phase. For each success, decrease the difficulty of
the Preparation roll (next phase).

Preparation

The preparation phase involves gathering all the mun-
dane materials for the fetish. It is alsoa time for purification,
meditation and quiet reflection. A Garou must not be out
slaying the Wyrm unless they can somehow maintain this
contemplative state while doing so. (Don't laugh: this is
not a problem for many Stargazers!)

The Uktena believe that, if a fetish is meant to be, the
materials will come to them — either by coincidence or
spiritual provenance. Many Uktena have awoken by dawn's
light and discovered the right feather or proper stone laying
next to their heads. The Children of Gaia believe that a
fetish must be carried for a year and a day to prepare it, and
many Children wear bags with their fetishes-to-be close to
their hearts. The Get of Fenris believe that a fetish cannot
be considered prepared unless it is doused in a bowl of the

Chapter Six: The Ways

LE TE

ritualist's blood. The Bone Gnawers consider it a great
honor to be allowed to dig in their elder's Stuffpile to look
for fetish materials.

Storytelling the Preparation Phase

This is another place where you, the Storyteller, can turn
the making of the fetish into a story. Requiring special
materials or strange purification or spiritual preparations
can either last for a scene or take up an entire story. Make
sure that these preparations equal the complexity and
power of the fetish.

Systems (Optional)

The ritualist rolls Intelligence + Streetwise, Survival,
Occult, or Enigmas depending on the nature of the fetish as
determined by the Storyteller. The difficulty is the poten-
tial level of the fetish plus three (level + 3): a level five
fetish would be difficulty 8. A botch on the roll means the
entirely wrong materials are gathered or that the ritualist
has become tainted in some way. Unless this is detected the
project could go on without the character realizing it; if it
is noticed, then the character must start over at the begin-
ning. If the roll fails, the character is frustrated at a lack of
materials or is unable to get in the proper frame of mind to
cleanse herself spiritually; she must repeat this phase. Each
success subtracts from the difficulty of the Questing phase
roll.

Questing

After planning and preparing, the ritualist must now set
out on a quest to locate the proper spirit. The Garou often
travels into the Umbra hunting just the right spirit on
advice from her elders or through direction given by vision
quests, Gifts or other sources of wisdom. The more powerful
Theurges decide instead to attempt to summon the proper
spirit to them; their preparation includes discovering what
sort of lure to use on summoning the spirit. Whatever the
case, the Garou must locate the spirit necessary to the
empowerment of the fetish she is seeking.

The Uktena Theurges make it a practice to bind spirits
they find interesting; they use these bound spirits as trading
tokens between each other, and many Uktena come by the
proper spirit in this fashion. The Glass Walkers have been
known to jealously guard those techno-spirits who can
make technology do amazing things, although they will
often sell or barter a bound techno-spirit for high dollar or
valuable boons. The Black Furies feel that binding spirits
for the purpose of later turning them into fetishes is a
distasteful practice: they always hunt for their spirits, even
for the ones that go into their talens. Of course, the Furies
also know the dangers of fetish creation; they have seen too
many botched and cursed fetishes pass through their claws
not to be wise to their ways.


|

Storytelling the Questing Phase

As a Storyteller, use common sense here. If the first two
steps were done exceedingly well (and you gotalotof story play
from it) you may wish to go easy on the ritualist with this step.
After all, if you drag this out much longer your Garou may
despair of ever accomplishing it. You must give the player
encouragementalong the way. However, if it isa very powerful
fetish she is seeking, don't be afraid to make her go far and wide
searching out the proper spirit. She may have to perform a
service foran Incarna or fora Totem in order to meet the spirit.

As well, the spirit must be of an affinity equal to the task of
the fetish: if the spirit is a spirit of healing, it can't reasonably
be used in a war fetish unless you can somehow tur it around
and convince to hurt instead of heal. A spirit of fire can't make
a fetish which hides you — the spirit burns too bright. The
Storyteller can decide that a unique spirit must be located —
aCity Father Jaggling or some kind of Net-Spider for example,
in which case no amount of summoning will work — you can't
summon what you don't know youshould have. Of course, this
information should have come out in the Planning phase.

Systems (Optional)

The player decides whether she wishes to hunt for the spirit
or summon it. If she wishes to hunt for it, she rolls Perception
+ Enigmas versus the level of the fetish plus three (level + 3).
A botch means she attracts a Wyrm or Weaver spirit that
appears to be the same kind of spirit she's looking for. A failure
means that she fails to locate the proper spirit and must try
again (next game session). Success adds no bonus, but if a
number of successes equaling the power level of the fetish are
received then the character discovers a very appropriate
candidate who is already predisposed towards the character.
The spirit begins at Curious on the Acceptance track when
negotiation begins.

If the player is summoning a spirit, use the systems for the
Rite of Summoning, given in the Werewolf rulebook. This
isn't always preferable, as many spirits are annoyed at being
summoned for this purpose.

Below is a chart which describes how powerful the spirit
must be to equal the power level of the fetish:

Fetish Level Spirit Type

Levell-3  Gaffling

Level 4 Jaggling

Level 5 Totem Avatar (such as a Pack Totem) or

Garou spirit

Negotiation

After finding the proper spirit, one must now get it to agree
to enter the fetish. This is quite difficult. What if someone
came to you and asked you to be locked up in a tiny room for
the rest of your existence, doing only one thing over and over
at the service of anyone who entered the room? Naturally, it's
not something that spirits want to do ona lark. Still, the spirits
of Gaia believe that the Garou are the holy warriors of Gaia

126 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

a ee a nee (/

and many of them wish to serve the Garou in whatever fashion
they can. Also, it's not known for sure what sort of life they
have while dwelling within a fetish. Some Theurges believe
they have a mystic connection to a higher, more powerful
spirit (or to Gaia), and when bound in a fetish can experience
the physical world in way not normally possible for them.
The Fianna have made pacts with spirits in the past
requiring them to be released after 100 years of servitude. This
is not always enforced and many Fianna fetishes occasionally
turn nasty when their terms of service run out and they are not
released. The Bone Gnawers will often try touse guilt tocoerce
a spirit into serving them, or suitably butter the spirit up by
proclaiming its great power: "Oh, great spirit! [ couldn't help
but notice how strong and powerful you were! Oh, my! How
your flame burns hot! Couldn't you see your way clear to
sharing your fire with this Bic lighter fora few hundred years?"

Storytelling the Negotiation Phase

You may simulate all the rolls given below by properly
Storytelling the negotiation process. Keep in mind that spirits

will only very rarely wish to enter into a fetish. If the spirit is
obviously willing, it still must overcome fear of the Garou
before it can give itself to the fetish. The only exception to this
tule is to the use of Garou spirits in fetishes, such as in the
example from the Cycle of the Enigmas Running Pack given at
the beginning of this section. Garou spirits enter a fetish with
no negotiation required, if their last wish is to do so (and only
a dying wish will allow this).

A Garou's spirit entering a fetish is a rare and wonderful
event, one that should be the climax of an entire chronicle.
Just because a character may be dying does not guarantee she
has the will or the spiritual understanding to properly enter a
prepared fetish and empower it, and the Rite of the Fetish must
be performed by someone else before the Garou is dead. Not
all such fetishes become self-aware things, and some of these
Garou-spirit fetishes are easily tainted by the Wyrm. The
practice of placing a Garou's spirit within a fetish is a blasphe-
mous one to the Silver Fangs, who feel that the spirit should
be free to return to Gaia again — although the number of
Silver Fang heroes wielding ancestral spirit Grand Klaives is a
silent testament to how they truly feel.

Systems (Optional)

In order to get a spirit to enter a fetish willingly, the Garou
must convince it to do so. This is done by slowly wearing away
at the spirit's resolve, calling its attention to its duty to Gaia,
offering it bribes, taking on Geasa and threatening it.

When a Garou suggests that a spirit enter a fetish, the spirit
willusually be very skeptical of the Garou's intent. It's reaction
will change as the Garou works on it. The accompanying
sidebar shows the stages of acceptance that the spirit usually
goes through. Encountered spirits vary widely as to their initial
stage, but most are either Wary or Neutral. The ritualist's first
actions will determine whether the spirit initially goes up or
down on the scale.


Serre ew a: aerenine ns area ore ars aaron recnunrurmam meer

If the spirit has been summoned with the Rite of Summon-
ing, the number of successes the ritualist gets determines the
stage of the spirit when itarrives (see also Rite of Summing, pp.
145-146 in the Werewolf Second Edition rulebook).

Once the spirit reaches Committed, it is ready to enter the
fetish. The Garou can move the spirit down the track to
Committed in the following ways:

Call to Duty: The Garou may use the Gift Call to Duty as
a means of advancing the spirit down one stage.

Oratory: The Garou may try to orate, cajole or otherwise
talk the spirit into serving her or Gaia by entering the fetish.
The Garou rolls Charisma + Leadership (optionally Expres-
sion); the difficulty is the spirit's Willpower. If successful, the
spirit moves one stage down the track for each success. A
failure means that other means of negotiation must be used. A
botch means the spirit goes immediately to Angry/Upset (or
to attacking if the spirit is already angry or upset); spirits don't
necessarily like to be reminded of their place in Gaia's Plan.

Offering Bribes: The Garou may offer the spirit bribes of
various kinds by feeding it Gnosis, showing it the beautiful
fetish she has for it, or in some other means of spiritual
currency. The roll for this is Manipulation + Streetwise; the
difficulty is 9 minus the level of the fetish (9 - level). Many
spirits are honored to be part of a powerful, level five fetish,
although few are interested in being stuck in a level one fetish
for ages. The Garou must actually produce the bribe in order
for this to work, but for every success on the roll, the spirit is
advanced up one stage toward Commitment.

Geasa: Some Garou offer to take on Geasa if the spirit will
do as she asks. This means that the Garou will swear to do or
not to do something, usually in affinity with the spirit in
question. For example, a Garou negotiating with a tree spirit
might take on a Geasa that she will never again chop down a
tree. Sometimes Wyld spirits will demand silly or demeaning
Geasa, such as forcing a Garou to wear a certain shade of green
all the time or making the Garou dance whenever a certain
word is mentioned. Geasa are usually considered to either be
Minor Geasa or Major Geasa, depending on their nature and

# of successes Stage Effects

1 Hostile

Fetish Making: Stages of Spirit Acceptance

The spirit is angry, upset or insulted that you asked. One more mistake in negotiations and it may
attack! Essentially, any step down in the stages from this point means that the spirit either flees
or attacks, depending on the situation and type of spirit.

duration. Some Geasa cause an automatic loss in either Honor
or Glory or even Wisdom, when they are initially accepted,
but later begin toadd Wisdom and Honor to the Garouas long
as they are consistently adhered to. The elders believe that you
should honor any pacts you make with spirits.

There is no roll for Geasa. Fora Major Geasa, the Garoucan
move the spirit down three stages on the Acceptance Track.
For a Minor one, the Garou can move the spirit down one
stage. Note that a Garou who violates the Geasa will find that
the fetish suddenly becomes cursed, as the spirit within takes
its vengeance.

Geasa are useful for getting spirits to do all kinds of things;
spirits like having an affect on the Realm in some small way,
and love commanding Garou (for a change!).

Some examples of Minor Geasa are: never entering a door
of a particular color, always wearing a specific token (such as
a hat or button), never eating a particular kind of meat, never
speaking the spirit's name aloud, always wearing a particular
color.

Some examples of Major Geasa are: performing a sacrifice,
getting tattoo or brand, swearing an oath, agreeing to a quest
or sacred journey, agreeing to adopt a new name (thereby
giving up your old name), freeing another captive spirit.

The Geasa requested by the spirit will often be something
in line with the spirit's affinity and will be something which is
easily verifiable and (except in the case of certain enigma-
spirits) easy to understand.

This often explains why so many Theurges adopt strange
superstitions and customs — although some Theurges use the
social excuse of Geasa to get out of certain mundane duties or
as a means of avoiding specific foods or places.

Threats: Ultimately, however, Garou are the chosen War-
riors of Gaia, and they have the right to demand assistance
from Her spirits. The ritualist may threaten the spirit, rolling
Charisma or Manipulation + Intimidation against the spirit's
Willpower. If the roll is a botch, the spirit immediately flies
into a rage and either attacks or flees. If the roll fails, the spirit

The spirit doesn't appear to be listening to the Garou's pleas, yet it is still present and doesn't

appear to be angry.

e spirit wants to

still not go for it. This is when many Garou take on Geasa to convince it further (see Geasa, below).

Chapter Six: The Ways


laughsand moves one up in acceptance stages, and the ritualist
must roll against a frenzy. If the roll succeeds, the spirit moves
down one stage for every success — but threat cannot move
a spirit to Committed without the risk of a cursed fetish. A
spirit can decide to curse a fetish at any point it feels
threatened. It is said that the Uktena have devised a Gift
which allows them to threaten spirits into entering fetishes
without fear of curses, although this Gift, if known, is not
widely taught.

Executing the Rite

After all this, you should be ready to finish the fetish.
The character performs the Rite of the Fetish using all of
herpreparation, planning, and the spirit involved. You may
wish to give the fetish to the character if she has been
through all the steps and done exceedingly well at each one.
Otherwise, the player must still make a roll.

A Few Final Thoughts

Fetishes are very rare and valuable things: they should
not be easily found. If you play your cards right, you can
make the creation of a fetish into something that is beau-
tiful and epic in scope. Although this system has been
provided to you, please don't feel as though you have to
abide by it one-hundred percent. It is meant to be a loose
framework to guide your thinking about how you can bring
fetish creation into your chronicle in a dynamic and story-
fruitful fashion. Don't forget to give the proper amount of
Renown to anyone who completes the process; they've
certainly earned it.

Simple Lessons
By William Spencer-Hale

With the heart and mind united in a single, perfect sphere
— Rush, "Hemispheres"

It seems like only yesterday that my best friend's father
purchased Dungeons and Dyafmg® as a means of keeping us
off the streets. AppreherGivély, | glanced through the book
so as to.gain enoughginfdtmatfong® play and,this task
completed, praGgeded toa F a

Although w:
game, ie, ie fe

experieng&a: . ipething won-
derfulblasgomted in ght Worlds which never
knew @xistedv fone toleXploreind gain
wisdom from. Pwill néver Peggét that night, it'will remain
in my memory as a sort of birthing, the time when I cast
aside my old self to make way for the new. That night I
learned of the power that the imagination held and I have
wielded it fiercely and proudly ever since. It remains one of
my fondest memories.

After I had played for many years, things became com-

monplace, almost boring. The monsters were the same with


|

each encounter, the villains were always dry and lacked
depth and true character. Even those whom I played with
became stagnant in their characters. Each one seeming no
more than a mirror image of the last intrepid dragon slayer.
Everything that I had fallen in love with had become dull
and lifeless. Before long, I found myself becoming uninter-
ested in the hobby I once found so much joy in and,
accordingly, I lost the desire to play.

It wasn't until some years later when my brother decided
he would begin a tragic campaign set in a world of his own
creation that I begrudgingly decided to play again. We had
asmall group, only four, and we set about the task of rolling
up new characters for this incredible adventure that my
brother had spent so much time boasting about. I thought
his game would be nothing but a means to waste a few hours
of time and perhaps relive a few old memories. I expected
nothing more. How wrong I was.

With the greatest of ease, he reopened the door to my
imagination, allowing me to see the world as I once had. He
made me once again realize just how much | enjoyed
roleplaying and in so doing, revived in me the desire to play
as oftenas I once had. The most amazing part was the simple
way in which he did this. What he added to the game was
something that should have been there all along, but few
had thought to add. Human emotion.

His non-player characters were more than statistics
scratched on a piece of paper. They had depth and feeling,
desires and goals. They seemed real, as if you could almost
reach out and touch them. This in turn made his players,
myself included, more empathic to the atmosphere of the
game, making us all more a part of what was going on. At
times, almost making us believe that we were really there.
The characters in that game were Dyr, Grom, Ech'myrr and
Stormwolf, and they not only saved the world but saved my
faith in roleplaying as well. I've played many games since
then, but few have been a better vehicle for this type of
three-dimensional roleplaying than Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse.

The lessons learned from that game made me understand
what I had been missing. There is more to roleplaying than
slaying the dragon, saving the princess and stealing the
treasure. As with all things, the human side to this hobby
is often overlooked. Give the players something to strive for

Chapter Six: The Ways

besides the goal of the adventure. Present them with non-
player characters that have all the depth and ambition
found in real life. After all, isn't roleplaying a shadow of our
own reality?

When you present players with a three-dimensional
world they will respond by playing three-dimensional char-
acters. This will make the game more enjoyable for all
involved and will also make the game much easier to run
due to the interaction level. Inspire your players with more
than treasure and glory or even survival. Inundate them
with personas which will make them think and feel. Give
them allies that they will feel loyal to, enemies that they
will not only hate but will respect as well and maybe even
sympathize with. Give them the opportunity to realize that
their enemy is more than a faceless horror who serves only
to thwart their plans. Let them understand their foes and,
in so doing, understand more of themselves and their
characters' goals. Evil is not always black and white.

There is also another emotion which will spur your
players to become more deeply involved in the game. Love.
There is no emotion more inspiring than this. Give charac-
ters family and comrades they can cling tightly to. Afterall,
in Werewolf, your Kinfolk are everything. Supply the
characters with allies who will help them to make their
characters more than numbers and dice rolls. Also, present
them with a love interest. Someone who is interested in
their success and failure, someone who will provide them
with the ability to see beyond their own character's desires
and thus, will help to add that extra dimension to their
characters and the game. This will make the game more
enjoyable and memorable for all involved.

In short, make the game world as multifaceted as the real
world. Give the character every opportunity to experience
life full circle, to rise above the constraints of the character
sheet and live and breath in the imagination of the player.
This will make the game quite memorable and just might
teach the players a few lessons about themselves as well.
Roleplaying, like life, requires more than a goal. The path
that is followed to achieve an end requires that we celebrate
each moment as it comes and, in doing so, learn of the
wonders that surround us. This is a lesson for which I will
be forever grateful.

129

|


ere eran / ner MaRS Sodermhtent are: one eevee emma renee sear

Tribal Weaknesses
(Optional)

An optional rule was introduced in the first of the
Werewolf Tribebooks: tribal weaknesses. These are quirks
each member of a particular tribe possesses, usually due to
the social or even genetic nature of a tribe. Weaknesses
should not always be enforced. There are some situations
where a Bone Gnawer may not suffer a higher difficulty on
Social rolls. These situations may be rare, but they can
occur. For instance, Black Furies suffer from an inborn
anger against men, but a Black Fury may not feel anger
towards a man with whom she has a trusting relationship.

It is up to the Storyteller to enforce these rules when an
appropriate situation occurs in the game. A player may be

unwilling to remind a Storyteller that her Uktena's curios-
ity will get her into trouble. Here is a list of all the tribal

weaknesses and the reasons for them.

Black Furies

Anger: -1 difficulty for frenzies against men

The Black Furies seethe with an age-old anger against
Man. For too long, Woman has borne the brunt of his
desires and whims. No longer... the Black Furies are fight-

ing back.

Appendix

OLE A

Bone Gnawers

Social Outcasts: +1 difficulty on all Social rolls involv-
ing other tribes

The Bone Gnawers are the scapegoats of Garou society
Alternatively scorned and ridiculed, they survive when
even their own kind mocks them.

Children of Gaia

Weak Veil: Witnesses at +5 on Delirium Chart

The Children of Gaia do not cause as severe a Delirium
reaction in humans who see them in Crinos form. Give all
witnesses a +5 on the Delirium Chart (the worst reaction is
"Conciliatory").

with all these weaknesses, however, the Storyteller

can decide that there are some situations where they are not
effective. Thus, a Child of Gaia should never depend on
this, since she could, in certain extreme situations, still
send humans into paroxysms of fear.

Fianna

Low Self-Control: +1 difficulty for Willpower rolls

The Fianna often find it hard to rule their own passions.
They ride the emotional waves of anger, giddy joy and
melancholia. Most find it hard to govern themselves enough
to shake these moods off at a whim.

131

|

2 ree rare ee care nr A ve aL reer wrensenerenreh

Get of Fenris

Intolerance

Each Get of Fenris has something she hates, one thing she
will not tolerate. In situations where this object of contempt
is near, she will be unable to endure its presence and will do
everything in her power to rid herself of the annoyance. If this
object of intolerance is a fellow Garou, then woe be it unto
him...

The player may either define a specific Intolerance for her
character (with the Storyteller's approval) or choose from the
list below. Wyrm creatures may not be chosen — all Get are
expected to hate such monstrosities as a matter of course.

* Cowardice — You hate cowardice in all its forms,
whether it is fear of the battlefield or fear to stand up to others
in social situations. You openly scorn those you deem cow-
ardly. If you ever go into a fox frenzy, you will turn your hate
inward, and must do everything possible to make up for your
act of cowardice, becoming quite reckless in the process.

© Compromise — You hate to compromise; it is a tactic for
those who are not strong enough to get their way. You scorn
those who practice such tactics regularly (such as the Glass
Walkers and the Children of Gaia) and you must never
compromise in a situation. Your way must be enforced. If a
leader forces you to compromise, that is acceptable, but you
will begin to doubt that leader's ability to rule.

Lower Animals — You have only contempt for creatures
lower than you on the food chain. Such creatures are meant to
bekicked around by yourkind. This includes humansand even
wolves. While you believe it is your duty to defend them to a
degree (such is Gaia's will), you will not accept condescension
or insubordination from them. A grave insult froma human is
enough to drive you toward frenzy.

‘e when

* Peaceniks — You despise those who speak of pea
war is the proper response. War tempers the warrior and
prepares him to fight against the Wyrm as the Apocalypse
approaches. Yes, there are times for peace, but when attacked,
you must strike back. Never turn the other cheek.

¢ Weakness— You hate weakness in others, whether that's
a lack of physical strength or a lack of backbone. You will
openly scorn those youdeem weak and will never tolerate such
qualities in yourself. You can only be merciful when there is a
risk involved, achance that it could lead to danger; otherwise,
mercy is the hallmark of those too weak to punish criminals
(whether they are servants of the Wyrm or Garou).

© Weaver Stuff — You hate all things of the Weaver,
especially technology. You may even feel that Klaives bear too
much of her taint; only claws and fangs would then be pure
enough. You especially despise the Glass Walkers and all
Urrah. You must never willingly use technology when more
traditional means will do.

Glass Walkers

Weaver Affinity: Cannot regain Gnosis in wilderness

The Glass Walkers are tied closely with their cities, their
city spirits and the spiritual life unique to the city, with its

132 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

[POPE Ps ET DT imines -/ -

mishmash of tyrannical Weaver and tempered Wyld. Because
of this, they lack an inherent connection with the Wyld and
may not regain Gnosis points when in the wilderness. The
exception to this is when they are at a caern; they may regain
Gnosis as they normally do at these sacred sites.

Red Talons

Wyld Affinity: Cannot regain Gnosis in cities

The Red Talons are tied closely to the wilderness, drawing
on the ebb and flow of its natural, spiritual life. Because of this,
they lack an inherent connection with the Weaver and may
not regain Gnosis within a city. The exception to this is when
they are at a caern; they may regain Gnosis as they normally
do at these sacred sites. The Storyteller may allow them to
regain a few points in the suburbs, if he deems that the ‘burbs
are rural enough.

Shadow Lords

Failure's Dagger: -1 Renown for failure

Shadow Lords prize winning above all else, and they scorn
losers. Whenever a Shadow Lord fails to carry out a task that
would normally gain him Glory, Honor or Wisdom, he will
lose one point of temporary Renown in that category. (If he
would have gained Renown in more than one category,
subtract only from the category that would have rewarded the
most.) This is in addition to any Renown normally lost (see the
Renown Awards Chart, pp. 190-193).

This does not affect the normal Renown process in any
other way; if the Shadow Lord succeeds in the action, then he
gains the normal amount of Renown.

Silent Striders

Haunted

The Silent Striders bear a connection with their Egyptian
past, which is both deeper and more mysterious than the other
tribes. Due to an ancient curse laid upon this tribe, they must
forever wander far from their ancient homeland and be
haunted by the dead.

Whenever a Silent Strider enters or exits the Umbra, a
botch means she is "caught." During this time, a wraith will be
attracted to her. This occurs any time she gets "caught", even
if the Strider was only following another's lead through the
Gauntlet. When the Strider escapes from being "caught"
between the two worlds, the wraith will follow her. Only the
Strider will see and hear the wraith. This ghost isnot necessar-
ily good or evil, but he will harass the Silent Strider, either
requesting some service ("Save my family!") or demanding
some penance ("Your kind killed me.. give mea boon or | shall
forever haunt you.").

The only way a Strider can rid herself of this ghost is to fulfill
the request of the spirit or leave the area. The spirit will not be
able to follow the Strider outside ofa certain range. (This area
is determined by the Storyteller, and may neverbe greater than
a state or county.) After one moon (one lunar month), the
Strider may return without fear of attracting the ghost again.


Scere net arin an Seana or ase me a rence)

Ifthe Storyteller isalso using Wraith: The Oblivion, he can
use Traits from that game. The wraith will be a minor one,
perhaps onlyadrone. Otherwise, use thissample Gaffling level
spirit:

Willpower 5, Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Sap Will, Suggestion

There is one benefit to this attraction: the Strider may
sometimes lear secrets from the dead. This is partly the reason
for the Striders' renownas information resources. The Striders
are ashamed of this curse, however, and do not discuss it with
others unless absolutely necessary.

Note: The Silent Strider fifth level Gift: Reach the Umbra
will allow a Strider to enter and exit the Umbra without fear
of this curse.

Silver Fangs

Derangement

The blood of the Silver Fangs is not as strong as it used to
be, largely due to years of inbreeding with limited flocks of
Kinfolk. Each Silver Fang has a Derangement, regardless of the
degree of Pure Breed she possesses. This may be chosen by the
player (with the Storyteller's approval) or taken from the list
below.

¢ Amnesia — In a highly stressful and traumatic situation,
you forget who you are.

© Intellectualization — You compulsively analyze every-
thing and block out as many emotions as possible. However,
when your fragile world of facts and figures is shattered by the
supernatural, you usually freak out.

* Manic-Depression — You suffer from wild mood swings
ranging from wild bliss to complete despair. You begin each
story in one phase or the other and can switch back and forth
for any number of reasons.

© Multiple Personalities — There are a number of different
personalities housed within your head. You may switch your
name, Nature and Demeanor during times of great stress.

© Obsession — You tend to latch on to someone or
something and make him or it the focal point of your life.

Paranoia — You see the Wyrm's influence in everything.
Don't the others see it too? Perhaps they've been corrupted as
well.

© Perfection — You work hard to keep everything in your
life going perfectly at all times. You use all of your energy to
prevent things from going wrong and have been known to
frenzy when things don't go in your favor.

© Power Madness — You are obsessed with control and
dominance over others.

© Regression — You tend to revert to childlike behavior
during times of extreme stress.

© Vengeful — When you have been wronged, you become
obsessed with getting even and bent on making those who
crossed you pay.

Appendix

cr nici iT J) .

Stargazers

Obsessive Mind Games

The Stargazers are sometimes too philosophical for their
own good. If a Stargazer ever fails an Enigmas roll, he will
become obsessed with the problem and not be able to concen-
trate on anything else until he has solved it. The most elusive
mysteries gnawat us the most. During this time, the Storyteller
may rule on a host of minor effects to represent this inward
obsession (only one at a time, though). Examples include
shutting the world out (+1 difficulty to all Perception rolls) or
aslow reaction to outside stimuli (+1 difficulty to all Initiative

rolls).
Uktena

Intense Curiosity

The Uktena love secrets — except those that are kept from
them. They have an obsessive need to unravel these secrets
and must go to extremes to bring them to light (even if only for
themselves). When an Uktena learns that somebody knows
something he doesn't, he must try to pull that secret from him.
The Storyteller may impose a host of problems on the charac-
ter until he can learn the secret. Examples include trouble
concentrating (+1 difficulty for all Willpower rolls), short
temper (-1 difficulty for frenzies) or a surly disposition (-1
difficulty for Social rolls).

However, when an Uktena has gained the truth behind a
secret ina particularly ingenious or clever fashion, he may gain
a point of Wisdom Renown and a point of Willpower
(Storyteller's option).

Wendigo

Wheel of the Seasons

The Wendigo have long lived in a very close relationship
with the Earth and its ever-changing seasons. They have a
different weakness during different parts of the year, but they
gain power in winter, the season of their totem.

Spring: +1 difficulty to Willpower rolls; this represents
trouble concentrating as life quickens and grows.

Summer: -1 difficulty to frenzy rolls; summer is the tradi-
tional season of war, and this old habit is hard to break.

Fall: +1 difficulty to change forms; the world slips into
slumber and new potentials die.

Winter: -1 difficulty onsoak rolls; the Wendigoare hardiest
in this bitter season, saving up all their hate to strengthen
themselves during the harshest time of year.

Renown Conversion

The game system for keeping track of and rewarding Re-
nown changed between the original Werewolf and Second
Edition. This could cause a bit ofa problem for characters who
have been progressing on the old scale for some time. If
conversion ever gets to be too great a headache, then simply
use the old system. However, since there is a now a detailed

133


chart for Renown awards in the Second Edition, you may want
to take the time to convert.

First off, examine how much Renown the character has
now. How much did she need to get to her current rank, and
how much will she need to get to the next rank? Now look at
the new system and figure out the same thing. Youshould then
be able to make a good comparison.

Example: Ear-Biter is a Rank 3 Philodox with 13,225
Glory, 25,300 Honor and 11,500 Wisdom (his total is
50,025). He needed 40,000 Glory total to get to Rank 3,
50% of which had to be in Honor. In the new system, he
needed 3 Glory, 7 Honor and 4 Wisdom. So, we can figure
that he now has at least this amount of permanent points.

The question is, how do we calculate that extra 10,025
into temporary points?

Using the old system, he has a quarter of the Renown he
needs to get to the next rank (80,000). In the new system,
he needs 9 Honor and 7 Wisdom (he already has the 3
Glory). That is a total of 5 permanent points (or 50
temporary). A quarter of those temporary points would be
12 or 13 (let's round up— after all, he did have a little more
than a quarter).

Looking at Ear-Biter's old Renown, he has more than
twice as much Honor as Wisdom, so we can give him 9
temporary Honor and 4 temporary Wisdom. However, we
could instead give him 10 temporary Honor and 3 tempo-
rary Wisdom. This way, he is ready to petition for a
permanent point (through the Rite of Accomplishment).
This latter method will allow the gaming group to become
familiar with the new process quicker and enter some new
roleplaying opportunities with their characters' septmates.
Any method that promotes roleplaying should be the
preferred method.

So, Ear-Biter is now a Rank 3 Philodox — an Adren, as
the Garou call this rank — with 3 Glory, 7 Honor (soon to
become 8) and 4 Wisdom (with 3 temporary points).

Alternatively, some of the 13 temporary points could
have been put towards Glory, but that would not have been
to Ear-Biter's advantage yet, so let's not. He will have ample
excuses to gain Glory during play.

That's one method. If you have another, feel free to use
it. The important thing is maintain the spirit of the Re-
nown system, particularly the way Garou society rewards its
heroes and punishes the violators of sacred law.

Recommended Reading
Chapter One: Storytelling

Chronicle Creation

Aristotle's Poetics is the primer for western drama. While
it was written about Greek plays, it applies to almost all
forms of western storytelling, including written literature
and especially movies. Applying Aristotle's rules and theo-

134
i —_——

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ries of drama to roleplaying games maybe an odd endeavor
— Aristotle wasn't speaking of interactive drama, except in
the sense that an audience is involved in any drama — but
it would be an interesting study.

Mythic Cycle Stories

The Hero With A Thousand Faces by Joseph Campbell.
The classic book on myths, containing a more detailed
description of the mythic cycle described in the Mythic
Stories section. All of Campbell's exemplary works provide
ideas for Werewolf Storytellers, particularly The Power of
Myth (with Bill Moyers) and The Historical Atlas of World
Mythology: The Way of the Animal Powers (Volume One). All
are interesting books detailing basic information on the
importance of symbols and myths.

The Complete Grimm's Fairy Tales by Jacob and Wilhelm
Grimm. The tales provide many entertaining examples of
folk tale archetypes. Look especially for the Pantheon Press
edition with the illuminating commentary by Joseph
Campbell.

Man and His Symbols by Carl Gustav Jung. This is the
most approachable work by Jung, written for a wide audi-
ence. Jung's insights concerning myths have changed the
way we think of them, and he greatly influenced Joseph
Campbell. Any of his works can be recommended, particu-
larly The Portable Jung (edited by Campbell), Psychological
Types, The Meaning of Psychology For Modern Man, The
Psychology of the Unconscious, and Archetypes of the Collec-
tive Unconscious. All contain in-depth information on
symbolism and the human psyche.

The Women's Encyclopedia of Myths and Secrets and The
Women's Dictionary of Symbols & Sacred Objects both by
Barbara Walker. These volumes contain a wealth of basic
information on myths, symbols and their meanings.

Larousse World Mythology. This comprehensive text
covers different myths and legends from all over the world.
It comes with an index that makes locating information on
asingle figure or legend easy, even if you are uncertain of its
origins.

Chapter Three: Setting
Wilderness

Some recommended books are: Using Wild And Wayside
Plants by Nelson Coon; Indian Herbology of North America
by Alma R. Hutchens; Field & Stream magazine; Frontiers-
man magazine; National Geographic magazine; the field
manuals of the Boy Scouts and Girls Scouts of America;
Reader's Digest (you're almost guaranteed one disaster tale

per issue); and The Atlas of National Parks.

The Spirit World

An Illustrated Encyclopedia of Traditional Symbols by J. C.
Cooper. This incredible reference book gives the ancient and

a

|


ee AA

traditional symbolism behind many things, from Ablutions to
Zodiac, listing their attributions in many different cultures.
Animal-Speak: The Spiritual & Magical Powers of Creatures
Great & Small by Ted Andrews. This book includesa"compre-
hensive dictionary of animal, bird, and reptile symbolism." An

lent reference for Naturae spirit encounters.

Shamanism: Archaic Techniques of Ecstasy by Mircea
Eliade. Considered the classic book on shamanism, Eliade
details the cosmology of shamanic cultures, including the
three worlds (Upper, Middle, Lower) and the Axis Mundi

The Way of the Shaman by Michael Harner. A New Age
book teaching how to use shamanic techniques, it includes
basic information on shamanic cosmology. A very good
primer.

Shaman's Drum magazine. A quarterly magazine which
contains articles on all aspects of shamanism: current
indigenous peoples' methods, reprints of anthropological
studies and urban methods of shamanism. ~

Historical Settings

The People's Chronology: A Year-by-Year Record of Hu-
man Events from Prehistory to the Present by James Trager.
Although not quite up to date any longer, this book is one
of the best single sources for designing any historical
chronicle. It presents events in a yearly format and divides
them into categories, such as art, military events, etc.

The Masks of God series by Joseph Campbell. This series
ycles devel-

gives a good picture of how myths and heroic
oped in different cultures and time periods. (See "Mythic
Cycle Stories" above for more recommended Campbell
books.)

Penguin Classics. These paperback versions of the great
histories provide the reader with excellent translations of
secondary source material. A Penguin edition has been
published for almost any time period before the Industrial
Revolution.

Great Ages of Man (Time-Life Books series). This series
is well researched, colorful and easy to understand. The
books also contain maps corresponding to the age that they
cover,

A Distant Mirror, The Proud Tower and The Guns of
August by Barbara Tuchman. All very readable books on
periods in history. The first one is about the 14th century,
while thenext concerns the years 1880-1914, before WWI,
and the last is about the Great War itself.

Chapter Four: Enemies and
Chapter Five: Friends

Urban Legends

The Vanishing Hitchhiker, by Jan Harold Brunvand. An
interesting study of the nature of urban legends (including
"the Hook" and "Alligators in the Sewers") and their
symbolic importance. Other books by the same author

awx——

detail even more folk legends: The Choking Doberman and

"New" Urban Legends, and The Mexican Pet: More
)" Urban Legends and Some Old Favorites

Antagonists and Friends

Folklore and mythology is always a good place to look for
new enemies to harass your Garou or allies to provide

Other

succor. In addition, there are many books on weird things.
Some recommendations are given below:

The Book of the Damned, Lo! and Wild Talents by Charles
Fort. Fort is the master of cataloguing strange and bizarre
phenomena, such as mysterious rains of frogs. He is a must
read for those interested in the weirdness hiding in the
corners and outskirts of science and reason. There is even
a journal, The Fortean Times, dedicated to weird and unex-
plained phenomena.

Other books are: The Encyclopedia of Monsters and The
Encyclopedia of the Strange by Daniel Cohen; Strange Beasts,
Giant Birds, and Bigfoot: A Bibliography of Monsters by
George M. Eberhardt; On the Track of Unknown Animals
and In the Wake of the Sea Serpents by Bernard Heuvelman;
The Humanoids by Charles Bowen; and Strange Creatures of
Time and Space by John Keel.



a far
NY f

\,) 4598 STONEGATE NO. BEYD. "gai

Wea Stone HTH. CA 30083 -

EW?

STORYTELLERS 4
" HANDBOOK" ~~

ff eae
i: su

The battle against the Wyrm rages. and the losses
hurt more each cay. Victory is harder to find as the
APOCGAS se approaches. One person stands above this
rqy: the Storyteller. It is her nesponeaey to display
the horror and the wonder of the world of the
Garou. the werewolf defenders of the Earth. It is the
Storyteller's task and reward to tell the tales of
Werewolf: The~Apocalypse.

To Mythic Reolity \ ¥
The Storyteller is the important person who gives the SOS
players ther victories and defeats, their ents of Ca,
terror promise. and their rise to heroism... or & Saks
their fall\to doom. For ‘this reason, Storytellers get "ig

their veryNewn handbook, full of tips on enhancing
the depth and intensity of their: stories.

Werewolf Storytellers- Handbook includes:
\ =
«Advice. tips and essays on Storytelling:
creating chronicles to telling mythic stories.

«Details on Garou culture. from the inner strife
tearing apart the Garou Nation to the Seasonal Rites
of the Thirteen Tribes.

Cont

"-aNew antagonists and allies of the Garou, from urban ‘att
horrors to Native American ,
iN. monsters.

ESA

DAMESS UD LO

2
