# File: Storytellers Screen (2nd Ed.).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------





Combat Summary Chart

Stage One: Initiative

© Roll Wits + Initiative (difficulty 4). The winner de-
clares her action last (after she has heard everyone else's
actions) and performs it first.

* Declare Dice Pool division if performing multiple A
eeeee Superb actions.
Ue : © Declare any Rage point expenditures (maximum of
Ditftialties character's Dexterity rating).
Stage Two: Attack
Difficulti
bacon) © For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Firearms.
, ¢ For melee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity +
Routine
Melee.
¢ For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll
Standard Dexterity + Brawl.
© Dodge: roll Dexterity + Dodge. A character can forfeit
Difficult some orall of his Dice Pool to dodge atany time; each success
subtracts one from the opponent's successes.
Degrees of Success
Stage Three: Resolution
Two Successes Moderate * Roll damage, determined by weapon or maneuver
(difficulty 6).
Four Successes Exceptional © Soak damage: roll Stamina (difficulty 6).
General Complications
5 © Changing Actions: The difficulty increases by one.
Experience Chart © Immobilization: The difficulty to hit an immobilized
Trait Cost target is decreased by two.
Stunning: When Health Level damage exceeds Stamina
Ability current rating x 2 rating, the target is stunned and cannot act next turn (a Rage
point will counter the effect).
Gift Level of Gift x 3 |

Spirit Combat Table

Stage One: Initiative
current rating ¢ As above. Spirits roll Willpower for initiative.

Stage Two: Attack

* Roll Willpower (difficulty 6) unless a Charm is being
used (refer to the Charm description)

© Dodge: Willpower (difficulty 6), or split Willpower
Gauntlet Dice Pool between attack and dodge.

Stage Three: Resolution

© Roll Rage (difficulty 6); one Health Level of aggravated
damage is inflicted per success (Garou can soak this with a
Gnosis roll, difficulty 6); one Power point per success is lost
if the target is a spirit.

* Soak damage: spirits cannot soak damage.

Willpower current rating

Area Typical Gauntlet
Inner city

Rural countryside

Typical active caern

Mie presrese cer Difficulty for Rage Rolls

Difficult

Moon Phase

Stepping Sideways

_ Successes Shift Time

5 Gibbous

Failure; may not try again for another hour

30 seconds

If the Garou is in Crinos form, the difficulty is decreased by
one.

db _——


Brawling Chart Health Levels
Maneuver Roll : Difficulty ; Damage = Actions | Baird

Body Slam Dex + Brawl 7 Special

Grapple Dex + Brawl 6 Strength ; ‘1

Punch Dex + Brawl 6 Strength if
Special Maneuvers*

Wounded 2
| apa
Fur Gnarl Dex + Brawl 8 Str +1 + Special? z
Jaw Lock Dex + Brawl 6 Special 1 ye
Taunt Man. + Exp. Opp. Wits +4 none 1 Fs
t These maneuvers do aggravated damage.
* These maneuvers cannot be used by a character in frenzy. wr

Firefight Complications

Complication Difficulty Dice

Melee Weapons Table
Weapon Difficulty Damage Conceal

Grand Klaive 7 Strength +4* T
* This is a silver weapon; Garou cannot soak this damage Only head exposed +4

Immobilization 2

Point-blank

Behind pole +2

Aiming + Perception (1/tum)
Armor

Class Armor Rating Penalty Specific area of target +2

Class Two (armor T-shirt) 2 0
Class Four (flak jacket) 4 1

Full-auto +3

5+l1/yard +10

Movement Rates Chart

Movement Distance (yards per turn)
Homid Glabro Crinos* Hispo Lupus

12 + Dex 12 (14) + Dex x15

* Number in parentheses applies when quadrupedal
x = Multipliers are applied to Homid movement rates

EN

ls ii /,

a 7 eee

Firearms Chart

Type Difficulty Damage Range = Rate Clip Concealment
Example

this is considered a long-range shot.

Rate: The maximum number of bullets or three-round bursts the gun can fire in a single turn. The rate does not apply to full-
auto or spray fire.

Clip: The number of bullets that can be held in one clip or in the barrel. The +1 indicates a bullet can be held in the chamber,
making the gun ready to fire.

Concealment: P = can be hidden in a pocket; J = can be hidden inside a jacket; T = can be hidden inside a trenchcoat; N =
cannot be hidden on one's person at all.

* indicates the gun is capable of three-round bursts, full-auto fire and sprays.

** The crossbow is listed to accommodate those characters who wish to use one to stake vampires. However, unlike a firearm,
it does not add attack successes to the damage Dice Pool. Additionally, a crossbow takes five turns to reload.

Dorging Cover Difficulties

Difficulty Cover Difficulty

Behind pole +2

4 Fullcoverwithin diving distance (one
yard) Only head exposed +4

a Yo) 1598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
"ota Sach,

7 Partial cover within running dis-
tance (three yards)

Revolver, Hvy. i 6 35 iy 6 J
Colt Anaconda (.44 magnum)
Pistol, Hvy.
Sig P220 (.45 ACP)
SMG, Small* 7 4 25 3 30+1 J
Ingram Mac-10 (9mm)
Assault Rifle* 7 7 150 S 42+1 N
Steyr-Aug (5.56mm) meee |
Shotgun, Semi-auto 7 8 20 3 8+1 Ty
Fianchi Law-12 (12 gauge)
Range: This is the practical range of the gun in yards. A character may fire ona target at up to double the listed range; however,

CAME STUDIO

aaa 7 7S.

a=

Delirium Chart

Willpower _ % of Popul Reaction

Panic: Just get away! The person moves as far away from the Garou as his feet can carry him —
gibbering, screaming, and ignoring obstacles such as plate-glass windows and 30-story drops.

bizarre reason, this individual displays no reaction to the Garou's appearance whatsoever. If
spoken to, she responds, politely and casually. Why?

Feats of Strength Falling Damage

Dice Pool Feats Lift Distance (in feet) Injury

10 Two Health Levels
30 Four Health Levels
10

5

2 Break a chair 100 Ibs.
4 Break a 2" x 4" 400 Ibs.

6 Throw a motorcycle 800 Ibs.

8 Break a three-inch lead pipe 1000 Ibs.

Six Health Levels

...and so on, to a maximum of 10 Health Levels.

Rip open a steel drum 1500 lbs.

Fire Damage

Break a metal lamp post 3000 Ibs. Difficulty

Heat of Fire

Throw a van 5000 Ibs.

5 Heat of a torch (second-degree burns)

Berserk: In blind, frenzied fear, the human takes some sort of action — any sort of action. She
might run down the street breaking windows, or might actually leap upon the Garou, tearing
with her fingernails at "the monster."
Conciliatory: The person, though doing her best to remain calm and placate the beast, is on
the verge of collapse: "Okay, okay, | —I'll do whatever you say, just don't hurt me, please!" She
will try to do anything she possibly can to avoid getting hurt.
Curiosity: This individual might be the stereotypical absent-minded researcher, or just a loon
who thinks the Garou is Bigfoot's love child via Elvis's clone, but in any event he will be
fascinated rather than frightened, even going so far as to study the Garou (at a safe distance).
This sort is often the most likely to rationalize things later on.

10 0.5% No Reaction/Blasé: This person either has nerves of steel or a brain of Jell-O. For whatever

Jumping 2 Heat of a chemical fire

Roll: Strength + Athletics Woands Sikecf Rice:
Difficulty: 3 (varies)
Type of Jump _—Feet per Success

Homid Glabro Crinos Hispo Two Bonfire; half of body burned


By James Moore

The following stories are designed to fit into the
Storyteller's ongoing chronicle. All city locations — and
even the location of the pack's caern — should be decided
by the Storyteller. Names and locations are given in the
stories for ease of use, but if the material presented works
better with alterations, the Storyteller should not hesitate
to change what is needed. While the stories are complete
and ready for use, space constraints have necessitated
limiting the information presented for many of the second-
ary characters. Storytellers should feel free to provide this
information themselves.

Battle Maps: All of the adventures presented here come
complete with battle maps, for use with either miniatures or
cardboard standups. Please consult: the miniatures rules in
the Werewolf rulebook (pp. 247-249). Each battle map
presents specific physical challenges for the characters, and
special emphasis will be placed on these challenges.

Non-player Character Traits: Each encountered per-
son has a Health Level chart. These charts are designed to
be checked off as the NPC loses each Health Level, begin-

ning with "OK" and continuing to "Incapacitated."

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, arid blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Alon, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, and
Werewolf Screen Second Edition are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and
text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

ATLANTA, GA 30021

Waite Wotrl USA
GAME STUDIO

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages
is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes.
All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and intended for:
entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com;
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

alt.games.whitewolf and

OLE CP LT is ES teenie //,

|


ee
—N

Story One: Camera Shy

Stop the presses!

~~ Any overzealous newspaper editor

Plot Outline

A local contact informs one of the characters that there
will be photographs of "a strange herd of creatures, possibly
a whole tribe of Bigfoots" in the next issue of The Nation's
Pulse, a locally published "news magazine" with national
distribution. There is a very real threat that someone has
taken photographs of the sept's moot, held only a few days
before. Worse still, the tabloid is being printed by Bane-
ridden machinery capable of weakening the Veil.

With no other information available, the characters
must risk open exposure in order to capture the photo-
graphs. The informant has no idea who the photographer is,
nor any knowledge about the layout of the newspaper's
offices. Above all else, the Garou must use secrecy to
achieve their goals. Here is a story where wits, not claws, are
needed to win the day.

Theme

The theme of "Camera Shy" is responsibility. Photo-
graphs of werewolves are appearing in newspapers, and the
Veil may be compromised. The characters discover the

a

potential leak, and it is their responsibility to discover what
is really going on.

Mood

The mood of "Camera Shy" is one of urgency and caution.
The pack must enter the offices of the local newspaper and try
to retrieve the photographs and negatives of the werewolf
pictures. Let's reemphasize that: into the offices of the news-
paper, a place with many reporters and many photographers,
and probably a few security guards. The pack must stop the
werewolf photographs from being published, but they must
also avoid confrontation. Worst of all, che newspapet's offices
are in the heart of the city.

Battle Map Challenge

The combat challenge in "Camera Shy" comes from
close quarters. The hallways in the tabloid's offices are only
one yard wide (one hex). A Garou in Crinos, Hispo, or
possibly Lupus form (depending on exact build) is simply
not going to be capable of moving freely in the hallways.
Leaping in these forms is effectively impossible.

Crinos or Hispo cannot even walk the hallways side by
side; they must move in "single file" formation. Attempts to
traverse the corridors in any other way will increase diffi-
culty numbers substantially. Even in Homid form, Garou in
this area cannot stand in the same hex without some form
of penalty. As a rule of thumb, any activity involving
motion suffers a difficulty increase as follows: Homid +1,
Glabro +2, Crinos +4, Hispo +3, and Lupus +1.

Additionally, the rooms all have low ceilings — only
seven feet in height, with doorways that are six feet in
height. Most forms are unaffected, but Crinos (and perhaps
Glabro) suffer problems when running about (+1 to all
Dexterity difficulties).

Scene One: Informer

A werewolf's Contact, or even one of her Kinfolk that
just happens to know someone at the paper, tells her about
the pictures scheduled to appear in the next issue of The
Nation's Pulse. The paper is already hyping the pictures,
with radio spots and even a large advertisement about the
four-page spread of exclusive photos.

The following information can be gathered by the pack
if they peruse the tabloid or question their informer:

© The photographer's name is Tom Detweiller. He
previously received a Pulitzer Prize nomination for a port-
folio of powerful photos documenting Desert Storm. He
always retains the rights to his material, and frequently
releases his pictures to syndication. His agreement with
The Nation's Pulse allows the tabloid first dibs on any local
news photos. If the pictures and negatives are not seized by
the pack immediately, there is a very real threat of national
exposure; Detweiller's name carries some clout in journal-
istic circles.

2 Storytelling Screen

LE PT DE time //,


Detweiller is a local resident, but his address and phone
number are unlisted. The only possibility of gathering more
information on the man is actually to.go to the newspaper
offices.. The informant can provide absolutely no more
information about Detweiller.

© The latest issue of The Nation's Pulse gave special
thanks to Margaret Agatha Henderson, a woman who
recently passed away, leaving most of her fortune to various
animal shelters and to the paper. Mrs. Henderson also
donated a very large and somewhat antiquated news press
to The Nation's Pulse, adding a message in her will: "I leave
this press to The Nation's Pulse, the only paper in our great
nation that is bold enough to tell the truth." Since the last
issue's headline clearly stated that a grotesquely large woman
on the cover, the one with the photographically touched-
up bear cub in her arms, had just given birth to "Elvis'
Martian Love Child," it is fairly safe to assume that the late
Mrs. Henderson was a bit...eccentric.

In the event that the pack has no informants or simply
does not read the newspaper, one of the sept's elders will
send the characters on the mission. The elder will strongly
advise the pack to go after regular business hours, to avoid
unwanted attention.

The sept's elders can also provide the following informa-
tion: A metis of the Glass Walker tribe recently investigated
the newspaper. He was never seen again. He did, however,
make a phone call to one of the sept's elders. The call was cut
short, ending in the sound of gunfire. Most assume that he was
killed while at the tabloid's offices. He had just enough time to
explain that the recently inherited press was actually a gift to
the paper from Pentex, the new owner of The Nation's Pulse.
He explained that the presses are actually a gigantic fetish, one
designed to reduce the effects of the Delirium. Everyone who
reads the paper will actually be more inclined to believe the
pictures are real, whether they are or not.

Scene Cwo: Eyewitness Yews

The pack's next steps ate: to retrieve the photographs
and negatives before they can be published, and to destroy
the presses. As stated above, this task must be handled
carefully; any blatant use of Garou talents will likely cause
many more problems. Above all else, the pack must be
subtle. The newspaper is located in an old, two-story
warehouse building. Employees set their own hours, and
there are usually at least a few workers on the premises at
any given time of the day or night. There are also security
guards. Half a dozen Crinos tearing through the offices will
certainly be noticed.

The first floor holds the design and layout offices of the
newspaper (in the front of the building), and the presses
themselves (in the rear). The presses occupy approximately
two-thirds of the first floor.

The second floor is used primarily as storage and is
accessible only through a door that leads from the reception
area. A security door connects the two floors; it is locked
after regular business hours. Use the Strength Chart on pg.

212 of the rulebook to determine whether or not a charac-
ter can force entry; the Strength required is 5. Because of
the area's high crime rate, the original owners had all of the
windows on the second floor bricked in; there isno entryway
from the second floor.

The Nation' s Pulse is located in a rather dismal section of
the city and has only two accessible entrances. The front
entrance is not locked, but a guard sits at the receptionist's

desk after 6:00 p.m.

The only other point of entry is located at the back of the
warehouse, where the presses themselves are located. Two
sliding warehouse doors, closed but not locked at the
present time, open onto loading docks. This is where trucks
arrive early in the morning (about 4:00 a.m.) to retrieve the
newly printed papers. (This section is not detailed on the
battle map.)

The Gauntlet rating here is 8. The Penumbra-scape here
is filled with an unholy noise — the screeching of the
presses, which constantly attracts new Banes. A huge,
amorphous blob — a Bane — can be seen where the presses
are located in the physical world. It sits perched atop the
presses, its tentacles buried in the paper-feeds. (See The
Press Bane, below.)

The presses begin running at 12:00 midnight, printing
copies of the story and pictures of the "Bigfoot Family" —
which are, indeed, pictures of Garou in Crinos form. Life
will be considerably harder for the pack should these photos
see print.


A

ne A

Security

Barrier Strength
Second floor security door 5
Lifting loading doors (from outside) 3
Breaking loading doors 6
Sneaking (Dex + Stealth roll) Difficulty
Front offices (before midnight) 7
Front offices (after midnight) 5
Press room (before midnight) 6
Press room (after midnight) 4

The Guards

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Law 1

Fomor Powers: Immunity to the Delirium, Heightened
Strength and Stamina

Willpower: 6

Health Levels:

Guard #1 (Reception area): OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated

Guard #2 (Office B): OK, -1,-1,-2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Guard #3 (Office B): OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Guard #4 (Press room): OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapaci-
tated'

Equipment: Light revolvers, billy clubs

The General Staff

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 1
Talents: Alertness 2, Expression 1

Skills: Etiquette 2

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 1

Willpower: 6

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Bruce (Donaldson

(See "Office D")
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 5, Law 1, Lin-
guistics 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 5
Willpower 9

Powers: Immunity to the Delirium — unknown to
Donaldson, he is Kinfolk.

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

The Umbra

Gauntlet Rating: 8

The Press Bane

Willpower 7, Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Power 45

Charms: Reform, Weaken Delirium (Power cost: 7 per
issue; this Charm reduces the effects of the Delirium on all
people who read The Nation's Pulse, subtracting one for
every issue read. The Nation's Pulse is being used as an
experiment for the effectiveness of this Bane; if it succeeds,
Pentex plans to move the Bane to one of its more reputable
magazines.)

The Press Bane is very powerful in its own right, but is
also a very distinct coward. Any attempt to attack the Bane
will force it to Reform elsewhere, abandoning the press for
good.

4 Storytelling Screen

aime 1/,

\ ene


Who's Who in the Office

(See the "Camera Shy" battle map)

Security Guards

There are several people in the front offices, mostly
those responsible for ensuring that the next issue comes out
ina presentable fashion. There are also a surprising number
of security guards present, more than would normally be
expected in offices such as these. However, the guards all
look fairly bored and tend to neglect their appointed duties.

To sneak past any of the guards, players must roll
Dexterity + Stealth (difficulty 7). If spotted by the guards,
werewolves in Homid or Glabro form will be stopped and
questioned. Any Crinos, Hispo or Lupus will be shot on
sight. The guards all work for a security company separate
from the paper.

The Sentinel Security Service is a subsidiary of Pentex,
and all security agents are hired for their ability to do their
job better than most. To ensure that its guards are always
prepared, Sentinel Security gives them regular checkups
and booster shots of mega-vitamins. These shots have
increased the guards' strength and rendered them immune
to the Delirium. If they receive too many more of these,
they may become fomori.

The guards are courteous and generally friendly to the
people at the newspapers, but they are also well trained and
will not hesitate to stop an intruder, with the use of lethal
force if necessary. Quick-thinking Garou can prevent blood-
shed simply by stating that they work as freelance reporters
or photographers at the paper. The guards have only
recently been hired and are not familiar with all the paper's
employees. However, stammering or the inability to an-
swer simple questions is all it takes to trigger the guards'
suspicions.

The guards are not tainted enough to be detectable by
Sense Wyrm or Scent of the True Form, although Sense the
Unnatural will reveal that they have some mild supernatu-
ral powers.

Front Offices

The offices in the front of the building are all occupied.
Some are being used by writers trying to meet their next
deadline; others are being used by the staff assembling the
paper. There are six offices total, not including the
receptionist's desk in the foyer. If the Garou enter after 6:00
p.m., the receptionist's desk is occupied by a guard rather
than the receptionist.

© Office A: The first office on the left past the foyer is
being used by three men laying out the sports section of the
paper. All three are tired, and none of them will pay any
attention to people passing the office. They will notice
anyone entering the room, but will merely nod and ignore
them if the characters do not confront them. So far as these

Camera Shy

/ aa LE IY

three are concerned, there is a security staff that will stop
anyone who isn't supposed to be there. ,
¢ Office B: This office is being used by two of the security
guards as a break room. They are effectively off duty at the
moment and will ignore the pack unless the pack confronts
them. The pack may find it necessary to confront the
guards, however, for this room is also the file room for
photographs. Several file cabinets contain a variety of
strange and generally doctored photographs. However, the
photographs sought by the pack are not in this room.

* Office C: This office is actually a darkroom. A red light
glows above the door. Inside, a photographer is developing
his film. Any attempts to enter this room are met with a
harsh: "Do you mind?! I'm workin' in here!" This is indeed
the room where the photographic negatives can be found.
The photographer, a thin man in his 20s, can easily be
intimidated by any show of force. He will help the pack
retrieve the negatives if he is threatened.

¢ Office D: This office is being used by staff reporter
Bruce Donaldson. He is writing a feature on the birth of a
four-headed cow. Donaldson is bored to tears, and he has. no
useful information. Should the pack be abusive, he will
verbally assault them and then leave them alone. If the pack
threatens him, he will immediately attempt to call security.
He can be easily placated with an apology, but will demand
to know who the pack members are and what they want in
the paper's offices. He will even go so far as to attempt to
follow the pack. He has been sniffing around for a good story
for some time. He is also the reporter who wrote the story on
the "Bigfoot Family."

© Office E: This office holds the microfiche library for
the paper. Two researchers are here doing their best to
gather more information. They are far too busy to bother
with the pack. Should the pack ask any questions, the
researchers will curtly point the Garou in the direction of
what they need.

* Office F: This office holds four people, who are laying
out the main section of the newspaper. They are very busy
and will ignore the pack unless the pack has decided to
approach the office before midnight. The paper they are
currently assembling is of importance only if the pack
arrives before the presses have started. If the presses have
not yet started, then the vital photos are actually being laid
out in this room.

If the characters approach after midnight, they see a
stack of photos set to the side while the people in the room
begin the preliminary layout for the next issue. The stack of
photos includes the pictures they seek. Should the pack fail
or botch an attempt to take the photos discreetly, the
employees alert security immediately. The security staff in
turn notifies police. The characters could easily end up
surrounded by police if they are not very careful.


The Press Room

(Not all of this room is detailed on the battle map.)

Clever characters could manage to stop the presses with
little difficulty. The huge machines are all connected to
one set of power cables, which in turn leads to a very large
fusebox in the corner (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 6,
to notice the fusebox). Characters using stealth (Dexterity
+ Stealth, difficulty 6/4 before/after midnight) should be
able to avoid notice in the noisy press room if they do not
get too violent while dismantling the fusebox. If the press
operators discover a Garou tampering with the fusebox,
they immediately alert the guards.

Any attempt to use physical strength against the press is
likely to result in the loss of a limb or two — the press moves
at incredible speeds and will likely crush to death anyone
that manages to bypass the safety guards.

When the press is at work (midnight onward), the noise
level causes the press operators to wear protective ear
covering. The size of the press makes it possible for even a
Crinos to sneak past the few workers without too much
difficulty.

Characters with Heightened Senses will suffer near the
presses — the noise is actually amplified by the Bane inside
the machinery. Garou using this Gift must make a Stamina
roll (difficulty 8) to avoid being temporarily deafened.
Success on this roll means the character must subtract two
from all hearing Perception Dice Pools for the duration of

rN

mh
|

itll:

oom
-
row,
PK ad
#

ana»
ceye
weve
°
4
ow

29 feow ww

© pewoerge * Oewe Bees **

eer © Ge-e gw
2&8 BR8ee of COT FCF

oe Owe aoe ©

|
!
|
t
|

ogee &
Deter >
; e ow

Coe oor
S-@e0e -

the scene. Failure causes the character to subtract four for
the rest of the night; a botch renders the character deaf for
the duration of the night.

Wrap-Up and Complications

In the end, the pack should succeed in its mission, but
carelessness while so doing could endanger the Veil in an
even. worse way. If the pack causes too much grief at the
offices of the paper, the paper's reporters will do their best
to discover just who or what entered their building and
stole their photos. Additionally, Tom Detweiller will take
the loss of his precious photos personally and will do his best
to discover the perpetrator of the theft.

The press can be a serious foe to cross paths with, and any
attempts to take the pictures by force will quickly prove just
how serious an enemy the press can become. The paper wilt
spare no effort to locate the creatures that took their
property. News people will smell that a story is theirs for the
taking, and they will do their very best to take it.

Renown

If the characters succeed, each gains one point of Wis-
dom. If the Storyteller considers their tactics particularly
clever, he may opt to award them two points each. The
Press Bane is considered an average minion of the Wyrm,
because it will run rather than fight.

6 Storytelling Screen

AO Te tiene //,

L


Story, Cwo:
Sneak Thief

Theme

"Sneak Thief' is a story of betrayal, one that should cause
the pack to realize just how tenuous the friendship and
camaraderie of the Garou can be. The story's theme is
simply to be wary of strangers bearing gifts.

Mood

The mood of "Sneak Thief" is rage. Ooragant, the story's
villain, is a Black Spiral Dancer and a traitor to boot. His
crimes against the sept cannot go unavenged.

Battle Map Challenge

The construction site battle map is hazardous in several
respects. The ground is wet (increasing difficulties in move-
ment and balance), and the area is strewn with dangerous
piles of haphazardly stacked construction material.

For example, large stacks of girders litter the area. Players
might decide to stand on these piles, the better to gain a
vantage point while looking for Ooragant. Any attempt to
climb these small mountains could trigger an avalanche of
heavy steel girders. Characters should roll Dexterity +
Athletics (difficulty 8) to climb. Failure means the girders
have slipped from under the character, causing him to lose
the rest of his actions that turn. A botch means the
character falls and is buried under several hundred pounds
of steel. This inflicts five Health Levels of damage (can be
soaked) and pins the character underneath the debris. It
requires a Strength of 5 and an entire action to remove the
girders (the character may not split his Dice Pool during
this action).

Other Garou might decide to use the girders as weapons.
They are bulky and unwieldy, increasing difficulties by two
when used as clubs or spears.

Other physical challenges are detailed throughout the
adventure.

Historical Background

Eight months ago, while at a moot, the Garou of the sept
were surprised by a newcomer, one without name or Rank.
He was a homid and had been a ronin for over three years.
This ronin explained that he had turned his back on his
previous pack because he was maladjusted to life asa Garou.
After almost three years of fighting Gaia's battles, he had
grown weary of the continuous fights, grown tired of living
on the periphery of humanity, and decided that he needed
time alone. In short, he fell victim to Harano.

After relating his tale, the ronin humbly asked to be
allowed to join the sept, claiming he had finally accepted
his place in the grand scheme of things.

The sept has long since accepted this stranger. For six
months he has fought with the sept, defending it with such
ferocity that he was awarded with the name "Screams-As-
He-Kills."

The ronin with no name is in fact a Black Spiral Dancer.

Originally an Uktena, he used forbidden rituals of power to
fight the Wyrm, but was corrupted by the very forces he
tried to vanquish. His name is Ooragant, and he is a Rank
Three Dancer.
' Ooragant hides this fact by wearing a powerful fetish:
The Face of Innocence. The Face of Innocence is a facial
tattoo depicting the symbol of Gaia. Bound into the ink is
a Puppeteer Bane, a spirit that can conceal all traces of
Wyrm corruption. Once activated, the Bane will prevent
even the Gift: Sense Wyrm from working.

Ooragant concocted a scheme to steal all that he can
from the sept, and to kill the sept's elders if possible. The
plan called for him to gain the trust of the sept, and so he
has spenta long time with the sept before making his move.
Now he has recruited other Black Spiral Dancers to assist
him in implementing the plan's final stages.

Scene One: Murder Most
Foul

Ooragant has waited and befriended as many of the sept
as he could. Now the time has come. Ooragant waits until


nightfall to make his move. It is up to you, the Storyteller,
to decide just how many of the sept's leaders Ooragant

manages to kill, ifany. At the very least, he manages to steal

one of the most powerful fetishes of the sept (perhaps even
its Pathstone, the item that allows Moon Bridges to be
opened). The sept leader and possibly the caern warder
should at least be injured and unable to guide the sept.

Unguided, the sept flies into arage. Ahroun run from the
caern on a mad hunt after Coragant, not waiting for aid
from Ragabash or ritualists. Everyone splits up, scattering in
all directions. A few keep their heads and stay behind to
guard the caern and wounded ones. These calm Garou ask
the pack to search for Ooragant; they suspect the rest are
too frenzied to find the cunning Black Spiral. The pack is
sent out and is the first to catch Ooragant's scent (the
others have rallied in the wrong direction after an Ahroun
called for them, sure he found the trail).

Ooragant has spent six months planning his escape route
and has made certain that his fellow Black Spiral Dancers
are ready to assist him. He has learned the lay of the land
and long ago picked a point to rendezvous with the rest of
his true packmates. The agreed-upon place is at a new
construction site a fair distance from the caern, a site where
the new West Pointe Mall is under construction. The mall
will be one of the largest ever built, and the site is already
overflowing with construction materials.

Getting there is hardly a problem for Ooragant; he has
plotted the easiest way through the heart of the woods. The

8 Storytelling Screen

/ imma 1

terrain is fairly rough, but not dangerously so, and there is
a small stream between the sept and the mall's future site.

Chasing after Ooragant requires Perception + Primal-
Urge rolls (difficulty 7). However, once characters cross the
stream, the difficulty increases to 9. The pack needs 10
successes, in three or fewer rolls, to find Ooragant before he
can fully hide (two before the stream, one after). If they fail
to track him, an Intelligence + Investigation or Enigmas
roll (difficulty 6) allows a character to realize that the mall
site must be his destination, for little else in the area would
be of interest to a Black Spiral Dancer. The pack can go to
the mall site, but Ooragant will be firmly entrenched by
then.

If a member of the pack has the Gift: Sense of the Prey
(Level Two Ragabash) or uses the Ritual of the Questing
Stone, the characters will be led straight to the construc-
tion site.

Scene Two: West Pointe Mall

The mall is hidden behind nine-foot-high wooden fences.
The fences are covered with signs that announce the
opening date of the site sometime later in the year. Plans for
the West Pointe Mall have been under way for awhile now.
To date, however, the many hours spent at the site have
yielded little save a large, muddy hole and several hundred
yards of concrete tubing buried in the ground.

© Tubes: Each tube is five feet in circumference and can
easily be used as a hiding place, assuming a werewolf is in
Homid or Lupus form (Glabro, Hispo and Crinos forms are
simply too stocky to fit easily through the openings).

© Girders: Large steel girders are stacked in piles and
held together by thin steel bands. These piles range in
height from four-foot mounds to dangerously unstable
stacks towering 12 feet or higher into the air.

® Foundation: The foundation of the mall has not been
completed. It is a deep, wide pit in the ground awaiting
concrete filling. For now, the walls and ground are wet mud.
The pit is 15 feet deep.

© Equipment: Very little in the area could actually be
used in hand-to-hand combat, but any Garou with a back-
ground in construction would find the heavy machinery
easy enough to operate (Dexterity + Drive with a specialty
in heavy equipment; difficulty 6). Ooragant has a history of
working in heavy construction and can use the equipment.

There is one forklift and one dump truck. While all of the
machinery is awkward to maneuver at any speed (difficulty
raises to 7 or even 8 for fast maneuvers), the forklift has an
effective Strength of 7 for the purpose of doing damage, and
the dump truck has an effective Strength of 8 for the same
purpose. These vehicles cannot cause aggravated damage.

Anyone taking cover behind the heavy equipment re-
ceives an additional three dice to soak rolls and cover
bonuses, particularly against ranged attacks.

_Certain Glass Walker Gifts (Power Surge, Control Simple
or Complex Machines) can be used to control or neutralize
the heavy equipment.


© Slippery When Wet: The area, well saturated from the
recent rains, is slippery and treacherous at best. All at-
tempts to run or leap require a Dexterity + Athletics roll
(difficulty 6) in order to avoid slipping.

The foundation is filled with a few inches of water;
underlying silt makes traction almost impossible. Jumping
or climbing rolls have difficulties of 7, and no fewer than
five successes are needed to climb out of the foundation pit.
Anyone falling into the foundation must make a Dexterity
+ Athletics roll (difficulty 5) or take two Health Levels
falling damage (pre-soak).

The Cubby Holes

Two locations on the battle map are marked by dark
circles. These enter into small tunnels leading to the main
Black Spiral Dancer Pit some 10 miles away. Both are fairly
well concealed, and characters must declare that they are
looking for such hatchways to be al-
lowed a Perception + Alertness roll
(difficulty 8) to spot them.

These holes are set with traps and
will collapse if the right steps are not
made by the Garou who enters. The
collapse of a tunnel takes place some 50
feet in, and drops over three tons of dirt
on anything in the tunnel between the
entrance and 80 feet. Seven Health
Levels of non-ageravated damage is de-
livered (characters can soak this).

Getting out ofa collapsed hole would
likely require several Garou to dig the
character(s) out unless the pinned Garou
has the metis Gift: Burrow.

The Umbra

The Penumbra-scape is a barren
wasteland, crawling with a few Pattern
Spiders. They are more than ready to
protect their newly claimed territory.
They are working to ensure that the
new building exists in the Penumbra as
well as the physical world — a task
which requires them to weave their Pat-
tern Web here.

The Gauntlet at the construction
site is 6.

Ooragant's Plan

Because of the late hour, there are no
humans on the site. Unfortunately for
Ooragant, his partners are late.

Ooragant is not intent on killing his
pursuers at this time; he is far more
interested in not being killed. He will
do his best to hide among the large piles
of construction materials and avoid con-

frontation until his Black Spiral Dancer packmates arrive
at the construction site.

After five turns, Ooragant's packmates (two fewer than
the characters) will show themselves, stepping from the
Umbra ready to fight. The most important thing to
Ooragant's packmates is that Ooragant be allowed to es-
cape. His capture would ensure the failure of all their
schemes against the sept. If Ooragant escapes, he will
return to his Hive and deliver secrets of the sept's caern
(weak points, number of guards, etc.). The caern will be in
grave danger.

Packmates

The characters have the advantage of numbers, but the
Dancers have the advantage of familiarity with the terrain
(either give them bonuses to the obstacle rolls or don't
make them roll at all). In the last six months, Ooragant's
pack has hardly been idle. Encounters
with Garou have whittled down the
pack's numbers. The Dancers have been
anticipating Ooragant's return for some
time now.

Renown

Ooragant is considered a strong min-
ion of the Wyrm for the purpose of
awarding Glory Renown (see the chart
on pp. 190-193 of the Werewolf
rulebook). His packmates are average
minions. Regaining the sept's fetish (or
Pathstone, if that's what was taken) will
gain the characters one Glory point and
two Honor points each.

Photocopy this page and cut out these
vehicles for use with the battle map.

Sneak Thief 9

A LP ET iene /,


Ooragant

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Appear-
ance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5,
Empathy 2, Expression 3, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 1,
Subterfuge 5, Survival 3

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 3, Lead-
ership 2, Performance 3, Repair 1, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 3, Occult 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Kinfolk 2

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Persuasion, Scent of
Running Water, Smell of Man; (2) Ears of the Bat,
Staredown

Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Contrition, Rite of
Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of Summoning

Fetishes: Face of Innocence (Level 5, Gnosis 6; this
facial tattoo fetish allows Ooragant to appear entirely
uncorrupted by the Wyrm and makes it possible for him to
move amongst the Garou without fear of detection. A
Puppeteer Bane is bound into it (yes, bound into the tattoo
ink — into Ooragant's face!); this Bane can hide the taint
of the Wyrm.

Image: Ooragant is actually quite handsome, with long,
dark hair and eyes that sparkle. He is slightly above average
in height, but is also quite thin, built more like a runner
than a weightlifter. He normally wears blue jeans and a
leather vest with a small medicine bag.

Roleplaying Notes: You are very friendly, always willing
to go that extra mile for a friend, or even for those you
pretend are your friends. You love a good joke, and what
better joke than to fool a whole sept? Nothing is beyond the
scope of how far you will go to convince the Garou you are
still with them.

Background: Ooragant was once of the Uktena, but was
easily corrupted to the Black Spiral after he suffered Harano.
He has no regrets about his decision.

Black Spiral Dancer Packmates

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (0/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 0 (0/0/0/0)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 2,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Firearms 1, Leadership 1, Melee 4, Performance
1, Repair 2, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Medicine 1, Occult 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: None -

Gifts: (1) Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm, The Falling Touch

Rank: 1

Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Willpower 5

Health Levels:

Black Spiral Dancer #1: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapaci-
tated

Black Spiral Dancer #2: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapaci-
tated

Black Spiral Dancer #3: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapaci-
tated

Image: Deformed, vile werewolves. They are all
gibberingly insane.

Roleplaying Notes: Hoot, holler and laugh at the pack
as you try to lure them into dangerous obstacles and kill
them.

Background: They are all fiercely loyal to Ooragane,
whom they consider a hero for his "exile" among the Garou.
They will die so that he may escape.

There are fewer Black Spiral Dancers than members of
the character pack: the ratio is approximately one Dancer
for every two characters. A pack of five characters will face
three Dancers.

Umbra

Gauntlet Rating: 6

Pattern Spiders

Willpower 6, Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Power 25
Charms: Calcify, Solidify Reality

These "bugs" roam about the grounds, ensuring that
construction proceeds correctly. They will attack anything
that gets in their way. There are five of them.

|

Storytelling Screen

A


Story Chree: Treasures
of the Past

Cheme

The theme of "Treasures of the Past" is remembrance. A
large collection of Native American artifacts has recently
been uncovered, and among the artifacts are several items
of potential power. These items are now in the hands of
humans, but they belong to the Garou.

Mood

"Treasures of the Past" is meant to evoke feelings of loss and
feelings of hope. The sense of loss stems from the relics
themselves, for they are the remnants of a vanished culture.
There is hope, however, for the ancient relics may allow
modern Garou to battle the Wyrm more effectively. Addition-
ally, these relics may teach the Garou about the lost Croatan
tribe; both the Uktena and the Wendigo would desperately
like to acquire any item that belonged to their dead brethren.

Battle Map Challenge

The challenges in "Treasures of the Past" stem from the
numerous alarms and from the four fomor guards. Addition-
ally, the area is filled with fragile fragments of the past, and
Garou will likely want to be very careful about unnecessary
breakage. Lastly, the surveillance cameras, which are linked to
the security monitors, pose a very real danger to the Veil.

Motion detectors are marked on the map as dark tri-
angles along the bases of the display cases and walls.
Anyone crossing the path of one risks setting it off (see the
Security sidebar).

Scene One: Anticipation

The first part of the story takes the form of several news
briefs about the excavation on Roanoke Island. Archaeolo-
gists at Roanoke have discovered deeply buried ruins believed
to predate even the first English settlement in the New World.
The archaeologists theorize that an ancient tribe of Indians
once dwelt on the island. Careful digging has procured several
startlingly preserved artifacts. The best finds are a spear and a
painted stone, both of which were found buried with the
skeletal remains of a young male. This information should be
provided by the Storyteller in the form of a news story, either
in print or overheard on the radio.

Several days later, an even larger find is discovered only a
few hundred yards from the first excavation site. The find
includes three more remarkably well-preserved skeletons and
several crude weapons apparently made specifically for doing
battle. Each weapon has unusual runes carved into its surface.
Photographs of the weapons are published in the newspaper.
Any Garou viewing the photos will recognize the pictograms
for Gaia and the Wyrm, as well as a few that mean nothine to

modem Garou. It is remotely possible that an Uktena or
Wendigo would recognize one of the "mystery" pictograms as
that of the Croatan tribe. The most unusual item in the entire
collection isa large crystal flawlessly carved into a representa-
tion ofa wolf's skull. The items are in nearly perfect condition,
and archaeologists expect that the relics will reveal much
about natives that once inhabited Roanoke.

Many elder Garou are nervous about the discovery,
fearing that humans will learn too much about the Garou.
Reports come later of a failed attempt by a Wendigo pack
to seize the artifacts; the pack only discovered later that the
entire collection had been moved before they arrived at the
supposed storage facility. ;

Some time later, announcements are made that the
collection will be going on a nationwide tour, stopping at
several museums, the first of which is in the city closest to
the pack's sept. If any member of the pack is from the
Wendigo or Uktena tribe, her desire to retrieve these
artifacts is effectively guaranteed. If however, there are no
members of the Pure One tribes in the pack, the characters
will be asked by the caern's elders to capture the artifacts.

In any event, these artifacts represent a huge find; even
other Garou know very little about the Croatan. What the
humans see as simply another link to the past should be
considered a major discovery by Garou who remember their
past with reverence.

Scene Two: Casing the
Museum

Characters with any common sense whatsoever are
going to want tosee the artifacts before trying to take them.
The best way to do so is simply to visit the American
Heritage Museum, where the Roanoke Collection is now
on display.

The Building: The building is three stories. The Roanoke
Collection is on the third floor, while the first and second
floors display small exhibits of Southern crafts and African-
American history. The only entrances into the building are
the main doors (large double doors with reinforced glass), four
emergency exits (one on each corner), one large loading door
(sliding, corrugated steel) in the rear of the building, and one
locked access door next to the loading door. The only windows
are three small office windows on the second floor in the rear
face of the building, and one large window on the second floor
in the front face of the building. A skylight on the roof allows
access to the third floor.

On the third floor (where the exhibit is housed), there is
one main entrance to the room (up the stairs from the
second floor). There are also four fire exits leading to stairs
that allow access to all levels and exit onto the first-floor
street.

The second half of the first floor (toward the rear) is a
warehouse/loading area, with a small loading dock, sliding
door and an access door opening onto the alley. A small

Treasures of the Past Il

AL PS ET i ED TY


A

room off to the side holds the circuit breakers and emer-
gency generator (to run the security alarms). Anyone
seeking to shut down the electronic security must take out
the circuit box and the generator (cutting the lines will
work, but the saboteur risks electrocution).

The Collection: The collection has made the news, and
there is a waiting line to see the unusual artifacts, but the
line moves quickly. Someone in line makes snide com-
ments about how he expected more for his admittance fee,
and about how small the collection really is. Most. are
simply fascinated by the skeletal remains and the very
lifelike crystal skull.

A close examination of these articles will lead the pack
to believe that nearly every item, including the skeletal
bones, is imbued with power in one form or another.
Several cases around the room contain various parts of the
collection. Each piece is identified by what the archaeolo-
gists believe the item was used for.

The artifacts are stored in glass cases, and several guards
are present. A Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7)
reveals several inactive electronic eyes and motion sensors
in various spots around the room. In addition, there is a
pivoting video camera in each of the room's four corners
(above the exits). This is a high-security area.

Obviously, attempting to take the items by force will only
lead to a great deal of trouble, but a few of the pack might opt
to sneak in later in the evening. The American Heritage
Museum closes at 7:00 p.m., but, as signs posted around the
museum point out, the security force is on duty 24 hours a day.

The night guards are all fomori. There are four guards on
the late-night roster. The guards look perfectly normal, but
Garou who use Sense Wyrm, Sense the Unnatural or Scent
of the True Form readily detect them as fomori.

Security

Sensors Perception

Motion sensors 6

Cameras: *

Front door and main hall 9

Collection room 6

Barriers Strength

Front, fire and rear access doors 5

Rear sliding door 6

Skylight 5

Showcases 6

Locks ** Diff. Successes
Front, fire and rear access doors 8 10
Rear sliding door N/A (bolted inside)

Showcases 7 7

* The guards must make Perception rolls also, difficulty 5
(their chance of glancing at the monitor).

** A character must make a Dexterity + Repair roll to
pick a lock. He must have proper equipment; otherwise, the
difficulty is increased by three (maximum 10).

12 Storytelling Screen

OL PT DT tiene //,

Che Fomor Guards

‘All che guards have the following Attributes, Abilities,
Willpower and equipment:

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Melee 3, Stealth 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3

Knowledges: Law 1

Willpower 6

Equipment: Heavy revolvers with one extra clip

The fomor powers given below can be found in the
Werewolf rulebook on pp. 251-252.

Guard #1

Powers: Claws and Fangs, Hide of the Wyrm (+3 to soak
dice), Immunity to Delirium
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Guard #2

Powers: Eyes of the Wyrm, Immunity to Delirium,
Mega-Strength (add +4 to Strength)
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Guard #3

Powers: Fungal Touch, Immunity to Delirium
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Guard #4

Powers: Berserker, Claws and Fangs, Immunity to De-
lirium, Voice of the Wyrm

Rage: 5
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Umbra

Gauntlet Rating: 6

Scraglings

Willpower 6, Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Power 20

Charms: Incite Frenzy (difficulty is target's Will-
power +2), Materialize, Possession

Scraglings are smaller, weaker versions of Scrags —
although they are still terrors. They, like Scrags, resemble
monstrous beasts and run on all fours. The Scraglings will
not waste Power to Materialize here; they will wait for
Garou to enter the Penumbra.

|


Scene Three: Break-in

The pack is strongly advised not to try for the items during
the day; so doing would pose a danger to the Veil. Characters
should try to break in at night. This scene covers this option.
The Storyteller is on his own if they try it any other way.

To reach the exhibit at night, the pack must bypass the
security systems within the museum. This is much easier
said than done. The doors of the American Heritage
Museum are all locked from within and have cameras
trained on them at all times. The fire exit stairwells do not
have cameras and are unwatched, but the doors leading
from the stairwells are locked from the stair side (they must
be broken down to get through them).

The best method for circumventing the doors is to step
into the Umbra and slip past; the Gauntlet rating is 6. Any
other means of entry may set off silent alarms and notify the
guards of the pack's presence. The alarms are motion
sensors (see the Security Chart).

Pack members who try sneaking in through the skylight
on the roof will find that it is strictly decorative. It has been
sealed shut since the museum's opening. Forcing open the
skylight is a noisy process and will alert the two guards
posted in the room. The skylight is made from acrylic and
steel, and is not designed to be opened. Breaking the
skylight requires a Strength of 5.

The motion detectors and electric eyes will notify the
guards unless the pack members can effectively sneak past
them without being spotted. Escaping the notice of these
machines requires a Dexterity + Stealth roll (difficulty 4).
However, the character must first make a successful Percep-
tion + Alertness roll (difficulty 8) to spot the sensors in the first
place. If characters state that they are looking for security
devices, the difficulty to spot them is reduced by three.

The guards are supposedly watching all of the American
Heritage Museum, but in truth they have been assigned
specifically to the Roanoke Collection. At any given point,
two guards will be in the room, waiting for the other two to
finish their rounds and relieve them for 15 minutes. The
guards stand near the main stairs.

Fortunately, the guards are bored and talk to each other
about anything and everything. The guards are busily discuss-
ing politics and have become quite heated in their argument.

The last obstacles to be bypassed are the hard acrylic
cases surrounding all of the Roanoke treasures. These cases
are almost impenetrable and are locked in place with heavy
metal bolts that slide into the acrylic and are padlocked in
place beneath the wooden bases. A Strength of 6 is needed
to force open the cases, and the alarms placed on these cases
notify not only the guards, but the police department also.
The alarms activate only if the case is forcibly lifted from its
base. The police arrive in five minutes.

The Main Hall: The main hall is filled with posters, a
Yy gift shop, a water fountain and fire extinguishers. A small

door off to the left leads to the guards' break room. The
other two guards are likely here, slurping coffee and eating

Wi a Gh ae

donuts instead of walking their rounds. Video monitors are
also here; the guards occasionally glance at them.

The Umbra

The Penumbra-scape is a dark reflection of the Ameri-
can Heritage Museum. The halls are barren except for a few
items, most of them historical objects which participated in
such momentous events that they left an Umbral trace.

Allof the fetishes in the collection (see below) glow with
pale, silvery auras. The spear, the stone and the wolf skull
glow as brightly as a full moon. The only signs of Bane
activity in this area are the fomor guards, who are revealed
in all their corrupted glory for any character who chooses to
Peek at them. They are covered with ichorous, pus-filled
sores and gaping blisters; their limbs are withered and
gnarled, and their faces are the pale, bloated masks of
drowned men. This view will give a character insight into
their nature, but he cannot affect them from the Umbra
unless he has a Gift that allows him to do so.

The odds are strongly against the pack obtaining the
fetishes unnoticed. The best option would probably be to
sneak through the Umbra. This too has dangers, for two
Scraglings, smaller versions of Scrags, have made a home in
the American Heritage Museum, attracted by the same
artifacts the pack now seeks. "

The Roanoke Collection

Within the collection are several fetishes: the four
skeletons of the Croatan, the spear and stone, and the
Crystal Skull. All of these items do indeed have some form
of power within them: The other three weapons are all
capable of causing aggravated damage, but otherwise seem
to be nothing remarkable: predecessors to the Fang Dagger.

Though it would take many hours of research to confirm,
the fetishes are not Croatan in origin, but Uktena. True,
some of the pictograms have been forgotten, but they were
once in wide use among the Pure Ones. The craftsmanship
is indeed Croatan in nature, but in the elder days the
Uktena and the Croatan shared the same area.

Honor dictates that these artifacts be returned to the
Uktena, but some packs may want to keep them. The pack
does not have to return the fetishes to the Uktena, but if it
does, each of its members gains Honor Renown (see below),
and Uktena elders will owe the pack a favor, to be returned
in the future when the pack needs their aid.

¢ The Spear of Aranakol:

Level 5, Gnosis 8

The Spear of Aranakol is a powerful fetish once used by the
Uktena to ward off Banes. This fetish inflicts aggravated
damage. The spear has special powers against Banes, allowing
them to be attacked when possessing someone on the physical
place. The possessed person is stabbed by the spear, but is not
hurt at all; instead, the Bane takes the damage. The fetish
holder must activate the spear and roll Dexterity + Melee
(difficulty 6) for this power to work. Damage is Strength +3.

14 Storytelling Screen

Y aetna nica //,

* The Fist of Aranakol:

Level 3, Gnosis 8

The Fist of Aranakol is a red stone that weighs a full
pound and is attached to a thick rope. It is held in the hand
and whirled on the rope during combat, worn around the
waist when not being used as a weapon. The Fist allows the
bearer to use the Gift: Sense Wyrm. It also inflicts aggra-
vated damage on minions of the Wyrm (Dexterity + Melee,
difficulty 7; Strength +1 damage).

® The Crystal Skull:

Level 5, Gnosis 10

The history of the Crystal Skull is long lost, but the powers
of the skull are many, and all of them are bad. The Crystal Skull
is a prison for a powerful Bane: Shrawktoori the Reaver. The
Reaver came to Roanoke Island with the first European
settlers and immediately set out to cause as much damage as
possible while opening a pathway to Malfeas. Fortunately,
Croatan and Uktena were there to fight it. Many a Garou died
painfully in the battle. Ac last, however, the Reaver was
captured and imprisoned within the skull of Wyrm-Striker, a
Croatan Theurge destroyed by the Reaver when it first ap-
peared. The Reaver still seeks to break free.

The fetish has the following Gifts to bestow: Sight from
Beyond, Feral Lobotomy, Mindspeak, Dreamspeak, Icy
Chill of Despair, and Mindblock.

Shrawktoori can hide its influence from most Garou, but
those who gain five or more successes with Sense Wyrm will
know not to trust the thing. Each time a character uses the
powers of the Skull, Shrawktoori may attempt a Gnosis roll
(difficulty 9). Twenty-five cumulative successes allow
Shrawktoori to possess and corrupt the user. The possessed
Garou will immediately attempt to free the Bane from his
crystalline prison.

Shrawktoori's Traits are as follows:

Willpower 8, Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Possession, Reform

« The Bones:

Level 2, Gnosis 5

The bones of the skeletons are imbued with magical
energy. Whenever a Wyrm creature comes within 25 yards
of them, they will begin to rattle and shake. The skeletons
donot have to be intact todo this; even two bones will bang
themselves against each other. The bones are dormant
now, but if a Garou were to attune herself to them in the
museum, they would begin to rattle violently, as the pres-
ence of the fomor guards and Scrags sets them off.

Qenown

If the fetishes are retrieved, the characters gain one
Glory point and one Honor point each. If the pack returns
the fetishes to the Uktena, each member gains two extra
Honor points. The fomori are considered average minions
of the Wyrm for Glory Renown purposes. Refer to the
Renown Chart on pp. 190-193 of the Werewolf rulebook.



ne A"

Che Werewolf
Storytellers Screen

Second Edition

You're in the middle of running ac bat, and the
characters start t

a ZA

ay. 9 ry A598 STONECATE IND. BLYD. ISBN 1-5604-113-
i ak STONE MTN, GA 30083 ii
ATT TRSTTTT oS TF 05601

Own

PEE Ps ET a iy 7/,


To SECOND FLOOR






