# File: Storyteller's Companion.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

phe

gas a7 &

"hy

2K Sovvce book for Werewolf: The Apocalypse


JStoryfehert Cory, LF
—_~

\\. ated

By Forrest B Marchinapen and Etban Skomp }

Qe ee arres ARENT


A tft

Siuatae-Fiaced Apology

B Marchintin & Ethun Skenip ‘Our deepest apologies to Chris Howard, who was mis

on Authors: Andrew Bates,

Bricaro, Lon @kenly excluded foom the eredits of A World of Rage, dc
7 ‘toourown stupid bone-headedness. Theslight wan't inte
jonal, Chis. We'd be happy to erawl out from u

and apologize in person if you could see fit to
your ex-KGB pals now.

Developet: E:han Ske
Editor: Aileen E. Mile
Art: Mitel Byrd, Brians Lehane

Screen Art: Steve Prescomt & Sherilyn Van Valkenburgh

Jet our
off

Cover Art: Joe Coroney

Cover Desig

s Layout & Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

735 PARK NORTH BLD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

ee:

Game Stunt

2001 White Wolff
is exprealy forbidden, excep

Hist

loc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
the purpsses of reviews: und for blank character sheets, which may be repeedced for

Yarmpire the Masquerade, Mage the Ascension and Workd of Darkness are
ishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Weaith the Oblivis
nz. Hunter the Reckoning. Werewolf the Wild West, Werrwolf StorvtellersCosmpanin, A Woeld

1 Tides ate trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved, All characters, names,
Places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

The mention of or reference ro any company or product in these pages is nora challenge to the trademark

use only. White Wolf, Varapine
red trademarks of White Wolf Pi

Charweline the De
of Rage and Blood-Dimn

‘orcoprright

This book ules the supert
and intended for entett

araetets and themes. All mystic
ament purposes only. This hook con
Fot free White Wolf catalog call 1-900-454-WOLF.

Check cut White

a supernatural elements ae fiction
‘manure content, Reader diseretion is advised.

tps /www.white-wolf.com: ult.zames.whirewo

and ree.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

EAL ESS IY


a

Daemons

| INSEREWOL

Srorg Mert Cormparton
sane

Contewht
Chapder One: The Beutt-Blooded a

Stargazets, other shopechangers, animals and optional tribal weakness.

sia sine det Carat aod lie 26

|



id, the Thirteenth Tribe
arou Nation for perso

ism has created a g
them and the other
remain with their old allies fall under
suspicion. They are
longer fighting quite the same war as ch

‘You may allow players t
acters tf you so choose. How

This act of sep

but co most eyes, no

snerate Starga
be warned: Some

Chapter One: The Seast-Blooded 5
Sima

\ scateameeanienemmes

players will do so in an at
hopes of themselves. If you
allow non-standard charactersof thissort, you have an,
tion to make cereal

pe to be "diferent." in

at these indi

Werewolf sat heart Nation,
and it's. bad idea to penalize players who wane to play
full-fledged members of the Nation by favoringplayer
who would rather do something else

¢ share of your att

me about the Gar'


NY

» een mere river erenenint

re

The Star

ive always een outsiders to the
Nacion. Unlike other werewolves,

rest of the Garo

packs hu
ship: They
within the Ga

mn's typical Borders. They wen
able to wield serenity. as a weaporipyind were mgt
succesful in miscering helt Raye thagany olier ue
had ¢ ness of bedy, mind and
ve them « graceful Whity, one thir they @xe
pressed both through theie mastery off idles and
through their specialised martial @mpKailitide, They
were few in number, str lonces why served as
les, if rarely as be
6, it came av a great shock to the
athet tribes when the Stingivers aunganced thett
mnouk Nution for an
Only afew sawsuch a mave,
vin —o save few bad carefully waiched the
‘Stargazers slowly wither from lack of fareus.
‘wouldseern thatthe Stargazers'troublesstemmed
nall part from their philosophy lsfiorder|to:
throw off che Weaver's strandsg/Stargasene traifed
themselves 10 forgo attachments #0 material things,
resources, even other people: The yélhe'® numbees
shrank as their enlighiter p teeedinng wa
domething of anvafterthought to the Sta od
holding territory seemed to be wh tnuch a burden it
anything else, Unfortunately lvls made the tribe all
the more vulnerable when tlyesinall territory they did
possess came under attack,
In the latter part of th
the Wyrm caprured mu
ancestral hom

cer been. Thett wi

10"
Despite all

intention to withdraw from the

unspecified perind of

inn

century, the forces of

de Stargazer caemns in theéf
m the Himalayas and India. The
led by this, but found themselves
to properly ret
4 help from their fellow tribes, the
answer they teccived was heartbreaking. The ©
n's lands simply didn't extend into A:
lands were j of what the:
wo longerhad

send their
¢ territory would leave
nd vulnerable toatrack.

acking the ni

tribal elders re

on the fang
iteown. Worse, the arn

pare for suck
own warriors deep into he

pumberst

peffort —

roo many coemnyunderstafh

With the Black Spifal Dancers known to be strong
throughout the Grou Nation's territory, it was just
too much of a idly Though it pained many elders ofall
tribes rc admitlt. they were in no position to help. If
oretake thejpancestral lands, they

fapsistance fom asfother source
Sugitigingly, in egal
ceived ft 7

(Several of shi@lrribe's elders had long been in
coftiget withgthe shapeshifters of Asia, who were
jorganized|intW society not unlike the Garou N
This coalition of Eastern shapeshifters, the Beast Co:
Of the Emerald Mother, had long been pursuing an
extended alliance with the Stargazers, Finally, in late
1999, the Gourts sent emi:
senioceldes, beiiring 0 siniple"message:

"fe grieves us deeply to hear vif the loss of Shigalu

Monastery; long hailed ast pearl of wisdom set in the brow

iy the Himalayas, We offer ourcondolences wo th esteemed
ibe known apithe Stargazers, and propose this: If the

rgazers telling enter into alliance with over one
oor ebiies. we Wodd be honored to provide our cousins
Aiwth eee ries ant ieelignn cs assist them i chet
strugele Wreake their ands."

Srargazees' most

Aecision, Mreyocts « niessage of simple accep:
tnd thanks ta the Beast Courts — and then they
Fegan co expliitiuheir decision to the rest of the
Garou Nation, Although the news wasn't taken
Yery well, the Nationiagreed that it was better to let
the Stargazers withdraw peacefully than to ignite
Another bloody civil war in che name of "unity,"
‘And so the Stargazers began to

Of course, nor all Star;
Philosophy. Many, particularly che younger ones,
think of themselves as Westerners first and foremost
and proud members of the Garou Nation to boot
These dissidents wound up striking a compromise
with their elders. As agreed, they will remain wh
they like for a time, and assist their allies among the
other tribes. In return, they will send any new
Changed Stargazer cubs to theit elders to be trained
with the bulk of thetribe, and they will respond to the
call of their elders ifthe need is there

s agree with this

6 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

aaa

AT CT,


Nn es

Life isnt énsy foe th ss who retnam with influential, bu
a foot in each world. Me tribe gently disap their relative
proves of their independence, where

hey usually have a variety of skills tha

y call upon.
he rest af the Territory: The Stangaz

Garou Nation tends ro look ut them suspiciously, as if territory lefe 0 call their own, Many «
hey might desert fight at any mome inthelt — cuernsin the Himalayas have fallen to Wyrmish forces
relatives. But nobody ever said that being Garou was ghar have used China's military maneuvers as ¢

easy, and these

the obstacles,

sets have decided that honor Whar's more, the tribe was unwilling to forci
stow cla sfrom the other tribes, and asa result has very few
ir own in the Americas or Eu
1: This lack of definitiv
tory" has made the decision tw w
orthe

The Stargacensarea truly multiethnic
adopted the children of many bloox-
m. Many are Eu

nto their ¢
Middle to Near

ders, whoare currently

1¢ of the

reflect the tribe's
y in the

J Totem: Chimera
al Willpower: 4

Background Restrictio
Jopted into
first thing his reachy

cub

gamut from pale
gray to deep
black, and a /
light striped
pattern isn
uncommon
They ters
Jean and athletic build
rather than thick muscula-
wi
w

chim to
and fore:
proc

toward

not begin play with R
more, the Si

sha
nd mostearry themselves

a quiet calm.
Kinfolk: The
sadly lacking in strong

for the most part, burned

their bridges with the
tthe ts Garow Nation; a Star
por

theirtendency to preach self-discipline
and limited attachments to humans or

wolves cuts down on the number of

‘ns giver may not take any

Allics among. the
Nation or their

withoutexplicit
casual conceptions, The teibe originally

nd the
s spread nerass

Storyteller pe
bred with the people of Indi

Beginning
ance, Falling
Sense Wyrm

Quote

west t0 sp
branches, we

the globe, they adops
Kin, Thetribe is partic

many ethnicities as

arly interested

have lost our
seek our wolf mates

more frequently than
fone might expect

Their human Kin
tend ro be intellect.

als. and are often
people of strong con
victions besides. Me
aren't particuleely rich or

selves right befor
we can be of any
se to others,

Ry


|

ne AZ

Solemn Voice, a Stargazer Philodox, remembers
his old cohort:

Black Furies: We uresll destined to be incar-
‘naced as male and female alike in turn how much

can the Furies know if they refuse to learn from
half chete lifetimes?

Bone Gnawers: They are braver than
anyone thinks. They guard the doors chat
nobody else will guard,

Children of Gaia: We re much alike. If
they chose to pursue their goals apart from the
Garou Nation as we did, we would welcome
their e

Fianna: They ate very much in love with
their own bodies and the joy of being alive
They werealways stronger in numbers, i weaker
in discipline.

Get of Fenris: Strong of body, strong of pic
weak in compassion. If only they realized they
were one-third flawed.

Glass Walkers: The very fact thatthe Gl
Walkers hold so much influence in the G:
Nation isa sign that we were right to leave.
cannor effectively sever the strands of the
Weaver ina place where werewolves gladly
anchor her lines

Red Talons: 1 respect the purity of their
instinct, from which wisdonn flows, and mourn
their attachment to theit hatred — and I desper-
ately hope thar the one is not equal to the other,

Shadow Lords: They value cunning and
call it wisdom. They are one of the strongest
reasons why we cannot rely on others t0 und
stand our needs any longer.

Silent Steiders: They will always be welcome
in our lands. Ifanyone understands why we must
follow our own path, they do.

Silver Pango: Even if
pride, it sil

wilt to let it consume you.
Utena: They are a cautionary parable. In
contemplating the nature of your enemy, there is
always the danger of opening doors in your he:
through which it may enter.
Wendigos We parted withour ever really be-
coming friends It ¢ a humbling loss.

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

a ne a re a Ann

Tolbal Weakvaces (Opfional)

Storytellers looking to throw an additional bit of

spice inte their players' lives may be interested in the
idea of tribal weaknesses, These are inborn flaws of
character that each member of a tribe possesses — if
you choose £0 use this rule, of course. The main
advanrage to this rule is that it makes membership in
a tribe mare of a double-edged sword, emphasizing
that as far as fimily is concerned, you take the bid
with the good, However, you should be fair about
wing these weaknesses; if you decide to use these
rules, besure toler the players know, s0 they don'efeel
that you're persecuting them.

Some tribal weaknesses ure social in natures others
may be genetic, or even imposed by the tribe's spirit
nature or connection (otheir totem. e'stheStoryteller's
responsibility to enforce each weakness; the players
might conveniently "forget" now and again to play up
their handicaps when the relevant situation arises,

OF course, you don't always have to enforce a
tribal weakness, even if you've chosen to use these
‘optional rules. Many weaknesses can be overcome, of
might not apply in given situations. Of course, these
exemptions should he relatively rare (ar otherwise a
tribal weakness isn't rally « weakness tall), hut they
help make a weakness seem more like the flaws of
character that they are and less like laws of nucure
Back Fieriat

Anger: «I difficulty to enter frenzy when provoked:
bby men

The Black Furies have no tolerance for abusive
men: they have first-hand the sort of violence a
man is capable of visiting on a woman or child, and
they hear those memories within them, Pegasus her-
self reinforces the Furies' ret 1t domineer:
ing males as "part of the ruatural orden" Whenever a
Fury must make a frenzy check brought on by a male
human (or werecreature, of vampire, or similar sen:
tient humanlike being), her difficulty isreduced hy 1,
toa minimum ot Z. This weakness might be overcome
in cases where the Fury is dealing with aman she has
‘otherwise leamed to trust implicitly, or
cares for deeply.

Zone Cinapers

Social Outeasts: +1 difficulty on all Social rolls
involving other tribes

The teat of the Garou Nation just, doesn't have
uch respect for the Bone Gnawers, Even when a

sal to ace

man she


4

often

bears the unpleasant tone of "He did well
indeed...particularly for one of his tribe." As a result
jone Gnawers generally suffer a +1 difficulty modifier
ial rolls made to impress, intimidate or
fr with other tribes. This weakness is en
© me on a case-by-case basis, as other
lear to respect and even admire the Bone
Gn

itktven of lala
Because the Ch

ren of Gaia did nor participate

in the Impergiur, their tribal totem has

1s form de not suf
F reaction on

hifted up fou to"Terror"
a-weakness, but the realicy is thar withour ghe added

protection of the Vell, the Children are in d

jolating one of the Litany'smost sacred laws. Ther
no reliable way to undo this flaws in fer, if the Chi
of Gatabegins causin gDelir

it's likely co be at random (and unhelpful) interval:

Chapter One: The Beast-Blooded

eo

Fiawea

Low Self-Control: All Willpower rolls are at +1
difficulry

¢ Fianna area headily emotional tribe, given
joy, flashes of mur

nd bouts of severe ti

ancholls,

aphil

promote quite as much di

Get of Four

Intole

No Get of Fen er encouraged to comp
t tery
something she cannotabide. When confronted with
this stimulus, she will be unable to ¢ ts pes:
ence and will do everything in her power to: tid
herself of the annoyance
for her churacter (with the Storyteller ) or
9

ANY


|

a AA

ou, particularly Fentie, are expected to
nt of the Wyrm

* Cowardice — You hate cowardice i al its forts,
whictherfeurofbluadshedorfearof taking chaggein social
situations. Anyone in your pack who
ardice mustanswer to you fthvetablesare ured andyou
go into a fox frenzy, you ane so consumed with self-
Kcathing that you take unnecessary risks trying to atone
for your moment of weakness.

chosen
be intoles

monstrates cow.

+= Compromise — ¥¢
better than outright cap!
to surrender, and you se

see compromise as no

ation Tecompromiseis
n those who advoeate
such tactics. You refuse to compromise any of your
beliefs of your own accord; if leader forces you to
doo, ch ut tt does not speak well for che

judgement

* Lower Animals — Respect Those Beneath Ye?
Hardly As far ay you ate voncesned, that's @ poor
Litany rule. You defend creatures lower than yc
yourduty, but such wretches — including humans and
wolves —deserve nora whit of respect. A grave insult
froma human is enough to deive you toward from,

* Weakness — You hate physical or moral weak-
new in other, scoring those you deem weak and
refusing to tolerate such qualities in yourself; This leads
‘you to be quite tunmercifiul —those who need sparing,
in your mind, don't deserve it

* Weaver Stuif — You'e convinced that the
Weaveris the grand enemy, and refuse to let too much,
of her stuff near you — especially technology. You
expecially despise the Glass Walkers and all urrah.
‘Weapons mote complicated than hows orswordsare of
AG interest to you: the same
cal items, particulary luxury items,

att Nafiert

Weaver Affinity: Cannot regain Gnosis in wilderness

The ss Walkers' unique affinity to the spiritual
pte of the cities limits them when they ate away
from their chosen environment. They have difficulty
drawing on che Wyid's energics away from urban
regions, and cannot regain Gnosis in the wilds (save
when at a cam).

Red Tifone

Wyld Affinity: Cannot regain Gnosis in cities

onversely, the Red Talons' close ties to the
spiritual texture of the wilderness impair them when
they leave its embrace. Talons may not regain Gnsis
within a city, save when with

2eafor other technalog

an actual caer,

—_

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

Mahon Lorde

Failure's Dagger: -1 Renown for failure

Shadow Lords do not tolerate failure. Whenevera
Shadow Lord fails to carry our a task thar would
normally gsin him Glory, Honor or Wisdom, he in-
stead loses one point of temporary Renown in that
category. (If he would have gained Renown in more
thanone category, subtractonly from the category that
would have been awarded the most.) This is in addi-
tion toany Renown normally lost for his actions. This
does not affect the normal Renown process: in any
‘other way; f the Shadow Lord succeeds in the action,
then he gains the normal amount of Renown,

Lieot Stpiders

Haunted

The Silent Striders bear » twofold curse: they can
no longer rest within the boundaries of their ancestral
homeland, and they are haunted by the spirits of the
dead, When a Strider botches the roll tostep sideways,
she sends ripples through the Dark Umbra, alerting
any nearby wraithsor walking dead toher presence. [t's
almost certain thar something will show up to either
demand the Stricer's aid or try co destroy her; in areas
like old battlegrounds, cemetenes or similar places of
the dead, the Strider may atrract fit too much atten

tion for her own good.

Note: The Silent Strider fifth level Gift: Reach
the Umbra will allow a Strider to enter and exit the
Limbra without fear of this curse

Sor Senge

Derangement

‘Years of inbreeding with limited flocks of Kinfolk
have taken their toll on the Silver Fangs. Each Silver
Fang begins play with a Derangement that can be
overcome only temporarily. The character's madness
ay be chosen by the player (with the Storyteler's
approval) or taken from the list below.

* Amnesia — In a highly stressful and traumatic
cieuation, you forget who you anes

* Manic-Depression— You suffer from wild mood
swings ranging from wild bliss to utter despair, You
begin each story in one phase o the other and can
switch back and forth for any number of reasons.

* Multiple Personalities —Thereareanumberof
different personalities housed within your head, You
imay switch your name, Nature and Demeanor during
times of great stress.

ey 2


* Obsession — You tend to latch on to someone

orsomethingand make him oritthe focal pointof your
life.

* Paranoia — You see the Wyrm's influence in
We thing Don'tcheotherssee ittoo? Perhapsthey've
been corrupted as well.

* Perfection— You work hard to keep everything
in Your life going pertectly at all times. You use all of
your energy to prevenr things from going wrong and
have been known to frenzy when things don't go in
vour favor

* Power Madness — You are obsessed with con-
aol and dominance aver others

'* Regression — Youtend torevert tochildlike (or
cublike) behavior during times of extreme stress.

Siargacers

Obsessive Mind Games.

‘The Stargazer who fails an Enigmas roll becomes
obsessed with the riddle, unable to concentrate on
sanything else until he finds the solution. During this
time, the Storyteller may choose from a number of
‘minor effects to represent this inward obsession (only
cone at atime, though). Examples include shutting the
world out (+1 difficulty w all Perception rolls) or a
slow reaction to outside stimuli (+1 difficulty to all
Initiative rolls).

Kena

Intense Curiosity

The Uktena are almost pathologically compelled
tw unravel any mysteries presented to them; their
piritof secretsand hidden lore, andl they feel
‘strong compulsion to bring more knowledge to.
Ultena's side. When an Uktena leans that somebody
knows something he doesn't, he becomes distracted
until he's able to wrest the secret free. The Storyteller
‘may impose varouspenaltteson the character until he
can learn the secret. Examples include having trouble
concentratiny(+1 difficulty for all Willpower rolls),
shove temper (-L dificulty to frensy) ora surly dispesi-
tion (+1 difficulty for Social roll).

However, when an Ukeena fas gained the truth
behind @ secret in a particularly ingenious or clever
fashion, he may gain a temporary point of Wisdom
Renown or regain a point of spent Willpower
(Storyteller's option).

Noodigo
Wheel of the Seasons

The Wendigo have long lived in a very close
relationship wich the Earth and its ever-changing

Chapter Ons

> a

—$ ____

SN Nn ee

seasons. They have a different weokness during differ
enttimesofthe year, but they g
season of their totem.
Spring: +1 dificuley to Willpowe
beancy of new life distracts the Wendige
Summer:-1 lifficulty to ftenzy rol
traditional season of war
Fall: + 1 difficulty to change-ormns; the world slows
down in aurumn, and fewer new things are born.
Winter: -1 difficulty on soak eolls; winter i the
Wersligo'seeacon,an dl
fortify themselves durin

The Fara

In the War of Rage, the Garou decimated the other
breeds of shapeshifters that populated the world, Many
races were driven to extinction, Orhem were whittled
down to a faction of their numbers, and driven int
hiding. The werewolves have heard lithe or nothing of
them ever since. However, a few of these other
shapeshufters — the Feta —atill su

Needless to say, few of the Rera courit the Gaia at
allies. Mostare raisedontalesofthewerewolvesmurder:
ing their ancestors, and are taught never to so much as
show themselves toa Garou, However. sametimescurt
sity getsthe better of a young shapeshifter. Sometimes
a Fera who still feels loyaley to Gaia cresses paths with
a werewolf pack when chasing the same Wyrmish prey
Anal sometimes n Fer 2
in the name of revenge, Such
mon — bur they do happen.

There have never been any shapeshifters bom of
domestic animals;the:

npowerin winter the

we theirhate and anger te
this time.

he werewalf

example, legend holds that there was once a
"bull-shitters." shapeshifters who bred with the mighty
aurochs, « powerful breed of wild cartle — but these
Fera were unable ro carry on their line with domestic
cattle (and only desperation would hi

1 forced the
reborn race of bull-shifters dies! with them

There isn't room in this book to detail the Fera,
Traits anid all, as thoroughly as we might like. Each
Changing Breed is: detailed separately in heir own
Changing Breed book, from Bastet and Nuwisha to
Rokea und Nagah (the latter ewo available in 2001)
The following aummaries, however, should offer hess

ning Storytellers a brief overview on the wins of crea
tures sharing Gaia's blessing
Storytellers may find the s

and even experienced

nple shapeshifter statistics

he Beast-Blooded it

ATEN


AZ

helpful in a pinch. Each entry comes with an overview
of*Sugqestea! Traits" hharthe Storytellermay ind useful
in bulding Fera antagonists or rivals, and a sample
of the Breed in question (with Artrihutes in:
parentheses representing the Crinos form or stuilar war
form if no Cros exists). Gift lists given ate also very
vague; Storytellers should feel free to add extea Gifts 10

af chey seem particularly appropriate (such as a
wereraven possessing a Gift that is taught by « raven
vels than the Garou might learn
‘tangle by wol- spirits should
el for Fera than they ane for C )

spirit), even at lower

them. (Conversely
be of a higher le

Avant

Perhaps the most alien and disturbing of
shopeshifters are the Ananasi, the werespiders. Even
the Rokea, cold-blooded though theystiay be, don't
breed with invertebrates: The Anafiasharea mysteri
ousand; riven by iiteieane lave ro purse

ihless race
theit own ends. Th
buttle for Gata, instead wording for the direct benefit
of their rice — and possibly foward some other: more
ambitious goal.

Thewerespidersrarglyactin Rizianerens
Fera, they aren't reallylpael creatures, These might be
three les inainy cieyofsignificantstzcand
importance (alourrhiggae of Raleighor:annes) —mone
in larger cities, wherethey have uote root ta hide The
Anuanasi of any giverpatea keep in loose contactowith
another, coopensting when the needs these rl ating
alone the rest of thetime.

[e's very rate for a werewolt to ¢rosepachs with an
Ananastand actually know it; th@werespiders prefer to
keep out of sight for reasons of survival, and their
‘notably unemotional nature doen't drive them to
seek revenge for age-old vendettas, Even $e, a Garou
pack — particularly one thi an Glass Walker
circles—mightaccidentally stumble intoawerespider's
web of intigue. Whar happens next is entirely up to
the pack «nd the werespider in question...

Suggested Teaita: The Anwuast do not possess
nstead, they must drink fresh mammatian blood
fuel theit powers. An Ananasi has blood pool of up

blood points" (although higher-ank werespiders
ama possess more). The werespider may spend a blood
pointto heal a health level of non-aggrayated damage,
fogninanex

on inaturn.or togenerate webbing
(which is as strong as one mighr expect). When she
runs our of blood points, she's very hungry, but suffers
no other ill effects. Ananasi can gain nutrition from
the blood of other shapeshifters —and some enjey the

12 Werewolf Storytellers Compas

—— nae

canain fangely aloof fron the!

burcannot drink the blood of

taste of such a "treat":
the undead.

Without Rage, the werespiders are riot especially
vulnierable-to silver. They can enter the Peaumbra
without rites or Gifts, butfind ir easter to do where the
Gauntlet is high and much more difficult in areas
without many strands of the Weaver's webs. They
have multiple limbs in some forms, but do not gain any
‘extra actions from this henefit any more than a person
with two hands can perform a separate complicated
action with cach hand. (They do find grappling easier
with multiple limbs, however.)

Generally speaking, each Ananasi tends t follow
‘one of the Triat rather than Gaia. This choice affects
ural abilities. The Weaver's followers
(che most numerous) tend to have Gifts and rites like
those of the,Glass Walkers, the Wyld-aspecced
werespidert havelBlack Fury and Ukeena-like traits,

m wnasi use tricks like those of the

bean tke four forms—a\ human form,
SBybrid (which vanes from

Da eides the ok of

sized spiders
Wheo jAnanasicarbe huctand
Seat billed ey by Welrying every lsc spider
(ho can all flee, ta separn ey An Ananasi
who loses mest ober spidets i this form, or whose
component spiders seatter 106 far from one another,
can still reform ifs full health o¥er rime, although she's

likely £0 love any' i c

Inthis tay, the Ag
always ata cast,

Corporate Pifppaher

Attributes: Strengch 2 (6), Dexterity 3 (5),
Sumnina 2 (5), Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (1), Ap:
pearance 4 (0), Intelligence 3, Perception 3, Wits 2

[Note: The Attributes in parentheses don't repre
sent a Crinos form, b asi's "Pithus"
fonts — 8 tithe
Alehough her Pithus (or "Pit Spider") form weighs
only 160 pounds or so, it's strong and durable well
beyond its bulk.|

Abit
rimidation 2, Primal-Urge 1, Subterfuge (easy
versation) 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Perfor-
mance 2, Stealth 3, Campuiter 3, Fnigmas 1, Investiga-
tion 4 (blackmail), Law 2, Linguistics 2, Politics 3,
Rituals 3, Science 1


Gitts: (1) Control Stimple Machine; Open Seal,
Persuasion, Resist Toxin; (2) Jam Technology, Power
Surge, Sense of the Prey, Taking the Forgotten (can
apply to blood drained from a victim); (3) Reshape
Object, Venom Blood, Visceral Agony (4) Cocoon
Blood pool: 12; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 7
Attacks: Bite (7iice), claw (7dice), The Atianasi's
venom automatically and insuincly paralyzes mcetals
By spending a Gnosis point, she can paralyze super

‘creatures such as werewolves and even vam-

pies; todo so, she must roll Gnosis against a difficulty
of the victim's Stamina + 4 (maximum 9). To recover
from this paralysis, che victim must do the equivalent
of healing four levels of lethal damage: for example,
paralyzed Garou would have to regenerate for four
turns (without actually healing any wounds he might
have) until the poison is neutralized.

Roleplaying Hints: Asa creature of the Weaver,
the Corporate Puppeteer is equally at home in board
rooms or sewer tunnels. Without the chreaPGhRagd
driving her to frenzy, she ts able to live a ddable it
hecday job is the personal. sone ofthe most
prominent corporate figures in the city, With aecess
this contact list and sectets alike, shefsubletgpush
forward her own agendas with remarkable:
Avnight, sh nts the most exclusivegtt
nightclubs — where she finds her prey. She ig ru-
mored to havea few connecticng==oreveh pawns
among the vampire community, althougl this tay
simply be paranc avoids combitt, preferring to
attack enemies through third paruesethy stealthy but
if pressed reverts to the form of monstrous black
widow and strikes to kill,

eathif

The Bastet are some of the Garou's bitterest tivals,
and in many ways the polaroppysites of the werewolves,
The Bastetare werecats—not shapeshifters who take the
form of domesticcats, bur rather werebeastswhoxeanimal
forms are those of the great cats of the world. Where
werewolves eee pack onlenale

Garou are social and feel ilbatease working without
othersof their kind; the Bastet hoard their secrets, eluc-
tant to trust others. The had blood beeween Buster and
Garou is legendary; even life-and-death situations are no
sure way to convince the two races to cooperate.

Although very few Garou could na
there are nine tribes of Bascet in existence.

* The Bagheera are the wercleopards of Africa
and Asia, and serve as lorekeepers to their kind, They

them all,

Chapter One:

Qe neers.

as ARPA PENN ers mee

he Beast-Blooded

are the tribe most likely to deal with other Bastet
tribes, although they ate still loners at heart

© The Balam ate the werejaguars of Central anid
Souith America; an embittered and decimated tribe of
ttioes desperately trying to hold on to what
their territory

* The Bubasti, sorcerous werecats with ties to
anciomt Exyps, ace un the brink of extinesion. Their
Kyphur cat Kin are apparently extinct, and other
Bastet tribes whisper that the Bubasti
sort of "deal with the devil" to survive
have without feline breeding stock

* Only a very few Ceilican, the fey and wisch
touched European wildeat-shifters, survive in the 2
century. The tribe underwent three great puree —the
first being the War of Rage, the sevord a feud with the
fac uring the Middle Ages, and the most recent an
"Attick by the Black Spiral Dancers on heir greatest
<onckive. Those that survive have gone back into
igh. perhaps never to reemerge.

* TheKhan Werctigers ure the wariornobility of the
(ait, EMMI aa sercfhureras
to be found amonk the cat-shifters. Regrettably, the
waning formunes of the tiger species have put the Khan in
simulae straits; lke the Ceilican and Bubwoti, they may
soon die ue forever
Wefecouyar Pumonca are survivors first,
loners éecand, and servants of Gaia third. After suffer
ing, hgay losses inthe Second War of Rage, they
retreated tothe mountains, where they jealously guard
their secluded rafrtifiga even today,

# The Qualmnl werelvnxes are a particularly secre-
tivgOt. given dhidingin the farthest northwoods and
spadiking solely in riddles. These creatures havetmuch in
common with the Uktena; a few very secee alliances
etween the two are quite possible

© The Simbaare the werelions, and they areevery
inch as proud and belligerent -as one might expect
They are one of only two Bastet cibes to actively
cooperate in prides, and
dangerous as a Garou pack

ave made on

as Long as they

imbat pride ts every inch as

© The other cooperative tribe, the Swara
wwerechcerahs are a particularly reclusive breed, very
much concemed with the preservation of theie f
lies und cheetah Kin. They are swift as the win
possibly with the potential robe even greater messen:
sets than the Silene Striders.

Suggested Traits: Bastet are not as strong as
Garou, although they are quicker and more destetous.
"They are equally likely tospecialize in Physical, Social

an |


—s

it Mental Attiibuit
seduction
portions, Gifts

j the werecats enjoy physical

challenges in equal
th and sheer dexter-
arize the Bastet focus be:

prowess ni men

perception
although indi.
tricks, and
c were

his Cequites the we wf a Le

though some werecats are able to circumvent
the Gauntlet withinan area they've ritually marked as

their own,

Saphoers Spy
Attributes: Strength 2 (5), Dexterity 4 (6),
Stamina 3 (5), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (0), Ap-
pearance 3 (0), Intelligence 3, Perception 5, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 4, Ath
3, Inimidars
fuge 3, Drive 1
Stealth4,$

the Level Three
Senses, Hare's Leap

pus Gift,
on, Silence;
orance, Byes of the Cat [as the Level
Three metis Gift), Spirit of the Fray: (3) Gr
Pulse

Leap,
of the Invisible

Rage: 3; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 6

Attacks: Bite (6 dice), claw (6 dice)

Roleplaying Hints: The Bagheera Spy isa living
piece of the night born into black leopard form. He
prowls the urban jungle and the local wildemess with
‘equal ease, although he longs for a territ
call his own. He's well aware that a local sept of
werewolves is in the area, and tries to avoid the "dogs"
as much as possible —however, hiscuriosity often leads
him to investigate problems that the local Garou are
checks well. He h
equipment of surveillance prefers 10
‘observe firsthand, concealed in the shadows, He does
nor hate ws fervently as his late mentor did
but he sill resents them and has no desive to see thet

do well for themselves
Com

Ifthe Garou ha
remaining among the

y he can truly

of high.

hing close to actual friends
era, those friends would be the
Corax. The werctavens never approved of the War of
Rage, but were largely spared during the war. Many
tribes, including the Gc of Fenris and Fianna looked
the other way while the Corax escaped. In return, the
wereravenshavebeen alitcle mote forgivingthan most
Fera with regards to the War of Rage. They know that

|


the current generation isn't responsible tor their an-
ccestors' deeds — but they also know that werewolves
are creatures with very short tempers, and so they keep
their distane
‘The Comx's original task was ro carry news of the
‘Wyrm ftom one sept to the next, from Garou to Fera
and back. They haven't abandoned thar duty, but
these days they prefer to be much more discreet. They
send their warnings coverdy, via anonymous email or
by spreading rumors. When the werewolves descend
on the threat they' smously pointed out, the
Coras sit high above chi baile in eaven form, making
sure that the Garou do a — and helping
themselves to some of the Ie ge after the
werewolves leave.
Suggested Traits: Corax are by Nm
smiichines. They haveonly three forms:

coutfighta human but little else. Most Corax prefer ng
to even consider the idea of getting mvolved 8a
bloody brawl; what good would thar do?
Many Corax ire able to harden theit
then hut them ike cs wee in Conf

theircomber ably. Ragabash gl
are particularly appropriate. Cor ‘i

seem tole Prerable

nna

sun, not the moon; they do not i
woilver, and they do not posse
toward high Gnosis, very low Rage anif average Will
power; they can frenzy, bue their Rage is usually so low
that this is a very tare occurrence. The wereraven's
Crinos form invokes the Delirium in human wimestes,
although tom lesser extent than usual.

Wereravens, of cours, fly to get around; in Crinos
form, they fly roughly asquickly asa Hispo Garou runs,
and are even faster in. Corvid. They can step sideways
aseasily asany werewolf, andareadept at maneuvering
dirough the Umbra. Finally, Corx possess the unusual
talent of divining tnformauion. fox corpses. Essen
tially, a Corax that devours the eyeball of w corpse is
able to see the last few minutes of the deceased's life
from the deceased's point of view —seeing the unfor
tunate person's last sight just as they saw it

ST pecfance Courker

Autributes: Strength 2 (5), Dexterity 4 (6),
‘Stamina 3 (5), Charisma 3, Manipulacion 3 (1), Ap-
pearance 2 (1), Intelligence 3, Perception 4, Wits 4

Qe ne areene

IN ee

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athleties |, Dowlie 4, lamput
thy3,Expressicin 1, Primal Urge 1, Sereetwise-4, Subrer
fuge 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Ste
Investigation 4, Law 1, Linguistics 2,
cult 3, Politics 1, Rituals 1, Science 2

Gifts: (1) Open Seal, Persuasion, Scent of the
True Form, Truth of Gain; (2) Sense the L
Sight from Beyond, Taking the Egégoiten

Rage: |; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 6
Claw (6 dicg)

Roleplaying Hints? The Freelance Courier has
contacts among the local sepe of Garou, but they
don't know that he's anything other than a simple
well-intentioned Kinfolk (0 a non-local tribe. He
cultivaresqilelttich demeanor, threatening that if the
BeccewolVes try to pres-gang him intoanythingother
‘thin memenger duty, he'll he gor flash, He may
hays aeoncact among the sept that knows his ue
"Tratuke, bur having heard plenty of tales

anno Garou dot ather shapechany
Mie 1s sworn to ultimate secrecy. Th
Ciitier ts as sassy as his raven relatives, although he
nigys better than to tease werewolves too much
tha€&a job hest feft for someone better suited to
surviving an angry werewoll's claws

Grd

Many human mythologies paint
vdyenth
asc the sane tis
Gurahl, the were!
their share of
passion more than do other
‘Some say that the werebears were once thi
mentors and instructors, teaching the werewolves how
to heal ax well as harm. Unfortunately, when the War
of Rage began, the wer red todeal
with entire packs of werewoly
vanished into extinction.

Only a handful of werebears survi
mint of tune have been
for years — sometimes even centuries, As the
Apocalypse' final battles draw ne:
of the werebears are awakening. Although the entite
tace iso larger than a single C
honor-bound to try and sive Gi
fulfilling their ancient duty as healers. Unfortunately.
some young Gurahi. upon of theirnice's hard
times, swear eevenge eather than forgiveness

The Gu

‘ompater 4
Medicine 1, Oc

bear as both

pears were t

and very nearly

toxlay, and
fuibernanton

rer, more el

ou tribe, they arestill

rahl almest never appear te the Ciara


ee

ee A

stew septs have deputized packs to seek out legends ofthe
cold werebears, trying desperately to fina and enlist the
scant healers that remain. Bycating, protecting and en-
listing the ald of;anagruabivereicar would be a source of
‘ereat hondfiinong the'septs thaclhiiye given up on old
prejudices — but regrettably, so few Gurabil survive that
the task seems a nea:

Gicgpesced ai aes che fall rage of
‘ve forms, and ace‘generally very étrong and taggh —
ifslow=ein most dfthen. Anungry werebear isstrong
enough to uproot ttiteyy even lhe doesn't move very
quickly, Gurahl do hee spead) Rage to gain exten
actions — each Rage paint they spend acids an extra
do te hala aE werebenrs' Gifts
tocus on healing and he.lth: powers thar preserve lite
coc maligne strongerine so0x choices, Werebears iis y
bbe of ny auspice, although the fore "horhiended"
moon signs tend to Ke younger and the more serene

ices af tually Older

Umibmally acy lal fire to step side:
won The "ese a aise

Theurge Gifts are particularly appropriate, although
 Gurahl will hue Gifts of her auspice lis, The race
ishighly itu areknowat least

few rites; many devote sighificantly more attention
wo rites than to Gifts,

rahl breed with three major types of bear: black
‘beurs and polar bears. (The rarer breeds:
such as spectacted bears seem to have no Gurabl Kin

porig them, and pandas aren't compatible with the
ial at all.)

Soret Guardian

Attributes: St
ina 4 (9),

ngth 4 (9), Dexterity 2 (1),
sisma 4, Manipulation 3 (0), Ap:
|. Perception 3, Wits 2
lertness 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 1, Empa-

thy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, ral: Uge 4,
Animal Ken 4. Crafty 3, 1

tunics 1, Medicine 4, Qcrul 3, Ria
1) Mother's Touch, Razor Clay Resise
pirit Speech, Truth of Gaia; (2) Comat
piri, Kingof the Beasts, Luna's Aina Snag the
Predator; (3) Exorcism, Name the Spirit Reshipe
5 (4) Beast Life, Call Blemennal, Sekenitys (5)
(the Great Benst, Wall of Granite

Attacks: Bite (10 dice), claw (10 dice)

Roleplaying Hints: The Forest Guantian fell into

‘a mystical hibernation two hundred years ago, and has
recently awoken to find his forest overrun with tourists,
coutdoorenthusiastsand surveyor. He'sawalkingansach-
fonism, one more suited to dealing with the early 18th
century than the 21st, He struggles to understand the
thumans that are new so numenousin hissacred land, but
theysareslowly making his Rage grow. This mightyelder
doesn't trust Garou, and it will take a major effort to
inake him reveal his presence to anyone he suspects of
beiny 50 much as werewolf Kin,

Mokofe

‘The Mokolé are also called "the Dragon Breed,"

sand for wood reason. Although these shapeshifters
breed with crocodilians and monitor lizards, cheir war
colossal monstersas much dincsaurordragon
‘else. Such isthe birthright of the Memory
he Mokolé have no fixed Crines form, but
each one instead takes a form that they "remember"
from long, long aga

The Mokolé were especially hard-hit during
the War of Rage — many Garou saw the reptilian
shapechangers as too close to the Wyrm's image to
be coincidental, Asa result, the Dragon Breed has
a deep grudge against the werewolves. and many
react with violence if they find werewolves tres
passing in their territory. They aren't urban crea
tures, and most gather in areas where their reptile
Kin flourishes; most American Mokolé live in the
southem swamplands where the alligators a
They're social creatures, and although they don't
form packs. they do gather in small geoups to
defend what few caemns are lett to them,

Most werewolves go their whole lives wit
even hearing of a living Mokolé. For their part, the
crocoalile-shifters are well aware of the Garou's con-
tinued existence, and they archappy tostay well clear
‘of any territory that might boast werewolves. A
jaro pack is likely to creas.a Mokole's path only in
Bere oF cron Reouatay, i's puasible dust a gtoup of
Cees mighend a pack oil pe
‘but only atthey:

again. It's also po
save w
‘indo

ofa peacemaking mission,
in‘tmifid neverseeipe that pack
that werewalg@s working 10

0 Heine drained might
Spina

form of a Mokolé, bur

deneSeCaRlFes He

Suggested Traits: Metote went
bbuc they make up fori ini
oly three forms — human, reptile (usually alligator

16 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

TY,


or crocodtle, but monutor lizards and even Gila mon:
sters are possible) and Crinos. A Mokolé's Crinos
form is highly variable; no two are alike. Each
swerecrocodile'sform isa powerful amalgam of various
dinosaur raits, usually cowering up co 12 feet long
even larger. They may possess homs, claws, armor,
Jong Tyrannosaur teeth — roughly one unusual tit
per Gnosis point

Mokolé have auspices that are hased on the sun's
position at che time of their birth (or hatching), but
that are otherwise similar to Garou's auspices. Their
Giftsare quite varied; selection of Ahroun, Philodox
and Children of Gaia Gifts might represent « Mokolé
warrior. They don't possess many Gifts, however; hey
ate hesitant to rely too much on magic. Theirability
remember things that their ancestors saw is quite
remarkable; each Mokolé has the equivalent of the
Philodox Gift: Wisdom of the Ancient Ways. They
have difficulty stepping sideways, and require aspectal
Level Three Gift t do so.

Wchlawelt Elohegitt

Attributes: Strength 3 (7). Dexterity 3 (2).
Stamina 4 (8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (0), Ap-
pearance 3 (0), Intelligence 2, Perception 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 4 (swimming)
Brawl 2, Empathy f, Primal-Urge 2,Surveewive 1) Subter-
fage 1, Animal Ken 3, Crafts 1, Drive 2, Stealth 2,
‘Survival 2, Computet 1, Investigation 1, Law 2, Linguis-
ties 2, Medicine 3, Polities 2, Rituals 2, Science 4

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Faral Flay, Razor Claws
(used on her horn), Resist Pain; (2) Awe, Clap of
Thunder, Luna's Armor

Raget 6; Gnonis 5; Willpower: 7

Attacks: Bite (8 dice), horn (8 dice), tail lash
(8 dice bashing)

Roleplaying Hints: The Wetlands Biologist isa
strange mix of past and present; although a child of
the modern world with a good scientific education,

she can see thousands of years into the past thanks to
her inherited memeiae: She spende musch of

doing research in the field, where she also keeps up
with her alligator Kin and the occasional fellow
Mokolé. She is idealistic and proud, and has sibo-
‘aged more than one team of humans trying to
her swamps ordump toxic waste there. She has never
met a werewolf, and although she'd like to be open:
minded about the Garou, she has vivid memories of
dying at awerewolfsclaws. She is gentle and friendly
to those she considers on her side, but bitter and
vicious to those ghe considers enemies. In her Crinos

Chapter One: The Beast-Blooded

Qe Sa ares

I

form, she resembles 2 streamlined reptile shaped like
a seal, with long Triceratops-like horns and clawed
flippers. Her back is heavily plated, and her vail is
thick and flexible like an alligator's. In this form, she
is clumsy on land but remarkably swift and d
when swimming.

Naga

To the Garou—in fact, to virtually every last one
of the Feta —the Nagah area myth. As faras everyone
else is concemed, the wereserpents survive only in
Indian legends of the Naga, shapechifring water ser
pents that guard treasures atthe bottoms of riverbed
However, the Nagah managed to survive the W:
Rage, and these poisgaus creatures have «
preserved the sectet
generations. Iris ai
wereserpent 1ghtev
shapeshifter(6t suparn
who violatgthiy ec
witnesses ar
tw forget they ever saw the Naj first place
Even sho gpirie world cannot B existence of

the werestepents, for those 9 know of the
Nagah dre compelled to on the matter
Ig their war for semble giant cobras

withy barrel chests ul, clawesd arms; their
hogds are often ritualistic patterns. They
breed with poids stakes only, preferably cobs

"The Nagar thermsclvesthe self-appointed
police fore sbagaapeshfter. Aceon othe
legends, itis le to punish the
‘worst criminals of Breed — at least
those tha eee grished by ther owas Kind A
Gurahl who tran

fully
heir gyptinued survival for
the Nagal fors

to another

fay kind). Those

waar

ed Fe

who use their gained
‘or Weaver — these are the Nigah's targets. They
always operate in ewos or threes; the wereserpents arc
apparently too paranoid to work alone
rggestod Trail
almost a match for Garou. Their poison is exception:
ally deadly — although there's only enough for about
three injectionsorso,a good dose from i Crinos-form
Nagah does seven health level of ddlamage
(which werecreatures can soak). They can shift into
five forms, but only use Homid, Crinos and theie
cobra form regularly.

Like most other shapeshifters, they hive Rage
and use it in the usual fashion, Their Gifts tend to
focus on stealth and detection, although they also

Nagah are ewift and seenng.

17

ANY


et 1b

have plenty of Gifts thar sharpen theie killing pow-
ers. Uktena Gifts are particularly appropriate, as are
any Gifts caughe by snaake-spirits. Nagah are able to.
eathe underwater when in their Crinos or Hispa-

ti

Tile of Awattnt
Attributes: Strength 2 (5), Dexterity 4 (
5 fanipulation 3 (0)
pearance 3 (0), Intelligence 3, Perception 3, Wits 3

Abilities: A wl 3,

tess 1, Athletics 1, Bi

Dodge 3; 1, Primal-Unge 2, Subrerluge 4,
Eriquerte 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Performance 3,
Stealth 4, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguis-

tics 2, Politics 3, Rituals 1
(1) Heightened

ennses, law, Mother's

Touch, Scent of Running Water, Sense Wyrm, Shrousl;
we, Luna's Armor, Sense af the
{which allows

Nayah 10 wipe out an opponent's memory of an en:
counter with the Noh as if they suffered from the
Delirium, ireosts two Gnsish (3) Coup de Grace, Eye
of the Cabra, Lnvisibility, Paralyzing Spare; (4) Open
Wounds, Whelp Bexly

Rag a

Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 6

Attacks: Bite (6 dice), claw (6 dice)
Roleplaying Hints: The Trio of As
shouldn't even enter a chronicle unless 9 p
shapechanger is horribly betraying his duty
others of his kind are able to
of his treason). When the trio arrives, they do their
best co kill the target as quietly as possible, without
leaving any trace of their presence (but revealing
evidence of their target's. wrongé
trained to strike without h
enjoy killing — only by
each death they deliver can they keep th
from by
solitude of

dno

op him (or even learn,

ut they do not

station,

and corrupt. Howev'
ikes them terribly lonely,
tight be cempeed to be
ice with the players' characters for
ment, s long as they are able to keep their true
identities completely secret

Niwitha

Although few Garou haveanythingeven closeto

they
st a

proof that the werecoyates still exist. most wouldn't
be surprised if they found our that a few managed to
hold on. The Nuw dren of Coyote, anid
emulate their Trickster parton in

ore ways than


one. Old Ulkreriajand Wendigo tales tiokd that «hey
were the Latighter Of Gaja, put on the earth in order
to lighten "others? ihurdens!aind teach the foolish
lessons. Of Coutsey the Nuwisha share Old Man
Cayore sense of (roablemaking and-mischief, and
cerinto plenty of rrouble for following their instincts
id of their brains.

‘The Nuwisha canbandle themeelvoe BPs, bc

AY
in
they'cehot very warlike nextto the Garou. They handle
theicafinirs bypteal th, tke ws eotirespecies of Ragabash,
The most clever among their rinks fite,even able to
disguise themselves ns werewolves in otdet:tp covertly
attend Garou moots.

When a werewolf's path ctéliyes that of a
werecoyore, (t's usually an instance where the Nuwisha
Ihusdecided to teach the werewolfalesson. The Nuwisha
caretully studies her tas observing the werewolf and
notingall his greatest laws. When she pullsa trick, i's
one designed to expase the werewol's flaws of eharac-
ter and hopefully embarrass him sufficiently that he

ends his ways. OF course, she also reserves some
pranks for the Wyrm's servitors — such pranks are
usually more deadly than instructive, leaving behind a
lesson for others along che lines of "don't do what chis
their Wilipowerisoften average at best. T
and lithe, companitively 5
are only as large asa werewol?s Glabro, (Modify their
forms to reflect an increased Dexterity, but with
Strengt
comparison to the Garou's forms.) Nu
possess Rage, and cannot fre
them. no particular proble
trickery and Umbral travel
Young bafiltrader
Attributes: Strength 2 (4), Dexterity. 4 (7)
nina 2 (5), Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (2), Ap-

carance 3 (0), Intelligence 2, Perception 3, Wits 4
Abi

snd Scamina bonuses thar are quite modest in
don't
however, silvercauses
. Their Gifts focus on

Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1
, Empathy 2, Expression 2, Subterfuge 4.
Crafts 1, Eniquette |, Performance 3, Stealth 3,Enigmas
1, Investigation 1, Linguistics 3, Polities 3, Rituals |
Gifts: (1) Ope cent of Running Water,
Persuasion, Spirit Speech, Tagatong; (2) Blissful lgno-
ance, Distractions, Taking the Forgorten; (3) Grasp
the Beyond [lower rank for Nuwisha}, Great Leap

Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 6
Attacks: Bite (5 dice), claw (5 dice)

Chapter One: The Beast-Blooded

ee

Roleplaying Hints: The Young tnfiltrator his
decided to "blend in" with the local werewolves, for
reasonsof her own. She has spent enough time watch
ing the locals to understand who might be the most
sympathetic to her fi

red plight, and how best to

phrase her cover story. She might even rake a particu
in the players' pack, choosing to offer her
"mentorship" to them, af even to tempt one of dhe

bers into clandestine roll in the hay

et fertile, but there's

} Once she's gotten into po
tion topulla trick that pots outone ofthe local sep
major weakness

she'll der so and promptly vant
leaving the werewolves to puzzle out just what went
wrong and how they can fix it. Then again, if she's
discovered — no disguise is perfect, after all — she
might have to leave early. Werewolves don't have
much by way of a sense of humor

Ratkle

The story goes that once Gaia entrusted the care

grain in order to control human population,
Garou decided to take over the job of shepherdi
humanity, they came into conflict with the Ratkin
‘The Rakin lost the War of Rage — but they survived.
Now the wererats ate bitter and hateful, gathering in
turban warrens and awaiting the day that they can get
hack at werewolves and humans alike

Almost all Ratkin ate urban, although they don't
like the cities all chat much —ta the Rutkin point of
view, the Weaver should be bombed back inte: the
Stone Age so that the world does'
clutches. Rackliihlive alove/hate re
their whan wartens —itiesiaze the best pl

e for rats

to survive, but they reek of the Weaver. Most Ratkin
havea very Jaw-errimacion of finan lie; to many
elders, 1EWould be most desirable 90% o

S068 ¢hBuman population si

inuler
much space. As
lence, sab

1 without taking
in are maste

wore apie we

Rarkin are almait never helpful 2 or suippartive of
Garou, sae Rive a grudging/tespect for the
Bone Gnawers (wh0y afterall, foligi che same totem)
Most Rarkin that: ait, ee to encounteate
Partiesof wererat assassins het orh-venge — or Kan ot
Ser lee J to destroyinygissanuch
Weaver-stuff as posse

AEG


Suggested Trait
Homidy

atkin have only chree forms:
ens. They are only marginally
stronger than humans in their Crinos form, but they're
notably quick and tough. Individual Rarkin may he of
ard (the hands of the Ratkin died
of Rage, and their lore was lost). Metis are
on in the tribe. A Ratkin's Gifts are often
ate maximum chaos or totake wlan tage
urbinenvironment (Ragabash and Bone Gnayfer
Gifs ate particularly appropriate). Rang dag ine
rn fetish weaponsauchaschainsawsand powerdalls,
Anti saan Soho
Attributes; Strength 2. (3), Dexterity 4 (8)
Scamina 4 (i), Chatiing (0), Manapylacion 3 Ape
pearance 2 (O),Ingelligence 3, Penception3, irs 4
Abilities: Athleties 2, Braet, Dodge 4 Expres=

ont, Intimidation 3
4,

Crafts 3, Drive 1
Survival (urbe) iputer 1, Investigation 3, Lin
gubtics 1, Politics 1, Seience 3
1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Control Simple
Resist Toxin, Sense Wyrm; (2) Curse of
Shutrl of the Preelater [chittering rather than
an actual sacl)

Rage: 5,

‘rnos and Ro

fairly cot
tailored toc

Attacks: Bite (4 dice), fang dagger, portable ro
tary saw (8 dice aggravated)

Roleplaying Hints: This Ratkin is, to put it po
litely, om the edge. He runs a very real danger of frenzy
atany moment, and is subject to panicattacks ifthings
‘against him. He's paranoid to a point, sure
that exery room is full of security cameras

sding

finforacion back to the Weaver. He doesn't like
Grou much, having heard plenty of storiesabouthow
‘werewolves like to kill wererats for fan. He might help

The only known aquatic Changing Breed is,
lunsurprisingly, a predator. The Rokea are weresharks,
ferocious creatures that wield their Raige and their
physical prowess as weapons against those who'd vi
late the seas and their denizens. They seem to be ane
and all shark-born, with no homids or metis
them; this grants them great knowledge of the
comparatively little experience in dealing with people.

Needless to say, Rokea are unlikely to make an
appearance in any land-locked chronicle, but ifa pack
is investigating some trouble along the coast, there's
sm outside chance thata wereshark (ora slew of them)


mightalso show up. The wereshatks aren't particularly
hostile or friendly toward werewolves — the War of
Rage obviously didn't reach underwaterand the Rokea
feel no particular loyalty toward any of the other Fera

Suggested Traits: Rokea are fighting machines,
roughly equal tp Garou in combat. They are somewhat
ungainly on land, hut they are swift and deadly an the
warer. Their Gifts allow them elemental mastery over
the ocean, as well as improved combat prowess (Get of
Fenrisand Ahroun Gitts are particularly appropriate).
‘They take iveforms—Homid, near human, amassive
shark-human Crinos, ahuge Hispo-like primitive shark,
and shark term.

Roku Viglhante

Attributes: Strength 3 (7), Dexterity 3 (1 on
land, 4 in water), Stamina 4 (7), Charisma 2, Ma-
nipulation 2 (0), Appearance 2 (0), Intelligence 3,
Perception 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics (Swim) 5,
Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge
Leadership 1, Stealth 3, Survival (ocean) 4, Investi
gation 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Rituals 2

Gifts (1) Beast Specuh, Heightened Senses, Re-
sist Pain, Sense Wyrm; (2) Sense of the Prey, Spitit of
the Fray, Venom Blood [lower rank for Rokeal; (3)
Elemental Favor (water); Gnaw [lower tank for Rokea)

Rage: 7; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 7

Attacks: Bite (9 dice), claw (6 dice)

Roleplaying Hints: The Rokea Vigilante has left
the ocean to pursuc @ particular vendetta, most likely
against humans who have callously destroyed some-
thing imporantto the weresharks, but possibly against
a Garou or other supernatural eres
years studying the humans,
moderately effectively, although he is sill distincely
dangerous" to the casual observer. He understands
human speech welll enough, although he tendsto make
hissentencesshort, directand to the point. ("Leave me
alone. He is my prey.") Although he is inclined to
Listen briefly to fellow servants of Gaia (who can prove
they are ouch to his datifuetion), his high Roge means
that any who provoke him run the risk of triggering a
frenzy. When such a frenzy hits, the wereshark be
comes « vicious killing machine, dedicated to nothing
more than kalling and devouring his foes,

Chapter One: The Beast Blooded

Qe oar:

rs LTR PENN me

Awhide

Below are some examples of animals Garow may
encounter; the Storyteller is of counc free to extrapolate
other critters. The stats listed here are for rypueatl gue
mens, ancl can vary based on health, sex ind age, Assume
that most bite and claw damage is lethal, while ks
slaps and constriction. are hashing. For these general
templates, assume a Survival rating of 3-4 for theirsative
habieat; for domestic animals assume a ratiny of 2.

Beginnis
themselves, "} Coutts, and
that the Star
ir question
Dithe Emerald Moth
are the governingithapeshiftensociety of Asia,
much as the Gard Nation is the preeminent
‘organization of weg He Western world,
However, due Bialfetore variable
shapeshifter popidlation (Wolves aren't all that
populous, fowbng), the Beast Courts are com
posed of many shiipeshifter races, in particular
rious subtribes OF Comage Byer, Mokalé,
arou and Ratkig- Because the War of Rage
never reached inpp Asta, these vanous Fera
have a much e ide
another (alt going)

The Beast Zourgétion's egnmonly deal with
‘Westerners (whee call Sunset People"),
although a few eptisiariestave Aablished d
lomatic relationswith a few septs in Austral
western North AmeriG@ad the Middle East.
These days, thd gare more likely to
be Stargazers dana \Fitace, as the Beast
Courts have foufid thar lietewolves respond
best to their ownlind:—

For those inveneseedin g still more,
Hengeyokai: Shapeshifters of the East conta!
a full look at the Beast Courts; although the
supplement was published before the Stargacers'
inclusion, it still should provide a Storyteller with
plenty of marerial for portraying the Garou and
Fors's Eastern cousins,

afong with one

2

LONG

|

Chet

stats can he modified slightly for a woltho

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity

Abilities:
Stealth 2

lereness 2, Athletics 2, Bmwl3, Dodge 1,

Willpower: 3

Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (3 dice)

Health Levels: OK,
Coyle

Salle than wolf, and more solitary, the coyote
i> a cunning opportunist, The bane of farmers and
ranchers, its high-pitched howl can be heard in fields,

‘wooxllors and suburban neighborhoods actoss much of
North America

Attributes: Str
Porcepei

Abilities:

Steal

capa

th 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Wire

lertness 3, Athletics 2, Briwl 3, Dodge 2,

4, Inte

gence

Attacks: Bite (

Health Levels: OK, -L
Fie

Slightly lay
solitary or tra

5, Ineapacitateil

+ than a housecar, foxes tend tw be
el in mated pairs.
Attributest Stn
Perception 3, Inte
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Stealth 3

Willpower: 2
Armor Rating: 0

5, incapacitated.

ic kibble-fed hunter. Remen-
ks. For trained guard dogs,

(7 Camerrarmarrancan

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

Armor Rating: 0
Attacks: Bite (3 dice)
Health Levels: OK, -1,-2,

5, Incapacitated

Includes both westems cougar and the eastern/
Florida parther, A solitary ambush hunter. Attackson
humans grow mote frequent as people encroach on
cougar territory
Attributes: Stren
Perception 3, Intelligence

Abilities: Alertness 3,

Fh 4, Dexterity 4, Stain 3,

Wins

+ (climbing) 4,
stealth 3

Brawl 3. Dodge 2. Intimidation
Willpower: 3
Armor Rating: 0
Attacks: Claw (4 dice), bite (5 dice)

Incapaci

The only big ear to live
Though males are
of the hunting.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3. Seamins 4
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alermess3, Athletics 2, Benwl3, Doge 2,
Intimidation 4, Stealth 3

Willpower: 4

Armor Ra

Attacks: Claw (5 dice), bite (6 dice)

Health Levels: OK, OK, I, -1, 1,2
Incapacitaced

J unit in large ge
males

Ips
the

c great cats.
rength 5, Dexterity 3,
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, W
Abilities: Alermess 3, Athletics 2, Beawl3, Doxlge 2,
Intamudation 4, Stealth 4
Willpower: 4

Attacks: Claw (6 dice), bire {7 dice)
Health Levels:

Incapacitated
nti
Black Boar

Rarely aggressive in the wild, black
dangerous when ru

ars can be

garhage of taking handouts

LL A TT,


i

from humans. They generally hibernate in eaves or

hier protected areas
Attribur:

Perception
Abilities:

intimudat
Willpower
Armor Rating: |
Attacks:

Health Levels:
‘apacitated

2, Stamina 4,

2, Brawl 2, Doxlge 1

Jaw (5 dice), bite (5 dice)

IK, OK, =, ly -2, -2,

ony Crisaly Boar

Though generally more herbivorous than their
iller Cousins, they steal carrion and sometimes hunt
i able. They

te in winter dens

Attribut

ferception 3, Ir
Abilit
fnnidation 4

ertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, In
alth |

Willpower: 4
Armor Ratin

Attacks: Claw (8 dice), bite (8 di

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK

Polar Boar

Well-adapted to life on the ice,

patient, relentless opp and

Attributes: Stren
Perception 4, Intelligence 2, W

Abilities: Alertess
timidarion 4,

illpower: 5
Armor Rati

very dangerous

Dexterity 3, Stamina 7

, Athletics 3, Braw! 3, In

hel

Attacks: Claw (8 dice), Bite (8 dice)
Health Levels: OK, OK,OK

5, Incapacitated

Pyerhioornt

Dur

Includes medium sized deer suc
fallow

Attributes: Seren
Perception 5, Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Slermess3,Athlet

Chapter One: The Beast-Blooded

ne Ce

2, Dexterity 3, Stamina


Armor Ratin;

Attacks: Kick (2 dice), a
4 dice)

Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2,-2,-5, Incapacicated
Red Prer
Include medium ge deer (moose would be

larger still)
Auributes: Strength 4, Dextenty 2, Stamina 4,
ption 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics3, Brawl 2,Dadge2

Stealth 2

Willpower: 2

Armor Rating: 1

Attacks: Kick (4 dice), antler charge (bucks in
season, 5 dice)

Health Levels: OK, OK, «1,
Incapacitated

Stn

The Largest livin wild ox. Travels in woodlands
and plains, in herds ranging from a dezen or 50, to
thousands,

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6,
Perception Z, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1

Willpower: 3

Armor Ratings |

Attacks: Head burt (8 dice), gore (9 dice),
kick (7 dice)

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK,
Incapacitated

Domestic Buff

Attributes: Serony
2, Inte

h 7, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5,
ligence 1, Wits 1

Abilities: Alectness I, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1
Willpower: 2
Armor Ratings 1

Attacks:
Health Le

Sore (8 dh

), Kick (6 dice)
ely el,

worse; draft horses will be
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dod
3

E
|

Willpowe

4 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

Aen iter 4/4

Armor Rating: ©

Attacks: Kick (5 dice), bite (2 dice)

Health Levels: OK, OK. -1, -1, -
Incapacitated

Ry

Creech

Stats are fora large (10' or so) alligator, Nile a

saltwater crocodiles may be a good deal larger an
stronger. A favored tactic is to ambush and drag prey
into the water, where they spin until victim sknocked

senseless. Both crocodilians can shut down thei sys-
tems and lay on a river bottom for an hour or more
without coming up for ait

Attribut
Perception 2, Intel

Abilities: Alermess 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Stealth 3

Willpower: 2

Armor Rating: 2

Attacks: Bite (5 dice), spin (6 dice/turn + drown
ing effects), tail slap (4 dice)

Health Levels: OK, OK, <1, -1, 2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated

Ujpar

This includes vipers such as puff adders as well as
pit viperslike rattlesnakes, water moccasins, bushin:
tets, and the fer-de-lance. Usually well camouflaged
and stocky, they tend to wait for prey to.come to then
Pic vipers have heat-sensitive heat organs in front of

ength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4,

Snake Vda Raley

facharactergetsherself bitten, ie will likely be
more than an annoyance. Venom doesn't actin:
antly; for more realism, draw out the damage. If
the poison inflictsseven health levels, for example,
take one health level per hai hour; for a powerful
elaphid (c.g. mamba), make it one health level
oakrollsare possible: the
y varies from 5 (asmall copperhead) t09 (a
nn ot other highly lethal snake). The proper
antivenin, taken quickly, reduces the difficuley of
the soak roll by 2
Bven if che victim manages to soak the worst
of the veriom, she will ill bein pain. Ifshe tangles
with a raipan or a mamba, for example, the poison
may send her into respiratory arrest in a matter of
minutes. A large diamondback may give heea scar
for life. Damage may not be healed until the
poison has run its course or been neutralized.

evervfiveorten minutes. §
diffics

tal


cach eye, which they use to track prey. Viper poison is
primarily hemotoxic, destroying blood vessels and
tissues, and is delivered through two long fangs that
snap into ready position during the strike. As with
nakes, they retain a striking reflex for minutes
hours after death.

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Perception 1, lacelligence 1, Wins 2

Abilities: Alermess3, Brawl 3, Intioidation 2, Stealth 3

Willpower: 2

Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (2 dice + poison. If damage gets
through armor — including heavy clothing or thick

hide — the victim takes no actual damage from the
bite icself, but must soak damage according to the
amount and strength of the poison; a coppethead
sight do four health levels while a larger diamond-
back might do eight of more, Vipers may strike
multiple times.)

Health Levels: OK, -1,-2, Dead
Cohort

Cobras anid other elaphids (frotn coral snakes to
taipans and mambas) ore quick and deadly. Their

fangsare shart and fixed, so they often biteand chew
their venom into a wound. Th

pateon is pred
nately neurotoxie, resulting in paralysis and breath:
ing problems.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Perception 1, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alermess 3, Brawl 2, Stealth 2

Willpower: 2

Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (I die + poison; if damage gers
through armor — including heavy clothing or thick
hide — the victim must soak damage according to the
amountand strength of the poison; coral snake might
do three health levels (for a very sinall amount of
venom) whilea taipan or mamba might do 10 or more.

The really bad partis that some snakes, such as the
tnipan, have a habit of multiple strikes).

Health Levels: OK, -I, -2, 5, Dead
Gat Conttrhetor

acondas, pythons and boas, Depending
‘on species, these snakes can grow up to 30 feet long.

Qe area

Chapter One: The Beast-Blooded

Nn es

Camoutlaged with mottled patterns, these stakes wait
patiently for prey to come into range. Then they grab,
coil around, and suffocate their dinner. Seldora attack
anything they can'e swallow whole,
unhing
good-sized ana

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2,
Perception 1, Wits 2

Abit css, Athletics 2, Bri 2; Stealth 3

Willpower: 2

‘Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (2 dice), squeeze (treat as Grapple
followed by an extended
test; ifth

rength con-

ike wins, treat as suff
ge 188)
DK, OK, -ly el -l,-2,-5Incapaes

ation forthar urn

Very clever engers, Quite curious.

‘Atcributeys Sirength: 1, Dexceriey 3, Seanuna 2
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brow! 1, Dodge 2

Willoow

Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Peck (1 die)

Health Levels: OK.
Fark Onf

Typical binls of prey. Both bur
hawks are daylight hunters while owls fly by night.
Hawks have meredible vision, while owls, n addition
toexcellent night vision, can locate the faintest sound
with pinpoint accuracy.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletic

Willpower: 5

‘Armor Rating: ©

Attacks: Claw (2 dice; 4 dice if diving), peck
(i die)

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2,-5, Dead

raw 2, Dodge 2

TD OP ST SE. TE TET EY TL TEP TONY,

EON



ild be the heart of most
means to dramaticall

ty of the Garou:

everything that werewolves are will

bleed and die for; they are the closest thi

werewolves hive te
There isn't
ccvems and septs thoroughly, fro. rop rolbotrem (not,
without raking up the entire hook tind then some),
However, che following information should prove
ugh for you to gera chronicle started. Myyou
want even more dena, che Werewolf Players'Guide

and Guardians of the Caerns otter as much informs:
Hom as you Cowl! ask tor

Citrus

ssefi

reservoir ¢

icisthe spin arou society. T are
, rich with Umbral energy. I's impossible
sind be unaware of the
se3 all around you. Ca

y way of thought

sacred

ostnd in

spirit ene
change a person's ¥

ns can

Chapter Two: Caerns and Septs

CELL. ST FY ATU

AsStoryteller, you wanttodesy
cacen to comy

ules strength jind ¢ compassion ar

th. Ifyou want to play up the swage nature of c
ld of Darkness! wildéftieagithecaern should b
physically forebédling. The mood you evoke in you
liijers:as you Ueseribe fife at the caer will cola rhe
entire gameyic's worth

The Chaplet Jervibory
A cae covers a lot of aged Not.ilLofthis area s
the low-Gauntler power soupee that feeds the Garou,
proper eaern also nceds living apace forits defenders

ce deferisive lines, and other

room to set up seg

necessities for the sept

Everything is built around the
area ts not necessarily at the
caer, but it must be de

ueen's heart. This
eof th

and the w


A SSA

citele of standing stones, the depths of a cave, an
ancient tree, an old urban theater, virtually anything,
The sept leaders often call meetings at the heart, and
this isthe place where the sept calls on the caern totem
‘or opens the caemn's powers. A rare few caems actually
have two hearts: the Central Park Caern of New York
City isone example. These caems are rare indeed, and
usally oceur only when the area ofthe bawn contains
swostrongholdsof spiritual power, each one distinctin
nature from the other. (The Central Park Caer, for

stance, has one heart that draws.on the energy of the
‘water that runs throughout the city, and another thac
feeds on the spiritual energy of the massive numbers of
people in the city.)

By contrast, the baw is the eaemn's outer bound
: this muy range from a eity block or two in an
urban ciern to a miles-wide swath of wildemess
Werewolves can sense when they step across the
boundary of « bawn; humans and other intruders
caninot (ulthough the retaliatory attacks af the sepe's
territorial residents usually inform them of their
trusion), Many werewolves live inside
those who can,

demands they

tay crimi-
tural clearings
‘caerns, large ware-

rials, and soem These penal
or Hallas, or in the case of urbs
houses or amphithenters,
To honor their falles
atea of te

Garou also set aside an
ibrance. commonly called the Graves
of the Hallowed Heroes. Thisarea isn't always literal
graveyard; usually it's simply a memorial area with,
tokens of all the cacen's fallen defenders where
werewolves can go to meditate, Here Garou make
peace with theit ancestors — or prepare themselves
before battle to join chem.

Caems often have other areas particular to each
dividual caern. A Glass Walker caern might have
an armory of munitions to be used just in case claws
and fetishes aren't enough Children of Gaia coer
might have a lodge where the sept members can
rende:vous with their Kinfolk mates, Consider add.
ingat least one area peculiarto your chronicle'scaerm

to add extra character.

The Chmimteapo
The cacmn's physical territory should reflect the
nature of the caer itself, but this is even truer with a

cacmn's Penumbral landscape. The spitits found in a
‘cacm's Umibrascape should be appropriate tothe caemn's
purpose and trial affinity; the very landscape should
reflect the caern's type. Garou are expected to be
Particularly respectful ofa caeen's spirit inhabitants, as
they are extensions of the eaern and its purpose. Each
area within the caer tends to have a particular reso.
nance within the Penumbra; for example, the Graves
of the Hallowed Heroes may be particularly still and
coal in the Penumbra, while the assembly area may
have a pronounced echo.

Corn Powers

Accuer'stype determines the kind of power itcan
lend to its protectors via the Rite of Opened Caer. Ac
described under that rite and on the Caems chart
(Werewolf, pg. 226), success grants the ritemaster
extni dice on actions related to the caem's affinity
The ritermaster may distribute these dice among other

dividuals he sees fir; each individual retains these

"nly once per day fore
Xe Mel owo caer can grant power
eachday ies rechone itsenergy,

Sample Coan Re

The following figures
size, capabilives and other

offered statistics as appropriate. Caems are, after all, so
rare that they're almost impossible to pigeonhole.
Rik ts
Average Population: 4-10 Garou

Average Bawn: 200 acres ot (usually much) less
Maximum Moon Bridge Distance: 1,000 miles
Gauntlet: 4

Dicadvantagost Very lieele raw power, emaller bavn
size means almost no area for lupus to live.
Advantages: Fewer Garou ro compete with lite
interpack politics; ood possibility of a player charac-
ter{illing one of the sept positions; the Wyrm's forces
are probably unaware ofits existence

Rink 2:

Average Population: 8-15 Garou

Average Bawn: 350 acres

Maximum Moon Bridge Distance: 2,000 smiles

Gauntlet: 4

28 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

LLL ALLE ST SE EOE IT


Disadvantages: Not many powers; limired rooin; not
as many defenders

Advantages: Srill little politicking; packs have necess
to healthy totem spirits

Rawk 3

Average Population: 10-20 Garou

Average Bawn: 800 acres

Maximum Moon Bridge Distance: 3,000 miles
Gauntlet: 3

Disadvantages: Little charice for filling w sepe role;
large enough that defense is a bigger concer; the
‘Wyrm has definitely taken notice; starting to become
difficule to maintain or expand.

‘Advantages: Real source of potent pawer: strong allies
in septmates; easy access to teachers and spirits.
Rank 4:

Average Population: 15-30 Garou

Average Bawn: $00 acres

Maximum Moon Bridge Distance: 6,000 miles
Gauntl
Disadvantages: More people than room) Wyrin is
actively trying tw destroy the caern; much interpack
and tribal politics; limited access to resources.
Advantages: Very potent caem with a multitude of
powers, mighty allies and mentors,

Rak,

Average Population: 25-40 Garou
Average Bawn: 1,000 or more acres

Maximum Moon Bridge Distance: 10,000 miles
Gauntl
Disadvantages: Typically huge bawn; us large a
population of werewolves sharing resources as can
sept leaders tend to ignore pups; Wyrmspawn are
constantly planning ot launching attac
be hidden.

Advantages: Huge numbers of Garou come to de.
fend it.

Grere Topemp

A sept doesn't choose its caetn totem — the
totem chooses the caer. The eaern totem isa spirit
that in some way epitomizes the land itself, the
energies of the eaem and the sept of Garou that calls
it. The Rite of Caetn Building sends out a "call" that
isunswered by an appropriate spirit: many sepes have
beer surprised to have their call answered by « totem
somewhat unlike the one they were expecting. The
cern torem in time attracts small hroods of like-

5 cannot

Chapter Two: Caerns and Septs

Qe are

IN es

minded Gafflings, who serve as the messengers and
Unibral sentries of the caer totem.

‘Caem totemsare directly tied to their caemns
they cannot roam the Umbra, ond they suffer any
damage done totheir land us well. Their pact with the
sept is doubly important because of this dependence
the totem needs the sept to defend its lands and
health, and in return icwill offer the Garou the power
thar the caem has to offer. To betray this trust is «
grave offense — yet another reason that the tenet of
the Lirany forbidding the violarion of eacrns is the
most harshly enforced.

Although a-cacm totem is pleviged ta
werewolves who care for i, they ste not compelled ro
coddle the sept — in fact, it'

so. Uneamed power or assistan
gance and corruption, A caer tot n cryptic
when offering mystic advice, strict when called upon
torender judgement, and even demanding when len:
ingmartial serength toitesept. Simply being a werewolf
{snot proof enough that ane deserves Gaia's greatest
Garou must be prepared to work hard and
make many sacrifices to eam his birthright

Caern Totem Satittat
Despite their limitations, caem totems ate fairly
powertul as spirits go, With theit access to the ener

glesofa eaern, they have notably high Gnosis ratin
even the hellicose totem of a caer of Rage pe

fos —

usually very strongly tied to the caetn's type
of caerns of Wyld, Strength and other vibrant caern
types are mote likely to have high Rage than thase
as, Wisdom and other

who protect cacens of Enig:
serene places. Willpower is normally rather high,
although ide
spirit cotem of an urban eaern may be quite timid and
reserved despite its great wisdom,

Alll caer totems should huve the R
Charm, a caer totem will normaly be
unusual disturbances actos
though as always it must make 9 Gnosis roll te
perceive specifies. Maverialize is uncommon hut not
necessary. Other Charms should reflect the spiti
rature and that of its domairy; the totem of & caer
situared on a lake is far more likely to possess Flood
than Create Fires

Level Sprite

Inside the bawn, many of the local spirits dire
awake and aware — u werewolf is far more |i

mndson the rotem'snature; the mouse

Im Sense
todetegt

he caem's harders, al


Even though the sept is organi
werewolves often use the Rite still w social unit as well. Werewolve
of Spirit Awakening ro gain furtheralliesand instruc tures; like wolv

‘ors within the eaern's boundaries.

sreater respect and friendship than would otherwise be
the cave — the sept has usually camed it. If the
Storyteller chooses, when a sept member negotiates to
with one of the caern totem's brood
suade the spirittoteachaGiftorempowera fetish), the
difficulty by 1. Newly

anged cubs don'c always receive this reward: they Now all werew
muschaveserved the sept faithfullyandwellforseveral _hawn's bos
moons before the spirits treat them as full brethren.

ty of opportunity for

uch as to per g. whether it's playing political gan

Social rolls is lowere

cn time, roughly half of
ept can he expected to remain at thecaem, Fewer,

Sith eel tisoaeey mild be dan

sept n't sending e

aries. At any

sly unguarded, more

L

the fight co the enemy. Howev:

As important is caemns are, the task of protecting pasepc ts generally

active day or night — the werewolves! enemies aren't

strictly diurnal or nocturnal, so the werewolves them

them fromeorrupticn or de

ruction isa heavy respe
sibility. The structure of the sept arose from this very

responsibil a sept is asmuch a military unitas it Ives ean'cattord to be

ii init orsertlement. Septstructure hasewolved Many Garou don't have human fives any more —
slowly and always according to what is necessary to they don't have homes ta retum ro, they can't hold
gueedbls he onaena tof tha the manymultitrikal — downstendy jobs, and the enemy isconstantly at their

30 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

U gf BD ERO


c werewolves tend (0 live in the sept full
t, every sept is likely to have sume
members who are managing to bring in money from
thehuman worldone way ot another. Even werewolves
have to eat. The Garou who continue to live human
lives (ora semblance thereof) usually spend roughly
two-thirds of their rime seeing to theit human affairs:
the rmetiof rhe time belongs ta their duty as Garou
Even these routines are secondary 10 any teed that
may arise — as a result, most werewolves who work
have found "unconventional" jobs with flexible hours,
2 thas dhey've fice « move when needed,

When designing a sept for your chronicle, be sue
that you take the characters' background stories (and
Backgrounds) into account. [fone characterhasahigh
feyel nf Mentor, perhaps a ranking sep official is his
guamian; if another has several dors in Kinfolk, you
should think sbour where her relatives stay and how
they figure into the tribal politics of the sepe. Unless
you're running « chronicle that focuses on travel or a
pack cut off from irs suppore networks, the sept could
very well be the focus of your pume, It deserves your
Tight, (cll cernainly caprore the
attention of your players.
Far

A cactn's purpose ind the mix of tribes that
protect ir gova long way toward establishing the "fee!"
cof a sept. A enern dedicated to Rage, strength or
Primmal-Urge will drip with raw intensity — even the
mystics guarding such a place will tend to ke aggres-
sive, powerful figures. By compare, a eaern dedicated

to enigmas or Gnosis will be a potent force for intro
jon und visionquesting, where even Ahroun are

attention: if ¢

encournyed to master themselves before going into
huttle. Or pechaps the caer is dedicated to honor or
kingship, and thus is a focal point for the politics of
many seprs. A cacrn dedicated to hope or fertility
should be the rarest of all, and all che moce vulnerable
because the entire war is against it

Similarly, the tribes reoresensed at the set —
and the ratio of theie numbers — will play a large part
inestablishing the sept's flavor. Virtually no sept has
members of every tribe — werewolves are just too few:
these days. However, the desperate nature of the
timesmenns that tribes who historically have been at
each other's throats are sometimes forced to eooper-
are — the Ger of Fenris and Black Furies, Fianna and
Wendigo, even the Red Talons and Glass Walkers.
The tension between these tribes can lead to a num-
ber of plot hooks and a very intense game envio

I

ment; only the need to defend the caer prevents
outright wat from breaking out.

The sept's tribal structure will probably he influ
enced by your players' choice of characters: if tw
players want 10 play Get of Fens, that's
ument for a strong Fenrir presence in the sept
Don't let a player browbeat you into ma
charactet's tribe more powerful in sept politics than
you'd like; ultimately, the sept structute ts up to you
However, you should be sure that each characrer will
have somewhere to learn Gifts, commune with theit
Inbal totem, learn the mysteries of his tribe, atid so Gn.

Finally, don't forget chat u cre isa yocial unit, noe
4 personality disorder. Despite the very strong influ
ences of breed. auspice and tribecench werewolf san
individual. Your sept can have forthright Shadow
Londs, bellicose Children of Gaia, pacifistic Red Tul
‘ong, even-tempered Get of Fenris or humble Silver
Fangs...but probably not all at once. Who'd believe it?

Sith Offcat

Miliary and social units need structure, and the
sept & no different. Werewolves, like wolves, are
instinctively inclined towatd hierarchy. The sept uf-
fices have evolved partly out of this need for hierarchy
and partly for maximum efficiency in defending the
cacms. The following are the most common offices
held by sepemembers;some large septs muy have other,
more specialized offices in addition, while small septs
once simply because there's nobody else for the job.

* Council of Elders — The Council of Elders «s
the sepr's main ruling body — usually three to 13
elders, dependingon the size and prosperity of the sept
The Grand Elder (usually a Philodox) is the vaice of
the couneil, although he can be overruled if the
council votes against his decrees,

© Wander — The Wander is the equivalent of a
sept's captain of the guard or hed of security — her
word is law when it comes tw defending the caer
proper. Only the moot battle proven elders car
this important past, The Warder's authority cats even
override the Couneil'sin times of danger. The
cannot onder packs to take missions outside the exc
butshe can demand thar packs remain behind toguand
the caem in times of need

© Guardians — The Guardians are the warriors
whose primary duty is to remain behind and guard
the caer. Some septs assign this role to as many
packsas they ean afford to spare from the ftont lines.
Being chosen as a Guardian i a great honor, and

good

y have elders whey rake on rwes

Chapter Two: Caerns and Septs 31

QE aS, Se 2 re a

> LEAL OA NTT RC I EEE CTU TED TU


|

32

eA"

those who serve faithfully are rewarded with Honor
renown (as well as Glory when called upon to prove
themselves in battle).

* Master of the Rite — The Master of the Rite
mnixorsall rites performed ac the caern; itis her duty
ensate that nobody calls on powers that would be
dangerous to unleash within the caer. Her permis-
sion isnecessary to enact a rite within the bawn, and
she usually stays at hand during the rite to make sure
nothing goes wrong. Finally, she is responsible for
performing most rites that affect the es
coern rites and punishment rites in particular. This
held by Theurges or Philodox,
but can fall to anyone qualified (preferahly with
Rituals § nnd knowledge of most of the rites in the
Werewolf rulebook),

* Gatekeeper — The Gatekeeper is charged with
control over any moon bridges opened in or to the
caem. In times of siege, the Gatekeeper usually forbids
any access to the caemn's moon bridge. His responsibil
ity forbids him from leaving the cxern, and his pose
usually puts him at rhe heart of any political machina.
tions involving other septs,

* Keeper of the Land — The Keeperof the Land
isthe caem's caretaker, who is entrusted with the duty
ofkeeping the caern's lands well maintained. This post
stems from more than vanity —spirits demand respect
for themselves and their physical analogues. A tree-
spirit whose tree was neglected and fell ill ean hear a
sgrudge for centuries afterward. Nocall cibes (and their
allied spirits) see a need for this office, however; Bone
Gnawery and Red Talons in particular prefer a more
"honest hawn.

* Master of the Challenge — if one sept member
challenges another, the Master ofthe Challenge aver:
sees the clash, It is his duty to ensure that no duels go
‘oo ar (although this rule isrelaxed in militant septs),
andl to impartially judge any challenges of gamectaft,
riddles or tests of character. This post is quite neces-
sary, as without itmany werewolves would surely die in
bravls over their honor — preserving their honor,
pethaps, but robbing Gaia of more defenders.

Fuser Offent

The following offices re present mainly in larger,
more formal septs; most septs these days are too small
ospare the warm bodies to hold these posts full-time.
It's entirely powsble. especially in these days, chat ane
person may hold more than one of the lesser offices ot
«lesser office in conjunction with a greater one.

office is customari

——

The Master of the Howl, traditionally a Galliard,
Jeads other Gibbous Moons in the Opening How! that
begins every mont. The role evolved out of a need for
the Opening How! toset precisely the tone for a given
moot's business.

‘The Caller of the Wyld, often a Theurge, leadsthe
sept in the various rituals of homage to the pack, tribe
and caem totems that watch over the sept. She also
specializes in summoning the particular spirits that are
allied co the sept. In most modern septs, this office's
es simply fall to the Master of the Rite.

The Trutheatcher, almost always a Philodox,
mediates disputes and ordains punishments for
violations of the Litany or sept law. Serious of:
fenses are always punished at a moot in full view of
the entire sept.

‘The Talesinger, of any auspice (but commonly &
Gallinrd), leads the sept in talesof the past during each
moot. She may also bring forward other werewolves to
play the partof past heroes, enacting great legends in
pantomime to honor the Garou's ancestors.

The Wyrm Foe, always'a great warrior (and there
fore usually an Ahroun) leads the sept in the Revel
that concludeseach moot, Hishowl incites the already
excited sept to charge through the caem's bawn,
ssivagely killing any intruders they may find there. The
‘Wyrm Foe may also coordinate the activities of packs
thar strike ar the Wyrm's heart away ftom the sept,
pasting on information for them to use on their mis-
sions. The Master of the Challenge usually assumes
this ole in smaller septs

Moot

Although it's possible to tell a story revolving
around a moot with just che bare bones information in
the Werewolf rulebook, aifittle more detail is always
helpful. The following infégmation is meant to help
Storytellers customize the muapts held at a sept, and to
provide a frargework t ir

dt

pire a
story Bek ita sgt. Th even
more det agente olf
«alld Fmodtsas tics

charactel Ofthigitcep' Fas

Most moots follow i fairly Baste pattem, one that
has practical purpose. In order, the five stages ofa moot
are the Opening Howl, the Inner Sky, Cracking the
Bone, Scoties ancl Songs, and the Revel. These stages
allow the sept to gather together, honor their totems
and rechagge the caem, air any grievances, affirm their
history and finally give release ta their passions. Prop-

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

TT,


I

ns in the hears ¢
* The Opening Howl

All moots begin with the Opening Howl, led by
the Howl. Each sept's how! has:

ive resonance, blending together the

cavm, the voices of the tribes present an

recent events. This how is meant to stir the be
he participants and set the mood for the moot tocome
of war, the Opening Howl is grim and

resounding, while in times of eelebration, it reverber

* The Inner Sky

The moot's second portion devotes itself to con:
scting and honoring the septs spirit thereby
strengthening the caem. The Caller of the Wyld (or
Master of the Rite, if Caller exists) leads the rituals
tocontact and pay tribute to the spints. This isa deeply

ays serene — the spirits of
prefer being contacted through rieual com:
bat o boisterous music and dance

Chapter Twa: Caerns and Septs 33

SSE EE LI

* Cracking the Bone

"The third stage ts the most

Ws, asthispx

the moot isthe portion dedicated to sept business. Hen

the elders make edicts

aur thet grievances. Any te
ports on the Wyrm's mavemen

poral business, from te
ty financial consider
f the B

ations wied during the Cracking

Most septs allow anyone with something to say t
during this time, alth«

or out of turn may very well lose H:
portion of the moor where the elders mete out pur
ores and Songs
the formal business finished, the Talesinget
leads the sept in spinning stories of past and present
Ivennures, This it is where the
Garou acknowlesige their septmaces! recent deeds of
Renownandhoner their anc ‘
These stories are meant not only to give hone where
honor is due, but also to inspire the sept to emulate the
glorious achievements of their ancestors and peers. N

igh those wh


|

a AZ

* The Revel

The passion af every Garcis in the sept builds
toward the Revel, when it finally releases in a burst of
tremendous physical, emotional and spiritual inten-
sity. Once the sep is roused as high as posible, the
Wyrm Foe assumes Lug
how! Therestof thes

i form and gives a mighty

‘joins in the howl, and Garou
not already in Lupus make the change, emulating the
Wyrm Foe. Then the Wyrm Foe charges out of the
«cvern proper, leading the entire sept on a nun to clear
ot Werwolves
inthe frenzied throesof the Revel are quite literally the
stuff of humans' nightmares,

lene

the area around the ¢

The Garou passion released during the Revel is
effectively raw Gnasts thot pours back mto the caern.
itself, sustaining the exern just as it sustains the sept
As the Revel ends, the werewolves find their way
back to the cacm, exhausted but full of feelings of
purpose and unity,

Tutte
Then

al systems of the Western world
ou justice. Werewolves keep
their own laws, and punish transgressors as swifel
and severely us the most notorious "hanging judge:
of the Old West, Although a werewolf can commit
many errors of judgement or lapses in morals that
lead to alossof Renown, some ctimes demand more

A werewolf charged with transgressing against the
Garou.asa whole (and thusagamst Gaia) comes before
the Council of Elders. The accused need not actually
be present at the trial, but absence is almost always
A as an admission of guilt, Usually, the entire
ing transgressions
against the Litany. Otherwise, only a few members of
the Council need be present toact asjudges. Theexact
form the rial takes vanes with the sept itself. In
rnultiple-ribe septs, the judging format usually follows

I convenes for truly sta

the rib

Although each tribe has itsown format forjudging

breache all proceedings take,

lat most, « matter of days to resolve. The typical ease is
judged in a few hours, if chat, The werewolf who
violates the Litany or the laws oftheir sept or tribe ean
wually expect to face one of four punishments: shame
ing, shunning, exile, or death,

# Shaming is the punishment of choice for those
who have lettheirpride, cowardice of self-absorption
lead them to sins of negligence, Punishment rites
such as the Stone of Scar, the Voice of the Jackal or
the Satire Rite ore common examples of shaming.
Werewolves being the proud creatures that they are,
this tactic is perhaps more effective than it would be
in human sciety.

© Shunning isthe nexe step in severity, applicable
to those whi placed fellow Garo ar others necessary to
Gaia at unnecessary risk oF to thote who have failed to
amend their ways after previous punishments. The Rite
of Ostmcism is the method of choice. The shun
{uring which no other Garou will even acknowledge
the target's existence) can last from a week tw a lunar
year, although the transgressor isn't told the' actual
duration. Sometimes a shunning will last until the
transgressor truly mends her ways (although, again, she
isn't told thar this is how ber punishiment will end),

* Exile is given toa werewolf whose bettayal of
huis duty was unforgivable, but who is considered
insufficiently dangerous or corrupt to kill outright
‘The permanent form of the Rite of Osteacisin cam
pletes this process; from that point on, the Garou is
considered Ronin, without sept, pack or tribe. Fur
pack creatures like werewolves, this is a harsh pun-
ishmene indeed.

© Death is the ultimace punishment. If the
offender's crimes: are so horrible as to mandate a
sentence of death, but the offender herself is consid
cred to sill have a vestige of honor, she ts the subject
bf the Rite of the Hunt. If, however, she has openly
betrayed her own kind to the Wyrm or otherwise
erased any lingering honot she once had, then her final
face is Gaia's Vengeful Teeth. Those wha die in sich
a fashion ate considered less than Garou —honorless,
valucless creatures unfit t walk Gaia even as Ronin

34 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

——

iia <4

LL


II

Toile Trabition and the Litany

‘No matter what a Philodox may say, the Litany is seldom absolute. Most tribes put their own spin on the
Litany's laws, enforcing crimes again the Litany a little mote... selectively. For example, a Silver Fung who

hers humans indiscriminately will be tried fairly severely for viokating the tenet "Respect Those Beneath
‘e— All Areof ‘ed Talon who does the sume, thovgh,..well, bis elders might nucn a blind eye, or
claim that the young hothead in question was following his duty to "Combat the Wyrm Wherever Ir Dwells
and Wheneverlt Breede" The Talons have langhelieved thar the Wyrm hrevdin the heartsof humans. after
all, and i's hard to actually disprove that...

However, a sept must uphold a common standard of justice. If the aforen
charged with violating the Litany i
laws:
rather,

ioned Red Talon were
ultitribal sept, his elders would be able to do little for him; the sept's
Ww the majority opinton, not the extreme. Those who break the Litany in tribally "condoned" (or,
gnored) fashion must be careful to do so out of the sight of members of less understanding tribes.

Chapter Two: Caerns and Septs 35

Qe rere




|

ne AA

a mentor or elder who specializes in the lore of the them is weak as the person it ance was. The more

given supernatural creature may have access to the recently they have fed, the stronger they are — blood
larger bey of fore is not merely an addiction to them, itis the source of
Anil) of course, remember thatnot everything the their power. Age also strengthens them; the corrup:
werewolves believe is true... tuon in their bodies grows over time, granting then
more and more power as they grow older and older:
Uampwrar ‘Would that evil would consume itself more quickly
but if that were true, there would be no need for us.

AS recounted by Buri w-Dead, Si Si
Acca ne bleete Dial Sen Set °F taave uged— ed cuted — the-vampies

form long time. They seem tobe social creatures, but
theirsocinty isacruel one, Whether subtle or overt,
they enjoy exercising ervelties on humans, "playing
with their food," as it were. Their mortal lineage
seems co be important to thems; | have marked a few
SwhOSpoke openly of families and bloodlines. Though

Thave heard it said that a people is defined by its
enenuies. We know this to be true of the Garou, forwe
have many, many foes that wish usd
forced w become
though, young one: OF.
be forced co oppe

—and were
iors in response. Know this,

all the monsters th

this world, there are pethiaps poe w
more wretched and intolerable than thighiseehea, ea else astern

The deal ho wall the Cadaver ei illusion isapparently quite important
Listen to me, now. You will heagttsadehatneeall™ "Ave
mpites re wholly and maliciously evili You wall. _
Jearn that a few werewolves, particularly, among the:
Glass Walkers and Shadow Lordiy feel that it is berter:
to strike truce with the undead than to waste lives
warring on them. You will bear that vampires are
Sometimes victims, ctestures who did poe aie ase

four different castes among them,
\RSFitike the easrcs of other human societies. A caste

little difference whether aptitude
vor, caste determines aptitude, No

their souls rent from them inelaeiebebellics Hikediich = CRIA ay Seegadigat ous than the others, no matter
hunger for blood ei on
This sall true. Buryoudo yourself your pele, ytuir ae
tribe, snd your Mother wrong ifever youcrust one wk, WA 24a
the undead. "iF is hand ao stake one uf dhe Deformed for any

The Leechesare creatures made of Mes'They lie Mypther caste. Phelt corruption is made manifeston their

casnare their preys they lie ro hide their fesptheyll. fe. in ways cddigippropriate to the nature of thir
because they have forgotten how to tell the truth aang ems case isthe Jowest among the
Ever) those who did not ask for their fare will do Yatnpineshierirchy; even other Leeches shun their
whatever they must (o preserve their half-existences; Obvious debasement. In return, the Deformed appear
even the most meck and reclusive vampire would 0 devote their energies to "sharing" their taints and
rather Kill in onder to survive smother night than afflictions with humanity
simply die. They frenzy, aswe do; anything that might Some are scarred and qwisted, even half-melted
m, such as fire of the rising sun, will like lepers; it is my belief that these are disease:
we them berserk. They do not have the power to spreaders, who pass blood-borne diseases from hu-
aie th J they dv wer have the (aan to buna. Sue appear vole rottitg corpses, as
willtorenouncetheirundeadexistencearallcosts.A though the power of the blood they drink is no
very few boast no greater sin than the weak will that longer capable of staving off decomposition. Such
prevents them from resisting the urgeto harm others. puttefied creatures wield the power of unnatural
These few inay not praperly deserve ri die—bur they death and decay; it ié their talent to wither and
must, Theirsoulsare gone to wherever human spirits shrivel the young and vital before its time. A few are
20; what remains is a shell filled with Wyrm-given even deformed in the manner of uals, with
hunger that remembers vaguely how human should patches of fur and strange deformities like undead
act, Pray forthe soul thar hasfled,even asyou release parodies of the fictional Dr. Moreau' creations:
xs from the body These creatures spread madness and bloodlust.
I vampites have the potential for super-
strength, opecd aod enihuanve; not one of

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

nenieny <4

endanger th

what rem:

Listen,


Although the Deformed are easy to recognize in
their rue forms, know that these beasts have learned
the art of illusion, all the better to conceal their
deformities from their prey. They have exceptionally
keen senses, and some mimic the powers of animals,
Though I think they are too ignorant to realize thar
they insult the natural orderby aping the strengths of
living things, that makes the insult no easier to bear

The Marrhont

The next highest caste is that of the Warriors; or
pethaps they area caste of commoners instead. It
would seem that this caste is by far the most populous
of all. Leal chem Warriors because they are most |

to focus on the physical aspects of their power
strength, speed, heightened semes, and eves

tricks such as invisibility. I do nor mean tal

they share a common martial discip

all too often awkwardly thrown t
tive militia.

peeing pees thee pel
given fo recruiting their

caste ow and again, aud Ui
face who wield arypically ver
tices-in-training to those above

tha han achlewed che might of old age

The Merlodks
The vampires thar use sorcery to achieve their
ends are perhaps the rarest of all — and not to be

underestimated. 1 do not believe them to be the
highest among the castes; they seem to serve the role
of vizier to their superiors. They are extremely danger-
ous homever —in my expérkenee the very wees fell

The magic of the witch-caste comes from no good
source, Itdoes not ely on the spin world asdirectly as
do our rites; not even Banes answer the call of an
undead sorcerer. It may be a blend of their blood-
power, human magic and Wyrmn-granted investments
1 believe, personally, that it derives from the Dark
Umbra and the things within —or perhaps even the
‘Abyss. [have never dared pry too far;even the Uktena
know that there are some secrets that must not be

Chapter Three: Rivals and Enemies

Se

Teamed, Jest they nest in your brain like a spyder and
drive you to maxiness.
Never — and | say never — underestimate the
power of an undead witch's magic. Ie wasa geet eabal
of these monsters that drove my people from theit
homeland, setting ghosts on our heels and cursing us t
wander forevermore. Ido nor know what spirits, living
or dead, they drew on to harness euch power; | am
thankful they have not used such power since.

Of all che vampire castes, no greater enemy will
you find than these witches, creatures of the red desert
and worshippers of the Night itself. Tread mast ca
fully when you find one; never let it eaprure your hair

sor bleed. Do not enter ity sanctum neers

pautiful and strongest-willed among
turally rixe to positions of prominence

g humans — does tr not scem galling,
1d idolize the human-seeming mon.

a chem and demonize animal pre
atifour legs, or swim in the sea? — finds
fe: Many of the ruling Leech caste are
— those chat are not hive ericks

. Vampir, gétink of the Wyrm; they are
Weaver energies, although not

* Vampires must feed on human of animal
blood to survive. They are nor honorable hunters,
however, and hunt as if i¢ were sport co them,

Vampires fear the sun, andare harmed by its
rays, Fite will also destroy vampires. This would
seem to indicate that purity is anathema to them,

* Vampires thrive in the cities, and will do
all in their power to expand the cities
they can

© Vampires can exist (*living" is not « good
word for what they da} for centuries: they may
even be functionally immortal

* And, of course, himnids may "know" whit
ever they've seen in movies about vampires; rust
Garou, however, know better than to cust
Hollywood's reservoir of occult lore.


ne AA

You see, the ruling caste is the one with the
sreatest power to control the minds of others. That
would scem to be common sense, afterall. And they
have many, many ways of exerting theit power, OF
‘course, some may transfix you with their gaze, Others
‘ean control anyone who has ever been tricked into
drinking their blood. Seill others use ritual spells and
hypnotic songs,

Yes, spells; it is worth mentioning that the ruling
caste seems to be able toaccess the powers of any of the
castes below th.
of the ability to musk themselves under
illusion, orforhidden rituals eallingon the Wyrm. Its
ny belief that they can compel thase af other castes to
teach chem such tricks, wlicche: by tight of their noble
nd-raping powers. They are
even all the more terrifying when you consider that
these same powers geant them great power and influ
ene inthe morral world they might have politicians
policemen, bankers or even generals under their
thumbs. Thankfully, the ruling caste is che rarest, and
many of (ts members seem to spend an inordinate
amount of time artempring to wrest power from one
another. They ure dangerous, dangerous encimies, ev
exything that we fear about the Leechs.

Pardkus se — does it seem unusual for an Ahroun
such as myself ro use the word "fear"! Perhaps yourare
right. But itis good to fear the vampires, for theyre an
ancient and wily enemy. Were they any weaker, we
would have destroyed them by now — and yer they
thrive all the sume, You would do well to keep a
healthy respect, even a small amount of fear for the
Leeches und their powers. Respect them — and by
especting them, you will lum neverto underestimate
their ability to seduce, deceive and destroy whenever
ic suits them to do so, fn knowing them for what they
are, you gain the power to fight them, ts you must,

Magar

The Galliards will tell you that the
enemies, That is because there ate many instances in
the past where w caem came under attack, and only
afterwards did we learn that it was not the forcesaf the
Wyrm — but rather, greedy warlocks who came to
drink the caem's energies, And they do not know
restraint; a cae will dry up and die before a
warlocks realizes that they shoukl stop denking its
power, My sistershave told youthat I have converse,
ever: fought beside shamans and witches of noble

streng

statusor by using their 1

ings if Ingrid Se: Joon, Bacie: Brary

40 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

ia

—thisisttue. But never would
Het them across the bawa of my caer, noreven would:
Tell chem why. Hf even one succumbed to a desperate
thirst for Gnosis, and came stealing to the caem in
hopes of filching a few sips of the caer's energy — 1
would have been guilty of violating one of the Litany's
not sacred Laws snd my life would have been right-
fully forfeit

enough purpose bef

Bur yes, T have cooperated with them — always
conditionally, but 1 have done-so, Not all are dite
enemies; they are all dangerous, and often bad
Know, but not all are enemies. I tke st you would like
to know mote!

There is a great difference, you see, between
sorcerer and a shaman — or to put it another way,
between a witch and » Wise One. Many hurnan
peoples note the difference between one who uses
magic or medicine only to heal atwl soothe, and ane
who uses her... co serve her own ends, or even to
harm others. The first is a shaman — the second, a
‘sorcerer. Most mages, 1 ute the latter.

As the legcnls go, imayh are not entitled wo the
powers they wield —they use forbidden knowledge to
achieve theirends. Yousee, these warlocks.are able to
rewrite the natural order, if you will — they do not
draw their powers from the spirits as we doy but rather
force the world to obey their will for « short period of
time. Where an Uktena might call on the power
loaned to her by Blueiay to emulate the jay's Might.
warlock will force gravity torepel him rather than draw
hhirw closet to the earth's bosom. Where I would speak
the tongue of spirics aught tome by my spirit friends,
@witch would use her power to compel spirits to speak
ina language she unvlerstands.

| can't say for certain if their power is stolen or
fothidklen, hut itis true that warlocks ate punished if
they go too far or dare too much. Whae punishes thea?
Why, the world itself, it would seem — or their own
magic. I've seen a witch devoured by the forces she
tried to call on. It wasn't a plea
\was...somehow appropriate. The strike was so swift |
slidn't have time to eatch its scent — its true scent, if
youwill. Even now, I don't know whether it:
will, the Weaver's power oreven the magic itself that
decided to write the witch out of existence.

‘The mastobvious explanation isthe most popular
among our kind. A warlock's power, st
Tavages the very face of Nature itself. Tr leaves furrows
in the flesh of Gaia —noy not the earth, but rather all
cof the world. A warlock who forces the wind to carry
him leaves in iritself These gouges:

at sight alehowugh ie

re sit is,

ithlesear


e a constant iti
in Her eye? The
andlor but to fly
seruck by # hori's tail ora mosquito ubsently smashed
by a human hand, their fate must seem random, too
Does the masquito understand thar its bite isin some
mall way debilitating or undes
tain it fe from? No. And nx warlocks
understand that their powers ate offensive to the
Mover, Just as the mosquito looks ar the vastness of a

od sees only a ineal, che warlock looks at the
unl sees ouly chat which be desites.
nother possibility. Perhaps
the reprisals visited on these witehes are not sent by a
sleeping Gaia, but rtherby the Weaver. Asyouknow,
the Weaveris not fondo,..variables. Everything
obey her laws, orelse it isnot permitted roexist.koow
this is her command; I have the scars thut mark her
displeasure with my guardianship of the Wyld. How
furious the witches must make her — even we Garou
obey the laws of the universe ordained by Gata. The
witches don't do.even that. So the Weaver lashes out
at these poor fools, suuobing drew when they go wo
far, forcing them to obey the natural order. She may be

tion to the Mother, lik
reprisals, when they come, see

adust mo:

world

However.

there

What Matt Caro Kon Nagas

© Mages possess the power to somehow re-
write the laws of nature; they are capable of
performing great miracles oF hideous atrocities
fgiven enough time and effort

«© Mages are not meant to possess their powers
the very least, couse themasthey do. Their
powers offend Gaia or the Weaver, who pun
them for their hubris fr 0 tn

* Mages feed on Ci
tales of them mounting raids on caernstodrink the
red places dry of the Mother's lifeblood.

© Mages learn magic according to hutnan
tradition: their powers run the gamut from Sa-
tanic-style ritualism to New Age preudo-sh
ism to Taoist alchemy.

* Mages can and do fall to the Wyrm. They
do not seem inclined to offer themselves to the
wer or Wyld.

There are a few taages who practice much
greater restraint, either toavoid the spits' retti-
bution or out of genuine reverence for the way
the world works. These mages are not always
enemies, although many are still opposed to the
Gaian ideal

right in doing #0 —
ts one of the few goo

11 ts hard to say whether that
ning to hy
whether eis another symptom of her madness.

H wonder at the truth of this. It may be that the
truth is-n blend of hoch explanations; perhaps the
warlocks' power pains and irritates the Mother, und
the Weaver watches forthe Mother to flinch, knowing
that the
not for me to say.

‘You will know a witch by her reliance on human
magical traditions. As Lunderstand it, the power is not

the trappings they use — be they books of "Egyp-
tian" spells, voudour rituals, shamanic
jnspired Si

the magi themselves, Unkike our own rites, which
are empowered by the spirits, theie rituals seer co lend
them sort of focus, a framework to channel theit
ccnergy. I can't say why itis that some uve nutnerology
and alchemy and others rely on meditative techniques

the foihlesaftheir peculiurmindsets, | suppose-One
witch in particular protested that there is a secret
conspiracy of mages who disgnise their magic as tech:
‘nology, but I believe her to have been mentally un-
sound; she seemed out of sorts with the modem age,
ani may not have been able co deal with the idea that
technology can accomplish things forsnerly believed
‘to be in the province of magtc alone.

T mention that the f thought are ur
usual, yes. Many magi have a deeply rooted need to
believe in something, no macter how peculiar. They
may draw eomfort from their belief in a patriarchal
god, or they may believe most sincerely that their
actions of mental assault and seduction are not only
condonable, bur alse necessary. They are obsessive
creatures, driven by the need to overcome the flaws of
theirmortal shells —foralla warlock's power, his body
is orill as frail ayany man's —and the desire
nifest on the world. Thi
exceptionally dangerous, for you can never tell what,
convictions.a witch may hide from you, convictions
chat nilehee eoul

‘And yes, these convictions may be dedicated to
the Wyrm. Theteare witches who practice theblackest
allen to the Enemy, These
are the worst sorts — they knowingly consort with
Banes and fornori, and have sold their souls to wha
ever Malian entity has chosen co present itself t
them. They ate insidious sorts, subrle and des
and they cannot be tolerated to live. Are there mages
who follow the Weaver or Wyld, by compare!

instincts rem:

or

wee of the igritation is herenetny as well. les

mnces, Crowley:

ranic ineuntations or what have you— but

pattems

‘ose their

will made n makes them

forms of magic, who have

cannot

Chapter Three: Rivals and Enemies 41

RE OS. Se re an
ee


Yer cerca omer sree cone ne fer om nome ea rice iaromemama rea ebb!

say. I think chere must ke, but I've never heard of any
who fir that description.
A witch will probably be your enemy. She may be
porury ally. She may indeed seem worthy tw be a
friend. But caution you —donot stand too close. She
exercises powers she was not meant to use, probably
with the full knowledge that she runs the risk of being
punished by the universe for her temerity. Whether
you agree thar she bas the tight to use her powers or
‘ot, it isdangerous to stand too close to her —and by
calling her friend. you alsoare in anger af makingher
enemies your own. If the stories are true, and the
witches are anathema to Gaia Herself — then may
heaven help you, for your own kind never will.

Fiynfers

From the favorite rant of Trash-80, Bone Gnawer
Ragabash:

Look. You know there's always going to be some
human who can fight back. The Veil ain't perfect,and

‘naw and iain some guy with solid brass testicles finds
the courage (0 stare one of us in the eye betore he
unloads two barrels of silver buck into our chest
‘Course, he ain't long for the world after that, ‘cause
the human ain't been born who's # match for one of us

parciculurly an angry packmate — without some
rerful mojo on his side
‘Least, that's the way i¢ used to be, Things are
different now, since the Red Star showed up and all.

You haven't heard about these guys. Trust me.
‘They don't get out in the boonies much — they crop
up inplaces where there's a lor of humans to give rise
to ‘em and a lot of monsters to go huntin'. And that
means cities. Bue whav we're dealing with here is a
wholenew breed of brassmonkey, something that ain't
quite « wizard and ain't quite a mortal. The kicker is,
they're ableto see us —and vampires, and fomori, and
Gaia knows what else — for what we are, no matter
how well we're disguised

And in gets heuer. Tlicae yuys fnave some kinda
supematutal power juicing them up, something that
ain'tquite Umbra. I's versatile stuf; itrmakes a butter
Knife as deadly as a klaive, or gives ‘em the ability to
lock a vampire in the eye without getting hypmotized.
Crazy shit, man, and no two have the same power
Only | think that "seeing monsters" thing works for
them no matter what

I've heard a few stories about who's been giving
these guys their powers, and why. ll ell you right out
that the theory that they're being fueled by the spirits

s

a Werewolf Storytellers Companion

LEER TS ST tenia 4/4

of the cities themselves is bunk — I asked Momma
‘Tampa myselfifthar was so, and she ain't the sort tole
toa guy like me, Some folks say they've been empow.
ered by the Wyrm — or, depending on who you
believe, the Weaver — to hunt down anyone and
everything that might be a potential threat to their
Celestine. Of course, they don'tsmell much like Wyrm
or Weaver, ‘cept on an individual basis, so that theory
kind of sucks, if you ask me. I've also heard that they

were empowered by the Wyrm in some last desperate
flash of simity. sent ou toeestore Balance tothe world
Ie'sabetter theory, but again, they don't smell like the
Wyrm — and what's halancing about genocide, any-
way? leven hear that they're something like the magi
be they've die wext evolutionary step up from
‘humanity, kind of a humanity-with-the-power-to-de-
fend-itself,ifyou know what L mean. And theydo tend
to crop up in che cities, so maybe that's accurate —
maybe the big ol collective spirit of humanity finally
got around to providing someone to fight against the
Impergium, only they're aboutaaillion years too late.
But who knows? They don't. They don't have
clue, man. Poor bastards, the only thing they know is
thar they woke up and started seeing monsters every
where and they've held on just longenough to find out
that it's nv hallucination. And since chey'te just ordi-
nary folks-at heart, that means they see the need to
watch out for their kids, oro clean up their neighbor-
hoods,or whatever. So they go vigilante —and they'te
just rough enough to be dangerous
{dunno whar this means in the long run. I don't

think they run in packs big enough to be a threat to
anycaern, but who knows? The Apocalypse ison us,
man, Maybe this is the Eighth Sign or something.
Humanity's fighting back, even against those of us
who think humans are worth keeping around. Keep
an eye out, that's all I'm saying. And spread the
word, We could be onto something huge here.

Pat att Caron Kron: Hunters

As far as most werewolves are concerned,
most humans who take up hunting werewolves
are simply ordinary people with the willpower t©
resist the Delirium and the idiocy to think chey'te
amatch for Garou. Most Garou don't even know
thar che "imbued" class of hunter is even out
there; even those who encounter an Imbued
face-to-face are unlikely to be able to tell the
hunter apart from a subtle fomor, mage or other
wise enhanced human.


od Katies Dawg

concolation address by Solomon Searwound of
the fa unry Priesthood:
None of you would disagr
no place in this world. They do
at much is true —

that the undead have
in Gaia's

weapla

creation, id tha
Dark Umbra

spirit the

place is the

None of us should begcud
hae to walk in the place prepared for it
should it be unwilling or unable to pass further on.
And yet, the Dark Umbra itself has seen the bactle
fires of the Apocalypse, and the ramifications are
many and troubling.

‘The Eye of the Wyrm has appeared even in the
sleies of the Dark Umbea It i faint

there, hut its color

ssunmistakable—col and whereall else isblack
id gray. When it tor
ne force of its entry whipped up countless storms,
rempests that weack the land of the dead from one end
wer. Vave heard it said that the very cities of
ruin, flooded beneath the

We should nor be surprised, then, that the
have decided to lee their world forasaferone. But that

world is the physical realm:

ts way into the Dark Umbr.

IN

Wealready knew that ghostswe
selvesin the physical world frora ts

sled
wtime. Thiswas

for them without cost
iuld dive

to see'a loved one

I kepe the
behind, Now,
all oer on the Dark Lim and
kened by
oe pethaps they are sim
more desper

Many of them are even now taking tefuge in theit
old corpse:

leaving their former live

s. and the vhost are final

more than the purestren

with these revenants have increased s¢
last year, The Wyrm rid
not all all draw
corruption. Indeed, 1
them with st

rength from ¢

ur former live

agth — my fe!

seen ghost everuints that gt
they drew to completing tl
This strengt

whio wear bod

floods them in man

fer no

they req only


ee

af their internal organs, However, much of their
strength seems to be devoted to their vessels, and so
they are unable to call on many of the powers of their
disembodied brethren. Yes, the incorporeal undead
can affect the physical; they can move things, change
the weather, even take temporary physical form, Some
can even touch our very spirits, draining our strength
«9 feed their own.

lot easily, Even ifwe find
Umbra, they are no less powerful
there. Many, in fact, are far stronger in their home-
land, They seem co have difficulty penetrating the
Gauntlet, ar least those without: bodies — bur then.
again, the eities ate cesspool of the violence and
anguish thar breeds ghosts, and | eanni vy that the
Gauntlet s foolproof. Indeed, the surest way to fight
a ghost may be to help it achieve its goals — without
the tether ofdesire holding itto this plane, ithas little
choice but to pass on beyond

the Le

cc that this may seem a stnall concen, with
-s teeming like flies on carrionand thearmies
of the Enemy marshalling for their final attack. None-
theless, my noble friends, | suggest that you remait
wary, We make many ghosts when we go to war: Some
of those are sure to remember us.

What Neat Garon Snow: Mraiitle

# Wriths are the spirite of dead humans who
are somehow prevented from passing on to thete
final reward (or retncamation, or being reunited
with Gaia) and are marooned in the Dark Umbra,

© Wraith linger on because of some tragedy

that makes them unable to rest

* Wraiths are often subject to Wyem-taine,
but are not intrinsically tainted. Their taint
ly cames from succumbing to dark emo-
tions such as regret or anger.

© Wraithy ire not spitits, and cannot be dealt

vials an acd a Gasttlon

What Matt Garey Knew: Malling Deaf

Most werewolves aren't familiae with ani-
mated corpses as enemies; the numbers of dhe
Walkin ¢ never been particularly im-
pressive until reeently, Ap
cdge that these zombies seem to be ried to the Red
and that they exist, the Walking Dead are

Fatrlat

As told by Ceridiven Hunting Hom, Planna Gallant

Sweet Mother, you're asking me now about the
Fair Folk? Why not ask twenty years ago, fifty, «
hundeed? No, that's not fair and | know it — but it's
Titel lace tbe taking an interest in them, Their glory
days are Jong gone.

They're still around, yes. That much is true. But
they're a pale shadow of what they used ro be. Thi
of today, compared with their forcbears-
‘our Kinfolk compared to us. Back so long ago, there
wasn't anything human in chem at all —now they're
more like changelings, fue babes raised by humans who
have taken on more than a little mortal blood.

Ir's sad, but what they need co keep going is
mortal belief. Look at us — our traditions have
endured in spite of the mortal world, The f
though, they need people to believe in the romanc
of the medieval world, to dream tales of fac as they
used to be, Their legend hasn't changed with the
times, and unlike us, they can't rely on thei ow
strength to see them through.

Uheard tell thar they're creatures of dhe Wyld, like
us. Iemay beso, The Weaver hures them bad, that's for
sure, We can't exactly recognize just where their spirit
portion comesftom, but itcan'tflourish in areas where
the Gauntlet's high and nobody has need of fairytales

They can be nasty, and dangerour There ore
goblins among them, horrible creatures that'd gnaw
the flesh ftom your bones if they thought they co
get away with it. But { tell you, you've never seen
beauty like that of one of theirnobles. Even the faded,
pale, half-human ones are still unearthly, ercatuses
that could almost make you believe in a finer world
than this one.

T heard tell char some of them fall in love with
some of us, and I'll tell you that's something to be
avoided. They think nothing of throwing 2 glamour

with them, because the wretched creatures just can't
stand to hear the word "no." A talisman of iron is

isually che charm you need to resist their powers: if
you need to drive them away without actually killing
them, you can press ir against their flesh and they'll
leave you be.

Faeries. [tell you, if there's a world left when the
war is over, and the forests start growing thick and full
again, and there are more burnans who have fallen in
love with the world than those who haven't —maybe
then you'll see ane- But think instead the last of them

44 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

TT,


What Meth Garon Xn

¢ Fmerdat

ly extinct, s0 rare

jor actu
that they are nearly gone:

© Faeries
in areas wher

re allergic to che Weaver, and suffer
she is strong,

ly have to do

x; they aren't

* A facrie's pe

ers gene

powerful warriors

will die before the last of us does — which might not

be thar far off

Peufex

From an emait sent by Third Shift, Glass Walker

's worse than we thought, [just got word fram
ind they verified all we knew and added some
deuails, Hence the encryption. This isi f
off, che na

‘sonupany thar
yything itself these
ics.

ified; doesn't produc

days, but leaves that to the sul

as ALTE PCN

bunch),
(those waste-disposal jerks) and Rainbow Inc
utics people) are definitely all tied toget!
ies of this Pentex bie

Ml, Mogadon (the pharmace

(che p
They're all subsidi

© Each one of
brewing in plants her
sons, drugs that kind of thing. These deep black plants

says by
and the

is level stuff

alking pol

We'

merly deniable, and loaded with security — In.
cluding Banes and fomori. You heard me,

© Said ties with Wyrm-spirits and BSDs [shit
ssea!] seem to iraply that the

man!
worki co some agenda thercot, Possible
Maeljin Incarna influence here. Seems to be top eck
clon only; most employees seem to be ordinary corpo
rate bastards, no worse than the

+The
requlation. Ay

© Black
the like initely at their dis
deniable meres, Rumor has it they'
and are trained to fight wes
the point of packing silver amano.

* Other confirmed +

[toys}: Cireinus Brands [RJR

piagome in with the Wyrm, and arc

pollution standard
in, Md. influence?

em to virtually be

commandos, assassins, and

Completely
immune to the


——s

bhacco-wisel: Good House [paper products; serious
ad-practice loggers}; Hallahan Fishing lnumberthree
on Greenpeace's hit list; Herculean {firearms};
Herrick's [yeah, the grocery store chain}; King Brew.
cries (dumping some of that shit out of my fridge as
soon as send this}; Nastrum [*major* milirary manu
facturer I'd been looking at}; OmniTV [I shit you
noth O'Tollcy's {which isn't « surprise 0 anyone
who'severeaten there}; Tellus videogames, of which
've got like half their fall lineup}; and Vesuvius [the
publishers, in deep w/Good House}
Agenda uncertain, but we've all but verified (a)
ga buckasfastas possihle and fuck ethicsand (b)
help tum the buying public into brain-dead consum
We've sell not sure about (c) fuek the
i make everyone nsmiserableaspossible
wo that the Masters get that much stronger, have

sry mach

much easier job taking over, and set us up real nice —
but ic seems plausible to *me*
disseminate thistothe elders

, ASAP. Sure, they're gonna be
Jake* them listen t you:

46

aa

What Nett Garon Xow: Firtox

© Werewolves who haven't made (tahabit to
keep up with the corporate world (which in-
cludes many elders) are unlikely to even know
that there'ssuch athing as "Pentex",
present on the factories and trucks that do its
dirty work, and only the highest-ranking em-
ployces of its subsidiaries are in the habit of
mentioning its name fairly regularly

# Most werewolves involved in the fight
‘against corporate abuse of the land (and people)
re-aware of some of the "problem" subsidiaries

like Magadon and Endron, the ones who seem to

e sume access to Banes and fomori. Some of

s logo isn't

these werewolves know about the "higher power'
of Pentex, and some don't

this isn't the time for vital information to be lost ina
pile of mistrust for "urrah." | don't know how we can
fight something this big, but I rell ya, we gotta try.

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

TT,


¢
<
Cy

-————————

pter Three: Rivals and Enemies



panded. enon reipfet

TheRenown guideline pulehook and tailorin
for Werewolf The Apocalypse are fairly loose, and Renown gain rat
untentionally so. For one,

iven in the m:

¢ than simply roleplaying
Cor wrong.

se guideline charactets,
of the Storyteller
at could pewsibly

s well as

control in the han: may find the following chart «
shat talk
just what i
punishment), Again, this isn't ines

lortheratecf he comprehensive — it'scmly a number of examples of
rank gain to her own nustes; either granting more

Renown

heneive let af

affect Renown leads
xetting One general rate for Renown

in. A looser of reward (

yreller

structireencourage

chat de

| 9g RRaR ae
4

ves Renown modifications, We

detailed chart mighteuggestinorderte encourage Storytellers to create whatever awands (or
nent to high Rank, or granting fewer penalties) seem appropriate to che deeds of the chur
ome ters, or even to fudge them from day to day; as long &

hard-won.
have to say this
pulousplayersfi

(6 you remain largely consistent and even-hande

nesdiscourage unser hoy should complain
rough the Renown charts

Chapter Four: Odds and Ends

Qe een arerene::


ee AZ,

Jatnphi Renown Apa ge
Activity Glory Honor Wisdom
Combat and Cneoyopits

Besting someone (including a spirit) in a riddle contest

She
ing/killing the threat in question

4 A

ut restraint in the face of certain death 0 1 3
Ending a threat without serious harm co any Garou 0 o 5
Surviving an Incapacitating wound 0 0
Surviving any toxic waste attack 0 o
Artackingga much more powerful force without aid 0 0 3
Attacking minion of che Wyan widout regard to personal safety 0 0
Defeating a formidable supernatural threat not of the Wyrm ° 0
(strand spider, master mage, fae warrior, Fera)
Defeating « very powerful supernatural threat not of the Wyrm ° °
(archmage, fae sorceree)
Defeating a minor Wyrm threat 2
(Kalus,« Bane-infested animal, young vampires)
Defeating a average Wyrm threat (Blight Child, fomori) 0 0
Defeating a strong Wyrm threat (Psychomachiae, Black Spiral Dancer pack) 0 0

other Garou being hurt 0 0

°

mently des
without a siny

Defeating « very powerful Wyrm threat (Nexus Crawler, elder vampires)
without being hurt or dai

in the process +1 0 ty)

and the threat(s) were armed with silver weapons +1 0 0
Lutecting the Ngrme

Revealing, with certain proof, that s human or Kinfolk is "of the Wyrm" 0 0 2
Falsely accusing a Kinfolk of being "of the Wyrm" 0 2 3
Revealinj, with certain proof, that an orea of object is "of the Wyrm 0 o 3
Revealing, with cerrain proof, that « Garou is "of the Wyrm" 0 6
Fabely accusing a Garou of being "of the Wyem" 0 4
A ithicas

Purifying a Wyrm-tainted object, person, or place 0 0 2
Summoning an Incama avatar 9 2

Traveling to any of the Umbral Realms and surviving

Saccessfully completing a spirit quest in the Umbra
‘ailing ter succeed i

Having and properly following a prophetic dream
Giving a prophetic warning that later comes true

0
3
C)
a spirit quest in the Urnbra ty) 0 3
°
0
Ignoring omens, d t)

ms and the like for no goad reason
hey may be of the Wyrm)

Binding "inappropriate" items to oneself through the Rite of
(such as chainsaws, pagers, or wristwatches
This does not apply to Glass Walkers ot Bone Gnawers

(ve,

alisman Dedication 0

Spending a year in rimalistic seclusion (fasting, mediation, ete.) ° ° 5

After following mystic signs and advice...

Discovering a talen 0 ° 1

Discovering a 0 ° 2

50 Werewolf Storytellers Companion |

a ary, |


Activity
Discovering ancient Gard lote

Discovering a Parhstone (see Rite of the Opened Bridge, Werewolf, ps. 158)
Discovering an ancient caer that was last

Rites and Gifts:

Performing a Moot Rite

Refusing to perform Moot Rite when asked
Missing Moot Rite

Performing a Rite of Passage

Receiving a Rite of Wounding
Fertorminga Rate of Caern Building
Participating in a Rite of Caem Building

Participacion in a successful Great Hune rite

iled Great Hunt rite

Suffering the Rite of Ostracisim

Suffering the Stone of Scom

Suffering the Rite of the Jackal

Suffering a Satire Rite

Performing a Punishment Rite

Performing a Punishment Rite unjustly (botching the rite roll)
Refusing to participate ina rite

Giggling, joking, oF otherwise being disrespectful during a rite
(depends on the severity)

Learning a new rite

Discovering/creating & new rite
Duscoveringlereating a new Gift

Fetishes:

Creating a talen

Using a fetish for the good of the sept ot tribe
Using: a fetish for selfish reasons only

Creating a ferish

Owning a klaive (awarded once, only after three moans of use)
Owning o grand klaive (awarded once, only after three moons of use)
Sacrificing a fetish for the good af the sept or tribe

Accidentally breaking a fetish or talen

Accidentally breakinyy or losing a klaive
Conve, Activ biae
Helping guard a caer
Staying ar your post when on eaetn watch, even when tempted not to
Not staying at your post when on watch
Not helping guard a caem, even when asked to
Keeping a caern safe from humans through trickery or negotiation
Helping to prevent a caer from being overrun by the Wyrm
‘caeen from being overrun by the Wyrm
Died while defending a caeen (posthumous)

e-handedly prevented a caem from being token hy che Wyrm

Chapter Four: Odds and Ends

0

SEE SN STO SN TE

51


|

eon A SSL

Acuvtty

Gare Ribadions and Seddty

Teaching other Garou (depends on the depth of study)

L ihe Silver Record, complerely (a lifetime's work)
Fora honiid Garou, surviving to age 75

For
Breed

For a homid, ignoring on

lupus Garou, surviving (age 65

's wolf nature for too long
For a metis, attempring to hide one's deformity
ising too many human tools and other Weaver things

‘Gaining the position of pack leader

Living alone, without one's pack, except for ritual reasons
Sept and Tribe
Performing rey

and chores for the sept
at monthly Moot Rite)

Failing to perf
(subtracted wt

ng regular di
mnthly Moot B
cacm officer (C

ies and chores for the sept
e)

Disobeyiny

ander, ete.) withour good reason
Serving in any sept position (Caern Warder, ete)
Refusing any sepe position (Caem Warder, ete)

Loyal service to a sept
Loyal service w a tribe
Lita

Breaking the Li
Challens
Participating in a just challenge

(depends on severity of the transgr

Participating in an unjust challenge
Challenging someot

Bchathor

Giving good advice

too far above oF too far below your Rank

Giving had advice
Medi
Mediating a dispute unfairly

ing & dispute fairly

Keeping one's promise
F

ing to kad ines eunatcs

Being cruthful

¢ of extreme adversity

Being deceptive

Being dec
Any time trickery backfires
Attempting ro act outside
Telling a good story at a moot

ive in the face of ext

me adversity

ne's auspik

Telling a true epic at-a moor that is |

retold by others
Telling an epic that is entered into the Silver Record

——

Upholding the Linany (depending on the lengths to which a Garou goes)

openly (depends on circumstances

Werewolf Storytellers Companion

TY,

Glory

0
0
0

©
0

()

lod
3)year
2

year

los
Sto-8

3
3

wee

0
0
0

10 gy
10
3
3
Hose
t)
3
a
4
CY)
Myear
1
year
VWyear
tw3
204 |


Activity
Speaking dishonorably to one's elders (depends on the severity)
Speaking with
Speaking poorly

sou as a whole
Speaking poorly of one's auspice

ey ‘stribe

poorly of enone tie (de
Bone

js on circumstance;
doesn't include speaking ill c Gnawers)
"Crying Wolf" (ie., summoning the Ahroun of a sept ° 5 0

Protection and Defense:

Healing « fellow Garou (non-pack member) unselfishly 0 0 '
Showing merey to a wayward Garou 0 0 3
Protecting a helpless Garou 0 4 0
Not protecting a helpless Garou 0 5 0
Protecting :t helpless hu ° 2 °
Not protecting a helpless human a 1 0
Protecting a helpless wolf 0 5 0
Not protecting a helpless wolf Q 6 0
Supporting an innocent being accused of a cei 0 5 °
(who is later proven innocent)

Supporting an inaodent being accused of 0 4 0
(who is later proven guilty)

Death while defending your pack 4 6 0
Death in defense of Gaia 7 7 0
Frenzy

Succumbing to a berserk frenzy ° 1
Succumbing to a fox fre 1 1
Succumbing to a fox frenzy and abandoning your pack in time of need 0 1 2
Succumbing to a berserk frenzy and injuring fellow Garou: o oO ,
Succumbing to the thrall af the Wyem a 4

all of the Wyrm 0 46 0
(cannibalism, perversion, arracking own puckmates, etc)

Human sd Kifolle Rebediout

Performing a heinous act while in the th

Maintaining good relations with nearby Kinfolk 0 0 2
Having poor relations with nearby Kinfolk 0 0 3
Choosing a mare and breeding ° 0

Choosing a mate, hut not breeding 0 1
Honorably mated 0 0
Protecting the Veil ¢ °
Harming/rending the Veil ° 0
Repairing the Veil (covering up an instance that could ° 1

reveal the

» fwutmans)

Chapter Four: Odds and Ends

QL eee ste te


|

se SSL

Renown Conversion

Ofall the changes Werewolf: The Apocalypse
has undergone between editions, the most dramatic
chinge has probably béen the Renown system, In
First Edition, Renown wasn't measured in rempo-
rary or permanent dots; instead, it was an ever-
increasing series of numbers. The higher you gor,
the higher your Rank

Whit. does 10 do with che Revised
Edition? Not lor — but there are still a number of
fine editivn buoks in specialty stores and reprint
compilations that use the original Renown system.
Many of these hooks are stl! quite good, to boot, and.
contain totems and fetishes found nowhere else. So
10 use the material in these old books to full effece
{and why not?), a Storyteller should be prepared to
convert them to Revised rules. Which is where these
suidelines come in,

Generally speaking, old Renown awards tended to
n 100 to 2000, (To put this in perspective,
characters began the of 10,000
Renown to qualify chem for Rank One, and needed
20,000 to get to Rank Two, 40,000 to get to Rank
Three, and s on.) Besting a minor Wyrmish threat
would earn 100 Glory, completing an Umbral quest
‘might earn 500 Wisdorn, and so on.

The current system recommends Renown awards
ranging from one to seven points of temporary Re
nown, with one point marking a noteworthy but not
spectacular deed and seven points being awarded only
ose who have made the greatest sacrifices and
achieved the greacest deeds,

‘With that i mind, the simplest thing to do is to
convert a Renown award based on that scale. For
example, fa book mentions a Renown award of 100-
500, that's roughly the equivalent of one or two points
of Renown. The following chart denotes our recom:
mended guidelines for Renown conversion; ee! free to
modify and interpret the results as you like.

Old Renown Award New Renown Award

100-300 One point
350-750 Two points
800-1200 Three points
1250-1750 Four points

1800-2000 Five poines
2001+ Sic oF seven pointe

Characters, of course, are something of a different
story; there's no good formula for converting their old
Renown scores to the modern system. [n such a cas
Storytellersare encouraged to guesstimatea character's
Renown as appropriate for his or her rank or deeds;
total accuracy isn't that necessary. (Besides, time his
certainly passed since the publication of those books.
tnd some of those characters may well have earned s
extra rank by now.

Linileasies Combat

from at their best in the water,
but that doesn't mean that they can always choose to
fight.on dry land. It's entirely possible that « werewolf
may be tossed overbonid, or be forced into combat in
a river, lake or even swimming pool. This can prove a
real problem in more than one way — visibility is
heavily impaired, and itn air-breather cannot cely wun
scent to track prey. And, of course, chere's the diff
culty involved with just moving around.

Athletics is the defaule factor for determining
whether a character can swim or not; unless the
Storyteller cules otherwise, presume that anyone with
atleastone dotin Athletics can swim. When underwa
ter. the chameter's Athletics (or Swimming, if the
Storyteller lets characters purchase Swimming as a
Secondary Ability rather than an Athletics specialty)
governs just how easily she's able to move. A character
performing any physical action cannot use more dots
in the relevant Ability than she has in Athletics: 9
werewolf with Melee 5 but Athletics 2 can only use
two dots of her Melee Skill when submerged.

Werewolves ure fi

Athletics Base Speed
0 1 mecer/tum
1 smeterftum
2 ete
3
4
5

rh) meters/turn

Strength +2) meteryeurn
Wit) meters/urn
(Strength #6) meters/turn
(Strength +9) meters/eurn
{Strength +12) meters/turn

34 Werewolf Storytellers Compa

os

TT,


I

Swimming eate is largely determined by train
notagility; water issufficiently dense that the ability
pull oneself forward is more reliant on strength than
speed. | heiaccompanying ch aideline for
how quickly a chi move in the
water, (If the Storyteller allows Swimming to be pur:
chased as a Secondary Ability, use the chart as ifthe
character powessed an Athletics rating two higher
than het Switiming rating.)

ter will be able

When actually embroiled in hand-to-hand com:
bacunderwater, acharacter isatasevere disadvantage
All brawling actacks save grapples and bites halve the
attacker's Strength for purpases of damage, and are
dodged ar =I difficulty dhanks to the slowit cof
he water. Melee weapons are similarly impaired —
flexible weapons such as chains and thrown weapons

se ineffectual, Slunt weapons lose three dice from
theirdamage pools, slashing weapons lose twodice and
stabbing w

Firearms are also a risky proposition. Firing om

submerged target from dry land suffers +2 difficulty to
the avesch roll, und a bullet loses 1 die of chameage for

through. underwa

ifficulty mexifier (which

Chapter Four: Odds and Ends

SEE OL, SE URS FEY SR ERLANG

is the result of image displacement), but damage is
reduced as usual

Asmentioned in the main rules, combat underwa
ter tends to be very stressful, and uses up oxygen much

more quickly. During combat, a character ean h

breath for anumberof tursequal cowwice his Stan
after that. he be
level of let

ins to drown, raking one health
bh turn, which can't be
regenerated until he's breathing. air

For the definitive look ar underwater com

bat, have a look at World of Darkness: Blood-
Dimmed Tides

Wegtont

wolves. don't

I damage

effectiveine

mnbat, but many prefer not cohavetorely

on claws though fire
tainlyefiective,they'reabittoveasy formost werewolves

learning touse the sword that yc
requires discipline, whereas
fi

too

8 are cer

y human can use a
m. (And, of course, there's the stigma of relying
puch on the Weaver's per advances....) So al
though most werewolves see no need to use anyth

es)


|

ee AZ

other than their natural weaponry, some hive a defi
nite taste for melee weapons

‘This expanded weapan sections intended to offer

Storveellers a much greater variety of weapons with

which to confound players — or to offer cheir charac

tery as fetishes or other heirlooms. Many of these

weapons can be found in "silvered
crafted entire

J" version, These
from silver — thts makes
them more useful against werecreatures, but does one
less die of damage due to the metal's general inferior
edge und hardness (save for klaives, which undergo a
special forging process and ritual hardening to achieve
their remarkable tensile strength). A weapon might
uli be silver-pl

sd, in which case it-is treated as-a

silver weapon far mayhe one or ewe hlows against a
trong target before the silver is worn away. Silver that
hay been worked into an alloy is irritating and p
bur soakable— it may turn bashing damage into lethal
as far > an allergic shapeshifver is concerned, but is
unlikely to have muc!

more effect

© Axe: This category from
€ axe on ups th istics can be used
for Norse: hattleaxes,  woodcutter's axe, and so on.
Axes are fairly popular among Garou, who often fight
creatures thar need to be bodily hacked to bits before
they stop mowing (like 4)

* Chain: Although a simple length of chain
makes a fine weapon without any alterations, some
cultures artach weights to either end to maxi

ncludes everythin

ty-(In Japan, such aweighted chairs

sgusari,) It's an easy thing

Heda manriki
W attach a blade to the end
in as well. A character armed with
Hon weapon (such as kusari-gama, which
eight pnoncendandasmall sickle-like blade
other) may choose to attack with the blade or

‘on any given action, using the statistics for
the knife or ch
craft chains

+o
any makeshift bludg

Werewolves rare!

hain only

on of opportunity
of weapons, this represents

A.dub can be «tree branch,
s lead pipe, a baseball bat or any such thing. These
tatistics can al represent the more finely crafted war
clubs of many cultures. Werecreatures aren't prone to
fabricate fetish

enterand empowe
fetishes in

by, most. spirits wouldn't care to
asimple length of wood. Any club
e-are probably war clube uppropt
ate to the people that crafted them.

56


* Katana: The epitome of Japanese weapon:
smithing (some would say of the world's weapon
smuthing), the kacana is a curved sword designed for
slashing. Ieis folded many, many times in the forging
process, making a true katana remarkably fine weapon

— unfortunately, buyers are far more likely to un into
shoddy knock-ofis. The statistics listed are for the
finest katanas co be found (which are almost never for
sale); lesser blades do one less dic of damage.
‘Werewolves donot bind spirits into katanas, and sono
fetish koranas can be found outside the Beast Courts,
Mundane karanas, however, are popular among some

l damage to a werewolf.

* Knife: Next to the club, the knife ts the most
basic weapon there is. These statistics represent short-
bladed stabbing or slashing weapons of all sores: bowie
knives, daggers, jambiyas, stilettos, Japanese tants,
and.so on, There are a variety of fetish knives, though
none 89 famous (or infamous) as the fang dagger.

eraser Ee RN

: A preferred weapon of the Black Fury
tribe, the labrys isa dangerous double-bladed axe. The
Furiescommonly make these axes into fetish
granting great spced in combat and howlin
shees when wielded against male foes
¢ Mace: The mace is the next step up from the

4 hafted weapon with a forged or cast-iron
hheid. A mace can be flanged of spiked (the latter
version is often called a momingstar), or simply: a
smooth metal weight, Designed to staye in skulls and
do severe tissue damage, flanges maces are orally
considered lethal damage (although at the
‘option, some targets — such as vampires or
form werebeasts — might be resilient enouigh te treat
‘flanged mace's damage as baal

© Polearm: These weapons were generally the
choice of peasantry —at its most b
simply a utensil such asa sickle or cleaver attached to
a pole for extra reach. However, more sop!
versions can be found; these statistics should
for anything from halberds (a spear combined with a
small axe head te nine-dragen eridents.(elahorate
Chinese polearms). Fetish polearms are ali
heard of; a Crinos werebeast has plenty of ri

ytellee's

ic, a polearm is

‘heont; N = weapon can't be concealed

Weapon Difficulty
Sap .
Chain a
Club 5
Staff 6
Knife 4
Spear 6
Mace 6
Sword 6
Katana 6
i
7
Kiave* 6
Labiys 7
7
Difficulty: The normal diftculty ar which the weapon is used
Damage: The number of damage dice rolled for the weapon.
‘Type: B = Bashing: L = Lethal; A = Aggravated
Conceal: P = Pocket; J = Jacket;
‘may be used to entangle an opponent's limb at +1 difficulty.
**These weapons are silver and inflict unsoakable dama

¢ code applies only to fetish versions; a labrys without a spirit bound within inflicrs lethal damage

Midlee Weapont Chart

Damage/Type Conceal
rengeh/B P
rrengeh/B \

Strength +1/B T

Strength+ L/B N

Steengel/L p

Strength +1/L N

Steength+2/L N

Steength #2/L 1

Strength +3/L T

Strength +3/L N

Strength 3)L N

Strength +Z/A i

Strength +3/A***
Strength +3/A

» Garou,

Chapter Fou

2 Odds and Ends 57

ONY


|

«1 poleartn offers lire else to someone whose claws are
more deadly than a steel blade

* Spears Although even a long, sharpened stake
qualify as a spear (Storytellers may want to penal-
ize such crude weapons a die of damage), most spears
range from five to fifteen feet in length, with astone or
metal head at one end, They are fairly popular among
werebeasts, as the long haft works well in a wielder's
hands no matter how large he can grow. Some sample
spears include javelins, tridents, flint-tipped spears
and hone-spears (which feature crossguard to keep the
boars — or entemies— from forcing their way down the
shaft to nttack the wielder). The short-hafted assegai,
notable for its unusually large leaf-shaped head, 15 a
popalat weapon among African shapestufters (usually
Bustet), Wendigo are fond of binding spitits of the
winds or storms into spears to craft fetishes that ma-
nipulate weather or call down ice of lightning.

* Staff: This is the standard length of wood or
metal, roughly as long as its wielder is tall. A properly
wielded staff can be used to great defensive effect;
Storytellers may choose to add one to the difficulty
strike (not shoot) aperson whohasthe Melee specialty
of staff use and who forgoes attacking in favor of
defense for the turn. The Children of Gaia are most
likely to create fetish staves, as they appreciate the
‘weapon's utility-as a non-lethal weapon.

ee 7 rete eee

* Sword: These statistics can be ised for every-
thing from basket-hilted claymores to Viking broad-
swords; the differences between them aren't tre-
rendously significant. Generally. speaking, the
word" category covers everything with a blade of
about chree feeror so —longer than the short sword,
shorter than swords that ust he wed tso-handed.
‘Swords are rarely made into fetishes — the grand
Klaive is of similarsize,and much more useful — bur
some Shadow Lords and Silver Fangs appreciate
their symbolic impace

A Enh bitory

Although ie's very hard to pinpoint specific dates
thar were important to Garou history — werewolves
are cteatutes of oral tradition, and don't necessarily
count years the way thar humans do — Storytellers
nighefind abriefoutline of Garou history helpful. The
following isby nomeans comprehensive, bur it should
help give a sense of which event followed which over
the millennia,

Tt may seem thi
significant events are piling up in the last ceneury —
that perception is very true. The Apocalypse is at
hand, and each new event that shakes up che war is
another one of the signs that the end is near.

a dispropoetionare amount of

Pechistory

happened in the rough order given.)
'* Humanity emerges
* Bireh of the first Garou
+n

pesgiau begins

America

physical world

Morenoff Timeline
(Although the Garou have many legends of the First Days, many events took place long before humans

cor werewolves started counting the years. No actual dates exist for most of the prehistoric exploits of the
‘wolf tribes, bur the following prehistoric events are generally — not always

* The Wendigo, Croatan and Uktena follow thei
* The Garou sever and scatter the Talons of the Wyrm, powerful manifestations of the Wyrm in the

* Impergium ends; the first human cities begin to develop
© The War of Rage rages across Europe and parts of Asia and North Africa

presumed to have

in-across the land bridge from Siberia to North

58 Werewolf Storytellers Companion

nian 6 4

a

IN

eneral History

1200 BC (approximate) — ‘The Fianna fight the Fomori Wars for possession of the British Isles

1800 BC (approximate) — The
of the Wyrm.

200 (approximate) — The White Howlers fall to the Wyrm; those that don't become Black Spiral
Dancers are slain by their corrupted brethren.

OX ( A nupsive Uribral fire heraldy the beginning of the Dark Ages.

1521 — The death scream of the last werebat echoes across the Penumbra of the Americas; the Shadow
Lords renounce war against the Fera of South America.

1589 — The Croatan sacrifice themselves to banish Eater-of Souls from the physical work

1780s — Steam engines make the first true factories posible, marking the beginning of the Industrial
Revolution.

1796 — Laurent dle Mer forms the oceult Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon, a cult foundedion
sarbled interpretations of Black Spiral Dancer lore.

1830:— A powerful Bane is released from its boridsin the American West; fuses witha similarly mighty
Weaver-spirit become the spiritual menace known as the Storm Eater. Roughly at the same time, the
Warder tribe adopts the name "Iron Riders" in sept after sept.

1850s — Viunpires begin migrating into the American West in nu
explode in the West

1865 — Jerem m Oil,

1890 — Thirteen mighty Garou, one from each tribe save the Bunyip, sacrifice themselves in the Rite
of Still Skies to seal the Storm Eater once more.

1892 — Jeremiah Lassarer makes an unholy pact with a mighty Wyrm-beast, granting it control of
Premium Oil through him.

1895 — The Iron Riders elders begin referring to themselves at moots as the "Glass Walkers."

1913 — The last few members of the Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon disband

1915— Premium Oil undergoesa change of management —andaname change to Pentex Incorporated.

1930s —The European Garou of Australia, tricked by the Black Spiral Dancers, exterminate the Bunyip
in the War of Tears

1986 — Pentex moves into Brazil, beginning operations to cull the rainforest forall they can yet fot
it, Werewolves from around the world respond, igniting the War of the Amazon.

1989 —The Exxon Valder disaster, coupled with the Chemobyl disaster of 1986, is cited as proof thar
the Third Sign af the Prophecy of the Phoenix has come to pass

1990 — The ancient hag Baba Yaga awakens in Russia.

1992 — Baba Yaga ereces the "Shadow Curtain,
the rest of the world (at least spiritually speaking).

1998 — The Rassian Garou

Nation.
1999 — The Red Star, Anthelios, appears in the Umbral skies. A cub is born to two metis parents; the
birth is heralded as one of the final signs of Apocalypse. King Albrecht leads a crusade against the Seventh
Generation, crushing its leadership. The Beast Courts propose alliance with the Stargacers
2000 —The Stangazers formally secede from the Garou Nation, The Garou elders admit chat the Sixth
Sign of the Prophecy of the Phoenix has come to pass, and that the Seventh is surely nigh,

lent Steiders are driven from Egypt by the curse of a powerful servant

exitnate)

bers. Human population heygns ta

dh Lassater and his partners incorporate into Pre

powerful Umbral barrier thar closes off Russia from

ay the Zmei Gregomous; concurrently, Bubs Yaga is destroyed by persons
he Shadow Curtain eraches down, rounising the Russian Garou with the rere of tho Garou

Chapter Four: Odds and Ends 59
Qe ares ONY


Ole'

CAP OCALYP (Ot

Name: Pack Name:
Playe: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Concept:
Phetheal, Social, Mantel,
@0000 Charisma, @0000 Pere mn, #0000
Dexterity 0000 — Manipulation 0000 Intelligence. 0000
pina____@0000 Appearance. e0000 Wis e0000
aaa simmer Wipes eee ree rir
Talents Anensenger
Alermess 60000 Anlinitttect™ 00000. G 00000
Athletics 00000 Crfis______ 00000 60600
Brawl 00000 Drive 00000 on, 90000
Dodge. 00000 — Etiquette_ __00000 0000
Empathy 00000 Firearms 00000 — Linguisti 00000
Expression, 00000 Leadership 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Melee 00000 Occult 90000
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance ____ 00000 __ Politics. (0000
Sucetwise. 90000 Stealth 00000 Rituals 00000
Subterfuge______00000  Survival____ 00000 Science. 00000
ane mre AL Afvap pages ————
Lackgrounde tie
00000
0000 =
90000
90000
00000
mere hems ermrrnncen name ar
Renown He} mmm
Glory oVVG0000000 Bpilesd 2
O10 DO OOO OOO = Mek Ree Hure 419
QOO00000000 9900000000 Injured 1 Qa
Honor linathp eee Non 2
009000000000 raciaa
Pt Kn eo000000000 Cripple 5
go00000000 DouuRO GE etek — Mee
Wisdom o000000000 pe
0000000000 SW fpongp mmo Liperlonce:

goo0gog0oogo00u

2 Reap he —— <<a

o000000000
Qoou0og0u00gKug0

OS, EST ES ONY

a OE OE SET UTEP SLSTEAFY;


SS
7 oF
APOCALYPSE |
ERE!
Howh ate Pies - Hixpo Lupus
Strength (+2)__ Srefigth (#4). _ Strength (43). Strength (41)__
Ndi S23) Dexterity (#1) Dextesif (42). Dexterity (+2)__
Change a Stamina (#2)
Manipulation')
Difficulty6 Difficulty: 6

00000,

00000
00000

00000
00000
00000
00000

90000 Power:
00000
00000

Gnosis

00000
00000 N

00000 \

00000 |

00000

00000

00000

00000

icra ail AT opie

Maneuver/Weapon

Rell

Difficulty] Damage [Range] Rate | Clip

———

= ower:

rien «2


r a IEREWOLE

OF —_
|
WARE WOL
ww Nature: Demeanor:
ere et Mer ht Tart a
ot Tue Cat Tle Gye Bonus
_ ——
Allat Mentor
_ Anestort Pure ed
Contacts Resowret
|
a Prttnd me A Expres memento
Gear (Carried)___— TOTAL:
| Gained From:
| ———— —
JOTAL SPENT —_

Spent On:


pheno arrose rice rca ms qaaretie arene rea reumemrensae arena

Sa nen ee ee

Evo ~~

ERE\ PAPOCALYPSE'

— ale

senerericeroeeers am oP, ~. Description a
Age:
he | Weight
_  BatteStars.
spa Mah Deformity
mourners see SAE (py,
Pack Chart dtwalt Se

— aay; ,

=


with the rival denizens of the We
pected to bear

The Werewolf Storytellers Companion contains tons of extra information
signed to enhance a Storyteller's game — more details on the enigmatic (iif
15, a aIES pe ive on the antagonists that '

and sept life, further weapons,

ven an nown chart. What's mor
and ¢ hart, What =

A

mline gameplay. The

information within is sure to be useful to Storytellers

ation, and a cheat-reference to the

el screen listing the most oft-referenced charts in the
rules; excellent for hiding dice rolls and covered with
art to help set the mood
