# File: Storytellers Guide.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


A

&y CDark Hunzer, Scephen Kenson, lan Lemke,
Nancy Schutcz-Ueccer

(;


Concencs

Faeriecale: The Tellers Tale
Incroduccion

Chapcer One: Oy






UR

‘Though he dd not know it unt ust few moments
‘gs Sel said as he realized why he had fee compelled to
tel che children his story, "the oryeller now thinks he
Knows why he wi choten (or this earch. He will travel
theighout the kiagdom aod tell cis eae to anywho wll

Wer. He will ak thea to el thei fens the story so that
Iceanbe pasied on tas many people as pomible. And when
the try on everyone's ips, soteone who hess it may

0 where the kiag can be found, othe king may hear of
Wand ind his way home"

‘Seiftood, stretched his muscles and eed 0 fudge the
tffct his tale ad on the "gang" He ale ac his wach
fda that had only an hou or so before his parents eft
foc the day Hed ave co hurry. Lockiy hey lived just 0
lois ney

"Tac the rai slewing up ile. Now isthe cme to
run beeween the raindrop fans ofou want co goto school
‘aad learn of the adventures wating for you there oat be
‘oh oy way. There is much for me to do and T must see my
sents befor they leave for work"

"You sil didn' tell ws wha' in the sack!" The leer
stood and looked at Sef theeateingly.

Didn't If Then must bex your pardon for not being
{he toryeler | thoxght myer be. What i inthe sack?
Just a snord oy young fends, ly a Blade in search ofa
levecompanion"

‘Some ofthe kids Inughed. A few mutered "Wacko" ot
Loon" unde gels Breaths The lead looked fr support
ut found most ofthe others ding away. "Sil ook ike
‘sguntomey" be ieally seated and swaggered rom che room,

‘Seif looked after him and sid sadly, "Ando ic shall
probably always be a gun to you. Iam aot {could not
‘hange that for you."

"Lelieve you." The voice thae said that was so quiet
‘hat Seif wnn'tecais he bad head it at et. Turing, he
‘ay Thomas Lincoln huddled on the crate he'd occupied
throughout che story. "Could I se it? Tor seed.

‘Seif walked to the table and unwrapped the Blade.
Lung i fous che concealing ols ofthe gutbage bap, Ne
held out foe Tom's inspection. The boy extended a hood
towacd the sword and saw arty ited thing hardly worth
eeping."tbelleve" Tom owrbted to bimself and closed
is ees, letting his Baad fe che silky metal ofthe blade,
Stated by te aoothness he opened his ees —
—andfellintoadeea- Cashing imagescravled across

his vision; shouts and screams echoed rogether with poeuy
and the sounds of Sidiong and harp. He saw bnself
‘clothed in ails ad velvet, standing tall and handhoone
Aanidaroonfulof benef mee and wonen. Bowing tobi,
they called himchronicler"and"noble one." Othe ages
through bis mid, coo — things he would work out
later, For now, he knew his ue nace was Ogomocana,
which means Truth, He was one ofthe Dueeetkin known at
‘sho jut athe soryelee The young boy opened his ees
aed seared up at bis kate
salle," he laughed.

"Yes even the unhappy rot" Sefextendedaband coche
‘pewbor chilling. He wontbe aching ing, ou, free
ef hn. "You've ast gone tough your Chrys, courts
of alurn.{ would nora be gladoke yout mentor in yout
‘ew life, bu mast eave before te day ou. would gad
twtrodce yout Myre, whohelped ne when [fist became
zeae of ey ee elf How di he Rave suck nary Chis?
West bense othe suc?

Tide his end, Seif fle Cabur respond. He the ne
ae you plc awl of tees othe dreamers Bre,
(Oporctna ul ements the sry youl othe Ne
sa ahomeve il en,

Will she teach me what [need to know" Ogomotana
‘seemed very salto the cdc estos the boy shed fom one
foot to che other.

"OF coure she wil, and you will become che greatest
tortllet of wall" Sei clapped hand o the boys shoul,
‘Just done forgeRemenber] won'c be hereafter today 1h
1 could say and guide you, but my quest comes ft. lars
thought de teller alg, Uneveethouighe Pe the tog"
Buc Fam the story rw, ordi nt aeons ase fle
tellers soecne de yb fd Dav, ad who eter
locate the than ar eha? Whatever the gut ks on,
1 fou my heat, fi

‘The chilling' yesgleamed with sen self-knowledge
Oigieyaurtoundedbiea ke acloskashegacedat Selfand dem
Iie wp i fll eight. Sel admired che dk rae of
the chilling ae, hichimesiclcloting, with since
fold an sparing decorations looking like the eight sky. The
‘Her eso accorded the chilling a ow, as berweea eas

"Ion foxpet Se Opsmotarassuedin"Youeasgca
yourqeet tbat wore. heart ever woedofyourstory ae
‘ernerer Kall Thou bis words were serous the cil'

y}

DAS aoa:
LIEN



‘Stores nth egend. these mete things thst Change-
ling sll about. Changeling offer ut an opportunity to ten
‘side our iver andexperencetomething fanantic tolive
‘pare of ur drat.

Unlike other types of games, roleplaying anes dont
necesnly have wines or loses. Yes a character can die
(hich sre might conde losing), or be grated 2 high-
ronking ile and ree fom the ave Ie tat moat pager
-hatnctes enjoy (oer night think ths tobe wining) Yee
inthe end tsalla prt ofthe story and telling toes what

iva book lke thie are
ly ake thing! abe
thepagenof hide
atheros, sugpeionsand acexionsare yrsent oe
wing dhe exiting tle.

How co Use This Book:

‘Thefollowing ar outhines of wha one can expect cond
in cach of the capers
+ Once upon a Time goes into great
ws aipects of telling saccenal sary
and chooaicle

Changeling Scorgectons Guide

* Chapter Thee: Playing the Rules looks ethos
liminating dice fom roleplaying msec

your Changeling chronicle. This chapter ovale to ay
Storyteller who feels choc his chronicle licks outnide in

* Chapter Five: Other Places, Other Dreams explores

steange new world and alteat
ourChangeling sr. Al

axecovered her
tales whoa

= Append
the Changeling books in prise dough to 1992. A lot of

+ Chapeet Two: The Storytellers Coreroffen nigh,
suggestionsandanswensdecte fromthe a

rdexesprosiseee

suggested Boks fins and msc fai give,

peri for you to st


‘A Reminder of che Golden Rte

‘The Golden Rule of roryeling ls the one moe offen
Ted oan he Stree per, and ye, eae forced
eg op tne and tie again. Is anrered in books,
eating via emal, phone cals and lees. This
levereant rl" ithe Golden Role; he rule hae sete that i
don undestandarale, you dent ike io you jst want
{our scnething ee isead hen by all means, ake i up!
Jen yoo ply Changeling, it comer your proe.yout
tor, Brae hereto provide you with ich enwonment
hich you an st your sorier — not to be ules police, who
ae exactly how mach damage a changeling takes fom
‘alin our ofan plane 30,00 fet while belng shot bya
Higa malt if. Js you sbould noe expec us 0

inl evry vation of what happens fa vampie Eabraces

fargeling, These ee Wes a denies for you to dete
Iie Yuhioud rt your adgment and proceed with what
takes the beac oye works forthe story chat a changeling
Embed bya vacrpie eee all of hee merwols, then 6
ih; nothing isstoppng you

The Gattain

eri lic of many of he Galan and oherfathaehave
sppered in Changeling books throughout the years. A bel
‘ersten ofthe kth (or group) is provided, o wel as
‘erence ao what book they canbe found in. None of the
‘Thala decided here, though Storytellers who are incet-
soroin heer lace bad gupscanind ther in The Shadow
Cour

* Selkis (Inmorel Eyes: The Toybox) — Beautiful
and echrve fae who live much of thee mesa che ea. Like
the pooks, chey re shapeshers, though slkies can change
‘nl nto the for of seal. Selkes are unique among che foe
[rctue they are no encarated inthe rpleal fahion eae
che tie of hs eat, each setke pases on his "ia" to 8
mortal. This akin elingsbes the faerie esence 192 new
‘portal

* Meochuni (lamoral Eyes: Shadows onthe Hill) —
‘Thee fae can be found slostexchaively ln the Hawaian

)

‘slands, Like the Nunneh of Norh Amerie, they have close
tier wich the mative peoples ofthe lands

* Clurichaun (Immortal Byes: Court of All Kings) —
Found mostly in che British sles, the_chrichaun delight i
sorting, rude and god dein. They ae delight cd
mot avoid politics

*+ Nanni (The Changeling Phyect Guide) — Fae
sativetoNerh America. Tete aterang diferent varedesot
them. Neneh arecloiel ted che and and cut offom the
Dearing, and in many ways the shae more kinship with
‘eau spies than they do with he Kithain.

* Chile dhu Isle ofthe Mighty) —Recsive fe who
vel forthe mos paren dhe Beth les. They are inked
ttvtstely to nara and othe semon.

* Howse Seathach (Nobles The Shining Host) — Anche
tous of waro who sed bebe during the Staring



Aang ie ge glo, far, fo ay

a middle and an end
mes wile
fot even the Story



Posehn ead on a leery rena be ough oncein
Hijo tile Sen's ny charcec ur now qe
Beischel estab vockershep Anco collchase
Tetooteteestn the reaureorthe qu, bac hecucove,
okey cling sy soc iaiena cect honor
Meher ant Deen's Cove ste ec ctl or
Nesta geben
laf a coc of bers be Une of he

toll who ety te cea, sneer

Aithethnedof hear weaveinandou chance are
BS tatty crosanaroes copes oenndorsonal
falter aight fn theruches inopponton en other
Specs Teton aber cre dinate apn ret
Rrveen yer dace

Open-Gacherings

"Ndi wiy tor acronis ler gayen deci
on hice ge egther Av Sener pore
trowon shore chart can er, hen a ack and le
Pras things fom tere

(Of cous fs nota single sit sors — co un an
pense even mith» very ood ong of apr
{tue af provi om he Stone o Keep
fonnting running mow, You mar apy Law the
Soon tt yo re psting character into, Abo. have
Pest plot reads aendy two tehind che sence
Jepsen the ney things srt bo dome
the ote a ins ba forcing nse Soe
‘tbe chances ght oe have enone to ak oe
Saher ie sone mine ake dhe native Sn ek xt
cher pe corte coming p with renon to meenet
Sth Bee. Some crim eS even che pay eo
‘te neetng and fon charter inteoios Bt fH
hatengng a ques coable aye anda Serle
‘toons how to had hem

‘A pectlen wh his method i having ays ho ace
fou creive or force a ahert — thre who fd
thamscives pba inc the backgrosnd by more dye
‘SlephyercThatreen the Sonttermen oe shard
fidecvens oa les ave achancew inerrant
Itraved Mant the Selena ete decider
Saleia npsocn bewrereecul cele races
Gang onthe comcson-tesJodpment os tnd leet
tice' who hasbeen gue matching Peay ployer
‘hive sporsmor Scie taken sary ing
‘rh the alifomer vhs sting on he lines.

"Another pole with open-ptetng tote who
cue tte nkinve or ply aon" and ge valved.
‘his request ston um he Somer
flipers ate ba to. andy cen then dang
Chevehetan aero alla ar andthe op at

not coming together ase should a draari event quickly
clectiies thing: Maybe enemiei stack out of nowhere, a
‘eundercecas oradeamatic omen shows the player charters
‘coneted by Din ome way. Thee retho ace eewhat
Teavyhandal, bu they work

Closed Chronicles

Storyteller may have acbronee in ind
<efined limits than thowedesribed above. Fe instnee, 3
‘huoniele involvesagroupof commoner fie who ducovera
lose freehold, and then they move defend st agains che
snokilty who wis to ceca el this eye of setup, the
Storcller has alteady defined chings about che types of
characters in the chronicle: i is highly unlikely, or ex
ample, for someone to playa noble character uoessthey are
an outeat, eae. oe other tyre likly to ally ith group of
‘ommmoners. Thus charter need mocisations for why they
‘ould defend thee feeebol in defiance ofthe abt.

A closed chronicle yrovkdes some additonal focus:
players know shat co expect and what the story ls aboat
before they crest their chuacters. Homever,t does nit
the opeians char players have for making chacactets and
ectng the sor, at Test at fist: Once the chronicle is
tundeeway, the Storyteller can naturally allow the decisions
and actions losers top aig prt ndeciding where
the story goes. Maybe the commoners who take eoneol of
fhe feehold deci ro turn ito a shelter for commoners
‘sho disk the nobly ad want to change things in the
ogo or they lke to stay out of polities aleogether ot
they want to tun ce feeehol into a haven for hoes in
red of fen a

Inserting up and tuning a closed chronicle, you must
eves lie i dese ting Che enw' preva oles It po
don't xant players to ren tele new Heed into sheet,
for baeeredmoetal women, then make i cleae wheee you
think che bvooicle should go. If there's a definite goal,
anf itbefore and duting the game, Some playershave no
peablers with closed eheonicle. an they bike the sate of
feuctte, bat others find restitive worlings annoying
Find out in advance ifthe chronicle sounds ike something
players wall enjoy before playing a cheonicle cheye not
Inecesced in, What fsoraeone in the group really wast
noble character? Do you wan to alter che plot 9 acc owe
date them! If oc take the player aside and explain to her
Ihow ber character tes docs' le dhe sory fo wane co
run Reach some Kind of compecmise.

Acclosed chtonele nods mare peor planning on your
part, since the Storteller provides ouch of the story's
‘riving fore. I is stvevhat ease co rani you plan cut
tauch of the plot in advance, and some ofthe playee
<holces are aleeady made for det. Essectaly, you have to
som your enteril before bringing players ito the stay,
and using some existing soutce mateval (ce Using S
Material) cakes the jot enter.

Q



Scrip vs. Noces.

When sting up cory, decide if you ate going to ws 2
seit ate ox a notes spk fot wring down your moter
Sct ae fat nave deve bux tend to lack leobiliy Notes
s2> ft the oppo: flexible but ofen lacking in decal, As
‘Sorelle, you mus find a happy rede chat wos for you
aeatbe ple

_Avcript for he Storyclers mah like one fora movie or
stage plo: Ke conan detailed desrigtions of everthing in
thestory, ost scene list with samples of dake, deveriptions
‘fleas, mops nother inti that chars encounter
‘Wh cies are useful fo giving dope and etal ta tory
ronone aloe of che efor ehac goes into a scrape when plays
loss ore, change or igore sections of

Few Storyelters want to pur the eneny oto sory that
sto creating 3 published game sourcebook. Asa Stor
‘alles, your only aalience our players, who ac aio ke the
{xtoatina pba. However unlike thove 20, laces want
‘oe up their om dilogue and deci their own actions —
Asti sore actos, actualy So, ascrpt can quickly become
2 satjacket fr the tory. I you refuse eo dewate fom the
scr cegardlessof what playersdo you become inflecbe and
he players en up fechng fate.

Rather than provide a set scene-list Jo 0 specific onde,
noteshave general sees ofevents with enough inforoation
‘on how those events tight change bad on characce ac
tient, Go notes descibe who dhe main nonglayer characters
ate, thei motivations, and wha i happening inthe story
Players can then ener the sory an inflence how i lows
hanging some scenes anal encounrering others

How defined the notes are depends on how comfortable
‘uate nth coming up with decals co the fy Many Storyell-
‘ike have cheatsheets of ames of people aad places to
thyow out atamoment snot i aplayereallywanestoknow
the name ofthatcashler atthe Kuak-E MictRendoo tublesoé
-enonaity tas, or even a deck of cot or playing ear,
rove aay to capidy come up with peconaliey rats 20d
‘motivation for random characters wh crop us

Improvisacion

No mer how deta Sayles op
layers fin wong you have sg of i
Srcx song Your panna ey of ane eating
ove improv The lito doh gully ond noah
2k hac come with tea practi, Real Bowing
fou chert nd you sober del you haves
Fol el ben et chsh pec, yu vl toe
Sthaths wok dotna oon Whensoacthing unset
Tapper chy dcesiow he Steel chrce ects
Jeli you set noth eof your Sealers,
Frese nealfrachaaceer owed sa ploe en
Ii Whar motte chen How do they had te wes
ected? Wha wold he So Wi bpperd

To seca fede gon, you ant Joi And
song retest epg Hae acces

interace with the plaer characters one-on-one in a exal
tecting to get the haog of inpeovsng dialogue and reactions.
earn pour mace al wee a a springboard for your
\eogiation.

"The bv ey to soproving a gx ae:

*# Don'epani en' he o death, ifs jut a ne. Aet a
\souplanned echaewayallalongandamace player wh out
bli to anticipate ther

Tru your icine go with your gat fling. a cene
sees oe going the wrong way, then probably. Trust
soul

* Lec players lp. Players bave to inpeovse al ce ine
teense they ually haven dea whats going to happen next.
Beings player can help develop you improv kl, and listen
fog wo players can give you das fo haw co seovise whe
appens next

Using Source CDacerial

Beinga Storyteller can be alorof work Doingthe devil
srotk beforehand can save you a Joc of headaches, bur
does aay see cht way when you jest doa'thave ine
towork outa detailed description of every elerent you mane
ta your story. Storytellers have co Balance exacting deal
sth the amount of ee they have to invest.
‘Thispointiswhere the publued source material comes
‘in handy. Others have already done much ofthe work for
you by wring game books with folly developed characters,
plots, places and evens you ean use n our mn chronicle
iw you use che aerials sil up co you, however Some
peablems with using source materials are becoming £00
ached (0 existing materi, ovewsing it and depending
‘The fist problem comes toa the fact that game
books and published stories ate like novels ct plays
th one difference: They have setting, plot, supporting
chacscters, even dialogue but, walike novels oe pay, they
Ihave no main characters in them. Players ees the main
cbarnctrs andthe author ad developer ofthe gee book
Ihave no way of knowing characters o tequtemen's of Your
<thronicle, Only sou know that, Very few game books werk
without any odifieationarfine tuning" whatsoever Some
‘ete title while bers needa loc sometiesso mvc
‘that youcan't even use the book without covzpletely re
fog thar cae, crete something of your owe, ties
snaybe inspired by the existing material, bucherter suited xo
your ehvonscle ad is players Being too ced to what the
"offical" books say can be jst as liming, if aoe are 5,
ddan baving ast serie fom which you reise vo deviate
wea using published game mate:
sou ean nto your chronicle oe
soc. Sourcebooks contain a fry of
‘eater, enough for a0 entire chronicle. Take Ine of the
Mighty a6 an example: i covers the entte le of Grest
Briain ond many of the chargelings and portant mages
ssho ive chere, at wells legends history, locals, and mee

Chapeer One: Once opon a Tine »


S

ao.

x

SS

‘eld cel feelrushed aadleave ayers gupingfor beat,
‘without giving them time ro appreciate any ofthe deta frm
the book Having too ech mesa i sor ca be woes
thas havi to lice because traces foot the payers and
odes ore way in which dhe sony ean go avy

‘A toate problem i malig the Stonelle characers
fom the poblued macrial more imporent than the player
choricters:Kexpin in that he player character aren
hasactersf your ar. Theory isabouc thers Nomatter how
‘nterting or weldeveloped the Sorelle chatacters might
tes they ate stl jus sepportng The player characters ae the
rupectars of the show. Don' let che Storytellers characters
‘how chew up unles doing so provides sition drama
focused on the players.

‘The ant dificuly Stryeles encounter in using pab-
lished material is Becoming t9 dependent on it ot being
slavshly devoted coc, They don't create anything of thelr
‘own, tbey just wat for che next supplement to come out.
Some Storytellers refseto deal with any partof thee seting
unless i's fom an "ffcial™ published product, Tey worry
chat will happen if they deere an unknown area of che
WorldofDactneis anda new book from White Wolfcontr:
dicts ther. The answer is sinpe: nothing. No Game Police
comes to your door and bens you senses. No bolts fom
hove smite you for deviating fom che Holy Weit. In fact,
‘sou might ike you version better than what gets published
you don', youcan take pats ofthe published material you
ike and ric ta with your exiting gome any proportion
you want. Once you buy any game produce (including cis
‘ned, ks yout to do with as you with. Some Storytell
Iinittheirimaginatonsby what exits inprine which le
the stores ches ell

‘The pine bene of game books isthe inspiration chey
sive: ven che most creative Sroryelers ed cime ro develop
‘hei ess and gist forthe ceadive mil and ave books ean
help. Publhed maces uh iringhoard for coming up
sch new deat tnclae, leis ali teaver at precrested
‘terial en be dropped in with litle ora alteration, IFyou
eed a noble character fo an upcoming try and don't have

Sil

So, youve run success game, chaps wene wells
your players ae sting around the table talking abr how
Beye going wo spend thet Experience Points and what
{hey song 0 do next. Take afew orment How to wet
down see ofthe deal ofthe game wile they sll es
‘your end. Jr dowe notes aboot thing chat happened
during the soy especial lose ends that might rp up tee

‘Then talk to players. Ask them if chey enjoyed them
selve Find out whacthey dle expect, what nteresced the
nd what aanoyed hen, Were there any harness the
story they would defini ike to see again? Are cece things
{hey woul! nt ike to have happen agin! The reponse ay
surprie you. Lise caeflly and take noes for fore seer
ence hey vill help great deli planning other stories in
your chronil, and going back over your notes ofthe ast fe
ventures coud wages ory waiting tobe tld.

‘The wrapupisaboagood tine toplan for thenext me
and whether you wll be plying another story n che sme
conch, ot diferent stoty or conic ltgechet. I's
beneficial wo fnd out then players aren't going tobe able
make icin adyance xo you can plan accordingly

The Troupe

Balltiog a great story depends as each on players at
oes onthe Storyteller and on ow wellhey all worksogehet,
A gaming group similar oa toupe of actors who create &
performance. Tae Storyteller slike he decor orconduezor,
stl player are actors o usin The primary diflerence
fs tha che troupe aot flowing st script oe score but
Improving move ofthe sory at fe happens. This method
rents some unique challenge.

Player Types

There are many different types of players, as each player
Scot metmueniecr wet oie see
Npetormeenbpunegtctan papas de
hc fohe ha inert gn pps
fore ern reepetom reremngrl
{GrYanem int ene age


* Combat Monsterst They want 19 bck as and ake

‘ne, Cake Fighters, Cmbue Monsters dot care mach
tealasohe worvor developing

fx: fg, Mans thing Hi

i my eal ben game, Tk

ete
Combat Monnet can be rouble, especialy if hey star

shatter actions Perhaps acharacet hs gone on a mate
‘Smaee and beenlced under gen cela fom violence
sn elp people in need. Leal, the player sbouk! change his
Iehavir of is nn fre will fer sel the darage e has
donc, but Combat Monsters are unwiling to change thes

spe,

they beconne problem players
‘+ Pightre The Feo' greatest joy the thal of bate
Forber the best puto the game a goed fight, Hee caracer
tendstoexcelin combat and ee aly mati naar The
Seorteler shuld provide ome fights i the story to keep
Fihtershapy. here ate nocorbarsor, wore yee, thie

the Fighter cannot mp nt, the player aot happy. Unlike
the Combe Monsters Fihtces choose hee fights cael
and aren't necesaly booty, they fat enjor
Teageof com I isposible co refers Combat Mon
«Pigbtee with ome time and patience,

* Hero The Hero want todo coo thing tf them,
and go t0 eal plies, sale, ge cool su and (B
severally have bunches of fn. Gomi isan escape tana fo
the Heroand it dees ee coepicated than that.
Heroes ke plenty faction along with may cool thing odo
fad se. They ae rtherimpolave and leap bore they
bat chey ate wally wise enough to proead wth caution,
slong a they get 0 proceed. About the rt thing you
Soto t ferns tokeep coal dings tm bappening co them,
Ihave conl chines happening to everyone fu thea.

" Munchkins The Manchin ene ele fe for Ole
182 Gomerhae derogatory) er for players who like co have
the most poweeil, cape atellget,Beotifl.well the
roost ereryngcharactr in he gene. They sully ow how
towetherulestotheeadontageto makelthappen. Munchkies
spend Rous lovingly designing their charters: hey dnt
‘peed any of ton the deta ofa chances backgroud nd

peronality however Manchkspt their eflorinto the mach
To gure how co ge the aaoice mainun ficiency out of

(Chapeex One: Once upon a Tine a

‘heiecharcte! various Trai. Munchkins want to play har
aces who ae qua-epl inthe game sytem o who corobine
‘he "eso al posible world" ineo one charter.

‘Tiere nothing necenarly wong with a player who
wanes her character tobe the best at seething eshances a
‘hronicl, and the Storyteller ean work with and play #0 4
plyer'dsir for excellence [when player dese tobe the
bbscatexerhrg especially at the expense ofetherchacten,
Wiwbenie becomes problem.

+ Roleplayer: He likes the acting pects of the pane
Rolepayers erste complex, deal characters and Hike to
lay them ndierenesitutins to tet a characte' sponses
td to give chen dramatic range. Some Roleplayers like ng
‘dys others ike comedy, bo al of thea desire an opportunity
to have thes character emote snd express, Roleplay ike
soci sets mare than combot and action scene, bt she
Roleplyes wil tum any scene toa oeplaying oppo.
‘Those who do not get enough opportunities oeplay thei
cturacters, usualy i social setngs, become bored ad fot
teaed and come up wh ome surpeting(orannosing) #3400
‘expres helt character.

" Rales Lawyers: These lasesshave read every Change-
Lingtookfroencovertocover and know exactly nbich page the
‘ues for the Dolorous Blow are on, log wih every osher rule
les not necesry co look them wp since Rules Lawyers have
lead commited eherulesto memory. They ao know allche
complex histories of the noble howes a the secs of che
various ich, and they sez to believe chat ther characters
‘ould, co. Rules Lamjes feel compel to pot out when
themlesarenot being followed (especially when othe charac:
tera concered.

Roles Lawyers are not necesily bud: thelr knowledge
‘an be quite helpfl, but the eos mportne thing Rules
[Lawyers need to learn i entrint. M they can keep thes
selves from contradicting or arguing with the Storyteller
andlearnco separate theirentesive kowledge ofthe rane
{oma what thet characets should know, Rules Lawyers can
beexcellent players.

* Sigificant Other: Roleplaying sa weal atc, soit
6 no supase when gembert f che fore toupe end op
rosaotily involved: A Significant Oxhet (SO) wally
another pe of player aswell fen a Tagalog (sce Uting)
A thelr sgifome other rough ther into che game. The
sedonal concer cestedby an SO. sthe of favorito,
copecaly the S10" romantic ders happens to be the
Storyteller. So long 2s everyone involved ca kep the rel
tlonhipe between their character i te pane eps from
thes telatinss in che real woe thece's no problem.

' Topaaloog: The Tag along i playing because omeone
ie arte thee ta. fc eighe be a signicant othe, fay
rember, ot Rena The Tog-lorgs stent gener, theyre fuse
trying things ove to see what they lke, o playing bene
thoe' what everyone ele ey kon doing lsil ost Tag
longs is another ype of player looking to get out. The
‘Storyteller shuld enzourage dhe Talon 0 patypte ia

2 ‘Changetng Scomectons Golde

SES
‘he ome giving theme opporeniy toenjoythemselvesind
finds own ree Mang T-loop ace alo Walowes
{ie liting) who ned encourgeret to get them solved

+ Thiaher Thies view the anew an elect
challenge The le pore ele nd tae ow. They
jy ving 0 sty one sep ahead ofthe Store sed
urerungtieopponentnithsonecevernormaecue
"Thinkers can be pat becuse there alors panning td
<oningup wth interetng defor duncte ide
heen: howewe br they can abo be a chalenge fx
Stores whahave okeptackot he cherchorscteryl
{Gesamte chats staintbeplotendkep pth he
Thinkers mencalacrobates Takes getboced uch when
ets nothing ost thet nel. oot Stolen
tho want eo Keep them appr ie them plenty of mental
rc.

+ Wallflower Wall

done desire to get involved
4 game activity and pefer tot onthe sidelines, A Wall
flomerisshy, indecisive or sboned with che game, Many are
ao Togalogs or Sigicane Ochers and aot really ex
thse about planing in he gate. The Storyteller should ty
‘odtaw out Wallflowers. all elias, take the player side
snd find out why the game st holding the Waller'
foverest ot attention.

New Players

Serinseschaihinll ws aati
Pie leery rine t
Nistor ieincamreenpurcic oceans
ee
pepper io one
oc

{poo RS ens ace
"rehliaf soaltnrSoreicterenansete
Pe pepp trary enpinp erp
Sees ares De me a ce
pelhohrenlidtuotenertereiera
frre br eetrenerespoapried
SES ascicmai ene eae
Fr precept reg at
Tiron eenitie cae ae
pa sph inpaterp le tempor
aie

ak enh ib wdiSytn atin
Pero eiirearety pdt
members have gamed with the new player before, there's less
Bayo ws pete ey kant Ge pure oa et
Pesdifdel erbir deere fon
ecaakeicaeroes |
have some kind of "testing of the waters" sith the new player |
SSrne een ae
Saeieacanee nce

Rumbude ance
Pee ek wl ec dla at
Mehnawernmenresr etree


‘The Dancer From che Dance

Rolepasingenggesthe imagination. andeany rlplyers
seeveryiavlved sath thestons and character chey erate fe
Slaportane however, tobe abl tote sep back not st
socaghe up inthe tory that you contre has hap

pene with ay. Donor conf the game elation
{our redones Enodis can high in
Insportanenoteofege tis agmethat mean clbe fan nd
cencertinice

Advensarial Scoxyecting
One way many Storytellers get too caught up in the story
b sien doy at bo tacordip bens oe sl fa

and it gives you some contol over wha be does in your
chronicle, You conalways offer nugpstion ike, Pan sery, but
1 dont chink Sir Rel would do thay, how abou some-
thingie Payerschengerscauaited wih eachother styles
deal dhe new player eto tink abou» character who can
{ato the aouge, things don't workout, the chroaele conti
‘stsunineeropeedansbothpariescanseyunte escopases,
‘Be new player stars worklagon anew characte

(Give the newbie some exua feeble points to build a
chacscer, epecaly the other harctert ae experienced

choracters are and how uch you want eoalance things cu
Dani ve anew player ore points than any of de extn
charcters, of the cument troupe player wil fel chested,
[ving al o week to en dei experience

‘Once the new pligee han worked outa character, the

teat they da Soch Storytellers prove heron cleverness
"lefeatngplaes with ticks tapsand power adver
‘They abo quickly id themselves wihout any player.

The Storyellet not he player avery. Yournsy ke
‘ontherae ofan adveray oft chnacten ithe conwexcofthe

‘Storele ean un pride, which an excellent chance to
Involve dhenew character and to provide connections withthe
‘ther character. If 50 dsted. you can run tore than one
ele with che new player to elp bn catch up" wich the
‘thers Youcan also bring inexperienced players and invalve
them in the new characters prelude to create connections
‘between chem Peshapracunrent eaacreriasa mentor tothe
‘ew character a one pot ote

a new character who bas ome histoy with ope ofthe ether
curate appear itssomenbat sea movie Mahbock eene

eae NSS Geecwhelming oppesition at payers nt lever — is boring

A i will ulciocay be che death of your cheoncle, As

Chapeer One: Once ypon « Tine

hy Oe

SPS aie



end pt cout oftheir systems I'you have ce go back.
yout eiow plo and ery again or putt ase for a beter
‘ioe Is belps wha you have a fee for players and theit
Je you alk incon gasieand it loks ike ily eight,

ara change of pace to ifthe
3 Iead to everyone aking

Toogetting the whole point

Have pooka or ewo enlist cha
jormeone of get characers in
Tehel ina "wor of pranks" with a group of oka. (any of
Paabicnt ofthe Worldof Darkness understand humor

efi, (is che Kitano cake advantage of

Have Fun

"The material a thisbook canbe abo loco keep
foal at once. Yer, hemos nportant ching oreremer
Inthe Golden Rule of Storyeling: Have les of fun, and
ol things a for as posible fo everyone ee. As ong as

Ta Waa Ow

you keep this

‘atk It soothing Sn che gare in

troupe, change it If something is i its not

"edt oe-peopercoleplaying hecever the bell sa),

vraching i

storytelling igs may fr not playing che game "ight"
On asieilr nue ihe gan is

awhile. Even ifyur players ane

dread running seother session and

{duty at oee ofa chore chan hobby

Everyone ncedsalietlevacaton andeven hel

set sale when run constantly


¥\ Ongoing Chronicles

"Tose! Neatng es, Adan. Moding eer ends."

Alan Moore, Watceen

Aico few ace, layers begin telling you thei charac
‘co kong tem plane You're weaving dfleent plot threads
tad oot of your games and creating new plots for ther.
Congratulations, you've gc a fall leged chuonile en your
acd —aow. dont pani. Thisisa god thing Once youhave
Acoupleof advencutes under your proverbialtelt and fouhave
Pagers wulyavolved and interested, sie co conser other
‘Bungsaboue storytelling chat ake yout chronil even beter.

The Never-Ending Scory

In isenot befor, achtoice nothing nore than a
‘ere of teres nk io some way, silly by eexmeon char
sete and heres Itean be very complex and subd, youlet
It Faia toy ikea TV show ce magi eal then
heal he whole sei. It ean be bose connected, ike
‘ome ofthe Soradoy rooming serials oF tightly woven (o>
‘tere aon ee

Now, you'te realy wo explore farther ico the Dearing
and the World of Durknes. You nd the players ate fat
with the bales acd feel moc at ete with the game, Youknow
Tua che playercharactes and the esof your diverse ea, and
plaversate developing plocehresofthel-own. You might not
Herende forage, wold-spacning epic yet, bu you ate ready
to add ome abtinal spe

Player npuc

Tet cat da ct
prot ati lea ey rey
_desenbe the action, but sis playery' decisions and actions that
Sesiech ey nega np tol cag
Ber eaear ol aiesteas Goon a
mock

cle ve sis ds es tia,
dion ed ae tors
faimepeaervlehoorstarre lt aialinnt
ee peated arhdpenes eon
Lapses opel teal ood alia
Ses prsw ee er dole veo
pote meer

etd ss ease Tei cnpe
oe ccmuntey mace eee
pipet pel apt geal ary
MS oSreecec vesoadirone anager
(abe a nak Sees el ae rec
Soe Uke yer efemecel deca ue dope
be mapas gee ore
Aecloneaey oSafores

Tuco cro ede 5 Sic het

% Changeling Seomyceens Guide

cael crating a complee sting snd 9 conpex plo at
Iavetolnctadacetherande clement of playrsto you Reet
story and give them the power to rosy wreck it. Howes
ssrodlerencfom the unspoken ggeeneot hat placa bine
smth you hey tke ther developed characte with deal
achgrouas and goal, and place chee into the evita
soubave created — where youbave the power obi hem
‘venerase thes romexstence, The kk toachieve ena
‘must betmeenyouand ples thar you ae confident woet
desoy your soe, a that they know You wort hl the
chaceters rnd
"Thingsinthe game wifchange, however. Noglotsuviee
contact ith he player characterswchanged Noten ow
tell you kaos your players, chee' no way to know fe sre
‘nhat ehey wil doce what il Rappen daring the game.
player comes up with something unexpected that cus yout
plotupside down, youhaveto gowith the Now and morph yout
online to fir i I' you planned a <hiactictheone- rom
‘confioeaion with an Unaesie asain, fr exaeple and 8
‘everplayerfiguerout who the asain slong belo the al
configtarion don't configu cicuances 9 the asain
‘capes to conffant characters inthe throne rou. Rewaed
players fo thee ageity and ether dop the tone:
‘ene or decide the asin adan accomplice vo te 0
verge bis death or eaptare —o something otha ele,
Bychanging the sory playersdon'everneedto know You
didn' plan ith wy all along Eves: hough you know $0
planned fora certain seene or pot hve aa the payers ust
ec you make ahantenes othe ory sacothy an
‘gekly,the plajer sail never see eak—ic wile tke
concinvous whole. A mat of» great Storytellers tha they
‘make everything lak a they planed tha wa fom the
Allowing player actions to niuence the game can pte
sens interesting plot developments not even though be
fore. Let's say you incloe a treasure, @ magical sword for
‘spl, n aso withthe dea of the wll layer character,
‘who isa pouedal warior.pcking it up Yet the slag layer
character, whos mo combat proficiency, ids an heep the
‘vont Yourplotauddenlytokabaphasndeats What wilthe
‘ag do with the nord What if wexacone cones Lokiny fn
{at What the sword isan neligen chimera that the shia
«otk to! Whats theresa west edt the soe some
svar? Petbape fe lds some vlunble secre the sup can
uncover, bts nay anger the ll character. A sever of new
posable presets ivelfbecuse ofthe actions fone payee.
‘When the Sertllerdoesnox keep ht conta over the
tex, but les player atfece the story alvays gro and
‘anges in ways hat oabody expected. That's hal ef

Everyone's a Cricic

Player tayo a chronicle comes from: Feeback abot
what they ike and dei about dhe gate and hey Rot
some payers. this input comes inthe fee of open, cleat
comanualeaticn and constructive critic, while others eay

EL»

and you ae aided by
Spits chronicle


NA
i
iS

‘Dacure Themes

The World of Darkness has the potenti or dealing with
seece theres comieed "able ot tensive ame papers,
‘egecaly young players One of our esponsblities as tory.
teller is finding out what themes players are comsorabie with
sed not pking theo 00 far soto stations tha they Gnd
fensive or econo

Focexanpl, theres of ost chided innocence can lead
‘oeorcs about abuse cide wut at che hands foes aed
‘venom ober cies. lesa ver sense subject formans
a shoutdnot be teetedightly allplayenore wing, ex
foem the bass for a poset and nceing tory but nota
Payethasstong personal tues with it Likewse, the here of
ett ve aad the horay nocute of many foe (especialy
‘aty0) bee ep gestions of sex. Fad ut hae the pe
franc to handle sexual situations i the context o the soy.
‘Ave they ature enough to arlle ex uses? Will eealn
topics make people uncomfortable?

Hissomethingapljer woul tbe wilkagtosees movie
shout, e's probably noe af top fo eae py. But, the
‘aoupe fine wth dat particule mate deme, igh ald
‘ep ad drwsawo he eon Use yur bet pen

Using che Senses

tour Conan Dope,

‘Ay Style, you ate the senses ofthe player is your
tabeobielp eve the mood the scene, Goo deeipcon het
pels to multiple senses helps you paint the picture and
beings henge nt he game word wt you, Dos describe
hogs in ers nobody ses (ke heads or precise esse

pam cetallchat ean eng the setting to
warehouse an the docks").

‘AySharlock Helis rernnd us any people se but few
nerve. Most people ze strony sa bat they ut do ttll,
layers what their charactes sc, of what sounds they heat,
Fon things fc othe toch, how they sel how they taste
{like the lat, metalic este ofbod in your mouhafter ong
2 punch) nsend fut "a eaehouse om the dock," ake t
"anold, crumbling warehouse of muddy tedbick" Anda on:
The wind we cold and tee stony ofthe dak sea. The
swarchoute's dt igs fleker trough hoes where windows
ied toe Seagulls szeaen overhead asthe ogo Lets out 2
outing tne the misc"

When descnbing people go beyond the sical appa
nce Inclidedeesch the sound of thee voice, de sell,
SF thelr periee ct ote obec ike 4 socker mechanic
‘secelling stone of exhaust and gene). Also, conser thee
‘manners: Oo thes avd eye convact? What thei posture
like! Do they have an accent? Whar abou thet express
theieskin ough ot smooth? Do they perspire set dalor ty
ry inthe wont heat Giving character afew tis ike dese
‘can make chew: sad ove to payers, th making ther mote
‘actor Rest the utgecorertad»chracter with tng
Lees Several well-chosen ones ual do the tick

E Changing Scomectens Guide

SIOSSI OSI OSS

oer eae pecripeprseecpee:
fee eee ecient
uplifting tingle of Glamour in the ait, like a change of state

Special Trears

Even sco vleplayer ch well Seveopd character
and an xeeing, complex cone eed coke + bes,
‘hc treet mont ovred Storell. Bre nce na
‘il, beak op the outine wth peal ores tat bes
{rover mol! and peovie e widlsur, Chang
‘Npehips the eniat Story game sn whch ods
‘stony forthe Dea a plac ofcrion publ
(9rd Ghour come fon one ch pay

‘god sue ofthese pci event te changshng
ela cordon age 81-83 of Changing: The Dreaming.
ite Curva and Sushaln when the morn boule


oybe on Caio you wat to have a tcy where
2d everyone tans troy ih the arcs

[ety bem linger ntlesfra day. Ys they te

ela the Kingdom whchleastoallkndr af wacky
and pole. Maye you want to oll a
faryontlaloween fr players hich ca um oa
vet toed acund th changing char

Pie serpents acu Yolen hy cle
Congeine tine prensa nereting Bt could

Tharaepeyofliceexrtouche che Semler

st pee ein lp nake moe entero,
‘rnin neo el (can of the es buy ard
cporerihc iethema welch. Atte ty them

The Toxvox
| Anelementchtcan a33movatainsco pave experience
die ue wld peop use, Even hough you might be ale
+ toerenls dese a pariula map oer, ch beter
yon wally han it to them ook ae. The same ee of
ec lanofprops ane and-o. Here ae af
* Mops and Floor Plans: Mags can offer an excellene
‘xl erie ofa place and inspire aoc of kes. both when
slong story and while playing in one- A good atl ofthe
"thee yout chronicle takes place ia worthwhile invest
ten, rare mins, books on houses and dierent type of
Fulings — especialy cases and paces fae ate Wkly to
ccunfr inthe Dreening. Some of the data and paces of
thao these mapscan stile other dew for your ge.
Fc eximple, are there any pies ofthe map hove nares
egg af osence Pegs they could be fermer orcutent
cols, ox places where che Kian dele in ages pst
‘ie done forget the enertanoent value ofa bard-d
trate map that charcte can follow wo see f°X packs the
sy
‘= Puzles and Tricks: Changeling: ae wcktes and
wale mans, 0 collect good icles, pues and wiles to
Uta Icharcters get challenged to ari game have a
fexonband othew. iyoufndacoalpusleboxocothersech
toy think abou ecorprnting into agacewthacetainclae
teense biden inside it Secret oesages writen on gin
Fetchene, code, cryptic its fle another uch sean are
‘he sta of rystery a Changeling chronicle.

' Lecter and Documents Likewise, you can prepare
costepondence to che layer characters asprop that chey <a
ead and recead during the poe, 5 well as keep in thee
enol journal ce erasure bax ice ling). Use parchment
Fane or colored constuction poper chat suits the feel youre
Bing for. Although we all can garage to copy a childs
‘Srl with a crayon ea ble more dict eo sulte che
fine, owing script ofa idhe noble, Foeuraely, desktop
publishing provides opportunites oceae great pops Ifyou
Rave computer idhacrpestletoat and apeiaer, oun

re

‘Add an exsa toch by wing sealing wax (ovate a: pope,
stationery ore) and pieces of bright ibbo to seal eter and
<eliver the to players during the game, Acgue or eae
‘nique sels fore portant Stole characters Is worth
1 imagine ple recon when they se and recone the
seal of High King David ona letter you've as handed them

* etuest Mos people ce wala pctre wort
smote thn a thewsind words Stat a collection of inecesing
petues, phorogaphs and bstetons thac you Can use a
fron. Hf you see» pcre that looks ut bike your nage of
ertanglace, objector characte, clip itovtandubow it during
‘he game to spack imaginations. For those with access othe
Intemet, the World Wide Web a limitless source of
"downloadable itunes that you can ave to your bardtve,
then fate ono diferent pane prop. OM fly osc, whe
they should be eeaed with care, ace excellent prop rom a
‘bygane er. Magasnes an newspapers have copious plcates
and prop for your chronicle, expecially me ofthe alanis
‘ones founda wupemarkee abo maine handing plaens 8
‘loci the oro ofa Weekly World News atte abouts woman
Iedoupped by alles; pethap she as relly enchanted ond
sivena good sere bya group of Cnseeliepoks as par ofan
borate joke,

‘Addsoallys if you (ora plyer) happen 19 have ome
arustc ene, conser denn pictures ofthe player charac
ters, pops, and other tunutse. SochWastraions can edly
help to bring something toe in player ints.

‘Treasures: Consider all che lite knickkncks you
ome actos in Your day-to-day existence ad how one ot
more ofthem could play the role ofacresure Maybe you see
‘apiece ofcontume jewelry ool clohinginanaatiguesbop
‘or chift store, or you cleanout your atic or basement and
find toy, Books and other "uearaces" Pass these on to
players when chey find somethingintheiradventuresItcan
be dann effective to ell player "you lad this" and hand
‘her an actual object rather ean just describing Let the
player bold che teasure, look ie over aad play with she
bil dea hee own conclusions.

Be cateful when using treasures ina game that have
scral value cou of someone elie fa the eal woe
‘Accidents happen and cos ge broken srmetione, 50
best not tous a valuable or precious token asa propunles
you're prepared to os it

* Quotes: Payers (and Stollen) do come up with
choice Bits of dalbgue on the spur of dhe moment. Take 3
{econd to jot down some ofthe beter quotes that ze sd
<icing the rere and save then fr fate reference. A good
(goce might Become farous (or infunous) to Youd, come
‘ack to haunt the player ar some later pot. Quotes can led
consistency to certain characes (they se the same phrase,
for example), and mentioning sme ofthe choice quotes fren
the lsc ame atthe begining ofthe nexc one lp ec the
snood to ge player ino the spn of ings


Nay
My
MA
S
NA
eZ
ha)

«= Diaie and Treasure Boxer: Encourge pier tokecp
sen) eae props ther oan caste to eehance the sane
Hee ae two god expe

‘A acy ox furs a recon! hep by a charac, ec 9
cteracter eco hs deepest ought and feelings Wel 2
tote oural, even po one ee eve east ses ver
Sa hurcngpin eal sight nt bis ce' tue and has
te iss oe bat play dt hacer Of couse, dhe reli
ie emakng the dary an acta iter in the croc tha ther
chorcte (gist aad Storyteller apd weal themselves
haps a ey un as ten old ofa diy and is using the
secret nieaguna achancter, orb character asec
{biden enfin er dary ant the oly eee tat
‘Cam save eral cased lover cfs random rene. Dees she
[peice the dary to ave ee oe, exposing het secret? What
beclover's ene know about the day too?

‘Ahr can alo be kind of n-barstes Nachos where
‘depletes domnatonesand momentoabouther chars,
Seomacharcter spf ven wih he Stolle appeal. Ie
<nileh outa chancter ran as fon rating fx eveyone

"Tronurebone ore collecticesof vations tree eens
nt momentos that changeling seta to acamulte: pope ao
trenure banded ou by te Sorelle dig the pve along
seh ther thugs doen by he player to ove is chaste ie
AN tree box can hold phoegrapb, ener, laldaacks,
sceledanal eon peson CDs, dings maps storybook,
colleeonsofcolorlsteigor tuber oe. ogni sculytes—
erlyanthagachircter would ave sdkepCaeative players
sth herigherevources can eveneteate portent Ake newsppee
sn ompeineclippngsandothe pops ad ote characters
tree bon the Bx ces em a character beep cn his
ero, dhe player can we chem turks ding the ame or
op oe ie eleplapng.

+ Episode Guides: Keeping econds f gas and sre is
rgd Stoller andltcanalibe enjoned Crest ashet
sary ofeach pase with lye Bel give ca fn de and
eeptinabinder reve tolookever Keepogach cond
sles tohangng por tveadand types aventmes, sach
fv nben a cline fie tooegh the ep pu ad pn",
eotober thc story saving dhe Stock Court? We sould
sec the pu an

"The Playroom
"Along mth raking thins ol bing the oy oli,
<bo' onthe ew pe ting Ces te mich
ture fan ween eeyone worded the wep fhe
Sng he "pao crcl
otungevervne cared abet the me, Agu lence
foe teu o simon any Changing tok conve che
fSrrtebandlt ofthe neuter acento can
hoo any muss tbr cok tea doa eer
pochce pegamble CO-game note cr
trkaeup el fr Eten ewe sed sd ths

36 Changeling Seonyetiens Guide

BSW RS ORR ORONO ROI RRS ORO TRO

Maric can be dstecting if
sated otal Experinenc wth your group, bt ifthe use of ra
doesn't enhance play, dot weit

fe to babnce aenosphere wit

ep the lighting sficiene 1 8
te cause eyetain. Using coloed bulbs or npshates create
‘mood-ightig. and canes (used tn conjunction with lect
allghtng) conte aomovpherc aswell: our gaernakesuse
of cles ules or lo of ive-cton, exprinent ith mone
ote ligheing. bu alway Kep ey tid

* Propo: Asmentionel befor, pros enbance ape by
sping pagers heb dine to ace and han ae theca
fetes ight. Take ea care with ay props that ae poeen
tally dangerous (especially weapon). Players cin agate
opt theicharsters whic dey canbecp dhe rete
bones,

* Spaces Take the time to make se the scting for the
‘oxne 1s condorable aid Lane enough for everove. Some
tmaupes sit around aable, wine cer like tobe peas ob
siting on the lor ot on mitre. In ether ee, ake sae
thoctheteispleneyofroorforeveryonetstcomkreaby that
theres spc for books, chanctersheesandplacesto lice
svneeded Hyouatemectinginapubhcor seme pble pace,
‘ce thatyout jane won't stub anpone. Be respect fet
people's rope

= Food Like gaming. catingisa soil activity, nd gamers
love o combine the eo. Have evervne chip-in to buy sone
suitable nunchables and deinks forthe ene game yu ot
some of players ook, whip up something beforehand. Try to
sick wo "nget fod." for they ae easy to serve a eat wile
sn che it of telling demmatie try Food thats too messy
‘orcomplicated ean decact fa the gene

‘Conversely, youcanusefoodas arate game with ioe
anning Perhapcharactesoe inked toa feast youwant
tomakes lve oleplay ot ofthe event, serve areal dinner
esd hae players play shes character dating the eal!

Bhoe-Booking

Blucthooking sa gue technique fist intoduced by
‘Aaron Alton ia his Ste Force supplement fe Chapt
fans Ie appeared in vaio ors before Alsons public.
tion, but he isthe game-author who gave bhie-booking i
ame, Dating game-play, It common fr payers and
Storyeletsto exchange paranon notes" that conti
ret nformation known ony to ths player and the Str
tele, Blue-booking takes the concep of aote-asingft-
ter hy retin mens fr layers to sage secret"
camer" tenes, conventions and game-play wih other
ayer and Storyteller characters

Back player has notebook or joural (An's rg
tal players used Hoe college exam bok wher the nameof
‘he technique comes fam Instead of pasing nots, the
lier wneseateral down Sheree hock nd pases i
the Stonteller ot another player fot a response. Whole

pesca


Feveracons cake place inthis fashion, which only the
aig ae pny 1.

Blo bsking provides a number of benef acing px
‘ey, denis and perobisy. Payer who axe wncomstale
lingo cetain crm orotic ene na gene nay noe
fected in writing down, Anal he waceeain the
Shetek reais prvae beeen the player and che other
dante eel ich allem acevelopent aye
igh Datcenain crt ey chose orev them Ble
Ibokag we neicen cecal ofcharsterseeactonsande|
the oeyone 4 voy 10 recall cena cones and pt
‘bral, Once a Beto i up, the lie ams anc a
era th old ve bok away telrence

‘Ceaveney, Hoe booking ine cosumingeneery adie
‘beereme payers Litt the amount dooe Sang pane py.ce
‘henry setches co ak whe yousal wthone players Soe-
Isc Allo tne athe begining o en ofa gare sein for
Tbe ae any atplc andar eral ada wath top
sovete me reson for Hh hooking. but ely al ayes
fe focceary, ake sbhe hooking beak nthe maf e
fy it doen lave players daneing-

Blo hockingefecuvey combines mthebe dea ofachonse-
ser jel an celine gue. In ft a colle ge rebles
sthingoorethan nextended langarge Hoe toskingsesion,

‘Solo and Pair-Games
‘Ashe net tomy conchae eo at
tle leprerenel pope exrlaleceres deta
‘Reale ony camer ro ayencen cus ecg
Soy enheown, Sale gp perineal tents
acount hanced hn fn xs tpt er
thane over cts on ehch> on he tight

Linge pospscanabo uke sbansgeefwle-rdlpaezames (6
to pone addsonal dep. In adicn to "aie" evens of

Hirhiaks Sentelen cannula peste phen together
cdorncteasem tlepenencexpenence ney recherche
sroup—then engtinto dhe mn sete Sach lope oe
efecto slay even like ques, prvonal tots and he
lke rab a opportuni to beng comedng to there cthe
cope whut having tobe ja "cuties" fr dhe Say
wal,

Pats oe anal goups an even gec opt on het own 0
play ou certain scenes between cel chars This chance
‘eal feechoracten who wth to embark eran a ofthe heat
‘ichout bong all heoher play with he details who wane
to trodes raw paper ino the soup by pling hm wi an

cagerienced payer oa pce eso backpoand cy. Sach (Py

ledependent lel and sides give depdh to character aod

their elation


KA Clecenonic Glamour: Online Games

4

roleplaying ahe eapidgrowib of the Ieeeroe is anocher

Ya)
MA

te

‘he bass or an online game

Plaees ca we e-mail to kep in touch with the Story
teller and each other; al ra srt of "electonic blue
ook" with ebich to pas nates tothe Storstelle berween
games and torun solo-games, An wabious Storyteller can
Ereate a webpage for the chionicle chat has formation
Players can acces for these chatacters background on the
luonicle, ew, rors ands forh. The webpage can also
Contain ansouncements of changes in the game schedule,
vertsements for new players and even licks to other
Changeling sad Stoeytelier resources on che Internet.

‘Online sores ake two frs
frames and live "chat" games. Be
‘hmavontages, slong with ome unique diflerences

Ploy by e-ma games resemble extended blue book
sesion vi ena, PBEM focur ore on wcrtellng and
interaction than on combat 1¢ 1 easier co handle the
Troader activities of the story than 9 mierormanige &
combat scene overe-mailSeoryteller cunning PBEM:
finda wifi on fn-esoluton combat sem and "lite
rules useful for bundling game events fas described else-
wher inthis ide), The atvaneageof PBEM are ilar
Tiarhooks: sine to chink abou esposes, gree freedom
to ealeply and plan dialogue, permanent records ofthe
sory (batting hindsdive crshes, and» more wtny-on-
‘ented seep. However, PBEM panes move sly ad ate a
lot of work. They alto ck the kind of energy that live
Inneeation provides

Chat games fll somewhere berween PBEM and live
sgnmes, They eke place online in cha rooms or on IRC
Uocerne relay chet) in eeal-time, The plays type in their
factions and dalogve and the Stontlle type in what
Ihappens Some chat rors (like these on America Orie,
For exarple} even provide eleettoni die-olls although
few of thew anal che dice mectanics of the Storyteller
sgatem. Chats prove some reab-uine interaction but are
Sell very slow compared te fce-to-fice gaming. They ean
tho Become suite chagce dL everjone ties typing and
fending information at cace. The Storyteller needs 9 st
fom kind of potocl. Chat can ao be difist todo oe
longperiodsit's tough co get agroupof pavers together who
ee seated actos the country or wort, around the globe)
ina chet oom once a wee. And few want e type for hour
atime especially they work ata keyboard daring che
by.

‘Yet with woice- and video-confrencing capabilities
Inceeasing every day, to say noching of che potential of
virtual realy the oterne will remain a growing resource
foe gamers

Rules and Regs

"Tabor out Did nt Di a"™
—seeoeoony heed anguren over Cops and Roos
The Stortller stem conser the rules sles ion

tane shan the poatesea he story. Maule nt working ori

fan, the the nee of the story mt take peccedence. Newt

Jeecherules tet youtiagation Theruesol Changeling

‘are nean tobe alse er our imagination toelinb on a

ancage hold 0.
ales tenor your enemies, s ong as yom ka how 8

andle ther. Thete purpose ito help provide a come

ocular" fr you and players to clay describe evens
the soy and ta decide what the eas ate, :
you ate ne: to Changeling (or even fou are a eng
sine Strytellet real evaugh the rls an conader carey
sehichonesyoulikeor donk Noterlesyou think are poi

tobe aproble, and dices thea with player in advance. I

they agree, conser changing the roles 2 beter sit you

‘toupe's vision afhow the gumeshould work Asbngaryotel,

ther changes tothe resin advance, chete shoul! he m9

problem,

(ver cme, ever troupe develop eto howe rales —
rae changes ara inerreatons une to dhe way te ope
Flay che game Some wate hem down ad mke theo ava
le to everyone i the woupe, ethers have unspoken agree
‘ments amongall he mente abourhow tokandlea parteuae

‘They smooth our the oughedees othe ulssjstem hac righe
hinder she toupe's tore

Nataly, nol house ules apy esa oll gours
What ork for one supe might tae wok orate, be
there' snothing wrong wth chat Groups
language of the Stoetellee system eo fll Lack on, ad they
learn toce about each other's unique "alects" 2 they
‘When anew player joins grou, she might have lad wich
another troupe wich diferent House rls ths cae, ke

° He eo avo acy

‘munderstanding. Be iin plying ther: everyone. be
new player has a geoblem wt fout ele, expla why the
teoupe sts things wp as tey are. Aso Ist co het fedbock
You rver kom, you might dicover thatthe neni' rule
voi beter!

Combac

Asicuation so which
‘s combor — mainly because
oer nromething ofa gate in an of sel sth exten
sive les and pte: fc every aspect

to tree combat s8 up € You and

caller syceta suppoets simple cma systems and the
och mote detailed, complex system like thone presented
in Worl of Darkness: Combat

es come ito play the most


aj expect om the combar sytem and dont abel change
the rule on them

* Chimeric Comba: Changeling ako have the unlgue

You may wish to we diferent mandank eo jlge chime
combat than you woul! ppc cmbet. Chimera tales

ton shoud be sweeping beef unts and daring Phat
 contceante tach note tland realise, nlesea changing

the chimencl eo the el
sherweenchinericalandphyseal
combat you ke chimerealthe farmer swaabucingarfn,


most player, Banal
espa away the
game stems Stcribing bow a changeling
Bonalicy. but ultinaeely, che deseripeion and handling

the dangers

iii.
Ty
Winn
‘WN 5
NuHTON Consequences

Amen ie, Btn en ra ie
Willa Wallace, Bactean


tbe death, Dien
oe Peps it ia

cnccrmaitdibe

tet ulawte sce A.
ple

cy atethings you ate
ls

character


‘Winning True Lover A corica goal fo Kian
which fanatic quests nd dent are deca nese 0 win
‘hehe of another The character sevoted chs een an
wud anything winbisaffections Sach emancesre cen
Aebben or tey str cscs the charter st overcome

‘Chace goals by thet wery rane er 0 brng the
‘enileoaned och shiny loncly intl ore
fe Arca. Aching an untatable goal means damaie
‘Sangeet crore Such glaze often beer mace tos
Fee chile, which he charceexhieves them ccherwse
the glner mu undeneind tht her caret nay ner tat
the dete goal — which sf, Some untaiable pals
teste

‘+ Returning to Areal: Many Kain vee to nal soe
mvane tort othe be realmel Acad. A quest fied the
traleckto Atalicaneaty mae upanentucepaeceveice,
sithchanglinptvelinghe worKowekbsceeandceases
‘hae conld pot the way, ang fe lesons as dey go. The
‘quoter may dower Arena not the haven they pe
stool, tht du moral lies have changed her tobe
Tenge ied eo et Enna Sucner Or paps the woope
‘aul sara pew chvonicle haben hen he ccs te
nied om Arcadia er sore reason dey cnc cal ed
honour eo fd de wold hey ke sang gone

* Slchsi: Some changing rater tha seking kt
Areal, ech to blac thet oe an tort mies ed
tchiew the an peace mad to ceae te egeray Soci.
‘TheSiocsinoretalpummortal ike efor ofa andhave reat
ret and wide a thelr command. Tey ae sho mtr,
{fiw know anything a al abet her Same even dou thet
‘steee- A character oup charset hoping to become
‘Sehr ina frat eureye-dcovery they work
to tegen and talance hee wo ing has

Crossovers

‘Changeling players and Storycless may want t wie
some mater fom other White Wel Wald of Darkness
ames in thelecvoniele. These gees ate Varpiee: The
Masquerade, Werewolf: The Apecalypse, Mage! The As-
«etalon aod Wraith: The Oblivion. Eich game details the
‘thee auperatualiohabirs of the Woeklof Darks oct
their own unique point of view.

‘Ceosovers ad depth and interes to 2 chronicle bu
present ome uigue challenges, inclubnghaniling dierent
‘ules for various supetnatuas inthe coneexe oa Changeling
‘onicle and preventing these nseroturl fom over
ing the chnicle — realkng i the Kithain being Wt
‘layers in thelr own ores

‘The fst case ay eequte some cease soning ot
swan calls Bah of dhe syperacurds ia the Weed of Dak
‘os ave their own Abies and Trai: Hit aed Dc
esr arystes Rae, Gitar fr werewolves Spies
tne Arete forages and Arcanol ad Pahos oe wraiths. How
‘hese vatious Atilibesand Taint with Glmour, Bal
‘tyandeamgetslngety upto you aldouh pudeloessppearin

os ike Book of Lost Drea

"The other sie with crossover i ot allowang the other

38 Changeling Seomyeelens Guide

‘upeneualto deena the poe The Kean tein any soy
theweakeaftheperaturasin che Wort Dake maces
ofsheerponesandenmbacabicy bough asangyoal elie,
the Dragons re nati to lag tA single capable mage ce
vwerewolcanteafoeniablealloraernry forage ofan
hart, 0 rece that che sy sabe the changing
characters, oe the quest peat ofthe week Don ee the
owes of age othe geo the Apa ce bad
vena the ongoing ory ofthe player characters One goed
‘raw db hs et 19 keep eves 8 cw sy om the
Kian' home pound the Draey and the cnet wel,
‘wher the player chanster under de pound les and thei
-sapemtl "ay

‘The bot wie ef other apenas i a mz lent,
Plyersfnget thatthe rina operat coonsed te Weed of
Darkness know very le abet each other and thet chars
Ihave ted alt she debs. Wihoat the ape Love
[novia ples chance sheen cay unos an egends
Shout ether ermaatal and enn have never enone st
one may te had ee pays to bol i thee cute character
Knoaledpeoftheccer upematuah but topreenetie msec
sf thea exiaene win the cheonke

Breaking che Circle

ven the best hyonicle ron oat fteam, Therese warsto
‘extend achronicle fe tut there comes a ine when Ee ory
isa and the era should fal

Keeping Te Fresh

Keeping chronicle ners eatin weekafer weskiss ot
‘of work, but ell weet it Eecaae f eaves made ara fi
tes wih fends Over tne, ayes become core wih
thei chante andaccwsomed to the ta qunof techni
Fedwaystoshaeuphasonusqiotokeep things fom geting se
routine etanect charging Changeling ech)
‘Sora f the things ues doo keep ergs intersting cae

* Change in Payee Characters Chang in he plese che
sceerstcbce changin he chronicle. Reet, the payee
charter ae the focus oa they change he ory changes wih
them Patopschansctesarereceynsedbyanablencroespcil
cemaborsesce aera cf eral sect, bic pone then with
few dates. ropersilies ad enemies to eal wih. Maybe 3
-ancter fall wins hs lady ve sod sets down wader
‘ectelie hoa bismdr oath ot mante chances gron up ott
ido and become and gow fem wikes eo expencoced
‘ung, leneng thes will avenues teh fra de of cout
‘nagar adtesching anew pneation Some fie change can
tera choice over the couse of Yon.

‘Chang in Storyteller Charters Lik the paper char
sex, appari characte change overtime. These changes way
leypectte eso the ner characte ay lthoud they
are ot the fra; baw the payer characte bole de changes
created by the spponing chit though For cane,
pegs the eal mabe fled or dep. How wl the poet
‘hares eect he aft in poe? Do they ppt che ca
‘none ebellon behind he ssination Do ty Bive sites.


C



Wy>Da vray DA ND
LINEAR
IA
wa
RR
LIRA
ZU
IRA
iA


* Cla tg pe wthe blebs
ner tn T ced Cg yore ee
site pnumett hs Ching cee ser
theanidonanl nner rc ron Aor
en a pedo 9 ey mae
Tecra nde Pea chr mason ee a
Sea hance bh nine Sec
‘icone shoes reper
a angele
Wc aren oo » Chaat Str
cocky sonra se TO
Tien Arden ey i
ta yea ee nt den ty ee
tee tnaldeten Veda ivetreme ee
anteaters gman es le
scanentsoe Serta ed nicteg
ie amen Se sk dea Oe ee
Tenn al epee
‘starr On yore rn ea he ope
Son et ct te
ioe wo
sous

et hero omenereetta
}) cee
Renccee

SS

VIR

4

iS

>

lle contraditions between

aetalkingahoutcoatabcens
eccen diene Seytler lines the fa
nee lot win Each the irene
nub WoehlofDickneshasitsowmprineatvien
— foram pgm And each ofthe Scyelee
‘mes is desged fom te eegective ofthe cre
hat icisshowt..changelings se tne rn 9
naling point view. mage se things om 2
‘mage ane and 30 on Ter dhs ran that
cossover comes can be so ice In the
‘eodstisfordeStatllert decide which iw
isco oe anyone
ven detent sous within the same
sc can ave dere pepe casing
voutetooks forthe gue to have opgorent



* Can a changeling become ghoul or be Kinflk?

Akin be:
chanel
a changeing des? Can

+ What gpens when spe rinks changing Mood?
‘Thereisnoceostet
ferent Fe

co ucenes ae ees he
(GeeChangeing: TheDean
samp to cate the sna

rerminent Deangeient


+ How are chageings affected by aggravated dare!
‘According tothe Storer ls aaravaed doseage cannot be sed There ms nothing on this subject n Changeling bec
tet a ge hs ale ajay The exact flects cfcae et pt the Sorter, bu ee ules fer healing agravated damage
fedocrbonthe Change ebook, pe 247
1 Arechageling imnine tothe Dei tha ost shopesiters invoke?
Yo Thaimmuny don't oesndhacmoschangeling mculibetersedela9 occ ullempagingwerewsl buthewillrementet
sbeexprenceaferean
Are the nes kith and Arts puch before he reas of the second
in|
‘Ofc vison fo many othe seoondary kit
eked eeondedition are not etavlablthoughmos theca
keenly sed or scond etn, Forhe bith, dtermning which
Figs ie wyed and which chimera bunaly a naterof
"ein ere Mot Art ace easy adapable a el shou che
‘Screed the player may wane 0g over any Ain
nto oak sur tents to second
‘ion les ad ot, make an changes

The Sceming vs.
the Fae CDien
Far dons de
tte oas
pccetneensl
eee
TeDaneesins
Renseraupse
persis os

sey oad 6 ise
‘aed at leet
co rp M35 of
the Changeling
‘akboa

A. changeling

den
‘raced withllof ths sear veal



Ss
lo doh a nln nec wth che woe?
co ee Const mas VW Dat When ek my cht ce The nner
Sr iat roeee frnge Te enol lace hen eat
Se ee aif ushancte wahgh aoe orn bhatt ahve
Se eet ao elses dtr psa tenga Pali Why
Fee tannic heb dering cnc He po Buea cach
Bde pecace nr lnc
Dos al dage sft thea in!
Bet tor wore chor
ais by ang enh Wy ave cooper eal ee
PSDs hedge afl chars moral bel
T resccnen nT chong hr ata own ob
Gina hat Sete ache est haven om. Oe
© hanging Cals Upon die Wy, then all chimera effects become real
cas angcng who btn mln we da!
Hales are oice pee
Jessen consist
Blccersicereneon - 3
SS
erent rine Uh
anon eo cone me
fete Acal sbchracet saat
Merpbestechecroxtbedancetoas
teas on omg tem so
Frwnegleoectarornoptems
|=teahaseeniints
fee ou Bay
eo
Glamour ane
Banaticy
"6 What exactly ff
Barly an ow Jee

1sit-Canveneyoly ral wepons aft the mortal emg Chimera weapons

nyt beyodhe man
dine Thee ace any di
Kihainastrhconaernatareat
thowoht re the ame, Who all ZP_—
hongelingsdobcliee howeset
Dreaming Foe change

Chrscters who egulaly deny chet
faeieentence or mbar the Deering a
Sneourage creat, he coal gain Bana

BSN

How a character
cam at alle
Stoeytellet

‘be Quintessence. The
teller

* What happens to a changeling who reaches 10
peraanent Baal

sronted persion by
‘oui sucha manner.







Ka)

tA
iS
NS
vA)
a)

however and ean slow down play while you write one ou
panculely an indepth description. Cut down on tie:
Srastingby peeping afew noes in avance with things you
think characters wil asic during che ame. There no
‘vay tpredet which character will notie whatando shat
Aegre, so having notes in advance can be ark and sill
‘aes tine.

‘Another, more adic otion for avoiding the Pret Sy
ome to gic a lil conta of achaaces perception tthe
player sbichllonshertodesese somethings thatber character
now and notices dng the soy. Ths option neque a eat
Seaoftscon ourpar, as youre cnldenthatplayetcan
Tene fencing

Foe example the player chasers dicover de bay ofa
‘ogo ended in hs hue shop The carats wane «>
search the shop for ches abot the kill. Youve deeded the
‘gran was kil bys Uesele she following an argunent,
Ibaplner denshnow tot. Tellthem wut they nocceatoucthe
‘ay sa the condition of eh op, then ak players what these
shorts ind The charac with the highest Pececion and
‘Alernes Tra ge the pats leeway in making wp what the
duncendscore, bse cnes wth the lowest appeepente Trait
‘msynocncicemachofanmhing Aneta characte very high
Percept and he pce atund the by in. Shek Hak
expe fon.

"Youreehere!he a tothe che character. "Theserarhs
‘onhs chon cle shosshe wastange ut ely soncone
‘nocd dea gerade than in. The ler ae hae
(gencaenath, although do notchink we canal ot aoc."
Yau dine give the lye ay irda he sb layer hse
tw it op: Rahee dan yng to ps ee player ack ont the
track yoo ad amin, you jot down sme nets a decide che
Uncle brocher might havea tlleemtalaccomize won
‘with him. The chaneten coneaue tea mst od ever:
tually tack damn de accooplc,peovegthe oh core, ven
‘though «was ever xl inthe plot eo bei wich

‘Thismethod les players change he story a pet deal Even
weahipesyouknow and test uigitreuegulebnestoee
‘yours fom tment ccs.

‘The ple' aly o spect abun what hee chancter
‘otces ce ows aed ptm ona characte' eel in the
cesar Trt AS the Strytl You aes hae hei 19
soy, ldo tik yourehartercouldkow something cat."
sf you thik dhe lige bas gone too ft Js the case of maple
payer ferngsgecuaton onthe ane tpicacharcer withthe
higher Die Poor the tn amet Maly to be comet Butchi
isnot aa thease! Sorecnesthe speculation of player with
slower De Pool ight be the ight on, ether Beast festhe
soy beter seg upiespayen and esther rom geting
cemnplacene.

Ifyou wast ole the abi fhe playesto alter the tony
this aya characte spend a Willpower point ae sach
argecolabon Keep ind howevet that hee so guanece
fay layer' peclation ight, no mater how high thei Traits

4 Changeling Seomycetles Guide

ISIS SSI ORS OSS OSI

ae but character wih igh Tras shoul be igh mee
than he snot —~ ee ths ecknsgue doe' wean te
crceesninales

Kenning

Khan have eres end tha of mere
‘wh infracion on crete ofthe Dreing sd
fren ps ver and experienc. Yet the Sete
selon ade the we of fei sis
"This neal shelelbncase provide
for erenive exgeson you ean makeup mre of
chongelng peeves tough Kenting dan 9 om
how a computer oa cat wor

More tan odiary preetion requests by de
tlle fore Kenning ol dp player that someting cl
tagging — something detectable only othe can
fhesrues ewe to rakeKeoningrallsin cert
tocol players based how many otek cha
ove tn Keaning od Perepion. The characters wih the
ight Dice Pols oc the eae, wore dealt
while Kithaa wt ene ais jus kup on he obvi
‘Ths dsinton allows de mal pects ofthe hiner
word to be mre abc ael mpeg (they soul te

The petepion ofthe Dein is ore bce ta
Xen perception ofthe eal wea Ifyou chor oe
themethod falling players oak tp some of what the
chorseten notice crow. jou cng em oe Fett
toca up with ching fom he Dreaming — where percep
tio often i ea Kiko chatter chou tte
idence ofa Questing Beatin che chimeric andcapethen
fertap there sone sound there senor

Social Inceraccion

"I didn't play DGD for ell chose years without leomning few
‘hcg bec"

UO gee, Kes

FOten, the wide chek ee mapas" you fy 6
players. "Why do you want to know who chis card belongs to?
Int ityoan™

= Pew hen," plaer aps wc of dice. "Tve

"That han erage on alas "wcll xchange
terween «Saye chrcte ad per carer,
tendo wat xl iter it another bce tere
Come wih dee all Ths eument enone a cicial eent
eX the nnelingexperence the ppt revel:
‘hing bout chante thigh dog and neato, Yo
‘rots ant arendanoveleseearonicinhichchartes
eveigeheoritencelhanyone act topes ee
tte. Even the mort vient movies and bods cetain wee
{bogie Rohcingthe cl terion che oe cores
tok leel fate de lured the one he me
than a wo ge

Encourage players eo play out theis interaction with a Story:
tele characte, or another player charter, belo ling



scenes This can be dicale fone pling carat
declares his undying love to anocher, when the ote
1s che samme sex as he. Players may play chatacter
Aiferen ex, a Storyteller are called on to ply
sex characters all the time. Understandably, sme
find the station awkward and uncomforable. The Ba
solution may be to play ut romantie senes in.
format, hike a bluebook or through e-mall both
allow all parties to fel less inhib since the fe
Inapens "ong andi more peat

‘When hailing the romantic stores of characte
lay take thelr various Tals (like Charisma ad Appeal
Jeao conseration, but donot eedice the punto oe i
ven lst) eo mere dieting. Challenge de ples th
"pth stable roleplaying to achieve chet romantic pa
you woul for any other social gal. Some oftheir fi
particulars can be glowed ove, bur» charater's pura
beloved ints for a rand story in the courtly roan
hac sw ited 19 Changeling.

Peformance

Glamour ie crntve fre, an changeling ain wh
st Khan are arte and expressive rents, whether hot
feeeor waking to abeve Rape though che restive Fu
(ee Epiphanies page 57) Peformance isa ocal experience ake

fg)‘ wi ches, so changeling tation and legend we ll

vithbordandocherperformervho gather lisoutane ins
‘tee trough eet performances

Te handling a yerfrmance ding te game have the player
toake a Peviormance > Charamna (robe appropriate Atte)
roll which uel in eaes wher the prormanereaecme ie
dou thee iso ned to pla ou the pesos

le most ratancs, however, the pefrmance rls can be
deerme without dice col How sled te chat
Pefomancet How high te governing Attrbut! Use dhe
gestions a guidelines wo expends determine the general
tutcemeofaperormancefacarater py want play sng
rete a pot ener the cour ding acc pati,
theressorelnceaty tole deat el the papet how wel
the performance went based on characte aby anal cs the
ayer eleplayig- Assnthall scl ater goer aing
‘onthe plaersatenances the ets the peroonance. the
ayer coumpozsa srg ota poet, tense should peta,
tna players shold be enccarged to exes theres ug
their cunts.

Persuasion

‘What if charter wants tobe convincing or chang?
Again, youcan call fora Peouaion + Chari or Manipuion
tollen deerme the sul, or base the eu on the gna lve
able the character has, coupledwiththelelayng re payer
eto ke Not alle sare ater orator alos tke ite
account the ably level fhe chair when a plajer mikes a
tncemp st Pesan o another sca steracon- A somewh
‘weak efor delivered by ery charumati charter wh rade
sintenctonemereefectv thantheseedakguedelveedy


Ice shoborheperscealeofastne—arlashar ough
tha. Da' expect Osc mincing performances, Bo

ple njoyrayingout socal eracoon.chensthem
Jl nei the ees. 1 players dn ke to pay ou these
Jette, dea ther out and give them a chance to eno
ewe det force ther. You can sti se short methods,
Bee oc seer ved onthe Trt toreave wha the
ers

 Gpiphanies
Epiphanies are a changeling's steongese connection 10
Bp crs atthe Dreaning Theycgeen the bigs
fellate theKihsintecapblestin thi pra
Ghinte sc they offer nary emai ons or a
thal Toe dice ye fr pian n Changeling:
D The Dreaming ager 212216) deriv the proce
Ahn ches redoing a fly comes pecs to few
Gees the tak fvnpiy. Thirst expandion
that tocitanyandow they con belay in he
"tthe ame
"Ths mera sea ctona extn fecha
sutra topo outers nein the se ea wen
Bere Someine i Gencrthe ery tare owe te de
tein chante ly rales the ceo oy
feet mune at exhering Clans lowing he sony
Eecoe Une de demande theo ondyurb eae
Ste ch tem o ea ay evencne
Thee tems ie Loe han the de methods chat
omit gee ex ut rung moet agent
{fon tbe Stoel Lite Geom there oconccor
Eenihere—jucguietineon ate changngmat So
texters apnany rg ofcoue opiate Selo
See ithe changing fe cen nd how el

Reverie

Reverie the mst como and innacuous of che fur
futhstoepipbany thas thee bse step andres heal oc
fcc intercon between the Kicaln nda meee dene.
‘The infomation in the Sok Interaction section on page 54
Iso or hang some of he steps ofthe Revie OSS,
trick follows

* Discover whats the dear Fitthe Kuba mst
cto kr the deer nnd what ces harem
(Gesing the dcatner tip int the well of Glace sl bang
te tit ineo manforation. the dreamer a long fe
eect ofthe Dantes (onl becuse of reuse Bak
_goundora long eset reins i the cen) thes
the Kain geobubly aliealy vos hat pes han TH
staaion dos noe mea dha cacustance cane chang, bow
‘oetwbacispreda dreamer week aghtoothol dha spetd
‘padkof Glaeur er bio my Tonge equing the changing x0
Aiek anes sere cfspiraton Deanet ae aot aches and
nba ipsa peon vanes sey Bec of hit sation,
ncjgoun and moe

i)
$3

‘Togettokoom he dreamer, he player ust ccleplhow
a charcter meets him and gins ls confence, est and
fership. Ths process ests i a cooeoon intrest in the
dreamer' ceive eld. A changeling might meet a deste
‘withthe potential oe a reat poet andl sre upa conver
tion wich her shout diferent poetic styles and aflence

‘Consul the previoussection on oil ntrsthns for ea
bow to handle thi nil teraction without elyng too
stronglron dc ls.

‘Once achaactehaspinethecrenmecsteus. theresa
cpportnity to dhecaver what might be wed to sce dhe
‘eames to grexness Thiopptunity elie partlly enol
‘neeriction getting tokio the dra ikes aa des
~ svn foe iatton and Kerang which safel tbe ho
‘oF Gliroour 204 how to encourage its growth. Take inv
‘ccount the material on Perception and Kevningon pages 32
St for how a charsceer en oben hints hour nha res
sieamer Its pose that a changelng es evel medods
‘cfinipeion beforiting he ihtone. ust inate rhe
‘oes can take anvehere fom an evening chat eo pending
smonthson end with the dence, coaxing fort bleh

+ Inspite the dreamer. Once shechangeling has andes
‘onhoneto inspite the dreamer, an atemptean be made, The
method a chocacter wed fo inpraton should keep the
angling Musing Threshold in mid. A Kiehain who
Brimanly generate: Glamour by inspiring ove may nothave
fe much aces inegating a ens of eal, but she may be
sextape for a grent work of at specially Tove sonnet!
Tespirng the dreamer relies on the Teats of Maniplation
(guiding the dreamer along the right path) and Empathy
‘having a fel for whae works aod what does'). The
amount of ree the ebangcling spends tying to inspite the
dreamers alo usportant the more vine tke co plant the
provetBial sted of inspiation, the larger che eventual ha
ese of Glaoue

(nce the dreamee has been iste the fpesion mst
fellow es couse before any Glanor is generated. kite ace
‘of cretion tae bing forth Glamour not dhe at of pe
tion. The Kitha musts couch wih the deumer dou
‘utthecreation proces mich equitesadionatolephving
rath may ve to offer feta oe encourgement wo bel
‘he dreamer long A charace's interacions wth het doi
thistine can be the kasi for ator, especaly the comple
‘onof he dreamer' work steeped theatenedin cere
ssa How long the completion ofthe work esi up tothe
‘Seortlle: it could happen very quickly, like a lovestrock
young wan who seeps his ld} love off he fe: and declares
tis etenal love or hes oe ie might tke aoe wb, hike an
suthor working onthe Great American Novel

the Storyteller mules thot the ttre to fvgte the
ieamer is success, the chongeling mise guns Gheoet
‘egal co halfber Maoipulition + Empothy, wth ajurenes
‘aadeforhow well thenspraton wastecarchedand olereved
iainctivels moving and clever ingratins shoul grin ensee
Glamour, whale buredcerepeticusingpracions with oral

<A
S
iS)

(Chapzex Thc: Playing the Ruler st



itor pefornfohorescof tbe game troupe. Such
eo shoe rewanded wih extra lau othe
fx pemanene point of Clio since encourages
ele do ike. Ix player has no arte tals,
ee polities for Rapeates, sch 9 those mentioned
ee haps he on dug a webpage or the oupe oF he
lute ta oa ern hotine, o some oer means of
ope jt a lr chacacte ies speed hope an
the wor. Ain alway end exe fie
Crate 1 vaio or idea. Once the median of expression
ser, the player muse come up with a specific work the
ng unertakes. Even players with no ability in thei
fe dr ould a lea invent and descibe kn rch
the work thee character creating. For snuance, &
se much of an act but has aKithaio charter who
ettiesbliy Theplayercantldescribencharacters
and veral eal, which js as creative at actly
{he work inqustion. Challenge hin codex he goal
(be Roearexo hat al woope member can clea ane
Theprnitebecrexivevisoncanfocmthebass faster)
he oni, rit an take place ently in aplyers Be
orasprclaspecial solo gune, Try octoletacbarnceer'
"poset Roptare ake up too much ioe Junge ene
all ofthe others ate occupied with something ele.
Dieta che story forthe sake ofa singleplayer does'
sacl sc well
‘Bring the vision into being: Once the medium and
the work have been decided a character tres bring the
{erie vision into being This proces iavoves the ployer
‘egal cvatng a wotk of art (as described before), oe a
© inet "builds" within the context of the game, The
tent depends on a characters failty wich the medium
Tappeoprinte Atteibute + Ability, a characters level of
rat, and the player's work in constueingand describ
ang the creative work. A succesful attempt at
pteratesanamoune of Glamour equal coal the Ki
foal Atebute » Absit. For every point the changeing's
Bialicy exceeds her Glamour, subtact one pow
rent chat Glamour exceeds Boalicy, ad one. M
fox bused on the coleplaying of the eresive efor. An
‘celen description and efor on the players pares worth
dexea point or tro of Glanout bile actually peroraing
nsccsbould meri at lest afew extraoint of Olamou of
rena point of permanent Glamour, jot as the player
tolled ive or more successes with the dice ethos.

Ravaying

Raving ihe simple fr of epg ad lows 2
thangtng © 6@ Ganev ava om mar dear
tegen he Kup burrs cean
titecaoeirelr on winging Banay ote
Clans A changing he ilies Raryng so ei may
fun nay orange the cexive of Sets
ova or wo Ev eps flows

‘moma dreamer, the changeng ust fit estab neki
‘felatinship wih hiss. The nature of thiselaonuhipeante
‘very casual fiendahip ~ dhe sort f thing a Skil} Kita
Sesrupoverthe coun ofasngle evening, Ieeanhaveaeepec
‘nature if che Kia's plyer deste, and ome Case
frarticule Rave clave fendihips and romantic velatonshirs
‘uth chet Ravaging vicina, Ealing the relconshipuses
‘the guidelines for ecal nersccon on page 54 aed sould be
«olepayed. The Ravagig elects can be wodied ihe Story
«elle Feels the players done a particulary good or hal job
<alishing che ebrionship.

‘The choice of vit and the nate of che connection
‘should be read co che changeling's Ravaging Threshold
{Chaogeling: The Dreaming, rope 213). A Kithoin who
"heiveson Destroying Love, fr example, gh ir with is
‘ange andy tosedce bern oder to ini jealousy or bring
ahout a brekup. A changeing who prefers to Crete Angee

aged to choose a Ravaging Threshold, even players of Seele
hrsces. The teopttion to ge i to Ravaging i alwa
present, especially when a choice target presets elf and
fevecly sited to characters Thvesold, A Kitain can
Ravage trout sel psychic amsuk, but the ve of Ravager
"Thveshold erunahics he act and strewes okeplaying
‘Wrest Glamour from thers. Once the Kithan has

-stablahed a relatiocahip with the vit, she can ater 0
{eae Glamour rom him. The exact moment when the chat
ings away the vitis Glamour should come athe hk
‘ofthe emotion inspired by the Ravager, The ruth of Glamor
Ihappensat the moment when emotion overcomes the vce,
How log the proces ales depends.on the roleplaying af the
Kichonand che udgentofthe Storyteller. Some victim
bethe workofan hour oo while others could he elated
‘oveedaor weeks Thelonger the proces aes, che restr the
reward of Ghmoor. The Ravager spins a tose anount of
Glatsouc ual tobaitherperanent Banat, oct by dhe
length ofthe reationship and che efetvenesofthe payers
‘lepine

Kithaln who Ravage too equently (in the Stryele's
iow) tuk sining erporay oe permanent Baality be de
tng the fees of Glanoue within moral hears Ifa characte
Ravogesindscrnnotlyoteather pool. he Scetllershoeld
ard him an adtional pnt of temporary Banal. OF
couse, his award epoves a characte' ality co gnin Ga
‘our shuough Ravasng, which eretesavicsous cyl in which
Ravages become mre capable and ravenous unl dey ae
finally Undone soa seitdetrce. Roleplaying the spiaing
‘escent of uch a Kthai san oteresting challenge.

Rhapsody,

Rapa rn Ureelie means of epghany biden by
toch cours Because it peemaneney douses the yack of Ole
cut in 8 mont dreamer — Basing fame for a ea omen,

=]



Combac


cocppared tothnee pager of als for social ntsc
-beease most nes teat combat as more co
a in ced of eae ele. H his aryl su.

‘omit and to avoid the vagueness that leads co 40 may
ygumcats during zane of Cops and Robbers, Such eoupes
ake use of he syste sa Changeling: The Dreatn-
‘Werld of Darkness: Combat for al
systere). The Book of Lost Dreams
Inns. using che late it a Changeling chs
For toupes thar like a simplified system of combor
resolution, two options are offered The fis isasimple dice
method based on an tla by Chris Kuba ins aricle
setis "The Interactive Toolke" in White Wels Iephbis
ir 50-56); the second choice tan even
combat systemthatelicron the Stoyeler's
Judgment andthe players olepaying eeativey ch like
the diceles resolution systems for Perception and socal

‘ystems, depending on che demands ofthe
story an the troupe's dsiesduting any given game. The
sop, dieles method i bes uid for quick esl
‘ion of combats hat are less sigaticant t the overall so,
‘rof combats where dma and roleplaying ae more impor
fant than dice-rolling and precision, The basic combat
system andthe advanced syste fom Woeld of Darkness:
‘Combat canbe used when more detail nd pei sn
‘ear ate clled fe,

Simplified Combac

snort nitive ll, he ol based on en enticed el
ser 4

1 Ifa charctee ans dee access oF mote, be A
hes the tk

characte gin ess than te si

aly sect

1 Iacharactes fs he acconepitisnohing

1 Hfachurcte:botch e ets ewe

yo ook

wih a ghey rue evi hi loon on the or" The
Asal he oll depends the seventy ofthe et wee
sccompanying chat a sages dict). The hone he
ssn the ihr thei th ree th oy
‘false ot «bach, Succes ae Cumulative an the bse
‘okt stn che res of atons ar dese exh an.

‘Acomplesenicccs meansachorctersccomplabertbe oak
coc fe wantdoklla opment hedees he waned
saat semeote he sucess No pele,

Simplified Comdac Resolucion Suggescions

Scuncs.

Objective
# Kicking in a door

# Swinging from a chandelier
+ Yanking a eg out

+ Grabbing someone

* Holding onco someone

+ Frightening someone

* Knocking someone down

Rall

‘Strength + Brawling (or Athletics)

Damage

+ Disamned
He

+ Wounded

* Tostaneknoskove

* Dexhfor severe wound)

Desteney + Attck Skil

(12 Health Levels

(G4 Health Level)
(operopetace Tes)
(operopetace Tris)

appcopeoteT
Gopropriste Tri


A potial oces mean dome damage but nat enough

‘ofa hejots Techn wanted tokllher opponent butshe
Iptelondyagrtng Vow She tiltoduarmaneoneand hoe
Himcdbsence bu se did' eke aay ha weep.
Afar lFenpbinutoy
Wilpowercan bows panne nsomatc wees bc oly
ne acces on the ie. Wilgomer

‘The Stoel may ads uly number to ect he
{ly ofvriousopponensoratacks Foreramle canon xer
pnecsmig bea toh, wlechinerial monster ee
Ihe dificult andlor mere acces Powerful wenpes a

no sone opponents whe

esis ceverappeoch could lower a fica, whe poot
Piel or docrpion igh mie

"Thi pet 6 very ar-bonas csdsgnd fr spend and
gly. Wit cues dg that slow the gue don reer.
fathe oc sytem,

Diccless Combar

"Thediclescombocsyemtewensinle hanthesycrjat
ive. In chs ce the rw opponents in coma Secret
‘Be Poo (Arubute + Ablty ad x carace ith de higher
tol sualiywine Thats Bveryhang ei slayer and Stneles
‘eat olen Noe alas. Theabovesatement
teunesalotherhigs the comkarremn al a that nt
thn the eave, Payers lence the com outcome through
plying and novacive ccs hae shee sith,
thc move the comb from an ae where charter weak
ch treed fighing to coe i which hes ee cpable (ke
socal cx even ine).

"This stem temores rar, # not all ofthe randomness of
combat A chance who u more cape an is panne can
plan towinnescrcunatances charge Someconsderhiseption
foe "vealckthan the dce meth, whee a snl otced ll
‘vtarnherideoorsaeAgaiestipenorappenent charts
Ine to relron clvernes, icky aed cig eeacher ity
tne win. Catt ere ele on good trp arl dei
Uneogiverlnenakeltrtheopensandtopeoiemore dnt

asknglecomperen

"Anadeanage fhe dele sera acaciveantensconeles
cx sil es ested. characters afin cannon ar, dere
‘Sno need for complex decripaons or all. An uncompcated
escpcon ike "yugucely overpoweryurfarinferioropponcs"
tues and et the action othe ae proceed wihout ter

oc cleoatic dl etree opponent of
fleyoqulabllesboullbe lye outingseat decal weheach ide
enn testing the oer locking or ppetanie el hnking
pati ove im an ee. The evel of
somatchehedemandsetthescy Nowra.
Trove atenton than een, sch af conkentation between



inst oe Knowles, Uke Sooty and canes tke
ec bed on
ove




ImportanetoChangelingthan o
thelr pine vals a

characters wl Ba
ound ther is ag
han having ade

bo



No SERGIO GOS

as seme. And yes, a chance' onthe

op mort of 3 character clone fiends but dete ate
at to he fiends cure she cathe, and st cf
‘her are likes to be mortal

his ld pl ois favorite pb (which ee s0 happens co bea
fecha) cri he loves Ns changing fiends fora ight of
ine ies

{i hac sa moor prem).
‘Ancnteraining entcuuld be the mece meta rend who

{rechold hoe chey wane vo core teow ive; be ising his
Goran, lp he. The rend

notice aed wonder what i upand they ging vo ak Even
‘Coke feos aren't areal che tie, ving ot of wate

{alls mortal, but be' got some mer heavy aery
ales Th tw giver the Storer soe entetalung od
toe

Shicorknowledpeabl wich Changeling —youcoull bexinone
of he omeupresentcromover conic.

‘A mubeateory of fiends is lvers. White loves can. for
SA) rin fly ince foetal ena vet
4 od for them,

lovers quays very clove fiends By lover, don't ean at
sexual Fortney but (mally) aspecal soca achangeling
|e, posubly even the target ofa Troe Love Merit the

Family
‘mortal beological family. But, how exany people of the tary
thera hunter be cot when hye ort

"een bis lover spurte fren bis le 8 cout oe tn the
‘The Eochanted)

er,

‘And the
isan)

akout the ray snisteruneletiecf
‘aay atop hen hich walla

"Eid for your

be

Fun. The ai

owetion"
RD) xan herhonge in edt naman Ad eving

neers the rences re hetls. The water halides (which

toa
Ive ended oe a
‘A Storyteller should decide early on how clove»

ether,

foray rented occasions
dare ace some elements of fara dat a har

‘Nace, :
sczerchoore, ach as aspoue, And of coune, charters

ray sal cae deeply and gerainely forthe penn, which

‘eannered of women regects 4 sidhe's double fot long
works ew

fc. More so than fellow sent fends need to be lly
‘and integrated into chatter' ie. How clove 2
fied wilyay chong neh coune ot chngetng

SRrho aio haggen tobe sidhe.
Children ate » ore complex lot. Children who ate
iain of Kehain wil be he tn on mom' secret quik |

APA) rc nk hs per colon ins pee he

allowed to chink tha that was Jost chet pare

inaprcpete
lwcoopetive nnd Ol fends cathe thethand ca ely

rho mean well wll wat cacy Aune Maureen to tk (0
"ama fend" who probably aa Avram Peron.

‘Young family ewer hike cousins and bling, ake




Doxcal Love


Vv r 1 To GH 7 GV RONG EX

38 Storyteller,

acre

sonality thoc us what Ive hese intense game te st danger of Becoming Undone because her wel
fescerighireentes fencegs tenthned het to church every

SN charsresfequent« parca soe, pub. oe remorse, Your experience). But che possi of ores centering

(peat plac device. ‘oo fae acrs tomn

ction and excitement a the nockers player reaches or hat

‘pychiatrns), and there # noching wrong with tng the
lacs

However, fighting shrinks gets sale fst- Other ex
sanples of Autunn People seem more comic relief daa

eachers discourage imagination, so be careful, Teaches}
of the changeling worl 6 gsng to be an chat wake good Autumn People ar nt linuted van coe

Theserewonsanc hal oncsfarnocusingthem—methy others, though. Teachers who are Autumn People think
dev

sie damsancae poe four chances egmitican — whatever tat — and ate "eying to bel" by illng

eat ‘rho give the popular kid igh
: ish a don sk
Avaen

fouere wilder are droge' there uel they ener

roides an ineresing source fr ales (the cry old lady that get an Armen! Arr‘). Unlike teachers, the
sho

» illin
‘hac inaginion& the work ofthe devil nether of whom their existence. Hit near Chrysalis may have
ed be anything mote than mortal. Think

" Changeting Seonurcticns Golde

OTR RO


‘hein be we
SA ieee

"SERGORG CROSS GIRO MORO.

‘Saeatal emberce a Storyteller bas

Chimera

‘Now, [be heft wo adit that keeping tack of thee
thee peominent Stover characte,
of lls crests havoc enough

Severed imagination create. But they were ined
‘plaers dott give che Sorel any sings hat they do
‘ant him pall

colt eave mined, end

do need chet own perce, though, Aa
Seortller, we any ad all ioration that

In gue play, chiral companions can be wed to
wiki" Wel

ted herniogs. The

right have

‘Chime should noe overpower character, with the ex-

bute this story method, ehough, becouse the players wll

aa

ASA the players and che Storyteller ae cresting.

ite
me up"

pendent
Many hiner we gong to Jase "ether" roading

‘This depends on what character are having the chine
scout cut anon the dvi teaperament a he cl.

of deans. The story f "Toys willbe Tor,"
scenes inelving independent 5
fw of which have iflunced chimera. Uhave created bah

tnd other ell of
oul.
Mouces deserve # special mention. Although they a

‘Thisdefl

the scene) othe

‘Orphan chimera are related to independents bur most

noms that the anima have chet wn Hea, atl tel ce

edepenence,
least fr while. Orbers are el guading oe are there wo be
bela exc to Banaity — oe

owe of speech (and che changeling cued by 10 then the

these place.

‘course the knight aio has to hea about every niggig deal
thle he howe is crying che exten weight off iene

BIGSIICSIOAS

cc flesing fon, a enemy at he tne.

<t Sin

SSIS


cS

‘Chiliogs ray have thes companions formed more at
{purins thant companions expect those who come from.
ne chat ae ler conducive fr dreams of hope. Whether
shee padinsaredeagecuor dogs they ate fiercely loaltothe
hiding that hey gun, even tha chiding develops to
being iderorogrump. A touching bearelecharactercould
Fethechimencaldog whodeendshss grup oll master. even
Hough che eel can peotably take more chan the chirsercal
heard

‘Sore locations inthe Dreaming bave thee own cee
Cl pactans especially reholds tha extend fom the moral
ot ato the Oreatsing hell. The purdans ae a aed st
the fechold chey match ove, and che powers shoul be
ledcaive of dhe power of cht eh

‘Gandia cher however, watch over nae than ee
baldtandchiings Within dhe Dreaming gusdans lead che
wy to oer resect cavers ods and even the aver
path Foe Styler mo use the hero journey mol po-
Tied in Changeling, the guardian at he pace could be @
cea cretion, dus abowing tha he path ahead leaves
the more world behind in more says than the obvieas
{Gandinsdo noc always gud with claw and toot, Rides,
frst an games ze ethos ha they can ase ochllenge
those who atte tops them,

BAN

Beware ch obberwock, my so!
‘The jour ht He the claws ha cht
Lewis Carel, "abberwocky"
Although fequectly spoken of, ey experience with
changling somes is that chiera at aly w
nist wich ashame because the poral
pighamars ina physical ens s nowhere

‘overcome some of her own. Creatures foto the Deeaning
can be mensces tothe changeling worl and even ja the
‘word ofthe mortal, should the chimera poses the Wd
Rede. Twisted Seoryellee who tun cronower gates can
create more ways forthe chimera co attack humanity, A
tagoniet chimera eed tobe consered very catty while

malevolent becate oftheir wey nore
‘Chimerical antagonists are found on

Monier, Funky snd Villain. Monstrous ie

sentient, lchough there ate exceptions. They

fats the Storyteller i concerned, to slow

sith combat; they are aoe generals de

F reasoned with. Of all the plot points where aninase

‘chimera are found as antagonist, this ones the woke.




Si SCE GIOS.
ISI OSI OSI OSIOS.

heed

few we

ling me, oe even the Seoeyelle sscem, and
some were ust fon teas ro write up. Redes morked wth a.

oesn's hve
hsflying Zinssalsoapact

Jexunps especialy
side one, are his von

oe sad
rz. Zin. ealks.0 We. He

‘tha chinera may have.

ina
Yasmina isa god and black tabby cat with wings to
Heras

these b's spreg.on, thereby letting them know something
ian play onocent, Eu itnever works. Pooks,
expecially chilings love Zin corpo thas he isan ideal
‘companion chimera, although he could work jst as wells

someone at glance, or 46 she claims.
Yaina isa companion chimera, mabe foe woekiog
with any Arabic eas
‘Chimera Poits: 36
‘Aaebutes Seng I, Deo 5 Seamer J.Charara 3,
ipeition 3, Appearance 3 Perey lee 2, Wis

ad emerald deagn about the ste of

up. He spouts an emeraldgreen
fey of and kes Mack
ed ellybeana. Percival was created
nce (Acaaly three overlapping ones}
old. He doesn' Ike true mages and

Percival baer
ww

3, Appearance 2, Perception 2, ltelligece 2,

Was
‘Glamwaes 3
Willner:

Heal as

‘Aasacks Not fie ean lp i

‘Able: Dodge 5, Prank 5, Stealth 4, Subtertge 4
Befedile, Enchoatmen, Fight, Hie, Wyrd

"Tachino

He an independent chimera, What dream he cae

BN hin ther ae aware of Peel watching

from a nightmare

MA) ‘ound gating the iecold cuay eae ot hecold
emela coomcnets,

Atrbutes: Sue 2, Deter 3, Soi 1, Oa 2
Manip 2 Agger 2, Pox Seige 3 Wied
‘Ghanoor'$

Willpower: 2
Hal Levelss OK 1,-2.5
Auack: 3 die cla dice wit born

Bea! 1, Dodge 5. tinsacon 2, Phot

Scheer
‘Redes: Fink', Fight, Weapocry thom), Wye

= The Jabberwock

rock is 2 great back

The Jabeow othe.
swith entered wings and sharp caloes on ll ou lis

AA) Redes: Argravated Damage, Aner (5 levels). Fae
Breath (5 dice), Fight, Galp. Traverse Dreamin. Wyrd

‘Ang say have a wastcoat,

Ww,

The abberwock satan example of antennae level
epi chuner,sihough t does aot have to be wed as
Goch A chongcing with an Weneonion with Alle ight
tae the Jabberwock gunding he

Chisera Points: 45,

Arash Sect 10, Deere 5, Semana 6, Chana 1,
Masuli 1. Arpearince I Pectin 5 seems 1 Wis 3
Gasour: 4
Wilpowers 2
Health Levels OK, OK.

2255

Windeland, he cloeing i diferent —a mix ofeal-green

rodaguatlue —andshe's more helyfl than her cinematic

founverpar. Pandora doese't consdetherslfto be mad, but

jonta cat, and cas donc work by human rules, os ad her
Pandeeassanobecindeendenechiners—andastongone
‘Chieera Poin 52

Ateibuts: Stren Dewey 3, Stare 2, Charo,
Manipulation 4, Appeaance 3, Ferepeion 3, Ineiuence 5,
Wit
Glamour: 8
Willpower 3
Health Levees OK,
‘Arta Cla for? dee
[Abiltiss Dodge, Faerie Le 5, Greymane S Litre 5
Redes Eehwotnert ak Serve Banal, Tree Deeg

Sparkly
‘Aeallslowingboll green ight Sprtyis anc semen
aver: He Sout peal, lthoug be lows ae erent ten
‘aciandshoosout geen golds. Thechngelnesbehefht
$s fone of sparks coches hes ue, Ft 09 one
‘tsetse They dob thor pr can Bat

Sek anon scien ndpendent cher, skough he

Attacks 3 dice Chil Elceity
Reses: Deeanber, Fone Benth (3 Dice)®

New Redes
‘Curse —Ths Rede wrk sch ike the second evelof he
Sooty Ar (ee Changeling: The Dreaming Secor Eton,

Wooarewonee

the tinh.

e181) Aslongastheagetisechantedshewsnerbleoths
Rede. The chimera pose the Wind Rede tn oreo able
tapers nesher fe nar enchanted. Each tno poi of Clanout
tnveradbydhechieeactastasucemfondctermningthe ts
ofthe Rede

Chinera Cort: 5

Use Cost level of cane eflct

Fame Breath — Ths Ree canbe wal to peovide chine
wih a chinerica-ngst stack The rat vious eect
hogesbeath, burs lnerbeaeanllighvning alexa,
berated by

Chimera Cos: 3 pe die of choral mage

Use Cone 1

Flash — Aliowsthe chimera toblind a ange. The nzet
wunthe foe orenchantekorthechiswra mas poss the Weed
Rede vel Thetarget ublindesfor5 ura hicfieetcan
[revoked witha Dexterity # Dodge ol cay Seo etd

‘Chirera Cot 3
‘Use Cont 1

The Ochers

‘The Kiehain an che Dreaming are by 0 eons the ole
supernatural forces within the Work of Drknes Many ohet
beings wah their own factions and roblems inhabit the
‘lhe wed ag onthe ken of hota

‘Changelinglacions ith chee spematurtbngs nosy
Aetestorted afer the Sharing, Once Banal fll like
‘tain aver dhe Land the Kichin weee moe interested i
srviving than playing pits uh the dangerous and mee
tal erates sharing the shadows wth them. There are 90
table exceptions, sch atthe farwerewolt gatherings once
every 10 sumines in Fliberia (lsh), the shelton of
ith in Pas by the varpie Pince Villon, snd the geet
compact offaandmastin Orext Boca (detaledin sla the
‘Mighey. Most other perturb dhe vei on
<oneact with the Kithain afer the Shattering Memories cfthe
fae became like the hal-remembered dreams of lout
igh,

‘With the retum ofthe site, however, ad the aia of
an Indian Sune (a bunt of Glamour belo the coming of
‘Wieter, mang ancient pacts, tates and pozocols weve
cesablubed, The side renewedthei contacciththe mass,

‘coming into father concct with other supemacural fxn
‘Thenobily hnbeenthe mayor impetus beh the reopening
‘of thee lines of comaunication wth the ho wed tobe
allies With the renee

ho begun to rdicove a0


Sis
hem on ibe. The Revs vampire ale come int confit

sail os

the ences thee silent Thre ae dove wha whist

‘While the Kicin know rach sboue thie wayward
coon, nach of thes information ts ofen out of date,

RE

the tape' analy rating). This enchantment les

Had

lag. The malty, for example, knows che nares and gen
h

al teats 13th century,

REA:
ESAS

oy:

GUS
SESS

XS

swe the Ge makes four po ithe pevenceof the loa
mages by asking where the AbL--Batin ae,

Consene Cvencs

inthe
seen past worth mentioning. The fist wa the destruction
of Duke Rococ's summer coutt by a hon

‘ined creates

Terearald
igh schoo! vudene in hightps and Tair. (Of cour, the

sack's elp. li
ements se court, che High King ode Null and his pack
‘rovisonal Red Bunch Koighs. chocged with bringing

Another recent episode saw a cabal of mages called

ZA) nie te Crocs fre were tan » jk vty Pal
tack

‘ling Viewein howe, held bya roving ago of sty
‘When the satys returned tofnd thet home co-opted, they

the mas rt rca

thie
cue loa': Kran std the Panna Kinéolk bare

ce pec, er bere et, eweak chic owes nome wit.
‘Meee dan ene hanging has ound benef in hot wate when
‘single "Ger in and ue ofthe Chantry" die red ato

2S:


The Dreeing stil enforce the pucts aed agree:
‘ents signed eonsago ecween che fe alte Pada
"Thos acconds range foe allances to stnple wonagaes-
ea eaten Oe a eeotre that knows the ancient
word consol we them aaint achangcing.ocing het
toadbere othe agreement. An examgle ofthis type of
oct the High King's Peace, bul berreen the Silver
Fangs end the she. Tis tates that when exer pay
‘essaring made ofashwood, the ther eanacise ragle
ldorinanceesubession ponte wee. This coves
‘Sovereign ond Gifts tho overpower socebodys ll ce
Werewelft The Apocalypse). There are ny core
‘oes aed agretntor ftom the pee Sharing ccs,
spd these ae let wo the Store dicetion. Most of
‘thee have mach greater Engact onthe Kain than
they do on she Prodigal (changes may sue il
ctlcs a f hey bad broken an coth for defying these
aca). Many superstars sil side by them oat of
tesect for ation, suing they are vena cf the
sachs exicence. Such apeemens and Heats can bea
ood stating point for a Changeling crosover game

Vampires
Know tthe Khai asthe Chien of Lily vanpes
Grau Wie acetal sou aiden wo tees ete
mete isnypunct tno tisaoy bat at
Sling wate usrcer cage ene
tins pushed he Tota de Dna oacnseience
tlhe te'acton Yvette at che
Shel became se eumored ih de oct tate os
Alani hey aredescendedfios iis mae
Jom u Gane The Katie yell eee oe
anole nanevewnding asl bs poet, donne and
SSprcnocy lace the it. Ras cn somes be
Sapcep haus gant tyeey of warn, nal

ised one ofthe rcerediche somnetimesas anenenty or 3890
ally foe cents Long pase.
ae dene tothe Kindred like tots ta

the teatet challenge ofall hers ear fo tei lost ine
tality, andeethe varie exstenceasthe closest oqvaleat
Yer ethers simply by Sto the bei that vanystes ae some-

Kithain ate aware cot wampice secity divided among
ly and ideologies, bak most dons bother to late
smote than which ct contol ther tea and hone ae Ks
‘wander at ight. High King David's court has ise searing
tw ald the group of vampires knox os the Treete de 19
the fat that several Kithain have ben captued by thee
‘angles ani destroyed ring expeimentato

‘Mose Kindedhave nokleathe fe ext Thor who donne
tend view fo as extemal pomeflbu ali very chsh.

Ravnos

‘The clanchat poses theme danger othe Kicha and
can have the most effect oe the Dreming ip Raenos,
though the eajociey of these Orpsy vacate ae cn
(ely unaware of the danger they pose to foe. These
‘Chereryeyhich to the

‘Waa tha he Rati wee Tag powers by a,
‘shu who seas beste i a talcrft contest bythe fonder of
‘Clan Ravnon. Aa pit, che ecu granted dhe vampie the
abt perceive the Drenang. Tough tiskeowledge, the
founder diacovereda tears which he could manipabe the
Dreamlngin wat even understood bythe fae. Though he
swaableto po long the silty caf isons with be su
‘ofthe Dreating, the ae sight ofthe gical word was ost
to fitre generations,

‘WDathavians:
The mainess and peculiar insights of the Maliwans
thu any ofthe Kidd
‘TheKichain ind them the ect del wih becaun of hele
ow Balt. This lan of vampires bas the cloves es othe
{oe with ceaces and conpaces goog back hanced ot
howard, of yeas Many Malawian recogeice Kithasn 39
beng fe, even though they cnnor perceive the Kites e
mie ot cheers unten enchanced. Ths not alway 9 gcd
thing: the derangemenes of sote Malksvians ace ie cond
ive to plensane relations
Mallacina ace denen tac likemothsto flere. odthe
teraction is eccasonally tan. ne uncommon oe 4
Mllasin todrop by lca echo}. and hangout que
sratchtheshow or eves be boldesough oracle Mostofthe
esidenes reve cers the Kise ate away ae the
they ae fo. frecbold and is poole the Malkin them
selves doa know

Honma The danger is
tite to foe Ble afer only a fe



eR

‘hse horpens to be ap Ehsum of «cotechouse that is 2
eherng pot fr locale. What happens when a Toren
ISoms an unkalthy interven changes Dearne,
pore enatnoced ofa sche? What fa leak Gangrel begins
spending heights eas a local sent

‘Vets ai fr ave n daterene cece, but ol ams
fy sec to ebace the right Fine of changeling in the
fee of olvation. tragic romance tween a Kitha ond 2
op could bean epic chronicle lating many xe

aly afe-Mood-adiced warp sone ofthe deal
predion local ef canbave. anes discovered tens
fatrnodiat cll. arm. Hunting the uke wba hack is
ingot best nl fodrardy 8 woe

Crossover Rules

Chimenseag

The Duscipline of Chimserstey (see Vampire Players Guile)
Bl tos sex con ba pecs by occa ood ol
Gonconlbcngs Hover hes lion spewnedin de
remand tec le oe eth an.

‘Aldhatns crated Chinectyhorechineea fe
ew ate Tor cue oten onan exe ng
{Serie ata esonter fed ervey encode
{Siegen Maton ct ren, orc il an
{ite onc dy: How chen pede
fen che tre of he Mn that we ant
ines peal esata hora beter eed
ted con te peace why change esther
[isu hiner Thorac ao come oe
‘itn chines et Chanting The Dreamig Sco
Fite pe 16 Anum chews can ion he
pen ci wih coco enprtcte

"a Kiln con ses te we ef Chery hina ile
crhoitapleReening sl aiteay Onecare
Kian gee ies hee te Decne be ed
tcfre reese Krainco epi th eat
toten

Odfuscace

Along can pete the vapine Dili Oboe by
rolhng Petcepeion » Ales (dlcalty 7) This peception
‘orks onan level ofthe isi

Auspex.

‘Any Kinkod sing Auipex 2 (Aura Reception) can
perceive schangelngaaaskerggaternalghsand
{Slory Tas ab oo tothe diicaty o€meepig to ead 2
hangeha?s aura. Abltoeal, a Intligence = Ocul roll
{Gil 8) allows the vote wo ecg the changing
feat sem

Drinking Changeling Blood
Fac bla acts 9 tet bllcnagen o ay Koned
king Some faded Kindtd we come onside Sa

ww,

delicacy, whle cher avo it at al cots There at alio hove
who sek it fos supoved egies powers, Some whisper i
can be wed ats component i cereaa Teme bloc ital.

The effects of drinking ne blo on Kise are variable
‘Seortlles se encouraged to ake up their one fects. sach
‘as power surges, hat rowing out of emburrasng places. oF
Fehops ovesied ear ASa genta le however, 25008 25
the vant gests the Blood, he paver eu ake Courage
sol (iicalty 3 + the qutaber of Blood Pots ingested). It
thee ar nosuccess.the vce ene the second threshold
fBedlam ce Changeling: The Deening Sond Eston
208) A botch causes the verve 1 ener the equivaene of
‘thie Bedlam a well gunn » permanent Dering
ent (Styles choice)

‘The Gmorace

Changeling offen dee' survive the tur of being
Enbraced — defies ace wily snuffed oat by che
experience. Anite a changeling ts Enbaced, the per
‘re ake a Glance ell (Gc equal eo the wep
Banaliy + 2). Only one succes is neaded to survive the
trarformaton. nowecesesae gcd hen the charters
Freie sulisforeverdeseoredond the character dies Seortell-
cemeay wish toredacethiciicuky for changes embanced
blew banal voepres paricully Kian and Malkaians

‘Avsuming he survives ony Kicain unlucky enough tobe
Enseaced is sevedinely caied by the Miss, He reverts
enuselyohls mortal seemingand loesall aces to (swell
‘metory his Acts and Bight. The foe sul within the
fnew Kinde en permanent sts, a mst wave unl the
Kindred fers Fal Death efor reinemting Some chang
Ihngicholcselieve that facie soul whose suchen
‘sever returns to this wold

'A Kihaletured- warp who iv eachance rogaine is
memories of his fe efor the duration of the enchartnen
though assoon ashe enchanrene nears the Mis quick
chen these omovies gn, An Eotraced changelog whos
‘enchanted dos not regin acceso any ofhisformer aie,
‘Aas, Binhrghtvete she sop remembers what he wed to
‘ey and shat he hat et i exchange for inna

Ouclooks

Vangie? No, 1 on' fang round ahr, hershey oe
meer a hats bola. ow cake sath
rio uth hon. Me, fever saw one, dust ther cs
rhy qk, Why? Wel, Fn ut at heen on soma at
{hk wd ce a eds,

—Gaeeth Toaoo, bgin retourint one

‘The Kiel ave she rset pune of a. Tes wepticg #0
sneer eee niher has, ond whe, hoe Howser ays
‘tk ha fe wl get one red have shared ees uh dee 09
cccaon, abla ser mad rye rete by cone. Svzean
dlcetunicadwhatle ore wihaihinn vp, howe
ny pe hs ere cally clea of ho

Draeven Soot, ca wander

TS

Ss
CAN

1,

oS

Rl

RRA

SS

‘Chapcex Four: Supporting Case

N


2Gaou in toubie

vw "panos Kin cur

Mabaiou nk vascndg wheat ide
ep
i sfmaeyaardit The
re, the
‘ty urea eal. Vanes Noh do oer. rent dy
Runcible Shaw oka ghilowopher ‘Thesestst noulliesefiheKeban nee Fann. These
Oe ai "Aino cee

Kihain and Garo ae ali bound by what some perceive
tobencoormon enemy. The Garou re feguenly embroiled a

there Fenypmaybe dhetancientfomonianenemes taken fr
ta the modern word

Dark. Hiscricenan
‘nd that he Das as
less, the wobiiey have dee

autem it a oun mea vp fading 9a poble, fan atoy should be aerved ad

have & Novfr to a every xeon! Thoaday. Heb Gefered sone ans

Kain, A at neem, thre so-called Lect are teportd on

0 hele
= srcamowssungh of Dake Dayco ay outs The etd, leprou lapines known os Blck Spa

4 sad sul doping of &s norma easence oul unfeered ments with ftons of the Shadow Coat, petoraing ite
ening
foe cold see shelf shoes. Proce eae geal a

companies nh ubosekenefomibir extent. "The Wendigo and Ubeens ate mach clover 0 the

none Thrall wan Licata ore dm sie Seton boven te Ud

ted Wenig nd Panna Sone Onrust he wea
Werewolves teen known to tecometnofred in Kuan pollic
00h

thelr own oterecine probleas were
(fle Pras te weremolvesbavedhe closers
The kihae erie eae netth® Hoare Bator rumored to have meow tp wh

area ‘ven to ing.

AY less reper pt heer of them. Thee ae there mh ny
thar the Caton pit avery from de fe when dele res of


Lindicape shi

Fianna

Therese asthe Kian ave mong the Gaon ae the
Fann Beep en ierinstack the Fare network
finds nerenbed wih charging oad hat hasbeen
[om thoughexceedngy te fr Garvan Kain (orale
‘enon abc to be een the see parents

"The Fitna know mate aber ae sche than aw other
Pris icp
sae alten welcomed
sttendioce at Fina moot. This closes of ki and sitet
bhiveledsme Kitsinaholastobeeve the the Panna were dhe
Inst radial tev dhe flo to jo the Gon

esofen the Fianna whopone ating side fom the ige
dhe Getoffentisanactshichdoesnotendeahe Cee wolves
tothe Nore coins Banna often speaks Kaa epesnt
‘veto negation, and ade nobles the sate the Cao
ation with thes boars

Durnygthe Aecardence War the Panna were apiton whom
co supp: They bad been deeng wih the eamsnoners for
enue autho is ojaes were strony Howe heck
‘emmpact th the side ade kc and to openly bp te burps,
{the end, apart fa fe skint they avoided geting
‘volved what vase co bea purl itera fe mare Asa
rele carmaners none a endl wie thems they
‘mighthave eer ithe ps The ide, however gall welcome
thei ances back so de fo

Reeerly, High Kong Dav male «puck of Fae into
ovisnalRed Bach ight andthishacassed ule ates
Conserve cen ThisPrsigal Red Boch pharkeen ive
the tk of wang out any fae-Wryt collision, an ha on
wer acne resell Ia west of how cle the
Fann to he Kia hat they wer aceonded his ance,

againse this theeat
‘When asked about che ma

Gatou often speak of the corrupted humans called fomnrithae they battle at every turn. The similaiey
between these cteatutes and Baloz One-Eye'schildcen is too sttikng co discount. Kchain who

these are che fomotians of obi, broughe into the moden wold and more dangecous than

‘Currently the nobiles i divided on the question of the fomori. Many prefer to ignore the evidence,
poincing out thac the fomortans wete ceeatutes of che Dreaming, and these ae closer to Peoigals than to
fhe. Besides, che Gatou are dealing with the peoblem. Others thiok that the Kithain should be stabilised

members of House Baloe have assured the other Kithain th
cea threat only co Prodigas, an are certain that thes ate not the ancient enemy. Afterall, ei8
duty to watch for sign of siting from the Dark

Garcahavea ootoat srom todestoy any sidheon
tad ero maim angone found i ascation with
thers. The hanna, naturally, dike auch arrose, ad thet

aged the Get
people 0 uneletingly in and
the Get isd hae ak alt of pop or a ocd

"The rexom behind the Gets hat ofthe side has
feom Jog before the Shattering. A goup of sie in the
nortan le thei owes (how dhs happened has ben at
inthe telling) and were in ned af alerate owns One da,
young aable ofa forgotten one happened pn. a tol
cussing the cracofwar with lage halon hallalf-The
tidhewatchedinamazement athe crerure site os ge
‘elf and ped into the fers, fllomed bythe to

‘The side decided that hese lege waves would ake he
perfec ours fo dhe snowy cour, if they ee popes
"nvoteled He gathered up his hos, and they tele the
Place where this sere ded with hispack Usneatange
magic essed ve grexe wea and placed he uber
sea 10 rrain atl and obedient pts fr one miles

Widh the coun of the Shaneing, che ste shandood
thei pe and le Each fr Arad The descends of thet
teherazes fond he and when the ale ofthe hewn eat
ordge ws tl che ene ibe swore a od eat of even,
‘Since then he Get havebeen uninerdly thet to she fea
Fic othe iden partic

Trolls and Nook ave lcen spared foe this cath,
‘and many Get of Fens hold eosin high reac for thei
once and ightng ability, Por thee pat, the tlle tom
between tiesof loyalty othe sdhevand thei sens of shane
attbeirlender actions The Notdie Garoacon acisonally
be found elking about "the OUI Country" with the toll,

mngiging in somestight of scengch

we had

these


RG

guests Ancieeablignices cou reqireamoteytorender aid

Kideinbaringffomoranacicy might eproch Oxo

sterce the tention of + Oct of Fees pack o Black Spiel

‘A tribe of Gacou could elie dhe character" glen of

sa with chee ninefooceal kiling-tachines, giving wp

one fal podces » arly

evita
‘eter a8 the Ki.

cxeasceulhy

Kichain with Fanos or other tribal alies could find
themes tnvaved i the constant inerteibal squabbling

Tao come |] ofthe
fron Cele stock, anche third fem che by succiaien
‘egionof France: Wheeeas one ato 1chibizen is Gare
into Raiek inh, ntl ne eed ei |] CROSSOVER Rules
dee on of 10 ds trong Gan OF he het IT Gig
the magic inthe bod iw sonrong that chance are j

caught to her by mts Many ofthese alii ca als aect
the Dreaming

Aispeace up

ior
Hood waking them 9 gly Init coment of to
oeualclate

ie

iret angina
‘Spinic Ward (Level Four Homid Gife)

‘Nunnebi and che Nacive Tides

Dreaming and abo prot
senna ind of chet

Thetwotber of Ga native tothe connnt Neh rags
‘mete du Uereatndibe Weg oe conyaedwan, Sense Che Unnarunal
ihe Nunoeh Nato eb not rho fx Neanel and (Level Tiuo Lupus Gife)
(Gatos sho dae to a tne se pct

Wohi Git sed eo decece changelings, the dificlty #9,
ich case the

t

Nuoineht

Fed) sl the land: They share far move in common han

The are the only fe, besides the

faa the oth ofthe Get of Fens. The che speracint et
oT

ell, sped

ides 7

Name che Spine (Level Thace Lupus Gite

shown a sange reluctance w engage the Nunn. Sone

«an sSencfy chimera. Ths oly works i the chimera 9

Crane eriep ina ealageene es Ales LE
Gripct Wg enndytonced dang ag pene stad Irv
{ Ntnnch. Comer the Fanos tend weet Nanoes (Level Thace Theurge Gifc)

SA) cunenpmcacrbanagyrhometi eng Tht Git low « Oa wp rae fe

AGL TRS %

ieee Scertecaeramnoan bal optarecaeeet
Ost uhe wnt ont iin eet
N Crossover Ideas G sen chinea. A Garo actively wing thi OF
ret pe ee acl omen ed hod Wy caso
Ka the bill very well. Many Garou woeki feel honoeedto eachanted.
[gpg cto aye]
A) mt ust at eis een ant Spigte Drain (Level For Theunge Gif

eon foe
TSA) call sis, to which che characters could be lavited as Ths Get wont on chnera that the Gros can pce.

S
Changing Scones Gute

ben
OR GIRATRSI IIIS


‘The Dalleable Spintec
(Level Five Theurge Gife)

‘This Gilt cam be usd ro affect chitera che Garo is
enchanted Pale ofthe Invtable, above,

Spire Fatend
{Level Thaee Children of Gala Gite)

hem ipoumyjnereuthcperkend Pe
Bough —ayerna: dear Once YY
ighovend sme ri oon

ulkest

pporeing Case


geting ell ky we Ts Ole Wali,
‘nce Pravin eine anor hep hee
tment ipllsced ns fone, Mpecaty Beye
[atiagione ed or bth) lng esc thro
pai

= living Cayboure oer mecanle

Ot te wae wee gt Ape fro be Ban,
don here nen: eo, as barge eae
YAY pethin wn nies br Kisrs he rnd ken
KRY hes rare igo oh hele mwa

raiding oraer,Oh poh end crte ees, deo

presaiers

hen we et gtr, wooo
— Runcible Shaw, pooks a lace

Blaady hits of deaths ia hey are! When they eto
14 hey con mse oe ofc pts took he «church ser.

— Jason, reskap milder

once spent a ek with a ck tha ses ja cnae she
ey. They tough we sas of te, Teak then... ther
‘Nees We faced dows ar ated same. hing don' ae
‘ehot aa, bt aan ta cAeura,endic ncn ped one of
‘ey nso ofthe socket.

Brave fat, Beau. Ths the Gano

—Jesibelle Actrus,stye mesic

‘The rable shies have enor alles see tne mene
tial, We hold she in hes eee: aa or, Ia shame
abourtke Get barperkaps hae uss...amisae Lueome chon.
tomy cour ad 0 ry Bom

— Duke Daay, House Guydion

Bone Gnawers? No, Ihave never oneof thee, Why do
soak thavemet ther Caren, and Thaveieamed mach abcat
they, but Im oe ling st

~Heavie One-Bye,sagh gr

have fonght ride Garo inthe month. Ther ferce
snsgsof toxon ad dy ave sia es Fad ony Feet
igh regard. They re nlucrt coxpanans and powered aes,
Thaw wor ar, ani aly ested cannot se

— Duke Topar, uel of Howe Ganson

‘Ages ago, the fe fist wee husans who could speak
swords thae formed new Dreams. The omer of these roel
eames feigheened many fae, bt als fscinated them. and
‘maple ef theaelves, chey tern again ard agin to al
swith he.

These wllworhersfeealty ate adivere group, anche

ina a mole have contact with only 3 few branches
Ics wich ounges, sore thee supernatural group,
that che diferent have spate relations,

During the Sundeving, but before the Shatcring, coany
foe hel thetmelven aloof fom che human eagick worker.
The prevailing atte was dha these haenane were simply

Changcting Seomycttens Guide

a3
dabble, unable o aly couch the Dreaing
‘Shattecing eae aad Glamoee fed, the common Ki
sought any sgn of mage inthe woth. Many ofthe
upon ages, alto struggling wo reste angie tthe
Many Kithain wotked with the mage, and the
the past ete quickly wiped acy. Kichain ad mig
together agnnaceneroaching Bali andthe
ral foes, Some even pooled these resources, sharing
mystical enerpes of fecholds (A stand agate the eas
‘ous Tremere vampires by 2 magefchangelng compact
‘etal i ale of the Mighty) }
Problems arose when a group of mages dedicated 103
paradigm of science and reason triumphed, impinge
static view ofthe wold on everyone. With bei in
ring, magical power alsa faded. Mages began te ec co
sources of power, seelading freehold. The mages mld
rain thew of Obinour in ordertoaddtotheitows peel
‘eager stores ofp. AU it some Kian hat se
eopoctant to suppor tei allies and allowed the denies

‘of some smaller teeholds. The rages Became erect ae
ever and began seeking out larger feehols.

nha just begun. The age
feeling thot cheit doom was igh, marshals 3s many eae
forces as they could. Ths gathering of exoures inl
taking Glamour fom the le fx sbaed feebokls The
ithain ac this ine, alveadyfigheing for thelr cw ei
foveht ick against che wllworkes. Throughour te
iances were broken, fecholds drained and et
chanted mages sent into madness (which they celerw 3
Quiet) The greatest hatte sagen the ety of Bory
where a motley of walls corpered che eramants ofan Orde
‘of Hesmey Chaneey. Wih spell breaking atc clenched
In their horn fs, they advanced. Whee the seoke bad
cleared, cae toll reaained sanding. andthe test of the
parcipantshad vanished. Wordot thicconiic speed ad
themages leaned quickly that they werenalnger elcome
in holdings

"The 20eh century has seen a eapprochersens beewcen
the Teadition mages aad the Kithass. With the renewal of
some ancient sources of Olaout, che fe ate sigh lew
Paranoid, bac they stil keep the locations offecholds scree
from all be thee most euted age allies,

When the Resurgence ocurred, the adhe wer given a
«rash eoutse in mage proficiency. Duke Aeon challenged
‘memberoftheOnderof Hermes toa duel, and His race wis
soundly eounced. Av a teal of ektmishes like this the
‘dhe have becoare very interested aking alianees with
nage, bare quite wary ofthe power they poses

Perhops the greacstehteat to the fe ae the mages
‘efered 1035 the Hidden One, sdeologeal descendents of
‘the fet werchants of Banal. Ie chet enter plan to


Drcampeakens

alytheEu


0 ERG ORO

The Nephandus Connection

oe ven magick 9c coincental ~ sce Mages The Ascen-
soo} allows a Khai toknow that a age sed Trae Magick

Ja che sity (within 10 yond). Thee o ore accesses ay

‘Shadow Coort. Even the mont hardened Unicelic
teod to repress a shudder when dealing with these

‘enowa tothe Kuan)
‘Mtaudes, insane ouages existing in ther own rely,

‘ink regularly (having no aol to lee canbe be
Ing that way) have taught afew Shadow courcer

‘Where Mare:
fers ps the Dreaming recoils sd efor in grotenave
‘shapes fleeting the mand ones! views of realty. Stange

icles song 1 rest hove
House Alli ssl eo fave an ancient Tink to

‘paved, und go 09
‘ampages of ther own. A changsliagryentec the Dream:
yt score chat his marble palace has become acwisted

these evil age.
this house can cell when a Nephandus i 49 the
Whee:

Morveder

tnouth,ehanks coche pasting 0

The Shining

changing of House Asli, chat characters layer

sige, Alternatively, the Kithaa

Resiscing Gnchanemenc

‘The mo common reason for sages and change
XY invrace woul! be wo move aint the Hidden Once Many

"There, when a changleg is attengeng
clung the rage many be able to est he ec ote
nchantient. To do x0 requires a Willpower rol for the
‘mage (culty 8) The ge us acote one wece ec

‘Ones: Mages a charging aio work together when they
have oa soca eatcicg fora poe aetok.

Mages cecanonlly find tele

tment er.

Coamenmagich

sare source, Asch, mae can cater es he power fa

. any get
log unable ta peweive the Silver Path, aad need Kuthain

Binal

Thesytemfor chit

3 This the frm

they
the Dring ell che sundae worl, an
ay help eel mages coral and aeutaie che

ceaniienapck
‘To est mage raps changing player muse ol be

a

KA

prefer tel
toc eal han man
Crossover Rules

Mages fect rsh changing i ofc het vision. The

teva po oenponry Baliye rca
teal ce ene wo
‘Dagickaily Draining Frecboids

Some ws ges wot thee ay to a Kio

Changing Seoxyeeons Guide

sabe onto one Either wy, he wage aay decide 0 iho

72>

ANA Norra PLAT A Oa

MieOhnau ton hen, singe elles anapcal dens inden Bet

(Sa aeeea premreagriierce ni mamearrongrenane

Ne eee Terelteaaeel Smug Bho A Wed ned Theo on Beal

Empire prepare ote amen deroment ie maptiry eainien

ects Sr ate Attell yeh earae a
Teeacildomnnirnyomec ae mer ay

pelle ter tere] mre ae

Se ee cl Coe oaniann

Dadra lee repo ergy gt BAR wedi tlt remrearyrmrers

TE pe rgpeeore pp gc to eine seme pcre ered

Be ee eres ete a ;
Teunmctedploincumr temo," Sree

FS hake Te aun Gucirce gs tea

Ce ee ee eae _Dnitamanbitlncton imelrbent Tha tet

cormpepelg nepatoy pene per iat

[puihing the balefice within the freehold. Any points taken eodeap gang mabe

"ower the level of the freehold may damage the freehold at the Mages. Heh, three words — Cult. Of. Ecstasy. 1 never

nhs a yi teu

SESS
RAC

Sorte daceon
rae cock cr ted mayest tyhon Canoe om Cove fit tm' fre fr at ie sem
Fn a ee es tan Gn av mre ove Ont Ye
ay dangingwncergsmey dace ual TEA Men ts er iw

elton gaat wha any Kan consensus
Ea caceattece to in Clam srl on a, Thtmap han red hh since wel, They apt
BSuiitpapringsteallatodebe Theemssualk eimai, nodes dy wk ech as fs
Freie lrdecweeherybreveiesheywllceraily rap, fete, ond ht mokes me ly fog

beri hes wHleels te die Onc and tt twa he, ba rl cnn of

tok
heen owing ther duo on howe,
Spinic Sphere Qe ak How Fe

ite de Endo Te drags he 2 of

"The phere of magick dealing wth Spies lower che
Drening tarhingien places Mager who areprtiietin his (Besides seamg he ales ot ofthe side). May mags hove
cenesie Wray, ond ac melas ho ales and conse woh

perc canoe to perceive ae aft che Desig
hoya ath one Stn Spt can cere cover baag. Dow's og abn he ese of eps hgh

sence iKethainby olinghis Arce (dshasty?). Toperceve — — Heather, ten Goth

GelocI New Dreaing.thetage mat vl Arce (iBeulyS). ——Themagsareaforecformagicin the weld. Esha we satort

Iahemuge mia toicinan areforaKithain presence, aguas gem The mage famger for power Inhofe em, Sone

Peed eaten ial fectue ner nt wen ay of ae
Veto: Drone ou alse Tad, Teo Trae
Changeting-CDagi sin Tee ec se pet erersithy ops.

‘Changelingscannacue ive Magic, beensethefscwoul "Dyke Tops wl of Howe Gurion,
Inhabtingthechanglings body has forced the huna's Ava cn re
Shino remanent umber, aking  sapoaible eC C Uraichs

Aualen

"The Kthin hve the east contact wth he pes che

Leche ee SE ecened refered ta the Rese Ded. Fr way season

‘nage whohas encountered thefheintberaemaysse mew changeigs shun wath. 1's one ching to tak co a

‘hei pesence whan Aarne al iis 9) ara « werewolf ora wid but goss are en another
Iter otey ith thee.

Ouclooks ‘Many she aze tered of anthing relating 0 eat

‘Wad Neer mene es hr sone ety bt They wai aancedetable remines that hurans 2
Feporaypyeclanegtdoduchaneramglcain i coven pt deat, but no ne Lows what gps when a
Now mow a ethos cep Sede Many commons oe sper and remeabet

wrmeth Toudool beggin revucant owner the ld tore tou ghony etn, fen cig them as

Cua Dey ai Hebets, bb
nd weve sos of fit don, The Deanne Ching re deed: Ghost stores ol at deere
re pln lll

Chaprer Four: Supposcing Case 9



Bcceover Rules Ghosts, wrais, spooks, whatever the mongers ave called

{dtc n't ners oneal eb esr
BScanh Percepcions Pest ene aoe only cry aan

D_erktioea rah aduaghocmlen ection Tene Cnbone sks mde i)
"Kewingtel italy 9} Tolar a wrth ibecharctar Oot Whe she ere add tof emconig YVAY
featpen!s pant cf Oso stds. Booo-nng. Thee are fe who enn good 69)

pester enct 1) eepirateny ai
Keening oper
Bol Ae gna ae es pear sires Rr me
‘txyer. Changelings are afiected by this power more ensily than ‘One thing's for sure, ya can't bite ‘em.
Se Antcainimientahaginetsinaticdy — — Ont rea chiog
Beier nsospucyeaaVessen carn giee) Clay he ranean i ee
Pace SecnctCttcc ceebieone Ferenc) Novso~ ont fsinre
fesees rol yt crush cee Keeueg oe icy = Pllpr No een

Vea

Remo Rend orohoel by oe irc Trem nn
q undersuanding. No ane knows what &s beyond death, No, I'd i
Pandemonium ely soe Yo ce vt

The elects ofthis wraicly power often extend into the "Baron Bagewick, sche

‘Near Dreaming. The chiroencal effects created bythe ust of Thearengemens between ou

thi powercan be qute disturbing not wo mention dangerous mater for publ dcasien — you ds andertand,of couse?

toany Kithain nce vey ove found fw ays more sang and ass (0 et df

tested compar by spl sig ap aconersation with she

Outlooks ose aho's tng ase betas sow
(Gi) G show Nope, reverse one adhe verde, Ae —Ebspeth Danvers, sluagh keeper of antiquities

sha Uwe uh sonar ae we. ‘The Reses Dead chil even my Bones. [ed eo stey ney
Gareth Toastoo, toga resourant omnet Jomtien Some, however, ae warns who need tase des
‘The Retess Dea sedk.a way oleave dct nes behind. Many of homer. These spins 1 would ai.

simply needa haljng hand and ekoover ws oau hve who — Orteme Theroshild ell warrior

‘ik pte



nos, things look re

‘Chapces Five: Orr Piaces, Oehes Dreams



"ec, Bat darks eins —tve darkness, real darkness,
feof velvec curtain that rapes ivelf over the land —and
Pehl majesy of the wig sky is eveales

Regus of whether our rr seeing sleepy Back-
‘ends Maine town oraGhng village onthe coast Scola,
Abou explore Use way cho locals deal wt ech ther ad
th onsen

Everyone Knows Bveryne Eke — Or At Least, They
Think They Do

Ruel communities are seal There's no sls no oe
las no bones of nameless rangers. Not ols dors everyone
Ano your face, but hey know your nae, yor fam history,
tad probably 9 le of entarrasng information that you'd
‘her thy din, tn act, people can go miwing and not be
cen such for ahi sathe counts, people wonder ight
‘gr FOLUMcSpotsntuewalkingGripperat ak past i,
Tabs don every iy free lat 2 eo Inche cy people
five in and dont attract much attention: however they
Aco the far of interest inte country. A Tore nets.
‘When you de somthing people are pong 0 know abot
‘And they tall shou it. Ao rot ky er — wel
tlhe the rime the ston heen rl the fit 15 ies

Gonip iva poner ool Mach fhe te, the social
Hse char binds communities topethe, keeping people touch
‘uth the comings ad gongs of ts member Bu on ecasion,
Ircanea deadly and unplessant seapoa thachas driven ane
sve the Bek of despa City ehangelogs wight be oe
{guntatd sith whispering campaigas 259 oo of cours pol:
‘hes bur in orl ae, gossip prone Other gps of
palickng ave greatly redced, ss many have fund to thelr
fost fale Kthao, born understands est (hows
Shagh nc eb, with cei love of ales come aces second}
tnd end to ave ouch influence to these ral communis:

"Therefore, county chronicles deyeive the Storeler of
veple of World of Darknew toes, namely, the Faceless
View. Most commonly, heistheol wap the vamp dns
Aryand dics when the Seorytller eae br bothered play
fata hunt scene, or he tthe innocent sbopper the rede
Ravages when aguck'n diay fixof Glamour regard, orhe
ikanameess writer desperately cteing out words ro sage
the weat god Dedym Although Changeling aces sme way
rowan! lesensag this prblea with ts detaled stems fot
‘bening Olamoer,chere ill he tempation coe ehappen
the background while the roup concentaeson seth
moe relevant" This nota opto 9 wea cron
since everyone new any ety nbehasioe—adsappear-
nce asuge orp increatsty—ts picked ypon needy
tnd doce bd closed doors and weed backs, You ct
te this wo show characters the cowsequencs of cet actions
aude addanex eve afemotiona depth the or, belping
‘make chaacrezfeel hoe they ean eg and dyearn Ft
fa greater bachtog tht aks and alae to thee actions

And, ofcouse,the decepive powerof sip makes teas
(should you besoinetned tothe ong people to her about
the desde ofa carlos changling.

Chapcer Five: Oxhex Places, Ocher Dacor

TOA
Te Runs in che Family

Most ull communi: have ne o wo amie whose
fingers are fniy suck in every pie, and they are usually
fidaling wound widh the ingredient, Landowners, fe
hands copenterselectcians,publndlons fshermen an
extended closet net ofthe sate, husbands, coun
‘ees aed uncles east all tou torn. The eter of mh
gone, dey have sway in communiny ais and ae fecly
Toy to one another. The sate of which depend on thet
reputanons:"Thase dann Carmichael! Thick thieves, the
lot of chem — did you know young Caradoc was up fo asl?
‘Well hey ll sore Mid hed neve set foot he Cee hat
ght Bvenchoagh my Doge sah goings here we hae
‘hig rife im his bel!" Ax opposed tor "Ah, the young
Cansichae's a rogue all ght: Always in rouble, poo lad —
bear theyre arto pin the wouble up ac the Laster Cael
‘nie! Aye looking ascapegsi, 0 they ae — an this is
only Becaise he's a Canichoel They should ge solving
sonve proper cine' end leave hs lone"

Fanilp menersace quite prepared oh, cheatorstealo
look cut or chet ow. and although i's acepeale vo quel
Ingreaes the lays presen ued ont in public H'snot
‘goo dea to get on one's a desing, Ue 8 wap nest,
‘won't belong befcealof them getinvolve.Andthen ec
set very dieu

"This sation becomes bie for changelings i one sa
rember ofa prominene fel. If the changeling lol
‘meroberofcout bot high inthe esemnofene ofthese fanilies,
thes hs pee may teat hin with ahigh ete of ropect, not
wshicg to eeu the enmity of his relatives, Pea the
changeling enjoys 9 postion at court bused on his mortal
Dhentage rather than oe merc x experience, which can hea
motivating factor nes if characters ater to manent
someone whe is better ited tothe poston (ad mone
earesting) sa charac the undeservie por

‘Anorter approach iste decide dha such 9 seuation
iter the traditional changcling power sruecre and to
‘aloe someching ueigu to the iesle — for example, a
Mafllike changeling hose members and thee
chosen ae the cue welders of power ora couetiserictane
In which nobiley spurred by blood ees oa fal rather
‘han membership in 2 house

(Demoay Has a Very Long Reach

‘Cap ena hac event of the din and dint pst —
evens the woud uty vanithe no bs cre
tee-aretopeveyimch inmind A end ofa trem
Serenjeacold witha ecru onan ob 0 hi
den sil abaya Len "the wee boy who ll down the
than" Tusmenorysoetches bork genenten bette
feupeens, pea panipenn ad aber lata, tbe
‘des des poets ahead he pee pete
ton

Chance ac ed acento des pert hy
chet ancenos wheter hoe desarnbleceou and hey



Taber than je couering them with ples (and their
hance

¥ coune, you mustn't have your mentor or Seortller
shasce perpetually onband co ake thingsenie oe pape
~ sive the scene formation so they el confor,
thea jotch thee hanly resource aay: They should know
fag ot to be overuhcloned by the foreign ccvironoent,
Ieceverthicg gogo gece, ech hone

"Ta eatin call become the ges a asta at. o¢
{ese schorcters ry to work cat what as happened,
foto cope with the keab and how to getheie mentor back.

‘Stee cen come frou shokwaves produced by the po
ech cenh of ewo cultures meeting headon. As well a:
Iodangin comic posible, eros tines be explored
{ee best fall serio poins one rmade by hoengtn). How
vole conorcloving, stayathome boggan react co bene
ied ona wi goose, or uncer, chase by ome iineant
seer of alfaruathe! Whac happens coe oat-conec tye
inen ile cole? Would female sbi ro beingcovered
in fige-obceeing robes that punk demands? Ca all
Impreviare and accept other exltres concept of hore aad
Ait, no mate ow rade they ile tom hs owe?

Letng players creat charters native toahercultresis
scl, bt rewarding. Mach tie is demanded of evervane
Inch woape. ay te bude of research ills om everyone, not
fst he Stoytle. Shing ino the mdse ofa Morocean
rman i techy, bat if you ean wanspeve yourself inc the
Forage of an eight-foot tall gant dg ith horns and a
tempt, snot going eo be posable, Creating the eight
Inches ie che ging aten by using poster, postcards,
Ince, asic and ound feces helps a great dal evoking
sting. Ths t move conde a accomplish the reqced
roca genaicics Ain, ving someone nthe toupe who
die expecence with — or a east an interest inthe
dren eng is conser help,

Ant the wo ocales describe keto the keyrousing
an exotic cation io show players whae makes che seting
‘rene fom the oral enero your game en oes
thowe dfleences. I's all oo easy to wl ee tame oll soe
apse a vartane backdrop — aves this tendency at al costs
Flore totake advantage fhe cultural dence eens the
culture and the gane- Afr al, unless you do something
erent what the pine?

Research scucah although remeseher that you ares
Ingo evoke fel and eo contre upa sense oftime and ple.
‘Whale acuracy an inportantelemeet in undeepncug this
lc, bt the cus Myth and lege geo fo, aad ce
leaped by, ealty — rather than bet stajacketed by.
Feelsevembing the olor ander storisotothereutres
ate cure wef chan a cupboard of Fader' gids. However,
wnthecnse ingune boron ame sone soulrenot 6
oaks through afew books INBIG'TYPE wih ots of phrurs
and chen become eexgclly endowed with the aby to con
stevens enjoyable genes. Oho. Ms andlegendsare
‘oot in hei cates asd Changeling rooted not on 18

Ye)

i

Ny
is

‘ayth bein coneropormy cltre — and inthe synthesis of
thew.

During esearch and preparation, conser how the leg
end youvedcorered mo toy' society andbow thesve
‘aap to this tooder age athe a adapts to Baal 0c)
<dscovered the Changeling Way. Fr sence, becuse of the
amraistic component f Shinzo. ou decide tha the pee-
ondkeance of Inanee nthe couney ue nach Nghe the
‘hewherc ad chat Banat iseducedfot Toansnae cechange
ling magic or interactions Sevoving them. The shape aod
‘ganaerians taken by the Irene canbe based on arckent
folbloe on she made dros of he manga coms

‘A dicoice stn Awl, veabile, might incorpo
‘ate the Dreaorine mths of the Akigine people given
that Dyewo Tracks — the yraning aces om ld te show
thetoutsthacehe Ancestal Beingsoncesalied sect eat
iesportance. Treds might asute greater sgnicance al be
‘come capable ofa mnch wider range of feces than ther ore
‘Westen counceparts. Mee Drea Track ate walked othe
<omect Dre sites and the comet ceremonies te pet=
‘ered, you might allow characters to resi an apprepioe
amount ef Glamour, Baul Ioanknae might be more pane
fal sho noes ac Dreaming sites, bere cesta rocks, es,
‘orother natural featuresaze places where the Ancestal Being,
‘Sec inthe euch. And i they ean be append, they might
become a source of guidance o sanctuary for characte

‘You don't need to go pobetroting to find strange and
nwa forges, Pac down the book, get out othe howe,

ke awakaroaal von. Aerecan bean exotic sete
‘you Took at with fesh penpecive,

The Dreaming,

Scop

Put the hook down onthe flor. Cros your even tnd
‘on your head and keep eeading. Ths che best way to get
the feel of aneing a chronicle in che Dearing. Games
the Decarong un one ofthe fundomertaences of Change
ling upside-down. No longer do characters hate to woery
atout the gnawing erosion of chet Glamour by the on:
Sag of Banal rscead, hey as steve to hold on 0
theie mortal essences, fest the madness of Glamour ends
thee shucking into Bedlam

‘The Dreaming i a dangerous and difisle a place foe
<changelingsanthe mde world The ntute ofthe danger
fnay be different hee, but it sa real danger (hough mote
{nsidious than Banality since plays on the changelng's
Shere nature). Jes easy co spor the signs of Berality ta
‘once, br the ety signs of Bedlam bee the dstinctoes
between chieserial and mundane realty — a tinction
that is cenaous foe maar chongsings. And fa character
feet remain ie the Dreasing, where chitntial eality
aleeady holds say.

The foe chat the eeale's changelngs ae caught co
regard the Dreaming 26 thee spincual home is as fall of
dling ar the toundane reality that irpriaans thee. The

101

Chapcer Fine: Oxher Places, Octier Drcarne


re"

A
vA

‘woth where they were born gradually erodes thei faerie
acute wil only dim husk of uocalitycematns; thet
fncient homelands dive them mad. Changelings have no
Fhome,no place that wholly heirs They are part ofneither
‘oe thing not the other and they mast walle alone on the
path that meanders through the valley between the ev0.
‘Changeling ate lke childen standing the an ith chet
faces pressed against the cold gas ofa ty-shop window.
They are able co se the bright uensures sparkling within,
et chy know wich a dull cereainey sha they wll neve be
Allowed inside

However thisasect doesn't meanyourcheonele should
degenerate into « eioni eres of warpiv-eaque angst
fers n wich each player strives to outdo the others
Alspays of walling ceth-gnoshing ond chese-beating, The
roood of quiet eagedy and the ache of lost and longing
should inf the game and give it nobility and a pot
smancy. To induce the mood siccenlly, don' force it
‘down plate collective theo, and chey wil realize ie by
themselves. And the inpace wl be lmeanraby greater

‘Cheonieles get in the Dreaming ate suited so eoore
fantastical stces than theie mundane counterparts. The
Dreaming is a vivid, ealethan-real place with the v-
brane ofan anieated cartoon. This correlation shoul'
ely hat che Deesning i a pute comico iasltingly
timpliaic enviconment, but that they have qualities in
fomnnon: boldnes in color, clalty of definition, and a
tendency to exaggerate and empbasie che characteristics of
‘es sokabiants. Bentilthings become mote beau
ugly things become uglier — thee is ao middle ground, no
blandnes, You can ne this effect vo subtly sate the real
‘nl (and even eal fe) especially inthe distorting itor
ofthe Nene Dentin.

‘Chimera tendo playa lager pare in stores since the
Dreaming ute cauldron iaginatin io which they boll
Iwashere also that those chimera chat ata sentence and
selfanatenes fie 19 eseape Banaiey and Bind pace to
carryout their ow agendas. Such chimera can be used ak
tmajor antagonist in story (a seucling host of gigantic
sper things infesting the woods neat a Geebal, for ex
‘opl).Vllis such as these erry an inherent pathos with
them, for cher are like changelings" creatures of dreans,
tract Kino chem chan most of humanity, In wor charac:
ters are crgling against their om kind.

As one tives further into the Dreaming, logic and
common sete erode wil n the shifting psychoscapes of
the Far and Deep Dreaming, they break dont ently. I
oie ale characters here, dons indulge sm pointless so
reals or the sake of (kes yout deliberately trying to
tote or iitte). Ure he nature of the Oresming to explore
characters" personal themes ina subtle and unforced ay.
Since itis the realn of dream and nighemares and change:
lings ae cteautes of deeam and inspiation, the Dreaming
reflects thei ere nature the father in chy go. Chimera
(ymbolial, but canerete representations of inet states)

Ra

Changeling Seonyetlons Guide

ace frequent birthed round he changelingsin
thoughts, atlas, hopes or Fears. Uliatey,
fears and deeds exerese a real and physical change ithe

Thisconcepeofexteralzationcan beat your
core, Reworking the Euer-King myth ls 900d ex
‘The kingdoo'sfreeholls have became strange and et
places: monuerouschine the lad unchecked tbe
feople grow violent asthe nobility retest to pevate chase
ers Brod. The characters ion dacover the reo ie
the kingdoa's decline: The king hos succumbed t Bela,
‘vanishing into the hear ofthe Dreaing, His madness is
infected the realm, shaping (into a teeible model oft
cownshattered ef, Torestore the kingdooy, the king athe
Dretledandcharscters most eeorehimbyencounteringaed
Aefeacing (not necesaly cheough force of as) hig
demons, those ofthe kingdom — and cheir own.

‘Or pethaps che character are themlves cteaats of
Bedlam and ate livig i afeehold deep in the Deeamig
fiom which acces to mundane reality posible only a
certain cies, Leis thee velEappointed mission, whetet
fom misguided altruism of fom 2 darker motive, to bog
some brighe-eyed wonder of che fae back to a world that
‘ejected tong ago, Teit Lives are even more delicate snd
dlangerou than thoe of normal chaogelings, fo they ens
‘be cael to let jst enough Banaity scar them. If nt
nothing stops chem fom siding into che unthinking tat.
ality of Beda' final theabol A crue Strytelle sick
to pll ac che end ofthis chtonice i 0 eead a concluding
monaloge inche styl of wpsychologa's case notes recom
tending tac charactees be commited forever at thelr
problems appear incurable. Let players wonder ifany off
actually happened. Were they really playing lunates after
all..?Note that he author bears no responsibil fori
tes inlcted by dagrncle ples

‘When sunsog Dreaming chronicles, eet the temper:
tion to reduce the fount of al exeativity to a sub-Ditney
‘Techaicolor playground of animate toys and gungetbread
towns. There's an incident in CS Lewis? Voyage of te Dawn
"Tweader so which the heroes encounter a ragaed man who
tells them, in a voice shaken by fear that they ate about co
center che wean shete dreams come te. Unable to undet-
stand his tetor, they delighted speculate about the won
dete co come until dhe man shrieks out thot eis noe thee
daydteas chat come ee hte br thee dreams. And all
fonce, the heroes' mth fades at they remember, cally
tere, things that have stalked thelr slumber — the
things that cannoc be contolled.

‘The Dreaming sa marvelous place. But noe all marvels
are wholly pleasant, aor ae they mawksh o sencieretal
‘And chonlcles shouldbe, echt.


Niaz


Hiscorical


Ravaging



Di eo sas cas vest
Segre Eee
ee eer
Fe er rpasioee
pe eet rember
Bees roe ce
es es
_Durginanle tore arr
ee aes
eee
ee ee Ned
Se ee i iad a tale
eee
ees
sgerymrpinte lca eee
Piers pe cease
or aa ecto raed
re ery aa gee
Ben rere tor ote amie
Bee ae tran eee
eres aren
eee reba pre pennherren
hen ateecernemne
Sen esac
eer pe pect elon
pares eeeremnere tere
recliner reper
ape flompertonateeeetmmend
SS ee cccneis
eee epee
_eoeleiapeg pone
sortase aco ta na aod
Ferre ere eee
rae cement
eee eee cs
ae geclee ag epee
Ki te a ee
sere egy mec aa
phe aa ele eae
Sees aoa
een cont ne
ee ee caress mie

Tea,
RAAT

Cheaper Five: Ocher Place, Oxher Drcome

ig
(53)

the Underworld. The hero's journey in its ost viscera
fore, and the soey of changeings questing for a way 20
return o Arcadia-— what mote could youweat inachroniclel
‘Ansirers ona postcard

"The beauty ofthe Ancient Worlds that you needs
make your chronicle a worehy series of history lectures
feebly diguled asa roleplaying gate. Greek and Roman
rnyths ate prety eambunctious as they ar, and s you ae
{nelined it doesn ke mach work to play them for ugh
{(Ghe Monty Python group demonstrated this mccenfely
jee Brien and Frankie Howard wich the Up Ponpeserie.
"Titer ye not). Towatd the end the period. story eee
‘to join in the gome and peovle another seam — wos
Caligula' horse cons eally pooks vp toe good! What
rocker dreamed up the Wooden Hote of Tros? Did 9
‘Sympathetic es ake pity on Scheherazade

"The quewing moti & significant, as 4 9 eepeaced
haoeghour cultures andhasareate importance tchange-
Tings Ques area way of iocoverng the word the sel ond
away for changelings co be accepted back into thei lot
home. The Greco-Roman tales balance and contose thie
comic elerents with lavish helpings of uagedy — some-
times nthe ome wor. Focusingon oneor the other propels
the game toward elther pathos oe boredor. Scrive to incor
porate many elements to round ove the experience for
players eaeedns be an exact, atbemaical proces: you
Jrve need to have one funny scene for every heavy-duty
fangs showeate,One tone should domsnace with variations
keep players awake and interest high (keeping players
‘enthused i one of those hon old eaditions from the dawn
‘Stroleplayng that the author nay believesis0 Very Good
Teo, along with bnbing the Storyteller and fee pia).

‘A legend thac combines quest, comic and tragedy is
Homer's Odyssey. Ospseus/Ulsed 10-year wanderings
aight be aquest undertake. in che Dreaming isl, with
pomedil magicians nd witches, gods, and moniter (and
the length of time over which the sory tkes place). And
the TV shows Heres: The Legendary Journeys and Xena
‘Weamnor Princess convey the ideals of an Ancient Woeld
[Changeling game. Both stress color and exciteent over
rit-picky historical accuracy, and both ae homorous while
Twinging dark advesares and bone-crunching ation.

‘Chinete mythology and coilization offera change fom
‘Western sources. Although just as Gll of violence and
tbuman folle, tere sa certain delicacy to many Chinese
tales Make your stories ore obviously parables or ales
‘es chan normal to rele ths atabue. Further. asente of
restey ad spurtualiy perteatsthe Chinese culture, even
{a thowe area where Banalty might bs expected to be high
‘The civil service (bureaucracy was an ancient Chinete
innovation) was inexerably bound withthe teachings of
CConfactes, and even mathesutics und astronomy were ce
pred es at athe han selene.

etapa the moxe important feacue of Chinese lege is
the fascinasion nth dragons — the Au. Unlike Weseen

i

10



tore than the

‘Why shoul che "bev of legend berlegateeothe ole
flaerng, roaring cannon fader fr befos who want exer
‘efor over greased wonder? These wosty of pesonal
iyat let, andieneadn'tbecheboaryoldstereorype thacoter
toothy well-patrecement ape Let chatacters ty
lain the comand dragon who jure wants tobe fen wth
seple ("Ea a helpless young aiden? Bat anc atthe very
elf blood! Oh, ve gone all diny..youheartess moses!
Oh ny por heart") to «horde of peaunts determined >
Fave its hea Othe unico who prefers mal virgins. Ora
scholarly gofon with penchant for waiting lng, and very
tad ety who js happened eal in love wih he abbots
Anughter-

‘Adsl they andthe fa orebot fading. andchangeings
may share more tn common wich these socalled "monster"
than they do sith any meal folk. Use chs aspect co cecate
Tukingatmoupher of prospective tragedy ofthingscoming
amend, of beng lo without mourning — an oerinous fore
thadowing of coming derten. Many in the Middle Ages
Telived they were hing in the Biblical end-ines and that
Arman as ast fe yeas the tre This ele as
nino silence forthe fete al at he end of che
Midile Ages, they undergo a sor of Armageddon as che
Shotterng overtakes hea al

a ew ae

— Londo Moll Babylon $

For the fe, the Renatsnce the beginning of he ed
because the Shrterng fell othundebok For hum.
isa rei, ehough one that has ts geveaion inthe Mile
Ages

Hiuran scholars moved avay fom under the auspces of
‘heChuwchasthey were eo longer content withthe Caen
roodel of histery, This mee began wit che Creation, Chen
reached a senih wih the eahly incarnation of Chis, and
ded in she all-consuming five of Amapedidca. Historians
developed a view thc vale the literature and achieveents
of past ctlizacions on thie mest sther than as enlist
roents or cautionary rings fr the Judeo-Chrstian ta
tion. Nolonger were the anciens derided as babarous sages
they were enced athe prosperous people ofa vanted
Golden Ag, those tobe bel upas examples inthe new age of
enlightenment tharcheyelieved heme veto be ubering i
Perfection and rainingofthe bd was encouraged in aster
cf-bomanistie"edbearion chat wat Jsigned produce his
‘ng. questioning, roundedbeings ater thansuhverint monks
ct duifl elegy Ata insiturion, the Church was becoming
Increasingly concerned with seculatisusand being spall
frlevant athe mete. Learned ad worthy men debates
regarding the pos God being able to zante Him

Chepcer Five: Ocher Placee. Orher Drcams 109



Ishac genuine picacy isa lsh af orpesonal gan.)
somutiny revolution and oher plc matters have patho
todo with he average pte, Thepicalone fir to enable
to ge involved fa that kindof thing. Government, while
trdtomally not Bodies een to cultivate this Kind of fie
‘inking eter among iter, dcourage the practice by
secerpreting the definition of pecy to mean thac a pirate
ott che legal system of sy inal country — and
hoe any country can, ehetefore, aes the offence ship, ey
thecrew and dowbatever the county desta peopleledoes't
lie very ouch

So much forthe erie. What about ehe cel
privateers the bold buccaneers, the proverbial
OF those terms accurately describes the mot
‘cumstances ofan indivdua'sinvoleement
"Pirate" wos » catchall ter that took
salled under Capeain Death, the Joll
‘say governments were concerned there
tbeoween pate, buccancers or privaters. Many ptses
were actully the disbanded crew members ofthe naval
‘eels from the was chat pockmuatked the closing yeas of
‘he Renaissance. Unwillingto tolerate the crultyfor which
foveal navies were notrius, they bought (or stole ships
and et out to make their way in the wold

als the
Each
and

rvateors were ples with » lcense. Noe quite wa
rte, renee fee went om pate to pevatet and vice
‘er, as it stuck cei fancy (or saved there skis). Gove

‘mentsand ge pevateorpactiosbitedthe crew to perm
2 particular dt soc as obtaining saves oe some ie exec
‘commodity, rvateet were sometines corpnatoned ding

‘eartime robe vroal mercenaces, enjoying the peotston ot UB

the eaten exchange forootng ls enerles —and a hae of
the Booy. The peentees nurtions were ued the ors
‘of Lecter of Maur and were lee vague enough 4 that the
ren couldnt reslucely ere theo. Therefore, the piva

teers could acquit that might have only aloo connec
tion to che comiuion's tontuctions. In mony eases, che
vateesgnoted the Marge and ddl whacver they pleated

‘Sethe eae op with avenive interpretation that coctited
‘ofhacking anyone tobe wholooked wnt atthe ship the wee
‘way. Ofcourse, this vagueness and lovenes of connection
‘ere the bes fterest ofl concerned, since de organs

tion cesponbe fr using the Marque could deny antes 0
mater the peivateers are resporble for. (Rocher lke gov-
ernment of today.) In another eece gn with oder



Pea tencttee tenes
"Plreechsecters between rake There isa cena vibrancy, color
i eee
ere er alee
ee ee ee ee mln
| ele epeetrreereent
eee en
erent
Jeers

retocol
Ti fee cpt
sonmanderents

oot crew tesponntilies and punish
of the Articles

A abip Kas potions of cesponibiiey, though they
aen'e avomaticalle postions of power. Piste are aot
Traowfoctheirenthestam for authoney —the cruel resine

‘onboard ficial naval sels was known co dee honest en
to pacy —and has power wa slit berwsen several ri
retin. Myo

or power ping

fue chese sea of authority to te. The ewo hie potion of
‘esporsiblyon ship, open ar quareroastet, were
cally electedby thecrexbasedon taisesmentethow wllthe
anddate would perform inthe ole Thecaptainwastaccian
and acl commande, and to keep the position, he ha tobe
‘onalitenly sill rave ond talened ae bag boty. The
capena was che absolute unuestioned authority unngetce
clydag-coday decisions involved widh easing a ship were
slther the responily of thers (che casters ot bat
sain oc putoa vote Navigation, unig nd lation ofa
‘were thus aint declan ofall crew, but was expected hat
the captain propose the ajrity of tak aa deal choi
plana and execurion. If ends went consitendy bad, the
‘aptaln was voted out and chown ff the ship. reduce in
stats toa onary ctw eee

‘The quartermaster' rncipal concerns were
Aistbuton. He upliedrasions, shor, and powder; hedisb-
‘uted boty aod punabeeene when regute. The quarters
Ted boarding pasties and decided wha was worth
leotd vessels an be was esponite — under supervision af
the crew — for the storage of booty and dhe prcling ou of
shares (according 10 the tens Laid dowe in the Arles
Towering, the quartermaster was the only cree member
allowed toadiister pusishanent. The captain could oder a
punishment co be meted out (an otder that coal be ut to
ote), ut sf the quasternasterveteed the one, there was
nothing tobe done. Punthments were thus equted 10 be
endowed by atleast a ere persons — fr cy feo the
bites whi of captains the formal macs f the te

Purichmenes commonly indicted on eran: cre includ
rmarooning, which «somewhat removed fom the visions
conjured yp by literature: piaes were at leon lage sands
with lene of romsions but eaken to tiny stip land. They
swore ith acanten of water and gu and shot — shoal
thes wash eo end the torment quickly. Moses" Law fet
lathes). kecthoulig. and death wee other bal pushes
that were preserves ofthe aay,

‘Mines though notable, positions were the maser caren
tera wes reap for the ship's struct intepty the
furor, who maintained the cannons and weaponry and the
brawn whose dates were to ments the Hibs
‘se the sls and ig the Mags

Ubiace resources for gxoes raking place in dhs peed
ate Pur Pan, seul, andthe Moni Ma ee of oe
puter games, which ae imeligen, beauty amos,
and upresnouly fanny. Anything dat encsapases these
uaitsisirumedately worhy of cterion

aw

ig

y)
Ya


A fanny eh about the wold jase afer the invention of

photograph: ewascemade,inbick whi. toive orev
Notinamoraloreiclchivoseuo,buescheomaticone, and
‘the colors shine through ll dhe beghter besa of Blacks
fare Backer, whites ace whit, After Queen Vitor' coal
endorsement ofthe new tchnalory, prow sy be
«ame fichionable ana poopy of iagessureveodepether
‘wold and empire. The Vieertan er es maze one. We ee

people tfollies and ung: preserved in monochowe
means Its theft gene of histor falas 0 Yt
fsalo sang, a is rade dst by che gl of year.

‘A chionile set in this age ean exploit ehis wealth of
Jager and of docemented hitory (not to mention ofthe
fovelt of che time). Ie allows player to find something
familiar eo give them a route sto thelr chatacters and the
tame, while the ditance of ine gives ean electc edge of
mystery and romance. Like che hand-tating of @ mono:
cheome phorogeaph,changelings bing olor toe gra that
seéfes our moiern age

‘The popelar conception of Victorian toes 4 one of
loltion, ofmorésand manne ofrsaineandceinement.
Yes ths inerpretacon only one faceoff mo compli

nd ungleasane tine, Meder palicions often speak of
‘return eo "Vitoria vals" as they were some magical
talisman ofcvlied safety and morality. But crotch way the
lvl veneer and a nasin's appa. Under the sce,
prostiution and pornagrephy peolerated, Chill prvi
twee commonplace, and chey were equal solicited by the
sme men who condemned them in pblic. Murder and crive
"ats were high, and police smecimes chose nt to inal in
the poor law-cla resumes, like she Whitechapel murders
(che infamous Ripper case), chy were "expose inthe popula
press. Oueward devoutness concetled a Church becoming
neers nce again with seul afar, while the pacuo-
religious pretice of Spiral ouhed, convincing many
(Gncling several fanous ndoiduals) that che dead were in
contr withthe living

‘Avoid this socal hypocrs, she distinctions between the
ich and the poor became more clearly defied. The have
beewoentheswo gre higheraswel.siebstialiation ge,
‘conditions for worker deteoented badly, Disense and death
reigned, tothe supreme inference ofthe ealing and pelt!
claves; workers were a reuree to be expllted like any other
{some eld the opinion thatthe ow ls weren'teven haan
all) Where hen i the plac for changligs?

‘There were those who dress sha tings couldbe bere,
Edwin Chadck na John Felden fctoy owes and ind
ils sought to ingore conditions or hee worker. Whit
inspired them Whar rade ees pa attention tothe plight of
their exployees? Perhaps your chonicle can answer these
gestions © characters awaken 29 thet mature AO the
"rdgery of working le and downvtodden sols (and their
hope and sptntins) around her. Chronicles ean explore

‘he class Bates and che soley tha averse to hem They
‘2 look for common ground an wa c reach i eting
‘hrcters cape tek fil suroundngs fd those |
‘espe them co begin che proces of improvement

New steam ress technologe helped polp tonsa
cheap newspapers achieve widespread consumption, at
reporters and novelistsused helrauience ro fore eco
tion co the underelas' plight, oe to expose the «andes
behavior ofthe uppercrst Poplar wners such os Dicks,
‘ured co ead from theie novels to packed aucenct

‘A elated posite but ighterin tone sto esta
ters aveliny euskal at, Muse alls were pour
feotte of 1ch-century life and a necesaryexape, thu ie
fie they were considered beneath the atenion of "ero
society and meal reformers commented onthe hal! exe
sive and iemoral promotion of deunkennes, obser,
sects" This*oromentary"didnothing wo diiishsten-
ance i probably aecomplihed ule the oppose.

‘Commercial forces eventually brouhe che acts fa
{he feeand-caier tothe suburb ond the allsbecome pane
the process. Acts ranged fom musiians, ogni
anulcomedins the varierycheulrwastheongaation fst
Uupcomedy) to arokas, medium, and mack ght Plyescan
have oathices or tavelingmeieys make up tel estouage
peliies can arise fom the intrigues Beeween the "highbsow"
‘na "populist acts a well x between the pefonmers wd the
backstage crew. Working out he details of the ac) dt
rity equtemens fr the game — nechingele hike ft bulls
and encourages pre-game charactetition,enthusasn ed
research. And how des the press and audience react pes
roanees that are liealy magical? Do che changeling eve
legacy of hope behind or do chy cruelly mnt the dowd
den with a glinge of woreda wonder thac they never
seeagain?

Chronicles set i places other than Europe (and par
ticularly Britain) can ighlight chese nation ingrained
snpogance, Some fry believed in White Mars Burden —
thar they had a God-given charge to seek our new couetele
tnd eulars, spose thei clvizing inflvence, and soe

‘her fom chemelves

cca and the New Word ews nor so much cltte
lash a cule anilton. chronicle might look ot the
deruetion of indigenous etn from the pepectve fhe
rive changelings esamiing the eaons fer the bitemessof
‘he Nunneht coward thee Wester cous the mat obvious
txample) Ifyou wane ro make you pints ina more weer
sea, characters might be ages of ing" govern
oer. destiny inthe eae belie hat chev ate doing ee
‘This way males players thik abouc how and why Banal
Mice dele characters

Peosteards and asic hall, ce cream and eri li
rwineral water nd manners, fh ond chips end choler
teacups and child prostitution, gas ihr and pornogaphy —
sheet ingen ofthe Vieoran og, Wha illo
tuake of them?




a



Ifthe ue not beng ard, bt the Stree doesn'
Ibu about pointcut Vave oe the clyStrtlet
sith ye

{Fieh ot « mechans cess robles then 3 2 wa
robles. Thete ae some ching that Steyteles shoul aa
"Boul edo and when de Stayer bea these ules, the
fests. These unten writen, rules sree lays
fraken with mais of ferethough,o even with ayes asae-
ret theruebeing anne Someries theory pbles
love fon see nes cans the ame that the Sete
naming oun jst does ut the Stele cal.

‘A Saree ayy anc epecfebvoncl and iat hut
fntenjoyablefor hs player: Insuch cases. the Startle pide
tay ot thm adn there te elem otha player ae noe
‘Sjoyngit Tisttnbetsrueof Style nhogetkedsand
Jae fr one ofthe Sxyeie wens (ch as Vane ce
Werewolf) ar then they ty eo tun somehing ee — oF
‘Shontlles who cunt ses wel bu hey eas 0

Treo ofthe Stelle stem,

‘When this sustion hapens da' er tg, eipeciall
ster pipes notice the poem, on Talk: wo the Sener
‘hou it ney, polly and with your temper in chock, Make
Sugesonson ow he cou change the cone to seething
Statheteelshe can an, wileperpecatingeverone having.
indy pois ot where some of the mistakes were made, ae
sage ted tf the Gaver ave an, le
‘gv and Stele' have ge eps har mst 0 you ant 0
rca, Your Story wal hepeily epee pour oping,
syoutave ben there sou

Sometioe however the ory problem isa dept ome I
sstyleproblem, yr br alo «major eee ung store
‘There are vost enon that havesen too many eS ard
even the bes Stoller make thes. The emer ate semetines
‘wade fr pot eapeience ether beease de Stortleedet
‘hinkthe try deh, or hing js happen aa the Starter
fn sce how to change ita this lite date, Te evo taht
fobs ae "Hero Comgles nc"May he plot be wi you"

Hexo Complex.
‘A Stoel eur chaoe a He forthe ante
asec: Unley ine cepa shecoloron
‘ral sean or rerene leer tre end ep
teingacoe ponte He thick an bt end,
thd he Hav lve bee. Bren de then feo he
frotnerk:Tisdaeanican ee per oft sing
yen de ot rmze ge fread te cal
ivickcancteippeniypuclone expen seca
See nha cand onetheyii the Hero neta
Heveoe ged ace ing tobe te Handi
congenunt fom tbe wert iconic, heneweyane xt
thelieosouliegettobenpponngcat Gr nos ants
Thewggoring chou ee cee wd, ng
the Sl plot ook or he pita he bt pon
Tike Hew care ntoesiene beau bevonneedelthe
pl ent Seelecheltare aed over witheveyone
trike tecpion Serelon sete don sR the
ones of wha the ater and 3 dian pet
‘Reems Hebreave gether oan, When

Hero emerges andthe Strtlle ca write pos without hin,
{he Stoel shoul take a beak a! Lok a everyone be
character set, den lee the oe playesand workeucabee
‘ois and aver fr hee charset om wih he Sere
‘an then concentat.

Day ehe Plot Be wieh You
"The fogiabe ener of Syl "May he at be with
ext ares s make, When the yale rsonedng
‘Shoppe hen Sonelrncedstomabcsue choppers The
‘Sor conc crc hn one wry onde hot
‘rarely tell my players thar chey can'edo something Il sear catget
usr 1 fr ntance they se nt Sow fo
thee Ou ee per adel he ch eee
ough sccm ee fr bane sbe wanted todo. The
fect ic hen opens ay et Ge pee We
Tipornt tan chance' Wher he Sir ies ik
sor rot Epp cyl at bling fr ae.

‘The scion i simple: Done bal 0 teh to your
cine orbsep the es bi et the exacts of te eset
Shange: Never tave antag ween ia prove sone
oabiythekey oeings goede anda rigpaioe
‘on be x plete apne And ome goo het
Sry toca pln problems ara way fencing tet Je
have omeone she who rin gue sso ling yo
‘hat you ae dong wong ede happen, wich ty yu
Manto cefaboe ting your Scolar bene
‘Tacyou have you ck sd compa to mic hey
guslkeer oar terre

ules yutuvebeengosoryhavent ply nene
of chet ges ba oo thoy ling yuo tora ye
‘Whacda youd thet

Len

eat fe comp hints ae oing tke sean ech
tccbnel. And then yous pret within your ihe tke
theBecnuel nthe Sty tacwhy ate I aler
lL owe game, yur eal and yoo cestion, But hey
tg supa bate wa do onethng od they oe
Ihrer sno. You an owe

Thcingoucofa erosion la pcblem. Thebes ay
andl that itv he Hero "ine A andconcennicon
3 che cares —~ ouly even ing some Fe
tam at ene fr ate, Come bck co he Het bes xt
teh she ear ool mgd

"The ay the tbe with you ston ie hace
nn telat oe Wite tn chet ed on eat hey
hres mth danerenandlctben cot hcposan
Arlo: Bemiscsbot xan the tne when nr thea
{Sppacetan ny Bunch une cme nen te pale
‘cle chance ele dffeu cone

‘Whether Storyteller or player, sete will beconfles
vic ther Sorelle St tuckand here ws much a0
tetterStorele

Chapcer Six: Oswexvarions From be Fed 19


KA Transcending the CDundane on the Hero's Pach

By Buck CDarchinzon

2 Wat movesa game beyor! per anddce sata the
re player shed tears ofp fel genuine

‘averted diter ole oow a howl of wing? How do were

‘har point where we pat re

‘calletion of waht

Paving che Pach

Bringing » game to ii shared rerponsbliy. For
he ph

ercter tke hol?

‘bitry Real people have lives ove
texcwe ate then, and thos expe
rely kngaet thet pesonaities a ot
Tooks. Assume this tatters 0 with your
Moupe of changelings (ard your Stony
teleecharacter for hae mate. Ask plo
cexstoaosver the questions ited on page 122
ofthe min uiehooke Encourage them torte a
shore signet that defines pont shou thee cha
acter. For intance, the Gwpsion cavalier pliner
nigh

‘orajeural enc, playersateain
tng of what makes het character tick,
‘As Storyteller, yous the barde ask while

{ng wor characters star the game
faethe sould bea lie bic
‘lgeatle about the local cha

Ting scene; they certainly


Sextise wih the mundane word: Remember though thc a
od sting une eat to averwhel, but to give player
Enough foundation on which to bud Yt, handing everyone
AsCrpage doaer co memorize before che peli may be
sing it

‘While sore Sorteller haracers wll be steiheforeard
ad he {Like nedcap guads auacking the exaping player,
Characters), youome it to plays oes out ey perlite.
Give character someone they can realy nteract with, and
your ttoupe willbe mote engaged. Alo, rake swe opponents
Bhenares aber than imple ils. What's the dference?
"ake che local bron foc exaaple Hema be someone charac:
res aly eapeceand yet tllcauses them load of re they
‘rk 9¢ crow purposes. Legends are fll of els between
rwilingconatnes Fal temsenberthar Ucselie doesnt
feces equate with inedeeouble evil. The fn may have a
‘ier plesopby bot scxving to find comson ground ay
teoul in undentanding. oe enn.

Give players sense chat what hel characters dohere and
ow ey have unoreeen consequences. Maybe a respected
tristan potential dreamer moves ino the neighborhood oa
felt of de changelingy "elgg aie out of erie" Bus the
‘engeil note of lore Aili will demsed toknow who node
Fabel plans go ay.

Tes euch ener to iwolve chaacers if plots captor
playes snteres Find out what interest each player and give
ic tobier Ifyou know that Rick loves elticalincnige, Joon
Hee helps people ed Jan realy goes for heroic elt, Yu
rust take the srr big enough so that al playecs have
‘eovcching 10 snk thele teeth ino. A good Storyeler an
‘weave these pence heads toa cohesve ope, which then
‘nd characters ond pulls them alg the Her'spach. When
horace fllowa plot chad cone character would want
‘ovnoxtcause the lee sesitas progressing te game, thats
2 sign of ue rlelaing

Scepping onco che Fach

Yervepohbh bart lfe bu thing Ato
sh nd ode conc Tato ae
{Eitcppalpitormeme cores brpringghpe
dc pope cremenene ih aie sie Serine
SEE sere spend Bev dole Appr me
tuts co TV phone — ew eaboccee tnpene
Sager inden om. Tropes
sehncer peta ge Hag ety benfs
Iogece tay fon rdw ay eure
tala hone beg ra on ho
ih toy snk oo chance co say
seeqen rnc

Tear al he pepsin, he ply deh fi he
dhesen hig eon tn St ny My he
SctVieconeed sec season Beret
Specape tone en Ale tng aly eek
to dae jig hone pe» ng
iiRpyanlieemeepaele-Wheedd scone font

72 Semele onener hat even yw ee

ne

‘everyone enjoys, youean always find oom oie. Takeo
Hayes ofter each session. Ask what wos good, what could Be
Improved and what their characters are planning or tuning
Find out what they leaned and (was Je oF ete Can
expected, shst accordingly or nex the

Keeping on che Pach

So the seen went well Repl fhe dace
aleeben beeen reer ap endpcheeo
Dias Nowyouhvesnoter pelos cpg the bee
tum gg: Cuming wel ny be ponte ox se, Ba
trndaoe conic Le wo, ehed das separa

WS)
i

S)

‘ote an more rupes (belive me, hava players scattered
‘ver two states make fo nized gaming windows). Leng a
{ame fallow fora month o foe oakes chard ory things
gain. Uae players keep copious nots and rere sheet
before each seca, chy lable to forge eral details ad
‘yf hoe lip back io chance.

‘One schtion sb Booking. The layer wach he Story
tele as al attr, ries about ching the wes vo do oF
people she wither to meet. Maybe ber ona singer wants 0
fetal hel ta cellege bandwith dreamer een pure
2 romance ath that adirer a cout oe practice fencing
the be ready nexe tte hat Howe Gnon fp gets upp.
"The Sorelle write the reaks of the player's actions. Bloe-
‘ooking i sea ft hacaing swation other players aoe
Incereted nor shouldn't know about slo eal for ofstage
actives that slow dows. group lay, When the taupe in-
hd hen agressive petenaliis, ue bookang aves more

inidplayersachanee to shine-Byaningthistechaiqueto build
roe history and experience, you ean draw peripheral, seni
foversted playersinto the hickof the plot Bestofall youhave
copy ofthe pcceedings to remind you wbat happened. When,
valle, ema is abo hard to bea, although actebooks or
egal pads ork jon dandy. Goblin pape snot recomnnendd
if you mish to beep peranent eects

Pao tne before each selon to review whac happened
dung the previous advenate Sta the all rolling wich, "Tell
‘me youd" and pages comngate thelr notes an recollections
Unclacoberenevew ofthe abvencue emerges. Don't be aad
to remind play abou portant dead; che cra clue a
trol nized "yesteday in game tne cou be fogten by a
lye fer a sxcenonh tus neal ie,

The Pach's End

‘The mes menovable and lnpining moments fo gaming
bappen when acheonicle o raj sor ace comes oan en
"More than any pas ofthe tale, the en hould be well-rensed
foci he punchline, the denouement, anche clination
fall hats gone before. Afer any adventres, characters
baveastake in thing and nw they have everything tous or
Jose. Maye thei shold tout eae Banat onthe
Storyteller character everybody fas gow 0 love and ena

3
iS
(S)
iS)
()

igh

re)
S

SS


SR RAGT

selves pin now. Le the kids ser they snubbed Duke
Fbeand, bur give them the Keni of whatever lis they
rode hike dhe Local Fan pack Lee the pee crescendo and
allow chance

neverfoswecpup player.

"Whew Tha eo che!" dan torr,"

‘ae. players maybe bee
co — br they all be hare.

Tes long ay tor ewo-densinal "ol playing" toa
_@ansctersomell defined thahe begs lice byhisown ogc
{nstent ofthe players Bat having ben there, a2 paver nd
2 Stoyele, {woulda do anyother wage This fee
‘elepaing. the altoate "he's pete" where anything
fowl, where creams do come tae ne that whe Change:
ling sal abou?

Scoryzeller or Player:
Who Sees che Pace?
by Nett Dick

‘OK, you've designed the chronicle an the Styler
characters, wnitendown afew story deasand given thought
{ao how sou want the cone to end. You might have a
few ideas of whete andben you want the prieary ation co
take place, and peshaps you have some nett on plots and
rmoutations ofthe antagonists), aswell a afew neuteae
‘who might be pat of che chronicle, What now?

Enver che characters. the Storyteller' sertiogs house
the body of he oleplaying game chen the player characters
teres lifeblood. A Storyteller ean moldand capt acheoncle
‘exting fo exceme, realistic details however, characters!
sctions are wbat ibe fe co sores, Player characters
lho govern che overall pace and esotioeal tone throughout
the couse of the stor. Sur. he Storyteller sets thistone at
‘he beginning, br the succes the ory hingeson whether
fc noe the emorion level snes respondent chord in the
plajer characters. Consider a peimtive Storytellerchronile
‘punctated by tha weakest of plot devices: combat

"The Storclle throws vilaine at characters tn an
arrempe to rate the aniety lve of papers. Now euppore
players decide not co engage in coma I the Storyteller
{ees to force combat down the throats of character who
ate' ateesed the tory (and chronicle) ould peobably
last aor ono sessions Characters nat agree tothe initial
‘eraladoutbytheStoryellerocthe gane'stheme change.

"This change not neesanily.a bad thing. Far wore ie
thestubborn or inexperienced Stoytellerwhorefiestorun
Afenible game. An expe a plyerchatsceet who finds
‘thathisshe'swe of Sovereign Ucotally neletve agaist
«cerain fvoted Seotyeller character, with no good teat
fother than shat the character ane of the Storytellers
faverite,

A lightening of the rales and favoring characters in

‘The Changeling Sconyretiens Guide

teloc sists shealehy for the long ie ofthe cheoncle. One
‘ofmy personal stndrdsforagood Seorteller show wing
She ts to allow her favolte Storyteller character odie,
tha' wei elle for inthe story.

This concession does't mean shat one shoul echae
acters walle allover your Storyteller chacacter (git the
‘oppesite: If they get eppity to heir Lords, off wth their
bea, bur if character with 10 delve into unexpetes
themes and aren, et therm crm them that youl need
tims toeconsidr the eunfiations ofthis change in these
ond co perhaps come up with new chatacters.

Casein point When Vampire was fest published, Lo
chronicle with everal players whowere new torolepayng
One wanted tren a Toreadevaroite-arast wth orb
compulsion to use corpses ar sculpture. She was ot
stedin coaaroe neiga, she wanted only create cox
‘of death. This character felt she was beyond such pet
‘concerns as haouany

Now, thot of you who ate fora with Vampire ate
probably ihssking"Souhat? She wiustplayinga Sabb"
Bur the Sabboc handbook hadn't ever been written yet She
had snvenced the charatereype on her own, a) well the
concept of enninga character "outside" normal Hany
tle.

‘Ac chat time, had less experience ata Storyteller, and
I wasnoefleible enough tosulicienely adap hercharnctee
ino the chronicle IFT had bea, sg story eight have ben
‘much icher becouse of input, Who knows might have
taken the whole chronicle ino an acea unexplored by the
tules [could have eventually venced ny own unique ules
for the Saba

‘You, as Storyteller, may not want co always have the
play characters go "where na one has gone before" ow:
ever not this does noc mean you ae being ines; you
ace just setiag los. Chon imitations are ixporane
if che game i to develop complexity beyond the inital
Storyteller notes. I players are leays tuning off exploring
aces of your setting that you haven't Seveloped until dae
‘moment of exploration, you ment going to get mich ofthe
inital setting to evolve.

A bolaace between the Storyellerdives. dhronicle
sndone thacis character driven is vals iprcant Player
characers,chough wuly do not bein thet characte 5
teadycocat cot on thelr nn, and thove that do soetely
are grabbing for power hada payer chocactee in my pane
tho wanted to rb 2 bank, and he wied his cantips <0
efoile che guatds and bank tellers (nevermind how he
eas abe to overcome thee Banality: it Tong stor). He
iedbecause he was alae ad had nae planaedche bers,
the had taken the ioe vo plan the bank heise a onganice
‘aqotley around the Klexofrobbinganks the ending would
<ettainly be diferent. 1 might have had several scoies
‘entitled "Pooka Capone aid che (Oth St. Willies Hit fot
"National."Iwouldhavedesgned aneagonies uniquely suited
to the story thread, such a toll cope or morals who


-of the changeling heists chan they should (are chey Autumn People'), VA)
foxy pysemosucagaper chasers tbe Voecntos nd reyar coco batiyeleher YB
tonto Stole ie she rent, ot you tan eo eros once rng ely US)

Case lhl enn Get tars netl mean toenail (OY)

eid o let a characte find an yao
os ora diay dat aspect lac
After the excitemene dies down, dhe sloagh might decide 0
elec bis booty in oc dell

Because humans ae tron, players coul! alo feel
_enboldened to st off thee own when they ave a base of
‘perncons, sch aa freehold or modey headquarters. Detaled
Bote, comrined with Looe heeds, are really ell fr player
encourgerent Dee. Supposing the wotkey base 4 9 nurrdown
Holiday Ina One of the mad ts pct college sodene with
untaped penta ye: now you'e js dying roma hee
neo oon sperorutl being wth hidden power

‘shots distal relaced to the Stover characte
iden "power" (ae hasan, Lec te player deer
‘ine the sing, ae step incr when players need
alight nudge. If the Storyteller character is consiy- (i)
fend gnored, throw i another poble nea
hap the stents studying at

‘Another way to encourage chaacterdiven_/
noresoeotellthem whae yout Aakers
to write dele charterer noes to cover
shat happen daring lng petiods of down
fine. Be stentive wo thee sagestons Ifa
payee mentions during chaactergeneration
thar her bogg has aden in which he oe
sionally harvests Glamour ankmbot he planing
to do with the gan. Woall she ke emake a
drawing of layout
tossinthecsilbogpet shoistancelng ender bet
sen ad raining sr a tol uneated
$n. The more unvesaved theads you leave
‘harseter to gap and weave ato her own story,
the beter

Letafacest—the main reson werlelay

‘cnoymene. Whether we ate

toryllingeeplavingacharcey we
expect have fn and ore fn,
Inmaexpetience tbe most
Jormenc of playing Change
fing aries when playersen-
sang the rlepling apt
‘nce 10 fll the they con
ety formetchaitiragane oe
‘ile. Thisexpsence ea.

‘Chepces Sye: Ooseevarions ftom che Fekd 13


Aber Rado p61 KN
Agendas, p SAP


archery, 39°C
ea knowledge, p48 PO
sxor,p 22D.
‘Are, p 17 CD

In character creation 123 C10

Auguryp 182 2D
Aumakua,p 138,143 IESHL
sutomaci successes, p 197 CD

Backgrounds, p 119, 146 0D

Backgrounds Nooneh,p 144 FG

Baciorard Olince, p78 NSH

bd sight, 6158 OD

Banaiy, p65 119, 152 XD
snd chimera, 6224 CxD
Bacal dea, p 248 CxD
chesting Boalcy.p 67 GD


aT

Baron o Baroness p 77 2D
Bnslsk Stone p 58 KN

Beast. 133 CD

Beasties,» SC

Beale,» 208 CD

Bemnting Orton p 188 PG

Bes Dan, p33 KN,

Burch, p 152 PO

‘aheghts nd fries p PCD
Black Magicians 9 56 AP.
Mack-maee dsp 166CD
Macksnith,p 40PO

Blesing,p M3 1ESH

Blowing of Abs p 63 KT
lighted foe, p65 KT

blind p 158 C.D.

Bogle» 54 9G
Boon, p 1S Cid
tcchesp 197 CD
awl p B9CD
ening, p40 PG.
taulding chines ears, p220 C10
Bumpin, p OCD
Bunks,» 155 0G

ebanced rules
cating p 156 FC
Naming p 172 PG

‘unneb Bunks, p 178 PG
Bern ad Bad p 17D RG

Kahuna. p 132 6SH
Kotun,p B61ESH
comoutage.p 40.86

Corp. p 129 1ESH
Camps. p 119 8G
Cannio, p 114 0G

anor,» 126.06

ze

Cantrips,p 171, 204 CD
advanced cant rules, 9 206 C.D
bas canenp casting 204 CXD
‘Aucatin People ¢ 187 PO
‘contigs and combat, p 245 CXO
effects ofp 205 CD

Captive Heat, ¢ 174

ous, 935 PG

eaxpenary, 99°C

Cereaie, 9 5.86,

Chancelloes, p27 OD

Changeling, ecnenes ofp 261 XD

Changeling society.» 0D

Changeling esp 165CD

hangeling' eyes p 164 CD

chancter concept. p GEO

‘Character creation, p HSCD

‘Chleanery.p 172 1D
ate of Banks fr, p 157 PG
Nunes Bunks fos p 178°C
Uselie Bun for, p 92 SC

Chit p 113 PG

chil, p 169 CD

chimera (Background, p 6 CD

(Chimes p 38,217 C1
anioate, p39, 20 CO
verti ad foes, pC CID
bung,» 2200
sera monsters, p AC OO
fends ad helpers 7 39CXD
killing chimera, p 223 C:D
Redes p221.D
teams p2EOD
typesofp220CD.
willpower, p 221 C.D
Banalty and, p224 CD
cers of Bonaly on, p AZ CD

chimera companion, ¢ OTE
‘Chimica Alchemy. p 35 KN
hiserial damage, p 24600
chimera dak; p 164 C1D
CChimerial Exoskeleon, p40 KIS
Chimerial Facarme(reasee), 61 KN
hiner magnet, 160 CD



cronsver rales
Mage, 20 BoLD
Voropite. 12 LD
U7 Bold
25 BoLD
(Cxy "Woof 187 PG
enpponaphe,p 48°C
curioury. p 155 QD
cued p ECHO
Cursed the,» 54 AP
‘Cyne, pS NSH

Dance af ron, 245 CD
ddclng, p41 FG
Dands,p 131. GD
anger sense, p161 OD

Dame Macabe, 9 245. XD
Aneel p SECO
ack ate, p 1 CD

ack secret p 154

Daskes Heact the, p 84SC

Dauntain, p 279 CAD. p 49 AP
Aged, p80 AP
Doms, 51 AP

ead fends,

deafp BCD.

death, p 248 0

Deceiver p65 NSH

etry 169 CD

Deka-Wave Helmet, p62 KX

Delaslon, p82 SC
tatee of Banks fr, p94 SC
Depehs of Wil che, p84 SC
Determinism, p 76NSH
Deni' Advocate, p81 SC
dexceriey.p ECD
pes KS
F166 CD
GD

ploy, p33
Disbasred,p 54KN,

Asgard. p 169
Anguise p41 PG

Joined p 168CD
Dragon's Dance, p 245 CAD
Dragon's re, p23
Deeam-Ceafe p15 NSH

echoes 6 159.610
Efigyp 6CD.
sdleie memory. 7

Ze


‘empathy, p B9CAD
Enchanted Bled, p $07
cnchanement, p 210CD.
eneny.p 165 CiD
Energy Cannon, 63 KN.
| nageas, 144 CD
Ensnar,p 175 QD

ntertnomene tes p 162 OD.
cavionenent ¢ 26D
Epiphany fou paths wo, p 212 2D.
| wipment,p 122CD
ceapoboy, p41 2.

Bacheae, p29C@D
‘Water verson, 9 26SC
Excheat, oth of, p211 GD

Fahy, p92 CD
eter MD
xaos ofall, 6197 GD.
experience, p 275 GD.

earn experience pons p 275 iD
Exterminaoe,p 28000

Freade,p838C
focedoen,p 2383 XD
Fre backgrounds, 69 TE
Fe, history ofp 33 OD
Fae, nacre of p61.
Faerie Bloods p 11 TE
Face eerie p 162 OD
Faerie Mentor, p71 TE.
Far Foul and Foul sal p 18t CXD
faleonr, p41 PO.
fans (Nunoehi kth), p 112 PO
fis dorm, p42 PO
fist lamer,» 158 XD
fasvtalksp 2 PO.
fast-ulk (ection). p 33D,
Faalist, p13 C20.
Fare Fite,» 183 2D
Fealty, Oath ofp 211 2D
feats of srengthep 231 OD.
Rech Fh, p72 TE
end, p 5470
Fd Sie Pth, p76NSH
Fe, p 152 PG
feats, p42 QD
Fueweed,p 132 FG
p43 0G
FebeFath,p 95 TE

Aasdbads, p56 OD
Flicker Pah, p 198CD

ee

Ayfingen pee KS
fama p16 (
foal p 30D eA
Foal Ninel,» 486 7
For. p 35 PG ji

Forked-Tongue,p 142.
forroneelieg. 9 36 FG
Foal Mouth,» 54 KN
freebie pines p LID.
Freehold, p 3,224 C:0

AAS

Fa pei ys
fended 9 KS y
innit Gecbey 3101 (a
RURARs pets i
Fale 2G ys)
Rech OD J)

RAN

Gaiy, 53 PO
ae Bolen, p39 BoLD

cs

Gameser,9 65NSH
Geass (Kinain MerigFaw).p 80°TE
sea (MevitiFaw), 9159 CD
GessBan.¢ 185 OD

Geek Ove. 81 AP
Geoacia.p56KN

SOCIO
SISIOSS

Heralds, p77 GO
‘hove Dance, p 177 7G herbals, 49°C
Gilg 58 KN Hermie p 131 CD
Giranisp 175 CD High King David, tere of $9 CUD
lade, p45 C20 higher puree, p 184 CxD
Glanovmere, p62 KN istry 49 9G
Glamour, p 66CAD Harder,» 14 8G
chioiera, p217 XD bolding, HED
Un character rcatin, p 119,151 CD Holly Ske,» 179CeD
Glamour stems, p 203 CoD Hosteal 7 NSH.
Mena) and, p 42 1ESH. honored beige, 9 75.TE
Mic the, 208 CD Hopscotch, p 187 CD
None nd, p 146 °C Household (Nuneehi Background), 6 144.9
Ons, p211 0D Hoosehok's, p 70CiD
places of p42 CD Houses, 967,106 CD
Glare Batery pORN House Ail, p 42 BLD
Goblin Bow, p61 KN Hovie Bale, p 42 BoLD
Goblin Cloak, p61 KN House Doo p 106C:D.
pS9KN Howse Bune, p 177 2D
Gotti House Fiona, ¢ 168 CD
Goblin Pashnen,p $9 KN Hove Gwrshon,¢ 109 1D
‘Goblin Shoes, p59 KV Howse Leanbaun, p43 BoLD
Goblins, p72 SC House Liaw, p HED
p55 KN House pSONSH
Grandeur p 184 CD brug sae,» 168 CD
Grane. 152 PG Humanist, p 3 PC
preety Glau,» 30PG Humbug. p35 PO
reais,» 65 KS Inunted,p 168 XD
ema, p 48D Haren p 13 FG
Grotesque p 134 CD Irunng, p43 PG
Grover. p13 FG Drypaotisn, p43 PG
suardan ange, p 162. C:D
Guardiaip, Oath of p21 CD
sunsthing, p43 PG ee,p 153 90
Ananlimote citer p 36,217 CXD
Inceeased pain hoeshold p62 KT
baprtden, p65 KS Aacoeasing aed decreasing wats. 276CD
Hana, p 14 (ESH
hand of hensing, 158 CXD Infusion, p 56KN
Harden, p 56 KN Ingene, p65 NSH
Haayesting,p 5 PO Inherited Fay p81 TE
hatred, p 156 C:D
hawoted p 163 C20
Haneed Hla, 173 CXD
Healee, p13 PO.
Health, p 159 CD
Hearing, p St AP
Heaths, p 26S
Heather Bal
her

snaruction
intelligence, p


1ocw
39 BLD

opener:


Knight, p77 0
Knvghr (eency), 7 $3 PO
knowledges, 143 CD

fn character creation, p SCD
nos to ouch, p65 KS
Koka, p 156 SH.

lace,» 169 CD
Lava, p 1B 1ESH
ox, p M5 CD
Fendeoin » 220
leathervorking. #4 PO
Legacies. p 29D
‘Menetuni, p 129 (ESH
Nosnebl p12 PG
Mitieaon (Late, p 115 PG
Sununee (Dogwood. p 113 PG
Winer (Rock). ITH PO
comuntie, 64 NSH
Seeies9 65
Shadows
Unset
Seclie.p BOD
Shadow. p25 SC
overlie p 33 D>
Legerderain, p 175 CD
ature of Bunks fr, p 158 10
Nusa Bunks for, p 17S FG
‘Unseelie Bunks for, p92 SC
Liege and Vasil p 75 2D
Wave, p156CXD
ighteing calcula
Lighting Gun 62
gues p 145 CeD
sear, 49°C
lockpicking, p44 10
Log Rosd, Out of the, p 212 CXD
lore, p45 CD
Lose the, 52 AP
loodenouth, p65 KS.
loyal eae, p62 KT
lack, p 12CD

feo)

Mogi p 2800
Magic Mitr Box, p61 KN
Mate, p 153 PG
manipulation.» 36CtD
unson,p 166 CD

sTOD

132 Changeling Seonyeetens Guide

Mark ofthe Blood, p81 TE
Maree, p65 NSH.
May-may-gwyasbi p 116PC
mechanic. 44 PO.
mechanical ast, p18 CD
swedla csp 166 OD
‘wodicine, pM CD
"Mesieval Paradigm the, p14 CiD
‘wedium, p 16t CeD
ssdke,p 42D
Meoehuni,¢ 128 JESH
swenea ations p 35CD
nent ateibutes,p 7 CD
mentor. p HS CD
Menta' eentmene 165 CXD
Merits and Fawr, p 153 0

titles, p IS8CD
awareness p 157 CD
‘Changeling Ties p 165 CX
in character eeation, p 120CXD
Kinain, p28 TE

mene p 157 CXD

Moral ciety, p 166 0
Noche, p33 KN.

lyse, p 168 CeO
paycholopcal p 153 CX
Shug, p69 KS.
‘upematual, p 159 CD
‘Tol, p61 KT

Micro-Managemear, p82 AP
mimicry. 37 FO
Mindblock, p 89 AP
Mining, ¢ $5 KN
Meus Maven, the, p44 AP

Miss, the, p67, 298 CD

Mus of Merny, the, p83 SC

‘Mockery, p SSC
Molibans, p 143 IESH.

monster, p278CD

Mooch,p 77D

"Mortal bsckgroonds,p 22 TE

Meetal Word vs. Mogialp $1 2D

Merle, p]OCD

Mundane Weapons (rese), p59 KN

‘MasingRavaging Theesol, p 120 2D

Maning Thresholds p 213 CxO
Ravaging Thresholds, p 215 XD
ue, 169 CD

mpetcal prohibition ot imperative, 162 CeD

Mythic Age p33 OD


PATO Dane'

Ces, p 26SC
(gre Huncer Mark I,» 6 KN

Append


;

1wOD
OD
uscd

Riles, p 9 CD.
93D

Depenaix

Secret So

selustion, p38 FG
section (action), p 234 C20
Seclie,p 72 CD
Seeing, p123C:D
in characte cretion, p 116 CD.
Meoebuni 129 IESH
Nanoehs p HL PG
Seemings Bling p 164 XD.

sic
Selkies p 127 1ET
seove deception, p38 FG

Shade,» $6°O
‘Shadow (backgrounds), p 76SC
‘Shadow Aris, p79 SC
shadowing (action), p 231 CD
Shark, ¢ 146 IESH

Shuster. the, p55 CeD
shor, p 169 CeD

shore atcention yan,» 65 KS
sp O4KT

sgn Language, p50 PO
singing, p45 PO
Skills p 141 XD
An charaee eveation, p 118 C&D
slelgbrotthand, p46.PO
shpped Seeming,p 165 CAD
Sluagh,p 102 CD
‘Mesits and Flaws, p63 KS
‘Treasures and Tools, p66 KS.
srveaking (ection), p 232 OD
social actions, p 233 CD
soca atibutes, p 136CD
Sooty, p180CxD T
‘arte of Banks fo, p 159 PG
Nunn Bonk p 179 FO
Unseele Bunks fr. p93 SC
Soph, p 56 PG
sources of injury and healing, p 246 C20
Sovercign, 183 XD
atuce of Bunk foe p 160°C
‘Nunehi Books foe, p179 FO
‘Unscelie Bunks for, p93 SC

Ze

‘Spearman's Shiel, p16 TE
species 138 C1D

im chancterceaion,

speech pedioene p 135 CD
‘Speedy Hamner p33 KN
nse

Spi Link, p 174 PG
Barks op 179.0

spt menor p 161 CoD

sates, p 278 CD

Spy.p65 NSH.

Savie (rank) p 7 CD

Squire (lee), p 133 CD

stages of combat. p 237 CD

stamina, p136 CD

‘Star Body p 170 PO

stealth, p 42 GD

Seeradh p78 CD.

Seo, p34 7G

stone kin p 62K

Storytelling, p 259 CO

Seoeelling al), 46 PC

seservie,p OCD

steength, 136 C:D

Seu pSt AP

sunt driving, p22 0D.

syle p39 FG

subterfuge, p 41 CD

Suit the, p46 AP

Sundering, che, 9 58CeD

supematural Merislaws, p 159 C:D

Surems 6152 9G

sure beauty, p 168 C20

surreal quality, 159.CXD

sural p 13. CD.

swine. p 46 PG

‘Taghaom,p 26TE.
Taibhoea,p 16TE
‘aking actions p 230CiD
talents,» 158 C.D

in characte cretion, p 1ISCD
Taleale, 182 CD
xidermy.p 31 PO.
teoxporal sense, 74NSH.
Thallin, p65 SC

SSIES


They HED venti 9 39 FG

tg Viren p5470

Sent 6209 Veni 670

throwing, p47 PG

Tobacco, p1S3 FG ic]

‘Tonmencor, p26SC_ ward, p 167 XD f-

tone, p 47 PG ‘Warp Will, p 187 PG. 7,

trons Seng 18, 1 ESA Wore pO i)
Seep 110 Wore p14 Sy)

owen 9 37S Weyl 7 186 1A

nt teal p 2360 vB p18

ie

cc pa inh Bk p19 6 iy
Ten p68 pete Bors 99380 e
ome Woy 9 3300 &)
‘Tecbees 113 FO Weakened Msp 7275 ‘K y)
Seng p22 eral 98790 ie,
ee icon 9 27D en Your Wap 870 :
deste Pak ps6 Wevvlfonpi copa p162CD
Teka pS Moora pi8OD
Teale OD ome ad wane 24 CD
Mii Ram 9 61 KT Whore p 1300
Tee po Widremts 60
vou p66 Wi sedeitiy 916 FO
Tener ep 19300 Wier Lg p PG
Testeham BC ior hie p118D
Tower p13 70 ioe p19, 1500
ee rch p221 0D
Irate isto sroveng SLD
Te None» tone pe
Toate Oubetp 2100 Werner TCD
} Teanga weedy OD
Trae Yon S34 Wor Ome pl
rested opecip p16ECD Weg SFO
Tmo ae wine 8c
ose
fe) re p74 PG.
nbn 1200 Won CD
deel 9 17D poe 928600
Unloog de po7 OD. p36 BaD Wet p BSC
cheating Banaliey, p 67 xD Wyld mind, p 156 CxO
sea SSenep 2 0N eels
v
Vege 9 22 OD uv
paul eyerety en
el Benp OD Jeno Antioch 912206
vengeance, pISSCD Yani Twunda,p 124 FO

Appendix 13?


and Comics


Gairoan, Neil — Sandman sod The Books of Magi.
Fas, bh dik anal, ts best, erwoven into the
nyhor ofthe worl, Several aes of Bodh ines fete che
tor ofthe fa.

Lackey, Mercedes — Knights of Ghosts and Shadows
od Summoned to Tourney. To wil fun ales of edie
fecteaton, pain rock bands and Bey Area fhe. Not class,
esl fs.

ae

‘de Lint, Chacles — Jac the Gant Killer. The Urselie
ac ompuing in Canad, te pomer ofthe Seles waning,
fevlayoung wean nao Jackie mut ep tobe role ofthe
foretold eo. A rollicking retelling ofthe ol fll cae forthe
‘Adult Fairy Tale Sei, edited by Ter Winding and Eileen
Ditto.

de Lint, Charles — Greenmantle A ponful ale of
anciene mgsteries tn the modern Canadan woods

Lovecraft, HP. — The Drearguest of Unknown,
Kadath Lovecc wast ll doen and gloom. Tis eis of
stories takes you through ean tery ceaed rom the aul
{Gf dreras, on he mpc eats of lthare the strange nigh
‘restore hat haune che eas,

Dusic

Man of thee albums can be found in any cos ore,
alihoogh thelr waa sees sometites make chem bard to
‘las: Some maybe found in the PopfRoek section, sme
taser New Age.

* Loreena McKennitt — Celtic-Goth mixed with ber
sweet olce and beaut harp, Her endons of herr pices
like Yeats "The Stolen Chi" and Tennyson's "The Lady of
Shallote" have ade her reputation.

"= Enya — Anolis choice, with her lash vocals anda
‘mareloutrangeafevocativemuichachasracedscundeacks
tnd ou f bes own albus

«Silly Wied — A cation! Cale fl band, bese

S|

STAN VAN OI

+ Boll in Lead — A lunatic mainstay ofthe flock
movement wth she mus to back thee epuraton, inca
‘The yp callabrain wi fortasy autor Steven Brus.

* Dead Can Dance — Their ange ans train! fe,
‘thn, bieoec and everthing in-between. A soundtack ft
any Woel-of Darkness ry

* Wolftone — A god mix of tail ena and rock.

+ Opierhand — One of the leading bands in che English
folliunk movement with stong stil underpinnings to
‘helt unk Noe forte ean offended or politely conser

* Levellers — An energetic new bad picking wp where
the clases left of, then going beyond. Whac Opectand
‘mie sound hike thes were sober.

' The Pogues — The quintesenial Celde-pnk band
Hardon dhe eas, but os of fa,

* Ceelbeg — More tdiional ock st, comprised of
some ofthe movers aod shakers ofthe Celi Uk seme

= October Project — Thoughifl Ire, power vocals,
sod wide ange of sy

‘ Kate Bush — Wih dre
socals and waited aeangements:
epoca.

© Secelaye Span — With thets emphasis on. ser
rangement tadiealsongs hisinsovativebandled the
pack nthe arock mavemenc

+ Fnlrport Convention — Like Steleye Span, Faigoee
-cbioederaiional songs, such "Mody Groves" ond"
Lin" wich imaginative, contemporary ms. Sindy Dens
‘lee alone is worth the price of thee clastic Lee an Let

* Teanahill Weavers — One of the loegest running
rational Scots fk band. They abo go through pines
ke Spinal Tap went rough drawers.

* Caperaile — They dil the sunstanck 0 Rob Roy.

+ Movie vouracts are appropiate, even if they didnt
‘come fafa fle They ean octet an atmos
ithe bing ses kell Gotheoeghyeucallectin
tna Teens you may come wp with some ues

wovemens, ethereal
For Evers ogcially


nystery and surprise,
fase setting

ditica ment treme
= While offering em ehiendene cs

a "Tn
