# File: Storyteller Companion (revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

AMP TRE

SYORSTELLERS COMPANION

_—S—\ Le.

a

Pf
THe PJASQUTRADE La Ci


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER ONE: BLOODLINES
CHAPTER TWO: SECONDARY ABILITIES
CHApTER THREE: DISCIPLINES
CHApTER Four: EQUIPMENT

CHARACTER SHEET

Contos

[e)
14
52,
44
68


Welcome. Won't you please come in:
By now, you likely have a sense for the
and mystery of the World of Darkness. Y

images of so othic cathedrals, looming shadows.

skyscrapers arrogantly reaching heavenward and night
clubs teeming with masses of nihilistic humanity

You also know that among all these lurk the Kindred.
Like parasites, the vampires spread themselves insidiously
among the people from whom they steal their nightly exist

troupe can tell about them.

stories you and ye

To some extent, this book is the "overflow" from the

‘Vampire: The Masquerade core rulebook — it helps round out
the world but it isn't vital to every story. Some parts ofthis book

like the bloodlines and Disciplines, are included to allow Story

players

tellers the opportunity to throw new mysteries at the

Other aspects, like Secondary Abilities and Equipment, give
Storytellers new rules and systems to add greater comp
(and a bit of brand-n:

ne flash) to their troupe's chronicles.

Remember that mystery when integrating these ideas

mpire stories

or players should know any of the details herein unless
they are bona-fide scholars in their field. The bloodlines
are rare, the new Abilities are very specific, and unless
your characters are soldiers or gun-runners, they're un-
likely toknow a Glock froma Gangrel. Reveal the shadowy
movements of the undead to your troupe with the patience
of a brooding Methuselah — it will be a better, more
intense game for your efforts

oi 4 =
PROPYCHO

said, here's what this book examines:

Bloodlines looks at three of the lesser

sd. Their origins shrouded in mystery,

s prowl the modern nights, hiding from the
ical Sabbat alike

Chapter Two: Secondary Abi

ies provides new and

more in-depth Traits for characters to study. These new

Abilities are more focused than the basic 30 covered in the

main rulebook, but are still distinct enough to warrant a
mention. Systems are included to create your own Abilities
as well, to reflect the unique nature of the Kindred in your

World of Darkness.
Chapter Three: Disciplines discusses the frighten

by the Kindred revealed in Chapter One. These secrets
who knows how they will affect unfamiliar Kindred who

them

Chapter Four: Equipment looks at personal accou
terments for the World of Darkness. This chapter takes a

Jecidedly martial rone

s nature of

play: Characters who resort to violence too often may

the

eat they pose
Finally,

end of the b

here is an expanded Character Sheet at the
k, for players an

Storytellers who p

bevooxgon


mystical,
down from sire to chil

thousands of ye

inexplicably wa

The following pages contain bk

unknown progenitors. Exactly how

Je some
while at other tim
gradually change

vod has deviated and left them differ

The traits mystery, but one thing is certain

mes remain the In the dark world populated by

Storytellers should have 1
Hloodlines from players opt
simply rue th

vodlines — families

vodlines come about is a

Guaran One: Brocounes
7

ne of these. They should appe
qualms about disalowin,

the Kindred, it is uncon
re populous
only sparingly. Also

eofther

Use them if you want them, or
any in your chronicle's city


As far as the Kindred are concerned, the
Daughters of Cacophony are a modern bl

line, coming into being only within the last

few centuries. Many vampires beli

tical unions between Toreador and Malkavian
but little in the bloodline's obscure history

indicates that it is anythi

Cacophony are singers extraordinair
of supernaturally magnificent (or
terrifying) voices. Their voices, however, are
known for something other than their mysti

who hear her. Darker tales tell

Few Kindred in the Old Wor
heard much about the Daughters
cophony and even fewer have had the

pportunity to meet one

World, and of little influence

The Daughters of Cacoph

considered inconsequential by those Kin
dred with whom they share
Whether it is because the bloodline large

avoids the nightly perils

alike tend to ignore the Daughters. In theit

complacency, however, they have ignored

curred in the modern
of the bloodline. Whereas the bloo
nce admitted male members, it has

recently culled them from its ranks for reasons
unknown. Additionally, a few Kindred have re

ported that the Daughters' power seems to be

increasing — their mysterious songs may be tuned tc

wreak greater havoc than before, and their blood
appears more potent. When confronted with these

rumors, the Daughters simply nod and smile, singing

as if they hadn't a care
Naturally, the Daughters are silent as to their
greater agenda, if indeed any exists at all. They prefer

while away their nights in song, offering their

¢ to each other and small, intimate

ctives of those who follow their undead careers

knowingly or otherwise. They tend to associate with.
Toreador, Ventrue and Malkavian Kindred, all of whom.
seem to be able to appreciate the unnatural beauty of

their songs, and sometimes become entangled in the

machinations of these Kindred.

hony, when they can be

sometimes fall in with whichever sect exerts the
greatest influence in their immediate surroundings.
They seem to abide by the Masquerade, but whether
not they actually care is not obvious — it may be
need to expose themselves for what

they are to the mortals around them. More than one

account has circulated, however, of Daughters of
Cacophony spending nights with elders of both sects,
and the independents and leaving them maddened

after a particularly rousing concert

Nickname: Sirens
Sect: As ab
cophony care little
ficial" affiliation with either the Camarilla
r the Sabbat. Most Daughters find Sabbat

cities brutal and uncomfortable, though, and

ne, the Daughte

typically establish residence in Camarilla
cales in which they are the only

vampires present.


Appearance: The Daughters of Cacophony vary
widely in appearance, from rail-thin waifs to rotund
‘opera divas. Members of the bloodline affect clothes and
manners that befit their musical niche; the Daughters
have their share of leather-clad punk-band frontwomen,
satin-dressed piano ingenues and everything in between.
Haven: The Daughters make havens wherever suits
their tastes, which may be derelict warehouses, high-rise
condominium developments or even the opera houses in
which they perform. They typically hide their havens
from other Kindred, relying on isolation to protect them.
Background: The bloodline Embraces only those
females who possess alluring or noteworthy voices. These
individuals need not be singers or musicians in life,
though most were. Daughters of Cacophony come from
all strata of society, chosen for their singing ability above
any other concerns (except gender, of course).
Character Creation: Daughters of Cacophony often
have entertainer or performer concepts. Nature and De-
meanor may be anything, but most often reflect a
predilection for the limelight. Most favor Social At-
tributes, and cultivate Expression and Performance
Abilities. Daughters almost always possess some degree
of Fame, and a Herd of admirers commonly surrounds a
given Siren.
Clan Disciplines: Fortitude, Melpominee, Presence
Weaknesses: The Daughters of Cacophony, upon
their Embrace, become almost trapped by the music that
ates through theit souls. Like the Toreador, who
ome entranced by beauty they observe, the Daughters
of Cacophony often lose themselves in the melodic strains
that only they can hear. Some Kindred postulate that all
Daughters hear the same ephemeral tunes, but the Daugh-
ters themselves have offered no insight. The difficulties
of Perception rolls are increased by one for Daughters of
Cacophony, and no Daughter may ever have an Aware-
ness Trait above three, as she is continual 7
her inner music.

Organization: The Daughters have no formal organi-
n— their numbersare so few and farbetween that any
given location is unlikely to be home for more
two of them (if any). When Daughters do congregate for
whatever reason, the younger members of the bloodline
often defer to the older ones. Some Kindred have been
witness to small assemblies of Daughters who perform
songs of haunting beauty or frightening timbre that l
their audiences... moved. It has been noted by observant
Kindred more than once that even in the most impromptu
of performances, all Daughters present seem to know
exactly what will be sung in addition to all the verses

Quote: Why dowe sing? Because we must. The noisome
undercurrent that passes through each of us must be let to the
surface, or it will boil us from within. Let it never be said that
an undead heart feels no passion.

STEREOTYPES:

Camarilla: Ic isan ivory column that does litte for
us other than provide sometime patrons.

Sabbat: Like an unruly crowd at a concert, the
Sabbat sends itself into frenzies at the smell of its
own blood.

Tue View From Wirnout

The Camarilla

‘Their songs are at once captivating and deadly — much
like I suspect the Sirens to be themselves.
— Jan Pieterzoon, childe of Hardestadt
The Sabbat
Most of them just want to be left alone, and they're not
4s shady as the other independents. You may as well let them
be. Unless you don't want to, of course.

— Dezra, Sabbat flunky

tools —and nothing

‘Guarnr One: Beooounes,


The Salubri bloodline is surrounded by a
miasma of tragedy, loss and hostility. It is
rumored that only seven Salubri exist at any
given time — after reaching Golconda, a
Salubri Embraces a carefully selected childe,
who then destroys her sire via diablerie. Few
Salubri lead unlives longer than a few hundred

years, as they consider the Curse of Caine to b
nd most exist for only a

almost unbearable,
few decades before selecting childer and
destroying themselves. Exactly how this
bloodline attains Golconda so quickly

and often is unknown (if indeed they

do), and many Kindred suspect decep-
Most Kindred perceive the

Salubri as diablerists and murderers,

largely due to Clan Tremere's cease:

campaign against
them. The Tremere use their influ
ence to have blood hunts called upon
the Salubri at the slightest implication
that one may be passing through
Camarilla cities. The Salubri's reputation
as "soulsuckers" precedes them wherever
they go.

According to the tales presented by
individual Salubri, they were once a true
clan, founded by an enigmatic Kindred

known as Saulot, the first vampire to achieve
Golconda. This achievement came only af

who had grown disillusioned with

ter Saul
the corruption of the Kindred, went into the
lands of the East for an untold period of time

When he returned, he bore a mysterious third eye
on his forehead and commanded powers no other
Kindred had seen before. He also told of an escape
from the hell of vampiric existence — Golconda
Aft

attribute the creation of the Inconnu and the

return, he sired few new childer. Some

Brujah's fabled Carthage to Saulot's aid.
Whatever the truth, the Salubri believe

sme back changed in more than mind

aver Stones Covranon
10

SALI

BRI

and body. They believe he sired his last childe

during Caligula's rule and thereafter grew iso:

lated, tending to his childer's pursuit of
Golconda. This isolation proved his undoing,
however. At some unknown point in time, he

entered torpor, perhaps voluntarily. During the
Middle Ages, a group of power-hungry magi
unearthed Saulot's resting place. The most pow

erful of these magi slew the Ancient, slaking
his own thirst on Saulot's blood, It is said

that Saulot did not resist, knowing that it

was his time to pass. To complete the

deed, the cabal of magi hunted Saulot's
childer to near extinction.

The modern Salubri are the lin:
eage of those of Saulot's brood who

managed to escape the purge led by
the magi, at least according to what
information they toldothers. The magi
are believed to hunt them to this very
night, and likely have some connection
to the Tremere

While the Salubti maintain that they
are healers, other Kindred believe them to
be despoilers and thieves of souls. They
are persecuted and hunted, unable to use
their healing powers without revealing
who they are, Few Kindred would risk
‘healing" at the hands of the Salubti

anyway, fearing that their souls — already

in jeopardy due to the Curse of Caine
would be stolen in the process.

The greatest th
Salubri is, however ironically, herself, as all

to an individual

Salubri sacrifice themselves when they sire
new childer by forcing those childer to
Jiablerize them. The Salubri believe that all
souls are damned, and only by attaining
nscend the torment that

Golconda can one t
awaits them after death. Kindred — and kine
I to reach Golconda become ghosts

rapped in between the worlds of the living and
the dead. Of course, being Kindred is no easy


task, and it is a trial that tests the strength of an
individual's soul. As such, Salubri are dedicated pros-
elytizers, and their "propaganda" is probably the source
of much the antipathy other Kindred feel toward them.
Thus, the Salubri eke out secret, desperate unlives,
hounded by their fellow Kindred who refuse to see the
ttuths put before them.
Nickname: Soulsuckers or Cyclops
Seet: The Salubei are shunned (at best) and actively
hhunted (at worst) by both Camarilla and Sabbat. Neither sect
will have them, not thatthe Salubri would join either anyway,
Appearance: There is no uniform look among the
‘Salubri — they are so few and choose progeny on such
individual basis that no generalization exists. Children,
cllerly, the middle-aged and young adults have all popu-
lated the ranks of the Salubti at one time or another, and
hhave hailed from all walks of life
Salubri do bear one physical trait in common,
however. All Salubsi develop a third eye in the middle of
theie forcheads around the time they learn the second level
which is the same color as their
normal eyes, opens any time an Obeah power of second
eater is in use. When the eye is closed, it is barely
le:theeyeslitappearsasnothing more than subtle

ost Kindred who hav
Salubri posit that it
or infernal visions

sthe C
lubri Kindred often hide their th
eves by wearing Gypsy-style headscarves or hats with
ing brims, or behind long bangs.

are able to establish

from the vindictive eyes of

lly keep few physical possessions
quickly)

Backgrounc
viduals with high Humanity
philanthropists, environmentalists,
edly, only Salubri exist at
some Kindred report that this
modern nights — of mor

Mental Attei

been exceptions in th

worth of Generatiort to represent

Salubri also have a few points in the Herd Background.
Clan Disciplines: Auspex, Fortitude, Obeah
Weaknesses: Salubri may take blood only from those

who give it willingly. Ifa Salubri's vessel resists her attempt

tofeed, the Salubri loses point from her Willpower pool and
may have to check for Humanity degeneration at the
Storyteller's discretion.

Organization: The Salubri are too few to have an
actual "organization," though most of the bloodli
lowa similar code. To the Salubri, the pursuit of Golconda
is paramount, and they seem loath to refuse aid to each
other. The Salubri are a loyal lor, and what they lack in
organization they make up for with dedication. Only the
most desperate Salubri would compro: ety
— most would choose death before dishonor. Some elder
Kindred claim to have observed a more cavalier attitude
in the modern Salubri, however, and pethaps a bit of

overt cruelty. Salubri communicate through cryptic words
scribed ina forgotten language. In nights past, the Salubri
would carve these me: es on trees or other markers
they would pass for «
nights, they m

her Salubri to see. In the modern

in the manne

of the Eighth Generation
(conferred by the sires' sacrific childe's Em-
brace). Persistent rumors continue to surface, however
of powerful Kindred traveling from the East bearing the
third eye of Saulot
Quote: Your souls sick, stained by the Curse of Caine
Offer it up to me and I shall cleanse it. You must trust me

ple.
ymnation is not the gore-splattered romp
be. They gladly desecrate their souls

They make a huge issue of some long-forgotten ill they
received. Cry me a river.
— Anja Kazmierz, Ravnos nomad


SHMEDI

The Samedi are vampires

f especially un
k upon. Their

and those who see them

dread), though, as they are

wholesome ilk, and dreadful « racts on Kindred of these

bodlies resemble cor

clans without just cause or considerable payment.

sometimes mistake th

for zombi

There is more to the Samedi bloodline than

Thought to have originated in the Carib ( cultists, however. The bloodline is insular and

bean, the Samedi have strong ties to the secretive; many times, its members often

region's voodoo legacies. They practice a keep their affairs private from even other

nipulate the energies of death, albeit in a

thing other th; nmon interests. A

much more temporal manner than Giovanni few Samedi are known to be members of
Necromaney. Indeed, the Giovanni have very
little

enmity between these Kindred runs deep

the Camarilla or Sabbat, but these offer

to say about the Samedi, and the those sects little information on others

oftheirkind, Arguably theeldest mem:

Some Kindred believe that the Samedi are ber of the bloodline, a vampire known

the result of a vile Giovanni experiment only as the Baron, suggests that the

gone wrong, while other vampires attribute Samedi havea greater role in the Kindred's

Kindred believe that the Samedi are pect. What that may be, the Baron refuses

derelict offshoot of the Nosferatu — one

tospecify, dismissing further questions with

that should have been stillborn. a wave of his rotting hand.

Samedi often involve themselves Nickname: Stiffs

with occult or illegal activities ina city Sect: The Samedi claim membership in
becoming powerful houngans and mam no sect, though individual Stiffs may be
bos or trafficking with superstitious found in the Camarilla and Sabbat when
immigrant criminal elements. Given they choose to bother with such things.

their apparent voodoo roots, the Samedi

Appearance: Samedi Kindred look

~ stages of decomposition. Some Samedi

gic and preyi pulace used t

nap

are putrid, with foul fluids ¢

1g from

the dead walking among them.

their tattered skin, while others are leath.
The Samedi are also notorious as ery, emaciated and look like unwrapped

blind eye to them in spite of their

mummies. The eyes of Samedi vampires
sink deep into their skulls upon the Em

most brace and their lips retract, exposing a ho

Masquerade-threatening involvement with the kine

rictus of teeth and fangs. Additionally, m¢

around them. For the most part, the Samedi keep to. Samedi lose their noses once Embraced as

themselves, and a prince never knows when she may

pits in the center of their
need an ally with "special" abilities. The Stiffs seem facts (theugh thisdoesnotscem tovsffedt thelr

to hold the Nosferatu and Giovanni in some ability to smell scents)


Haven: Samedi make their havens in areas associated
with death, sothat they attract no more undue attention than,
is possible. The Stifs prefer mausoleums, crypts, graveyards,
funeral homes and even ill-attended morgues. A few Samedi
have taken to dwelling with Nosferatu in tunnels beneath,
their cities, but the Nosferatu tend to find the Samedi too
‘morbid for much long-term cohabitation.

Background: The Samedi seem to be a modern phe-
‘nomenon, and no Samedi is suspected to be more than 250
years old, even after their Embrace. In light of this, however,
the Samedi seem more numerous than they have in the past
few decaales, particularly in the voodoo-influenced regions of
the Caribbean and the southern United States. These Kin-
ded are typically loners, and it is uncommon to find more
than two making permanent havens in any given city, no
matter the size. Many Samedi claim to have worked in fields
related todeath during their mortal lives — coroners, morti-
cians, witch doctors, ete. — and almost as many admit to
being suicidal at one point or another before their Embrace.

Character Creation: Samedi typically Embrace those
with a penchant for death, a trait that follows them into
undeath. Many Samedi favor Mental Attributes and
Knowledges while the martial, mercenary members of the
blooxlline cultivate Physical Attributes and Skills or Talents.
Samedi rarely have Herd, Mentor ot Resources Backgrounds.
A significant percentage of the Samedi bloodline,
larly the older members, practices the Dis
Necromancy but it is unknown precisely where
have come actoss thisknowledge,as they appear.
poor terms with the Giovanni.

Clan Disciplines: Fortitude, Obtuscate,

Weaknesses: Samedi are hideous to behol
different manner than the Nosferatu. Whereas tl
are disfigured and monstrous, the Samedi a

ccorpselike and decayed. The fetid stench of the|
the Stiffs as well, and their decomposed skin is

the touch. All Samedi suffer Appearance Traits of , which
may never be increased (though it may be hidden or changed
mystically).

Organization: The Samedi are so few that ifan organi-
zation of hierarchy exists, no one understands it except the
blooline itself. On the rare nights when two Samedi come in
contact with each other, they may pause only briefly to
‘exchange news of rumors before parting ways. A few turbu-
lent rumors sweep through Kindred society about secret
cabals of Samedi gathering in graveyards, but none of these
rumors have been substantiated.

Quote: Do I frighten you? Do I disgust you? A thousand
pardons! Here, let me help you — let me show you what i slike
to bear this curse. Come, feel the cod, foul kiss of true undeath,

Srercorypes
‘Camarilla: Busybodies and pompous bu
claim torepresentus but want to snuff usout lik
all their enemies.
Sabbat: Fire and chaos follows thi

anyone choose the Devil as his mast

\. Why would
‘Te View From Without
‘The Camarilla
Horrid, repulsive and coarse. Someone should do some-
ia Ash, Toreador singer

auen, and their bodies are s0.


ee

The fo
Masquerade

wing Abilities are for use in Vampire The

They are mote specialized than the primary

ones, butare generally distinct enough tobe Abilities in their

own right rather than specialties of the primary ones

One Ability point buys two dots in Secondary Abilities
during character creation (though they may not be pur
chased above three without freebie points, like Primary

Secondary Ability with experience p fe current

rating in experience points —a nun nts equal t

ilities may not be

the level the player desires (thou

increased by more than one in between any given stories).
Additionally, some Secondary Abilities here (Masquerade
lore, and City Secrets) should not be

Camarillaand Sab

available to new vampires, and others (Dem

remarkably hard to find training in.

There are still some tasks that your troupe may decide
don't really fall under any existing Ability. For these, the
Hobby Talent, Professional Skill and Expert Knowledge
Abilities have been provided. These may be made inte
wur character should have
Storyteller

virtually anything that you think y

1 rating in. However, this is always subject to
approval. Some things may
Abilities. Professional Skill: Lo

fit under Security. Some other Traits may not be what the

betteras specialties of existing

icking, for instance, would

Storyteller really wants in her game, such as Expert Know!-
edge: Nuclear Warhead

Storyteller is the final authority in such matters.

As always, the

Ste COND ABS"

As a final note, use of these Secondary Abilities is
purely optional — Storytellers should feel free not 0 use
complication. If your game is fine without them, forget

TALENTS

Grace

Veroni ed into the Digital Lounge withou
bothering to pay the cover — they knew her here. She caught
Andrei's eye and made her way to the table where one of th

Andrei snarled befor
1 the
his ghouls to remove her

mouth to exp) I told you to stay

Hen

with a glare

Andrei. "I'm here t

ight stepped forward. Andrei stared

wo: Seconoary Asumes

5


a good first impre

conversely, characters with high Grace ratings get along with

peo

Media Pers

character. Talents can be deve
some (such as Brawl) may be taught

This is the ability to function "smoothly" in a social
inthehallsof power, making

ping, cutting de
on a visiting archon and h

ple in any crowd and often have high Contacts ratings.
Novice: Debutante

© Competent: Hollywood celebrity
Expert: Public relat

* Master: Vampire prince

Possessed by: Elder K dred,

director

sip, Rumor Control

Specialties: First tore ns, C

hemes, Veiled Threats

CTION

disgust

eyed her basement wit 1
We're at war

Absolutely pathetic

s reached tentatively through
eve. He cringed as she tuned
s, yes, I know the others are waiting! I'll be
ick to her class. "Now, ery it

She tume
then retract the by
She paused and sneered, "You may feed... once

ie, then smooth the

Behind Johanna, her five ne

with misshapen appenday

Those who can, ose who can't, teach," goes the
Actually, th an make the best teachers, but

hey still need this Ability to pass their expertise on to

thers. Any Skill or Knowle

ht with the Storyteller's approval. The teacher cannot
ma higher level of the subject than her level of
Instruction. For instance, if Johanna has Occult 5 but
mn 3, she cannot teach her childera higher level

Ins
Oce
tion to her pupils.

Every month spent Instructing a pupil allows the in
structor tomakea Manipulation + Instruction roll (difficulty
f 10 - the student's Intelligence, or 9 Intelligence if the
roll gives the student one experience point to
the Sk wledge or Discipline in quest
require asubstantial amount of downtime, and
be required to make Intelligence, Wits or Willp.
embrace particularly difficult (quantum phys

tizing (fire-walking) subjects.

it than 3. She has the information herself, but she

have the means to convey such advanced informa.

or trauma:

nS Companion


Si

P
Bad Cop, Journalism, Long-Term

Again Members

Intt




Possessed By: Actors, Linguists
Pranksters, Birdwatchers

Spe
Spe

ties: Accents, Celebrities, Birds an
Studied Subjects

Si

Maris entered
her lithe form
pinned high at

that surround angels. This was n

was something far less wholesom

he fine art of knowing how

appropriately — which isn't necessarily the s
knowing how to dress well. You may not be the bes
looking h, but you know
how to use what you have. Heads turn when

st charming of the bu

n, simply because you can make yourself
match any occasion of location, fr
Tore

art show to a warehouse rave. Character:

with high Style ratings may have large wardrobes
may simply wear one thing well (like Johnny Cash)
Style encompasses clothing choice, poise and eve
coordinating or designing new outfits. A minim
Style 3 is necessary to incorporate body armor
street clothing without it being obvious (see th
Equipment chapter).

Note that Style differs from Grace i
cool, while Grace is ac

. Novice: You've g

Practiced: Your friends always take you along for

advice when they go shopping.

Competent: You stand out among the sheep.
Expert: Your outfits grace the bo

fashion models.

see Master: Your ideas influence international
fashion trends.

Possessed By: Socialites, Models, Designers, Theatrical
Wardrobe Staff, the Gifted Few

Specialties: Classic, Ethnic, Street Fashion, Haute C
ture, First Impressions
THROWING
Thunk
L

‘What the hell are you d
Just making a lie bi of spending me
fren comp al." Duach'shandse

in practice in case things

Corey ask

moment. "And keep


easy task, Throwing

Competition

Making things fly that are

Possessed By
Locals, M

Specialties: Sports, Specific

VeNTRILOQUISM

Wh

for even more €
Ventril
be substituted for

oe Master: Y


Possessed By:
some Mediums

Speciale
mate Objects

Entertainers, Con Artists, Pranksters,

Distance, Dummy, Other People, Inani:

Honny TALent
Thiscategory encompasses anything that the Storyteller
deems to be m:

always —ex.

nly self-taught and is usually (though not
Style) more active than intellectual. Storytell.
ets should first examine the list of existing Talents and

ticular activity might
jwimming and Climb.

‘Secondary Talents to determine if,

under one of those (for examp!

ing would be specialties of Athletics).

© Novice: You've dabbled.

© Practiced: You've got a good grasp of your
hobby's basics.

se Competent: Other practitioners regard you as faitly
skilled and competent.
eee Expert: Youare familiar with the subtle nuancesand

applications of your Talent
M
Perhaps you already have.

‘uggested Hobby Talents: Carou:
tune Telling, Negotiation, Scrounging

SKILLS

ster: You could write a book on what you do.

Diplomacy, For:

Toshiro glanced at the proffered rifle in his partner's hand.
"Thank you, no. Guns have no soul

"Yeah, and neither will you if that bastard drinks it

The door shattered, shards of steel flying as the frenzied
vampire burst into the room. Four guns opened up, bullets
punching wildly through the walls or flatening against skin six
old, The monster roared challenge, lashing out to
dismember and rend.

Toshiro drew, focused

‘waited for the moment of perfect
clarity. .. felt bow and arrow and archer and target become ome.
and released. The elder's wordless scream cutoff abruptly as he
crumpled to the floor, his heart transfixed by an oaken shaft.
ered his bow and smiled faintly. "For some
things, the old ways are still the best.

Although bows have long since been supplanted
by firearms in the modern world, there are still enough
hobbyists

ind hunters to keep them around. Many
Kindred elders, too, remember the nights before gun-
powder and still st

in practice. Archery encompasses
¢ use of both regular bows and crossbows as well as

construction and the creation of new

Archery in the Equipment chapter for minimum
Archery values for the construction of various types
of bows),

Novice: You remember hunting as a mortal archer.

¢* Practiced: If you were still inclined toward ea
venison, you could get your own with ease
‘Competent: Yournay havebeenamedi
Expert: Your prowess is nigh legendary.
cer: Robin Hood or William Tell

Possessed By: Elder Kindred, Hunters, Hobby Enthusi-
asts, Competitors, Traditionalists

Specialties: Indirect Fire, Forests, Competition, Preci-
sion Shots, Hunting

jwoodsman,

Demon rtions

"Two minutes. C'mon, Theo, c'mon!"

The Brujah frowned. A single drop of blood-sweat coursed
down his forehead. "Easy, kid. It's been 30-some years since |
did this." He glanced up absently. "Needle-nose pliers. Is the
building clear?"

Everyone except the prince. He's refusing to leave. Says
he's lived here for wo centuries."

"Stubborn sonofabitch. Gimme that plastic probe — I need
hing nonconductive

"Fifteen seconds. Jesus.

"Yeah, I know. Right
might hurt

Demolitions encompasses both the use of explo-
sives and the knowledge of how to keep them from
blowing up at inconvenient times. Characters with this
Skill know the proper methods for stor
and u

Cross your fingers, This

specialty of Science). Proper Ds
extremely hard to come by, and Storytellers should f
no qualms whatsoever about denying c!
rating over | in this Skill. Low levels

\cters any
this Skill are
ng experi-

ences involve
fatal. See the Ex
chapter for more

ing a lesse

Equi

plosives section of thi

formation
u've read The Anarchist's Cookbook and
ibe a couple of military handbooks. You can

manage pipe bombs or small black powder cha

. ovice: Y

You are as much of a danger to yourself as to
anyor
ee Practiced: You have gone through some b
tary 0 ing. whatto
do. You can place premade changes (e.g. satchel
charges) if told what to do by a more experienced
‘combat engineer or ordnance technician.
‘Competent: You may have been a combat
oran ondn:

mili

more of what to not do t

ce technician. Defusing simple devices
ircapabi
the best way to seta simple shaped charge

iswithiny

ordinary target. This is the minimum rating neces-
sary to set your own charges from raw materials.

‘Vane Stones Companion


Expert: fyousought gainful employment, youcould
casily be hired as an EOD (Explosive Ordna
Disposal) technician, or perhaps made the head of

a bomb squad. You can figure out complex, booby
trapped triggering mechanisms, and you know how

toposition charges to bring down an entire structure

Master: Law enforcement agencies across the globe
call you to consult in crises — or to help figure out
what happened in the wake of a blast.

Possessed By: Terrorists, Police Bomb Squads, Combat
Engineers, Miners, Special Forces Personnel, Militia Mem:
bers and Wannabes
Specialties: Disarming, Booby Traps, Imploding Build
ings, Bomb Detection, Vehicles, Blast Analysis

Disourse

Ron frowned and reached
said, If you keep mov
to do my j

Hold still, I

w latex won't set right. How do you

wr another brush

lik

Nosferatu squirmed uncomfortably

Those lights are
so hot. Is this really worth it

‘Well, I need them to dry this. If you w
appearance
cameras. Now, which dress are y

ch

10 make a public

you can't rely on your powers to hide you from

dng to wear? I'll find some

colored contacts t0

Disguise allows you to alter your own appearance and
sthetics. All of

nely difficult without access to the

those of others with the ps

clothing and props, and, at higher levels, p
these tasks are ext
proper materials.

. Novice: You've taken a basic class in stage makeup
You can do some very basic and subtle effects, but
impersonating someone else is beyond you.

2 Practiced: Yo

ther you nor the person you're impersonating. You

can fool someone who knows nei

could put together hortor-type makeup for a

haunted h

Competent: You can effect substantial changes in

ances from casual acquaintances.
Expert: You could find employment as a cinematic

ikeup technician, and can create a hundred dif
ferent faces for yourself or your subjects. Gender

switching is not out of the question if your subject

can do the voice and body language
Master: A Nosferatuct

Jntransformationsthat most people

Toreador makeover artist

wld think impossible

rx Two: Seconouy Asumes


Possessed By: Entertainers,
Techni
Specialties: Theater and Television, False Wounds and
Disfigurements, Concealing Identity, Impersonating Others

ies, Con Artists, FX.

ns

HERBALISM

"Yes, yes, [know what it does to mortals, but will it work on
the prince?"

‘The Assamite nodded. "We have our ways, Warlock. The
formula you provided me has been... refined, and it will be
delivered when Iam certain Ican strike. I trust you have arranged
payment?"

"Indeed. Now go, before I'm seen with you. And be quick
‘about your task! I have a personal interest in observing the effects
of my—ah, of our work."

The Assassin rose and strode wordlessly down the
street. A slight smirk flickered across her otherwise impas
sive features. "I never said where I'd strike," she murmured
‘once out of earshot. "The prince has an equal interest, it
seems, in watching the effects of the ancient formulas upon
his less trusted advisors..."

You have a knowledge of herbs and other
stances and their properties for both medici
applications. You know where such ingredients are likely to
be found, and you can gather and preserve them.

. Novice: You re
Practiced: Youleared everything your grandmother
had to teach you.

a book on herb lore once.

© Competent: You are well-versed in the uses of even
rate plants

Expert: Youare well known in regional and nature

lover circles a a source of wisdom:

ster: In the nights of old, you could have bee
wealthy apothecary
Possessed By: Wiccans and Wannabes, Holistic Heal-
ers, Alchemists, Medicine Men
ipecialties: Cooking, Medicine, Toxins, Narcotics and
Hallucinogens, Charms

Lip Reapina

Hesha strained at his field glasses. "I can't quite make
‘out what he's saying... damn Nosferatu, they don't have any
lips to watch. He's... yes... ‘My contingent and I will be
preparing to depart tonight," he just told the prince. ‘Our
presence in your city is no longer necessary." Good. With
that archon out of the way, we'll be able to go ahead. ‘We'll
bbe moving on to New York," I think he said. Are you writing
this down?"

You are able to understand speech without hearing the
actual words, as long as you can see the subject's mouth
moving. Although you can rarely get the entire sentence, you
‘can usually figure out what's being said from context.

. Novik
with ex:
2° Practiced: ¥
fairly slowly and you concentrate.

If someone talks slowly and et

gerated movements, you

ngetmostof it.

ks

understand if someon

‘Competent: You can usually comprehend normal
conversation.

Expert: Even under poor lighting and dist
‘can usually make out most of a se

nee, you
ence,

aster: Smoke, night and ventriloguism are no

barriers to you. You c ke out foreign

languages if you speak them fluently.
Possessed By: Spies, Detectives, Hearing-Impaited In-
dividuals

Specialties: Accents, Poor Lighting, Drunks, Fast Talk-
ers, Covert Observation:
Meprration

"Hey, Hiro, you in here?" The door swung open. "Oh."

One tufted ear swiveled slightly at the intrusion, and a
taloned finger twitched minutely on the hilt of the katana, The
figure kneeling in the center of the circle of candles made no other
acknowledgment, but continued his low, repetitive chant. A slight
breeze ruffled the small slips of paper spread on the floor asthe
door swung shut again.

The moonlit shadows of the trees outside slowly crept across
the polished lor. As the first hint of dawn brightened the easter
sky, Hiro fell silent and rose smoothly to his feet. He opened the
door and bowed tothe anxious faces of his companions. "Ibe
Thave the answ
order tofocus your mind inward. Thiscan be used tod

wwe seek," he intoned quietly

able to enter a state of trance and relaxation in

with,

mental and physica

problems, to find calm again, o to put

together pieces of sest0

puzzle that your conscious mind re
grasp. A successful Intelligence + Meditation roll (difficulty
7) isnecessary to enter this trance state. Once in trance, each

hour can be used to attempt one of the following tasks:
* Tore

(difficulty 9);

power point
elf

Willpower

nce + Meditation

h success restores one temporary Will-

a riddle oF to u
ion (difficulty 9);
cesslowersthe difficulty of your next Investigation of Eni
roll by one

empting to solv

clues, roll Perception + Med ach suc

© To overcome wound penalties, roll Stamina + Medi
tation (difficulty of the number of health levels of
your character has suffered + 2); the numbe

mage
of successes you
tof wound penalty dice youmay
ignore for the rest ofthe night. For example, if Hito's player
scores three successes, all dice pool penalties due to injuries

are reduced by three, soany penalty up to-3 would be ignored
entirely, and a four-die wound penalty would be treated as a
one-die penalty. Incapacitated characters are still incapable

‘Vawene Sroneusss Coweanson


andless of how many wound penalty dice they

gnore for lesser levels of injury. This roll can

be made only once per night.
* To steel your character against his Beast, roll Wits +
Medit:

(difficulty of 10 - Self-Control rating); each

isan extra die you may use in your next roll for your

ter to resist frenzy. This roll can be made only once per

pt, and all benefits are lost when your character sleeps at

the end of the night
If the trance is interrupted enough to break it before
brief conversation will not interfere but any

ice will break the trance), all benefits

thehourisu

are lost. Meditation also requires a focus — yogic p

tions, chanting, etc. — to be effective, otherwise no

benefits are conferred
. Novice: You read up on trance states once

** Practiced: You are serious about your self

mplation and have attained a respectable

amount of focus

¢¢ Competent: You have studied under a master

Expert: You can find peace even when everything is
Hell

Yes
Possessed By: Mystics
pires Seeking Goled

w Agers, Martial Artists

wendence, Adverse Conditions, Calm

and Centering, Problem Analysis

Puor

bird strike or something

sake! Find where

it the ellis that chin

Lipsed by immense

at us. Hang on, I'm

operate air or sea vehicles. Pilot must be
bought separately for each vehicle type listed be

thter pilot may not k

perate a ferry hovercral

he Storyteller's discre

s if they were two
lot Transpor/P:

to operate a small
(Commuter Aircraft
uiser would be right out of the question.
er, however, that most

hould remem


Re


Actually
I think "fool" has a ni

gicians, Aspiring Ca $
ies: Cards, Pickpocket, "Conjura

tion," Entertainment, Shoplifting

PRoressionat


. Competent: You could make a living, although not
a fortune, doing what you d

Expert: You
Skill, and are

now the more esoteric uses of your
ly at a loss

seeee acknowledged authority on your

Suggested Professional Skills: Blacksmith, Cooking,
Fast-Draw, Forgery, Game Playing, Gi
Navigation, Tortu

smith, Mechanic,

KKNowLenGes
Area Know enc

How many cops we got back there, brother:
asked the two in the back seat

Tyrus

Four, maybe five pigs. No bikes — they're all squad
cars, "Can you outrun them?

Not with y'all motherfuckers weighing us down
Tyrus snarled, "Anthius, where can we hide around here?

Take a right up here; there's an alley on the far

side of that pawn shop that's too narrow for them to
get through

The old Dodge groaned in protest as Tyrus threw the car
into a hard turn, Garbage and dead cats squelched beneath
the tires, and last week's front page of the Chicago Tribune
briefly flattened itself against the windshield. "Where now?'

Anthius frouned at the stret signs asthe car shot out into traffic
again. "Two blocks down and left, there's an empey office building
We can ditch the car and hide in there

Y amiliar with the geography and
and politics of an.

ally a city. This Knowledge docs
which are covered by C
Lore and City Secrets, below. It does in
x pl ng turf, local celebri
ties and special events

not include Kindred affai
and Sabl
nightspots, hi

cs, hospitals,

. Student: You've read Fodor's
*¢ College: You may have lived in the area for a couple
of years,

Masters: You've been a resident for
Doctor
region your who
'¢ Scholar: You could write the definitive book on the
city, and may have spent se
Possessed By: Locals, Cops, Tour G
ners, Reporters
pecialties: History, Geography, Politics, Transporta-
tion, Law, Customs, Celebrations

decade of so,

You're a native and have lived in the

ife — or unlife.

Bureaucracy

"Youdon't understand: Stephan pounded the ticket agent's
deskana waved his press pass inher face one more time. "I didn't
change my reservation — I have to be on the 7:35 flight out!
Ie... i's vitally imporeane that I leave here!

I'm sorry, sir," she said without a trace of remorse,
but according to our computers, you did indeed cancel
your reservation. If you'll just have a seat, we can put you
on the 9:20 to Detroit, where you can change over to an
LA. flight
Stephan sank almost to his knees, barely steadying himself on
¢ of the desk. "You don't understand," he whispered.
"They'll be here for me soon..."

Bureaucracy represents your ability to get what you
want out of "the syster whether through paperwork,
phone calls or bribery. This Knowledg
nipulating city officials, nav

ing the politic
even operating a bureaucracy of your own de:

with high Bureaucracy are among the most organized
people in existence
. ident: You can keep a small company organized.

2* College: ¥
structures.

inderstand the real

sics of power

29% Masters: Youcan perform stalling tactics for as long.

Employees, Lawyers, Politicians, Journalists
Specialties: Ne c
Stalling,

wernment, Mili

CAMARILLA Lorne
Jan thoughtfully tapped te letter against his thighas he stared
out the window of his study
personally?'
The messenger bowed.
warmest regards.

‘Surprising, considering that we never got on well when |
passed through Chicago—," Jan tumed, fangs bared. "And also
considering that he's been dead for six years! Now tell me the
truth, whelp, before I lose what little patience your transparent
deception has left me!

You know about the Ca
its leaders, both the re
know history, the names of

‘You say Prince Lodin sent you

Yes, Mr. Pieterzoon. He sends his

ones and the figureheads. You

id justicars, the
s, legends, the current "Most
ajor play
Knowledges
many do not concern th he
affairs of the political entity to which they belong. It is
difficult foran outsider tohave more than two dots inthis
Knowledge, and only the best-informed mortals will
have even one.

= ‘Student: Wh:
bothered to ask.

College: What most Ventrue know

Masters: What most Nosferatu or Tremere know.

decisions of past concl

Wanted" list and the political stances of th

members have this

ers. Not all Camaril

selves with the night-to

ny member would know if she

Viens Stones Covaneon


* Doctorate: What most princes and archons know
Scholar: What only the justicars and Inner Circle
atives know

repres
Possessed By: Camarilla Members, Sabbat Spies and
Paladins, Wise Members of the Independent Clans

s: History, Le

Special
Level Politics, Lawsand Con

ls, Princes, Justicars, High-
e Decisions, Current Affairs

Cry Secrets

*Sitdown, boy." Marsha pulled the unresisting neonate into
4 chair to punctuate her words
really runs this place

The younger Ventrue blinked.
twas in charge. I mean, isn't he always?

Marsha sighed. "What are they teaching you up north these
nights? Honestly, Idon'tknow why the directorate sent youdoun
here. Now pay attention. You see those two plotting over in the
er there? No, don't look right at them
The neonate nodded mutely, toying with his cufflinks.
"Those are two of the primogen — the tall, scrawny
‘one's Philip, and the short one who looks like he didn't get
any sleep yesterday is Richard. They and the rest of the clan
elders really run this city. Marcus hasn't been more than a
figurehead for years now. Philip has a special hold on the
prince, because last year Marcus' favorite childe got him-
self in a bit of a mess with the Tremere
T know that

Time for your lesson om who

thought Prince Marcus

never mind how

You know things, City Secrets is a measure of how
much a character knows of the hidden
the local intr \d social structures
htly double-dealings (not neces ly of the
either — "I remember a priest who said this
place was cursed back when they built this building").
City Secrets cannot be acquired during charact

fairs of a cit

ues and power plays

eration, but only through direct experi
suggested that the Storyteller

ence points for City Secrets at the end of every game
their fa

session during which the characters incr
miliarity with the local Kindred world. Inf
about Kindred a
character multiple -crets ratings: a Camarilla
courier might have City Secrets (Boston) 4, City Se-
erets (D.C.) 2, and City Secrets (Baltimore) 3 while
knowing nothing about the Kindred of New York
. Student: A mere childe, not even presented to the
prince; you don't even bother to keep up with the
local television news.
©% College: A naive young leech, you have barely
begun your descent; occasionally, you make a con-
nection between appearances and realities

irs in different cities
City S

see Masters: You know what not to do, which can be
even more important than what to do.
e090 Doctorate: You may be an advisor to the mayor or

the prince.

#2000 Scholar: Only the prince and the elder of the local
Nosferatu might know more than you.
Possessed By: Kindred, Ghouls, Very Lucky Hunters,
Local Reporters
Specialties: Prince/Archbishop, Primogen/Prisci, Cote-

ries/Packs, The Opposition, High Society, Masquerade, Where
the Power Lies, Who's Screwing Who, Historical Rivalries,
Political Mistakes

Cryptocrapny

"We just got this from the archbishop. He says it was taken
off a Camarilla courier, but we can't read it. Can you make
anything out of this?"

Kathryn nodded. "I've seen this before, or some:
thing like it. It's a Soviet code scheme from the late
50's, probably straight off a surplus encryption ma
chine. Give me a couple of hours and I should have
something for you. Oh, and I'll need another notebook
a dozen pencils and a Russian-English dictionary. No,
make that Russian-Spanish. Moncada will wane it in his
native language."
are skilled at both creating and breaking
codes and ciphers. With an Intelligence + Cryptogra:
phy roll (base difficulty 7, but h
complex or technical messages), yo
code that can be read only by someone who scores as

‘der for extremely

can construct @

many successes as you on the same roll. You can also
break a code in the same manner
specialized equipment and a c
Computer, and government cipher
may be literally unbreakable.
© Student: Crossword pu:
spositions and the like

ome codes require
responding level of
may take weeks or

master: simple word

" ‘ollege: Military signals officer: simple
mathematical formulae
. Masters: Intelligence analyst: PGP or other

commercial ciphers
Doctorate: CIA cipher specialist: low-security
military communications
seeee Scholar: The NSA'sfinest: top-secret bum-before-
reading codes
Possessed By: Mathematicians, Computer Program-
mers, S| Military Intelligence Officers, NSA Technici:
Specialties: Data Compression, Specific Nation's Ci-
phers, Mathematical Encryption, Alphabetical Encryption,
Radio Communications, Commercial Protocols

Exromas

"Come now, Kemintiri. Surely there must be some way into
your lair. Even you must enter and exit, otherwise it's not much
of alr..."

Hesha studied the smal building intenty, the light from the moon
ithoninating nothing on the facade that appeared to hide a portal.

‘Gurren Two: Seconary Asumes
ry


Ifthis isthe ‘Devil's Den,' as youclaim, how does the Devil
come and go? Unless—" Hesha stopped short, smiled to himself
cand walked around to the rear of the stone edifice. He pressed a
sinall gem into a rough stone socket at the foundation of the
building, and the stone slab slid quietly open.

‘Of course. The Devil enters and leaves through the back of
men's heaals at the base of their necks," Hesha chuckled to himself

and entered the darkness below him,

allows you to pull together information for
puzzles of all shapes and sizes. With this K
piece together relevant facts and details

herent whole. Enigm:

multiple veils of deception that Kindred and kine alike
ound the

selves with on a nightly basis.

. Stuxlent: You can put together a large jigsaw ps

or solve simple riddles from mythology.

College: M

© Masters: Your powers of deduction cast a blinding
light on the dark schemes of lesser minds.

zine logic problems are a snap.

Doctorate: Chaos or conspiracy theories
mental toys.

Scholar: You understand some higher power's
designs on the inner workings of the

rerse

Possessed By: Sages, Philosophy Professors, Detectives,
Intelligence Analysts, Gamers,
Mysties

Aetaphysicians, New Age

Specialties: Riddles, Dream Interpretation, Conspira
cies, Quantum Physics, Chaos Theory
Researcnu

Andrea rubbed her achin
to make some sense of the ni

es and shuffled her nots, erying
‘White eagles, blue
silk and
The bastard's true name is in here somewhere, 1
know itis. If I just didn't have so damn many books to go through!
Haven't these people ever heard of CD-ROM?'

Anyone who wants to find a specific pi

's work,
‘canaries, Methuselahs, Malkavians, rowan, iromwo
Toledo steel.

ice of informa
n needs this Knowledge. Research and the right
can help you find almost anything that any
down, Many Research projects involve extended rolls and
hts' work, and some things may not be in the most
accessible of libraries

ne'sever writt

. Student: You are familiar with public libraries and
Web search en

©* College: You may work part-time as a research
asistant. Youknow how touse Gopherand FTP systems,
as well as several obscure hardcopy filing methods

Masters: You are familiar with some private

archives in yo of study

Doctorate: With time, youcan findalmost anything
you need to know,

seeee Scholar: Youare virtually a walking cross-reference
library, and know whe

to start looking before the
question has been fully phrased.
Possessed By: Professors, Writers, Journalists, Libra
ians, Detectives, Scholars
Specialties: Online, Arcane and Occult, Oral Tradi
tions,

Folklore, Specific Knowledge, Interviews, Speed
Keeping Your Search Quiet

Sannat Lore
bonfire flickered, casting deep shadows over the as-
dred. "We are gathered here," the pack priest in
ass judgment on a traitor — a Camarila spy whom,
of our blood. Do you have any last words before
are given new form to suit your acts?"
‘Skeet writhed vainly in the grip ofthe two paladins who held
him. "You bastards! You have no idea who you're dealing with
Just because 1 don't know all of your secret handshakes and
bullshit Texas chupacabra rituals doesn't make me a Camarilla
pawn! I serve the Bishop of Detroit, and he'll have your heads on
pikes along the fucking interstate!

The priest whirled suddenly, transfixing Skeet with her icy
we the Bishop of Detroit? Then you know
ders of the Black Hand claim that title and battle for
one of them do you serve? Answer truly, and we

You know about the Sabbat. ¥
power where, which faction is in

u know who holds

against the Camarilla is going well

tenets of va

and where it's faili

history, th ous belie
systems and the reputations of famous (or infamous)
packs. No shave this Knowledge; the

Creation Rites do not always allow

to give new
impossible for an
nore than two dots in this Knowledge,
and very few mortals survive long enough to have even
one. Sabbat Lore may not be

members detailed briefing. Itisal

outsider to

acquired during character

. Student: What most members who live long enough
to ask know.

College: What most pack priests and leaders
members know

Masters: What most bishops and Lasombra know
Doctorate: Whatthe
Scholar: What
regent know
Possessed By: Sabbat Members, C:

rchbishopsand paladinsknow

ly the prise, cardinals and

narilla Spies and

Arch

Specialties: History, Legends, Leadership, The Sabbat
Inquisition, High-Level Politics, Current Affairs, Auctoritas

‘Vavrae Stonnautis Coueanon



Many and varied are the supernatural abilities of the
an of Kin:
unlife has to offer. A

Children of Caine, yet even the most cosmor
dred is unlikely to have seen everythin

few bloodlines possess their own unique abilities, stemming

This chapter examines the Disciplines practiced by the
bloodlines presented in Chapter One. As mentioned, these
proportionately so. Unless a Kindred has dealt with these
powers before, thete is no reason for a character to have any
familiarity with these Disciplines. Storytellers are advised te
use the Disciplines, like their parent bloodlines, frugally, t

preserve Vampire's sense of mystery and malignant wonder.
Additionally

to others of their kind — the v

ost Kindred are loath to reveal their secrets
must be an interesting character indeed.

Gam

Ultimately, these powers are here for your use. They are
and the unknown, not to

stock up on. Like the
earlier, feel free to ignore these powers

best implemented as tooks of horrc

vodlines present
+ disallow players to make use of them. Familiarity breeds

contempt, and confronting characters with a mysterious

power is more effective if they don't know the ins and outs of

he Disciplines

Thisisbecause not ever

generation to master the highest levels
The low
lieved

generation any Daughter of
have attained is the sixth, while the Samedi are
ww the fifth. Many Kindred

ff Obeah to have fallen into

Cacophony is be

have no member b
even suspect the highest level

srity, as there are no known Salubri of sufficient genera

hts. Whether or not any of this

never be k


MELPOMINEE


0° MapRicaL

The Kindred may imbue her audience with the emotions
expressed in her song, rousing them to passion of deluging
them with seemingly bottomless despair. Princes on good
terms with Daughters of C

cophony sometimes have the
ses croon before they make an appe
ing their fellow Kindred with a sense of loyalty

System: The player rolls Charisma + Perfo
(difficulty 7).
a fifth of the
cesses have noa oryteller decides
precisely which members of the audience are affected
Characters may resist this power for the duration of the
scene with the expenditure of a Willpower point, but
only if they have reason to believe that they are being
controlled by outside individuals. The song the vampire
she wishes to engen:
der — no one's going to mob the concert security no
matter how well she sings "High Hopes," but they might
if she wails "Cop-killer."

Affected individuals should actin accordance with their
Natures
statt o

songst

ance, bolster:

h success instills the chosen emotion in
indred's audience (mo

than five suc

sings must also reflect the emotio

aged Conformists would join a riot but not
used Bravos may force their
object of their desire, and jea

ntions on the
ous Directors may send ¢

cer their rivals.
© 00 @ SineN S BECKONING

hhis power reaches deep into its victims' souls to twist
their psyches.
its victims. Malk

Beckoningcauses temporary insanity in

ind vampires in Gole
the former

Do warped to be

further affected, and the latter are too centered. Siten's

fect only one victim

\'s Beckoning 1

a time.

n extended, re-

sisted roll. The pl ipulation + Performance
(difficulty of the target's Willpower); the vic
rolling Willpower (difficulty of the singer's
Performance). Ifthe
than the vietim:

n resists by

Pi

more successes

yy point, the hapless soul acquires
derangement (or Psychological Flaw) of the Sroryteller's
choice. This derangement normally lasts for one night per
success over five. With a total of 20 net successes, the
Daughter can make it permanent.

ee eee VintuOSA

Although n
a vampire to
have mastered the Discipli
ence, as it were.

low-level Melpominee powers allow
ata time, those who
ider audi-

ct only one targ

entertain a

System: The Daughter may use Phantom Speaker or

Beckoning on a number of targets equal to her
+ Performance. The player must spend one blood

Stamin
point for every five targets beyond the first to be affected in

such a manner.

(Gumne Tiatt:

© © SHATTERING CRESCENDO
Mortal singers can shatter wineglasses with their
voices by finding the precise pitch at which the glass
resonates. A talented Daughter of Cacophony can go
beyond the destruction of relatively fragile objects, pitch:
ing her voice to find the resonant frequency of virtually
any object, including a human or Kindred body. Only
fone victim at a time can be affected by Sh
Crescendo; anyone else within earshot will he
ing, though not harmful, shriek

System: Use of this power requires th
within hearing range (characters with h
ties — or Heightened Senses — are affected a

tering

the victim be
difficul
the same
range as other victims). The player spends one blood
point and rolls Manipulatio

+ Performance (difficulty
of the target's Stamina + Fortitude). Each success inflicts
one health level of aggravated damage. If using this
power on an inanimate object, the Storyteller deter
mines how many dice (if any) with which the object may
"and how many successes needed to completely
shatter it

© ©@ Densistent EcHo
With this power, the Daughter can speak or sing to
irand leave her words for a later list

she uses this power or a specific individual that she is

-quainted with. Persistent Echo

uspend" other Melpominee powers for a futu
tener of victim

System: The player rolls Stamin
(difficulty 8) and spends a blood point. E
‘one turn of speech that may be left to be heard later. If the
player wishes to time-delay another Me
the roll for

+ Performance

h success yields

power,
t power must be made at +1 difficulty. The

echo stays suspended for a maximum number of nights
equal to twice the vampire's Stam
before fading.

The Kindred may choose to make the echo audible to
anyone who stands in her position for the duration of the
power — in effect, an endlessly looped mystic recording.
Conversely, she may choose for it to fade away once
heard for the first time. She may also choose to leave it
dormant until activated by the presence of a specific
individual with whom she is familiar. If the echo is made
a one-time-only effect, all traces of the power disappear
once the vampire's words echo to the i

a + Performance

ded recipi

Ifacharacter uses Heightened Senses in an area where
nactivated" echo exists, he will hear a faint murmur,
Th ona Perception + Occult roll (difficulty
8) are necessary to hear the message, and a botch on this

roll will deafen the listener for the rest of the night.

Dscrunes


ORBEAH

Although most modem Kindred who have heard of the
know of them as soul-stealing abominations who
should be reported tothe prince, some eer stil remember

Jouble-edged blade, gentle healers on one
hand and matchless holy warriors on the other. Some Kin-

dred have reported dealing with
frightening mar
ofan

alubri who possesses
I prowess. Whether or not thisis the resule
wism of this Discipline or an entirely separate power
known,

The characteristic thirdeye of the
the tin

ubriappearsaround
any vampire, regardless of clan or bloodline,
The eye opens whenever
any power of second level or higher is used. The Salube give
‘no concrete answer as to how or why this occurs. The most
common theory is that th

develops the second level of Obe

servesasa conduit for spiritual

energies, both sensing

id emitting them,

© Sense Viratiry

The
touchit
ama
in si

feel the flow of a subject's life force after
lity maybe usedtodeterminehow much
in withstand before death, which can be useful
ial opponent. It can also aid in medical
itcan reveal infections and diseases
System: The Salubst must touch the
close to death she is. This also requites a Perception +
Empathy roll (difficulty 7).One success on this roll identifies

enon!
ng UP a pote
diagnosis ot feeding,

to see how

a subject as a

tal, vampire, ghoul or other cre:

none of th
levels of
how full the

above. Two successes reveal how many he:
e the subject has suffered. Thi
ject'sblood pool is (if

esuccessestell
pite) or how many
blood points she has left in her system (if a mortal ot other
blood -bearing form of life). Four successes reveal any diseases
in the subject's bloodstream, such as hemophilia or HIV. A

player may opt to lear the information yielded by
degree of success — for example, a player who accumulates
nay 1
Vampire as well as the contents of his blood pool
Altemately, this power may be used as a sort of limited
"aftersight! ing to the Salubri how the subject came tobe
inhercurrent state. Each successon thistoll allows the player to
ask the Storyteller one question about the subject's health or
as he drugged?" or "Are his wounds aggra-
J questions, but "Did the Sabbat do this?" or
1e who killed him look like" are not. The
Salubri may use this power on herself if she has injuries but has
somehow lost the memory of how the wounds were received.

three success

im whether or not a subject is a

© Anestnetic Touch

This power may be used to block a voluntary subject's
pain from wounds or di
nse Vi

c, oF to put a mortal to sleep. As
lity, physical contact is required to anaesthe-
This power may not be used to block the
Salubei's own pain

System: If the subject is willing to undergo this process,
the player needs to spend a blood point to block the subject's
pain and make a Willpower rol (difficulty 6). Thisallows the
subject to ignore all wound penalties for one turn per suc
A second application of thispower maybe made once the irst
cone has expired, at the cost of another blood point and
another Willpower roll If che subject is unwilling for some
reason, the player must make a contested Willpower roll
against the subject (difficulty 8).

To puta mortal to sleep, the same system applies. The
mortal sleepsforfive to 10hours—whateverhisnormal sleep,
cycle is—and regains one temporary Willpower point upon
awakening. He sleeps peacefully and does not suffer night
mares of the effects of a

y Derangements while asleep. He
may be awakened normally (or violently)

Kindred are unaffected by this pow
bodies are too tied to death,

— their corpselike

Corpore Saxo

The Salubri may heal the injuries of others by laying his
hands over the wound and channeling his own ene
the healing process. The subject feels a warm tingling in the
as it heals.

This power works on any living or undead
creature, but the character must touch the actual injury (or
the closest part of the victim's body in the case of internal
injuries). Each health level to be healed requires the expen
diture of one blood point and one turn of contact. Ay
wounds may also be h nner, but the
must spend two blood points instead of one for an a
health level.

ravated

Mens Sana
This power allows the S
ents, or to at least mitigate their effects fora
time. Salubri Embraced in the mod
efer to use psychological interview techniques, while
older members of the bloodlin

lubri to remove a subject's

age sometimes

prefer to whisper sooth
ing words or perform exorcism rituals. Some Kindred
scholars believe the Antediluvian Saulot eased the
Ancient Malkav's madness with this power, but a few:
others believe that Saulot may have caused Malkav's
madness himself

System: The player spends two blood points and rolls
Intelligence + Empathy (difficulty 8). The use of Mens
Sana takes at least 10 minutes of relatively uninterrupted
conversation. Success cures the subject of one derange-
ment of the Salubri player's choice. This power cannot
cure a Malkavian of his core derangement, though it
temporarily alleviates its effects for the restof the scene. A
botch inflicts the same derangement on the Salubri for the

rest of the scene, and the target's own det
intensified. This power may not be used by thi
cure her own derangements

nent is
lubri to

‘Vawne Sromeusss Cowrannon


9000 UNnURDENING THE BESTIAL SOUL


ee 000 © Renewen VIGOR

s. All that is

action othe E ting
Willpower point is
uubject of th The Salubri n

vampire or obviously wis!

unaff
Ifeh

("Excuse me, sit

airport from here?"),

thy (difficulty 7). E


subsequent, appropriate Social roll by one. This affects
only attempts to gain seemingly harmless of innocent
the bad

omatic

assistance, such as a place to stay or advice o

parts of town — a Salubri won't be

ble to get au
ier with this power.

The effects of this power last until the next sunrise.
Safe Passage affects only those who know the Saluby
ly oF no
enough to form an opinion of her cannot be touched by
this power.

weapons or low-grade heroin any e.

all. Anyone who has known her long

@ © ¢¢ DuniFicATION

This power can be used to cleanse a person, item or
ic oF malign spiritual influ
portance that the Salubri be of strong

ce. It is of

n and moral character,

s he pits the purity of
his own soul against the corruption he is trying to purge.

be used

inst demonic possession of
pt
wlred, but the price of failu

those insidious te
hungry K.
's own soul.

ions among debased

is the

System: This power may be developed and used
only by a character with a Humanity or Path rating of 8
or higher. The player spends a Willpower point if the
subject is willing and the corrupting agent does not

resist (a rare occurrence). If the subject is possessed by
@ conscious entity, the demon (or other foreign con:
sciousness) fights the Salubri for dominance. This ta
via an extended, contested roll of th

(each party's difficulty is the other's pe:
power). The winner is the first one to hat
successes more than the other. If the player fails, the
tempt at p Is. If the player borche:
the d bri's body. Pur
cannot be used on oneself and has no effect on the Be
or an alternate personality

Once the

¢ three net

ication also

non takes over the

tial removal has been successfully per-
the player spends a second Willpower point
The Salubri thrusts the demon into a nearby item,

inimal or person, trapping the demon in the selected
vessel. This must be accomplished with
the Purification and the target must be within physical

two turns of

reach. If this cannot be accomplished, the demon is
likely to go free... oF find another suitable vessel of its
choice (such as the Salubri). If the vampire places the
demon in a being who is likely to suffer from its pres-
ence, the player must make an immediate Conscience
roll (difficulty 8) if the Storyteller believes that the

character's morality would object. A botch, in addition
to the normal consequences, rel
the world,

s the demon into

© © Uxsinp THe FLesH-CLan Sou!

Salubri have always hada unique understanding
of the nature of the soul. Some few Salubri elders mi
bestow (or inflict) upon others the fruits of that und
standing. A willing subject may be permanently released
from (or locked out of) her body to become a fre
roaming soul upon the astral plane, empo

red to explore

the world (or cursed to wander) for all eternity without

the constraints (or benefices) of physical existence. The

possibilities inherent to this power are extremely un.

nerving to the few Tremere who are aware of its existence

System: The vampire and a willing subject must both

enter a deep meditative trance fo

uninterrupted hour as the Salubri performs the ritual
necessary to separate soul from flesh without damaging
either. During this period, the player spends a number of
blood points equal to twice the permanent Willpower of
the subject. Atthe end of the ritual, the subject's body slips
coma and dies by the end of the ni
Tremere and other cautious,

into ht. Many

en th

may misrepresent themselves \ce others to vol

from mortal concerns, when in truth

they wish to trap the soul in another plane of existence
The subject's soul is released from her body and
centers the astral plane (see Auspex: Psychic Projection).
This separation is permanent and irreversible. The sub:
ject is treated as an astrally projecting characte
ics. However, she no longer

n terms
of rules mech: as a silver
cord and no longer needs one, as she exists independently
+ body. If she is reduced to zero Willpower through
I combat, she loses one point of permanent Will
power and re-forms after the p
where this power was used upon her. A character reduc

year and a day

to zero permanent Willpower is destroyed forever.

This power may only be used upon mortals (exclu
ing mages) and vampires who are in Golconda, and the
subject must have a full understanding of what this rit
entails — including its permanence and the impossibility
of a reversal. The body of a vampire who is Unbound
decays at sunrise. It is possible to drink the blood rem
ing in the vampire's body, but no benefits are
an attempt at diablerie. Any attempt to Emt
body of an Unbound mortal automatically fails

ined from

c the

The Salubri may use this power on herself, provid:
she is in Golconda.

(Gearns Tiestz: Dsorunes


THANATOSIS

System: This power requires one turn

Putreraction
This power allows the character to cause
rapid decomposition in a living or unde
eth loosen, bli
lops. Needle
of this power can t

thape the


Jeape20UCYorsosnyas same, wep.
SOapsuatp aa18 or ayeyspuey e ya

leseprdeedk Ia Nestmioaas Hesciiese

aqpuraouemnsut
wwod siyp Aye 0
Ap WOH AeMe Te
aye Aaya nun uonsodwoo9p snooueiuods pue suon29yut
yo uondnaa atp Aeap ue> Koup aeup sia mod asatp 3980 Jonu0>
upns padoyaaap 9xey tpauieg 29pIp awog "spruersut 2399
Dye1 Ajjeuniou sisomayy pue TuLDKpYA\ "woRDeaINg
NOHLAINT ONIUIIUD @ 0

.
‘{]jewuou sated pooyg puads pur sound
ang Buypwead pu Suyptey Yea 304 xdo9%o
1 94 auaixag 40 ypttuang 0x92 01 poonpas
St UDIA e jf "P9yeaY st ENE sIsoIDN aX woy aSeuep
JTe waym pouresias aze i9uueW si4p uF 280] soanquAy
{piuang pue Auarxag yo yea
Jdyy Jo siuiod oma 2807] s2ss909n8 +6
wpiuang pue
‘hauanxagy "soueseaxkdly yo yea auod # 9807]

sic] asn ys Av
nou! 02 2]Q(eU

525899005
Sauaxag,
wwaddy Jo y>e:

aujod e 9507] sassa20n5 ¢

B87] S98890008 7
IpPE ON

mo[>q poIsy] Se 13949

Jeuomppe ssayns pur payjos sassaoons yo s9quunu a4p 02 jenbo

jeurep [eLp29] Jo sfoxa] ypyEay Jo I9qUINU v SOE WIL 94

saptie axp yo Aanoyyp) 2UI>Mpayy +

1od pooyg om spuads sakejd oy | "wn
yo9 ayeUs ISU IPOS IL -WHOISAS,

‘uorn29fut 01 uado WHIDIA ay

20g fiursodxa ‘yo ysnoqs pue as0d

20) Siurayy some 3380399

1094p |

ss90908 |

(apn
Auoaxagy sj}o4 p
Dia au Yi 13

Suravay pur sueiac

Auonap o2 anssh (pea

‘ypu st snseaey> poadaye Uo s160399Nj yo a>edMU 94
kde 2949 1 ysNOy]Y

SISOUDAN ee

uyoaind Jo 2804p 02

ppe

‘ou dary attepuadde sues ays uo samod siqp jo s9sn

a{dninyy -apnaniog pur ‘s2uaxeg *4a129]92) Wd9>x9 souypd
281 Aue asn on 9[qeu

pue uaquniys aie speay
Hou apy songuny erudyy 1] wos AUutod om 980]
poupury "ApUersuy ayp sujadts pexsou! ‘peay s,ausuoddo

HO Pash s1 zsmod siya J] "ss9J9sn saUHOD9q ApULIsUE

quuy] aq *H9] 40 wae ue uo pasn st zamod sty yp

pasn st
Suyjeay jeameusadns yo ada wos ssajun porsryye Apusu
seuuad o2e (sotiew Surpnour) sjezour ang "wot aya

sf aimweaio ye

peusadns 19910 40 axiduea v jt aysIU 9U0
Ay 40 8199 9Y J (]998 quar] 2xp Jo Sut
"294p108 ay z9yzer ing ‘aBeurep 40 |>A9] *DyEIY OU sudyNs
aoafgns ay ane SUL9tp A 2H 1) "P2129}
youn asiyuaqo st ang *4}jewoU poxeos 2q Ae YH
‘cofemep Suryseg Jo [a9] yyy auo s9ye2 WHIIA ay

aye |

‘or pue uted samodyyg espusde sabeyd
{pu qu ap ye oes pote on eo

Hys or

suman
e diem pue yunys 03 ipauieg axp smojye Hunayp1 A) "19M0d
stip jo sidayo at z9A098Ip 02 IseYsE UDDq DALY "ssap>ite
Sururewas swa0) s19xp o2 pouiorsna>e ‘sanidures UE
ONRBUUM eoee

pa]eay ai
tppeay Surssia ay pun (azeay ay2 20 pray ayp
ysnoyp) suedio pea1A 40 squayy Burssiw aq ew tpaueg
dy ‘onsIsIp saa}]asorg ay ay yOUUEW sty uF
280] [249] ya]ery Y>HD Jeay O2 posinbax aue sittod poo}q,
21g "poredissip uaag sey aeyy > a4 Jo (Apyino2)
quai y>ea 20) 180] a1 2uI0d poo}g aUO pur [949] \pYeIy]
240 ‘wO} SID UF [TYR paid SU
15 [HY 02 Y>"G J]PSIIN,
wo. sapojdxa
sy aioegey>
soyse yo deoy ayy woxy Muyuoy
Yunouans 294 Jo age 39 02 J9NDEIUYD 194 SOysEA,
ays Y>IyM uF suD2s Aue 40} (6 AANDYPP) [Jor ssaUUa]Yy
+ wondaoiag wv ayeu asm sadejd axp "O} Yse UE st 491
-seseyp 242 2]14194 "S2UIOd poo}g oma yo aunapuadxa ayp pure
‘wan 9uo sazinbay sayse on UoReUAO}sUED 94 :UAISAg

ss} ypau

sSunag ays se ssuueur SeureEp 4]q)
ays ‘(un ue se yons) aoeds pauyuos e
yp J] "wm du0 soy

wi20}91 01 89140
ay uaya a1ydonseae> axoad uv9 sayse a4) Jo
sds pure "uz0} se

1uiio> Ayunp 4]U0 8

[Ys sfurpu

jaa deaey> a4 49

AdMOH "]ENIDIHIO
syd asour pur "waOy SIE UE ay SOULE
20 AY]UNS wos a¥ewEP OU s9xe2 L9IDEIEYD 941] "(OI
449] 94 plnom aeys) ou
apmod Ayons ‘yaya vO}
"yD ay Smo}

aye sypen

a1qnop
uuoysen 01 392

1 sp9819q1
ve SYSY o1 |IYSY.

SV OLSAHSY eee

sayeas uapoom

uo pasn aq 49Aamoy

ouUe> a] "poz9yzIM pue parysig sowos2q rier ay
95k y>rys ur ‘sauE]d Uo pasn ag os[e ued saMod sy J

40 ge se ypns sa>afgo arewrue

30 Aeu SUK
> suai

"ye 2940 ‘oua2s duo UF samod sip Jo sasn
pareadas wosy a8euep Jo s]49] yayesy a20uI 40 9934) S19}
ns [euow e Jf -(USWDINSysIp jearshyd s}er0W 1991303
Uue> 44a3uns onsejd yBnoy2) sjenow 40} 1uauEWLad st nq,
‘aysiu iad 2urod au

aouereaddy sty "2

> 91a aya ae sastduea 01 8 sso}
uvaddy s,un21a axp jo utd 940.




taining toys from which p

sets may equip theit characters.

ame designer has to determine where be
inimal" and "exhaustive" the list will fall. Thus, this
section mainly covers equipment that requires Traits, such as
‘weapons. Comm

place things such as camping equipment
and new fashions can be priced easily at your local mall
(Other items can be found in catalogs from companies such as
U.S. Cavalry or The Sharper Image. As always, the Golden
Rule applies: If you know more about a particular item than.
we present here, feel free to modify its numbers accordingly
or cut it alt n't like it

One thing to bear in mind with equipment of this
nature is that m

fit is either outright illegal or highly
restricted. Don't be shy about telling a player "no'
comes up with some cockeyed plan to arm her coterie with
50-caliber machine guns. Vampire is horror game, not an

he

FrReARMS

This section is intended t.

mpreben
sive selection of weapons that might find their way into the

hands of a character, or be used against said character by
various opponents. Itis by no means a complete index of all
weapons in use in the world today. Should the player or

Storyteller desire a more in-depth look at guns, there are
many books on the market devoted to them,
Most nationshave rather restrictive laws concerning the

fully a

sporting weapons are falling under tighter and tighter con
valid collector's permit, and any use of such firearms in a city
Storytellers making both the

suns more trouble than itis worth

uld feel perfectly justified i

use and acquisition of s
for characters

Fou: Equevext

5


IREARM TRAITS,
Caliber: The diameter of the bullet fired by the gun in

9mm), with the exception of shotgun rounds, which are
sured in gauge.

Damage: The base number of dice rolled for da
aftera successful strike. All firearms do lethal damage against
mortal targets. Against vampires, firearms do merely bashing
damage, unless the head is targeted (which adds two to attack
difficultiesand one die to damage pools, asper Vampire: The
Masquerade, page 212), in which case the damage is consid:
ered le

Range: This is the practical shot range in yards. Weap-
‘ons may be fired at twice this distance, but the attacks are
considered long range (difficulty 8).

Rate: The gun's maximum cyclic ra

the number of

shots or three-round bursts it may fire per combat turn. This
does not apply to full-auto or spray attacks

Clip: The number of shots that the weapon holds.
achine guns and

ols, subs ny rifle which is
" may be carried
with one additional round in the firing chamber.
be carried in the pocket: } = C
icket; T = Can be hidden in a trenche
‘Cannot be concealed on the person at all

Automatic pi
described

* Indicates the weapon is capable of three-round bursts,
full-auto and sprays
Revorvers

Revolvers are handguns that operate
Wve or more rounds. They are

found a cylinder
lly more

but are less likely to become
inoperable if they malfunction

1¢ to their relatively sim-
tion. In game terms, this means that most

pler cons
botches with,

ult in either a misfire (the round
doesn't go off) or a shot going into a ther than the
II modern revolvers

iend

gun jamming or blowing up. Almost
are double-action, meaning that each pull of the trigger
both fires the weapon and rotates a new round into place.
Many older models (such as the Colt Peacemaker of Ameri
can frontier fame) and some newer ones of very high caliber

are ingle-action; this requires the firer to manually cock the
hammer between shots, thus vastly reducing the rate of fire.
Contrary to what some films have shown, itis impossible to

silence a revolver.
Saturday Night Special: This isa catch-all term for any

cheap, small-caliber revolver. The majority of crimes involv

ing firearms are committed using these guns. Models are too
‘numerous to list. The two main drawbacks of Saturday night
specials are low stopping power and unreliability. Howe
they are easy to acquire on the street on short notic

ammunition is cheap, and they aren'tas big of an investment
and therefore are easier to throw away on the run.

Caliber: varies; the most common are 22

38 Special

Damage: 3 or 4

Range: 10 t0 15

Rate: 3

Clip: 5 , 6, or 8

Conceal: P

Smith & Wesson M640 and Colt Agent: These are

representative of small "holdout" revolvers ot *
specials." They are constructed with a ror
to aid in rapid draws from concealment.

ective's
\ded-off hammer

Clip: 6
Conceal: P

Smith & Wesson M686 and Colt Pytho
these pistols are well-designed mid-caliber revolvers with
nt reputations. These
seen widespread use among police forces in the past,
though revolvers have be
by automatics in

Both of

ind similar models have

replaced almost completely
wodern nights. Most revolvers like
these come in a variety of barrel lengths, which have no
effect on game play unless the Storyteller wants to tinker
with the Range Trait

Caliber: .357 Magnum

Damage:

Range: 30

Conceal: J
‘Smith & Wesson Model 29 and Colt Anaconda: These

are a high-caliber revolvers used primarily for hunting and
sport-target shooting. Few police departments adopted .44
‘Magnum weapons, as the heavier caliber pistols
control and are more intimidating than police public rela-
tions would like. Characters with Strengths of less than 3 may
have difficulty firing these weapons one-1
Storytellers discretion.

Caliber: 44 Magnum

Damage: 6

Range: 35

Rate: 2

Clip: 6

‘Conceal: J

Ruger Redhawk: The Redhawk is a massive, brutal

revolver, used primarily for hunting. A larger version with
longer barrel, the Super Redhawk, comes with a sling and
scope. Both versions are too bulky to be fired one-handed by
any character with a Strength of less than 4.

harder to

anded, at the

\Vaweae Stones Coueanon


4 M:

Caliber:
Damage: 6

00 for Supe

Clip: 6
Conceal: T
Freedom Arms Casul

Remington XP-100:

Clip:
Conceal:

AUTOMATIC PISTOLS:

his weapon, named after its

rimarily for hunting bear, m
J can mount scopes. As with the Redhawk, it

th Strength of lessthan 4 tofire

ther than a relatively lower Rate and an intimi

usly, this

nd into the chamber. Although man

American legislation requires all

J with magazines h

ne frame of aRugerRedhawk
in that is a modified rifle

Although not a revolver, thi
cc of simplicity. It and it
1 pistols made for pre
means that the precision i

byanenterprisingcharacter

something of a misnomer

ans that they feed from an

are more likely to malfunction

gher complexity (botches are
ken or jammed weapon), but
f their higher rates of

wer reload times. Autoloader


round in the
» fire. The Clip Traits below apply to full
nd empty chambers; the +1 indicates that they
may be carried with a round in the chamber (though
having a round in the chamber makes the weapon much

likely to fire if dropped)

Hammerli M280 Target: As with the Re
100, the Hammerli M280 is a spec
280s

grips fitted to the hands of one specific user. In game terms,

ygton XP-
rget-shooting
fe made with ergonomic

this adds one die to the Firearms dice pool of the intended

ie else trying to use the weapon loses one die.
¢ isavailable on most pistols, but the M280 is one

‘of the few weapons on which it is standard. The M280 can

2 «22 Long Rifle

Damage: 4
Range: 30
Rate: 5
Clips 5+1
Conceal: J

anufactured in Italy, this slim and
jended for sale to people with

g who feel the n«

casy-to-hide gun. Itisdesigned for ease of use and maximum

concealment. Two other functionally identical versions

exist, the M9 and the M40, which fire 9mm and .40 caliber

SSW ammunit
Caliber
for M40)

+4 (5 for M40)

respectively
380 Automatic (9mm for M9, 40 S&W

Damay

p: 8+1 (9+1 for M9 and M40)
Conceal: P

Walther PPI
worldwide as thes

This German-made pistol is familiar
nature weapon of James Bond. Although
itlacks the punch of larger-caliber weapons, itissmall enough.
ily hidden inanankle holster or similar arrangement.

widespread use of a silencer in the Bond films, it
is relatively easy (though still very illegal, without proper

permits) co get one for this pistol.

Conceal: P

Beretta Model 92: Made in Italy, this weapo
‘most commonly used pistol in American police depa
in the early 1980s as the M9, thi
service sidearm of the U.S. Amy (though many service

Ie was also adopte

oxdel 92 is fairly
joloaders, such

personnel still swear by their M191). Th

as the Ruger P85 (Antonio Banderas' weapon of choice in
Desperado), the Browning High-Power (with a 13-round
magazine) and the Smith & Wesson 5900 series (the former
service sidearm of the FBI), which are all identical to the
Model 92 for game purposes

Caliber m

Damage: 4
Range: 20
Rate: 4

Clip: 15+1
Conceal: J
Range: 20

in ¢ like a science-fiction
traditional pistol, the Calico 950

verthe:

effective weapon. It feeds from a high-capacity

parallel to the barrel, rather than slidiny

autoloaders' m:

>the gripas most
ines do. The 950 has not seen. much

professional use, mainly due to its bulk. A submachine
the Model 960A, also exists, using the same maga-
d action with a folding stock and longer barrel.
Caliber: 9mm

Damage: 4

Range: 20 (40 for 960A)

Rate: 4 (21 for 960A)

Clip: 50+1 of 100+1

Conceal: T

Glock 17, 20, 21 and 22: When the Glock 17 debutedon

the market in the early 1980s, a sudden media
conceming its supposed "undetectability." Although the fr:
ack pstolsare made of plasticsand polymers, thebarrelsan
other internal parts are more than sufficient to show upon X-ray
machines and metal detectors. (Additionally, Glock manufac:
tures these pistols with strips of metal in the handle so the
visible to detectors) Perhaps because of their increib
exposure, Glocks are extremely popular today. Glock manufac
tures several diffcrent models all of which are listed h

p occurred

simplicityssake. Each model listed also has.a compact compa
ion model witha 10-round clip (an additional round may still be
held in the chamber) and a Conceal of P.
Caliber: 9mm (model 17); 40 S&W (model 22);
10mm (model 20); (model 21)
Damage: 4 for mode! 17, 5 for all others
Range: 20 for model 17, 25 for all others
Rate: 4 for models 17 and 22, 3 for models 20
and 21
Clip: 17+1 (model 17), 15+1 (models 20 and 2
13+1 (model 21)
Conceal: J

Vive Stones Couasecn


Heckler & Koch P7M13: The German firm of Heckler
& Koch designed this pistol specifically for law enforcement
ning maximum carrying safety with minimal diff
culty in quick-draw and use. The P7M13's safety is part of the
sip; it will fire as long as itis held, but the safety
cally engages if hand pressure is released from it, kee
sun from going off if dropped. All Heckler & Koch weapons
have excellent reputations for reliability (and high price),
7M13 is no exception. Subma
1 gap betwe
weapons (under 3 feet long) that fire pistol-calibe
Despite their similarity in use and
MGs operate internally more like
od by military special

Conceal: J

MACHINE GUNS AND MACHINE PISTOLS
c designed to bridge the

and the P hine guns, or SMGs
pistols and automatic rifles. They are small

uni

tion at a high cyclic rat

appearance to rifles,
pistols. SMGs are most cor
operations units, police SW,
relatively close ranges at which all three groups usually enter

Clip: 13
Conceal: P
Colt MI911A1: The classic "45 auto

ind gangs, because the

matic," the Colt
rm of the U.S.
id-1980s. It
nd civilian

conflict do not requite the use of rifles.

Like automatic pistols, SMGs and
hold an additional bullet in the chamber, hence the +1
ost part, chambering.

MISILAL was the standard service side
Army from its introduction in 1911 until the #

is still popular in mi aw enforcement
applications alike, and is possibly the most widely used
pistol in the world. The MI9I LAI has been seen in count
most recently and vividly in Last Man Standing.
2roft also uses these in Tomb Raider, so they must still

notation to the Clip Trait. For the

this additional ro
given the minimal benefit, but some gunbu

less
La
be good.

Caliber: 45 ACP (Automatic Colt Pist

tent upon doing

Beretta Model 93R: Classified
pistol-scale weapon that fires at SMG speeds), the Beretta
Model 93R is a three-round-burst-capable version of the
Madel 92 (above). It incorporates a fold-down forward grip

machine pistol (a

Dama,

Range: 25 and folding stock. The Model 93R is not capable of true fully
Rate: 3 automatic fire, which makes it slightly more controllable
1 t0.9+1, depending on the exact model than other machine pistols.

onceal J Caliber: Sin
SIG-Sauer P220 and P230: The partnersh
Swiss SIG and German J.P. Sauer & Sohn has a re
tion for consistently producing excellent weapons
SIG-Sauer offers a number of models of automatic pis Clip: 20+1
tols; the two listed here are faily representative. Special Soci
. SS (E00), 300 (P2301 the C Model 61 is one of the smallest SMGs in
Calibers .45 ACP (P220), .380 (P230) production. Itwas widely used in Soviet bloc militaries, andhas
Damage: 5 (P220), 4 (P230) found its way into the armories of Thied-World 1
Range: 25 (P220), 20 (P230) ‘
Rater 3 relatively low-powered
balanced by its small size and low cost

ist groupsand street gangsactossthe world. The Skotpion's
ind uncontrollability are

IMI Desert Eagle: Although many professionals feel
that the Desert Eagle is too much gun and too prone
failure, there isno denying the sheer intimida-
tion factor this weapon carries. The Isracli-made Desert
le is the largest, most powerful autoloader in produc
tion today, and is almost impossible to fire one-handed
(minimum Strength 4). In addition to its most impressive
caliber, the Desert Eagle is also available in
and 44 Magnum.

pis
version of the Glock 17, intended for law enforcement, military
and antiterorist we. Although its similar in appearance to the
Glock 17, itis deliberately designed to have incompatible pars.

(Guar Four Equevext
9



Intratec TEC-9: Although marketed as a pistol, this
weapon is easy to convert to full automatic (Professional
Skill: Gunsmith | anda decent toolkit gets the job done in an
hour or two). Thus, itis encountered quite often in the hands
of boncheaded thugs and gangsta: who want something

cheap they can spray a room or an alley with. Professionals
tend to stick with something less likely to blow up in their
hands, as the TEC.9 is made poorly to begin with and
impromptu modifi
c:
Damage: 4
Range: 20
Rate: 18:
Clip: 20¢1 or 32+1
Conceal:
‘Thompson M1928: The once-ubiquitov
was the first submachine gun used by the L
Although obsolete today, it isstil effective,
‘of 1930s ga
gives ita

tions serve only to make it less reliable.

jiber: Imm

trigger allows it to fire only full-auto, making thr
bursts a matter of experience and control.

c 45 ACP

Damage: 5

20 or 100
mnceal: T

Rurtes

For game purposes, the category of "rifles" encompasses any
sunthatisnot fully automatic an firesa fast (compared toa pistol
round) narrow-diameterbullerdownarifledbarrel Riflesare used
for both hunting and sniping: the only difference between the wo
isoften the level of craftsmanship of the weapon. Rifles may be
bolt-acton or lever-actn, in which eases each shot must be moved
intofiringposition by the user, or semiautomatic, where some ofthe
oerecoil from the previous shot works the action and loads the
nd. Mostbolt-action iflesfeed from intemalammunition
iesrather than snap-in magazines, sothey areslowertoreload
than semiautomatic weapons.

Rifles, like automatic pistols, may chamber a round in
audition to those carried in their clip, so they bear the +1
notation to their Clip Trait. This is rarely ever used in
practice, however — if you're shooting at something (or
someone...) that needs to be hit 31 times to bring it down,
maybe you'd better just leave it alone.

Remington Model 700: This is fiely common bolt-action
huntingrifleanda good representative of es type;a variety of other
brands have similar Traits, varying only in superficial appearance.
‘The military version ofthis, the M24 Sniper Weapon System, is
‘moalfied heavily at the factory and is extremely dificult to acquire
(Resources 4, military Alliesor Contacts,anda lenient Storyteller).

Caliber: .30-06 and .308 Remington for Model
700, .300 Winchester Magnum for M24
Damage: 8 for Model 700, 9 for M24

Range: 300 for Model 700, 500 for M24

Rate: 1
Clip: 5+1, held internally rather than magazine-fed
Conceal: N

ber version
of the Model 700, and is also representative sample of its
type and caliber.

Caliber: .223 Remington for civilian versions,
versions (interchangeable)

Ruger 10/22: Another representative sample of small:
caliber rifles use for small game or "plinking," this particular
model is semiautomatic, but varieties exist with all forms of
actions. It is possible to convert this weapon into a fully
automatic (and fully illegal) version with adecent met
and the right knowledge (Professional Skill: Gunsmith 2)

Caliber: .22 LR (Long Rifle)

Damage: 4

Range: 100

Rate: 4

Clip: 10+1 or 50#1

Conceal: N

Weatherby Mark V: This is British-made bolt-action

rifle designed for hunting large game such as elephants,
thinos and light aircraft. Its recoil is powerful enough co
inflict (7 - character's Strength) dice of Bashing
anyone who fires it without being properly braced (Storytel
discretion: any position where the character is off-balanc
firing from the hip, or firing while moving).

Cali 160 Weatherby Magnum

Damage: 10

Range: 300+

Rate: |

Clip: 3+1

Conceal: N

Barrett Model 82

shop

35-pound semiautomatic rifle munition
tae by hiwey coe pu Le Haag eplicatotd ae
dbo at best, thou it can be lealy owned by private
ens in the United States and most |
theoretically squire one. The rifle fk
service as the M82Al, and is used by
Forces snipers. The M82A1 was the rifle

Army Special
ed by God in

(Gears Four: Equewent


Wii,


Russian State Arsenals AK-74: The grandchild of the
ible AK-47, the AK-74 was the standard Soviet bloc
assault rifle before the collapse of the U
out of style. A variety of versi

ly matter to game play are the folding-stocked
variants and carbines.
Caliber: 5.45mm,
Damage: 7
Range: 200 (120 for carbines
Rate: 20
Clip: 30
Conceal: N (T for carbines)
Steyr AUG: The Austrian-made AUG (Armee Uni-
versal Gewehr) is surprising in that such a unique weapon

has actually been adopted by multiple militaries. The AUG
is a bullpup-configuration weapon, which means that its
‘magazine and action are placed in the stock, behind the grip

and trigger. Thisallows a shorter overall design with no loss
of barrel length. The AUC
scopic scope (see below) in its carrying handle. However, its
most revolutionary feature is its

» mounts an integral tele

AUG and a few conversion parts can be broken down and

yembled into light machine gun, a submachine gun, a
short carbine or the basic assault rifle configuration in about
15 minutes,
Caliber: 5.56mm (9mm in SM
Damage: 7 (4 in SMG configuration)
Range: 200 (50 for SMG configu
Rate: 21
2+1 (3041 in SMG confi
Conceal: T (N for light machinegun configuration)
Colt M14, FN FAL, and Heckler & Koch G3: These

Il saw — and still see — wide-

configuration)

tion)

ion)

;omatic forms) is found in civilian hands
t Asia, the Bel Africa,
rman C ica. All three

in FAL iscommon i
uth Am

the C
weapons have effectively equal game statistics; the G3 is

sees heavy use it

about a pound heavier and probably more reliable than the
anyone's checking. A version of the MI4, the
M2L, isstill in use in the U.S. Army asa sniper's rifle.
7.62mm

Clip: 20+1
Conceal: N
Russian State Arsenals AK-47: The AK-47 is probably
the most widely distributed battle rifle in the world. Al-
though its ammunition has been criticized as being
low-powered and unstable at long ranges, the Soviets didn't
seem tocomplain. The AK-47 has a reputation for reliability

inder the worst field conditions. As with the AK-74, there
ie folding-stock variants which can be hidden under
tha little practice

Caliber: 7.62mm Sor

long
coats

ct, not interchangeable with

other 7.62mm ammu
Damage: 8

:N (T for folding stock)

SHOTGUNS

Shotguns are large-bore weapons (typically about half an
inch) that fire either slugs or clusters of pellets dow
barrel. Shotguns are

on capac
ity, bulkyand punishingin theirrecoil, but theyare intimidating.
asall hell and viciously destructive in close quarters. Shotguns

tomatic. The

tion oF sen

re pump, lever- or slide re

a few fully available; these resemble large
il highly
of these shotguns

vomatic shotgut
id are

assault ri » control

igh impossible

illegal to own. Unless otherwise noted,

feed from intem

nunition supplies (which makes them

Generic double-barreled hunting shotgun:
reled shorgunsare pethaps the
assortment is available on the open n
shotguns

rke
an be cut down and sawed off for conce
expen ofrange and legality (andthe risk ofbreakingthe shooter's
wrist without a stock with which to brace against the recoil)
Calibers 12

age
Damage: 8
Range: 20, 10, or 5, depending on barre! length,

2; both

Rat arrels can be fired asa single action,
using the same roll to hit for both rounds

normally, but cut-down versions can
reach T or even J
Benelli M3 Super 90: This isa semi-automatic shotgun

in widespread use among SWAT teams,
tative example of its type
Caliber: 12-gauge
Damage: §
Range: 20
Rate: 3
Clip: 7
Conceal: T
Remington 870P, Ithaca M37, and Mossberg M500:

These three pump-action shotguns are all in widespread use by
regular police forces. In other words, one of these is what the
copsare likely to pull out ofthe cruiser when responding othe
disturbance your characters a ising. All of these can be cut

down for concealment at the expense of effective range

Game Fou Eur



t-Vision Scopes: Surplus night-vision equip-
ment is becoming more and more common on the open
market, though it is still q
gear comesin three forms: light amplification (starlight),
infrared (IR), and thermal.

Starlight equipmes
toalev

expensive. Night

amplifies available visible light
pproximating daylight. It does not fun:
kness. Starlight scopes reduce the dil
modifiers for darkness by one, but will not reduce them
Ww +1. Starlight scopes require a
2 to acquire

total d

bel inimum Resources

IR gear converts invisible
black.

od light to a visible
ge. Like starlight equipment, IR
nd goggles do not function in total darkness
, infrared equipment can benefit from an infra-

\d-white im:

Howev
ted flashlight or spotlight, which is invisible to the
unaided eye. IR gear is ible in both scope and goggle
forms. IR equipment reduces the difficulty modifiers for
darkness by two, but will not reduce them below +1. IR
imum Resou

gear requires a mi

Th vision equipment is more sophisticated
than starlight or IR, and literally displays heat as an
Thermal sights "s
fog and can find living ta

ces 3 to purchase.

electro " through smoke or
Ils. They

mpire as more than a blurred image,

s through thin,

do not pick up

however, unless the vampire has fed within the past two
luces the difficulty
eifiers for darkness, fog of smoke by
cover by one. Precipitation, however,

hours. Thermal vision equipment
p to three and
duces thermal
's effectiveness (difficulties for darkness are
uced by one and cover applies normally). Ther-
¢ primarily military equipment and require
‘ces 4 t0 purchase. They are legal, but go
Is may make diser out anyone who
buys a ther

Vision
only re
mal scopes
Re

offic

scope.
Laser Sights: Modern laser sights are negligible in
weight. They attach to any

ut are most com-
monly used on pistols or SMGs. A laser sight projects a
thin, very low-powered beam of light, typically red,
which appears as a small dot on the target at which the
aimed. This is not enough to blind the human eye,
though temporary dazzling may result (Storyteller's dis-
cretion for effects). Laser sights are widely available to

anyone with the funds (Resources 3). The game effect of
laser sight is to add one die to the dice pool of any aimed
shot made at a range of 30 yards ot less.

Silencers and Suppressers: "Silencer" is often a

misnon

make noise in three wa

very few firearms ate totally silent. Guns
the explosion of the round
firing, the crack of the bullet breaking the sound barrier,

action. To
truly silence a gun, one must eliminate all three of these
noise sources.

and the metal against metal noise of the

Most sound- suppressed weapons reduce noise by vent
ing the exhaust gases from the round through
baffles that slow the gas to subsonic speeds (slowing the
bullet in the process, as the expanding gas that propels it
bleeds away). As pistol-caliber ammunition typically is
slower than rifle ammunition and relies on mass over
speed to cause damage, pistols and SMGs are «
suppress than rifles. Any silencer strong enough to be
effective ona rifle slows the bullet enough to reduce the
weapon's Damage Trait by 2 of more, and some rounds
(such as shotgun rounds or the .50-caliber BMG bullet)
are too large to silence at all

Silencers are bulky, often as long as the gun itself
Any weapon that has a silencer fitted to it rises one level
in its Conceal Trait (e.g. a pistol with Cone
Conceal J when a silencer is attached).

The larger the round, the more difficult itis to sup-
press it. Generally, any gun with a Damage Trait higher
than 4 cannot truly be silenced, only suppressed. For
example, a suppressed Colt MISILAI (firing .45 caliber
ammunition, Damage 5) is about as loud as a dictionary
being slammed on a table. While obvious as a loud noise,
this may not be immedia
ilencers are highly illegal for civilians to own with
out proper government permits, and quite difficult to
acquire. A very skilled gunsmith might be able to build
cone from scratch if given tools and time (Professic
Skill: Gunsmith of at least 4
week), but its reliability would be questic

sof

ier to

IP goes to

ly recognizable as a gunshot

da mi

um of one

le
Disguised Weapons: Itis possible to build a weapon,
typically a submachine gun, into a briefcase or a sim
unobtrusive object (with Professional Skill: Gunsmith,
4). The most common configuration is to place
weapon entirely inside the container with a blow-away
patch over the muzzle and a mechanical linkage to the
trigger to allow the character to fire the weapon without
opening whatever it is hidden within. This a
gun tobe fired (at a +2 difficulty, and no a
possible). A weapon firing in this fashion is immediately
obvious due to the muzzle flash, e ed, The
container must be opened in order to reload the weapon.
The Heckler & Koch MP5K, the Glock 19 and the
Ingram M10 can all be acquired with briefea
cls designed for the weapon in question. In most cases,
there isa trigger assembly bu
ing handl. moved and used
normally should the situation require such action.

lows the

ned shots are

tissile

s or satch

into the briefcase's carry-

and the gun may be

(Gear Four: Equevent
58


Me ree WeApons

M


Minimum Strength: 4

MISCELLANEOUS WEAPONS


hith

at range). Chains aren't

arder
D:
Conceal: J
Minimum Strength: |

THROWN WEAPONS

See Chapter Six of Vampire: The Masquerade for the

rules for throwing. Throw:

Minimum Strength: |
Knives and hat
from aerodyr

aren't always the

le from the recreational uses,

lity of a flexible weapon
entangle (treat
useful in that role, but

for chains)

+2 to difficulties if using one

application). It is

wgrather than
the way of
bullets).

whichis

\Vawene Storms Conpasson
8


designed to defend
the normal soak bor
Traits

inst bullets, with rela
. rounded down). They

using bows may take aim as per the aimed
rearms. It takes one action to fire a bow and
‘one action to reload; reloading can be accomplished in the
same turn as firing with two successes on a Dexterity +
Archery roll (difficulty 7).

Unlike bullets, arrows can be made without special
shop tools. Any character with Archery 3 and

shot rules for

Iccess tO
appropriate materials (stone or metal arrowheads, feathers,
wood for shafts, glue, string and a knife) may construct
arrows at a rate of one per hour.

Short Bow: T
three and

isencompassesall bows that are between

ur feet long. S
horseback. Anyone with Archery 3 or higher and a week to
work

Long Bow: This includes such weapons as the
Welsh longbow, which ended the military domi
n knight, and the Ja

I cavalry bow. Long bows may be

mored Europ

designed to be fired on foot of fired while mounted on
a horse, but not both. A character with Archery 4 or
higher and 10 days of working time can make her own.
long bow

Dama,

Conees

Minimum Strength: 4
Range: 120

Small Compound Bow: Compound bows use a system of
pulleys toenhance the user's strength, thus allowing the sa
amount of power to be delivered with les effort. Compound
bows are a rel

und may not be con
structed without specific tools. A small compound bow is,
about three feet long.

ly new innovation,

Damage: 2
Conceal: N
Minimum Strength: |
Range: 90
Large Compound Bow: Large compound bows are the
most commonly used hunting and target shooting bows.
They are typi
Damage: 3
Conceal: N
Minimum Strength: 2
Range: 120

lly four feet long or larger.

Crossbow: A crosshow is a mechanical device that
vaguely resembles a modern rifle. It consists of a horizontal
bow attached to the front end of a stock. The bow is drawn
led a bolt or a
quarrel) is placed in the stock. A mechanical trigger holds
the bow drawn until itis ready to be fired. A crossbow takes
¢ actions to re-draw and reload

Damage: 5

Conceal: T

Minimum Strength: 2

Range: 20

PERSONAL ARMOR

The modern media has perpetuated the perception that

by crank or by hand, and the projectile (ca

"bulletproof vest" will stop anything that hits i, |
the wearer litth

ving
ore than stunned. Sadly, this is not the
case. Currently produced body

mor is designed to absorb
and spread the force of a high-velocity impact. The full
mount of kinetic energy delivered by a bullet still hits the
it's just spread over the entire ar
before it's tr

of the armor
Jer flesh and bone of the

sferred to the te
body. This usually results in spectacular brui
few cracked ribs and a few

ng over the

entire tors utes of disori

entation and panic

Furthermore, body armor is only fully effective against

ely low-velocity rounds (pistol a
words). Bullets with higher velocities (rifle n
punch right through such synthetic fibers as Kevlar and
Spectra. On the other hand,

nelee weaponssuch asknivesor

clubs treat body armor like any other thick clothing, and cut

or smash the wearer right through the mate
Some Kindred elders still keep metal a
es past. This is both n

from

n modern body armor, but it generally stops

melee and brawling attacks more effectively than its
present-night counterpart

Unless otherwise noted, the armor listed below cov
ers only the wearer's torso and thus does not protect
against fir

sunlight, called shots to the head, neck, or
limbs, or explosions.

Body armor is expensive. U
entry below, assume that a character must have a minimum
Resources of 3 to purchase modem armor and Resources 4to
ailable,

otherwise noted in the

purchase archaic armor (cheaper reproduc
but these are meant for display rather than use). Body
efits all", and poorly fitted (read: sol
body armor may have an increased Dexterity penalty at the
Storyteller's discretion

Itbears mention that thi

nor Traits presented here
are a bit more complex than those presented on page 214
of Vampire: The Masquerade. Storytellers who wish to
keep complexity toa minimum should feel free to use those
Traits instead.

Gearns Four Equewe
Ey


Armor TRAITS

thal brawling

ity projectilessuch as

that the arm

reducethe At
Conceal: The amount of clothin + which the
or may be hidden. W = windbre shirt, J
, T= trench coat, N = the armor is too bulky t

q

his is a thin Kevlar garment wom,
ally a loose shirt 0 cer. It
1, but is easy to wear concealed

Vavese Stomss Coveanon

a


body armor comes with in

‘trauma plates" can be inserte

Bashing Soak: 2 (3
Melee Soak: 1 (3 w
Bullet Soak: 3
Dexterity Penalty:

Conceal: J

and, sometimes, the lower

minimal (one die of soak) p
Bashing Soa
Melee Soak: 2
Bullet Soak: 4
Dexterity Penalty:

Conceal: T

hostage rescue teams, ¢

to draw police scrutin

SWAT jac

situation in which the wearer expe

extrape
ly for combat wear a
of pockets for radios, spare magazines and

SWAT Tactical Jacket: Madi

en. Flak jackets a

Melee Sc

Bullet

Dexterity Penal

Conce

Riot Gear;

um ballistic protection wit

ned tobe wor

mor T-shirt) and cover

win to the groin, They usually

ment pouches. The Dexterit
1 for activities whi

impossible «
sually includes full prote

th

cerned, riot

rm attacks. Like a flak jacket

jie of soak) protection aj
Soak
Melee Soak:

Bullet Soak: 5

Dexterity Penalty: 3


fend against
tothe wearer's soak
nly. The Dexterity penalty of a

apply todelicate operations (such
as defusing a booby trap)

Bashing Soak: 4
Melee Soak: 4
Bullet Soak:

Dexterity Pena

Nomex S

exclusively by race ¢

vers, fire JSWAT troop:

n Resources 4)

cers. Nomex is a very expensive (mi
flame-retardant fabric. A No
entire body exce
loves and a skin
threeadditional s

> areas. It provides

fresisting fire
A Nomex suit is designed to be worn un

Bashing Soak: 0
Melee S
Bullet S
Dexterity Penalty
Conceal: W

Tailored Armor: In recent years, several companies
have begun re-tailoring Kevlar of similar materials into
name-brand clothing. Typically, windbreakers, sweaters, jack.
ts, tuxedos and business suits are modifie +. This

Process is very expensive (minimum Resources 4) but the
result is virtually unidentifiable as body armor

a Percep.

Streetwise roll (difficulty 10, dropping to 8 if Style is

J instead of Streetwise) is necessary to recognite it.
Bashing Soak: 0
Melee Soak: 0
Bullet Soak: 2
Dexterity Per

Conceal: see above
ARcHAIC ARMOR

Imagine someone walkis
chainmail. Con

wn your street in a suit of

ler that reaction when taking the
concealability of archaic armor inte
Composite Armor: This usually co
with metal 1

ather sewn
some light chain
jor covers the torso, arms and upper legs.

nd perth:
mail. Com

Dexterity Penalty: I
Conceal: T

aves Stones Conraseon
a


Heavy Armor: This is a suit of ri a es Vk
wom over a thick layer of quilted padding. Hea s wearer's neck. All he re impossible
1 minimum Strength of 3 to make use of it Military Helmet: Available in army surplus st

Bashing Soak: 4 his
Melee Soal c
Bullet Soak: ©
Dexterity Penalty:
Conceal: N

FullKnight's Armor: Alsoreferradt

Bashing Soak:
Melee Soak:
Bullet Soak:

Perception Penalty'

isnomlly thought of as full medieval armor. Actua SWAT Helmet truction to t
type wasonly usa foracentury ors0 before the Welsh longo et avily padded against 1

later, the gun) rendered it obwolete. A minimum Re 4 tack s transparent Plexiglas face shield an
necessary to locate and purchase a suit ofthis type of armor that w jed neck s d c mask fort

ak: 5

Bullet Soak: | (Note that metal bre ward
thot wounds are likely to be quite pain Perception Penalty'
Dexterity Penalty: 2 Light Helm: Typ worn Ww rchaic armor

Conceal: N

Hetmers ee
Helmets protect the head and, in : k ashing Soal
Their soak valu Melee Soak:
Bullet Soak

Perception Penalty

above, but are used separately for attacks that

target the head. A helmet is not a sure


Full Helm: Thisisworn with full suit of knight'sarmor,
y

It is extremely heavy and uncomfortable, but it covers the
entire head and neck.

Bashing Soak: 2

Melee Soak: 3

Bullet Soak: 0

Perception Penalty

ExXpLosives

Explosives cause massive property damage at best, and
their use may be viewed asa serious breach of the Masq

ide
authorities (any
crime and will be
fers who believe their

due to the intense investigation from fede
bombing of a public building is a fede
sd by the FBI and ATF). Ph
characters can "get away with it" are referred to the ex:
of the Oklahoma City and World Trade Center bombings.
More than likely, elder Kindred wil assist the authorities

such a of thing
going on in her city. Almost all explosives are very difficu

re oF manufacture, and Storytelle

investiga

investi

tion — no prince likes that so

toracq should hav
qualms whatsoever about arbitra

section to characters. The nast

likely it is to fall into the hands of those who:

ish

films and stories.

only way to fix the problem is

to blow it been illustrated in innumerable horror

parchs aren't the only ones who take this
view: The Inquisition, for instance, is not above dr:
‘measures. Characters may find themselves on the receiving

end of any of the following substances.

Body armor generally does not protect aga

st an ex
plosion, although it may protect against the shrapnel thrown
by one (see Personal Armor above). All explosions do
damage unless otherwise indica

though charac
ated damage, at the
a chance of their sur-

sero may well suff
Storyteller's discretion

tersat grou

if ther

Grenanes,

Grenades are jing rela
tively small amounts of explosives or chemical substances.
They are designed to be used by unskilled troops, and thus
require no Demolitions roll to use. However, they do require
a Throwing or Athletics roll tobe thrown to the desired spot.
Grenades are extremely difficult for anyone but police and
military personnel to acquire.

Fragmentation grenade: The archetypal grenade, these
ied to propel hundreds of metal and wire shards in
rections upon detonation. The shrapnel, rather than
the actual explosion, causes most of the damage. Fragmen

anufactured devices conta

tation grenades do 12 dice of damage at the center of their
explosion, reduced by one die for every yard of distance from
the blast.

Concussion grenade: Concussion grenadesaredesigned
to incapacitate or kill through their explosion. They are
theoretically nor

lethal, but no explosion is truly "saf
Concussion grenades are the type most likely to be employed
by SWAT teams. They do eight dice of damage, reduced by
one die per yard of distance from the blast.

Chemical grenades: This category encompasses both
smoke and tear gas grenades, which function identically
except for their chemical payload. Both emit gas through
holes in their cases rather than exploding. However, the
chemical reaction that produces the gas also produces heat,
and any character who tries to pick one of these up while it
olevelsof aggravated damage (soakable
lifficulty 6). The clouds produced by these
nades fill a 10-yard radius and last for 10 minutes in

vely stil air

White phosphorus grenades: White phosphorus, or
WP, grenades, are ostensibly intended for smoke ge
However, they produce their smoke through the burning of
a phosphorus compound that cannot be extinguished with
‘out speci WP grenades inflict
fragmentation grenades, but WP damage is aj
continues to bum, being reduced by two dice
itburnsout. Any fla

we as
ited and

ich turn until
ble substance (like vampires) in the
WP grenade maybe ignited at the
extremely difficult
and Storytellers should feel free to arbitrarily deny

Jius of effect of

to characters.

Preparen Cuarces
Thise
s been assembled with
detonation method (radio control
a character's hands. Prepared c
knowledge to use as general-purpose explosives, but

mum of Demol

that

ns2 isnecessary to set one and use

intended roe.
Satchel charges: This isa catchall term for atwo-pound
ss of plastic explosive and a timer in a canvas bag. Satchel
charges are designed to be thrown or dropped and fled, a the
timers are usually 15 to 30 seconds long. A satchel charge
does 20 dice of damage when it goes off, reduced by one die
per two yards of distance from the blast

Frame charges: These are also known as entry charges.
They are small amounts of plastic explosive in an adjustable
wood or plastic frame, and are designed to be locked into the
framesof heavy doors or windowsin order to blow them open.
The most common use of frame chargesis by SWAT teamsin.
situations where rapid entry into a barricaded area is needed.
Frame charges can generally open any door short of a bank
vault if properly emplaced, and do six dice of damage to
bystanders, reduced by two dice per yard of di

Shaped charges: This is more of a technique than a
specific type of explosivedevice. Shaped chargesareamounts

‘Vawee Srorausss Cowranos


Exprosive Compot

Plastic explosive


MiritAryv-GRADE
WEAPONRY

Mil s should never f



AMP LR e
ORYTRLLERS ane) be

THE

SECRETS OF A WORLD OF DARKNESS

THE KINDRED

DE AMONG MEN, EKING OUT THEIR BLOODTHIRSTY
IVES UNDER A VEIL OF DECEPTION. YET CERTAIN MYSTERIES REMAIN
OBSCURED FROM EVEN THE CLEVEREST VAMPIRE'S SIGHT. WHO ELSE
STALKS THE FINAL NIGHTS? WHAT OF THEIR POWERS? AND WHAT
TERRIBLE SECRETS DO THEY CARRY?

THERE ARE MORE OF US THAN WE KNOW

THE VAMPIRE STORYTELLERS COMPANION COLLECTS NEW RULES,
ABILITIES AND BLOODLINES TO AID STORYTELLERS IN THEIR TASK OF
WORLD-BUILDING, THIS BOOK PRESENTS NEW INFORMATION ON THE

LESS NUMEROUS KINDRED OF THE WORLD OF DARKNESS® AS WELL AS

AN EXPANDED WEAPONS LIST AND FRIGHTENING DISCIPLINES ONLY ek
aA RUMORED BY THE KINDRED OF THE CAMARILLA AND SABBAT ALIKE
:

IT § A VALUABLE RESOURCE FOR STORYTELLERS WHO WISH TO =
UNLEASH FORGOTTEN TERRORS AND NEW MACHINATIONS UPON THEIR
PLAYERS' CHARACTERS.

THE VAMPIRE STORYTELLERS COMPANION INCLUDES:

© DETAILS ON THE LESSER BLOODLINES — THE SALUBRI, SAMEDI AND,
DAUGHTERS OF CACOPHONY.

* NEW WEAPONS, DISCIPLINES AND A\ IES WITH ¥
CAN ARM THEMSELVES AGAINST THE NIGHT

© CONTAINS AN EXPANDED CHARACTER SHEET COMPATIBLE WITH THE
REVISED EDITION OF VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE® AND A SCREEN FOR
STORYTELLERS TO HIDE THEIR NOTES AND DICE ROLLS FROM PLAYERS

APT RE

THE PASQUPRADE ISBN

|. 1D 01
" \

ICH PLAYERS

\

Games FOR MATURE MiNDS)

GAME STODLO