# File: Storytellers Handbook (revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

4

*
3
=
$
°
$.
<
|
es
2
£
5
§
ied
2
£
% <
+9)
-s
a 8
~ Ss)
é
2
=
£
w
ye



Krieger Wyrmfoe and the Death Bear

Ame Kleppens — or Wind-Never-Slows to his sorrowful howls of the wolf-born Galliard Last Snow
tribe hivdled under a thre lanker. His ar with the frenzied violin of Dunya M
wolf' skin shuts out the cold, buronly barely. Soon he Grace. Amehim

He
from hismind, for whilea Galliard tells

such thir

atesand they will change

will howl rohis pack

with the other Gu then enjoy am
thing Ame smiles toh sorry about truth or falsehood
Kinfolk b in chocolate from Italy. That would He steps forward and howls to the icea
wartn him quite well light. He hears four answering howls — his pack, the

He stands and shakes himself, throwing the — Ice Runners, coming to join him. From behind him
nto the snow. He paces, trying to limber his he hears ¢hi
an the valley in the glacier behind him, he bark. Or
howls of approval — Brings-Life-to-the-Old- change places eve
ry Jers what it freezing. Ameh
¢ fall of the

The winter has

self—one ofthe not have to

ipped howls ending in a short

this one, the Guar
keep from

rd stories

hi
» fewer than four

nas finished his
haps a
Dak Sept! No, t
already been long and unple
bawdy tales of Mi
Ragabash womanizer? Probab
mer Sept has visitors tonight, and they
appreciate $0 risqué a story

Ar

f Fostern and Adren

are the only Garou who take up the Waring F
and wait in the snow

Four wolvesappear from the i

nd the pack 1
towards the fire. Ame lifts his head and smells the hot
chocolate waiting for them. The thick syrup of that

he clean bite of the ice and the
the crude tabl

Brin isa maste

from septs all over Europe come not ended forthe ni

hear his advice on re-telling them. But he shares the 4 the visiting Garou has decided to try

limelight graciowsh rnin She does not seem to be well,
*


Jannoyed. Ame reaches the table and changes to
hisnatural Homid form, pulling his recently-dedicated

mugsof itfor the Ice Runners (the p
not indulge in sweets). Ame nudges
ng, then?"

She shakes her head. "I don't know. Something.
about a war and bears, about how the Garou commit
ted some kind of great wrong against Gaia

Ame nods. While his own knowledge of the War
‘ofRageissketchy, he has heard thaca growing number
‘of cubs feel that it was a mistake, espe
regards to the bear-changers— what we:
Grizlies? Gurzzals? An angry growl from. one-of the
sept's Abvroun answers the question

"The Gurahl were tainted! That is why the war
beyan!" The moot-fire is far enough away that Ame
an' tell who says it or even what the reply is. He only
hears more growls and sees « burly figure stand in
defiance ofthe speaker. Such a breach of protocol will
certiutly merit punistunent hater, perhaps even acen-
sure by Faleon, though Ame admits that the caern's
(orem doesn' seem as quick toenforeesuchrulesasthe
stories portray. The booming, yer still calm voice of
Brngs-Life-to-the-Old-Tales ends the argument.

"You are both wrong," he says, and the wind dies
down to hear him. Ame sips his chocolate quietly,
straining to hear. "Yes, the Gurahl deserved their
fate, but no, they were not tainted. Their story is one
Jam often called upon to tell to cubs who come
secking the truth behind the War of Rage." He
pauses. Ame savors a mouthful of the thick drink,
eyes closed, willing the old Galliard co tell the story.
He expects that every Garou in the sepeis thinking
the same thing. "Shall | tell

The clamor drowns out the rest of the question.
The Garou do not applaud, instead they how! and
shout their approval, When Brings-Life-to-the-Old-
Tales ells one story in a moor, the sept considers itself
fortunate If he tells two, they feel blessed

Ame stands and wanders closer to the moot-fi
and sees the old storyteller take up his favorite seat —
arock that sits near the fire and is therefore nicely
swarmed. He takes on the Crinos form soas to wield the
Garou tongue more precisely — some stories, he in-
sists, can only be told properly in this language. He
points to the visiting storyteller, nearly in tears of
frustration at having her story cur short,

"Jus listen, young Moon Dancer, and pethaps yout
will eam to tell your tale so.as not co offend. For now,
all of you be q not the young

F's Ahroun does
na gently

Garou once | was, and my voice may not hold out in
this chill." Ame smiles. The man's voice would carry
through a blizzard. The Galliand arranges himself on
the rock, pulls a chunk of wood from the fire, and
seratches a glyph © stints through
smoke glyph. He cocks his
head in confusion, and then hears a nearby Garou hiss,
"Gurahl" Le hokls the chanced wood above his head
for the sept to see, and his voice harmonizes with the
wind and crackle ofthe fire: "Let me tell you a story."

The fire blazed skyward, and Krieger Wyrmfoe saw
the moon hathed in its light. Luna is awash in blood
tonight, he thought, as am 1. Then he lifted his head
towards her and let our a how] of victory. He raised his
arms towards the burning glade in triumph. In his right
hand, he clutched a hanaful of teeth, In his left, he
hefted the severed head of his foe. Tonight, and from
nowon, Kriegerwas immortal. Tonight, he had beaten
the Death-Bear.

He strode away from the glade. His weary, blood
ied body slowly slipped into its human skin. Krie
found he was linpisng slightly; dhe bea' weeth had
nearly severedhis left legar the knee, but he wasalmost
completely healed. The minor cuts and bruises over
the rest of his body were alreacly closing, but the scar
thar would form on his leg would win him glory. He
would wear it with pride,

He opened his palmand stared down at the still
bloody teeth that lay there. He would string those
teeth on a cond and wear them around his neck. Then
he would always have the power of the Death-Bear
close to him.

Somewhereahovehim, an ow! shricked. Itstartled
him, and then he chuckled quietly. The battle thetrue
battle, had also begun with the screech of an owl

Ithad happened when Krieger was but a Cliath,
cub just starting our on the warrior's path, that his
uincleand mentor died in battle. The great Ahroun's
wounds appeared slight, but the beast's claws fes
tered with a strange poison that caused the Garou's
ind his blood to grow cold even as
ertore the beast in two, The poison also preserved
the Garou's body in mockery of Gaia's cycle; he lay
on the battlefield, uncha
sit up at any moment.

How young Ki
the news! It took
so great was his rage. As a r turned to griet
stood by his mentors body before the Gathering for
the Departed and wailed to Luna the u
all, that the mighty warrior be taken by such,
unworthy foe As the cept lefe the

muscles to sei

s though he might

id howled when he heard

Krieger Wyrmfoe and the Death Bear


sh mention in passing that it was a
shame th -ar-changers lived nearby, as they
knew the secret of death.

cr followed this Ragabash and asked him

whathe knew of the bear-changers. "Nothing," replied

theno-moon, "exept what I said. But even thatisonly

a story. Ihave never met a Gurahl, and itis said they
are solitary creatures."

‘So who would know of them?" pressed Krieger.

The Ragabash only shrugged and padded off
Krieger sat down against a tree and thought, trying to
remember the stories of the Moon Daneers. He wished

that he had listened during the stories, atherth
always looking ahead to the revel. He knew he hac
heard tales of the Fera, but couldn't remember them,
clearly. He could
would mean explaining what he meant todo

Acthat moment, in the tree above him.
save its lonely call, and Krieger thought of the bi
wolves from the East, who spoke of a land barren and
covered in white heat, who followed the night-hunt-
ing owl as their patron. These Garou must know
something of death, Krieger realized, for their very

ts harbinger. Though Krieger knew only
slightly more of these Garou than he did of the Gurahl,
they scemed his best chance for success,

"Very well," growled the young warrior. He stood
ond peered up intothedarknessatthe ov." Hear this,"
he called to it, Smvy mentor died honorably in battle,
bur before his time, and this shotild not be! [fit takes
‘me my entire fey will find these bear-changers, these

thl,and will havetheseerec of death from them"
So swearing, he slashed his chest with his claws and
flung several drops of blood at the owl: The ow] took
flight, startled, but now wore a red-brown splatter
around its neck. It flew off into the night, and some-
where, great Owl noted Krieger's wordsand tured his
back to «
eturned to the sept much changed. No
Jonger wasthe young Abhroun brash and quick to fight.
After the night of his mentor' funeral, he was atten-
tiveand thorough. He listened to the elders ofthe sept
when they spoke of ancient lore and traditional wis-
dom, Hesatat the Galliards feet when they toldstories
by the moot-fire, and when the time came to join a
pack, he declared himself alpha and none thought to
challenge the canny warrior

[could tell you, gathered friends, of Krieger's
pack and their exploits. Surely, you have heard the
story of their fight with the beast called H
slime-covered monster that flowed without form and
caused all who saw it to go mad — all but Krieger's.
pack, bound together by their totem and their love of

Gaia. Perhaps, at another moot, I shall sing the song
that the pack's Galliard —called Wind-Carties-Hler
Voice — composed on the eve of the pack's victory
over the dragon Mazatul. And surely, no-moons
toxlaystill recall the night when Stone Softens earned
his name, when the Ragabash talked the ver
into moving for the pack.

Bur nor tonight. Tonight's story is Krieger's and
Lmention these other tales only to show you what
this pack was capable of. It was a pack composed of
Silver Fangs, and it embodied their tribe perfectly
noble, honest, brave, and skillful. In fact, many
Garou of the time — and many lore-keepers since,
have foundic strange that che pack chose not Falcon
as their totem, but Owl,

Bur it isn't strange at all, cruly

‘After yeas of glorious deeds, the pack had stopped
axlventuring, Instead, they chose to become leaders
and teachers at various septs, and young Gi
such more populous in those days — challenged each
other for the right to study under one of these re:
nowned wartiors. Krieger, himself, took on the role of
sept leader, at the Sept of M 2's Kill, the very sept
in which he had undergone his rite of passage,
ssime sept that held his mentor's remains. He saw to his
slutiesas leader with the same life and skill with which
he'd led his pack, but the other Garou of the sept
noticed him take long walks in the forest surrounding
thesept. When asked, he said only that he was search
‘ng, but would nevet say what he searched for.

Then came the night ofa full moon, and the sept
held its moot, told its stories, and danced its revel, as
every month, But Krieger was distracted. The night
before, he'd seen an owlyand-even though many years
had passed since his vow, the owl had a splatter of
brown around its neck. He allowed a young Abroun to
perform the moot rite—as practice, he said — but all
through the moot, Krieger was watching the trees,
looking for the owl. During the revel, he saw it again.

The ow! perched on a low-hanging branch and
stared at Krieger, silently, almost sadly. Krieger reached
‘out and touched the owl's feathers, and found, to his
amazement, that the blood around its neck was still

How is this?" he whispered, but the ow! did not
answer. It simply took to the aif, flying like a dying
whisper into the forest. And Krieger followed, the
tHlood hot in his veins, his old vow fresh in his soul,

The sounds of the other Garou grew distant. The
shadows grew deep and colds Lunas lightstrugeled to
push its way past the leaves. And still the owl flew on.

Krieger glanced aroundand realized that, although
he had grown up here asa cub, he had ne
far into the forest before The

rocks

erheen this

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook


beast, He heard no rustling
no longer hear his fellow
And still the owl flew on,
Krieger paused rotake the wollsskin,and with the
listened forhisfellows. With the wolf's nose,
rnd found that no predator claimed these
rity. And dhen he ta to catch up wo die
‘ow again, for it had not stopped and it flew sosilently
that if he had not kept his eye on the bitd, he surely
swould have lost it.

He scrambled up a tree to a sturdy branch and
watched as his cloukl-quiet guide perched on a neigl
boring limb. The owl regarded him blankly, its honey
eyes watching him as though keeping him in place.
And then Krieger heard rustlings above him. A slim,
dark figure crepe down the trunk of the tree and sat
next to bit

Krieger
thrown, his fe

sed up the intruder. His skin. was muxd-
cs strange and exaggerated: Even his
hair, ong and braided, was night-black Krieger spoke
tothe foreigner, asking him his business, but the man
only laughed and said sométhing quietly, in an odd:
congue that Krieger had! never before heard. To his
shock, he heard kuyghter from surrounding trees, and
found himself oue-numbered and cut off from aid, the
dupe of an ambush after so many years as a warrior.

Krieger prepared himself to dieand reached for
weapon, but the man-stopped him, speaking in the
Garou tongue. "Noneed, friend. Borgive us not intro
ducing ourselves co your sept, but Ow! told us that the
bond we share should be kept to the quiet night. And
so here we are."

Ienever occurred to Krieger to ask by what name
these strange Garou were called. He learned only one
‘name — Warning-Spans-Rivers — that of the Garou
hespoke with. Now, of course, we know these Garou
asthe Silene Seriders, the noble wanderers who grace
uswith news of far-off ands. When Krieger met them,
they would not yethave suffered their exile—but that
is not tonight's story. Krieger eagerly entreated the
Garou to continue, to tell him what these forcien
wolves knew of the Gurah

"The Gurahl2" asked the man. "Why, the b
changers and ray tbe know very little of each other.
In tact, the only time we meet is when one of us dies,
and — a sucklen shriek from che owl interrupted the
man's speech.

Yes," said Kriewer, so caver to hear that he near
fell rom the tree, "thac is what I wish to know. These
Gurahl have power over death, I'm told, and —"

"Oh, no." Waming-Spans-Rivers shook his head

vigorously. "No, no, brother. Nothing — noding

ame you choose. The Gurahl simply know haw to
fight the Death-Bear." Again, the ow! called. Warn

Spans-Rivers looked up sharply, and then turned
to Krieger. "l would rather thirst forever than that you

the Gurahl to ask for resurcec
Gaia intended." And with that, he
ions dropped to the ground

Krieger wasnot one to take defeat
he could not force the Garou to giv
not when he ire pack — bu
knew thar Waming-Spans-River knew more than
he'd said. He did not follow the Garou that night, but
the next moming summoned his pack. He told them
very litle, only that he had discovered a great force for
Gaia that had previously been left untapped. If they
‘couk! hamess this force, he said, no Garou need ever
fear death again.

The others were skeptical, but followed him. The
trail of the strange Garou was cold, but no better
tracker has ever walked the carth than White Fire, the
pack's Theurge. She ques wer about what
they were tracking, bur he answered (somewhat truth
fally) that he did-nor know. The pack presed on,
tuougl die darkest parts of the forest, and then on
across the plains.

Jeould tell you, my friends, of whar befell them on
their journey, but those are stories in themselves, and
already the fire burns low. One important thing, how
ever — throughout the joumey, during which they
traveled ever East, Krieger searched for the owl. He
never saw nor heard the strange messenger. Krieger
worried, but pur it out of his mind, He would find his
answers soon

The air grew dry and the ground slowly
sand beneath the pack's paws. White-Fi
fetish drum to call up water, and the pack feasted on
setpents and lizards and whatever else they could find,

i still they pressed on. The tr
follow here than in the forest, and the Garo
1» but Krieger urged them
obsessed with finding the answers he had promised
himself he would find.

Finally, Stone-Softens, lagging behind ashe often
did, called out to his pack. Some distance actoss the
sand, th

id his comp
od ran off

ily. He knew
heirsecrets—
he also

one of the strange, black Garou, Krieger
recognized him as Waming-Spans-Rivers, and the
pack charged,

Waring-Spans-Rivers waited until they arrived,
and then greeted them respectfully, each by name
"And to what do we owe this honor, rhyas!™ he asked

Krieger Wyrmfoe and the Death Bear


Before," growled Krieger, ignoring the Garou
good manners, "you would not tell me of the Gurah|
though you clearly knew more than you said. I could
not de

with me

you then, bue now my pack

With asigh, the desert wolf replied, "You w
see a Gurahl? There is one nearby. Follow the
Of humans, but hide yourself well. And," he saud,
trotting away "remember what | told you about me
dling with death."

Brushingoif his pack'squestionsabout the
cryptic warnir led them com
settlement. Irwasa longer un than he'd g

hy the ume they saw the human's tents and smelled

their beasts, the sun had set and the moon rose high

above the dunes.

White-Fire did not know how to track a Gu
since she had never seen or smelled one before. The
himself lurked near a rent, decorated and obviously
meant for someone of importance
ced from the tent and
akening. He wall
the camp, lookins

Krieger
g. He was old; his hair —wh
ay, but he walked up

was still puzzling over this when the

Ashe watched, a man eme
looked around, as though just a
towards the ed
as though waitir fred; somethin,
the man was wre
remained — was

proud, Krie

from the' + realized that
dl hit the m: one
carried such awful power that
back. The taunts quieted, ther
sven desperate. Krieger cou!
Id not count:

en Krieger shrank
‘gan anew, loud,
see the children
nem. They stood among the
jects and stones. The man, forhis part

simply annoyed
hould step inand stop this,
he could decide, the man threw his hands tc
prayer. Instantly, che ground shifted, and
dup
sand spilling off it like a robe of glass,

was undoubtedly a Gurabl.

The beast stood higher than many of the trees in
Krieger's home sept. The children stood, transfixed
var flooding their own insults and
them. The Gurahl'

‘thesummoned up the bear from thes

master — for

and where

stood on, smugly, as the beast's: paw
ard.

ime Krie

1 had recovered enough to give

of war, the Gurahl's claws had done their

nd with rage, Krieger core into the be
hispackmates appeared from the night to
join him. Krieger smelled children's blood from the


sand, Garou blood from the creature's claws as it
slashed Stone-Softens' guc open, but somethy
missing. He released his grip on the bear and jumped
back, barking for his pack to do likewi:

He had scarcely begun to give the order when one
ofthe bear's paws swarted him, casually, as one might
flick snow off one's shoulder. The ti Fang
Ahroun found himself flung nearly a quarter mile,
landing headfirst in a sand dune. Shaking himself, he
raced back.

The fight had not gone well. Stone-Softens lay at
the bears fee, lifeless and disemboweled. White-Fire
struggled to free herself from a tent, but her strugeles
were weak, and Krieger saw thar her left arm had been
tom from its socket. In sick horvor, Krieger looked for
his other packmates, desperately hoping they were

ind able cofight-=orflee! —but hen the lifeless
corpse of Bryce the Just, the pock's Philoxtox and be
Tnndled at his feor. Beyce's body was cold, his skin
white... and bloexlless.

Recoiling, Krieger realized what had made him
uneasy about the man and the Gurahl. When the
stones struck che n> bale! bewd, dhere liad bees 1
smell of blood, and likewise, only the taste of dead fleshy
hd greeted Krieger when he bit into the bear.

Its maw srained with Bryee's blood, the Guraht
turned its attention to Krieger. He backed away, look-
ing fora place to run or hide, and tripped over a body
inthe sand.

As the Gurahl bore down on him, he locked eves
with Wind-Carries-Her-Voice. The Galliard was
badly wounded, perhaps dying, but reached out her
hhand to her alpha and leader and called upon a
mighty Gift. Fuclin ast ofher life's blood,
she whispered co hin to speak of her well at the
Gathering for the Departed. The bear charged, mov
ing much too quickly for something so huge. It sank
itstecth into Krieger's leg, just above the knee, nearly
separating it from his body, but by then they we

ght. Krieger and the

prof Morning's Kill,
wary. The beast looked about for

nge trees and the full

both confused
her mast

¢ drew bis lave and howled the Warning
's Approach, and leaped at the
The G assuredly much st
Krieger. Even asthe other Garou of the sept
funghim into a tree sobard that che trunk spl
And sill Krieger fought on. He drove bis k
the beast's stomach, howling the

blood or viscera came pouring out, but only foul airand
usclooking worms. The beast batted his
crushing embrace,
skull cracked. It
and Krieger gave chase
of the sept watched, but could
do no more. Ju
into fits when th he noble
sept were terrified of the Gurabl so that they could
not aid theit leader, only ury and keep up as he
chased it into the forest
Finally, the beast stopped, at ba
andtumed tofight, But Kr
and in mindless rage. He strode into the glade evenly,
and the two opponents circled each other. But the
bear was weakening. The wound in its stomach had
not healed, and it stumbled as though confused,
Krieger, however, never faltered once. The moon
shone down on him, and just as the beat charged,
Luna granted him a great Gift
‘The bear hit him with enough force to crush this
boulder on which I sit, but Krieger did not budge, for
he had become Luna's very avenger, a warrior whose
kin, claws, and fangs were made of pute silver. The
Gurahl realized its mistake —t00 late! —and howled,
master, perhaps merely in pain. No
zertorethrough itsfleshand burst through

I ave one final lunge, and died.
rlookedat hissept, standing awed around
brothers, Tonight { have
er, who has killed my
nd gasped at this news.
purify this cre: with fire, and
I would moum my pack alone. Leave me, but dig in
a circle around this glen so that the
spread to the
out hisorders, the
about Krie
the Child-Slay
Kreger did burn the creature's body. He ke
beast's teeth, as I said before
beasts head
fallen packmates. But there wassomethin
from that horror, of which he told no one.
After the Gathering, he stole to the Graves of the
Hallowed Heroes. He found a

this Child.

growled

id his battle w

that few
nize, and
began to di

In moments, the body of his mentor lay before
him. The poison that killed him still kept him
undecayed, and Krieger could barely sinell death

Krieger Wyrmfoe and the Death Bear


upon him, He pulled bis uncle's
sacred earth, opened its mouth,
Gurahl's heart over it

The last bit of blood from the heart of the Child-
Slayer dripped into his mentor's mouth. Somewhere

; the owl screeched. But there was nothing Owl
cor his servants could do.

compse fro
squeezed the

Bringy-Life-to-the-Old-Tales paused. The night
hhad become utterly silent. The wind hadn't gusted
since he t listeners huddled together, some
with lips
the tale of the
peda the fire, withou
the picture in his mind of Krieger trying to
mentor from
"Sadly, Krieger's blasphemy was successful His
tor dl indeed walk againg but noe fr very lang
like the Child-Staer isl, nd Mstime, Krieyerbad
to sacrifice his life to destroy it
"Krieger was buried alongside his pack, and the
rest of the sept never knew the full story. Only Owl
nd_perhaps the Silent Striders— knew the
truth, How came w know isa story I'm afraid [must
never cell.
"Krieger Wyrmfoe thought that he fought the
Death-Bear itself that night. He didn't; He fought a

dead creature, raised from its grave by powers beyond
itself and enslaved by the man in the desert. It was a
not reallyaGurabl. Only

fate of

I were not tainted, but the
sept of Moming's Kill did not know the full story
They attempted to find answers, but as Krieger had
not told chem of is pack's journey, they did not know
where to look. They foun! Gu «d demanded
to give
SeFeMte Garou choughi they were fying, ain be:
sides, they knew what horrors the Gurahl could
ak, Thus began the War of Rage
The old Galliard stirred the fire with his staff,
sending sparks into the air. The Garoushifted — the
revel was coming, and they knew it. Brings-Life
stared atothesfire, and. spoke so softly that the
assemblage leaned forward to hear him. "Some:
times," he whispered, "a story doesn't really end."
He stepped off of the rock by the fire, and took his
place with the other elders.
The silence was broken not by cn
but by Bloody-Show, the young /
wong the Garou, howling,
nd biting. The revel had begun. Ame looked
ac cher Moon Dancer, aftaid he might be offended
jon, but he was not. Iewasn't thar

£ approval

by the lack of adul:

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook


x

\ STORYTELLERS HANDBOOK
ES

|

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN» HAGEN {
QE a Se ee ee ONY


earns cere penser eres cee are mere a rer)

Godt
Authors: Bruce Baugh, Jackie Cassada, Lisa Clark
Fleish
Harry Heckel, Heather Heckel, Shannon Hennessey,
Forrest B, Marchinton, Matthew McFarland, Deena
McKinney, Nicky Rea, Sean Riley and Adam Tinw:
Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by Mark

Developer: Ethan Skemp
Art Director: Aileen E. Miles
Rebner, Alex Shetkman & Issac Mangold, R

cer, Drew Tucker
Cover Art: Dan Brereton

coe eS Gesmmmsor armssrras cen vast

Kyl

an. Geofirey C. Grabows

Greenham,

© 2002 White Wolf Publi
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for pe
the Dark A
cof White Wol
Changelin
Handbook, Book of the Weaver, Bi
Kindred of the
White Wolf Pu
by White Wolf Publishing,

gy
h.
Reine Hagen
Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hage
Editor: Aileen E. Miles
Art: Langdon Foss, Leif Jones, Steve Prescot, Jeff
Layout, Typesetting and Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 128
Cluristox, CA 30021 |
‘or copyright concemed.
This book uses the supernat L
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content
Reader discretion ts advised.
Fora frve White Wolf catlog call 1-800.454.(UO1E
Cheek out White Wolf online at
hp:/www.awhite-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp storyteller
PRINTED CANADA.

USA

Came STUDIO

Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission

use only. White Wolf, Vampire
xcs Mage the Ascension, Hunterthe Reckc

Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
ered traclemarks
the Oblivion
wolt St

ness are rei
se, Wea
We
es a Guide to Pentex,

ishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf

Werewolf the Wild W

t, Wraith the C rellers
of the Wyrm, Book of the Wyld, $
Wer
Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, pl

ast, Dark Kingdom of Jade, Ends of Empire
ish

Players Guide are trademarks of

and texthereit

The mention of or reference toany company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the tradematk

ral for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural

10

ee a

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook


AIERE WOLF |

STORYTELLERS HANDBOOK

SR Se RE
Contentt
Legends of the Garon: Xpeger Nypmfoe and the Daath Bear Fa
Soprodaction 12
Caper Coe: The Wold of the Garon 29
apher Tie: The Bath 2S
apher Three: The Orowkde 110
Dapher Lip: The Afftwrtarhet 430
apher He: Breaking the Mol 162
Dapher Sk: Of ft and Ent 209g
N
Contents Wl



events which h

le

teller and
ne to the right
reading it tc

Though the be hings Story

teller ‘enhance play for a
troupe, pl s they canensure the
well. Ube

makes or breaks

The Storyteller has the hardest, yet often most

rewarding, job in any troupe. I's s

director and the entire technical crew as well as
supporting actors and extras on a movie set. Players, as

the featured actors, can go wild in character ¢

andl development and experience the pleasure of seeing
those characters triumph despite

down to anobledeath inag
{portray everything thatallows the players'
acterstodothat. Whether comingup with a

or devising an

Qe nee erenrentc

ment: Many beco
sand sound engincers. They
touches to the gam
notableirems

tech special

with everything fro

pictures of
alarm clock s

must solve the puzzle or creating a mood with lighting
ind effects

Asifthisweren'te

ucthe parts of significancalliesand antagonists insig
ant background characters and even entire crowels (such,
astheotherme fthepack'ssept). Andin Werewolf

this may require the
a ravenous wolf to

lenibilityt

ay everything
te CEO, from a

1 monstrous c¢

allike spirit

rbitrator for disput

epeeter for
or interpretation

e best
players

ants amnanily)

are creative people wh

betimes when player

Introduction

ae

A TR A RT TET AY LTE IST


ae AA

with rulings the Storyteller makes, and such rulings
tend 10 cover things that dice rolls really should n
determine. A reputation for being both fairand a good
incerpreter of the epirit ofthe game goesa long way. But
even thar falls by the wayside if players feel their
favorite character gor the shaft. So let'saddadiplomat's
credentials tothe personas.a Storyteller has to take on,

Even after the Storyteller uses meticulous plan-
ningand craftsa game totime things tosuit the action
toanig
may miss obvious clues, jump to the wrong conclusion
or just plain decide to go the other way. Si
foustr

splay or several intense sessions, the players

h is the
such is the challenge. Good Storytellers
ncorporate the idea of ad-libbing, which can
eas intimidating as acting in a live television broad-
‘when youdon't know the linesor even what show
on. They can adapt to the whims of the troupe
and present them w nethit resting to do;
en if'sso far off the planned encounter it takes the
troupe intoa completely new storyline. Noone prom-
ined this yame came with directions!
‘Some of the best, most enduring sessions occur
when players take an extre

Xe weroeng turn in. mide
plotline, Fiction writers often speak of their characters
rebelliry from the writer' plans for the

nts. Why should Storytellers expect different
beliavior from live people who are helping to write the
story as they goalong? You have tobe prepared to scrap
what doesn't fit and grab onto ideas your play
to experience. If you can change things enough to fit
an their pet theories of what's really going on, they'll
not only feel smug thar they figured it out, bue think
you're a genius for setting things up so well.

Stull, with this incredibly demanding work laid on
your doorstep, you might wonder what you yet out ofall
this, Afterall, Storytellers don't get to be the heroes of
theirown stories, do haveto play the villain (who often
sets sliced and diced), don't get paid for all thar hard
work and don'teven get experience points. What could
possibly induce

otherwise sane person to do this?
Well, because it's rewarding to see other people
respond to the stories youcreate. Iesempowering tobe
the person others turn to when questions about the
nid its satisfying to know you've done a

fantastic job bringing a whole cast of characters to life.
Buc mostly, it's just plain fun! For the person who
wants to be the creative force behind the ongo
game, Storytelling is worth every effort expended.
This book is designed with you in mind. We'
here tohelp Storytellers hone their chops. We present
aplethoraofideasandadvice

few tipsfornovicesand
some thoughts for veteran Storytellers seeking a new
direction or touchingback on the roots ofthe game.

an art form, Storytelling is ever evolving, so this bool
doesn'tincludelotsofheavy-handed rules, Wewantto
help you improve your skills as @ Storyteller, not
dictate the one-and-only way it shouldbe done. Troupes
and Storytellers are individuals, each with the
style and prefe So don't feel you have to take
everything said as gospel. If something from the book

hour blessings. fic isn't
right for you, don't feel like you have to incorporate it
just because we said so. You're the only one who can sty
what you really need. You're the director. You're the
only one entitled to yell, "Cut!" when you capture the
scene the way you wane it. I'sa game. E

joy it!

The Nett Suportant Apech.

So, your troupe has gathered to pla
ewolf, You've all set aside a certain amount of
tw play and everyone anticipates having @ good
time. But why are you playing Werewolf and not some
other game? Your troupe could be playing badass
harbarians or mystical mages instead. They could por-
tray space marines or alien wonder-workers. If the
players just wanted ro kick: our the jams with aver-rhe-
top combat, you could run a game of mega-kill robot
mechs. Bur they're investing their time and energy in

acting the roles of beast-men instead.
Partly, your troupe comes 6 play' your game be-
use they know they can expect certain things from
you (or they hope they can count on you, in the case of
first timers). Your stories reflect your own personality
‘or your strengths as a Storyteller to some degree. Some
Storytellerspreferstraight-ahcadblitckriegaction while
in convoluted mysteries the charac-
ters must unwind. Many Storytellers ely ona stable of
tried-and-true suppor ssonalities and excel at
Js. Others prefer to focus on the woupe

and keep outside personnel to a minimum, In most
good chronicles, whenever you run a game, your story
unfolds around the characters, with them as the cen:
tral focus. Suill, there are exceptions, games that en:
mesh the chi
large for them to have
prove to be vuln
Regardless of your style
game, however, the single most important factor in it

others spec'

acters

ons that scem far too
on, yet eventually
le to their efforts.

nd the scope of your

derscood, dedicated to preserving that which daily
atrophies or falls prey to the mounting toxins of mod
em life, a dying breed

Ifthe players are ust portraying characters that are
basically human with the occasional foray into bersetk
battle mode, they're missing the point, While Garou
have both human and wolf sides, they're mote than the

14 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Aa DY,


sum ofthose parts. I's part of your job as the Storyteller
tohelp them find the place where wolf mects man. At
‘one and the same rime, you need ro help them unleash
the wolf while maintaining the humat

aits that sct
them spart from normal wolves. Most players
rabbing a hanxiful of dice, snarling out
challenge or two and whalingon the opposition while

Psbootial nature. Bu
very sick or in

have no

outthew

believingthey'roacti

less they red beyond

calves don't normally give in to rage. They
fight for their food! and to preserve themselves and the
pack, but it's 2 rare wolf that is ruled by hatred. R

‘thuman emotion. The thing that distinguishes human
hatred and fury from that of Garou is that che Garou

poses the superman y to become the embodi-
ment of their rage by taking Crinos form and letting
their anger overrule their saner selves for a time, [n
directing yourchronicle, youshould try wofocuson both
aspects ofthe characters sometimes calling the wolf to
the fore, and other times seeking to bring forth the
human. Never forget, however, that the characters are
first and foremost Garou and the blending together of
the two aspects is what drives your stories.

The Nest buportant Rule

Every book in the Storyteller System invites the
Storyteller ro change, ignore, improve upon or throw
out any rule that doesn't work for her. Mest Storytell
cers find at least few rules they don't eare for and some
they feel need tweaking. That's fine with us. We
encourage you to think thing: through and make your
game what you wantit robe. Use our rules asa starting:
place, not the final word on the subject. Experiment
Play a game or two without any rules at all allowing:
‘everyone to describe what they szand the opri-
mum outcome they'd like co see arising from those
actions. You may decide to discard some rules while
adhering to others. We've generally found that some
tulesare needed simply to. add dynamic tension. With.
oucanyrulesat all, there isoften a lack of conflict. But,
heys if t works for you, so for it

The only rule we absolutely want you ta follow is
‘one that is ironically absent at times, Picture this: The
‘game bogs down into paging through the book to find
out the exact wording A beleaguered!
player insists on knowing precisely how many pounds a
werewolf in Crines form can lift. You find yourself
Agguing about correct names for Get of Fenris. Someone
brings up the idea that wolves need twenty mi
territory to he able to hunt and your sepe
fifteen-mile-wide wiklemess area, so it's unrealistic
Untealstic? Like nine-foot wolfmen populate the real
world? When chis happens, it's time to lock the hook
iiway for awhile. Go to a movie. Read a book. Take a

I

walk, Do whatever it is youdo for fun and remember that
«ement! Whik
some people might find rules lawyering stirmulating

c.[e'ssupposed to be an ann

12 off. That's why we
dthe

want you to remember the most important rule
only one we really insist you follow

Have fun
If you aren't having fun, somethi

needs fixing,
Feel free to tinker with things until it feels right. After
all, we haven't been ordained to hand down gospel
We've found certain things that work for us that we
can pass along, but
it what you will. s

the end it's your game, Do with

Jong as you're having fun, we
promise we won't come by your house loc
Wyrm taint. Enjoy!

Pion fo Ute Thit Book

This is a book primarily for Storytellers, who have
the job of creating worlds, engineering stories and
reconciling the rules and the characters with what he's
al, Here we offer our advice gleaned from ourown
experiences and clarify a few things that n
hetterinsigh

ing for

y provide
a few secrets or surprises lurking within these pages
re are certainly ideas for crafting a better story, Use
you like. The intention isto provide you with the
Chapter One: The World of the Garou takes a
Jook at the structural bones of the Garou and theit
the becoming, Garou senses, Renown, spiti:
the Litany, ntes and several other important
aspects of Gaia's defenders. It con
designed tohelp you c
werewolf to your players, from the C
passions to the nuances of their society
Chapter Two: The Battlefield deals with mon
related issues, the things to consider when
ing the world around the Garou to greater life
Topics include detailing the city and the wilderness,
uinan cultures and myths to greater effect, and
animals and spirits
Chapter Thre rurally enough,
contains advice on building a chronicle, from the
moment you sit around the table to generate cha
ic climax that leaves everyone

talking for y

Chapter Four: The Adversaries dissects the en
emy, explaining how to use antagonistic forces includ.
ing the Triat, Pentex, Black Spiral Dancers and other
dangerous opponents to best effect

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold isa guideline to
deviating from the usual Werewolf game in various
ways. whether exploring historical settings, post

Trtroduction 15

CL ETD AY UE

yf I TE FE PERTTI LCE UTE TES TOA


|

Apocalyptic chronicles, alternatetakeson werewolves,
and crossovers.

Odds and Ends contains a
sto highlight a Werewolf
ame, fr the Kami — the inca
fomori" of Gain —toan expanded listing of potential
sources of inspiration for the game.

Plow He Ciatme kt Fayed

Now that we've reiterated the idea

is what you make of it, we do need to
concerning th

a few words
nd in Werewolf
andhow youcan leam tohandlean ongoing chronicle.
We've identified certain themes that occur again and
again and these may help you by pinpointing things
you need to consider in your own games.

Beyond finding common themes, however, themost
important thing youcan learn about runningany game is
to find out what your players want. Even if you follow

estion we make, use every posible enhance-
cd here and plan your game meticulously,
unless the pl fun, the game will fail.
Naturally, trying to de a game thar doesn't also
interest you isfutil. If your heart's not in it, youcan run
ayoxx! game, expecially over the long haul. Sohow do you
please yourself and! keep the rest ofthe troupe interested?
Ack your players what they'd like to ee in the ga
run. What do they enjoy? Whar frustrates them and
inakes the game less enjoyable? Whar would they like for
their characterstoaccomplish?If you're thinking "roving
troubleshooters" and they're pictutiny"beceninm Keats
happy. These rwo
aren't necessarily exclusive, but you'd have to make it
clear that their work as troubleshooters will pay off with
gaining the statu that wil lead to hecoming moversand
shakers in the sept. You might also talk to them about
what you want todo.asa Storyteller Let them know what
iis you expect from them and the kinds of stories you'd
like to tell. Knowing what each side wants will help you
structure your stories to please everyone. Letting them
help youcreate the stories youall want will make your job
that much easier. OF course, themes aren't the only
measurement of what players want. If you have a couple
of hell-orhigh-water combat commandos, some who
prefer deep personal discussions othe sneaky approach
anda couple who like to explore their Gifs ana rites, yous
need to provide opportunites forall of them to experi-
ence the kind of game they prefer. If you open your game
toembrace all these elements, youcan always let the ones
who ar "offstage" to do
something else while you run things for the others. Of
course, players who actively participate in all of it would
naturally get more experience... Then again, if you can
make it all appealing through creative descriptions and

stobe

of the sept," someone's not going to

vecested in certain parts go:

ee see

as and throw in a few twists to th
such things go, you just might train the reluctant
pants to like the parts they thought they wouldn't

Aslongas yougive them what they want, they'lleven.
fongive you forsetbacksand disappointments and we itto
become stronger characters rather than complaining
when everything doesn't intially go their way. In fact,
this may be one of the few games you'll ever run in which
the characters alteady know they are, in all likelihood,
doomed from the start. Afterall, noone can really expect
che game of savage horror to serve up lightweight fff
The enemies aren't at the gate; they're already inside and
ra too few and expec
cogodown fighting. Will theirsacrifice beenough tosave
the world? Thats part of the horror — and the appe:
they won't ever know for sure.
Major Thomet

Certain themes come with the territory when you
decide conmna Werewolf game. Noted below are two of
the most obvious and two that may not be so apparent
initially. All of them do interweave with various ele-
‘ments in defining what the game is all about. If you've
been playing Werewolt tora while, you've undoubtedly
couched on one or more of these, but they bear repeat
ing, if only to remind you of the roots you can retum to
for inspiration again and again. Of course, you don't
have to use a hammer to drive the point home. Subtly
inserting just ahincof these is usually most effectiveand
ties your chronicle toge

rtici-

ret even when stories seem

independent of one another. You will find many other
themes within your storiesas well, sodon't take these as,

the final say of what to include orexc hronic

* Warriors Doomed to Eternal Struggle

"The most obvious theme surrounds what the
are and what they consider themselves to be, Whe
they call themselves warriors or defenders, the Garou
embody Gaia's need to
swith the forces tearing
can never win their fight. And they know it
suited for battle, even the Garou' supernatural Rage
cannot fully defeat their enemies. For those enemies are
so numerous it's almost pointless to oppose them. Time
and again, the Garou throw themselves into the fray,
expending their best and brightest in stopgap measures
that cannot coalesce into a resounding victory. The
‘Wyrm slichers onward, gaining ever more allies and
Jing such corruption and destruction that
would not be enough to repair the
Like the hydra of legend. wherever one of the
Wyrm's tentacles is severed, two more spring forth to
continue the fight. The Garou, however, possess limited

numbers and few resources. Every Garou lost in battle
sounds the death knell for thei

inently

ind, for each is ien

16 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Za

——— ar yy,


placeable. All Garou know thar they are a dying breed.

c They feel the
jaws of the trap closing around them and know that
slowly, itably, the Wyen
they fall into Harano!

The sense offurility and defeat underlies every story
tosome extent, no matter how glorious it may be short
fact that their bartle is over before it begins? This is
‘where much of the hortor comes in, Created to be great
warriors, the Garou cannot simply give up. They must
strive for victory, expending their last ounce of strength
to strike a blow for Gaia, fighting until their last breath
emerges in a death rattle curse against the foe.

This doesn't mean that the struggle should be
presented as completely hopeless; afterall, you want to
ive your players ample reason to return to your
chronicle on a regular basis. Somewhere within them:
selves, the cha ed to come to an understand
ing that despite everything, despite the pain and loss of
death, so icmay all make a diffe
ing eke, they may be worthy of

* Savages Within the Civilized

No Garou. can escape either the savage or the
civilized aspect of her being, Just as those C
human must embrace their wolf eritage,even the most
fanatic lupus Garou havea human side, whether they'tl
axlmit itor not. The metis may be the most aware of the
drawbacks and blessings of their dual nature, as they
experience the earliest years of their lives tapped in
Crinos form, which blends the two sides most fully. In.
onder to act as Gaia's defenders, the Garou call forth the
most savage portions of themselves, loosing their R
to wreak vengeance on those who harm their Mother
Yer to remain dedicated to their g ui look to

ince. If noth

community, ceremony and alliance with spirits — all
requi igh degree of civilization — to keep them
focused and spiritually renewed.

Asa Storyteller, you need to give the players the
chance for their characters to explore both sides. Lead
city-ocused characters into the countryside
courage them to explote che wolf within. Let chem feel
the hor, savage joy of the hune. Find reasons for country
Garou co enter the city and discover their human sides.
Lec them see that there are things worth saving in an
urban environment. Play with the idea of using rites ro
bring out both sides at once. Graphic descriptions of
what happens during combat go a long way toward
spotlighting the savagery of the Garou. On the other
hand, when helping the players visualize ritesand moots
you don't have to focus on boring elements, but should
bring out che passion that underlies the Garou's exist
‘ence. Have fun devising barbarous or animal-like por-

nd en-

IN

tions that must be enacted tocortectly perform:
for waysto bring more civilized elements in

Dig
the more

savage of the pack's doings.

* The Individual Versus the Pack

One of the main features of Werewolf isthe concept
tharcharactersbond together ina pack or are members of
thesamesept. A few chronicles may be exceptionstothis
rule, but for the most part, Garou normally funetion best
in groups. Pack mentality demands cera
acceptingthatonepensonisthe overall leader and finding
your place within the soctal structureof the pack and sept
Those ofhigherrankexpectthoseafleserrank torespect
and obey them while lower-ranked Garou demanal that
those of higher rank be just and true leaders

While this unity makes the Garou strong, it also
‘causessome friction asindividualsstrive for recognition of
their efforts Iroften seems that individual playe
cot being the most important, the ston
admired within the group. Such players
allcosts, sometimes ignoring all other aspects th
cogain power — higher rank, more Gifts, coolerrites and
above all, some sort of ttle within the sept. While there's
ouibing inbercnily wrong with wanting wo gain recogni:
tion and increase the character's abilities it shoul' be
done at the cost of meaningful group interaction. Ruther
than confronting such a player directly, however, you as
the Storyteller can use the idea of the individual in
conflict with hisgroupasatheme to play up in yourstores
If approached in this way, you can stress the idea thac
characters shoukl strive for individual success within the
structure of the pock. To true Garou, theseprandthe pack
are far more important than the individuals within them.
Survivalof the group takesprecedence over that ofasingl
werewolf. A quick look ing Renown makes this
very clear. Nonetheles, its an underlying theme of the
game that singular charactershave the desire toexcel and
prove their prowess, which is sometimes in conflict with
their assigned roles within the group. Bringing the two.
into accord can bethe basisforeitheestories or chronicles.

Tosome degree, this dichotomy carries over into and
spotlights the idea of tribal conflict. Despite their best
intentions, Garou tibesdon'talways understand, appreci-
ate or get along with other tribes. In this case, the idea of
the individual is expanded to include individual tribes in
conilict withother tribes, keepingthe wholeof Garou from
uniting to destroy their enemies. Highlighting the distrust
ntagonism herween tribes

behavior

for Renown at

an reinforce the individual
versus pack theme and vice versa. In an age when e
Garou is desperately needed to fight Gaia's enemies this
becomes a powerful theme to weave into any chronicle.
* Corruption and Cleansing
‘This is such an ongoing theme it might seem almest
sillyroborheementioningit. Many Werewolf

ames foes

Introduction 17

ESL EES OY OTE

ram no nr nn TT



Jovers may corrupt the Garou either directly orindirectly
What if character' lover demands time he woukl
‘usually spend with his pack! The pack bond is strong, but
sis a love commitment. Thus, merely spending time
with a lover can lead a Garou to neglect his duties. What
ifthe lover has been carefully groomed to seduce the
Garou? By the time he leams that his apparently loving
partner isa trap laid for him by Pentex, it may be wu late
fortheGaroutw extricatehimself. Any ofthesecanprove
faker fora story or two while emphasizing that comrup-
tion isn't something limited to the Wyrm.

And what about cleansing? Garou who have let
themselves be seduced or corrupted may not be salvage-
able through a simple rice or two. First, the Garou must
recognice that she has become comupt and take steps to
rid herslf oft. This may involve joumseys or trials she
must endure, but the focus is on her intemal
struggle. Does she really want to cleanse herself or does
shesecretly revel in her commups nd what ifit'sonly
alittle taint? Can she reach beyond her intemal dark-
nessand still remain dedicated toG: ithe struggle?
Who judges wharconseirures taint and what is simply a
fault? These themes can he brought out alongside your
more mundane "clean up the Wyrm spawn" sessions.
Phayingone offagninst the other will actually strengthen
anil deepen both stories
Cobaneing the Ciame

Storytellers are faced with a diffi king
the story come alive for their players in an age of
television aud vidleu games. People are used wo having
the visual aspects handed to them on a platter, but in
a game, you must help your troupe create their own
picture of what is happening through description and
whatever other enhancement you can find to do so.
Below are a few of the ways you can enhance the game
for your troupe so they come out of a session feeling as

though they've helped ereate a great story.
Appropriate Sitting lo andl Out of Game

Toreally make your scenes come alive, you need
‘an appropriate setting. Outside of the game world, chis
means you need a comfortable place to play where
posible distractions remain in the background. Hav-
ingaspace where there isseating that allows everyone
tosee one another and places for paper, books, pencils
‘ind dice (if you use them) makes it far easier on you to
Aeepthe players'artention directed toward the
Lighting plays an interesting role as well.

Keeping the lights low or playing by candlelishe
ereates a wholly different mood than sitting beneath
Thning overhead lights. Dimmer switches, while no
longer in the vogue they once enjoyed, can be very
helpful in getting the troupe toreact to different settings

Introduction

Ce a aera

IN ee

(suchasdim light in acaveorheavy forest, brighterlight
foradaylightscene inthecity). Thisispartafenlivening
the scene by disguising what you lack

Tew troupes have the luxury of playing i a foxeat
setting, but playingasoundtrackof trees swayinginthe
wind or birdcallsorrain can evoke an outdoors feeling
Don't forget the sense of smell either. Spraying lightly
wwithapine scent can call forth visions of the forest too,
Pictures of the setting or special items help others
visualize what i is they're seeing or experiencing, and
music can help set the mood.

Though itmayneveractually happen, i'sa good idea
to ban food durin unkss yo recreating
feast of some kind. Rattling potato chip bugs orb
forthe erunchy candy during a poin
cone else's hig speech kills the mood and wrecks th
Setasideafew minutes break time forconsumable
some way to work them into the story

‘One overlooked aspect of preparing for the game
is to gather any items needed for the charac

find

to
ated stick
blish such
> in their minds. You might even want co mark
out an area in which the rite isto take place and have
the players gather within it. Don't be aftaid to exper:
ment with aids like these. We really aren't enacting
any real rituals, just using props to enhance your fun,
Lig Vinent Little Picture
Obviously, you wanttofocuson thecharactersasthe
main movers and shakers uf the gaunc, but excasiaaly,
you can expand the game by looking at the big picture
rather than the personal one. Whether at a moot, on the
battlefield or even during 2 an help yi
game to describe things happening outside the ch
ten' immediate range of influence. Consider the folle
angsof Venom thrashes ina life-and-de
againstaNexusCrawler, Naturally, you'llwanttoget into.
the low-down and dirty depiction of this epic battle. But
itt means mote ifshe ean sce the rest of her pack cut off
from her, under siege and dying unless she
immediate foe and come to their rescue
Likewise, if the pack is part of a sept-wide raid on a
Black Spiral Dancer hive, you'll take up mest ofthe time
describing and running their individual battles. Sul, by
ing things happening elsewhere, you not only make theit
battle mean more, but give them 2 sense of being part of
something larger and more important I's in such scenes
thar brave and noble sacrifices most often occur, That
presenting their personal actions within the context ofthe
larger picture also encourages players to go beyond indi
vidual goals and work for the sepror pack sal tothe good!

get by her

19

ALENT


|

ne AA

Phying to He tax

Since you have to use supporting cast (the players!
characters can't exist in a vacuum), you may as well
maximize their potential and effec tiveness. Making deem
sidekicks for the players' characters or allowing them to-
just take care of things the players can't be bothered with
robs you of roleplaying opportunities and shortchanges
the troupe. Use your Storyteller characters to point the
way, when necessary or to force the characters into
making hard choices. Give asupporting cast member the
same traits as a difficult player character and hight
how much of a pain she isto give the player a hint about
hischaracter. I's been said often that you need to make
cach one unique in some way. Even more important than
being absolutely unique, however, is to make th
alive, If the characters don't hate your villains a
them to die a slow, painful death, they
utilized as wells they might. And ifa Storyteller charac

. they should feel something for
thar person, They aten't cardboard cutouts or pushovers.
They aren't in che game to provide the characters with

mmetimes, they should even seem like
more trouble than they're worth. Suill, if you man

ter gets close to the pac!

easy solutions. S

depress the players (and their characters) whe
east member ches, you're doing it right:

Punch Ouf

Even playing Gaia's chosen can pall given time.
Go beyorw! Gia, the er

onment, Pentex and
mainstays of the game. Throw your troupe into a story
them on a spiritual journey. Find ways to make the
lupus embrace the homid and vice versa, Take the
Bone Gnawers out of che city and lure rural Garou into
the sinful city. Provide the characters with moral
quandaries. Use your imagination and cb

mber, the best way to enhance your
game is to have fun and provide fun for everyone else.

FAQ

Or, Thingt You Mpways Wanted to
Know Aout Mareastir

Nevenoff Phaology

* Is there such a thing as a "Garou gene?" Can
it be detected with DNA analysis? Can werewolves
be cloned?

Not really, no. The factor of b
spiritual; i's something that some
pick upon, butnot scientific blood ests oranything like
that. A Garoubloodline reads much like any other; Pure
stronger penchant o.catry
\cestors, scientifically speak

players. Just ren

‘Garou is largely
sand spirits can.

ing. Thus, werewolves can't really
‘dgetaclon
no werewolf traits. Meti:

be cloned through
ofthe breed form person, but
't be cloned at all, nore
nbryo he successfully transplanted «
gate mother; it takesa womb with spirit power and Rage
to successfully bring a metis to term,

* Can werewolves regenerate severed limbs?

Ifthe injury that severed a limb or digit didn't cause
Battle Scar, then yes. However, ascvered head doesn't
grow back; decapitation kills a werewolf pretty realy

* Ifyou sever a werewolf's arm or head, does it
revert to breed form or remain in the form it was
previously in?

Icrevertsto breed form, just like the old legend about
a hunter chopping the paw off wolf that attacked hitn,
wrapping it up and taking it home only to find he was
carrying a human hand. Werewolves don't make good
trophies unless they're metis, and the Garou go to great
lengths to
part are reclaimed. ['s that Veil thing, you know.

* Are werewolves considered Kinfolk before the
First Change?

No, they are not. They're werewolves from the
of birth, For instance, if they have kids with
another Garou before undergoing the First Chan;
the progeny will be metis.

* Can werewolves breed and produce off-
spring with dogs?

Short answer:No. Longanswer: Not fthepregnancy
could ce

wake sure that all metis bodies and severed

in human or homid babies (i.
‘Garou rating with a male dog), and in no cage will any
of the puppies be shapeshifiers. For a viable mating that
might produce a Garou, the animal partner must be a
wolf-dog hybrid ar lease 75% wolf, and even then the
chances of a werewolf offspring ate low, Even though
wolves (and Garou) can produce viable offspring. by
breeding with dogs, the difference between wolf-spirits
and dog-spirits is so vast that dogs — in fact, any domes-
ticated animal — cannot produce shapeshifter offspring.

* Do matings between Garou and Fera pro-
duce met

Nope. Metis are the result of exo shapeshifters
with too-compatible spirit halves mating; it's kind of
like incest, only onaspiritual rather than genetic level.
Ifa Garou mates with a member of ane
Breed, their spirit halves are incompatible — hence,
nometis. The child isthe breed of he mother; thismay
mean that thechild.can'tbeof the father'sshapeshifter
race at all (for example, a lupus mother's pups can't be
Bastet even if their father is Bastet), The chances for
"breeding true" are drastically reduced in such a mt

that achild will
naly 5% cluance

'sonly a 5% ch:
wulrer's tace an

ing, anyway; the:
breed tine tu

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

TY


of breeding true to the father's race. If being of the
father's race is impossible, the still only a 5
chance of breeding true to the mother's race —hence
such pairing are far from honorable in the sense of
taking a good mate and trying to breed true."

* Other core rulebooks have Merits & Elaws/
‘Natures & Demeanors; but not Werewolf. Why not!

Merits and Flaws are optional rules. There wasn't
oom for anything but the not-so-optional, "you need:
these to play" rules in the main rulebook (like rules for
the Umbra), so Merits and Flaws were left out. Until
wedoarevised version of the list, feel free tokeepusing
the ones listed in the Werewolf Players Guide; they
generally work just fine with Revised rules. The same
holds true for Natures and Demeanors; these are pac
ticularly optional because werewolves regain Will
power according to their auspice, not their na

* If a werewolf is born under a lunar eclipse,
what auspice is he?

wy think, the lunar celipse isn't
the mysterious "sixth auspice." Lunar eclipses occur
‘only during the full moon; hence, werewolves born
under an eclipse are going to be Ab

* Older supplements talk about a Background
called Past Life. What is that?

The Background: Ancestors, which was more accu-
rately named. The name was changed to
reflect whatthe Background actually i
remembering past lives, it was about contacting ances
Locspirits, hence the change for clarity

* Lhave a supplement that gives first-edition
Renovn awards. How do I convert these to second
or Revised edition Renown?

There's no hard and fast rule, much as some would
like, An old-form Glory Renown of 500 doesn't neatly
convert to one temporary dot of second-edition Glory.
Youhave to compare the relative scale of the Renown
award and adjust accordingly. The Werewolf Story-
tellers Companion has set of guidelines for this,

‘¢ The Uktena tribal description says that their
totem grants a talent for disguise to its followers, but
the totem description doesn't match up. Was there
an omission?

No, the tribal description should read chat Ukrena
‘encourages his followers to learn the skill of disguise
(read: Performance, Subterfuge & Stealth), not grants
themn the power. Sorry

* The core rulebook says the Stargazers' initial
Willpower is 5, but the Storytellers Companion says

4. Which is right?
It should be 4.

ars eee PY EEN Nr me

* Ifa werewolf joins a pack, but doe
pointsintothe Totem Background, docs:
benefits — traitsand ban, pack tactics, the
the way" rule — of being a member of the pack?

Said character can lear to use pack tactics as
nal hecan be "led" into the Umbra by an opener

He cannot be nomi
ede

"t pay any

asthe opener of
he torem's
traits or ban ut de a commitment to the
totem (via spending experience).

* Does a dot of Totem cost two or three experi-

‘* When rolling Rage, Gnosis or W illpower, do
you roll temporary or permanent ratis
ally permanent, although some Storytellers
prefer temporary. Either way is fine. The exception is
Rage; you always roll tempo
‘ever is higher.
Cf and Rr

* What happened

tions that didn't make
of Sweet Honey?
The nice thing about Gifts is that they're bought

ndividually; notall Rank Two or higher Bone Gnaw
would have to hav

‘or permanent, which.

the Gifts of previous edi-
10 Revised. such as Scent

ictery who had them before
f course, and the

coryteller can

sul allow p
‘common ai

* Do Garou that re
their

more.

isa rick you learn, kind
cl the power co perform that
trick resides within the Garou. You ca ‘unlearn" a
Gift, although you can lose the ability co use it if you
osis or Rage

* If the Rite of the Opened Bridge or Rite of
Carn Building fail, the ritemaster (and possibly
others) take damage, but what sort of damage?

Lethal

© When the Rite of Accomplishment is per-
formed, is it only to convert temporary Renown in
one category, or can it convert in two or three all at
once? For instance, if a werewolf has 10 temporary
Glory and 10 temporary Wisdom, can he have both
converted to permanent at the same moot?

The youngster has to challeny
type separately, but generally s he Rite can be
extended to cover each Renown typestsneeded. Insuch

Introduction 21

SETS ST, ME RN RO FTE


|

type separately hence, a Rite of Accomplishment con:
verting both Wisdom and Honor woukl require a sepa
rate roll for each. If either roll fails, the entire rte fails
to undergo each rite separately

* Also under the Rite of Accomplishment, it
says "three moons," which is translated into "the

next month and a half." Shouldn't this be more like
"dhree months?"

hence, some pret

Ah, why, yes, yes it should,

Gubon

* Spirit combat seems pretty rough. A Scrag
a Rage of 10 is difficulty 10 to injure and still
rolls 6 dice to soak damage! How are you supposed
to kill one of these guys?

Yeah, that isharsh. We recommend that for lower
ranking spirits you adope the

ile thataspirithasasoak
pool of Willpower -2 (no minimum; a spirit with
Willpower 2 had hetter have Armor if it wants to soak
damage), and that the difficulty to injure one is Rage
2 (minimum of 3), And go ahead and drop the Sera
Rage £0 6. The footsoldiers of the Wyrm shouldn't he
that cough,

* Does the soak pool granted by Armor replace
the Willpower soak pool (if any) or add to it?

Adulto it. Earth elementals are still pretty hard to
take down if hey nse their Charm.

* In the previous edition, werewolves rolled
Gnosis to soak damage in the Umbra. Is this no
longer the case?

Icis no Longer the case; they use
Storytellers who prefer giv
more of anedgein the Umbraoftencontinue tose the
old rule, though; we don't mind.

Comlbiat

* Doklaivesand grand klaives really do the same

high-C

da

Whoops! No, they don't. The weapons chart (pg.
210) has the correct rule ant klaive

* The rules for soaking damage, regeneration
and silver by form are confusing. How exactly docs
it work by breed?

All werewolves soak bashing damage as normal in

ms. Homids can soak lethal and aggravated
mexcept Homi

» Homid,ahomid
Jamage as normal, but not lethal or
ge. Lupuseannot soak lethal oragera-
ed damage in Lupus form, but they can soak them

Metis soak all forms of dama

in all other fe

22 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

eee ra L A DotA SPP CO

erate in Lupus; in these forms they simply heal as
mortals do. However, they can handle silver without
Gnosis loss in their breed forms, and silver does not
cause ageravated damage toa homid or hupus in breed
form. A metis regenerates in all forms, but also loses
Snosisfiom carrying silverand take:
from silver in all forms.

These who feel that this is a bit complicated can
simply allow werewolves to soak all damage equally

inal forms, but we don't recommend letting them

zravared wounds:

rate inall forms unless they're metis (who can't
ctulle silver in their breed form to make this advan-
¢ alittle more even).
* Some questions on frenzy: If a Garou whose
Gnosis exceeds her permanent Rage spends a Will-
ower point during a berserk frenzy, can she

istinguish between allies other than her packmates
and enemies?

Yes

* Ifa Garou whose Rage exceeds her permanent
spends a Willpower point during a berserk
frenzy, can she distinguish between her packmates
and others?

Yes,although she cannot accurately identify them;
the Storyteller will cell them they are attacking an
enemy, but not which enemy. She will only beable 10
distinguish between "packmate' and "not packimate."

* If a Garou's Rage is equal to her permanent
Gnosis, can she distinguish between her packmates
and enemies?

Yes. The frenzy section should read "a Garou
whose permanent Gi
nent Rage will not attack her packmates (unless she is
in the Thrall of the Wyrm)."

* You can only spend half your permanent Rage
in a turn for the purpose of gaining extea actions. Is
the fraction rounded up or down?

Up.

*# In the description of the Fur Gnarl maneuver,
it's stated that someone attacking the exposed area
has their difficulty raised by two. But the example
states it as a +1 difficulty penalty. Which is right?

‘The maneuver is right, not the example.

Sitting
* Can't I play a White Howler/male homid or
Black Furyfhomid Red Talon by having an
ent of birth or genetic quirk?

No. because that's not the way tribes work. Tribe
is a matter of adoption re than genetics; a male
homid Garou who's bom to a Blick Fury' mother
doesn't count as a Black Fury from birth. He's simply

sequals or exceeds her perma

Lup


Garou in effec tibeless, until he undergoes his Rite of
Passage and is accepted into.a mibe. Thing is, Pegisus
‘won'taccepchim, soany Rite of Passage meant to bring
him into the Furies automatically fails. Same with
homidRed Talons; Griffin won't allow it. Asfor White
Howlers, they just aren't a tribe any more; there is no
more tribal rorem, soa White Howler Rite of Passage
would automatically f eto be initiated into
tribe to be a member; birth alone isn't enough,

* How many werewolves are there in the World
of Darkness?

assumed that
each tribe numbers between about 500 membersat the
low end (such as the Stargazers) up to maybe 2000 at
the high end (Bone Gnawers, for instance' and
notably more in the case of Black Spiral Dancers
‘Although Vampire has a neat ratio of vampires to
humans that lets you see how many vampires are in a
given city, Werewolf doesn't work like thar; the big-
gestconcentrations of Garou population are often well
‘vay from cities, in the mickile of wolf country. When.
determining the population of «local sept, a good rule
lofthumb isto work our the ideal numberof werewolves
tocoverall the sepe roles, rotate guard shifts, and have
couple of packs who are more ot less full-time in the
field —then halve that number It's the hest way toget
across the very bad situation the Garou are in

* One of my players has an old Stargazer charac-
ter. Should I still let her play that character, now that
the Staryazers have left dre Garou Nation?

‘Of course! Not all Stargazers have packed up and
healed for Tibet. Lether roleplay out the difficult choice
she faces between tribe and sep, and let her experiences
theconsequencesof whatevershe chooses. Willtheother
‘Garou tus her, or assume thae she's just going to leave
sooner or later? If they don't trust her to stay, wi
alfect her decision if she gets treated like a second:
fora fantastic st
1g chapter, it says that werewolves
st Change at around 10-16 years
old (if homid) or 1-2 years old (if lupus). However,
‘on page 104 it says you begin play at 14-18 years old
{if homid) or 2-3 years old (if lupus). Is this a
contradiction?

Not uecessarily, Characcers may well have under-
1 of Passage and some training between
theirFirst Change and the time they begin play, ifthey
‘were too young to be risked in the field at the time of
their Change. Thisdependson the chronicle,of course.

SN

* On page 32 of the main rules, it says metis can
undergo First Change early in life, around the same
time a human child begins to walk; but on page 96,
it says metis don't shapeshift until eight years of age.
Which is right?

Page 96 should read "it eypically cx
until eight yearsof age metis prodig
shapeshife while toddlers, but most must w
they're eight or so

Misceflany
* Here's an art question: Why don't female
in Crinos?

shapeshife
leam to

n designed for giving birth.
asrs would get in the way. The Crinos
-astsand nipples, of course, but they don't
become evident unless the werewolf in
vs, which h sing a
metis cub. If there isn't for milk, the
breasts aren'( noticeable through the Crinos coat

And by the way, Crinos hasonly qwob

typically bom in ones or (rarely) twos, as with hu
aCrineshas only two mammary glanc

* Where can I find official stats for the White
Howlers!

Therearen'tany. Thisisthe tribe that'sbeen dealfor
the longest time; there' really nochance of running into
one of these folks, even in the time frame of Werewol
The Dark If you really need one for a Roman-cra
game, fake it with a mix of nd Abroun Gifts

* What about the Bunyip?

Some general Gifts and totems of the Bunyip are
presented in Rage Across Australia (reprinted in
Rage Across the World, Volume 2),

* And the Croatan?

‘ee Croatan Song for detailson what the tribe was
like in the time they were still around. Modern-day
stats for th

aswith humans.

n don't exist, for all the obvious reasons.

Wasn't there supposed to be a Werewolf video

gam
Twice. Both were devoured and vanished into the
void oftime,nevertobeheard fromagain, Askusniomore,
1s Gaia really Lilith?
Noteverything has to be shackled to the Vampire
mythology, you know

Introduction 23



m
selderme

she's really talented.

Victor Pelevin, "A Werewolf Problem in Central Russia'

Sxcowng Carey

The First Chai ny as th < ind acceptance amongst these
moment ina werewol?'s life — itis the momen} stan friendly people, he's pushed away
herealizes that he isn't human or wolf, but someth mn that i
other. Certainly, itfor stinthe werew up of
life as the moment he disc

feyeseconds that aformshift requires. les
of adapting t

that are new to Werewoll
cataclysmic

hechance roleam asthe
usually far mote effective th
edge from assigned

pitt in ¢

concepts

tob i do, which

easy, He's a

it players
and rest in bodies that are entirely unlike the one in know Werewolf pretty well. it gives you t
which he has spent his life to date. He has to adapt toto reinforce some of the key ideas of the game in thelr
leavinghisold life behind. Th minds right at the outset. So, how do you go about it
to fight. He's indoctrinated into aw Well, as you, the Storyteller, sit down to work out
new aspect of reality explore. several things you should bear A new
teachers are far fro kind and anddiny wolf doesn't so much become Garou as hecom
they're often brutal and ruthless. Then, ju fare of his true nature. The First Change is not a
Chapter One: The World of the Garou 25

LLL STN PY STOO



as ANAL PEN

Probably the best way to convey this sense of
adjustment to your players is by increasing the diffi-
talty of rolls for physical or sensory actions made in a
form otherthan their hirrh form (at lease while yews rin
through the portion of the story that deals with them,
becoming used to their newabilities). A modifierof +1
forCrinos and +2 for the two forms that aren't related
tite birth form (Homid and Glabro for lupus, Lupus
and Hispo for homid) is likely reasonable. Metis, of
course, would suffer no penalty in Crinos, +1 for Hispo
and Glabro and +2 for the two other forms.

You can also help simulate it by actually omitting
certain pieces of information in your descriptions of
what characters sense when they're in forms other than
their own. However, thissortof manipulationshould be
agreed with the players before the game gets underway

A New Mio

The lupus Garou undergoes the most profounk!
mental changes when she becomes aware of her nature.
The change marks her transition froma instinet-baseal
thought patterns to full, reasoning intelligence. It'
dramatic change in her whole perception of
Homan beings take years to develop reasoning
asthey grow from babies to childre
has to go through this process in a
weeks at the moat Fven thou
accessing previously unused capabilities than gain
new ones, it's still a challenging shift in consciousness.
However, even a homid werewolf has son
adjjusements co hee way of thinking w deal wi
‘werewolf isn't simply a mass ofhuman thought processes
‘wrapped ina powerful and mutable frame —it'sawhole
new way of thinking. It's a mindset that accepts the
reality of the spirit world implicitly (more om this later)
andwhich commitsthe werewolf toa lifeof battle. Make
‘no mist all werewolves are warriors, even the
Ragabash, Theurges and Galliards, and their mindset is
designed to help them pay theie part in Gaia's defense.
There are few cultures lefton the planet where the
‘warrior ethos is central to the society in question —
ang the ocks are that the characters in your chronicle
don't come from them, Even wolves themselves aren't
inherently warriors — hunters, yes buc actual comnit:
ted warriors? No. Coupled with this is the sudden,
Inowledge of a new langus
the Garou, which they have to develop and di
their understandi weeks
ant of the Firs
Change wil which a amracope isthe
bith of her Rage. A werewolt's Rage is one of the most
ng parts of the game, and it is

A lupus werewolf

something that requires some close storytelling atten-
tion inthe: il such a
u

arly sessions, t 1 as YOU
your players have a handle on it. This can be

peoblemaric, though, as Rage can he looked upon as an
intense, controlling emotion the werewolf feels and
tellingaplay ncter feelsistricky business

at the best of times. However, in the
game it may be worth ri
translate those Rage dots
whar her character act
levelsof Rage each ch,
to the player the growing anger and Lack of control.

Is important to establish Rage as a feeling, not
just asa source of supernatural power, andl the sooner
you can do so in a chronicle the better.

ly stages of the
ing it, to help the player
n her character sheet

lly feels. Keep track of the
acter

andquietly emphasize

Kin Rearing

Many years ago, the transition from human or
wolf to werewolf would have been somewhat easier.
Kin families, relatively knowledgeable about the
ways of their Garou family members would train
those children that scemed likely tock he
\waysol thetribetoprepare them forthe experiences
they undergo. This practice is still in use here andl
there, although some tribes forbid such "coddling"
of young cubs, and many Kin bloolines have lost
all knowledge of whaethey once were
"Thus,many of the difficulties outlined in this
chapter will he eased by a life spent preparin
he Garou The culture shock won't be so great,
the characteris already prepared for some of the
changes to his thought processes and way of life
nd he has been exposed to the idea, if not the
reality, of the Umbra:
mount of €oachin
the cubfor thephysical and sensory
he goes through once he st
Nether can talk of the Umbr:
prepare hi
and those first ence

w

However

mn prepare
aming curve
ing forms.
id spirits really
the Pen

Such characters are increasis

of the chameters in your game are |
broad outline given here. Since the change is more
dramatic (and therefore often mote satisfying) fora
cub that's ignorant of his true nature, most players
will be happy « ice potential "bonus know!
edge" for a more gripping personal story

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

Sh

|

|

ANw Life

Forahomid, the period before thech
angst writ lange. Most teenagers go through a stage of
believing themselves to be different — special, even.
They feel alienated from their pets. Formost, thisisjust
aphase they gothrough. This isnot the case fora young
werewolf. Boch before and after the change, people
sense that there is something different about the child.
Some shy away ftom her, instinctively shunning the
predator in their midst. Others become more conn
tational, seeking tocow the perceived threat. Ofcourse
tionsare not reasoned ones; they occur onan
al level, much as exposure toa werewolf in one
of theobviously supernatural formscausesthe Delirium,
These social handicaps don't disappear the moment the
lb changes, either. As the werewolf starts to come to
terms with what she has become, the predator will
probably be closer to the surface and less under control
than itwill be later in heellife. As the Storyteller, iefalls
to you to make the reactions of the human Storyteller
characters in your game fit this mould
Fora lupuscharaeter,the reaction ofherpackmates
ts much more clear-cut. Wolves operate undera social
hierarchy system that is more rigidly defined than that
of humanity. As the cubapproaches her First Change,
the other wolves usually start to perceive her as a
threat, even if they are Kin. In the end, the werewolf
to-be is likely to end up inva position where she must
challenge for dominance and the alpha position, or be
driven outasa lone wolf. The formeroption is likely to
trigger the change inand of itselfthe fierce combat for
prime position may well drive the Rage ofthe cub hi
enough that the change overtakes her, and she recov:
urrounded by the entrails of her packmates.
The lone wolf has curious double position within
wolf society: she is either pitiable, or the hope for the
future. The young and strong that aren't capable of
challenging the alpha, but thae desire a pack of their
ownoften leave the fokkandhope to pair ap witha mate
who has also leftapack. However, the "alien" nature of
the werewolf-to-be usually prevents the young Garou
finding a mate, ing her to wander until some danger
presents itself that triggers the change.

ngeisteenage

these re
instine

ers

In either case, the character feel like an outcast
already by the time she changes. Others ate able to sense
the inherent difference ofthe character from their appar-
cent peer group before she can, and both humans and
wolves, being social creatures, shun the threat. The
apparent advantage ofall thispre-change sufferingisth
once the character has accepted what she has become,
she should find ireasier to eave her old life behind. After
all if er old life had become a misery, why stay with it?

28

LL ——

ee

Thisiscertainly an angle to play up in your story, ait wil
givethe character greater motivation toacceptand spend
‘ime with the experienced werewolves that find her —
however bizarre they initially seem

Garey Sodiefy

fen after the cubs have accepted their new na:
ture, dealing with werewolf society is going to be a
significant culture shock for them, unless they are born
metis, One of the fewadvantages the mules have is that
they are aware of the workings of Garou society their

whole lives. Those werewolves born amongst the hu-
mans and the wolves have no such advantage

To a lupus, some of the ways that Garou society
work are going toseem more familia
like "dominance" and "submission" when describing
the actions of other werewolves to players of lupus
characters; "These are social interactions that lupus
characters understand explicitly. Afr all, it has been
part of their day-to-day existence for their whole life.

The same can'thesaidofthehomid. Instead of seeing
cone werewolf submitting to another, he is going to see
bisarre social interactions that are not going to make
‘much sense to him uncl he becomes adept at reading
body language. Youcan even omit the descriptions of key
physical signals if you don't think the character has the
knowledge to understand or even recognize them yet.
Only. once they've come 10 understand some of the
aspects of society, or had it explained to them, can you
start to introduce these cues into your narrative, Eyen
‘once they come ta imderstand it, they might find it hand
toacoept: Moslem society, in particular Western culture,
teaches equality as one of its guiding principals. The
werewolves have little tuck with this ide
they do ina hierarchicalsociery with defined roles. Many
characters, almost always homids, will have a hard time
adapting this. TheotherGarouin the caetn will always
be willing to "educate" them when they step out of line.
Lupus characters, used to a simpler structure ini a pack,
ayhavemore problemsaeeepting thisthanhomidswho
have the school and work experiences to tach them to
survive in hierarchies.

For the mets, of course, all this comes naturally
He's always been Garou, so he understands how the
relationships work. What is harder for im, though, is
that fact that people from outside the community he
was raised in are suddenly accorded more respect than
the metishimself. The poor creature might know more
pout the werewolf culture and the set-up of the
particular caer than all the other new cubs pur to.
gether. In mast caerns, that won't matter a jot, ind the
patized and his ignc

‘You can use words

existing as

is remains sti
all the:

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

einen </


that the other characters mi turing to the
be prepared

id them for paying

ht sta

For all but metis and homid Garou raised in Kin
fomilise, one of the moot profound mental shifts they
have to r accepting the spirituality of the
Werewolves, in two senses of the word. Not only do

they have a belief system that is both fundamental to
theitculture and often ditectly opposed to matty ofthe
religions of the mundane world, they also meet the
spits that form a core part of that system in person.
Hearing elder werewolves talking about the spits is
probably the first way the characters encounter the idea
Most Garou use « mixture of reverence and acceptance
tharwll come acrossas little different from the way truly
religious humans talk. The real shock eomes when ven-
turinginto the Unubra forthe first time, Here the charac-
ter fice direct evidence of the reality ofthe sprit workl
andthe Garou belief system. You shoukl take the tin
describe those fist voyages into the Umbra in vivid
etal, taking care to emphasize the differences between
the velver shacowand the physical world.
Homids, at least, may be incellectually prepared
for the idea of a diffexene world. That doesn't mean
actually going there has any les impact on them. This
is-a profound spiritual experience, one that should
promote both a feeling of awe and of homecoming —
‘ora great criss of fatth, if the homid was previously
very religious. Lupus face a slightly greater challenge.
They're only just coming to grips with whole new
thought processes, and now they havetocome to terms
with a reality that is markedly different from the
ical world that their previous existence was cen-
tered in. That said, they have a geeater affinity for the
Umbra, and when they have come to terms with the
idea, they should adapt more quickly. Afver all, forall
werewolves, regardless of breed, the Urmbra isias much
their home as mundane reality. While it may have
een dormant all their lives, they possess a spiritual
side thar is more at home in the earth's shadow that it
isin the reality of their birth,
‘The characters can't avoid it, either: Meetings
with spirite are I to learning their firce fow Gifts:
(nd indeed most Gifts thereafter). While there will
no doubt be elder werewolves on hand to help them
deal with the spirits, itis still the character that must
dy the work. While few fir ik Garou are goin wo
meet a spirit directly representing any of the great
powers, their first meeting with aspirit,evenifitisone
Inter come to regard as low-powered and

cs ANNALER PY SR

somewhat inconsequential, should be a profound ex
perience, As the Storyteller, you have two major
ings to bear in mind during this sort of scene. First,
member that the spirits are not merely animal or
plant-shaped humans, chey are creatures with their
‘own identity distinct from humanity. (Formore details
on portraying spirits effectively, see Chapter Two.)
ond, dhe characters are much like clumsy, brash
tounsts in a land whose customs they have little clue
about, certainly no more that they would glean from a
basic guidebook, and whose language they have onk
loose grip on. Andere they are, trying tobeg favors from
youwith noreal sense of the vast structure youare part af
and represent. With this mindse poushould be
well sec to deal with the characters a spirit might.

Jittng ly

Asthe first months of life as one of the

jarou pass,
a nical, should
pass. Certainly by the time the pack is deemed worthy
of a Rite of Passage; each member should be comfort

able with their forms and senses, have a working
understanding of Garou society and he able to. ap

proach spirits with offending them utterly.

The tone of your storytelling should shift from the
strangenessof Garou society tothe weirdness and horror
vf the enemics that the werewolves now face. As hey
return from the Rite of Passage, the pack should feelin
some way that they are coming home. Mentors who
were once terrifying and alien now seem more familiar.
A return rohuman or wolflife would seem strange, now
for they are seeing those worlds through different eyes
and minds than they were scant months before. You job
‘snow toemphasize thetaintof both Weaverand Wy
in human society as the young cubs grow to a
under ‘of the world around them,
decails on chat, read on...

Jentet

Garou are not wolves or humans, but rather the
children of both, creatures of savagery and civilization
They live in the material and the spirit world, at home
in either, yet st:

ly disconnected from each one
Most spend theie lives searching for meaning through
the endless battles that their very nature drives them to
fight. In many respects, perception is reality, so in order
to understand werewolves, we must know their senses.
By focusing on the different ways werewolves remain
aware of the world around them, the Storyteller can add
depth to the description of a scene and give a greater
sense of reality to her chronicle and stories,

erythingthat we}
Most people focus

roeive comes from our set
n sight

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 29

le


|

thinking. Duringroleplaying, they can "see" theevents
Unfolding in their mind's eye. More rarely, an indi
vidual may rely on hearing, remembering the words
and listening to the experis ate parts of
the session, while the visually oriented person may
describe thingy that weren't ever described by the
Storyteller. A ver
or this reas
wes inthe

primary perception.
ny Storytellers forget to use other
settings. The sense of smell has a
nory trigger than any of our other
our body chemistry immediately

Perception does bec

Wolves rely
wry sense, Wolves are not wiki dogs; they have
theirdomesticated cousins lost millennia
ago. A wolf has a sense of smell many times more
powerful than that of a bloodhound. Ifa wolf catches
2 scent, he knows not only that he smells a human
being, but also what that person last ate, He can abo
remember it and track the scent for hours. In some
ways, 1 wolf's sense of smell almost works like
postcognition. With a whiff, the wolf learns enous!
know eventsthar have taken place many houts before

Werewolves have powerfulsenses. They constantly
check their environment, aware of possible trouble
notice dangers. Inan urban setting, the eon:
of noises and sensations can cause som

but on smell as their

specially

lupus, to. go mad from the noise, the
Walker finds the quiet and strange smells
disturbing. Some
to ignore the world around them. Often, these
children, many of whom have difficuley steppt
ways into the spirit world

he wilds
wes, choosing.

lost
ide

Even when werewolves are in Homid form, their
senses are stronger than those of normal humans.
Garou pay more attention to their sensations than
humans do. A werewolf doesn't hear any better, but
she listens more attentively. Her predatory instincts
guide her eyes to notice things out of the ordinary. She
tastes her food carefully, savoring and giving attention
to the flavors, instead of inhaling the meal uncon
sciously. Thesmellsof the world hokd meaning forher,
iumoring the aromas of the modern world. A Garou
craves touch, feeling the breeze on her flesh, detecting
subtle changes in temperature and remainingaware of
the clothes on her back.

Senses change

formschange. Glabroformheight
tens smell to some degree. Instincts come to the fore far
more readily, usually as pricklingson the neck or un

30

—

ee 7

ut There Are No Rafat for Thi!

Some Storytellers may rankle at our blatant
tendency to describe
forms when really, there'

rou senses as strong in al

's no rules assisting Per
ception checks for any forms but Lupus. I's okay,
really. Even if your players are reading this book
(and we know certain cheatericious people are
eyeballing this very sidebar for "secret infor
even as we speak), you don't have to cave in
mny demands to lower difficulties or grant extra
dice on Perception checks. The idea here is to use

players how even as their
charactersshift shape, the texture of sights, sounds
and smells seems to rearrange itself, not fo grant
-ethankstotheir
here

description te show th

acters limited omnisciet
uncanny senses. Use the
tive flavor, to catch thei
forced to make it easier to find cruci
players really want to take better adva
their werewe

or descrip:
feel

senses, encourage th
their Perception, Alertness or Primal-Urge Traits.
Irene gooda nal
werewolf learns to perceive her e
‘Thatsaid, if you want to ive players acircum
ntial-1 difficulty modifier for Perception checks
nvolvin the for wer in (such
as sight in Homid or smell in Crinos), you're
welcome to. It might make your playets more
nterested inexperimenting with all their forms, as
actual werewolves likely woukl be

wechanic as any to rationalize how a

vironment.

ascuse thy

feelings in the gut. Sometimes these instinctive feelings
are positive, conveying trust. Some werewolves belie
that they can tell Kinfoll wrt from the rest of human
ityby aglneeorwith ascent. In Glabroform, the
‘of caste improves. Meat becomes immediately fresh or
stale. Liquids may do the same. Night vision

proves, although some werewolves believe that they
n colors in Glabro.
osmay have the most acute mix of senses.

found in any form, but a werewolf's ability to

those senseshecomes big proble
in the heart of a
that help a werewolf

ay én tune with her surround
ings, suddenly all demand the hu
of hot blood,

craving the taste
pping bones. Mad-
dening violentdesires to test thestrength of hersinews
and bones against her prey quickly overwhelm most
senses. Any unusual movement instantly attracts the

ention of a Crines, The dark holds little difficulty,
yeta Crinosstill enjoys the bright colors of her human

ind the sound of sn

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

tmmieny </

l


heritage. Eyes see things at distances beyond the
Of humans or wolves. A Crinos' ears perk
ietermine the direction of the fai
snnds heyond the normal human range, «
hum of electrical appliances, clog whistles,
tanrkells reach the werewolf ears. A Garon
aware of deeper vibrations as well, even feeling the
cep rumbles below the world. Like many animals, a
werewolf can sense impending natural disasters like
pkes before they happen. Smell is as powe
as sight for a werewolf in Crinos.
feed tobe seesnor heat
Touch heightens, although feelings of pain diminish
A,werewolfeelsevery brush of air against her fur. How
many claws and blades are dodged because the Crinos
feels them before they m:

Still, che constant rush of adrenaline, the roar of
Hood in the ears, and the pounding rage within the
heart of Crinos make perceptions blur. Sometime
‘everything becomes a threat and control isa constant
butte, An angry tone of voice becomesaadirect thr
Sudden movements are unexpected attacks. A
‘ean taste theflesh of her oppor
‘While rage varies with individuals, every werewolf in
Grinos carries a threatening edge.

Hispo form brings a werewolf much closer to her
lupinc heritage. The dire wolfcan sce much farther than
Jhumans and retains the ability to distinguish colors. A
Hispo as excellent night vision making h
detecting even slight movement in near dark condi-
tions. Yet, Garou comfortable tn Hispo form don't rely
so much on sight, as much as hearing and smell,

A werewolf in Hispo form can detect even small
noises over great distances. She can filter even small
sounds and quickly determine their sources and ditec-
tion, Certain sounds reach the dire wolf from miles
away. Howls will wake a Hispo from sleep even after
they are inaudible to human cat

Very little gets pase a Hispo's ears, but even less
gets pat her nose. In dire wolf form, a werewolf may
Seem to possess almost spatial awareness. Her sense of
smell allows her to remain aware of everything going
fnatound her. Shifts in the wind have some effect on
this sense, but surprising a werewolf remains fairly
difficult. Furthermore, she ean recogni ts and
find tails that may be days old. A Garou doesn't need
foeversee the human who trespassed near her caern co
identify him weeks larer. The scent works just as well
as actually having seen the individual. Many
wetenolves are especially aware of the scent of blood
and the sounds of violence,

InLupusform, che sense ofsmnel rules. Although it's
"stated bove, a werewolf can piece together pictures of

n enemy doesn't

inostabeawareoll

fe contact?

IN

ast events with her sense of smell. For example, at a
caem, she could recognize which members of her sept
hhad been present and when. Now, the wolf's ability to.
smell is not i
snowfall «

wash away or bury scents. Strong odors,
anything from toxic chemicals to animal musk, can
mackothersmells, Huntersoften have sprays to disguise
their ceents. On the natural front, a skunk can be a
problem, though Ragabash have been known to intro-
duce newhomnid cubs tothem justforagood laugh. This
form has excell They can see well at night,

ing the

Garou can see in color in all their forms, although
Storytellers may wish to change thisfor their chronicles
if they think it will make play more fun.

Werewolves have other senses as well. The Umbra
affects werewolves in a numberof ways. Even without
"pecking," Garou can feel changes in the spirit world
Members of apack can cell wh enteranantisep-
tic lab, before they've even caught the scent of the
dead air. Whena spiriton the otherside pases through
a werewolf, she feels something. cithe
warmth or strength if t's friendly or chill and dread if
it's a potential enemy. These senses are real and
powerful. Werewolves with strong Gnosismay experi

1 sense of

Garou have powerful racial memories as well
Some werewolvesdirectly experience the memories of
their ancestors, but even those that don't often have
scrong feelings of deya vu. Many times,a Garou has led
through a wildemess that she's never visited, and yet,
somehow managed to clude pursuers and avoid ob-

stacles instinctively. Other times, werewolves have
recognized and instinetivelyknown detailsabo
orevents in the past. These exp
in Lupus, Hispo, and Crinos forms, but they
limited to those forms

Strong packs may develop a bond, a link with each
other. Membersofsome long-standing packs can
real each other's thoughts. Packmates have difficulty
hiding emorions from their fellow members. If some
thing is wrong, all the members of a pack will know.
They may norshare the details, bur they will know that
something is wrong. Some packs even have a sense of
stories of asingle pack member being attacked anclother
members feeling pain ora sense of urgency. Sometimes,
other members may even feel compelled to go to a
eiuain place,even iftey've never been therebefore,t0
help out a pockmate. Theurges debate whether this
"pack-sense" isa tmue sense belon Il werewolves,
or if instead, st is a function of the pack totem spirit

items

en't

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 31

Se a arene

RTARTA!

|


|

ee AZ

Regandess,packsthat stay togetherseem todevelop this
ng bond, even between members who dislike one
nother. A Storyteller can use this pack awareness to
help keep characterstogether. making them realize that
their pack bond ismore than justa verbal commitment
ich Gifts that use the senses. For
nple, Sense Wyrm works differently for individual
werewolves. A lupus may detect a foul stench of
ing from fomori. A homid
may seeadark glow surrounda Wyrm.
Other possibilit
and unease whe

ex

ted creature
feeling of dread
1 thinks about the target
fensations may change as forms change, adding vari-
ety to the use of sensory Gifts and giving players an
even greater feeling of the differences between forms.

Heightened Senses deserves some special mention.
Storytellers may wane ro incorporate this Gift into sense
ing packmates or knowing when theit ener may be in
‘While"average" Garoumayhavesharperpercep-
tions than humans or wolves, a werewolf with this Gift
should have the possibility of performing some extraondi
nary feats (although remember that it's still onlya Level
One Git. and shouldn't outstrip more powerful Gift).

Although a werewol?'s senses are her allies, they
can also be turned against her. Experienced hunters
use powerful high-frequency sirens against a Garou in
Hispo or Lupus. Sudden bright flashes can blind a
werewolf and even cause her to lose control. i
sprays aren't as, effective on Garou as they
urn (chan werewolf HRI bles), but
they still Gause problems. Indirectly, the distraction of
realizing a packmate is in pain or feeling a cold pres-
cence in the Umbra, ean spell doomt ina fight. Just the
cacophony of smells and sounds in an industrial plant
can make it difficult for a werewolf to focus.

Using a werewolf senses gives.the Storyteller an
arsenal of description tobelp liven upany scene. Many of
these acute senses can provide matetial for scenes and
stories and allow a Storyteller to take control of a scene
that's gotten ouvof han Hasa pack member gone off by
crself and done something stupid that's going to ruin
yourstory for the evening? Have the rest ofher pack chow
uupbecause they felt thar they "just had to be there." Are
the playeryand their characters stumped about amystery
that's gone from intriguing to frustrating? Use a wolf's
scent togive them more clues. Maybeachance encounter
causes a werewolf to recognize a strange smell. Don't be
ul to let the hunters take advantage of senses. If your
pack laughsat band of humans that they rip apart before
the hunters can bucatle ewe, sve det down. with
flashesorsonics Aboveall,justrememberthat werewolves
have powerful senses and that as Storyteller, these all

provide opportunities for you ro enliven your games and
flesh our your scenes

Diemegryplla

"How many werewolves are there in the World of
Darkness? I'san interesting question, andone that'sbeen
left unanswered fairly deliberately. There is no "official
count," at least not as faras White Wolf is concemed. But
it's worth exploring how many there cou be.

Werewolf has a cadition of avoiding hard-and-
fast numbersabout werewolf populations, and for good
reason; one person's figures can be completely anti-
thetical to another person's idea of how many should
be left in the End Times. True to thar idea of "one
Storytellers meat is another's poison," this section
discusses principles and possibilities, rather than lay-
ing out definitive answers.

Whe Knows?

This ish't a shetorical question. There's a crucial
difference between the facts you know as Storyteller
and what anyone in the game world, player character
or otherwise, knows, Ask yourself how an individual

inds something out. There isno Census Bureau in the
Garou Nation, no central authority to compile defini-
tive records. There are plenty of good reasons for
Various groups to exaggerate their numbers and also to
conceal some of their strength. Individuals make mis-
takes, and tradition can ensharine those mistakesiustas
readily as it can preserve the truth,

So nobody in the World of Darkness can conti-
dently say anything like "there are 6,423 members of
the Twelve Tribes as of noon last Monday." Charac:
ters who set out to investigate the numbers of their
kind will end up learning things that surprise them,
and which conflict with the prevailing assumptions
around them. An accurate tally, even'a good approxi-

ion, of Garounumbersmust involve travel through
‘out the world and careful diplomacy with a grear many
powerful Garou who won'teasily part with the facts of
their respective communities. The would-he students

rou demographicsmust show themselves desery-
ing of many people's trust and deal with the schemes
of those who'd like to deceive others

Tre knowledge of anything important in the
World of Darkness comes at a cost, and the quest for
understanding isa great hook on which to hang many
ventures. both during the search itself and after
ward, looking ar the implications of what the
ters now know.

The Pathe Neubert

‘Worklwide, the yearly birth rite among humanity
isa bit more than 20 live births per d J people —
slightly more than 10 per thousand in some par
developed West, up to nearly 40 per 1

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

a

Seren EE,



bere eve reer rene enrencie arr erner re-enorrenamnerenre

om SSA

assensible werewolves usually avoid hassling magicians
unnecessarily. Unless you'rerunningthe Workdof Dark-
atural communities don't all
ntial suburb, and indeed are
llexceprin the vaguest
c's goox! not to go stirring up trouble there,
e you ger trouble hack.

Tite bupfieapions

Aboveall, new cubsare precious. The Garou Nation,
isnotthriving, The escalating violenceinthiserapreced-
ing Apocalypee takes an evergreater toll on the Garou.
Therearen'tevenenough new werewolvestomake upfor
the losses in mest years, let alone any for expansion.

The Garou have often been guilty of overwhelm-
ing pride and foolhardiness, but they're not altogether
stupid. Cubs are not expendable eannon fodder. They
get thrust into battle before they're ready in many
ases, because there's no alternative: if they don't join
the fight, there's no one else to call on. But only a
profoundly foolish elder pushes a cub to death, despair
or flight, Of course, once cubs start to figure this out,
natural human (and lupine) tendency toward rebel-
hon can anddoes conflict with the duties ofthe Litany
I's han! to main strict hierarchy when
sand subordinates know that there are
feel at liberty to dish out

ness as farce, the super
share a block in some re
likely notaware of each other
terms:

be

both sup.
limits on what the super

in punishment and correction
A Ling Work

Keep in mind that arithmetic cannot tell the whole
story when

‘he Garou. They are not entirely
wanistic universe, They live sur
rounded by the spirits, and indeed must spend part of
theirtime beyond material realityto befully chemselves.
Gaia and powerful spirits can and do override
averages when it suits their purposes.

The extent to which you emphasize this aspect of
Garou existence as it applies to population can greatly
color your whole chronicle. PCs who are aware of them
selves as chowen, watched players in the game of the
\world'Ssurvival develop very different outlooks from PCs
who are aware af themselves as drops in the great ocean.
cof humanity, whose ability to participate in the life of the
Garou Nation depends on the luck of encounter with
others of their kind. Both styles fit within Werewolf's
over iedependeon how youwant to balance
outthe ninth chance. Youcan,
of course, let some PCs start off emphasising fare and
others emphasizing chance in their preludes

Compfications anit Varlapiont

The basic numbersare astartingpoint, notthe last
ynamics are a tool for making your
want fo.

Mh

Almost ironically, werewolvesare at their mos fertile
when creating the exact sorcof cubs that will do nothing
tw further their lineages — GaroulGaro matings ter to
take" a lot more often, Furthermore, hemetispopulation
of atribe won't contribute a damn thing to the breeding
efforts. If you want togo the simplest route, simply assume
athe ate ofLitany violations that result in metis cubs
ismore or less proportionate to the smaller birth rate that
a.tibe would suffer from having/a portion of their number
beinginfertile: However. thenumberof metisina tribe can
fluccunte willy herween generations. If there area larze
numberof metis within a tbe, youcan expect thatthere's
ankled pressure on the homids and lupus to breed more
hhornidsand lupus, and cherefone fewer metis being bom in
the next generation. Similarly, if there are few metis ina
tribe, that may mean thar the current ger
feel touch kesspressure coavoid "wasting" their reproduce
tive years—orperhapseven mere pressure. Thisean goall
somts of ways, but i's something to consider.
The Beck Spiral Dancers
Are the Dancers part of the totals gi
The answer will significantly affect how close the
Garou Nation is to the brink of complete collapse in
your chronicle. The Dancers exist on the fringes of
Garou society. They reeruit out of the Garou Nation
and the Beast Courts, and of course they kill members
of both communities. Bur they also have their own
Kinfolk and therefore their own sources of new ct
Ifyou cata sh
Dancers, everyone else's share shrinks, of course, The
smaller tribes end up with less than one new cub a year
(see below), and even the numerous, well-established
ones in an area suffer: Instead of 3-5 new packs in a
year, there may be no more than 1-2, and in the parts
of the world where Garou are scarce, a new pack of any
kind may be a rare occasion to celebrate and ven
If the Dancers exist in addition to the above num
bers nather.than as part of them, then you have. the
freedom cokeeptheie rucstrength both mysterious and
‘ominous. At this point in the saga of the world's twi-
light, they're as numerous ay/any tribe, indeed, more
numerous than most. This generaltzarion gives you ot
of room to maneuverin when preparing surprises... but
keep in mind that Dancers don't come in inexhaustible
quantities either. every victory your players win is
followed only by more huge hordes, after a while your
players as well as their characters will fel discouraged.

Size ani Piifpitupion
There just aren't as many Red Talonsor Uktena

there are Bone Gnawers and Children of Gaia. The
are two broad categories of Garou tribes

out of the above numbers

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

tienen //2


Shildren of Gaia, Fianna
Get of Fenris, Glass Walkers, Shadow Lords, Silver
Fangs, Uktena, Wendigo; Hakken

# Small> Black Furies (limited by gender), Red
Talons (limited by breed), Silent Striders; Seargazers

Therribesin each category aren'tall the same
‘but the variations don't matter much for this purpese
The kage sal yet Uneit cub ot su a year, and three
‘orfour of the tribes most numerous on a given conti
nent get another one or two each. The sinall tribes
Often have years without new cubs.

Note thatthe tribesaren'tspreadevenly around the
worl likes many smooth layersof varnish. Red Talons
hater in wilderness, Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers
incites, Uktena and Wendigo are far less common in
Europe or India, Hakken unknown outside Asia,and so
fn. The typical sept does not include members of eve
tribe, only of those relatively common in that partic
ateaand!a more orless random smatteringof the others.
The fact that a cub enters a tribe this year doesn't mean,
{tdoes s0 anywhere the charactets or anyone they deal
With ever goes or even knows about

Carging pho Numbers

** Fewer Garou: If you want each cub to he
‘Mote precious than italready is,and each deatha
the Garou that much more tragic. simply adiust the
oral down,

Atleast two very different kinds of atmosphere can
emerge froma shrunken Garou Nation. The:

‘langsly colored, so thar the handal of wore

Tegion feels very much alone in the face of

hostile world. Or the Garou may be very closely bound
together, making heavy use of spiritual communication
anal travel to preserve their unity even though syread
‘thinlyaround the world, Shrinking the Garou Nation by
A fictor of two would make it as small as the total
Population of mages, but very different in foel: more
"unified in some wa shared realityof Gaiaand

pst mages ate.
Incither case, in practical terms the Garou would
have to cluscer for mutual survival asa people, so that
"there'dheenclavesof werewolvesand large
"whole countries, where now nobody performs the
"Gaou functionsof p. Thiswon't
"make the spirits happy, and of course it means that
"here are holes in the work's armor. The guilt and
"fiysration chat fallow should pl
hronicle of very scarce Garou.
lf the rotal world population of a tite falls below a
"few hundred, then the tribe simply cannot be a global
"presence ts members must cluster near their Kink to
fave any chance of survival at all. A chronicle in which

eas, even,

major role in any

a LTE PEN

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

The Shape of Thing fo Come

Thiskind of greatly diminished Garou Nation
isone way to play a chronicle sct in the near future,
inst the hackalrop of a world that c«
pervasive decay of the modem day with the edgy
futurity of cyberpunk and post-cyberpunk visions.
‘See Charles De Lint'snovel Svahaand John Shirley's
short st 1" for examples of how to fu
<oberpunk and shamanism. The desperation «1
gendered by vanishing tribes and isolated septs fits
the mood of approaching darkness quite well.

ibines the

there are, say, only 2,000 Garou worldwide is one
which the ties very likely interact only occasionally in
passages herween the greatest cacms, It'sasituation more
like the Garou in prehistory, gathered in their places of
origin and scarcely aware of each other, except in the
nodem day there'd be a constant pervasive sense of lost
nunity. Ifthe total Garou population falls below a
thousand, either some tribes exist only assingle extended
family lineages or th

sase to exist altogether.

* More Garou: Altematively, if you want a some:
what mightier Garou Nation, increase the numbets
Double the population of werewolves and youl ensure
that no nation or region need he altogether free of
even though some may have asingle sept or
even a single pack to cover broad territories, There are
still not nearly enough Garou to waste casually, but there
are enough to assemble war hands for special needs,
n the relatively unattached individuals
lange caerns, yo ou looking to pr

we th
lable
sth
wething quite

foes, then

oppomunities) that come from c
oxkds with courag and grim resolute faith
frame Garou life. Trying to preserve that when the
Garoucan assemble whole:
cities is likely to lead to

erserk spiral of esealats
force. Thisean bea lot of fn, but it ceases to be a
ofbravespiritsstandinginthe breach against the world's
doom in favor of being a game about furry superheroes
or oucol-conuul agen of brutal camage. Think ahead
before committing yourself to this sort of setup.
Nar Changing Breeds

‘The way Wer presumed that the
Fera population is in considerably worse shape than
thatof the Garou. Ifeach Changing Breed had compa

rable numbers to the Garou, not only would the
Apocalypse's outcanne be less in loulit, but die Garo

swolf works, it)

on eon rn


|

would become a minority —something that would be
very wrong fora game called "Werewolf." Storytellers
with afondnessforone particular Breedoradistaste for
another may wish to adjust ehese figures further. but
the assumption is that few Fera have been able to
prosper since the Wars of Rage

The Ananasi and Ratkin (including Necumi) are
Garou in numbers, and (dependingon the Storyteller's
tastes) even exceed them, Ofall the Fe the
most fertile

The Bastet, Corax (including Tengu), Mokolé,
Rokea, Nagah, Kitsune and Kumo all fall into the
moderately populous" numbers; each Breed is prob
ably about the size ofa healthy Garou tribe. The Rokea
were once more populous, but the disaster at Turna'a
(see Rokea) has reduced theie 1

Finally, in the
Nawisha,Gurahl
tribes

these

mbers considerably.

category come the
jaa. [rived Bastet
fall into this category as well
There's unlikely to be more than 500 of any of these
troup, and 100 is probably a more accurate estimate

Religion avd Spiripydty

All Garou are spiritual; not all of us are religions."

— Jonn Lao, Stargazer Theurse

‘The inherent spirituality of the Changing Breeds
can never be stressed too much, A werewolfs connec
tion with the spirit world is as crucial as the air she
breaches; she is intrinsically tied to all things spiritual
and would quickly perish if that link were to be
severed. Pethaps more than any other denizen of the
World of Darkness, a werewolf depends on her spiritu:
ality togive herstrength, purpese,and hope forabetter

row. Spirituality ismore than beliefforawerewolE,

it's a way of life; in fact spirituality is life itself

But there's a huge difference between "believing"
and "knowing." Werewolves do not have faith, as most
people define it. Their absolute, unshakable knowledge
that Gaia does exist isa faet. From a werewols First
Change, she can literally feel Gaia. While Garoudebate
many topics relating to spi one that would
never be overheard isan argument about whether Gi
isor isn't real, While some Garou are more in cune with
their Goddess than others. even the Black Spiral Danc-
ers would acknowledge that Gaia is very much alive.

What is open for debate is exactly wha

Gaia is, and more importantly what She represents.
Even

of Gain Herself docsn't answer

these questions such thar there's no room for doube
Because no mortal can ever really understand Gaia

completely, religiousfactionsdoexist withinthe Chang

ee 7 el

ing Breeds even if they aren't as wildly diverse as those
oh While most of the shapeshifting races
‘edit Gaia for being the grand creator, others give Her
a more minor role in their creation mythology. This is
particularly evident in the various Fera societies.
What does this have to do with Storytelling? Sim-
ply put, some careful attention paid to the religious side
of Garou life ean open up new levels of roleplaying for

your characters. If you're able to properly represent the
faith of the Garou, players will ask themselves just how
d their colleagues' beliefs. Obvi-
‘ously, you'll need to use some discretion when dealing
with religion and spirituality, aspersonal and important
issuesas they are toanyone (playerand character alike)
And certainly, there are no hi ind fast rules for what
werewolves do and don't believe — describing a
character's faith as integrating C nism with Catholi-
cism isn't "inappropriate" unless you feel that way.
racer of Dewotion
A good example of the personal level of Gaian
faith is the cendency to worship or meditate in.a place
wn choosing rather than a formal temple
area. While it would be somewhat unusual to find a
"traditional" worship house for those who celebrate
a, placesabound where a werewolf can find abit of
st ta reflect and hear the whispering of
her Goddess to her soul. The most obvious is a caer,
the majority of werewolf sacramentstake place

em, The function of a caern in a werewolfs
spiritual life iomanifold. Pe

inacacmn not only invigorates the Garou present, but

ctity ofthe caer itself.
re meditation and worship
of werewolves, they take great care in insuring
I good condit

ncethe

A werewolf may also choose to pay homage to her
Godddess in various places throughout the Umbra. Ifa
Garou opts to worship in a place other than her eaern,
there is generally a reason bebind her actions. Perhaps
shesecksanswersthat would not be readily availableto
her in the physical realm, or maybe she does not have
es toa caem. Nevertheless, she can seek places in
a and other celestial beings
h locales are visited lessofte

well kept as
If wall visit a particular shrine

the Umbra specifically built for devotion to C
Shrines dedicated to G:
dor the spirit world. Su

caer,

only to.
While the Garou used to actively build sanctuaries in
the Umbra, modern concerns have left little time for

ged or destroyed.

such activities.

36 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

RL PT ST a ry,


a RATE PEN ER

IntheFinal Days, the Umbra isfilled with places
that reflect the death throes of the end of an age.
While many locations in the Umbra are frightening
Ameven the bravest Ahroun, locales still exist that
representa gentler time in Garou history. After the
tise of the Gauntlet, werewolves desperate to keep
their spiritual roots strong built many temples to
honor Gaia and other Celestines. For a period of
time, the number of Umbral shrines was roughly
fequal to the number of caerns developed on the
physical plane. As time rolled forward, and the War
Of the Apocalypse be nest, many of the
shrines were destroyed, or even abandoned as che
primary focus was given to protecting caerns. A few
wellnown shrines still exist, and while they are
considered important, Garou would, without hes
fation, leave an Umbral temple to fall in favor of
protecting a caern in danger.

A favorite cacti of Black Spiral Dancersinvolves
a tworftonted attack. A nearby cacen receives the
inidal onslaught, and as the few Garou who act as
saretakers to a shrine leave to defend the caer, a
second troupe of Spirals desecrates the recently absin-
doned temple. In this fashion the enemies of Gaia
have demolished the majority of sacred places in the
Umbra. Despite the losses, afew templessull exist and
are used as places of refuge, meditation, ancl worship.

Allvtis

The Black Furies constructed Allytis notonly in
reverence to Gaia, butalso in homage to their totem
Pegasus. The temple is located in a Penumbral Glen
nar to the comesponding physical homeland of the
‘] Furies. The area has a very Hellenistic feel and the
surrounding arca is ripe with olive trees, vineyards,
and other trappings of ancient Greece. The shine
ielf is small, bur radiates a sense of peace and
prosperity, Fantastically carvedpillarsof white marble
support an impressive tympanum, which spans the
font ofthe structure. Within that pediment visitors
‘can see acarvingdepictingthe creation of the Garou

howl of the Holy

according to Fury
temple i aizy andl
statue representing Mother Gaia gazes over the
sanctuary. Allytis is a serene haven to a weary
traveler. While there was a time when only Black
Furies were allowed
wishes to pray or give offer

The Glade

{fa fatigued werewolf were simply looking for a
place of introspection and renewal, the Glade would
he a perfece destination. Rumored to have been
developed by the Children of Gaia, the Glade is
Tittle more than a small clearing amongst hty
ancient pines that seem to touch the sky. Those
visiting can hear the murmurs of many different
spirits that have made theit home near the shrine:
The Glade is actually considered to be one of the
many sub-realms of Pangaea,
free of predatorsand aC
of identity. The challenge for the werewolf that
secks to gpend time at the Glade is in finding it.
Because of the numerous pocket realms that split off
from the primordia! realm, the (

thology. The interior of the
Looming. On chs

jane wher

may do so,

though the shrine is

fou doesnot lose her sense

le, which is

particularly small, is easy to overlook
Serenity

ne denotes, Serenity isaplaccofplaceof

peace. These qualities make Se
ation fora Garou that hash

to bum out from the constant warring that dorni

her life. W

none could d

es
no one is sure who crafted this shrine,
ny its calming influence. Serenity ap
Pears as a picture perfect shoreline along the bluest of
‘oceans. High cliffs overlook majestic waves, and the
smell of sea spray perfumes the air. Even the most
ardent warrior will relax a the shrine works its
Garou fromall enbeshavet tyinor
to pay homa se. While
Serenity has been attacked in the past, the land seems
tohcalitselfover time, orpethapsits unknown creators
‘quietly recum to repair any damage done.

Daly Devotions
‘So many cultures and customs existe within the
"Garou Nation, ic would be impossible to say with any
‘keuracy, "The Gaian religion is practiced this way."
"There is no wrong way for « werewolf to worship his
s s0 long as he offers the proper reverence and
1. Some Garou follow a very rigorousereed, whi
rs are more casual with respect to the amo
"ime they actually spend payin hom

CE SS ares

spite the varlery ofartitudes conceming religioushabits,
some common ground exists between all Garou
Since spirituality isso innate co Garou culture (and
even their nature), many gatherings of the werewolves

involve some sort of expression of sanctity. The most

pointed example of werewolves expressing reverence is
during moots. While moots are primarily social func
tions, designed to foster the communal feeling that i

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 37

EE

yD AT FOE PY PTT At SY CU LISTED TUG Y

So LS Aimer armsvwaecem amr

werewolf society, they also serve as a
servance. During

ment, marriage, renewal, birth an:
ud other spirits that ar
important to these in attendance
come an integral part of
est thing that the werew

ranks and praise to Gaia on, remembrance, andcontemph
on. While the solstices are the
days,ah idaysfill the
morative days are
certain tribes. During major celebrat the

asions also mark the rare

sermon. One such act of pi

a

from their ra
times that Kin
+ their reveling cousins.)

in every flavor, from celebrat
he G
theorize that without the performs

re welcomed ata caer (usually as guards

show up only for the
and perhaps one

Se how
Although the dreds, althou;
etotribe,there two majorh
imilarities to give werewolves of «throughout the y

After all, it's hard to find time to
n you're trying to save the world.

my avenues exist to adequately cover the
nofrel

with cach other can find a sense of brotherhoox
Anothe

that Garou give praise to Gaia is
lebrations that are held at var

introduc

storyline. Thekey istovuse

the lunar calendar, The slices ofthe sea ine SHUT ade may flare,anddepth
served byall of the ties. While the purticularsofthe Story rather than maki eee
Oe yard de Liter their SMe offasclichéand cheesy: ytellers respon

sibility to undi

and, and help her players understand
the beliefs that drivea particular character. Also in

st to find their way toa caem

wship during

mnmer -opular time for


ANTE PY

Av Yen Thorny Subject

Religion is a highly personal topic. If your
players are nor comfortahle with how your handle
religion in your game, drop it. While introducing
religion into a game can add richness to particu-
larcharacter (and maybe even uncoversome truths
about yourcelf) it's not worth messing with if one
of yourplayerssces your "thought-provoking" cast
member as blasphemous towards his ot het per-
sonal beliefs. Bottom line: Be sensitive to other
people's faiths. They'll thank y

fanttonote are the reasons behind character'sbelick
Was the character raised i solar environment
thatencouraged or discouraged spirituality? How doesa
© character's culture dictate his beliefs! How does a char-
‘ter mesh her old beliefs with a new reality? I a player
aad Storyteller hammer out all of the d
characters spirituality, her strengths and hier hau
‘atnuly epic personal tale can be woven into the fabric of
the main ploc. Using Spirituality in a game ean add
insight and wisdom that might otherwise be lacking.
Generally speaking, a character's preluxle, or her hack-
ground, is going to dictate how she reacts to a sudden
intimate aviareness of a greater power.

How does a newly changed werewolf react to the
tevelation of the existence of Gaia and a previously
‘unseen spiritual world? Typically a young shapeshifter
‘eacts with awe, and perhaps even some initial dishe-
ici Hopefully the character in question will seek out
mentor to help him sort out his thoughts and em
tions, ahough an intriguing story might involve a
character or two trying to come to terms with the
newfound knoviledge on their own. However a Story-
teller chooses to introduce the topic of religion and
faith into her game, the main rule is to make sure that
har players are aware of, and more importantly, com
forable with what the Storyteller has in mind.

Holy Nar

‘The signe are clear for even the youngest pups in
the Garou Nation, the final daysare nigh. Battles and
‘skirmishes between the Garou and the enemiesof Gaia
ave become more frequent, fiercer, and more deanlly
Never can there be a creaty, or conciliation. The only
‘option the Garou Nation has in order to survive isthe
oral annihilation of their foes. Because the whole of
werewolf society has made such a huge, unrelenting

question, why?

Mistionary Work
Ifawerewolfhasgrown
the sudden knowledge af a cre:

articular faith,
her than the
cone(s) she has worshipped in the past can
quite 4 conundrum as the faithfu

to
make sense of what place her beliefs
hould play in her newfound life. Wise Garou
throughout the nation are quick t

help anew pup
define her beliefs before she succumbs to feelings
of depression o anxiety over any perceived be
trayal of trust on the part of these who taught her
original faith to her. Minister James Mesecher,
Fianna Galliard, explains how he views his faith
following his change

"Gaia is the sum of all life here. While this may
seem to be at ods with the dogma of Christianity, it
merely provides us witha supreme Mother in adlition
to oe already supreme Father. So, the goal is to make
sure that we separate their domains so that we might
sive praise to both in a way that is reverential and true
o what our Heavenly creators require. One's proper
attitude towards God and Gaia should be humble and.
pious. We should celebrate their goodness and mercy
every day as they touch ow lives, My personal belie is
that the word of
claimed to follow his will. For instanc
existence is considered a sin on Earth, This carmot be
ame, for if it were, we would not be here. God created
the Universe, and in his grand viston he provided us
swith our Earth Mother. J beliew that we, as Garou.
are special. We are soldiers of righteousness and
goodness. We represent the light amongst the darkness
of evil. We are crusaders against the forces of Satan
and protectors of God' iren here. Gata
provides us with our wnique talents to fulfill God's will
‘Our purpose for beingis to experience and act upon the
stmugele of good versus evil. Gaia is God's sift to us,
and we are insiruments of thetr will.

Other werewolvesdono
transi

jod has been twisted through the ages

in the
become birt
regards to thei
thei
that Gaia exists As with any topic relating co

aith, Othe
former heliefsafter experiencingthe epiphany

werewolves will drop

personal morality, there is no set outcome for a
newly changed Garou

than a battle versus genocide. It'sa conflict of pre

While some in the Nation would claim that the ingthe
Last Great War is only reflective of the out of control
rit, others fee! that the Warof Apocalypse isn less

iz fs, religion, and lifestyle of the werewolves:
and their Kin. Those opposing the Garou directly
threaten everything that the werewolves hold dear

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 39

RE TE TF em RHE

|

ee AA

Fear of loss drives the Garou, perhaps even more so
than any potential reward possibly could. Every day a
werewolf can hear G.
distantas the st

's cries become a little more
of calcification and corrup-
tion erode Her energy. Werewolves are the ultimate
holy warriors, fanatical in their pursuit of ferreting ou
any potential threat to their Goskless, Even those tha
are not outwanlly religious would give their lives in
"onder co preserve Gaia and the Garou belief system,
Thisisa very ricky theme to handle, but itean't be
avoided completely. Shapeshifters do what they must
because they believe that creatures other than humanity
deserve to prosper — because they believe that it's
necessary to kill certain individuals in order to make
better world. The question is: How much do you want
the Garou's war to reflect the holy warsof the real workl?
Holy warsnever have pretty outcomes. They ate brutal,
come, and unforgiving. If you focus on thi
shapeshufter religion, your game will be considerably
darker. While most Garou would not acknowledge that
inthe whole they can be as undethanded as thet allen
brothers, there is no taetic too low, no strategy too
when it comes to defeating their enemies. Gaia
ust survive, no matter the cost, even if it's at the
expenseof the very souls of Herservitors. However, bear
in mind that it's entirely possible: that someone you
know lost someone close to thein as 2 result of the
religious conflicts that plague our own world, Be sure to
handle this approach with eaurion.

Finally, though, remember that one of the most
appealing aspects about Werewolf to some players is
that itis the good fight. Many players enjoy the drama
of doing things they'd never do in real life (such as
tearing out a poacher's throat), but having some con-
fidence that ultimately, they're on the "right side."
While this a little too black-and-white for
the World of Darkness, it's not an approach to be
automatically scomed. The uly thousands of
shades of gray in Werewolf — intertribal politickin;
the ethical and moral dilemmas most werewolves are
faced with, the constant necessity of sacrifice. If
players really want to be tthe end of i
Gaia indeed worth saving and that their enemies are
worth fighting, don't dismiss the thought out of hand.
Werewolf is about horror, but also about heroism it
a poor chronicle thar doesn't address both.

Soheigoe
The Garou Nation hasalwaysbeen hierarchy-<riven.
honor, respect, and unquestioning loyalty are continually

impressed upon a young pup until those beliefsae finaly
cined in her behavior and belie system. The pack

40

a

‘mentality isstressed for obvious reasons; without a pack,
a werewolf is little more than a sitting duck for the
enemies of Gain, However, in a society that lives and
breathes stars, there are sure to be individuals who ewist
the letter of the law to their advantage

By their very nature, werewolves cssive
creatures. This is not only evident in their fierce
combat abilities, but in the way that they handle

themselvesin social situations, Werewolves are pred-
tory. Asa result, their narural cunning in the wild
carries over to their dealings within their tribes, septs,
and packs. Signs of weakness in a particular Garoucan
be met with disdain, mockery, and outright humilia-
nce a strong reputation is such a highly valued
commodity amongst the werewolves, some go to gre
Tengths wo insure that
ia. Whether theira
aved or not, the
prestige is all that mattets tos
Don't mike the mistake of thinking that such

aservitor of
ness are de

fuge within. the Garou Nation understancl that one
misstep could Janda devastatinghlow tocheirhonor. As
a result, they skilfully manipulate eheir way to the top.
Why Ca Wo Al Cot Along?

"Have a care when selecting your most trusted adei
sors. Dan' fall victim t0 she sweet words ofa sycophant
These parasites will fill youer mind with delusions of gran
deur only to mock sour subsequent quivering demise atthe
hands of your own imagined self-importance."

— Senxy Dit Sen.
Balaksa Vasil'ev Kriukova, Silver

"There was once a time when all of the tribes were
one. They acted with one mind, heart and spit
act was possible for the children of Gaia as they
committed themselves to the task of sheltering theit
Goddess from any threat, be it perceived or real.

Those days are long gon

With the formacion of the tribes came differing
ccustoms, traditions, laws, and political structures. As
time would roll forward, the tribes became more i
gent from each other until their differences often ou
weighed their similarities. This created friction as each
tribe sought to carve out a niche for themselves. Asa
result, werewolves that had once shared the same lands
loyalty to one's bloodline bec
and tensions arose. While the reor
rou society never led to-an out
within the Nation, the threats of violence
armtactiesthat came from those in pos
formed the geographical boundaries between the tribes
tha for the most part have remained the same

he civil war
nd strong:

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

TT;


With the migrations ofthe individual tribes came
new ideas about the way werewolf society should be.
ilofthe tribes wouk! place courage, strength of

nd wisdom in their collective
waticapproach to most challengesand
disagreements between the tribes would be met with

some degree of ruthlessness and cunning. Over time,
the bickering of the tek

werewolves found themselves distracted by a collec-

as a whole lessened as the

y. Nonetheless, some of the old prejudices
tied forward to the present day

Cultural, racial, and breed bias can create an
atmosphere of antagonism that hampers the overall
effectiveness of the an army for Gaia. Why
don's the werewolves put aside their squabbles and
focus on clemolishing the forces of the W;
somesay that pride isthe poison killing the
answer is really far more €

Because the werewolves are so status consciousand
Prestige is given so much importance in their way of life,
none of che tribes wishes to weaken their own position
by giving control to another. It's a case of too many
cooks in the kitchen. While there are many great leaders
amongst the werewolves, their philosophies, tactics,
and ideologies can vary to the point of contradiction.

While on occasion, the werewolves can put aside
their preconceived notions and work well with those
not of their tribe, more often than nor the door of
opportunity is slammed shut from both sides. Some-
times such actions aren't intentional. Afterall, every
‘one knows that Bone Gnawers don't work with Silver
Fangs,and who would dream ofthe Gerpairingup with
the Children of Gaia While such stereoeypes might
seem ridiculous, and extremely counter productiv.

do occur every now and then.

However, stereotypes aren't the main cause for the
tribes working separately from one another. Rather, indi-
Viduals of igh rank and esteem refuse to bow before, or
work beneath leaders from another tribe. To doso would
het show weakness, and of course, weak Garou have
right to lead. These whoplay such games underscan how
petty their reasons for not pursuing alliances with other
tribes would sound totheirown followers. Asaresult, they
elaborately dance around the rel issues, weav
nny of half-truths to secure their own place of de
wit! 1c Su well these faluicuions displayed,
thae even those who construct them sometimes forget
what is real, and what is fantasy

The Sept

If a werewolf can ever truly have a place to call
home, it would be within her sept. Septs serve many
purposes in Garou society: the most apparent is the

atheie

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

>.

ee

Political Structure
Ina militant society such as the Garou Na-
tion, one could assune «hia decision making & a
straightforward, efficient process. Nothing could
be further from the truth.
Whilethere isa very clear-cut chain of
many vanablesexist that ces
tumintoanabsolureheadac
arn. Since elders hold of decision:
making power over their followers ts critical that an
eldernotoverstepherbounds too seriously lestshe end
upwithamutiny on hethands, Whar thoselinesin the
sand are going to be will vary depending on the
Jes, customs, and dispositions of those she lends.
A great alpha balances what is best for the group
against the individual concerns and needs of het
people. When those two elements are in conflict with
‘each other, an alpha had better be prepared toexplain
her actions concisely and without hesitation. Any
confusion or contradiction in
decrees
Only aG Ji Neadec wkd dig inher Wsetsai
proclaim that things will be her way or the highway
oon every issue, but it's inevitable that an alph
decisions will be met with criticism at some point
Theindividual tharprotestsa decision may work
her way up the chain of command in an attempt to
receive satisfaction. In a pack, she would directly
question heralpha. Inaseptenvironment, she would
appreacheralphatirs. fshe werenotabletoger the
desired outcome, she might next approach another
well-respected elder within the sept If stll she were
not able to get the answer she seeks, she would jo to
member from the Council of Elders. Ifthe Council
member were not able to settle the situation, she
swouldgo directly othe leader who stirred her anger.
This is generally when challenges arise
While logically, the resolution 10 a challenge
shouldsolve: c,sometimiestherearesore losers,
particulary if reputations were tarnished during the
courcofevents Sincethereisnoappealsprocessatter
achallenge has been completed, it's critica for those
in command to make sure that backstabbing and
unxlerininingdoes not occur. Some werewolvestakea
very hard-line approach on post-challenge behavior,
while others use a softer touch. If a sept has no
‘established post challenge process to deal with those
who have lost a contest of wills trouble is sure to
follow. Inasocicty that placessomuch importanceon
maintaining face, the gameringof prestigeand honor
can ourweigh the important issues of the day,

con

‘sactions and

al

a Sa a EY SS TE LTEAPY


|

sept can be rather
Polit

encompassing several packs.
ly. septsare very diverse fromone another, even
if they happen to be located in the same geographical
region. The bureaucracy ofeach septhas its owndistinct
flavor, and a young pack thar has grown accuscomed to
the rules of thei sept might find themselves with a case
of culture shock upon visiting a neighboring sept
Despite the rences, the hierarchy of
septs follows the basie rules of dominance. Those that
samed the most prestige are re

rided as leaders,
alty is expected. While such a system may seem
clear, some werewolves despise the trappings of

hat their leaders cloak themselves in. While
alpha may be challenged, those who desire to move
p the rungs of leadership may not have the abilities
tequited to defeat their elders. A werewolf that has
become bitter and cynical may discreetly undermine
her alpha amongst her septma

« Innocent-sounding
nts that make others question the morale,
status, and general operation of the sept can start a
snowball effect that may be devastating to an alpha's
reputation. While such rumormongering can gener
ly be brought toa screeching halt by an astute alpha,
ally the insidious whisperings can tum intoa
full-blown situation. An alpha can find herself serut

nized by her sept, every word and action dissec
het suspicious vassals try to find fault or we

While such acts may seem childish, on the eve of
Apocalypse, it's easy for sept leaders to fall into a storm
of harsh criticism. Every Garou either has lost, or knows
someone who a close friend, family member, or
cloud reason.
nger,andthe
of power.

packmate. Anger and
Naturally, thewerewol
easiest scapeyonts are those in posit

ief can es
look to poin

Septleaders decide more than the military actions
of their lessers. Everything from promot
arranged marriage
cil of Elders. ¥
though those in com

status to
re decided u

on by asept's Coun:
Garou may begin to feel as
are little more than puppet
ers who strangle with their strings of control.
Modem day alphas find themselves playing politics
wre often than they'd like. While the Garou Nation
certainly hasn't turned soft, present day attitudes con-
cerning inslividuali

freedom of expression, and an-
ticstablishment force werewolves
just their gow styles. After a
followers is as worthless as a car without wheels.

The easiest way for an alpha to maintain an even,
keel in their sept is to be well liked and respected.
While thismay seeman casy solution tothe headlatles
of running a well-oiled sept, ics far more challenging
than most would-be leaders believe. Ifa werewolf istoo
straightforward and by the book, they're seen as petty

command to ad-
aniler with no.

4.

: —

ne ee

dictators; oo friendly, and they're pandering. Getting
co a place of high esteem is a tricky dance, and
remaining there can be daunting

ot alll cher

It's impoerant to note,
for the top commander in a sept; in fact, most do not.
Mere often than not,a werewolf wll choose todiseredit
someone of similar rank and position, slowly climbing
her way tothe top. By climinoting potential rivals early,
some werewolves hope to secure their plice
Carefully laid plansof an ambitious werewolf might take
years to fully come to fruition. Forthe Storyteller, thisis

ers go straight

a perfect device to feed bits and pieces of political
struggle into acampaign. Long term plots ofa particul
Garoucan touch the charactersat the most unexpected
‘moments. While an event ortwomay scem out of place,
perceptive characters may be able to connect the dots
after a period of time. Of course, when the
for any € expose another werewolfs di
bchavior, she better have mote than theory to back up
her statements, lest her own reputation become marred
for making ‘unfounded accuss

The Pack

"The strength of the pack ts the wolf. The strength of
the wolf is the pack."

A werewolf's pack is probably the most important
facet of her social life. Few things hold more impor-
tance or require more devotion than a werewolfs
relationships with her packmates. Without a pack, a
werewolf is little more than a target for the enemies of
the Garou nation. From a logistical point of view. it
‘would be foolish at hest for a werewolf to go through
life without a pack. Packs provide protection and
security. More importantly, the pack plays a crucial
role inawerewol?s emotional andspiritual well-being.
The pack surrounds a Garou with camaraderie, a sense
‘of purpose, and a spirit of belonging. As a result, most
wcrewolves are extraordinarily loyal to theit pack, to
the point of fanaticism. Stories circulate throughout
the Garou nation of pack versus pack rivalties that ire
similar to folk tales of the Hatfield and MeC:
When two packs tangle on ideology, territory, or any
rnumberofissues, the grudge canbe carried on for years.

Most disagreements stem from different packs
taying to decide if they are getting the respect, the
recognition, and the space chat they deserve from
neighboring packs. While those kinds of attitudes
dhtscem juvenile, acknowledgement o
prestige is serious business for most werewolves. In
culture built on the concept of
cpu
mount if that pack wishes
players in the

cess and

be known
War of the Apocalypse

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

A TY,


Packsaresometimesthe only family thata werewolf
bas. Assuch, relationships between packmates tend to
‘@olve into something mote chan friendship. Many
Rerenolves consider their fellows to he more like
Frothers and sisters rather than comrades in arms. Just
‘there is contention in most families, jealousy, frus-
imbition can cause friction within packs.
me cases these feelings
that leads coscheming. While most quarrels are dealt
with before any serious repercussions arise, itis pos:
sible for unchecked conilicts to evolve into inter-pack
rivalries. The end result of an adversarial relationship
within a pack can be dangeror
thefocusis drawn ave

9 caute antagonism

tw the entire group
good of the pack onto
iduals, Wise alphas puta stop to
within their packs. Being a member of a
dysfunctional pack can he more dangerous than not
being « member of a pack at all.

V0 bodbttdral

*Don'e youralmoss despise youself when the only thing
jon think about is your needs, your wants, your desires?
ws has aways been a hfe of servivule, Service 10 on
Mosher, sevice w our Kin, service ou people, When you
ia things aren't going the way yo desine, i's because You
stared thinking about what was best for'you, None of our
reat heroes were created that way. Not one. They always
remembered why we are here. 10 give, todefend, to protect
thasewho ca' doic themselves. Live your life tw way, and
promise that you'll creae alegacy that none will forget."

—William Cray, Fianna historian

While most Garou have heard similar sentiments
fiomother werewolves, sometimes the allure of stature
‘orpenonal gratification is too much to resist. Personal
intrigue in Werewolf can vary widely depending on
the goals and ambitions of a particular chi
Sometimes greed or lust can be the motive behind
werewolf' bel
‘entcoleada modes life and want all of the riches that
tmadem livingcan provide them. Others crave notor
fj, power, and control. Pride, vengeance, orany other
Iype of emotion drives werewolves. The key element
increaring an effective story of personal intrigue is in
anderstanding the motives behind a character's ac
tionsand knowing that despite the risks, the character
i willing to move forwanl to accomplish her goal,
‘consequences be damned. It is very plausible for a
character to start out with good intentions and later
find hecself on the slippery road of deceit

Once a character has reached the point of no
Tetum, it becomes imperative for her to reach her
destination so that she can justify her actions later
Garou ate masters of rationalization. In the final days,
the end always seems to justify

avior. Some werewolves are not con:

I ee,

The Foed Chain

Whardoes.an aspiring Garouhave to look forward
to? Ifa werewolf is looking to claw his way to the top
(figuaatively or liverally), white steps must he take

The first step along the way is surely that off
alpha, Within the pack the hierarchy is pretty ¢
dried. The alpha is the top leader, and the rest of d
pack is expected to defer to his judgment, particularly
if imminent peril exists, While the alpha may be
challenged, and certain situations requite flexibility in
who is chosen to lead, an alpha that is seen as fair and
juscby hispack can expect tokeephis position forsome
time. As the leader of a progressive and effective pack,

Ipha receives commendations from hissept as well
as having some limited name recognition with other
local packs. Occasionally an alpha selects a trusted
advisor t help him make difficult decisions. The beta
acts as a seneschal, and if the situation warrants, she
can speakon behalfof the alpha. This position ean also
bringemorional rewards and prestige, and some Gaon
actually prefer the role of beta to alpha — less respon:
sibility, bue if you ean manipulate your alph,
0 loss of power.

From there, the next logical step is that of a sept
office. Most of these offices are filled according to merit
—aTalesinger should optimally be the best Galliard in
the tribe, while the Master of the Kite should have the
most mystic knowledge — but that's where intrigue
ccomesin. Afterall, there are more ways than one towin
office. Of the various offices, the most influential and
coveted are Warder, Masteraf the Rite of Master the
allenge. Each oneallows a clever Garou to reward his,
allies and discredit his rivals as need be

Asamemberoftheupperechelonsof sep
a gross mistake of honor, or death occurs, a Garou can
expect to move onto the Council of Elders at some
point. To be on the Couneil is not only the culmina
tion of a successful career, but also a place of high
honor due to distinguished service. As a member of
Council, a werewoll is fairly well know
Very few would openly question his judgin
fewer still would bring a challeng:
top spot is reserved for those with the
tenacity, and wit to win the title

The Grand Elder ofa sept isknown not only ni
ally, but also throughout the Garou Nation. A.
Elder hasan established reputation. He receives respect
rot only for his accomplishments, but also for his ability
tonegotiate through the sometimes-hazardous waters of
theGaroucastesystem. Oncea werewolf hasattainad this
esteemed rank, there's litle room to go further — but
these who've attained this station via intrigues usually
spend mest of their time trying to

k
nd

there's

hist

Chapter One: The World of the Garou. 43

RS, a Tee EEN


|

ee 7

Intrigue isa nacural elemencof Werewolf games.
Pack members vie for the position of leader, aposition
not always won in battle. The various offices of a sept
hold great prestige, and an added ability to pursue
one's agenda. Tribes duel one another at moots for
importantrightssuchascaerns, territory and the right
tolead. And why isthat?Because,atheart, werewolves
are not that unlike ordinary people. They have the
same wants and desires, hut writ large; a Garou's
emotions run hotter than that of any human. Plots
and intrigues are bound to follow
All toomany Garoucrave rank fora simple reason,
they cithe Iyorunconsctously want tobe
loved, respected and appreciated a thousand times
more than they want prestige itself, The afirmation of
other Garou becomes remarkably: more impoctant
ake into account that werewolves live ina
is hidden from the world ae large, with no
outside recog inks, and! certainly
to monetary compensation at the end of the day. For
imuany Garou, the feeling of acceptance and accom-
plishment is addictive ina life filled with negative
Forsome Garou, though, the weight of responsi
bilitycantead them todo things thac would otherwise
beunthinkable. Few werewolves look forward totheir
dying day; even the Get of Fenris ca
well than dying soon. The werewolf who sacri
fices his own life for the good of the pack does so
because his conscience or sense of duty will allow no

society th:

less, Likewise, some Garou are willing to sacrifice
theirpersonal honor by doingdirty work that nobody
else is willing (orable) toaccomplish, all for the good
‘of the Nation. The Shadow Lords are a good example
— popularly held to be the tribe most likely todabble
in skullduggery anyway, they have little preventing
them fromusingundechanded tactiestoachieve their
oals, Even if the goals are noble.

Conversely, some werewolves might delve into
{intrigue to preserve the fagade of their honor; this is

The Peycholegy of Garey Intrigue

particularly important when you consider the em
phasis many tribes pur on ancestral ties. A Silver

who falls into dishonor is not the only one
affected by his shame; his entire bloodline, his
his House, even his tribe
some (

bringing such astainon the
Nor all

values of Garou society, of course.

igues are as clasely related to the
A desire for
v nce can send a werewolf down the path of
double-dealing and plotting just surely as desire
for added prestige might. And we'd be complete!
ator. Thete's

already a terrible pressure in Garou society not to
mate with other Garou — two werewolves in love
with one another must resort to secret asignations
merely co be together. The plot is further compli
cated if one werewolf is in love with another, and
means co win the heart of his intended, all while
Keepinghispassion secret, But who saidall romantic
intrigues have ro be between werewolves? Kin aren't
as physically or spiritually powerful, but they hav
1o less ability to manipulate the emotions of those
who have fallen for them. In some cases, that's all
the power a given Kintolk has — little wonder
they'd be inclined to use it
And, ofcourse, the motive of powerlustcan'tbe
ignored. Although theoretically all Garou are ex-
pected to set aside their personal ambitions for the
good of tribe, sepr and Nation, in practice it doesn't
always work out that way. Garou hold power that
mest people in country don't — immedi:
ate power over life and death, the ability to kill
almost without fear of punishment. After al, if you
‘want to kill a human that few would miss, who's to
stop you! Com +h the spiritual and political
might available co an aspiring elder, it's little won:
dler that this pow ow add

remiss not fe mention lov

Mowers and Stakert
Wherever there are leaders of importance, there's
speculation abour what those leaders do behind closed

doors. In the war against genocide of the Garo
heroes hi

.
ated overnight as tales of their
ritory after territory. Other
ss of note inherit their reputationshecause of
their lineage. While many great leaders exist
the ranks of the Garou, only an elite few who could
rightfully be called legends in their own time. These

re been €

+

7 ———

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

werewolves hold a vast amount of responsibility for
and decision-making power aver theis tespective tibes.

Each tribe has at least one larger-than-life, living
hero, These elders, and their direct followers
be on the front lines. Their combat tactics are scrutt-
nized by up and coming alphas, tales of their victories
spread through the nation like wildfire, and their
defeats are mourned,

ie

Rumors circulate through the Garou Nation of
diseroet meetings between the top alphas that deter-
mine the actions of the werewolves as a whole. While
many Gann dismiss aich ralle ag nonsense, a fewhawe
begun to wonder how much truth there might be
behind the tales. The political stance of certain alphas
is posectet. And while messages of werewolves work
ing together in hormony despite tribal differences
might make fora great speech in front ofa large moor,
the reality of werewolf leadership structure makes
implementation of such philosophies tricky at best.

Although the likelihood of every elder of note
sitting down around a campfire and agreeing on strat
c the overall effectiveness of the
itcerta
few leaders to maintain cont:
Whether quiet pacts or tr ly formed
Between the key leaders chat would, in tum, affect
many members of their respective tribes is purely
speculation. Such "meddling" would likely manifest
fvelfas an increase in arranged marriages, subtle shifts
in territories, and more rolerance between certain
groups. While some Garou would see thase kinds of
activities asa step in the right direction, most would
view change with suspicion. Any act. that could con-
ceivably weaken a tribe's position, thus threatening
their collective reputation, ix to be avoided:

Storytellers wishing to dabble in inttigue of this
ort are well advised to:femember that unless thi
players have some way of getting involved, or som:
ability walter che puts of these agreements in some
‘way, there'sno point tobuildinga story around it. Your
players' characters are the stars of the show, and they
have better things to do than find out
meetings between elders 1
influence in any way.
Abn the Fal

Politics and bureaucracy extend beyond the
‘werewolf tribes, septs and packs into their Kin. Many
Kinfolk organizations and fellowships dot the globe
Thephilosophical and political agendasof such groups
ateasdiverse asthose of their Garou cousins. Werewolf
Social laws are difficult enough to navigate, but when
the Kin are thrown into the mix, situations can get
down right hairy.

Alltoo often, an individual Kinfolk's lot in life is

Ut secret
they cannot possibly

adow Lord probably has the motive and
wre his family affairs rather more closely

thanaSilent Strider of equal rank, and European septs

tend to be more scree in sucl affairs than Ameri

4eprs do, But lineage, age, and aptitucles

determine whom Kin will marry, where they will live,

I

the type of career they will pursue and so forth. While
He (or, sadly, browbeaten) enough
to accept this lot in life,

thers look to build their own,
re

reputation. If
n unbiased look at
s are, she would
as her Kin and how they act. As
Kinfolk act based on what they have
d, and leamed throughout theirlives. While

how effective their own tribal sy
need only look
with all people,

petuated a number of had social habits. Kin frequently
nittor their eerything from biases
to political views.

Kinfolk also serve as the backbone for we
social structure. They are not only companions but
alo caretakers, guardians, and of course, that all too
important connection to the mundane world,
Werewolves largely dictate the actions of their Kin.
While Kin are sill children of Gaia, they are viewed as
subordinates in the eyes of their werewolf relat
The opportunities for stories of intrigue involving Kin
ae endless. A Storyteller could create a I
involving a numberof Kin that are erying ro ac
goal that might not necessarily jive with the we
party line, ora story might be more personal, relating
toasinele family. In any caste society, there will be
individuals who go with the flow because, "That's the
way it's always been." On the flip side, there
who will use the system to their own advantage

Creating lofrigue
‘There isenough politicalstrife, family secrets, and
hidden motives inside of the Garou Nation to create
e of subterfuge without ever having to use any
influences outside of werewolf society. The key (0 a
successful plotline involving innuendo, hidden truths
and shocking revelations is in involving a player's
character personally with the scandalous goings on.
(Charactersmight accidentally stumble into asituation
where they quickly find the overtheir eas
on of information when reporting to

A simp!
an elder could start a snowball effect of white lies that
a serious loss of respect for a

those

if uncovered could me
young Garou. Not all scheming may be premeditated.
particular werewolf might hide the truth in an effort
to avoid punishment. Another Garou may acce
responsibility for an action that she didn't perform in
onder to help a respected elder save face

Whatever plot device a Storyteller chooses w
implement, she should understand inside and out the
motives, feelings, and intentions of those who are
perpetuating the cover up. A werewolf very well may
have honorable goals, but perhaps her methods of
bringing these gnals ta fmition are questionable

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 45

CES EST EY TEN

|


|

ne AZ

ing are some que
may wish to ask herself when creat

jons a Storyteller
1gaplor chock full

of intrigue
‘¢ What am [ooking to accomplish with this story
Whar is the underly
trying to convey, if any? Is there a particu!

trying to create! Are you simply t7
ances, rather than simple military «
involving subterfuge need not be serious, in facta pack
trying to accomplish a particular objective by indirect
means can have elements of comedy, particularly if
that pack is accustomed to acting in a more forth
manner. On the other hand, you might want to en
an atmosphere of paranoia. Is a particular individual
actually an ally tothe pack, of

to get

convenient steppin,

‘+ How are the characters involved?
Is the

cetheystepped in

fo

f the characters' own

ivertently? How
deeply involved is the pack? Are they the center of a
particular plot, or

psometh

wore on the periphery? How large is
the scale of the schemin,

? Docs it encompass a pack,
4 sept, oF even go straight to the top alphas of a
particular cribe? How do the pack fit into the big
picture of the plot? Can the characters change the
course of events significantly? If noc, why nor, and
what do you expect them to do?

*© Who plays a minor role in the plot?

Areotherpacksassociated with thecoureafevents?
have any kinfolk been touched by the dubious goings-
‘on? How many lives will be touched by a particular

conspiracy! Is it wise for the characters to try to glean,
information from a specific group ot individual? Who
might be watehi the characters from afar?

* What are the consequences?

Can the characters bring the truth to light? Ifso,
what kinds of enemies will they make? What is the
their reputations? What are the intent
1 conspirator; honorable, selfish, or something els
What would happen if the truth were never discov
ered! How serious are the consequences of hiding the
hority
were to uncover the truth! How serious ts the trans

facts? Who might lose prestige if those inv a

gression occurring
© What's in it for the characters?
Is it ina character's hest interest
tw hide the truth, or to expose it? Will there be

gain or loss foe the characte

involved? How high are

thestakes ifthe charactersfail in theircourseofaction?,
Youncedn'tanswe

ofthese questionsin orderto
nulate every plot; some intrigues arent as remark

46

———_

ble as others, and can be dealt with in the space of a
night. Whae's more, after afew plots ofthistort, youmay
feel pour players ere che ovies ebecnciinaseich: Gard
Tndvlgninn, srplegg tplayithoa ghine vf palisica  achiae
their own goals, whether noble or selfish. Don't panic
when that happens — take delight in their enthusiasm,
They've taken their first steps into.a larger world.
hing the Lifany

The Litany serves a fairly basic role in most
Werewolf games; it's the code of rules for Garou to
follow. Most packs (ollaw the Litany moat of the time,
and gain Renown for doing so under difficult circum:
stances, end they also break the Litany now and igaln,
infie teomn nccecsty cas a ahiow UF independ

However, after a while it becomes obvious that
‘some groups don't hold all the tenets of the Litany in
Boual reganl. They may' live rieoously by the law of
"Combat the Wyrm Wherever it Dwells and When-
Taide ic Voces" go thar tends wo provide plenty of
action, bur disdain "Garou Shall Not Mate With
Garou" as a silly law that's not worth obeying. Some
players even divide the tenets between "real laws" and
"laws thar are meant to be broken."

‘Obviously, thar wasn't the intent of the Garou
fier prcaliidtaPetictidcany so long ago. All the laws
do have a purpose, and were enacted for good reason,
Similarly, any Ragabash worth his auspice should be
able tochallen, chound obedie ro any t
what the Questionerof the Ways,
is meant all. The idea is that most Garou
will obey the Litany if at all possible, and have very
shod feasons if tte

forced to do otherwise.

teller a little
matters of law. The two perspectives on the Litany
listed are those that will probably be most useful ina
chronicle. The first is the perspective of the Philodox
who sees the reasons behind the laws, and champions
the tenets as good and worthy overall (if sometimes
abused). The second is that of the Ragabash who, like
any good Questioner of the Ways, looks at things a
different way, challenging Garou to analyze their own
assumptions and actually think ahout their decisions

Garou Stall Not Mate with Garou

The Philodox: This law was not ereated to make
frustrated adolescents miserable. This law was not
created to give our people license to torment theit
etis, This law exists to protect our relations with our
Kinfolk. Gaia deliberarely made us reliant on bumans
and wolves 10 pass on our heritage. However, if we
were permitted to take other Garou as our mates, then

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Aor RE ERY,


and discarded whe
nt allowe
sellace in th
love them,

anyway. The Ape

ir number of useful soldiers

ecun have nine time
Tell me that's not appeatin

Combat He Wyrm Wherever 4 Daf
aod Whenever tf Preeap

with claws. You
because you prefer to fight the
rethedise


Rage kind of trouble. Because as we all know, the Wyrm
bred in the hearts of the Bastet andl it mace them betray
uusby not sharing theirsecretstufe, Weall know the Wyrm
comupts humans, becausetheirkidspull the wines offflies.
Our response to both situations? We rip their heads off.
We "combat" the problem. This is counter-proshactive
Respect the Tarrttory of Another
The Philodox: Some like to say that it is "unnatu-

ral" for people ud human alike —to killone
another over such things as boundaries. These pundits

ow little of the "narural" world. Countless animals
ht, and kill f need be, over territory. Territory isfood,
andwater,aind the chance topassthose things onto your
children. These things are important to all living ere
tures. This rule was not written to justify the slaught
of trespassers — this rule was written with the traveler
in mind, a call for him to respect the boundaries thar are
important co others. When this rule is violated, the
esult sas c that of the conflict between the
uropeans" and the™Pure Ones," orthe extermination
of the Bunyip. When its honored, greater coopera
between septs and packs i the result

‘The Rayabash: This ts one of those tenets that
worked better in years past. We don't have territory
any more. Multi-tnbal septs are one of the great proofs
of this. Wedon't lope around markingour borders with
urine and feces. | mean, come on.

Lot me spin you a story. Some pack, desperately
seeking to evade powerful pursuers, runs tothe nearest

1m they can think of. They are being hunted. They
cannot how! forevery obvious damn reason. [fthey are
ipid enough to howl, they attract the notice of those
pursuing them, leading them directly into the
That would be a high level threat to which we likely
lose many warriors. Or worse, their pursues listen 10
the how, learn the location of the « wl then go
and get help. That's an unstoppable threat. We lose
the m. So for their prudence, these young ones are
dishonored for disobeying the Litany, o¢ in the worst-
case scenario, turned away at the hawn for theie disre
spect and then m d

Aeccapt av Fonerable Surrender

‘The Philodox: If you refuse to accept an honor
ible surrender, you have just killed an honorable
person, and proven yourself dishonorable in the pro
cess. Gaia needs honorable people. It isa stain on the
ie that such a law is even necessary. My
only clarification is that a wise Garou must he able to
tell the difference between an honorable sumender
and a dishonorable one; surrendering to the Wyrm is
and mercy issomerimesa mistake, given

Garou

honorof or

unacceptable

ames we so often face.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

‘The Ragabash: There are a lot of positives to this,
tenet, I'll grant you. I'm all for anything that that is in
place to protect Garou's lives from useless deaths, and
thistenet does that. Butirdoesn'rsinfaromough Right
now, it encourages polities and responses that weaken
nper the
future?

young warriors they see as "the future
We've fifty damn yeare lefe and probs
that, bypullingthemout offightsin which the
ell deserved to be throated. Nor killed, but s
upside the head a bit for sure.

Why would eradicating the tenet help? Forone, it
would immediately dislocate the word "honor" from
"surrender." Much as we talk and preach about there
being no dishonor in surrender, the talk which flies
about speaks otherwise. Irs humiliating to be beaten,
‘And rather than try and fight this, his tenet immedi-
ately reminds us of that.

Sulimittion to Thate of Higher Sablon

The Philodox: To be sure, this law does stem in
part from our wolf nature. However, for a society of
‘warriors, a chain of command is frankly necessary. A
democratic army cannot fight a war effectively, par-
ticularly if they opposition has a chain of command
they lack. Lines of communication must be i
direct, even in peacetime. | think we all know (orused
to be) some cocky adolescent absolutely convinced
that they knew everything there is to know about the
world until they ly foreed to live in the
world, at which point they started to realize just how
ignorant they were. Although this tenet can be —and
is—abused, there'sa very good reason that werewolves
should show their elders respect

‘The Ragabash: When this tenet is misused, itis
damaging beyond all ele. Itis a carte blanche to tell
those below you whatever the hell you wane them to
do. Worse, it favors those who are adept at ensuring
they get credit for positive actions — they rece
Renown, retain their high rank, and can continue 10
‘onder their subordinates to do their dirty work.

Lam not fora moment advocating disobedience in
battle. That's a fool's game and a good way to get usall
Killed. Ir's not "submission" I'm arguing, it's "higher
station." Whatever good this tenet may do isdestroyed
by our highly subjective system of station,

The Linat Stare of the Sif
for the licatett in Seton

‘The Philodox: Despite thegrumblingofsome cubs,
thisisnot alaw crafted by elders ro enable them tohave
whatever they like. This, like the previous lave, is a
formal recognition of our wolf nature. We are not lions,
where the beast that does the least work on the hunt

ly noe even

Fe ac


Feecives the largest portion. We are wolvesat heart, and
‘urstation iscarned. And, if may be blunt, thislaw will
Aeverencourage a Garou tobe more or less selfish — but
atleast it will only benefit those selfish Garou who have
proved that they are worthy of the benefits they chai

‘The Ragabash: This cenet not only gives the most
powerful weapons, the most impressive tricks and the
most useful gadgets to those who least need them, but
itactsto ensure that those who a
ation." This is where, supposedly, challenges come
into play, but suddenly we have a problem. This isthe
fiest share of the kill. Underline kill. It is not unfair to
argue that the momenta kill is made, we ean be said to
the at war. Cross-reference this to "The Leader May
Not Be Challenged during Wartime.

And right now, all the ferals out there are sex
ng how this all proves we need to just get rid «
monkey politics, and its all their fault. To them I say,
shut up. I've seen wolves pull this excrement, too.

Ue Sbalf Not Eat fhe Diish of Humane

‘The Philodox: Theoretically, thistenetshoukd ack
Mot Wolves", but the fact is that, historically speaking,
there have been far more Garou who eat the tlesh of
‘humans than chose who eat wolf meat, Forone, hurnans
tae simply more plentiful, and it's easier to rational
human "deserving" a fate as food. However, devouring
human flesh is an activity that conveys Wyrm-taint;
therefore, its clearly wrong. Ir ts also a health issue in
Modem times; humans do things to their bodies that
make them frankly unfit. Nonetheless. 3
humans may have treated the planer, they'
lf ourown nanute,so they shoukln't be treated like prey
animals, Enemies — as needed, yes. But never prey

The Ragabash: Yep. No problems. Frankly, the
idea of my sister being a snack for some Red Talon
frightens me and any rule that stops it happening is
good in my books. What, you expect me to fight
‘against all of chem:

Well, | will anyway. Fact is, we're predators. Hu
Aansare, forthe most part, prey animals. They have flat
teeth, designed for grinding plants, and vegetables tax
their digestive systems a lot less than meat does. Even
ually, these things are going to happen for a whole
tburich ofreasons. Plain primal instinct. Re
themonsterswhoslew yourfa suse they th
their fur would look better as

‘There are some real dangers in the hu
hig. Discussions of chemi
fiom aside, a lor of the stuff
an element of rorture in i old "eaten alive"
cliché. I think we've all seen thar man-earers tend to
become very cruel very quickly, and Banes start flock
dng around chem. punishable by law is

nstation" stay*in

a NLT PE RN

asking for trouble. I shudder to say this, but a few less
humans won't burt Gaia and it won't hurt us, If they
end up in some wolf's stomach, so be it. Make
excuses fo get caught up in debates of punishment for
something that's nigh inevitable

Respect These Bevoatt Ye —
AiAbe of lida

The Philodox: Garou should know their place in
the scheme of things. They should know to defer to
them, and they should know to be gener-
ous to those below them. Everything is of Gaia; that's
why you thank a deer's spirit after slaying its body,
why youask permission toenter sacred Glades. To take
this to the extreme, it is a good thing to moum for the
fomori and Black Spiral Dancers you slay, mourning
the death of what they might have become if not for
the Wyrm's taint. This tenet is very important for
Keeping our people focused: We must remember that
iweare warriors, and weare nor allowed to relent in our
battlesayainst the Wyrm, but we must also reali
we have to see the difference between wh
fighting and what we're protecting

The Ragabash: I'd be really inclined to respect
thisrule if Lever saw it followed. It makes some sense
it'swell worded, and itdoesn't get coo much in our way.
‘The only time it would get in our way is if frankly, we
don't have the time for social niceties with, say, some
stuall animal-spirit who wants to properly chat when
we're on the hunt for something dangerous, At that
point, you ignore the rule, obviously

That said, I'd also pointout that theresa practical

problem with this tenet existing alongside Submis
sion to those of Higher Pil call it the "Bone
inawer" problem. It ain't exclusive to ‘em, they just
‘typify it, They argue char they can't follow the Submis

or they'd spend their whole life submitting,
but they don't have to respect anyone cause no one's
lower. Now that's BS, but it highlights the problem in
the rules being there together — they don't directly

tion.

contradict but they still confuse each other. Now forus
smart folk, it' fair enough to play it hy ear, but, hey, if
wwe all know when to give ground and when to hard
line, we wouldn't need the Litany, would we?
Thee Vid Slat Not Be S jfted

The Philodox: If you cannot appreciate the po:
danger of humans (and more the fool you ifthat
s0),then think of the Wyrm. Set aside the possibility
that, if humans knew we existed, they would begin
exterminatingaall the wolves they could find, bulldo:
ing the forests and developing new silver weapons.
Instead, remember that the Wyrm lives where humans

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 49

CEOS. SE OY TUN

|


|

ae A

do. What ahuman discovers, the Wyrm's ereaturescan,
discover. Secrecy is one of our greatest weapons; we
tnust hold on to it for as long as we can.

by
this one. How, exactly do you lift the Veil? We've all
seen what happens when we get in there and start
n their head off, run like
damn hell and forget we ever existed. Those who don't

The Ragabash: I've always heen really pa

going nuts — People se

do so become marginalized and do not pose a threat to
us. Thereare exceptions | completely understand this
When these happen, they need to be dealt with like
any other threat, and preventing them is good.

one actually got
their handsona video of werewolvesdoing their thing,
do you think it'd get played? No. I'd get laughed out
the door. No ane would believe it. Between the op-

Bur come on! If, God forbid, son

tions of avoiding people seeing us and missing our
chance toeradicatean enemy, weshould always choose:
to eradicate the enemy. This goes all the way back to
iny basic premise: we are not in a position to hamstring
‘ourselves with pointless rules,

Whi

lly know
jwcopened
ourdoorsa little? A lor of humans ate really desperate
forsome new spiritual truths, and we've got one hell of
a better product than some New Age neo-pagan. I'm
not advocating a widespread "bley guys! Guessiwhat
you didn't know!" campaign, but couldn'e we, like,
experiment a little?

Lo Nop Suffer Th Chophe
10 Tin Thy Sicha

The Philodox: Why does this tenct exist? Partly
because we a

frond. Few of us want to descend into
y ora hevbricklen state, Bat snore inmportantly, it isa

questic

ie war not wasting reurCeson soMeONe
‘teontribute. Death is noe the end for us. You can.
still erve,ina new role,afreranobleand honorable death.
AnelderwhovsantstohangontolifeasaGarotatallcoss,
no matter the shape he's in, is being selfish.

This rule isat the very least pragmatic and appro
priate for a culture at constant w:
abuses of this tenet are easily
that the wording is not in fact "Do Not Suffer
tw Live." This law asks us not to be a burdes
The burden of obedience falls on the
pquestion, novon the tribe orsept

‘on our
ailing
can filla
"sickness" is

ys werewolf who is of sound mind
role on the Couneil of Elders. If you

something you can bear, then

‘The Ragabs ny of these, the

some very valid reasons for it. The key words

ull
thy people" are a great qualifier, it provides for allow

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ing those whose talents are no longer on the front line

of hattle to keep helping in other ways, Better yet, it
ensures that we're not looking over our shoulder to
make sure our comrades haven'tsuffered aheartattack
or something. When you're in battle, you want 10
know ye

But it's still a cule. e'sstill something just dying t0
be turned. wed, abused, and manipulated for
the gain of the unscrupulous. I mean, ler'snot forget the
gravityof thisrule. We aretalkingaboutkillingourown,

Now, youcan talk about how the ailing wolfgetsto
choose what happens.as much as you like. But you know
something? know a loc of my tribe out the
all know how to puta little pressure on someone, either
spiritually, or, if need be, physically. Ir ain't hard
Meanwhile, alkto.afew Pattem Spidershere and there
and I'll show you how to create situation that will put
1 Garou in a state of "sickness" None of this is hard,
expecially if they're not looking for the move.

Fine, tell me I'm citing the extremes, Tell me
doesn't happen.

The teaper May Be
bpaprtie tka

The Philodox: Lead, follow, or get out of the way
This is a vital renet because it is meant to keep unfit
leaders from hoarding pawer beyond their worthiness
to doso, The nature of Garou existence demands that
theleaders he the most competent ones available, and
thisrule existsso thatthe most qualified Garou can tise
to his proper the right circumstances.

The Ragabash: Hold on a second, I want to talk

about this one and its twin sister at the same time.

Tie Leader May Not Be
Qsabenged during Wartime

‘The Philodox: Thehattlefieklisnoplaceforapower
seruggle. You must be unified in mind and deed when.
you're up against the enemy, because it's a rare day that
they dono outnumber and outgun you. This rule is vital
to ensuring that the aforementioned chain of command
ishealthy and effective when the Garou need it most.

The Ragabash: Right. These two go right next t0
cach other, since they're basically covering the same
territory — If you're at war, you're not allowed to
challenge, if you're not, then be our guest. Front up to
the leader — the guy who, quite posibly, is the
meanest, nastiest brute we have capable of wrecki
mass damage on the Wyrm, and injure him. Or your-
self. (Okay. so it's not that black and white. But people
getting challenged play to their strengths.)

Apart from general complaints ar the way we handle
challenges in the first place, these owo t

can rely on someone.

and they

wets assume


ic comprehension of the definitions of wartime" and
peace" and that'snoc aseasy asi sounds. When are you
"sera random screet ack three of ourKinfoll,
them are we then arwar with those sh ings! OK why
"thoot if fomori attack those same Kintolk? There are
-sholite imits here, obviously. fa caern isinvadedthen

gre pretty much at war. But there are groups out there
"who would argue thar we are now always, twenty four
"Tours a day, seven days.a week, at war. Hell, P'm one of
"themn Do we never challenge, then?

We can't operate that way. I apprectate, once
"you in the field, or ifthe enemy could strike at any
‘time and there isadifference between "always at war
anxl"always vulnerable"), then please, shut the hell up
"and listen to orders. I cannot stress this enough. The
‘Vast thing we need is to fall into squabbling at that
point, Buc if we the plan isbeing laid out and
Hitsucks, then for goodness sakes say so. Challenge,
"plense. Irismuch better to carn some ire before a battle
"by showing up an incompetent strategist chen lose

lives by leaving the poor plan unquestioned.

Ue Stall Takis No Adfion
Tat Causes a Caern to Be Uiosareag"

The Philodox: A portion of Gaia falls ill or dies
"whenever one of Her caems is polluted by the Wyrm,
"sapped devby thirsty sorcerers, or razed entirely Ifeno
"Gaems dic, the world dies with them. This isnot a game!

The wording states "No Action," and I agree with
thatseverity. You are forbidden from bringing outsiders
Ptuich as magi or fae into the cae, because if you have
"madeamistake in judgement, and they return Later with,

youaren't the only one to suffer for your error.
ja Herself sufers for your indiseretion. There is 10
‘ore inviolate rule, and there should not be

The Ragabash: This again leads us to a tacti

cal question.

‘The enemy is huge, capable of destroying any one
Seprwehave. However, they might nocheabletobeat out

fr our combined. Do you stick your ground, get
to bee all tree or four, or do youabundon three of
ally beat the menace that

"Couhi logically keeping going and taking caems?
Wsnoe pleasant. I's an unfortunare choice that we
ave fomake ancl we will have to make very damn soon,
scoming to this. And I have to say; I chink the choice
fwabandon cacrnsisprobably the more efficient choice.
Tes beer for us to abandon our holy ground and
preserve ourlives, and in thusdoing, save other ground

Bur look ar what I've just sald. Yes, I've pratsed

efficiency the whole way through my challenges, or
tied to atany rate, But some times I've noted that yes,
ome ofthe Litany has a lor of good in it, and we'd be

.

ar a mreLer TR PE NN

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

worse fornothaving it. I've even, damn me, called for
more tenets at least once. Yet more fodder for manipu
lative scum to play us with

And chen, I go ahead and say ye
‘enemy kill Gaia a little more. Yes, that makes sense

Lean wrap my head around that, but I ean't wrap
my heart around it. Yes, we can't let our war be lost by
uiying to adhere to pointless rules, and tn ten years ot
even less, I may change my mind about this, but for
now — no. Don't question this te d the
caems. Because ultimately, they're G aia is
what we're all about. It's what we can't let the Litany
get in the way of, but we alo can't lerourdebatingover
wharshould be in the Litany get in the way of it, either

Rak and Revown

Garou society consists of a careful

s let the

observed hierar
chy, a pecking onder in which every member has a place
Garou honor those of greater Rank and receive homage
an respect from those of lesser Rank. Some Storytellers
and players prefer to downplay the soctal aspects oftheir
chronicle in favor of greater emphasis on combating the
Wynnor Weaver or discovering the secretsofthe Urn
Tanoring the complex protocols and privileges of Rank,
however, deprivesall concerned with many oceasionsfor
intense and satisfying roleplaying

Beginning characters start as Rank One — lowly
in service to Gaia and subject to the com:
mands of any werewolf of greater status. Achieving
higher Rank and the rights that pertain co that B
ake many game sessions. Even progressin
Rank One to Rank Two involves accumulating the
proper levelsof Renown, not tomention thesuccessful
‘enactment of the Rite of Accomplishment. Storytell-
ers can whet their players' appetite for exploring the
social side of Garou life by running a chronicle where
the characters begin as veterans of higher Ranks,

Veteran chronicles assume that the characters
have already gone through their First Change and
their Rice of Passage. In addition, veteran Garou
possess Attributes, Abilities and Gifts at greater levels
than characters that start out as pups at Rank One.
How does a Storyteller determine a fair way to create
advanced characters?

The following suggestions may give Story
some ideas. As usual, if you don't like these guidelines,
tweak to your tastes, Just make sure that you take into
account that most elusive of qualities
You wane to allow your pl

war

me halance.
wit as powerful

and experienced warriors, not super-Garou. Remem:
ber, even elders can advance and gain experience, so
make sure that you leave them something to aim for

St
ARON

|


|

me A SSDs

Uiferan Garou Charaater Graton
* Rank Two
Aceributes: 9/6/4 (instead of 7/5/3)

Abilities: 20/13/10 (instead of 13/915)
Gifts: 5 Level One plus 3 Level Two Gifts
Backgrounds: 10 points
Freebie Points: 20
* Higher Ranks
Akl one point to one Attribute category for

each Rank above Rank Two. This means that a

character starting out at Rank Three would have a

choice of adding one point to either her Physical,

Social or Mental categories — not all three. For

example, Beth creates Child of Gaia Ragabash that

starts out as Rank Three. After assigning 9 points to

Social (her primary Attribure category), 6 points to

Mental (her secondary category) andl 4 points to

Physical (her tertiary category), she decides to place

her additional starting point into her Social traits

Ackl two points to each Ability eategory for
each Rank above Rank Two. A Rank Three "be
ginning" character would have 22/15/12 instead
of 20/13/10.

Ack Giftsofany appropriate level (obviously
his Rank) for each Rank above Rank Two.

Add one permanent point of Rage, Gnosis or
Willpower for each Rank above Rank Two,

A quick nore: This system butlds not just vet-
crans, but impressive veterans; this shoukin't be
considered the starting power level for each and
every Garouofhigh Rank. Many werewolvesachieve
high rank without Traits as high as those
here. Don't panicif
supp
with these rules,
tailor all your suppe

find thatcharactersliscedin
ceaker" than those created
J don't feel that you have to
ing cast according to these

ents seem

guidelines. These 1
playerscharactersthatcan leapright intotheaction
iftneed be; after all, if you're pl We

wane them co be impressive from the ge

Sifting to te Blavky

wou characters, the
character sheet marks the beginning of the process for
designing a complex individual. Elder characters have
‘even mote back history than starting characters.

Aswith creating beginning

Storytellers should advise players to spend some
time thinkin,
theirprevi

bout how their eldercharactersachieved

sRanks, what events shaped their person-

alities and what deeds
nown for their curren

wwe them the necessary Re-

Considerasking your playersthe following questions
The information gleaned may also provide you with ideas
forsub-plots within your chronicle. By the time a Garou
has achieved any status at all, she has probably made a
number of friends as well as enemies within her sept, her
tribe and the Garou nation in general

* What was your First Change like? Your Rite of
Passage? How did you fit in to your tribe when you
first discovered you were one of the Garou

These questions pertain to any Garou character,
whether beginning at Rank One or Rank Five. The
answers to these questions set the tone for all future
character development

* How did you achieve your earlier Ranks?
What deeds did you accomplish to gain the Renown
necessary for you to instigate a Rank Challenge?
Who performed the
each Rank and how successful was each instance?

Answering these questions helps a player anchor
her character firmly in her history and carves out a
place for her within her pack, sept amd uibe. Ask for
detail, or offer suggestions — work with your players.
If their Garou received Glory Renown for defeating
Wyrm-spitits in the Umbra, it'll be that much mote
real for the player if she knows what specific sorts of
spiritsher character overcame. Ifshe protected acaetn
don by Black Spiral Dancers, help her
the numbers and personalities involved
Cereainly help your players determine what their pre
vious Rites of Accomplishment were like; all of this
ging rights," and lets

p inv

gives your players added
the heir past deed with the same certainty
they'd use if they actually roleplayed them out

* Who are your friends? Your enemies? Do the
younger Garou in your sept respect you or do they
just pay lip service to you because of your Rank?
Does anyone in your pack or sept covet your
position? Who will stand beside you when you face
censure or criticism? Who will come to your de-
fense? Who will accuse you of wrongdoing at the
slightest provocation?

Fleshing outa character' relations with the mem
bers of his pack and sept provides more than just
background information or stage setting. I hese ques-
tions are a great blessing, as they encourage players to
help you with the work of fleshing out your supporting
cast. The more detail you get into, the more comfort-
able your players will he in roleplaying their relation:
ships with these Storyteller characters

52 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

—

ogy,


+ What have your greatest failures been? Have
"you everlost Renown or even Rank, and if so, why?
‘Whatare your regrets? Have you lost anyone impor-
fant to you as a casualty of your war?

Werewolf is, at heart, a game about horror and
"gsyas much asit isa game about heroism Even
Ferves of the Garou Nation have theit failings and

Haperections; some have even made horrible mistakes

"fefore regaining their honor in the eyes oftheir people
"the players are asked to think about the losses their

ters have suffered, they're more likely to proxluce
"characters with believable hackgrounds andl motiva-
tions. Not only does this bring the darker aspects of the
Setting home, but it also gives players a chance to
provide youwith wonderful plochooks everything from
"guest to redeem themselves in the eyes of those they
Penonally file to old rivalriesand enemies. A charac
fermight even begin the is cub—talk

IN

Making Revown Count

Werewolf: the Apocalypse gives some generil
ul lose Re

nun in
we advanced
starting characters, suggest (strongly) to them that they
come up with specific examples for each Renown cit
gory. Your players need not detail every point gainedor
lost, but they should have a few "Renown tales" to tell
around the fire or at moots, Knowing that Rank Three
Theurge Sevenine Claw-of-Starlight gained Glory (and
a battle scar on her right hand) from defeating a Black
Spiral Thearge-and its pe the gatesof here
av insight into the mindset of the chi
yteller with a potential story seed.
Whathappenswhen the deceased Black Spiral Th
packmares seek revenge?

ious

One ofthe time-old questions about Renow
Werewolf is whether or not a deed has to be wit-
nessed and related roorher werewolves in onde for
Garon to gain of lose Renown. Do two werewolves
instantly lose Honor and Wisdom for having sex,
‘even if nobody bur the two lovers is the wiser? If
Young cub sacrifices himself to save a caer, but
Robey is there vo witness his final deeds and writ
hisdeath-song, will anyone evercredithisspirit with,
the Renown it deserves?

The default assumption is that no Garou Wwit-
essesare necessary fora Renown loss or gain to take
effect. Perhaps the spirit world asa whole counts as
witness to cach of a Garou's deeds; perhaps honor.
able or dishonorable conduct slightly changes a
Ierewolf's appearance to the spirits that empower
the Rite of Accomplishment. Whatever the formal
rational Renown isalways matched
ayith his deeds — fairness wins out over "realism."
Thisisalso probably the best system forteachingnew
players the sort of actions that their characters woukd

player to behave more honorably than an on-the-
spor Renown bonus (or penalty)

As an interesting outgrowth of this system if
| You're willing to make extra work for yourself, youcan

players —addins
{W your workload. Under such a system, characters
fenul t gain Rank a little more slowly, as the p

I Nobody Sees I, Does ip Counf?

rend noc toask for the Rite of Accomplishment until
they'resure they're worthy. This might be a good or
trad thing, depending on how you like to pace your
tions, of course, asthe characters stand a good chance
of finding out during their Rites of Accomplishment
thar they're considerably more worthy than they'd
(if they're humble), or that they've been
lot more than they'd assumed

Ofcourse, you canalways go the other road, and
assume that only Renown that's formally acknov
edged by a Galliard at a moot counts. This is cer
tainly valid choice, particularly if you're looking
for Renown to work more realistically and lesss
naturally. One advantage of this approach is that the

valuable as the bards
stronger interest in having theirdeeds related, which
certainly suits the moti of the tribal society
However, be aware that some groups will really
abusesuch a setup. Ifthe Galliard is willing to look the
other way when the characters violate Litany tenets
uickly wind up with a pack fll of charach who never
demand discipline, break the Veil without a thought
anc invite potential enemiesback to the cacm. Ifyou'te
Rot carcful, you'll find yourself telling stories about a
handoflail-back,oversexedltecnagers that just happen
to have superpowers — not Garou, W
group's a good one before you try this 1

ike sure your

thod out

Chapter One: The World of the Garou. 5:

CE EN ON

of fF ET TE ATI PELTON ED EOS EME PIED TUG,


The Creatett Hover:
Achieemg Rawk SK

Most Garou characters aim

of achievement and
k Six is nothing less

ive) may lear the powerful and

ith each new step upward
rou (Rank

en at important

uch, the attainment of Rank Six has nothing,

id whether or not

y individuals, They are your m

nation. The n

fi ws a Garou elder join this august company
The Path of the Path

Only Rank Five Garou ¢ to Rank Six,

hur such advancement di

ore Re

ation, any challenge might well be anticlimactic. If
Soudo choose to make a challenge part of the process,
amake it truly memorable the heart of
Mlfeas.the task of learning one'sown genealogy back
fo the days of the Impergium, or other stich nigh-
Finpossible tasks. Break out your book of old fairy tales
= thisis where the mountains of glass, reditecting of

‘When aRank Five Garou'sreput

‘throughout the Garou Nation that i rs rs
‘exiting Rank Six Garou, one member of this group may
take itupon herselfto travel othe cacmof the individual
Jnguestion art investigate her worthiness. The Rank Six
‘Garou usally alopes a pretext for making the visit and
"may voiee her true purpose only to the sept leader (unless
westigation)ortotheeldest
Once she has
worthines: (or

lunworthines), she retums to her home and contacts
three other Rank S

"xceedhin convincing them that the Garou candidateis
truly worthy, all four Rank Six Garou descend on the
Ul « challenge on their
in the challenae, he
undergoes a special version of the Rite of Accomplish:
ant performed in tandem by the Rank Sex Garou along
"withthe Master ofthe Rie ofthe candidate's caer (asa
Pourtesy). A successful enactment of the rite creates a
‘he Rank Six Garou. The Storyteller should determine
har perks accompany the new Rank.
[Adbhevermenf:

The Wittng on the Wilf
The Rite of Accomplishment honors a G
ess, acknowledges his advances in Renown and

ides him with the accolades and statu
ark. Within Garou society, the R
serves a "
BRE en ney Gite take on new respond
lesand serve as an example to other, younger Garou
Not only does the Rite of Acc
jim a Garou's advance in status to his packmat
esanel other Garou, the rite also hasa sptritua
that announces the Garou's new Rank to the
bral spirits that serve as teachers af Gi
ifs. Spirits do not part with their knowledge I
they hesitate to teach what they know to Garou
are unready for the knowledge.
How does a spirit recognize that a Gi
jeved the proper Rank for learning a Gift? What

many

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 55

CE are a arene cae ae

sort of indication does the Rite of Accomplishment
giveaspirit that the Garou petitioning for aLevel Two
Gift truly deserves to lea ?

how a spirit recognizes a Garou's Rank, Storytellers may
wish toconsiderthe following opeional system for making
the Rite of A

The Mark of Achietement
Th

ssful completion of the Rite of Accom:
plishmenc bestows upon the Garou a mystical symbol
that denotes the Garou's new Rank. This symbol
differs from mibe to tribe and sometimes from auspice
to auspice. The Storyteller m: what fo
symbol tal

particular color or the presence of

nu
Spirit
in the Umbra. This mark is perceptible prim
spirits, although the
werewolves tosee th

xige when

intheL

hus
marked, a Garou proclaims her trac Rank to any spirit
she encounters in the Umbra or elsewhere,

The nature of the mark reflects the character of
thetribe.A Mark of Achievement fora Red Talon may
appear as a bloody glowing scar on the Garou''s flank,
while a Glass Walker's Mark of Achievement may
consist of a luminescent band around her neck or
biceps. The mark should always appear as some sort of
badge of respect, it's no laughing matter

Tf someone succeeds in disputing the Rite of Ac-

complishme
the Mark of

ow uncil a

or if the rite fails for any other reason,
rent does

not appear on the
Pr h

nce of the Rite of

ibsequent perfor

omplishment is successful

Brnbing the Bee of Rank

Acconding to Garou traditior
Garou may not n higher level Gi
theproperRank. Thisis,plainandsin
issue, and one meant to reward playe
sacrificesand dedicaredroleplayingrequited (wehope) to
tise in Rank. However, some Storytellers may feel that
some spirits, realistically, might not always flawlessly
follow the rules. Can a clever werewolf pass himself off as
being of higher rank to aspirit? Cana fickle spiritchoose
to mess with the order of things? From a pure balance
standpoint, no— but for these Storytellers interested in
bending the rules in the interest ofspicing things up, here
are some guidelines. Use with caution.

Rolf Cn ad Weap:
Fed « Taree on fe Pier
‘When a Garon artempes

erce or otherwise bamboozle »
a Gift above

the will of Gaia,
il they attai
balance

current Ran


|

require a simple dice roll (although some hefty
roleplaying on the player's part isin no way an unea-
sonable request). The natureof the roll dependsoon the
method the Garou use

* Convincing the Spirit: The Garou uses a rea-
soned a

ment in onde
eserves to leam the Gift in question. The Garou rolls
on (difficulty cquale the level ofthe
Gift +4). For example, Miara Rainwwalker, a Rank Two
Ukcena Theurge, wishes to convince a spirit to teach
herthe Level Three Gift: Exorcism by anzuing that her
pack hi mediate need of someone to enact this Gift

nd currently lacks 1 qualified person, Miara's player
rolls her Charisma plus Expression (four dice) against a
difficulty of 7 (Level Three Gift + 4) and achieves a
single success. The Storyteller decides that spirit reluc-

ntly agrees to teach her the Gift, bur may attach some
restrictions on its use. More successes would have had a

jo convince the spirit that she

Charisma + Expres

more positive effect on the re would
mean that the spirit refused the request. A botch would
incur the anger of that particular spirit
* Cajol we the
spirits sympathy or make an impassioned plea calcu-
lated to win the pirit's approval in order to leama Gift
belonging to a Rank he doesnot have. Gregor
\Wyrmsbane, a Rank Three Get of Fenris Galliard, tries
the Level Five Gift: Horde of Valhalla. Gregor performs
astirring rendition of an aneient skald-saga illustrating
the use of this Gift by a tribal hero. Gregor's player states
that he is using a poineof Willpower asingurance before
he rolls Charisma + Performance (seven dice) against a
difficulty of 9 (Level Five Gift + 4). He achieves three
successes with the addition of the success from Will
power, The spirit grudgingly approves of the Galliard's
nerve (as well as his performance) and teaches him the
Gift without requiring additional considerations
* Coercing the Spirit: The Garou attempts 0
Jrowbear orboulger the spirit into teaching her a Gift for
which she does not yet possess the appropriate Rank.
Growls-At-the-Wyrm,aRank Three Red Talon Abroun
has failed to achieve Rank Four duc, he feels, to a bias
‘against lupus Garou within his mixed-tribe sepe. He
attempts to el Four Lupus Gift: Gnaw from
wolf spirit by thre he spirit with imprisonment
otish. Growls player roll Wireplislntimisation (sie
inst a difficulty of 8 (Level Four Gift +4), He
achieves three successes and sufficiently cows the sprit.
* Conning the Spirit: The G.

ou attempts torun
mi convince ic that she wuly
nk. In onder to do this, the
irrent Mark
ntobeliev-

posesses the correct B

Garou must somehow either conceal her

of Achievement or else must fool thespi

56 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

prowana,

ee ee

ing that she posseses the correct Mark. If the
attempts to disguise or hide her Mark from the spir
she mus firs roll Wits # Subterf nstadifficulty
of 7. (The Storyteller may wish to make this oll forthe
player in order to nse, sinee the
rou does not necess
work until she comes face to face with the spi
Danna Spoonbender, a Rank Two Child of G
Ragahash, decides to learn a Level Three Gift

She determines that she needs to fool a Gremlin into
believing she is a Rank Three Garou
disguise her Mark; the Storyteller roll pet
ting foursuecesses!), Once she has comered the Grem-
lin, she triesto fast-talk the spirit into accepting her as
a worthy candidate. She rolls Manipulation + Subter-
fuge (a dice pool of 5) against a difficulty of 7 (Level
Three Gift +4). She receives five successes — a phe-
jomenal success. Augmented by her Storytellers con-
Jed roll to determine how well Danna disguised her
Mark, this stellar achievement completely fools the
Gremlin. Danna walks away with a Level Three Gift
and the possibility of receiving Glory for her bold
Umbral prank in keeping with her auspice
While this method allows for a hard and fast
approach co tailoring the rules, players and Storytellers
who tse it must respect their rolls and accept the:
results, whethergood ornotso good. Since Werewolf:
The Apocalypse isa game thar emphasizes creativity
and imagination, players may wish to opt for a more
intense and internetive method of bending the rules.

Talk Feath, Tink Father:
Roleplaying Up the Laer

Inthe above examples, both Storyteller and player
elected to use the dice as the only determining factor
in whether or nor the Garou succeeded in learning a
Gift beyond her Rank. A Storyteller and her players
nay prefer to place more emphasison good roleplaying
rather thanon random dice rolls, Wecan illustrate this
using the san

es as in the previous section.

* Convincing the Sj Miara Rainwalker's
player engages the Storyteller, who acts the part of a
spirit minion of UI in a polite and reasoned
discussion in which she explains why she needs to
lear the Level Three Gift even though she is only a
Rank Two Theurge. The Storyteller feels that Miara's
player has made a good enough case to

ce the
spirit. Ac this point, the Storyteller can do one of two.
things: he can inform Miara's player thae the spirit
autees to teach her the Gift, or he can decide that
Miara must still make a roll at a reduced difficulty of 4
due to good roleplaying


as LATE PEN LN

 Cajoling the Spirit: Gregor Wyrmsbane's player
decides to roleplay his character's impassioned ple
He launches into an extemporineous poem in free
Herve that describes age
knowledge of the Gift Gregor desires co learn. The
Stoyteller is so impressed with her player's perfor-
mance that she does not even require a dice roll. She
simply awards the Gift to the Garou character (and
pethaps gives the player an extra Experience P
the end of the session for good roleplaying

* Coercing the Spirit: Growlsatthe Wynn's player
tries to roleplay his character's attempt to badger the
wolfspi him the Gift he wants. Unfor-
tunately, the playerdoesnotdoa very good jobatacting
belligerent. The Storyteller decides to allow Growls!
player to roll the dice but asigns a higher difficulty to
the rll, determining thatthe spirit did not believe that
Growls would carry out his threat. Growls fils his roll
and the spirit sends him back to his pack in disgrace.

* Conning the Spirit: Danna Spoonbender's player
Aecides 10 roleplay her encounter with the Gremlin
spiritshe wants to fool into teaching her a Rank Three
Gift. She describes her character's attempts at dieguis-
ing her Mark of Achievement — something that
involves an elaborate display of paine and glitter and
strategically placed piercings in the general area of the
‘Mark. When Danuta confvontsthe Gremlin, her player
Jaunches into a comic rourine thar entertains and
amuses not only the Storyteller but the rest of the
players as well. The Storyteller asks Dana's player to
make a Wits + Subterfuge roll ata lowered difficulty.
Even though Danna's roll is not yery good (she only
rolls rwo successes), the Storyteller decides that the
spirit, while not fooled by Danna's scam, admires the
Ragabash's daring and delivery enough to teach her
the Gift — provided she return once a month co
entertain the spirit with a new com

This system may seem a litte bit to easy — but
remember that i's completely optional. No player can,
ever demand thar you use these niles. Abo, bear in mind
that by violaring the laws of Rank by claiming an un-

cerewolf is disrespecting some of the

basic prineipks of Garou society. Storytellers shouki feel
freeto slap painful Honorlosseson cubsthat try toexceed
theirstation for any but the most compelling of reasons.
Ute Story Site: Letting the Story Come Sitap

The final method presented here for determining
the outcome of an attempt at learning a Gift without
Postessing the necessary Rank consists of simply ac-
Knowledging that certain results are necessary to a
succesful story. Ifa pack needs a particular Gift for an
upcoming critical cor Jno player pos.
sess the oppropriate Rank, you wish to ignore borched

battle chat revolves on the

routine.

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

Ns aiaeiememeameen

rolls or bad rolepla
chu

ying in advancing your
Le. OF course, this shouldn't happen often, or
believe that their actions have no

n which events are predet

else players m

effect on a gan

Judicious Storyteller license, however, can often save
from falling apart because the characters lack
particular Gift. Likewise, Storytellers may
ona failure by integrating into the story the
‘of a spirit angered by ane of the chi
This is aso useful ifa player is trying to learn a
powerful Gift from a spirit that you decide might not
really care about the rulesof Rank —Coyotesp
tmindyasdo other tricksters or Wyld-sirts In such a
case, you may'simply choose to grant the audacious
player the Gift without the necessity of die rolls or
heavy roleplaying. However, the sort of spirit that is
Likely to ignore the precepts of Rank is alo the sort of
spirit that gives Gifts with... eccentricities. The Gift
might never work entirely properly If Coyote teaches
a Rank Four Ragabish the Gift: Thousand Forms,
pethaps the Ragabush retains the paws of a wolf in
every form she takes. The
for such flawed instruction wwe the spi
see the youngsterstruzeling witha power that'srichtly
beyond them, orthe spriemight not eareacall that the
Gifethey'vetaught doesn't work rightfor lower-ranked
Gorou. This sort of mixed blessing goes very well with
one ofthe cardinal themesofbaryaini
you never et something for nothi

Allowing a Storyteller the freedom t0 use this sor
ofereative plotting require alof trust from the
players. They needtofcel thar you aren't simply twisting
{vents to suit your own purposes or to make fun of or
defeat the players, but that you'te trying to create a
challenging and entertaining story for everyone
om Gore
Rank ad be habenger

Most players and Storytellers familiar with the
me know what steps a Garou must take to rise in.
Rank. Aftera Garou has acquired the requtsite points
of Renown in the appropriate categories for her new
Rank,shesceks outa Garouof equalorhigher rank and
issues a challenge. The challenged Garou (usually
played by the Storyteller) must then come up with a
Sutable challenge.

Crearingachallenge that sufficiently testsacharacter's
mettle without proving imposible to overcome often
teasthe Stontelleras well. Whar kinds ofc
suitable for your ambitious Garou ch
combats don't always work, particularly when the chal
Jenger belongs to an auspice not toute for its straight
ahead warrior prowess. Challenges can also vary by trihe.

wcters

are plenty of good reasons

ith spirits —

57
AEN


A Red Talon Galliard may expect a different challenge
fora new Rank than a Child of Gaia Theurge

The following examples of Rank cha
tive you some ideas for er
entertaining tests for your
for theie players)
Rink Tivo abenges

Attaining thestatusof Fostem or Rank Two means
that a Garou has passed from the position of raw recruit
in the waragainst the Wyrm to seasoned veteran. Rank
Two Garou have some familiarity with Garou society
and know the narure of the war they have heen born to
fight. Challenges for these Garou should prov

ting your 0
rou characters (as well as

ive thinking
Since most Garou that survive for any length of time

eventually attain Rank Two, these challenges should
test the challenger but shoukl not prove unbeatable.
Sample Rank Two Challenges

© "Acquire" a specific item hidden by a Rank
Three Ragabash. Though a challenge of this nature
Comes almost naturally to Bone Grave ‘Walk
xd test of their

moderate level of combat, stress or crea

Glass

ers of Shadow Lords may find this a g
New Moons.

© Gain a boon from a minor spirit. This challenge
tests the ability of a Theurge to communicate with
Umbral spirits. Uktena, Wendigo and Silent Striders
frequently employ this type of challenge for their
Crescent Moon members

# Use reasoned speech to convince the!
challenge co admit you to Rank Three.
Children of Gaia and Black Furies place gr
on the power of words, so this type of challem
to them, This is ako suitable for Philodox of

* Compose a song ot story honoring the Garou
youchallenge. A challenge of this type tests the ability
of aGalliand to respect hisadversary and is particularly
appropriate for Fianna or Get of Fenris, though Red
Talons sometimesappreciate a newsong honoringone
of their own

OU YOU

* Defeat an Ahroun of your sept in a formal duel.
Stand vigil at the caem's borders for three days and
three nights without falling asleep,

Rank Tree Chdlinget
Garou who reach Rank Three (Adren) take on
‘major responsibilities within their sept. These Garou
hold most of the positions of consequence in a sept,
fulfilling the duties of Warder, Master of the Rite,
Gatekeeper and other positions. Challenges for this
ink shoukl weed our individuals who cannot act
quickly or think on their feet. The future leaders of the
sept and of the tribe come from Rank Three Garou,

ee A el

Notall Garoushould pass their Rank Three Challenge
con the first attempe

Sample Rank Three Challenges
words to ask for it (or without irritating them
ccharades just won't do!). Ragabash recognize the im-
portance of body language, gestures and non-verbal
scucs. Hence, this challenge tests the abilities of New
Moons. Complete a difficult scavenger hunc in a
specific time limit.

# Create an original and useful fetish ina specified
amount of time. In order to accomplish this, a Garou
needs to sueceed in locating and binding a spit,
creating afetish vessel and ensuring thar itservessome
useful purpose.

© Make peace with a long-time enemy or bring
about a truce between two feuding werewolves, While
best used to test the negotiating skills of a Philodox,
this type of challenge can also gauge the abilities of
future leaders of any tribe

« Find a hittle-known past hero of the Garou and

create a tribute to thar individual and perform your
composition at an inter-uibal moot, This challenge
not only tests the skills of the Galliard, it also ereates
nse of solidarity and pride among all Garou:
* Endure a solid beating or taunting from your
septmates without going into frenzy. Warriors need t0
show not only strength, but also disciplines frenay at
the wrong time is a Garou's worst enemy
lenge is particularly suitable for Ahroun, who need t0
lear that violence is not always the answer.

Rawk Sour Chalherges
tank Four Garou (Athro) have risen neatly tothe
top of the hierarchy. Mighty warrior: enowned
lorekeepers, wise sept leaders, notorious tricksters and
famous judges come from this Rank, Garou who deste
place in this elite group need to demonstrate excep-
tional skill and intelligence. Though some Garow may
attain Rank Four the first time, those who do should
insp) theirpeers. Rank Fourchallengesshould
be just thar — challenges.

Sample Rank Four Challenges

* Find out every aspect of the business plan of an
organization of potential interest to the Garou, with-
out getting caught, Beat a Lupus-form elder in a
footrace (likely through a forest or other obstacles)
without shifting out of Homid.

¢Unea
spint to act
nature (such
a swim) withou

his chal-

th a lost treasure of the tribe. Convince a
a fashion completely opposite to its

encouraging a fire elemental to go for
raning the spiit

58 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

J i i ee


* Take the place of the sepr's Trutheatcher or
Master ofthe Rite fora month. Convincea local street
ging (or other belligerent group of humans) to partici
pate in community service for a month

© Create a praise song for a rival and end your
differences with that person by honoring he

cured by enemies of some

srt, whether Black Spiral Dancers, Pentex teams,
Leeches or sorcerers. Beat every other Ahroun in the
sepe ac wrestling with only five minutes to rest in
between each match.

Rak Lie Babinget

The most difficult challenge, however, faces the
Rank Four Garou who wishes to rise to the powerful
position of Elder. Elder Garou occupy a place at the
hheartofaseptora tribe, These individualshold the fate
of the Garou Nation in their hands. Their decisions
ude the Garou; their deeds stand as examples for
younger werewolves; their mistakes can cause irrepa-
rable hurt to Gaia and the othe Garou. Challenges or
this Rank should test every possible quality the chale
Tenger possesses — regardless of auspice.

Sample Rank Five Challenges

* Visit a th of the twelve tribes of the
Garou Nation without being noticed, recognized or
challenged. and brine hack proof of each visit. This isa
test of all a Ragabash's best skills. Icalso serves as a way
for Garou of any tribe to practice stealth and cunning,

M Locate a lost caem and convince a totem spit
fo adope it. Redeem, cleanse and rename a powerful
Bane without using Gifts other than Spirit Speech.
Visit che courts of each Planetary Incarna, and bring
ack a token of each one's favor.

© Find a Garou lose in Harano and reclaim her for
Ghia. Destroy a powerful Wyrm-artiface by hurling it
inno the Abyss

® Accompany an Elder on her final quest and
Teeond her deathsong for the tribe. While this may
‘em simple and unworthy of a Rank Five Challenge,
In reality this test places the Garou who accompanies
the Elder ina great deal of danger. Not only must she
Witness the Elder's final glorious battle, she must also.
Survive it herself and remember what transpired —all
"Without detracting from the heroism of her subject.

* Lead a group of Garou against a major Wyrm-
"breature or other enemy. Defeat the creature without
sing any of your comrades, even if it means sacrific:
"ing yourself. Those who would lead in battle muse
"Know how co win without uselessly sacrificing others

ally, this challenge leads to a posthumous
attainment of Rank Five, Suiced for Ahroun, thiskind
challenge also tests pocential leaders of any tribe

aem of e

a RATE FEY RN es —

ier:
Coremovtat fromm fhe Pleat

In.a game in which the characters often let their
Rage dictate their actions, where savagery rules the
day, the less bestial aspects of characters need to play
a vital role. Characters who: nothing but «
machines quickly become boring caricatures, both to
other characters and to themselves. After awhile,
‘mature players want something more than posturing
experience points and kick-ass battles. Obviously,
»leplaying hooks (an odd speech pattern, a tendency
tofall for redheads) help players figure out the person
ality oftheir characters. The Gifts and rites character
chooses t0 learn also speak volumes about the
character's personality, outlook and goalsand can help
define her role in the pack, sept and chronicle. Many
players (and not a few Storytellers) tend to look on
these as "kewl powers" they have access to rather
essential pieces of the characters existence, however.
It's up tothe Storyteller to.coax her troupe into seeing
their powers in a different light. This is especially true
for rites, which usually require time invested in them
and have few combat applications

bat

So how does the Storyteller encourage making
focus of the Chronicle. All too often rites are
ignored or take place offstage and aside from the main
many Storytellers and
mply
and the troupe moveson to

players don't want to take time

Keeping," sosomeone whohas

he's

omipelling rolepls
ter development in Werewolf
Rites are the spiritual rouchstones th gh which
Garou interact with Gaia's creation, the spirits and
‘other werewolves. They serve t0 keep werewolves in
couch with the spirits with whom they enjoy pacts
Rites also provide Garou with a structured social
interaction. All the members of the pack or sept may
parcake frites, andare infact expected todoso. Garou
from other tribes or areas can meet together bound by
common rites toa common purpose regardless of other
differen. he have. Finally. ri
with which werewolves r
restore b

ine the tools
n accord with or
lance to the natural world, their caem, the
Umbra and the spirits as well as giving the Garou a
means for puniching and acknowled
accomplishments. Considering how many activities
rites encompass, it would he strange if Storytellers
couldn't find grcat rolepla

ing hooks in pert

1

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 59

Qe en reas. re erence ey


|

then

Likewise, it should be easy to look for places
ites would fit ryline and encourage
your players co play out the appropriate rite

Iuedtong the Pak

While Garou usually. turn to a rit

where:

» yourst

ster to lead
their ceremonies andmost often involve the sept per
forming the rite at their caer. itis possible fora pack to
enact riteson theirown solongasoneof themknowsthe
rite and the others participate. Some packs even create
their own personal versions of rites to help define their
rolein Gaia'screation. Storytellers whowanttoinvolve
their players in creative endeavors to enhance their
roleplayingshouldencourage them to take the ritesthey
know and find specific items, actions and words for
nwoking the rites chat are particularly significant to
their own pack. ght even want to deerease the
sltfiulty level of the rite as a reward for their ereativity
1s well as excellent rolepkaying. When doing so, the
players shoukl conskier thar rites serve as religious or
spiritual experienees as well as be:
bring about magical effects
Ifplayersseem initially resistant ro doin
could introduce such ceremonies by having the d
acters be required to attend and participate in rites
performed at the caern by their sepe. If Storytellers
undertake the part of the ritemaster and make the
resulting rite truly interesting, players may become
more willingrotry playingout other riteson theirown
And once they're interested, your players could learn

invocations that

bashing to perform the rites that define the more
civilized and spiritual side of werewolves
Teasing It Up

Sohow do you generate that interest? Take it out of
the ordinary, Most players (with afew exceptions) tenkl
J being extroverts of one sort or another and
usually enjoy getting to grandstand fora litele while or
fortheircool ideas. Encourage them
in this. While Philesdox and Theurges are typically
considered the most appropria ices for becoming
ritemasters and leadi 1y Garou possessing the
appropriate rite may lead it. Thusany pack member can
become the star of the moment. Still, Theunges andl

Philodlos

re particularly schooled in pe

they have scope within the game to use those skills
makes it more likely they will choose wo learn more rites
and round out their characters more fully. It also gives
them more rolepkaying opportunuties, something few
players find objectionable

While you shouldn't push your troupe beyond
boundaries they're unwilling to cross, many methods

60

——

ee Aa

exist for encouraging more interaction and creativity
from the players. Some players find it uncomfortable to
experiment with live-action roleplaying and they may
need a litle more persuading than others, but the real
ey co pumping up rites is to play them out. We don't
mean you should perform some sort of pscudo-Satanic
ritual complete with animal sacrifice, Burlightingsome
incense, drawing some symbols in the dirt or eating
something symbolic of the rite can all helpestablish the
mood and help players envis

the ceremony.
Bringing props appropriate to the rite, drawing a
circle, and lighting candles are all options. So are
playing background music or chanting. Think of ways,
to involve the players in the rites. Do any of them
particularly exeel at wordcraft? That player's character
maybe theone to invoke thespirit that powers therite.
Masically inclined players might want to write their
own aceomp ment or play rhytha
The main thing is to get your players involved.
While all these methods have been s
they are usually used as background techniques de
signed to enhance mooxl. Here, we're recommending
that you use them as part of the rite itself. Consider
how effective it could be to hold your game outside
«round a campfire or think about holding a clean
rite in a sweat lodge or pool, Even if you do no more
ider what elements might male f

hen describe it to the players, it should
et than siyply saying, "And

Hobcbling will She Spice

The pac

um parts.

sted before,

made

the beginning of their existence
uulthespinitsrequitesthiewerewolves
we for the spirits' empowerment
sites, a bargain Gaia's warriors have kept
throughout time. Thus. nitesserve t link the Garou with
spiritsthey maycall pon foraidand who may, in tum, ask
the Garou for help. 1 whose troupes conduct
many rites (roleplayed or nor), should keep track of what
rites the characters use and how ofters, Certain types of
spirits act as the usual conduits between the Garou and
the mystic energy that posvers different types of rites.
Pacts or septs that repeatedly perform a given tite over
‘time may come to realize an affinity with the sptits that
empower those ites (atthe Storytellers discretion). This
could pocentially ereate a situation in which the specific
ritemaster or group attains a lowered difficulty level (by
‘onetorwo pointsdependingon the strength ofthe bond)
pedormingthat rite Itshouldalsoapen them up to
demands from some ofthe spitits whose aid is given, This
isan often-overlooked source forstory material —aspiit
requesting aid from the characters in. return for past

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

imi 2


services and continued support. [¢ also gives che Story-
telleran interesting supporting cast member to portray
when the troupe enacts a rite appropriate to that spirit's
damnain. Below are some of the most signifi
Associated with spirits in the Garou arsenal. Feel fee to
‘extapolate and use these suggestions to

rites not detailed here

Rie of immoning

While any Garou that knows the proper rite may
Attempt tosummon spirits, it's nocalwayseasy todoso,
for is their cooperation assured when they arrive.
‘Afterall, they have their own agenwla and aren't just
hanging around waiting for some cub to snap his claws
and whistle up a spiric to help him out. Granted,
totems and spirits who have a part
‘whatever task the Garou wishes them to perform
usually arrive more promptly and evince less hostili
hen they come, but even they may be called at a
inappropriate moment or « time when they are busy
elewhere. As they are required toatvend once success.
allysummoned, even the most affable spirit may react
with somerhing less thats joy — especially i the spirit,
‘considers the cask the Garou summoned it for to be
demeaning, frivolous or particularly dangerous to the
Spiti's continued existence. So too will they react
‘more favorably co a serious, well-thought-out sum-
‘mons to aid in the preservation of Gaia's handiwork.

Asthe Storyteller, you must place yourself in the
‘it's shoes, so to speak, and judge how well the
characters performed their summoning and to what use
they intend to put your services. Then react appropri-
ately. Although there isaspecific chare given in the Rite
of Summoning's description, feel free to modify it to
reflec the roleplaying thar surrounds the enactment of
there. Afterall, if you hal an importane appointment
you'd been awaiting for months (one that could well
determine your future), and some jackass forced you to
Miss it in order to demonstrate to his buddies that he
‘nul! make you bring a pizza over to his house, you'd be
prety imate. You'd be even more pissed off if that same
idiot then forced you intohishasement at gunpoint and
dined you up down there with the intention of
‘makin you clean his house every week. On the other
‘hind, ifyou received word that a humble and apprecia
‘tive student wished to learn martial arts from you and
‘offered both heartielt praise and tangible, valuable
"tokens ofrespect to you in return, you'd probably enjoy
"the experience and feel honored by the interest. Keep.
‘that in mind when reacting as the summoned spirit.

While spirits may initially be hostile, it should be
‘posible to change that throw

I Characters might offer praise or extremely he:
felethanks for the spirit's cenerosity in appearing (okay.

nhance other

ular interest in.

IN ee

so they're compelled to appear, but they might like the
flattery anyway). Or the characters could ask the spirit
whar it would like in exchange for its aid. Those who
are known to like and have them on handas an offering
when the spirit arrives. I's only courteous since the
Garou have interrupted whatever the spirit was doing
some task the spirit doesn't relish, Be sure to demand
such treatment when playing. hostile sprit if necessary

to get your troupe thinking along the right lines.

From this, sy to see how important it is for
you as the Storyteller to set the tone by playing the
‘spirit to the hilt. (Some thoughts on doing this are
given in Chaprer Two.) In like manner, you should
encourage the players to have their characters develop
strategies for attracting the spirits they need to su:
mon. Discovering an item, scent, intricate drawing,

1c, series of praises, color or other element that
cach spirit finds attractive and compelling may even
serve as the focus of a storyline leading up to the rite.
Encourage your players to think symbolically; fire
clemental might appreciate i if its summoner wore a
gold clasp shaped like asalamander, whilea pain-spirit
might appreciate the summoning circle being drawn
by a blade, or in its surmmoner's blood. Whatever else
they do, the characters chould at least plan out the
ceremony they intend to perform to summon the spit
and the players should present it to you before making
tolls for success. Obviously, the more pawerful the
spirit to be called, the more clementsare necessary and.
the greater che amouncof time spent either in perform
ing intricate steps or beseeching the spirit's help.

Re of Spirit Anaboing
Inmany:
Summonin :

Sea

ays, thisrite should emulate that of Spiit
terms of player participation as they
share a similar purpose. However, as thisrite specifically
calls for performing a rhythmic piece on some sort of
instrument, that should be the primary focus used in the
rite. Y consider actually providing a drum or
other percussion instruments for the players to use
Marac nbourines or even two sticks or lids of pots
to clack together might serve for this purpose. There's
something innately primitiveandexcitingabout pound
ing out thythms, especially ones that grow in intensity
or speed when performed. Adding other instruments
(according to che players' talents) can add the dimen:
sion of melody. In essence, you're making an alarming
noise to awaken the spirit just as your alarm clock
summons you from sleep or a siren alerts you to an
indanecircumstances. Hyouhave

emergency inmoren

the room and the troupe is inclin
thedancea

ound the instrumentalist(s) and howling or

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 61

CO TE REN FO ILENE

ee Or LTT


growling as appropriate can also get the blood moving
and give greater scope to roleplaying the rite. Of course

nosy neighbors may call the nuthouse or the exorcist in
their i

sokeep

oryteller, it's your job toe
pesonality of the spirit that has been awakened. It's
your unique challenge to try to impart

awaken. In the actual rite description, awaken
VW bus is mentioned. So, how do you play a bus
anyway? Is iteven necessary for you to? The object will
appear in the Umbra, true, but remain stationary
unless used in the physical world. So, let's say someone
drives the bus in the physical workd and you as the bus
spirit move through the Umbral landscape. Do you
ake bus sounds? How about giving the
impression of straining co get up bills many VWs
experience? While this can be fun and enter
both Storytellers and players, you need to ask yourself
far defeats the mood you're trying toset in
ne. Gaspingas if releasing the bus' exhaust may
cause more laughter than appreciation of your
rolepla expertise. On the other hand. playing a
weapon used repeatedly to give death in the physi
work!

need to

ning to

going t
your

ressive, blooxlthitsty and conscienceless
entity can send chills up your players' spines if done

two and consider exactly what it is they're try

awaken and why —especially since awakening spirit
does not grant any control over it.
Sancuificacion ts che name given to the practice of
awakening plant-spirits. As mest plant-spirits are be-
nevolent, you shouldn't have to enact any seriously
hhostilespirits Such spirits give oftheir powersasif they
were talens, grantingoneuse of
Each plant grants a different abil
common plantsand herbsare detailed below, but Story-
tellers should feel ree to create their own at need. The
suggested personality traits consist of an opinion con.
ceming their suitability. fyoudon't like the personality
aiven, simply change it. It's your game. The most often
awakened pla h medicinal qualities

* Basil

Noted for ts use in cooking (especially in pesto),
basil becomes a potent magical herb when sanctified. It
stants either of two uses. The first use is in Curbing dhe
cffects of poisons inflicted by vermin such as snake or
insect bites or sting

those

» removing the toxin from the
The second use involves mixing the sanctified
herb with horses'dung. Thisproducesa horde of magical
scorpions, which have a game effect similarto the Bone
Gnawer Gift: Infest (although rather less potent). Last
minute rescues from fatal poisonings or great scenes of

ee Ae

A Note Tenwrd Balance

Some of the game effects.
Awakened plants
leowiny

ssted.aspowersfor
might sccm a little powerful, al-
itermaster to pull off ticks that would be
difficult co accomplish with Gifts. However, emer

ber thar you have an inordinate amour of control
over the Rite of Spiric Awakening — you set the
power level ofthe awakened spirit, to say nothing of
its willingness 10 use its powers for the Garou in
question. Don't worry too much about the power
levelsinvolvedifyourplayersseem to he gaining oo
much for too little thing to start
litle les effective, par

ticularly ifsome of the characters posses high Rage.
Plant spirits have a history of preferring low-Rage
Garouto those with more supernatural anger, some-

thing that works very well against rhe more fervent
actersin.a group. And above all, remember that
you want to rewand them for participating in rites —
afcerall, by so doing, they're drawing nearer to what
ir means to be Garo

having the spirits be

scompions overrunning obnoxious villains can easily
‘ensue. Bur how should you act when portraying awak
‘ened basil? (Even asking the question sounds a little
weird.) Since it can grant both poison immunity and
create poisonous arachnids depending on how it's used,
has might be a very ambivalent personality (and per
haps a little vain about its growing popularity with
chefs). And ifthe players decide their characters should
ako awaken the horse dung, you're on your own.
* Catmint
Acknowledged asa meansto bringon late menses,
mint has traditionally been used for birth control
{not always terribly successfully). [e also has a strong
attraction for cats, hence the name. When awakened,
this second power is substantially broadened, making
it imesistible to felines. Feline creatures, including
Baster or feline fomori, must makea Willpower rol to
avoid falling prey to the herb's lure. The number of
successes they achieve equals the number of actions
they can take before being rendered harmless (due ¢0
licking, eating the catmint, purring and strike
silly, drugged poses as a result of ingesting it). The
difficulty of the roll equals the Gnosis ofthe plant. So
how do you play carmint? Ar the risk of sounding
facetious, the mint part suggests being fresh, while the
other calls for... a more catty mindset.

* Foxglove

Foxglove grows wikl or may be cultivated in gar-
dens. Irs best known use is to produce digitalis, a drug

62 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

——

TT;


used ing heart disease. Its lesser-known proper-
ties asa sanctified magic
against faerie magic (adding ewoto the difficulty roll of
any fnerie spell or supernatural power used against the
wearer). Its spirit might appear very calming and
down-to-earth to reflect its properties.
* Peyote
Acacred plane ro many Native Americans, peyore
‘sacactus found in the Southwest. Protrusions.on the
plant, called buttons, are chewed or boiled into a te
anddrunk. In its mundane use, peyote hasa hallucina-
foryelfet. l'sawakened version is considerably more
porerful. Few Theurges beyond those of the Uktena or
Wendigo know the rite to awaken peyote; perhaps a
goad thing since few beyond those two tri
. They tend to use it even witho
fying to promote vision quests and dream
Sanetified peyote has sev a it allows
Someone who ingests it to step into the Umbra (with-
‘out tolling or effoct involved) and remain there for
"number of hours equal to his Gnosis. Ackitionally, che
infusion created by boiling allows someone who is
dermged toignore his Derangement.again forasmany
‘hours as she has Gnosis. Finally, someone who drinks
the tea may achieve restful sleep, ignoring discur-
‘banees until awakening refreshed. Peyote should be
Pplayed as quite mystical, somewhat difficult to follow
"ndalittlespacey.Lying underneath thistrippy fagade
‘however, should be hard-won, visionary wisdom
+ Woundwort
‘Ako known as plantain, this plant provides pow-
‘rfullealing when awakened. Whenusedsapoultice
‘orbrewed into a tincture, it heals all damage taken or
"lisease inflicted from frenzied combat or spirit travels.
‘The sanctified plant heals as many levels (including
"pyyravated damage) as it has Gnosis per use. Only one
poultice can be used in any twenty-four hour
period, however. Taken asatineture, woundwort heals
"intemal injuries. For each dose ingested, one Wyrmn
"inflicted ill can be healed. Thus if a Garou had eaten
Tainted meat and taken two health levels of damage
mm it, one level could he healed by drinking the
indwort tincture. Woundwort should most prob.
eportrayed as a caring, nurturing by
damage taken in battle.
* Yaupon
Found in the lowlands of the Southeast (as far west
Texas), Yaupon's leaves provide its power. To be
J, the leaves must be browned in an oven or
‘afire, then boiled in water. I his creates a bitter,
brew thar allow
1aday per dose, performing tasks without sleep and at
females for the lack thereof. Naturally, pushing

flower involve protecting

ler eager to

a ELT FEY Een ee

oneself so hard eventually takes its toll (three days
should be che absolute limit) and the imbiber mustsleep
cout her fatigue to the number of hours she "borrowed."
‘The brew imparts no immunity from needing to eat and.
imbibe fluids, nor does it give any abnormal strength
beyond the drinker's own natural amount.

Yaupon isalso used in divination. A Theurge who
soul and the souls of any others who share the cup with
her. Thus, itis also used to unmask enemies within
their midst or sept members who may he str:
close to the Wyrm's grasp. Yaupon might appear to be
breezy and confident as it imparts so much energy, yet
ightful.

Obviously, there are far more than these few
plants and herbs to choose from. Feel free to consult
hethal sourcesor books on plant mythology and lore to

2 too

also

help you develop special properties and personalities
for these spirits. Keep in mind that noone plant should
bean automatic cure-all or solve the characters prob:
lems with a quick fix. You might alsoconsider whether
these spiritsask anything in return from the characters
that make use of them. Who knows what plants might
need? Fertilization' Cross-pollination! Weeding? Per:
haps they simply want the characters to take cuttings
from them and start new growths el
their continued survival Try

ewbere to assure

what each

might request in exchange for its far from insignificant
aid. Then rolepl

pose or color, placen

the bargaining, And remember
n the sun or shade or
‘any other weird plant-centric clement might help or
hinder comm Have fun!
2 of the Tithe
As with the Rite of Summoning, Garou utilizing
the Rite of the Fetish must once again force, flatter,
bribe or cajole spirits into aiding them. Rather than
asking for a one-time effort, however, this rite creates
‘@ permanent magical object imbued with a spirit. This
means, of course, that the spirit must give up its
freedom in order to ente Vitem. While
tosuch
a plan, most are less than thuilled by the prospect. As
thisis the case, Storytellers should ask
ing said object. Unless the
nd cleansed as detailed in
it

ir players just

should automatically refuse. After all, this is going to.
be that spirit's home for the foreseeable future (which
could encompass centuries); it certainly doesn't want
dirty dishes in the sink and grime in the bathtub!
Your jobbe ractershave made the
item suitable for habitation. You should really mal
them work for this one. Playing a spirit heing

ed to

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 63

a

meray


me SSG

t ww, even fight
in be ed
wayed b uch arguments ¢

sioned pleas to serve Gaia

the spirit woul

wherein you as the spirit make known
mands and condition:
to become a fetish. Wh

her spirits hav
enough scope of interest to allow for co

Don't think that af
been beaten into submission

personali

used ar the characters' whim. Fetis
feated for specific pur
unique properties. Otherwise, th

mystic aura and become just another tool lik

wrench ora broom. Furth
having something truly di
1 bo-hum fetish like any other. Sc

or pontificates concerniny

Natural
bedevil the characters with such behavior

better make sure the fetish is

Iso (and remind the players at need) that the
pact the Garou hold

fh the spirits requires

them to always treat a fetish with honor border:

Some Garou bind unwillin, into fe

tishes, which almost always results in a fetish that
is difficult an

rebellious. At their discretion
ray these fetish spi

PR amare are a a Fos aT area NY

uncooperative at the most crucial times or have
them make demands the characters are loathe t
grant in order to function properly. Though the
Garou consider such fetishes cursed, the pact s

requires that they show honor to the spi

inside

uch an object. It'ssomewhat ironic (and this may
be played upon) that forcing a spirit into a fetish
permanently against its will ean hardly he consid

ered honoring it. If your troupe's characters

certain they do it only extreme need

re desperation in order to serve Gaia's
cause. If they're making the fetish just to acquire

\

inother cool toy for themselves, Garou deser

64


what they get when a horde of spirits allied to the one
they're harassing tur up to beleaguer the upstarts who
are standing a hait's breadth from breaking the time
honored pact. This action would spell disaster for all
‘Garou everywhere make sure the players realize the
severity of what they're doing,

Although almost all spirits who inhabit fetishes
‘axe Gafflings, wheat happens when they aren't? Imag
ine, for example, the chaos that could erupe through
Some yahoo somehow managing to bind a votem spirit
into a fetish. Would that fetish them take on all the
powers of the totem? Would a pack or sept dedicated
tothar totem lose its connection and powers until the
spirit was freed? And just what might happen in the
Vicinity of the fetish as the torem spirit becomes
increasingly hostile the longer itis pent up? Could the
{orem summon lesser spiritsor Garou dedicated toitto
aid in its escape? Would its particular job go undone
while it was captive? This could become the basis for
an entire chronicle culminating in a showdown with,
the owner(s) of thefetish and the pack determined to
rescue their totem, And if totem spirit might cause
difficulties, how ahout something even make powerful,
such as an Incarna or Celestine? These great beings
might causeuntold destruction (assuming someone
was powerful, pershasive or tricky enough to force
thom into che thing inthe first place).

Asfetishesare eareand treasured items, they aren't
just ound lying around waitingtobe picked up. Ifyour
game isn't brimming with poceat fetishes spilling from
every generous eldet's pockets, or falling by the
bbucketload from every defeated foe, sooner or laterone
tor more players will want to ereate their own. Obvi:
ously, they can or we wouldn't be having this discus-
sion, but how do you, judge how to determine the
Gnosis level ofthe item the player plans cocteate? The
fetishes detailed in second edition Werewolf all have
‘4 Gnonis rating somewhere hetween five and eight,
with mosthavinga rating of 6. Each fetish usually does
only one specific thing (with the notable exception of
grandklaives). As Gnesisis literally the
spirit bound into the fetish, the more powerful the
spirit, the greater the Gnosis level of the item, In
general, if the fetish is intended for protective or
defensive purposes or for general usefulness (such as
ise Spirit Tracer) Gnosis should be five or six. Those
that disguise Garou or hide chem from scrutiny as well
as basic weaponry (such as Kklaives) call for a Gnosis
rating of six to seven, depending on usefulness and
‘arity. Many Garou have klaives, for example, but few
have Phoebe's Veil, making the veil of higher Gnosis
duc tots arity. Fetishes that are extremely rare, affect
‘more than one opponent in an aggressive manner oF

feforce ofthe

hold more than one power might
dnt. Additionally,

isbound into

bind such porwerful spirits into
prepared top!

c

ishes, you'd better be
the ensuing weirdness with all he
at your disposal

Asfor the level ofthe fetish itself, this isn't quate as
necessary, as the player needn't spend Background
points ona fetish gained in play. However, what if you
like the fetish so much you want to make it avail
to later characters? Or if you'd lik fe Your Own,
fetishes, but are unsure as to what level they should be?
Ithough far from scientific, the f
be of some help:

Level One: Useful. A fetish with a power that is
useful, but not overpowering, in a specific situation.

Level Two: Reliable. A f ent in
limited ipful much of the
time; also, a fetish weapon no more useful than a
werewolf' claws.

Level Three: Potent. A fetish weapon with a
minor blessing, or a ferish reliably useful in dangerous
situations

Level Four: Powerful. A fetish weapon with i
secondary power that is either consistent (such as a
klaive dealing silver damage) or powerful and requir-

ng activation. Also, a ferish with a very useful power

Level Five: Legendary. A fetish weapon with
multiple powers, ora ferich that is exceptionally pow
erful or versatile, Most fetishes of this level are great
treasures, and much honor is attached to them

Level Six: Beyond legendary. Fetishes with pow
cers beyond that of mortals. One-of-a-kind
worthy of the greatest heroes that ever lived

Pte of the Totem

In many troupe: rand players con=
‘sult to determine wt ‘k wants. Some
times they try to figure out which seems most appropri:

ate to the tribes or personalities of the pack. At other
times play

lowingadvice may

jh that is f

tuations, or generally h

just want whatever rotem is strongest or

gives them the most advantages. Ina

ew cases, players
choose based on whether it seems "coo!" rather th

an
"too fairytale" or even choose a totem that won't
require roo much work from them to remain in the
spirit's good graces. Depending on what you and your
players want from the game, these are al valid reasons
for choosing a particular totem. It's usually preferable
to have a totem the characters teel comfortable with
and one they feel they can serve without having to

bend their characters' personalities to fit N

Chapter One: The World of the Garou. 65

CEL ES OE TON


|

ne AZ

The actual rite calls for a pack to anoint theireyes
with a holy substance in order to grant them the
‘magical sight rofind the trail of the spirit to whom they
wish todedicarethemselves. While it calls for mugwort
or tobacco or some similar substance, cre

tellers might have their troupes search fora particular

herb associated with

attractive tothe specific spirit
(depending on how hand it isto aequite this informa

tion or the rarity of the substance) using this element

in the rite could make the spi

tin question become
better disposed toward the pack, accepting them more
readily as its chiklren, Naturally, even using special
redients isno substitute for good roleplaying. Mem-
bers of the pack should still be required to present their
case to the totem through both speech and actions.
While the rite may require the characters to under-
take some sort of quest to prove their worth tothe spirit,
the Storyteller could helpthe pack improvetheirchances
asier task or needing no special
g the spint on first meeting,
homework. Which spirit are
Is it a totem of respéet oe war? Custom
clesigning their approach co impress the spirit with theie
maturity, prowess or whatever the spirit stands for
should be rewarded. BY arriving on the scene with
appropriate gilts, proof of their skille of of succesful
hunts, battles and what have you, the pack can prove to
the spirit that they are both worthy and serious and tha
they have a lot to offer the spirit in recurn for its
patronage. Of course, its your job as Storyteller to play
anyspiits the pack mighthave encountered before with
such skill that the players will realize the gravity of
askingfora totem'sfavor. When theyactually meet, you
must also play up che tovem's majestic presence so the
characters feel as though they've received a great honor
inallying with it. Totemsshould
‘of Respect, War, Wisd
quire those whorn it adopts a its children to behave in
1 similar fashion. It's up © you as the Storyteller to
ashion that the players (and
confused by it. A pack member
showing his wisdom in defeating an eneray without the
need for combat to a totem of war should receive lit

assignment at all by

How? By doing the
they seckin,

portray the spirit in such
their characters) aren

oF no interest from the spirit. Those Garou who ap-
proach a totem of war after having won a diffcule batthe
through both good tactical decisionsand personal brav-

ery, however, ought to be flattered by the amount of
attention the spirit lavishes on them
So what happens when the players don't really

know which spirit they ought to choose as their totem

or when you want to
that is appre

into the game
» your setting, but not detailed in

roduce a spi

6

: ———

the main rulebook? The rite calls for the characters to
be able to track specific spoor and dist
any other. In this case, though, the cha
have a clue what they'te looking for. In such cases
fallseven more to the Storyteller to point your troupe
in the proper direction. Since they don't know wha
they'te seeking, you need to have an entire adventure
in the Umbra ready for the ch
following a specific tral, the substance rubbed into
their eyes should let them see the area of most need,
leading them in the direction they need co go to
perform great deeds that will attract the spirit you've
chosen for the Altematively, you could present the
troupe with several choices and note which one they
feel is most important, then use that as a guide for
selecting which spirit offers its patronage. Finally, you
might have their sept assign the pack a task in the
‘Umbra culminating with a rite t acquire a totem for
themselves. You could have an interesting session
involving several spirits that evince interest, whoeach
‘offer the pack their nod in return for completing the
quest. Playing each spirit presents quite a roleplaying
challenge for Scorytellers; especially if you really wane
the pack to choose one totem over another. Actually
having the various totems played out for them, how-
ever, may be instaimental in helping the characters
choose the one they feel hest suits them.

The tte of Pawtaye

‘No cub is accepted as a true Garou until she
undergoes herrite of passage. Although the cub's tribe
isn't established either until this seminal rite is per-
formed, it's pretty obvious which tribe most cubs
belong with. Those that are born to a Garou parent of
Silver Fang stock could hardly be considered aChildof
Gaia Uktena. In like manner, most tribes keep track
of their Kinfolk whenever possible and perform a
Bapcism of Fire on newborns if they are Garou. This
marks such children with a spiritual brand, the picto-
gram thar identifies the child's tribe. It isn't that
difficult chen, to design a rite of passage to incorporate
elements that are important to the cub's tribe-to-be,
wW not yet acknowledge that the cub
ispart of their society, they usually don't deny that the
cub's genesix lies within their own tribe. A notable
exception exists with the Black Furies, who do not
accept male cubs.

Rather than

Is up to the Storyteller tw devise a true rite of
passage for the characters that will test them and prove
their honor, wisdom and courage to the tribe so they
may gain acceptance. As when dealing. with spitts,
there is lide point in sending an Uktena pack into a

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

LT TT


Bead-on confrontation with Wyrm creatures. The tribe
"Won't honor them for it and may even wonder if they
Mmilybelongelsewhere. A quest to uncoversecret knowl-
‘edge euarded by Wyrm creatures thar must hed
Iypassed ortricked into surrendering their secrets, how-
lever, is imminently suitable and can gain the characters
fissant respect for successfully completing it. Playing
Ttheelders that send the cubs off co complete their rite of
Pasage requires Storytellers to assume roles that impress
tupon the cubs just how serious — and deadly — rites of
pasage are supposed to be. After all, if they cannot
complete a difficult, but not impossible quest, they
hardly deserve a place within the tribe
But what occurs when the cub's parentage is nor
Known? Kinfolk may move around, a Kin-Fetch sentto
watch over the baby may falter in its duties oF some-
thing else could happen to leave the newly changed
werewolf ava lost cub, In this case, the rite of passage
brecomesthe best means for discovering whattribe the
‘ulactually belongs with. The tribe thar performs the
Tite will not necessarily end up with a new member:
The rite may prove that the cub is destined for some:
tribe entirely. Depending on relations berween

the two'mbes, the one giving the rite might demand
hae the cub foreswear her natural tribe and join theirs

inswead or might assist rhe cul in locating and joining
the trihe to which she aemally helongs
‘Scencofthe Truc Formcan cllthat a young werewolf
is unquestionably Garou, but it does noc convey a sense
only genealogy and research can provick that
ved goes a long way as well.) Tribe is unatter of
ance; htt is noc alwaysproof of one's worthiness.
Inkedea male bom to the Black Furies might prove
dunghis ie of passage thar he has the greatest affinity
forthe Gee of Fenris and their creed, bur might not be
‘fered aplace within their ranks. He would then have to,
Apply clewhere and take whaever tribe accords h
y's surprising how many
acters to be mysterious and un-
Known, have secrets the other characters don
hour them. As che Storyteller, you need!
datethat andnoe give anything away tothe ocherplayers,
Ser ail create a rite of passage that will ilentify che
haracers tribe (ac least ro that character's player) soe
he Gifishe should have. Ifthe playerherself
unsure what cribeshe wants her characte
Snead to warch how she deals with the challenges of the
‘te youve set up and make your best gues bese on her
isthe best fit. Ifthe player
thoice forhereelfand create

Sometimes, no
ly refuse to fit

bal stereotype. This isfine!

eee ree,

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

not an inbred pack
‘oppor

ome of the best rolepla
arise from uncomfortable
Amish

hom to the he
0 he sure, the love of
sparks will surely fly as the cub's philosophy of non:
violence runs headlong into the Fentir's warlike w
thodow Lord: varently ult
Fangs also provide endless fuel for story fodder, Just
n the Rite of Passage reflects wha
il nges them physic

ves them a good glin

has been nw, ch

nd

socially and
of what they can expect from the future. If you do so,
you can't go far wrong, even if your potential Black
my tums our to be a sweet tempered Child of Gaia
Seatonal Tribal Riper
AllGarou perforin at least some seasonal rites to
honor Gaia and mark the turning of the year. All the
tribesknow these great rites (though each eribe placesits
‘own stamp on the performance of them). Every Garon:
who can attend such rites is encouraged t0 do so, You
as Storyteller, can maximize these rites in your players'
minds by making them truly elaborate affairs where
Renown canbe won ot lost for their knowledge an!
performance or theit lack thereof. NoGarou in his ight
mind should distupc che seasonal rites unless failing to
do so would bring down destruction on the entire sept
By making these rites so important to your players
characters, you ean. also encourage them t0'perform
some of the seasonal tribal rites cach tribe observes, t's
‘especially fun to convince 4 mixed pack or sepr thar all
theie tribes' seasonal rites should be observed by every-
cone (pack or sept) and sce the fall-out as a member of
one tribe attempts to understand why his
septmate's tribe would even bother celebratin
8 manner. Though these rites first appeared in the
original Storytellers Handbook, theyhavebeen stream-
linesand reworked for inclusion here. Storytellersshould
feel free to create their own seasonal rites as some packs
and septs may observe such rites as often as once pet
onth. Obviously, thes rites are performed only at the
appropriate times of year they were designed to cel-
cebrate. Only a few seasonal rites are presented here for
lack of space, but many others exist or can be created
especially for a single tribe, sept or pack.
© Lhe Mysteries (Level Thre:
Performed by the Black Furies at the time of the
first new moon after the Winter Solstice (December
20,21 0r22),the Mysteries hark back toancient
Greek females would gather to celebrate the mysteries
associated with the female sex: birth, death, renewal

ping of their pla
ries moct with

pack oF

and que
life. The

the ongou

caves, often with trees

67

ONY

|

|

atop the tor that houses them, during this dark of the
moon. Those too old for childbearing unwind black
stringand tieitcoa rock or tree. Those whohaveborne
children use red string. while those wh
utilize white string, symbolizing the threefold aspect of
the yexdessas maid, motherand erone. The riten
shares tale of agreat heroine who has walked
through darkness to knowledge and the Furies

intertwining their stings into a patterny then s
cup of blood and wine. The rite ends ar dawn,

* Superbow! Sunday (Level Two)

Every yearon Superbowl Sunday (in January) Ameri-
can Bone Griawers gather to listen to or watch the
Bone Gnawersin otherareasot the world perform
nites for World Cup seccer matches and the like; ina
‘World Cup ear, the Grawers maybe performingthisrite
for weeks. During the pre-game show, all who are gath:
ered tell ench other what they think the sep ought w do
pest game, such ashelp outsomeone who isdown on his
luck, rescue people from abusive spouses, check up on
their Kinfolk or hune down Wyrm creatures. Other
suuguestlons might also be tendered. The ritemaster passes
in old hat and e¢

are sill virgin

+h Rone Gnawer thaws in.
something he considers valuable (a CD, an old watch,
even an Indian head penny), then predicts which team
will win and by how many points. No one can predict the
on sees go early. Acthe hat passes,
mesa temporary fetish. Wor by the winner, itacts
to point that Garou in the exact direction she needs to go
to accomplish what she earlier stated she wanted! the
group todo. The rite ends at dawe ur whenever die gual
of the winner is accomplished. For this reason, no Bone

ithe

awer ever triesto say they want to do something post
game that will ake more than one night.

* Memorial Day

While American Glass Walkers enact this rite on
Memorial Day, others world-wide do so'on days the:
own countries designate as atime to honor their dead
Before daven, Glass Walkers gather on rooftops, in
office buildings or even within parks and grieve fe
their fallen comrades and ancestors. The rite honors
those who have fallen in Gaia's service or in an
attempt to gather new technological information or
devices. As dawn breaks the ritemaster calls the Glass
Walkers into their Hall of Honor, a special room or
area where the names and deeds of the honored dead
are written. New additions are made to the rolls to
honor new martyrs and the ritemastersummons a City
Spirit to guard and protect the room for cur
for a single favor from dhe Garou.

* Rite of the Impergium

Red Talons hold the Rite of the Imper
June 28, one week after the Summer Solstice. On this

68
i —_—

ee 7 ee

night, they gather and how the Songofthe [mpergium,
htellsthe history of thisonce-sacred luty and the
subsequent decision amongGarou tostop enforcing its
dictares This howl! js so guttural and derisively chilling
that anyone not of the Red Talons tribe inevitably
ees itssound. Humans who hear it may try to run, but
rarely escape the Talons' sweep when they disperse
‘outward, culling wharc¥er humans cross theie path for
thisone night. While entire towns are not subjected to
it, lone travelers, groups camping, ranches and rest
stops become their targets if within the Talons! tervi-
tory. The werewolves continue their terrifying song as
they slaughter chose caught within their hounds, ei
crating that this is sacted trust they should be per-
forming and lamenting thatthey no longerse
in this fashion. Ar dawn, the Red Talons return to
their territories far from human habitations, leaving

whic

and terror in their wake

The Beat Courts

a wears many masks. Or, eather, Gaia has mar

faces, each a true manifestation, simply not the entite
truth. Inthe eascem halfofthe world's lagest continent
and in che oceanic realms surrounding it, the Changing
Breeds deal with each other and with the world around
them very differently than they do in Europe and the
Americas. This section summarizes how the Asian
shapechangers live. For a great many more details, see
Hengeyokaiand A World of Rage. Thisisan introduc
tion for those who don't want ro immerse themselves in
the full complexity of the situation just now, and an

in light of recent developments like the Stargaz-
crs' departure from the Garou Nation
according tothe mythsof all the Chang:

various shapeshifting races existed har-
moniously. Gaia, whom the hengeyokai (shapeshifiers)

often refer toas the Emerald Mother, gave each kind of

The term "Middle Kingdom" refers oan area
of shared spiritual influence. China sits at the
center, providing the oldest traditions and the
greatest population. From there, the kingdom of
the soul extends to include Japan, Korea, the
Philippines and other islands of the Pacific
South

ad
st Asia. There'soverlapping authority and
pe Cases Outright Conflict along various bor
derlands in the north (Siberia and eastern Russia),
west (the central Asian republics and nomadic
territories) and southwest (India).

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

a


‘shapeshifteraparticularrole to play. Unfortunatelythe
various kinds fll into quarrels and then into war:
Inthe lands of eastern Asia, the Middle Kingdom,
thicwar id not hecome the raral earacrophe known
a the War of Rage. Changers did fight each other,
often bloodily, but no single kind drove another to
extinction, and through ital the kinds retained some
common purpose. The urte of che Emerald
Mother were, ancl ate, literal courts, formal gatherings
ofthe elders of each kind with authority to give orders
andl dispense justice. While the Co
{ines been greatly strained and in some places cease
working fora while, there isa more or less continuous
tradition of governance in the midst of chaos.

ts have some-

The Beast Courts' sages present a much more
complex view of history than their Western counter
parts. The prevailing view among supernatural deni-
tens of the Middle Kingdom fearures a great Wheel of
the Ages. It begins with the consummate perfection of
the Fir Age and progressive descent into decadence,
Confusion and woe, Some stories say that the world
fiselfchanged shape in the catastrophesthat ended the
Second Age. though nobody can sty for sure. The
‘World now stands poised on the brink ofthe Sixth Age,
the em of greatest darkness. OKI lore says that the

Wheel will continue to turn, into a Seventh Age of
somewhat better conditions all che way

Twelfth Age of restored perfection. It's
hengeyokai co believe that now, and many fear that
history will grind to a halt with the Sixth Age. There
may be endless misery or simple annihilation ahead,
depending on who tells the cale, but hope is scarce,

The Wheel of the Ages isn't just_a-mater of
interpretation. Elders of the Beast Courts can docu-
amentspecific changes in their relations with the spint
world, the operation of familiar Gifts and even their
ability co draw on the Rage within themselves. When
ne ge gives way to the next, it matters in practical,
famgible ways, at least to changers attuned to the
conditions of the Middle Kingdom.

Court Pirdamentae
The Sten

‘One of the mest obvious differences between the
Midile Kinydom and elsewhere isthe relations beoween
ithe shen or supernatural races. Some memberscfeach race
Keep to their own kind and follow a system of rank and
renownlike chat describedin Werewolf, the various Breed!
Ioks and other source material. Most hand together

from smooth in inter-Breed rela
tions. Every Brecd has its own history, its grudges and
"Jealousies. The bond of shared nature competes with'

\: aio

a LT PE ER =

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

Atha or Ccergbere
Very few indivich

inelinarion ro purse

shave the connections and
viled comparisons between
the historical accounts provided by various super.
natural communities. In purticular, anyone who
ows the lore of the Beast Courts thoroughly is
unlikely to be much good at coaxing information
‘out of suspicious western Theurges, let alone out of
Mokolé and other observers. There's no stock
Werewolf answerasto whether and to what degree
the changes created by changing ages of history
affected the world outside the Midile Kingdom,
‘Whateveranswer you settle on for a chronicle, fin
fact the question seems to need answering, should
be hard to uncover and even harder to verity.

the bonds of cor The
ofall kinds from subtle int
just that the bonds of eo wo become
as irrevocably shattered the West
The Beast Courts also deal with other sorts of shen
beyond the ranks of shapeshifeers. The most nun
and influential of these are the Kuet-jin, the so-called
"Kindred of the East." These strange vampires have a
complex history of their own, which Kindred of the
East presents in detail. The first of their kind, in the
Second Age of the world, were mortal men and women
givenspecial power by great spirits and assigned to guard
societyand the world, overseeing humanity muchas he
Garowonce tended the natural world. Gradually they
succumbed to the temptations of power and the lure of
comupt, evil spirits like those who empower the Black
Spiral Dancers: The spirits that originally creates! them
turned their founding gifts into curses
Now the Kuei-jin exist in a peculiar undead condi-
tion. Ahuman soul which eseapes from itsaterlifein one
of the many hells of the Midkle Kingdom's Dark Uinbra
can sometimes reunite with its body, when driven by a
sence of unfinished duty. Unfortunately, the dead boxly
wnnot make the vital enengy that sustains all living
atures — what the Beast Courts and other shen call
"chi" —and must feed on chi from other sources. As it
bappens, the blood of living people contains chi in
particularly concentrated form, «0 that hapless Kuci-jin
begin as blood ouckers until and unless they master the
art of drawing chi from lessconveniently potent te
Unlike most Westem Lecches, the Kuxi-jinclaiman
extremesense of moral dury. Theyexist preciselytodothe
‘goad and necessary deeds they dicin't in life, This gives
them poine in common with the Be
thereremainsmuch tension'
Green Mother to protect life

1s host politicking
overt violence. It's
ity hav
they were it

t Courts, though
etween those chosen by the
nd] those who rust prey

9

6!
ONY


|

parasitically on life. Shapeshifters and vampires do not
pal around, nor do they often go on vacation together,
They do have common enemies, like the spirits. that
wouldannihilarethe worldorparalyzeit in the dark chaos
of the Sixth Age, and mutual concerns, like che decline
of spiritual understanding or moral ambition among
hhuman beings. So they sometimes cooperate on raters
where their interests overlap. and otherwise they mostly
stay out of each other's way

Even this limited interetion startles unprepared
Garou from the West. On oveasion, a favored outsider
has come in on the (careful, etiguette-bound, tense)

and one or more hengeyokat

on che vampiriemence:

devel gave ohaiesall aN Ge
‘some other outcome. Thoughtful hengeyokai wam their

vests beforehand, but the actual spectacle caries a
of calm discussion can.
ind return totheirhomealmostalways
end upreinforcingstspicionsabout Wymn-tainted Asian
changers. [n turn, members of the Beast Courts tend to
find the Garou reaction proof that the West is mired in
willful ignorance and self-destructive superstition.

Other sorts of shen appear less frequently, The

hosts of the Middle Kingdom exist in a highly of
<y of their own, presiced over hy the Jacke
Emperor of the dead, Yu Huang. (In recent years
thete's been substantial turmoil in his realm but the
empire persists If you really want to get into details
ee Dark Kingdom of Jade and
Ends of Empire. For most purposes it suffies to
that the equivalent ofa classical Chinese empire rules
overall the Middle Kingdom's landsof the dead.) The
hiséen are something like Western fae and something
like guardian angels, and spend almost all their time
concerned with their own matters.

The Sintal

The Beast Courts' equivalent ofthe pack isthe sentat
party, Tradition calls for precisely five members,
h sometimes a sraller force's members must each
take on multiple roles and occasionally several individu
als each take on one of the roles to form a larger hand.
© The Lantern: The Lantem leads the sentais
akingoveralldecistonsabour how best tocarry out their
wandate; it isa role most comparable to the Philoxiox.
© The Fist: The Fist exercises authority over mar
tial matters, providiny sidance and taking the
lead in combat; the Fist is comparable to the Ahroun.
* The Mirror: The Mirror deals with the spirits,
keeping the sentai in touch with theircocem and other

shock that ne
whoseethesight

nized soe

about Asian ghorts,

sustaining powers; it isa role with much in common
with the Theurge

© The Leaf: The Leaf goes ahead of the ser
scout. then back to report. spe

© The Pillar: The Pillar provides support for all
the other members of the sentai in their respective
dutics. It can be likened to the role of the Galliand,
although the differences ate

Sentai often form for specific missions, rather than
as lifelong bonds — though shapeshifters who find
they work well ogetherare likely tocontinuedoingso,
on the very sensible grounds thar the Courts andl the
Green Mother need all the successes they can get
The Court

Tradition abo establishes roles for each Court. [a
practice, most Courts lack enough members for
tole w be filled by a separate individual, but they do
what they can. Ideally, each Court takes responsibility
fora separate caer, though the press of numbersofien
fore

Court to oversee two or more caerns.

* The Regent: The Regent holds highest author
ty in the Court, resolving disputes, issuing decrees and
interpreting the Tradie the dictates of the
spirits. It's not a position many hengeyokai volunteer
for. asitinvolves huge responsibilities and. in time of
crisis, great risk, Courts do not choose regents lightly,
and if it becomes necessary to remove a regent, every.
pwolved usually suffers loss of renown,

+ The General: The
forms duties much like the
ingtheCourt'smembers in the artsof warand ensuring
that the caem itself is properly guarded. The general
usually enjoys substantial prestige, but this can vary
widely depending on the particular circumstances,

© The Seer: The Seer oversees the performance of
rites and stmmonings and other interactions with the
spirit world, like the Master of the Rite. The seer must
be personally skilled at dealing with the spirits, though
some seers delega

eral, of warmaster, per

fa cacrn wander, traine

nates, The seer always exerts a great deal of influence
Gover the life of the Court. Wherever posible, the seer
hhas atleast one seudent, preparing rostep in should the
seer hecome injured, lost in the Umbra or otherwise
unfit for dury

* The Historian: The Historian keeps the lore of
the caern and Court for future generations, and in-
scructs the other hengeyokai in all that has come before
them. This is partly a matver of master myth anal
folklore, bur also eminently practical; the historian is
the master of scouts and spies as well as tale-spinnets
ZhongLung, the Asian Mokolé, often fill this role, but

70 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ey,


a EAE PEN

thers are by no means unheard-of, and necéity
fates some very unlikely assignments on occasion.

Honor

The changers of the Middle Kingdom talk a great
deal abour honor — and engage in manylacts to
maintain and increa but they seldom offer full
explanations to outsiders. As Storyteller, you néed to
know what the Middle Kingdom changers your play-
ers' characters encounter are thinking about.

‘The eastern Asian tradition of honor is; first and
foremost, about mecting one'sdutiesto the people with
‘whom one is bound by cath and tradition. An honor-
ableleader seeks the well-beingof those servingherand
thetriumph of theirshared cause. Anhonorable servant
seeks the greatest good for her master, ideally acting
without needing instruction so that the master i free to
tend (0 other duties. An honorable wartior fights not
juscbravely buc intelligently, protecting the ochermem-
tersof the community and showing inteyrity and inge-
uty in prosecuting the battle most effectively.

Honor requires the individual changer to uphold
the well-being of her family, her con
Beast Courts as a whole. Whether her innate cap:
fies are great or small, what matters is that she uses
themwell. Honor may call upon her to sacrifice herself
ifthe sacrifice will win something important for the
groups to which she's bound it may also call upon her
to endure when self-sacrifice would be easy, if she
ins necessary to the life of her groups.

However, honor doe

whatsoever to outsiders. Garou and other visitors from
putside the Midille Kingdom do not belong to the
Courts. They have « different (and from the Asian,
Point of view, flawed) understanding of Gaia, history
and the present moment, By definition they do not
elong co Asian lineages or communities. If they
choose to submit and take oaths of obligation, then
they become part of the system. Otherwise, they're to
be uscd as appropriate ankl discarded when irrelevant

Atleast that's what honor requires. [fan individual
chooses to act out of other concems, like a, hove of
seholaship oF a personal sense of benevolence, that's
fine, Noble and kindly action cars praise among the
Beast Courts just as it does in the West. Such action iy
howeyeralvaysamatter of individual choice rather than,
gener cry anlthere'snodsgraceamonghengevokatfor
sticking with honor as their guidins principle.

Hib Mar and Lew War

Tradition identifies ewo general categoriesof con
flict that the changing breeds may engage in,

* High War: High War is the reality chat most
oselycomparesto Westernstereatypesof noble Asian

warriors. Its participants agree to binding
and an overall concern for honor. They m:
declarations of war, and they fight with i
While on the battlefield they mayslaighter each other
(and sometimes do; it'snot unknown fora battle toend
with no survivors at all), they seek the blood only of
their fellow warriors. Acts of general terror and ram
‘of bounds. High War happens openly

© Low War: Broadly speaking, all otherconflict is
Low War. Anything goes. Espionage, assassination,
kidnappingand terrorall occur in Low War. In modern
terms, so do acts of genocide
‘or at least they can if the p:
such weapons. Th

nd regional destruction,
icipants choose to use
‘only principlethat guidesLow War
is the determination to destroy one's adversaries, It's
possible tofight Low Warwithh
begins, nobody should expec
ruthless determination.

The werewolves and weretigers of Asia are the
greatest masters of High War. Theit respective tradi-
tions have practically refined it to an art form, full of
eeremony and great dignity. There'san elegance tothe
toral commitment of mind and bedy to the task of
combat within boundaries, terrible and cruel beauty
that speaks to something very deep in wild cha,
hears. The Ratkin arc, in Asia a ckewhe
nsummate masters of Low War. They do whatever
they deem necessary, and expect nothing of thei

ies except that they should «
Killed. They eset oxhaers thin ann
nothing but success in the end

High War includes the notion of worthy failure,
when, one if truc to one's code ev
whelmed by superior force. Low War does not.

The Spapethifiers of the Cath
Hakkep

The Hakken are a tribe of werewolves found only,
as far as observers. know, in the Middle Kingdom.
They've sometimes been described as "Shadow Lords,
only like samurai." The Hakken share the Shadow
Lords' driving ambition to exert authority and refusal
to submit co the leadership of inferiors, but they
combine it with equal dedication toa complex code of

once the war
anything but utterly

Troauie As is with Garou, the resemblances 1
human culture only go so far — the Hakken aren't just
samurai ver precisely bound by human

notionsof honor. Their distinctive code of bushido, the
‘wamior's way, has both influenced and been influ:
enced by the hi ound the
Hakken; bur it tal the distinctive

realities of Garou life

n communities all

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 7

CS. LE ST EON


|

ly lineages provide the foundation for Hakken
ion. Noble families preside, and lines of re-
etsserve them. In the classic Hakken formulation,
the daimyo of lord is the heart and mind, the warriors
the handsand feet; the elders are the senses, the juniors
the body, [tall adds up, when things work right, to a
single transcendent organism aware of and capable of
more than any of its individual members.

Hakken serve the Beast Courts and seldom feel
much conflict between their duties to court and to
clan, Providing excellence in military or other service
to the Court, thereby ensuring itssuccess and prosper-
ity, serves the clan as well, bringing glory to the
community which produced such worthies. On the
otherhand, the Hakken distinguish betweenserviceto
the Courtand service with otherhengeyokaé: they work
reasonably well with the Kitsune and Tengu, both of
which have long histories in areas of Hakken strength,
but are generally unhappy about being assigned w
sentai with other breeds. They strike to excel in such

situations, asalways, they just don't like it and seek any
opportunity for hone
The Hakken he most numerous mem
bers of the Beast Courts, in no danger of extinction.
When a Court's elders know that contact with West
emers is coming, they generally aim to include at least
afew Hakken among the sentai who'll deal with the
outsiders, since the Hakken have some shared 1
with the Garou Nation despite very diff
Khan
The Khan, weretigers, are the only Bastet who
take part in the Beast Courts in significant numbers.
The other breeds of changing cat find the life of the
Courts uncomfortable or unappealing for various rea
sons. The Khan, however, combine their breed duty to
xather the secrets of their enemies with a duty as
warriors om behalf of the Emerak! Mother
Khan exist outside the Middle Kingdom as well as
insite, bur the lineages on opposite sides of the divide
seldom trust each other. There's a legacy of betrayal
ud warfare that leayes both sides unwilling to expect
anything but more conflict from theiedistant cousins.
This deep suspicion reinforces the Khan's naturally
solitary nature to ensure that few hengeyokai or outsid-
wcounter more than one Khan at a time.
Many members of the Beast Courts, let alone those
from other lands, never encounter a Khan directly at
all, exeepe peshapsat a great distance on some special
ceremonial occasion. The global population of Khan
ay be less than a hundred, and every one is special.
Experienced Khan serve the Courts as generals
and strategists. Outsiders who come with rank and

rable change

t outlooks.

ee 2

prestige enough to warrant dealing with the Courts'
seat leaders may therefore encounter Khan and per-
haps even fight alongside them against some grave

mutual threat. Otherwise, Khan will remain mattersof
re concerned.

story and court legend as far as visito

The werefoxes are unique to Asia
ciistinctive position among the ranks ob the chan;
breeds. They don't have a history that runs bac
myth and legends. Rather, they emerged as
within the scope of human history, within the last age
or two ofthe world. They combine a wit to match the
‘Tengu's with the ruthless determination of the Nagah
and Nezumi, ac laughing
assassins" of those who thr Mother
and Her works. Their version of the Litany denies
them the right to attemp4 to exterminate humanity or
to make war upon other changers, but they generally
have a very free hand when it comes to wiping out
forces that menace creation.

Mostofthe Kitsune keep to themselves, but enough
ofthem belong to the Beast Courts that outsiders may
well cucounter (heat, particularly at courts atwached to
particularly lange eaerns or in particularly dangerous
areas. The Kitsune thrive on clashes with danger, and
serve bravely where other changers may make excuses o
avoid the risk They simply don't show enough respect
‘or eoncem for minutiae of etiquette for most hengeyokal
to feel comfortable with them. This informality would
make them particularly suitable companions for West-
‘em changers, except that Kitsune don't feel obliged to
treat strangers with much respect, either

Dealing with Kitsune is litle like dealing with
Nuwisha, but although both are tricksters to some
dcerce, the Kitsune are also consummate diplomats
with a taste for soreery. They strive for a refinement
that the earthy Nuwisha care little for
Nagah

The serpent people of the Middle Kingdom ate
almost as scarce as the Khan: the whole realm holds
only a few hundred of them. Some press on in the
manner of their breed without reference to any other
changers' concems, but most serve the Beast Courtsas
quiet, unobtrusive ministers of justice. Whereas the
Nagah are altogether unseen in the Weet, in the
Middle Kingdom they're known and respected (usu-
ally feared) as valuable participants in the behind-the-
scenes life of the Courts

So feu ve Naga remiss mater of rumor as far as
the favored few outsiders allowed into the Courts are
concemed. The Nagah rememberand remind eachother
of the Warof Rage, and do not care to risk fresh conflict

72 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

a

2 yy,


mumors and misleading accoun

Breed, created by
best they can. In practice they're almost univer
looked down on and condescended to, lowbom
untrustworthy

populous of the Chan;
those outs
busy with theirown conce
foc court formalities ancl

Middle Kingdom almost always come tothe attention <
of the Nezumt, at least ifthe strangers sper
in large cities, but the Nezumi

themselves as the Emerald Mother's last
against hu

er breeds fail, the rats
disease and death. Indeed,

when an outsider starts asking the wrong questions. ye warrens of Nezumi have already taken it upon
vee themselves to start reducing humanity's numbers dras:
e and other mass

The Ratkin of Asia live on the fringes of the Beast ial ec a
Courts. In.theory they are just as valued as any other pans

wut their duties as

likely to disappear quietly than to receive

Thus the Nezumi are simu

= others begin usin
st likely to encounter. The e
pdhavelitcle more use  Aame-F3ifo
ingling with the other The weresharks of the M
them. Strangers in the same
sly differe
any time natural

ssually secretly

le Kingdom wear the

sds than the others have

ves. As creatures of the sea, they
y cannot participate fully in the land-based
h more often routine of the Beast Courts, but they d

belong to the

J do serve with honor ard distinction,

Like the Ratkin in the West,

They're seldom sophisticated, and they have very

cofdefense little use for the intricacies of court polities or highly

runt amok. Where honor and hattle- detailed status systems, They are not just brave but XY

Chapter One: The World of the Garou 73

SEE, ON LS


|

ee A

clerermined and persistent, and they seek to act with
sound juxlgment as well as the tremendous force that
comes naturally to them.

The seas of the Middle Kingdom face many chal-
lenges, both natural and supernatural, and the:
Bito donor suffer for want of reasons to stirthe
into activity. Often they must fight by themselves
against maritime foes: When the challenge is closer to
shore or involves foes on lands well as sea, then they
join with other Breeds in, sentai dedicated to. sea
related missions,

Garou who stay on landare very unlikely ever to
cross paths with the Same-Bito. Garou who sail the
seas of the Middle Kingdom are much more likely to
encounter them. The Same-Bito take very practical

pproach tooutsiders. Anyone who fights against the
Emerald Mother's foes is an ally, even if a stranger.
Anyone who supports the Emerald Mother's foes or
who interferes with the fight against them is an
enemy, even if familiar,

Tiny

The wereravens have more in common with their
‘Western cousins than most hengeyokai do. After all,
they can fly (both on Earth and in the Umbra), and
they're accustomed to long journeys. They certainly
must take account of the harriers posed by mountains,
deserts and oceans, but they can overcome them more
easily than other changers

Like Western Corax, the Tengu work hard to
gather the world's secrets and coshare them with all
that also serve the Emerald Mother. They also enjoy
their labors in ways thar most other changers don't,
often attracting a reputation for frivolity despite their
frequent sacrifices and the great risks they face. They
find not just satisfaction in doing their duty honorably,
ut real pleasurein it, and whenever the Courts gather
there's iment about the appropriate

Same-

ally some an
ness of such a reaction

(Outsiders in the Mickile Kingdom u
the attention of the Tengu first. Whether the Tengu
contact them depends mostly on what impression the
outsiders make. The T e most likely to make
friendly contact with Garow or other changers who
c ancl cluefulness,

she wost likely to harass
particularly arrogant, ignorant or pompous tareets. If

outsiders come on missions that require dealing with

coura

the masses of Asian humanity and make a good impres-
sion on their hosts,
Zhong Ling

The Mokolé of Asia hold places of special honor
among the Beast Courts. Few in number, their gift of

Tengu are genet

memory makes them uniquely valuable in a society
that places somuch weight on tradition and propriety.
They say that they were the frst hengeyokai created by
the Emerald Mother's favored servants, and the other
changers generally agree
The Zhong Lung differ dramatically frorn theit
Westem counterparts. Their auspices are tied to the
seasons rather than to the behavior of the sun itself,
and their dreams cap into the mythic lore ofthe region
about dragon princes. In their reptilian Archid form,
they generally resemble the sinuous whiskered dra
of Asian art, and:some taken truly tremendous
proportions: The giant lizards and weird exeatures of
popular monster movics reflect, in highly distorted
fashion, the mythic presence of the Zhong Lung:
Zhong Lung seldom engage deeply in human soci
ety, oreven pay much attention to itsdetails. For much
of history they could do thar without serious conse-
quence; now they're constantly ca off-guard by
the destruction of precious Kinfolk habitat and other
calamities, but they remain psychologically unable to
rouse themselves to the sort of quick and nuanced
response the situation calls for Thus they depend on
the rest of the Beast Courts to help them protect
themselves, in exchange for their access to the wisdom
oft

ages and their personal power.

Garou whocoure on scliolatly tasks ase quite likely
toend up visiting with a Zhong Lung sage if they make
good impression and behave well. Others won't, not
so much out of deliberate aversion as because there's
simply little other common ground.

Ave

The werespiders of the Middle Kinsdom do fot
take part in the life of the Beast Courts; they rc
cenvousallies atthe best of timesand bitter enemiesat
the worst: The great families of the Kumo all serve the
Wyrm, and vigorously destroy any individuals who
work too ferventiy to further the welfare of the Emet-
aki Motheror Queen Ananasa, Whether particular
Kumo livesalone oas part ofa village of werespiclers,

all give themselves to the task of plunging the world
into perpetual oblivion.

Jopo the Sith Age

The Courts have been busy in recent
years, with wars and rumors of wars. This section
surveys some major developments and their cut-

rent conditions.
After te Week of Nightmares

he su

1 of 1999, beings of godlike power
went to war in the fertile lowlands shared by India and

Bangladesh. Their magical conflict killed hundreds of

a4 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

—

ie


thousands of people and blighted the land. The Gaunt
letactually disappeared altogether for several days over

hundreds of square miles, allowing in unprecedented
destructive force. In the end... somebody won. presum-
ably, since the battle came to an end and the work of
wt it up began. Everyone seems interested in
ing the truth the matter deeply. Human govern-
ments tall: about terrorists and psychoactive chemical
warfare, while the Kueijin speak cryptically of the
‘sxtifices of their elders and techno cians
‘occasionally allude to super-weapo ns

Most of the cover-up and related debare pass by
the Beast Courts without comment. Some sentai focus
onwhat they sees the really importance task, which is
healing the land. Akosha's Eye, a Red Talon Theurge
from her tribe's stronghold across the subcontinent in
western India, took the early lead in direct action and
wt others, both of the Beast Courts and
ouside. Her clashes with strange Wyrm creatures on
both sides of the Gauntlee have left her a legacy of
| properly, and after (wo
yearsof great physical exertion, she had tocut back and
concentrate on training her successors. A Theur
from che small Bangladeshi population of Hakken,
Syeda Strikes-the-Side, now takes the leadership role
in the fick, working with a dedicated and highly
diversified little community With varying mixt
aifection, admiration and disdain, observers some:
times call ir the Court of the Great Hole.

Most of the worst contamination isnow gone. The
last hundred miles of the Ganges' riverbed as it fows
into the sea remain heavily polluted, and crops can
snow safely and healthily only in scattered pockets
where the clean-up has been most successful. Else-
where in the three-hundred-mile-wide war zone, life
goes on at a reduced pace, with small regions of sil
intense corruption, Monstets do still roam the land,
burnot with such strength as they once haddand notin
anything like their former numbers. Humans see the
ateaasabout what they'dexpecta few years after abrief
but nasty war. Garouand other shapeshifterssee more.
‘The Gauntlet remains low, not rising above 6 even in
the midst of areas where it would normally rise much
higher, and spiritual force leaks through... for good as
well as ill, in some cases. There's a renewed quiet
respect for spiritual realities among the human survi-
vvors ofthe nightmare war, a fresh appreciation for the
complex needs of the land and its inhabitants. They
seldom talk about it for fear of sounding superstitious,

solves, but hengeyokai-who deal with
fumanity find their work a little easier these days.
Spirits gain 1 extra Rage when in the region
laddeshi city of Dhaka,

esol

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

I ee

and must make Gnosischecksagainst the local
let rating each night to avoid a brief fit of m
to slaughter anyone they encounter. (Si
single Fssence level of damage suffices to bring » spirit
back toits senses, and the fitexpires inany event at the
next sunset or sunrise.) Ghosts suffer extra tempra
tions from their dark sides, urges to slaughter and
regional guards of the Middle Kingdom's underworld
empire cry to keep all ghosts well away, Slowly shrink
ing Umbral storms, now us
sweep through the a

Int
| desire

taining a

ly a mile oF $0 actoss,
at 1-3 miles per hour. They
inflict one or two dice of aggravated damage along
their periphery, more inside. The best observations
suggest that pieces of the soul of the thing responsible
for the Week of Nightmare power these storms
that as itssoul goes beyond the realms known to
children, the storms collapse in on themselves
The Camp of Shia

A radical faction among India's Garou take a
stance related to that of the Ratkin: Garou defend the
world at large, and have precisely no obligations to
humanity whatsoever. Humanscan get out of the way
when Garou fight the world's enemies, or humans
can die. Shivans don't much care which. Humanity
at large knows that wolf attacks have become more
frequent and more deadly in western India. Few
ans know how lupus packs of Black Furies, Chil-
dren of Gaia, Red Talons and Shadow Lords have led
their wolf Kin into well-organized assaults on human-
ity, nor how sympathetic Glass Walkers and Silv
ly interfered with human efforts at

critics among the Garou N:
Beast Courts say that Shiva the Destroyer is
ite him, me

that their eri

n and the
as these
Ayanother face of the Wyrm.
:s can no longer properly
«dare blinded by
their own mythology. Every so often a very tense

noot occurs, so far without any satisfactory
results. Recently the widely respected Theurge Akesha's
Eye spoke critically of the Shivans for the frst time
an! this may rouse the Beast Courts into more coordi
nated action to rein in Shivan excesses. For theirpart
the Garouof India outside the Beast Courts worry that
public pressure will favor the widespread slaughter of
potentially dangerous wolves, thereby cast
one precious Kinfolk:

The Mtangazers
Most Garou know in a vague sort of way that the

Stargazers lost their most prominent caern, felt abi
doned by the Garou Nation and have collectively

75


ame a SD

en their allegiance to the Beast Courts. It doesn't
much matter to most Garou, so more recent news
ificall
of the great Beast ¢

are glad to have the Stargazers among the

makes it way around slowk
In principle, the elder

practice is somewhat more complex. The Stargazers

are held by most to be long-lost brothers w

the barharians for too

and for these princi
sas they are t¢

Elders with an inter

through southern China,

academies with s in histo

tradition and the spiritual realities of the Middle
ike much comfort in the
os all their
mature and ¢
ished breeds,

Few Stargazers
hat they get very special sch
J themselves fully
the Courts'estal

I hengeyokai wel
ree of entht
having new

sn. The Kitsune are very
id refreshing company
and repertoire and who in
Jnts to offer about the Wyrm's
ties on the fringes of the Middle Kingdom. The
nd very much deserving of remembrance
n. The Zhong Lung began with
nd when it be

* experience very
intere
indifference, but changed their
clear that many Starg
Valley.Some

rswould settle in the ¥
the newcomers immerse themselvesin
ave land and spirit from the disruption
created by the Three Gorges Dam, and have earned
the heartfelt gratitude of the Zhong Lor

The Hakken have li

would prefer to see
of the Courts, if

He use for their ¢
is kept o

the Garou
> joined, Hakken have
splayso prowess

s, setting an impossible standard


for werewolves unfamiliar with Beast Court ways. th
Every court with
games of intrigue
maneuver the Stary
must become disan

anywhere else but the

Bastet being slaughtered in the Wars of Rage. Though
are willing to accept new allies to fight alon

SS

wn dwindling numbers, the tigers are a proud,
nilarly, the Nagah have
tions about the Stargaze

Hakken elders hosts very complex

proud race

ind the scenes, with efforts 10
rs into sittations where they — div
all, what if the

Jae their truce n:

lakkcn'scaution isdoubled among the Khan, es s

ard the ancient stories of other tribes of

And the Kumo

Chapter One: The World of the Garou

ewolf ret
As for the Ne:

both groupsseem to think little of the chan
crs arc unlikely

i's
ide welcome their new neighbo

|

cat reserva
nd most are unwilling to
ns to his old sepr and
and the Same-Bito,
frerall,

~S
ed


The Weaert eyground

want Thec
ted. exceptionst
y of

ean un in the great outdoor alkersand Bone Gnawers remait
ataste of somethin,

Whatever their characters may fe

experience an unsettling
nand morb

from urban environments and soare most Storytellers. revuls
After al, it's
twenty m

living down on the farm tion within the ci
om anywhere else a weekl

rk cut out

sare like. Or do we

ly portraying the c

ke dl

awverage werew)
pustules of the Wyrm's corr

‘onset within home the alien allure of forbidden territory

Chapter Two: The Battlefield

RR en AR ER RATE

the labyrinthine soul-deadening webs of the We

his viewpoint, of course, but the major
id fascination when forced to tune

So the questio allows: How do you get this

1 its denizens in such
t-seduction reac
ideas presented below can help bring

79


|

A Note for Our Urban Readers

We know, we know. The eity isn't chat bad,
and not all Garou are as repelled by an sarhan
environment as we may suggest from time to time.
But, this being the World of Darkness, we do tend
toaccentuate the negative — the crime rates, the
racial ten the things chat sell newepopers
and "detailsat L1."Don'ttake it personally; it'snot
like a Werewolf chronicle is going to focuson the
cleaner, safer areas of town, anyway. There's just
not as much for Garou todo there, you know?

The Oy at Foreign Cntronment
Weareneverascomfortable ina strangeplice aswe
are at home or in a familiar setting. When introducing
rural or wiklerness-hased Garou to the city (even if they
‘were originally born and raised there), Storytellersneed
to stress the oddities found there. Things seem bigzer,
more threatenin

mies. Corporate behemoths, steel
and! mirrored ulass skyscrapers seem to invite Garou to
step sideways, but the Umbral landscape is draped with
the Weaver's choking wes. The poupleall unt
paying attention to anyone else, pushing, their faces
tight with stress, anger and hatred. Any greenery seems
sickly, either caught within strangling webs of concrete
and steel or formed of too-green, sterile plastic. The
stench of oil, gasoline, garlic and onions, stale urine,
spilled semen and unwashed bodies overlaid with cloy
ing perfumes and effluvia should be enough to leave
most Garou sick and shaking. Kood and water reek of
chemicals and t

¢ of equal parts ashes and taint held
at bay by unnatural preservatives. Homs bare, sirens
shriek, radios and CD players compete incessantly to
toponeanother with ever-louder offerings while people
scream tobe heard over the din. With their keen senses,
all these sensations and the fast-paced motion occurring
all ar J them can easily overwhelm Garou. And this
isin the daytime! Nighttime bringsits own horrors, with
the never-lesening neon glare and the enmity of the
Leeches.on whose home territory the Garou now tread.
garish lights redden the air and
a illumination of the moon and stars

And overhead, more

block the

description and word choice go a
to establish how the characters would view
Although not everything about a city envi-
ronment should be baad, the first impression a werewolf
ture designed to defend Gaia at h
going to have an overwhelm
eI e. Feel free to emphasize the most revolt-
ing, lurid and cortupe aspects of the urban environ-
ment. The residents seem both crazed a
obsessed with trivial things, changin

most

is probal

a 7

speed like frer
you've bee

ed herd animals. Think of times when
st uncomfortable somewhere and trans

Jate chat into your descriptions of the city.
The Gg at Nome
Some Garou who live in the city n

thar it'sasunnat
They've simply
cts of greenery or bic and prow!
the streets in search of Wyrn-tainted prey. These
wwerewolvesimay force themselves o remain in thisalien
environment in order to hunt down ene:
attempt toclean out thefilth they find t
bonded with packmates that cannot function well ou
side of an urban environment and choose to endure the
city's discomforts rather than abandon a packmate.
Many are doomed to failure as the tension of surviving
nd presery dually poisons
their minds or them into Harano or
berserk rages. Some falll wo the city's allure, losing
themselves to the fascination of the ever-changing,
robbing patterns of life and death found there.

Others, suchasthe Glass Walkersand BoneGnaw-
ers, actively embrace the urban environment, reveling
in the technology or living on the leavings of others.
No less devoted to Gaia, the urban Garou realize they
can serve Her best within the very clutches of the
Weaver's tapestry. Unlike the more extreme of their
s, urban Garou can see the value in
s features.

n find pock

hase Garou thar think ofthe city as
ly gruesome descriptions of the
ly inappropriate. What coun-
try Garou find sewhelming," urban
even "commonplace and disiissable." Many urban

<¢ a more human-ftiendly perspective,

werewolves ¢

asic, or
lock where neighbors still treat each other like
family. While rural werewolves may choke on noxious
air or suffer from the reek of Wyrm and Weaver, city
Garou have long bee

in the country too complicated with the sce

unfamiliaranimalsor thea 1s, Not
that Garou frequenting cities dismiss or avoid areas
where the Gauntlet is thinner and Gaia's natural

features shine through Most truly enjoy parks and
small stands of woods. They simply don't feel Gaia's
presence recede from urban settings so keenly as do
others of their kind. Storytellers whose troupes are
xd associated can concentrate on good
general descriptions of the setting without the need to

80 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

——

Sa ny,


charactert

¢ it as threatening, frightening and alien
you can save those aspects for the truly
obviously sick, damaged orcorrupted things
such Garou may encounter

The hy at Vumbog Cound

Of course, to some werewolves, the city is not a
to be shunned or cherished — it's simply a
y for the hunt. If your game emphasizes the
horror aspects of roleplaying werewolves, you may
‘want (o portray the eity as an urban labyrinth teeming
with prey. Even if the characters limit their predation
to "enemies of Gaia," the city environment offers a
multitude of potential victims... ab, targets: Drug
pushers, corrupt policemen, violentstreet gangs, sexual
predators, paid leg-breakers, pimps and arms dealers
and arsonists — the pack could hunt a different target
cach week and notsce a fomor, vampire or Black Spiral
Dancer for a year. (Of course, even though such
restraint is feasible, it might not be preferable...)
Although werewolves are not as susceptible to
their huncing instincts as vampire pellet mE

want to borrowa few pages from the average Vampire
chronicle and ar least throw tempration in the players"

paths once or twice, Ifa werewolf shifts into Crinos in
the middle of a crowd, the stampede of panicked
humans might tugat the lupine instinct to chase down
fleeing prey. he thick smell of musk and sweat at a
dance club might cause a hungry Garou's stomach to
rumble; afterall, instinet knows no Litany. Andale
though wolves don't hunc for sport, Beople do — and
for werewolves, being: half Hise cline are, the
appeal of stalking an enemy (or even a normal by
stander) through the hostile urban environment might
strikeachord. Try teasing the chatacters‘instinctsjust
abit; after all, they don't have to decide that their
characters succumb, but one of the:inost powerful
clements of a werewolf story is the idea of a beast in
human form that classifies humans as potential prey,
jus like cactle or deet. Te would be a shame to ignore
such a vivid image, wouldn'e it?

Leser}phions of te Oy

Because some of your players charactersmay come
from rural areas and others from urban settings, it isn't
always easy to give each an equally ageurate picture of
what he ise ntliow, i just it fair wo
say (0 the rural crowd, "You enter a seething den of

ruption, penetrating whatseems a darkened bowel
luridly lie with hellish sed light. A recking, squirming
mass of writhing bodies gyrate wildly in the fetid,
simoky air, emitting scents of rotting grain and desper-
ate sexi while turning to the urban crowd
and saying, "It's a dance clubs" Just because they're

rs Ae PEE LN me

used to it doesn't mean the city characters should be
shorted. They have the same senses as their country
counterpartsand since they aren't distracted by what's
already familiar to them. they may ly pick
more chies — or more subtle ones — than their shell
shocked cousins might. While the a

the assault o
exterminated, the locals may notice the actual fomori
moving through the crowd and get first crack at them.
In this case, you also wouldn't simply tell the charac

their senses, tryi
ced they all need tw be

ters, "You notice the fommori," but would perhaps say
something like, "Your rural visitorsseem overwhelmed
by the sights and sounds common to the Furies, a local
dance club notorious for the number of women who
disappear after a night's dancing. You note — and
dismiss — most of the couples and trios grinding
together co the pulsating bear. What catches your eye:
against the backdrop of crimson-tinged lamps are the
three shapes moving through the dancers like sharks
<iteling blood -soaked prey."

Whatever description you give should be both
evocative and factual at the same time. If you're simply
reporting whar's there, you're missing the opportunity
toemphasize the mood you want orto subtly guide the

characters in the direction you want them tc
the difference herweon relli

atall the amazingly tall buildings and know you're in
the Weaver's clutches." Anstead, try to picture how

such asetting would unnerve you if you'd never seen it
and knew it was considered enemy territory
that to color your description. Then you mi
plain, "Thousands of soulless eyes glare down on you
from the glass and stecl towers that surround you on all
sides like a limitless maze. The Weaver's sterile chil
dren loom overhead and crowd around you is though
awaiting the signal to.grasp you in their gaping
and suck you in.

‘The main trap Storytellers fall
istryingtotell theplayershow thei
rather than using emotionally ch:
them draw their own conclusions and decide how they
feel forthemselves. Thisis ust as dangerous practice in
an utban environment, if not moreso

nd se

actersare feeling,
words and letting

force that opinion on your players. If you're
"You feel chilled by the sight of the
we denying the chara
ion they would Hormally experience, Maybesome of
n aren't at all chilled by what chey see. Though the
circumstances leading up to the starement aren't ex-
plained, it's entirely pessible that some of the characters
feel relieved to have their worst fears confirmed. Others

Chapter Two: The Battlefield 81

SO re ee a rs rene aR

|


E
|

may be sad that they failed to prevent such a thing, while
suill others may be angry to have missed the battle. Ifyou
‘want your players (and the characters) to fee somethin
you're going to have to lure them into it through your
presentation. You can't say, "You experience revukion

when..." but an state, "The clotted mass blocking
the sewer grating writhes with crawling maggots..." and

st of all the words youe
like horror, b

like honor, loyalty, cowardice
listin your portrayals to
players' imaginations, Consider how different types of
words make you feel. Words carry emotional charges
and can be used to convey negative or positive feelings
and even ereate associative images in people's minds
Good Storytellers know how to: these kinds of
words an use them when they eraft a tale, sprinkling
them through the telling at important junctures.
What sounds make you feel secure? Which ones
make you feel nervous? Play © that in your game by
using sound effects tapes or nature sounds CDs. Try
jackingupthe volume on really highenerey musiewhen
youtake the characters into cla
try totalk overit. This sal

should also re

ismore than visual, Dampen that Crinos' character's fur
with depictions of pouring rain or a dank fog (we don't
recommend actually dousing them with water; it tends
to annoy the players). Talkup the scents or flavors the
characters would notice. Irs been said that just men-
tioning certain scents is enough totriggersensememory
ofthemandcall forth memoriesof a time when person
experienced that aroma. When describing a place or
thing, think what scents might be presentand use them
to heighten the reality of your narrative. If they touch
something, is it smooth, eorroded, slimy, cold? They
may need to know that. Think about what colors or
sounds make you feel safe or er
excitement. Look up odd, evocs

te nerwoUsES «
ive words ina dictio-
nary oF thesourus and sprinkle them into your descrip
tive portraits. While pictures ean help, it's hard to find
photos that depict exactly what you need. So mostly
what your players have to depend on to envision the
setting are your words. Don't waste them.

tage Eatin

1g primed you to choose each word with the
cacofenet inno need torakea moment tosiy
exactly the opposite. All the detail and evocative
wordplay should be used only to highlight really im

~ortant points, anda little goesa long way. You're here
¢ the players in ashared story, afterall. not to

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

performa tourde force of your pithy prose. Ifevery step
the characters take is described in lovingly crafted
detail, the players will never get a word in, much les
haveanything to actually do or initi
initial idea and reiterate the point from time to time.
Save your best words for major encounters

Iesfine to let the setting become the background
against which the story isplayed out. In real life, we pay
attention tosome things that wetind important orthat

catch our attention while ignoring thousands of dis

ractionsevery day. InStorytelling, weneed togive the
story room to move and evolve. We do that by taking
shortcuts. Once you've established a general descrip

tion that pigues the players' interest, they'll continue
playing to that until you give them something ele to
react to, Itgives them roleplaying clues they can hang
their hats on and players are great at running with
whatever they're given and even taking ita few steps
beyond the original. They'll fill in theirown details. If
for example, you've shown them the tawdriness of the
[poorer sections of town, then simply say, "You move
down the dank, garbage-strewn alleyway," they'll pic

ture the urine patches, broken glass and used condoms
themselves. Some may even ask for additional details,
like inquiring if there's a dumpster there or if any
homeless people use the space for sleeping. So feel free
background will take care of itself

Setting at Metgphor

You're already trying to evoke a sense of mood
with the words you use to describe the city, 0 you mi
aswell use them to outline your theme too. Dozens of
aspects of the city lend themselves to good themes for
city-based stories anyway. Think af the decay mast
Cities experience. Neighborhoods abandoned by all
but junkies and whores, broken down stripped cars,
graffiti smeared along the walls, jumbled and broken
b ling ruins in overgrown, trash littered lots all call

n the action, The

to mind the decay and soul-sickness Garou can experi-
ence in response to the city's atmosphere or 10 an
‘encounter gone very wrong. If your theme cancers
truth versus apes the masksevenoth jou

lity of the city can
mirror this, Concrete and asphalt take the place of
stoneand ditt, Plants cen inside a restaurant through
a windaw on closer inspection turn out to be replicas
ing story abo

lure ofthe forbidden? What better place existsto
portray that theme than the seductive, taboo city? If
your troupe is into the truly dramatic or has gone
through prior stories that have left them feeling
wretched and empty inside, bring dhean to the ci
Show them how the crowded space, lack of privacy and

wear, emphas


tedious, repetitive jobs most people endure combine
with governmental control and the depersonaliz
and callous indifference that characterizes large urban
areas speaks to the characters' feelings of loneliness
and worthlessness. Consider how violent and perverse
city life is. The Garou are used to being the baddest
rmuthas around. Show them how relatively tame they
are with gang wa nd corrorist bombings. Let them
witness children murdering other children in a school
dorwatch as a hate group bums a church or synagogue
Present them with a serial killer. At least the vile
the Garou unleash seems to have a point and occur

n

serve a good cause. Still, making the characters con-
sider their use of excessive violence gets a boost from
‘witnessing the insanity that prevails within the city.

Why Garou Loafte the Ofy

To creatures who spend their time defenaing the
natural work! from the Weaver'sand the Wyrm
sions, the city seems like the most loathsc
deadening cespool imavinable. The Wyld occupies only
tiny faction ofthis landscape. Most of Gaia's defenders
finditditiculrrothinkeoherenely orevenbbreathe inthis
domain where the Weaver nulesall excepethe places the
‘Wyrm has wrapped in its cols of decay.

The Weatwr} Lower

Until they enter a large urban area, few
even realize the power the Weaver holds. They 2
used to fighting the Wyrm and seeing its minions as
theirmain foesthat Garouhandly considerthe Weaver's
sworks as anything more than an inconvenience
blot on Gaia's creation. Then they come ro the
and encounter the endless, looming buildings. The
sheer immensity of the skyscrapers, their overwhelm-
ing presence towering above the Garou, brings home
the incredible power of the Weaver to such a degree
hat some werewolves surrender to despair. The Pen-
" Js with webs and Pattern Spiders. On both
sides of the Gaunclet, the Weaver's works are inescap-
able. Even those Garou that don't feel cowed, experi
encea sense of uneasiness that leaves them vulnerable
es and overlooking vital clucs. If
ng else, Garou hate to feel weak for any reason.

Tho Nyt Blight

Thongh rhe Weaver's strength is undeniable, the
‘Wyrm occupies most areas of the city. From the filthiest
slums to the most elaborate, yet comrupe, corporate
headquarters, its coils writhe throughout the city. The
that characterize the city. Prost . the prolifer
feild pornography, rape and torture-deaths
the most ol US, ut, attuned to the Wy

 soul-

s pres
juste they do the Weaver

ar emrreseren reeeN

Chapter Two: The Battlefield

CES ES A TON

Constantly surrounded by the enemy, with few places to
which they can retreat for renewal of their energies,

many werewolves go berserk. Even those

arou that
11 city dwellers as creatures of the Wyrm. Junk-
ies, winos and other down-and-out victims reek of the
Wynn's taint, while gangs, dealers, corrupt cops and
hate mongers spew forth the Wyrm's corrupt ver

‘These gets of Garou Rage, be
hhuman that scems even mome
ward corruption might fi
werewolf in Crinus. Tho

nates might
suffer for only a moment, the werewolf' fall continues
unabated. Many Garou, trapped within the city, still
need an outlet for their natural tendency to hunt
Lacking other prey, they tun to hunting humans, with
some ofthe moredesperate even falling intothe practice
of feeding on humans, laying themselves open to be-
coming the creatures of the Wyrm they once battled.
And once they've descended that far, making their way
hack is almost impossible — if they e
Other Garou, encountering the
descroy them, further weakening their race
Gaia with ever fewer defenders

Why Garou Love fhe Oy

Despite the sterearype of Garou as raging eco
warriors wholly devoted to defending the Wyld and
Gaia's creation from the Wyrm's corruption and the
Weav sessive Constructions, some werewolves
fallin love with thecity. Rather than vecing

1 care t0 tty.
ts

a trap or a blight upon the land, these Garou think of
itas either "home" or an unparalleled opportunity

A Spivitued Comedtion
Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers need no excuse

toembra
ratherth

the city. Some sce the Weaver as theirally
nafoe. They understa
using the technolo ra
‘enemies, Garou who do so have
congress with city spi
command the We

the Weaver's use as

able to them
against th

some
and are able to work with and
's minions. There also exists
another spiritual link than many Glass Walkers
Because they feel such closeness with the spirit of the
city, they act asits protector and ate, in tum, protected
by it to some degree. Some come to believe that the
city isa more spiritual place than any wilderness area;
after all,so many humans' hopes and dreamsare tied up
inacity that great things are just waiting tobe born. To
these Garou, city spirits may become pack totems. The
Bone Gnawers in particular are keenly aware that the
Wyld can be strong well within the most urban envi-

ronments; some places are rich with the Wyld's ener
sies, despite the concrete all around.

83


A

Abynsant Opportanity

phan Pidtternt:
The Pensmbrd Ayseape
hota Coautng the Ge
e ) which a Garou can enter the &
th of the ne


eel her char
‘what would come so easil

1s strugale just to do
a wilderness setting. The
difference between the pristine Umbra near Darien's
eae and the disn
more real and sets the tone for the encountersto.come.

The Neatwr} Domat: Urban Conthrvicte

Once in the urhan Umbra, Garou find themselves in
the work! as envisioned by the Weaver. Pattern spiders
seurty busily from place to pkice on unfathomable er
rands. Everywhere, the hum of machine spirits provides
A.constant drone painful to the sensitive cas of Garou in
Lupus or Crinas form. Dark shadowy forms indicate the
presence of buildings, dead matter chat intrudes on the
spinie world. The colorsthat dominate the landscape tena
‘toward neutral, dull tones — various shades of grays, dull
greens, brownsand blacks. Though founddin nature, these
‘colors in the cityscape seem like perversions of the hues
found in tree ves, sky and earth.

And don't forget the webs. The Weaver's mark
blankets the urban Umbra like a cloying film of static.
Besides providing a graphic visual reminder of the
Weaver'spresence, websalso possesstactile propertics.
Thick ropy webs act like heavy vines, tripping up
Garou who try co pass them, lashing our to grab arms
and legs. Thin cobwebs cling to the skin, c
and noses and providing a constant irritation.
tellersmay allow Garou toreplenish some or
Rage from sheer frustration at dealing with the perva
sive presence of the Weaver's toys and creations.
Where the Myra Firns: Unlea Bellt

The Weaver's cold immobility pales in comparison
tothe rue horror that lies dep within the urban Umbra
Placesexist within the city where the Weaver's sway his
given way to the tyranny of the Wyrm. Crack houses,
Pentexotlicefactoriestharproduce Wyrm-taintexd goods,
ahandoned buiklings that provide homes for clutches of
fomori all fil the city with the stench of corruption.

I spirit world of the eiry

Garou should feel the hopelessness and despair that
‘emanate from these hubs of Wyrm activity. Describe the
dasknessandoilinessof Wyrmn-taint, che fet odors that
cluster near these foul centers. Wyrm creatures and
Baneshaunt these places where the Wyrm's control has
overtaken the Weaver's careful constructions.

Pockste of Hope: The Orhan Myf

Despite the sometimes-overwhelming presence of
the Weaver andthe Wyrm, the Wyldexistseven inthe
most alienated of cites. Parks, nature preserves and
soos that make use of environmental habitats provide
Anccessary relief for Garou. The Umbra in these places
should reflect the relative freedom from restraint and
cortuption they offer in the physical world.

I

The Customary Of the Miypw Narving

Players who rely too heavily on the Sense
be killed" and "nor evil and should be protected"
are SOL in the city. Wyrm-taint is a pervasive
spiritual force, and it clings to victims as well as
thou

gh certainly not everyone in a city is going to
smell of the Wyrm, using Sense Wyrm in any
crowded area will probably register. multiple in
scances of taint. In a nightclub, that taint might
belong to a few frat boy date rapists, the bouncer
who augments his bulk with Magadon "nutri
cional supplements," the young lady whouninten-
tionally sipped a little vampire blood during her
"hot date" last night, the drunk who's attracted
the attention of a tiny Bane of despair, the ha
bitual drug user on the dance floor, the "special"
bottle of Kingspirits beliind thebar, and yes—any
fomori that mighthe presents How does the Garou
discem which instances of taint are direct threat,
which need slightly less i
which are probably beneath his notice?

He useshis head, ike

to survive in the city does,

werewolfwho wants

Dou'c make it wv easy on your players, Give
them the evidence to make them realize that they
ced to pay attention ¢o their surroundings, the
better to recogniss
them. Show thi

eand prioritize the threats facing
n that the city is the ideal envi
ronment for che spread of Wyrm-taint, and that
they can't rely on Sense Wyrm alone for that very
reason. The Garou didn't survive two Wars of
and millennia of battle against che Wyrm.
because they attacked everything that smelled
funny — they survived because they're wolves,
and wolves know how to hunt.

xes to highlight the differ
an Wyld pockets and the
yyrm and Weaver. Think
adesert or coming
len hicklen behind ahigh wall. Describe the
Umbra ofa city park in terms that portray itasa respite
Gom the onslaught of the Weaver and the Wyrm.
Beleagucred Wyld spirits cluster in these havens, fear
ful of treading too far afickd. Garou should find a few
allies in these spirits.

Lope in the hy

Wolf-bor Garo
Themostextreme of th

ences henween the exotic u
rovinces of

find cities almost unbearable
refuse toenter cities of their

Chapter Two: The Battlefield 85

CSS ETD AY EY

ee Serre ee ET RET ATLA,


|

ne AZ

own accord. Unfortunately, the war isn't going so well
that a pack can always choose their battleground
Lupus have to make do in the city just as the other
breeds do— but there they face problemsall their own,
torytellersshould nor hesitate to use the plight of the
lupusGarouto flesh out andadddepth coher chronicle

Avimal Coutroh
Lupus G.

fortable ones toassu

nd their birth forms the most com-
e. Fewh
City life, however, does not
als that run around without human "own:
ers." Lupus Garou on their own can attract unwanted
attet rom the auth

uswillingly spend alot

of time in human fo
favor ant

Dogcatchers, known in the modern world as ani
mal control agents, answer reports that "wild anim
are roaming the streets. When Garou in Lupus ot
Crinos form confront fomori or Black Spiral Ds
orLeechesor anyofthe other anta heensuing
conflict usually leaves behind a dettitus of blood and
pieces of flesh. To the unsuspecting mortals who come
across the aftermath, of such a battle, these effects
indicate the presence of a pack of wikl — probably
rabid — dogs. Most Garou can elude normal proc
dures, wed by animal control officets.. Tranguilizer
dlarts respond to the ultra-healing properties of Garou.
while most nets or craps provide only minimal ob-
stacles to lupus Garou.

Not all animal control agencies serve the best
interests of humanity. Pentex has trained groups of elite
"dogcatchers" to look for the telltale signs of
interference. These experienced agents come equipped
with silver bullets, dart guns loaded with Wyrm
nd other devices tailored to capturing Garou.
Zour

Zoos provide both good and bad encounters for

Garou. On one hand, they usually contain at least some
na ming vegetation and the best 200s — ones
that employ habitar-based environments rather than
— just might offer Garou a rare chance toreplen-
ish Gnosis, a commodity hard to come by in an urban
setting. Occasionally, Garou end up as prisoners in 200s
and trouble usually comes calling shortly thereafter
few lupus Garou don't understand the purpose of

z00s and sce only places where creatures of the wild
Janguish in captivity. Homid pack members sometimes
find themselves forced to restrain their lupus compan:

ions' desires to liberate all the animals in the local zoo.
hy orig

Stories that take place in an urban environment
deal with different manifestations of the eternal battle
ou and the enemies of Gaia. While

between the G:

8

—9jnonnm

Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers may understand and
appreciate the many faces of city life, most Gar
cities unpleasant acbest, downright evil at worst, Story-
tellers can use this ambivalens
designing stories set against the
the initial culture shock as the
nessarrive in the bigcity tothe eventual discovery ofthe
true horror that lies concealed beneath the streets of the
metropolis, city stories provide Storytellers anal players
with a constant barrage of challenges

Country Couns Come fo Tenn

The hardest parcoftellingeity stories may occurat
the beginning. Why should your pack of Garou come
to the city in the first place? Finding a convincing
reason to bring the charactets to town can provide a
challenge for Storytellers. Depending on how long
your want your characters to remain in the urban
environment, you might want to considersome of the
following reasons to bring wilderness-based Garou to
the land of skyscrapers and cobwebs.

* Born to Be Wild — An inner city teenager his
justundergone her First Change. The characters' pack
receives a summons from a spirit, asking them to go
into the city and bring out the new pup;or perhaps the
cubis froma bloodline tied to a tribe with no members
currently living in the city. Once the pack arrives,
however, things may not be as simple as they seem.

* Call for Help — If the pack has contacts among
the Glass Walkers or Bone Gnawers, one of these
werewolves may request outsi
problem they can't handle on their own, Of course,
they probably don't admit the seriousness of the prob:
lem or that they have any trouble at all. They may
simply call in a favor.

* Following a Trail — The pack defeats a group of
Black Spiral Dancers but a few members escape to the
city. The Garou must travel there to track their enemies
down, where they discover that the Dancers have their
© the urban env
— The pack discovers that some
lupusKinfolk have fallen into the clutches of an urban
exotic animal collector and must go to the city to
locate and rescue them,

‘* Umbral Accident — The pack makes mistake
traveling rhri
the center of the city instead of ata distant cacn
is particularly appropriate if the pack tries to
the Weaver's webs.

Surrounded ov Aff Sidet

Onee the characters have arrived in the city, you

need ro immerse them immediately in the sights and
han, women

ro. geod purpose in
an backd

onment

Joep wit

This

sounds, scents and flavors of the

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Ty,


Lupus or metis Garou, accustomed to living in the
wilderness or within the confines of a rural sepe, should
experience the impact as a shock to their system, De-
seribe the hlare of automobile hors, the ceaccloss
background noise of traffic and machinery, the sight:
obscuriny haze from pollution, the reek of factory smoke
ang car fumes, the wail of sirens and the overpowering
press of hun ‘crowded together in an unhealthy land
ofnarrow concrete streetsandtoweringbuildings. Homid
Garou should also feel beset by these sensations, but
they may also feel twinges of guilt for their human
xds, or a shade more sympathy for the

this oppressive environment

ly Cncounters

‘Now thar you've gotten your characters to town,
what are you going to do with them? What sort of
trouble lurks around the comer and down the alley ot
for your pack to stun
The suggestions presented he
searting place for yo
* Affairs of the Heart — On
fallsin love with a city gil and asks you to accompany
hum on a journey to convince her to leave her urban
lifeand move toasmallertown. When youarriveather
apartment, however, she is gone and the scentof blood
is strong in the air.
© Challenge — In onder to achieve a new Rank,
cone of your pack must enter the city and live there for
ainonth. During that time he must achieve a series of
tasksthat include creatingaferish containing an uchan
spirit and discovering the location of a secret Black
Spiral Dancer Hive
* Diplomacy, Garou Style — A pack of Glass
‘Walkers wish to end their long-standing fed with a
rival group of Shadow Lords. Each pack elaims the
same territory within the city. Your pack, as outsiders,
has the joyous task of arbitrating the peace talks and
preventing them from devolving into camage. In the
meantime, a third party wants tosee the feuxl continue
+ Hunting for Cadavers —A group ofRed Talons
has made a foray into the city, determined to ri it of
all traces of vampiric influences. They have not re-
tumed and your pack has to find out why, even if it
means talk

should give you a

‘own ideas.

the walking corpses.

t Large — A former member of your
sepe has succumbed to the wiles of a mage who has
lured him co the city for her own unsavory purposes.
Though the rene

need to prevent hi
pursuing his foolhardy course of
you need to find him.

as ANOLE PY

* Still Waters Run
he river that
and the cat

ep — Something is pollut
uns through your protected territory

¢ lies somewhere within the city. The pack

ry to discover who or what
is fouling the waters and stop the problem

its root.

Velervatt avd Werenoff

Werewolf isa
andhalfnatucespirit,cre service anddefense
‘of Gaia, the spiritofthe workdandall that ivesin it. Half
animal, hey are forevercreaturesof the wild,even when
they walk the paved streets of the Wy! nted mod:
em world. Only the Weaver-trapped Glass Walkersare
uncomfortable in the wildemess. Yet many Werewolf
Storytellers will be considerably less comfortable with
the topic than the characters they portray. Thissection
is written to serve as an aid to Storytellers in setting
stories in the wild, It covers primarily the sort of envi
ronments that Werewolf characters are likely ro find
hemselves in

beasts, half mortal

woods, mountains and the hor deserts
of the American Southwest

A Sed Disclaimer
This section of the Werewolf Storytellers
Handbook is an incredibly abbreviated summary

tion about wilderness su

sort of crash course in the topic so Story
tellers won't be totally at sea trying to set a game
in the wild. For those who hadn't already fig
this out: Please, don't ry to use this to really
it in the wild. There are a number of exceller
survival guides available (the United States A
Force survival manual is particularly good for
covering all the basics in a simple and very read:
able fashion). Use one of them, or better yet,

several different ones and a lot of advice from
someone who hasdone itbefo
amiserable death tryingto be Gi
don't know how

More likely, you will make d
teers risk their lives and fo

Youcan really die
ly Adamsif you

"e the govemment to
waste tens or hundreds of thou
find y

id of dollars to
nd retrieve your soaked, hungry self fro
the middle of nowhere. This disclaimer isn't just
for your protection and watchi
Tegal back
out to "rough it" and needs rescuing, it encourages
legislatures and park services to consider regula.
tions thar restrict access to wildemess areas and

every time some clueless goof goes

Timit the enjoyment of people who actually know
whar they're doing. Don't be That Guy.

Chapter Two: The Battlefield 87

SRE EE, TE SAR FO ERR

|


|

The truth about the wilderness is this — life is
hard. There isno "dyingof old age" in the woods. Ifyou
arean animal, your lite will almost certai
when somethi

akes you too slow to run and a
predator eats you, of you something makes you too
slow to hunt and you starve. It could be arthritis,
hunger, sickness, or plain old bad luck, but you get off
and that's the end of it

4 Storyteller, you have two major challenges.
the hostile nature of life in the wild
Iyddon'tknow. It'snotthat

to do this, but it's an
absolute must if you want your players to take wikder-
nesssituationsas serious challenges to their characters.
If you can't ger across the fact that the strugele for
survival isquite pressing, and that failure has the direst
cf implications, you'll be hard-pressed to get the play-
ery involved enough toamake it interesting.

Scconily, this is the view of the wildemess that
cepts, burembeaces. The Garou
see nature not as a statie backdrop, but as/an ongoing
systema system of which they area part, and whose haar
ane not meant to be conquetel but eritical features
the Gatou must maintain. The Litany embraces the
ruthless nature of the world, urging the Garou not to
burden the young with the coil of maintaining the ol.
Likewise, the lmpergiur p intervention by the
Garouasa people to prevent humanity'suse of tools from
allowing them te overtum the natural order. Even ifthe
characters have a more modern, idealized version of
nature, the vision of

ature as a ruthless and entirely
necessary struggle is the social context for a character
ised as part of the Garou Nation,

What the WWiternes Offert

The wildernessisa perfectly viable venue forst
about the Garou — and given the tone and subject
matter of Werewolf, i's probably best described as the
primary venue, Asa venue, it has strengths and w
nesses, and rewards certain approaches.

The wild'sstrength isthe fact that itisahardplace,
and one th skill set which most
Garou posseses in abundance. Outin the woods or up
in the mou ters are cut off from all the
benefits of a consumer society. They can only have
what they can carry, and if they don'e have it with
them, there's no real running off to get it. Characters
are also cut off from the benefits of the information
society, Cellphone coverage is limited at best; data
transfer rates are atrocious even when characters can
achieve link. There is no instantly calling in allies or

rewards a cer

ns chi

looking up the answers on
8

a

ee ee

stacked for a Storyteller who wants to make the char-
acters operate on wit and careful preplanning, and not
con their ability to use their Resources to conjure up a
solution to the problem.

Ar the same time, while they are cut off from
technology, they are also in their natural environ-
‘ment. Though theymay not have manmade tools, they
have the tools that narure gave the wolf, Where mere
humans are unable
sniff out edibles or hu
have tw worry about expos.
endure even the harshest conditio
much more easily. Where humans often find the
wiklemess tough going, cha
footed quadruped shape with a body form thar makes
h dense underbrush easy, This ts one of
the great strengths of the Garou, They have all the
natural tools of awild beast, and all the man-made
wonders and intellect of the human race. This is your
chance to highlight the true strength of the Garou's
dual nature. Notonly are they achome in the concrete
jungle of human society, they are also at home in the
nature's jungle aswell. Take time in che wild to show
how effective those natural tools are, and to highlight
how the skinchanging of the Garou is more than just
the ability ro assume a war form, but also to gain an
entirely new set of strengths that complement rhase of
humanity Confront the characters with challenges
thar would be impossible for normal humans, bur that
are a snap for them with their wolf forms. Have them
purwed by trackers who d opeers and
thermal vision rigsand every other improbable piece of
technology, and then let the characters run. rings
around their opponents.

‘Wilderness adventures also serve as an excellent
‘opportunity for intra-pack bonding and roleplay.Cha
acters in the wild will have only one another for
company, and teamwork is ctitical to any sort of
wildemess endeavor. People who take long backpack-
ing trips together get tw know each other very well
indeed. Adventures like this area time for forming
affirming bonds of friendship and respect a
members of the pack. Animosities may be
or fanned to open hostilities, and care and respect
blossom into forbidden love:
ting members of the pack to roleplay c
sin

icters can assume a fleet

't have hel

easily set up
ons where the charactersare compelled tointet-
act. Face the characters with a challenge in one scene,
and then sct the next scene as the characters sitting
around their camp or temporary den talking about the
sit

on they just overcame. You can even just take
two characters and say ¢

while performing a task

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

——— aa yy,

|


together, they have on, and then tum co
the players ar
playersare used to roleplaying, they probably take to it

well, bue you

conversat

enced players to roleplay. Setup the circumstances, let
them perform a few acts to lead into the conversation,
and then indicate they should talk. If ie works, you'll
gctonc-on-one interaction. Don't pressure the players

beyond the necessary nudges — if the conversation
isn't going to catch, it isn't going to catch, and some
times a halting conversation is the kind that really
should occur. Keep alert, and when it ends, cur grace-
fully to the next scene. As a bit of additional advice,
don't make it so that Bob and Joe talk, then Joe and
Jane alk, then Jane and Bob talk. That's patently
contrived and feels more like a scheduled rap session
a eplaying. It's okay tw have everyone
interact, but try co make itseem naturalistic and break
it up with action or group roleplay.

The bonding is equally easy to inject — there's a
reason that wilderness experiences are used as. way to
teach troubled youths teamwork. There are countless
sinarions where several characters will i@edl to work
together. Anything from clearinga rockslide to climb-
ing a cliff to fording a river. Even dividing up and
accomplishing the day-to-day chores is accomplish-
ment when you're living our of a muckeack. Present
problems that the characters can't solve alone, force
the players todevise solutionsin character, and then let
them carry the plan our. Use all of the crazy "group
elfore" and "helpers" rules frou tie Systems chapter of
the Werewolf book, and genuinely make overcoming
the obstacle as a group into an important and reward:
ing challenge in the game. Make the characters work
and plan together, and they'll soon develop the sort of
bonds that are supposed to typify Garou packs.

Welervat Concernt

Ac the same time that the wiklemess can provide
lots of story hooks an has strengths that a Storyteller
can exploit, ther
here, and pitfalls worth a

Thefirst obstacle is that unless you've done ita lot

are also sses fo a story set

voiding.

before, you're probably not experienced with describ:
ing wilderness situations inan exciting fashion. Before
time, or run a number of short one-or-two scene
outdoor situations to get the feel of i. Try to learn to
describe static challenges in an exciting way. Read
done. Scout locations — go out in the woods or up into
the mountains and look at the kind of potential ob-
stacles a party might face. How could they bypass

Chapter Two: The Battlefield

CS a arene

INN es:

them? What are some valid ways to att

k the obs

! What you're looking todo isg

and overcome

situationanaturalistic feel. Ifyoudon't describe it well
and make it feel like a genuine obstacle or a real
problem, it's really just going to be you calling for
Dexterity + Athletics ora Wits + Survival roll, and the
players trying to roll enough successes. Don't be afraid
touse thedice, but iulls should be used (o determine i
the characters are able to carry out the solution they
devise, rather than being something you determine
ahead of time. If it's justa matter of making a bunch of
predetermined Ability tests, the players could have
stayed at home, be

with just

you could run the adventure
ind the ch
Also, one of the most effective thi
wilderness asa sett;
becomes an enemy, it is
implacable. Ie doesn't even
killing you. Bur atthe same time, people don't come to
roleplaying games to be killed by impersonal forces
beyond their ability to influence or control. In trying
to emphasize the harsh, uncaring side of the wilde
ness, ite very easytg'accidentally create
that putsthe charaetersin an unsurvivable situation to
demonstrate that they cannot conquer Mother Na
ture. That's really not the point, that's just a more
slaborate version of the chara opening up their
coat closet and finding a Nexus Cravler w
them. Even ifthe situation is designed to beat up the
characters, make it something more than just a beat
ing. Let them eam or increase Abilities, or
ally, or get something outof the experience. Otherwise

ine dice ter sheets,

ss about the
is that when the environn
wincly terrifying. It is
that i

ee

ing for

ainva spirit

you're just brutalizing the characters under the guise
adding verisimilivude.

Finally, keep in mind that that one of the defining
aspects of being out in the wild isthe inability to get to

anywhere else quickly. This can prove quite trouble-
some ifthe adventure you planned tunsoat tobe duller
than you expected, or the character
for quality time with the snakes
think out
time) the

re clearly not up
nd the bugs. Try to
ead of time how long (in terms of session
Memes trek you're planning on will cake
It's rare gaming group that wants to spend their third
straight game session walking through foothills of the
Rockies. Getasense of how long your groupean tol
ly mundane challenges. Ifthe

ate

an hour, then make
puch longer
in that. Ifit's one or two sessions, then set that as your

it. Besu

sure the wilderness excursions don't |

nderplan a little, because things
dan youexpect,and youdon't
ning back to the next session
for "just one more hour of slogging through the bayou!"
Ake, if you're pre-planning event

want tohave e

yone ¢

ea list of what

89
meray

RO TTP AD TTT YS PATE LOA


encounters or events are must-happer

huxuties, that way ifthings seem to be dra
know what to cut our and wh

speeding things along.

Wpernen Syorhat

The great ourdoors is a natural setting for many
Werewolf stories — hur just what ds. The
list below isa beginning, nota comprehensive catalog
of possibilities. Use it as a catalyst and jumping-off
point for your own work.

Sebitud Retreat

While the wilderness of the
Jerattack and tainted in many placeshy the corrup-

the Wyrm, it is also a holy place, a place of
primal power far greater and fa

to keep when you're

Work! of Darkness is

Noff Viet Mav
Werewolf poses an interesting dilemma to
Garou characters by forcing them to make certain
critical decisions about how they'll be using their
shapeshifting abilities in advance of any wilder-
nes travel. The very small number of items that
can bededicated by a chaeifthe
ipus form to
cover ground quickly, they are very limited im the:
amount of equipment they can carry with them,
Even if they employ the sort of packs designed let

iven Garou me
werewolves plan on using their

clogs haul thei own food on camping trips, modi
form Garou, the amount of supplies they'll be
hauling is minimal. They'll probably have little
more than a few days worth of wolf food, survival
necessities like a knife, compass / GPS, a cell
phone, ping and stakes to
a, and a set of clothes so that
me Homid form, they

fied so that they can be re

needn't risk hypotherma

By the same token, if the Garou plan to take
advantage of the Homi form with its lange carrying
then their ability to use the
ndisseverely limited. While

isstll useful forscoutingorescape,the

capacity and tool-u
Lupusformtocover
thewolfsh
bunten of human gear essentially locks the werewolf
into Homid form, with itsplodding pace and inability
toslip eficiently through undergrowth.

Obviously, there are waysto bypass this incom

patibility —thecharacterseancachesuppliesthiem
andon theireampand moveas Lupus scavenging
as they go. Wh
planning, just like

selves or have others cache the suppli

ever the solution is, it requires
successful wilderness treks.

90

a

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Ic is the body of Gaia and the face of the world, and
wwerewolvesare its creatures. In these increasingly dark
and tumulruous times, they must often find it neces
sary t0 seek shelter and solace in the
forests and mountains that have been haunts of theit
animal cousins since the dawn of time, Not all gather.
ings must be part of the sepe's caern rituals. Alone in
the wild or running with their pock, they can reflect on
whar it is that they're defending, regaining their sense

ms of the great

of purpose and renewing their ties to the land,

Garou may go into the wild simply to rest from
their warring. They may go to find a wolf mate. They
and their packmates may stake out a territory and
defend it as their own — those ( al
lives force them towatd alifeof rootless travel probably
find thistobe immensely satisying. The skin-ch;
may need to seek out the spirit ns of their Gifts,
or to contact spirits strange to them and find new Gifts
for their people, or co seck out a totem for their pack.

Asa Storyteller, such adventures can provide you
with the same break the characters seck
get away fromongoingcontinu
and rachallenge the char
or just allow them all to roleplay freely.

Parables and bomber

Anu it may be that nature presents the Garou with
wisdom unsought. When in the wild, the wolf-men are
‘open to spiritual influences, and those influencesmay well
speak tothem uninvited. A character in the wildmay leary
lessons from nanune as nature intends, net ay they wish.
Doubtless, many of these lessons are simple ones,
andreally nomore than the reassuring touch ofthe wild,
encouraging the Garou to breed while they may, to
accept a death in stride with the natural dw
bond with their packmates, Yer others

achance to
ryand return refreshed,

with simple situations,

ay be more
complex — don't be afraid to make the wiklerness
mystical place. They may be obvious messiges; a stream
speaking directly toa Theurge with Pulse of the Invis-
ible, and telling her the identities of those beings that
have polluted the stream, or a forest conspiring |

arrange for a pack to come upon something that will
teach a lesson. They could be more elaborate, though
Many spirits can provoke
werewolf' the wildemess is entirely lucid, esp

cially if he willingly throws himself into Nature's em-
brace. It could be that a pack experiences. genuine
religious visions at the behest of nature and ancestor-
spirits, or their totem. The characters m
insight from witnessing natural events. Like a marrial
arts master learning new forms, the Garou may come to
understand new strategies from warching a fox stalk 2
pheasant, but the lessons could be far deeper than just
fighting styles. What if a character looks back on a


Those ancestor-spirits are nw longer just a mechanical For Storytellers, a trave particularly a tense

edge; now they're putting the character thr

he reas the chara pursuit orspend weeks

paces. The spirit patrons of the characters' caem

't sneakingclose toa heavily guarded installation — can be
just porencial tive >t an excellent interlude in a chronicle. In this role, they

rveasroleplayin

chance for you to game'swiklemessoverten anals 7

interven

ch

onof you

ffthe track

max t It or espic

wut breakin

ide and tell
Sifration and Coasion

Itisn'eerue thatwe'vemadethe
We've just male it very easy to move

evade pursuit co make a success

by taking them 1

Sirvntal Situations
Finally, characters can be tossed into a situation

some — Kinfolk or even Garou in some sort of traumati

lane crash, a
n an isolated cacrn

ht. Whatever the ¢

Fhe vast majority of Noth situation like an
America is sparsely populated or totally unpopulated. or an attack
While a permanent residence woukl t

extremely narrow corridors.

s "
sojourn in the wild and finds th: problems he faced tion. Thiscan beg Is
Asa Storyteller, this is a chance to have spirits who € to prese he Veil, or approaching ar
would otherwise elements or clue rea whe myone or everyone they meet may be able t
| Jispe hines become active p vur game Jetect their true nature

notice given time, the wilderness ly their wits and what they can gath
detection. W are harsh or the pack

without cross
mindful of

skin-changing relatives,

Chapter Two: The Battlefield o1

RO AO, OE TS PT OE


ne AZ

even serving as a chance (© try out or lear Gifts
without beingtotally overshadowed by the full-blooded
members of the fa

Asa Storyteller, this is achance to put the charac-
ters in a bind and force some quick thinking. They
probably don'e have all their weapons and gear, anxl
they're probably off their home tur. The characters may
be wounded oron the fun, and Glass Wallersand other
urban characters will probably be in an alien workd
Storytellers that feel the pack is drifting into too much,
ofan urbanjcivilized mode might want to throw such a
story at the characters purely for shock value. While
qualified for the challenge, are the Garou really at
home? Are they panicking just because they're off the
asphalt? fe might not be outside the realm of possibility
for a pack's totem or ancestors to arrange such an event
just to get the message across the characters are smart
ndadaptable,they'llliveand learn, ifthe charactersare
inwise and foolish, they'll probably die, and that's one
of the lessons the wikl teaches best.

herman Survie,

This section deals with the necessities of wilder-
ness survival, and provides a brief overview of how
exactly you hack it in the wild. [tis general, butshould
serve to give Storytellers with no woodsy bac
a fairly good understanding of the mech
volved, Although some of this could technically be
construed as "player information," ultimately it's most
impor
parts ©
impor

nt for youas Storytellerto know the important
wilder

survival, co chat you can relate

nt n tothe players that requite it —
or use the ignorance of an over-citified pack against
them. After all, it's much more involving for the
players to learn these techniques over the course of a

dramatic story than to read it out of a hook
Yan

Planning is the number one survival rule. Any
character going into a situation where she and her
‘companions are on their own had better know exactly
what the hell she's doing, and she should know ahead

of time. A wise character preparing for a wilderness
journey will workedout every day's walk ahead of time
witha anac, using the map rofind good
campsite ate travel times, and the almanac
ta determine the start and stop times for the d

travel The stop time is critical —itis very difficult t
set up a camp after sundown. Without the ambient
zlow from streetlights, it
aracters trying to set up a
the pitch dark will quickly
prone (© damaging valuable

ts very dark at night
nt and cook a
id it both exh:

: ——

erous margins for a member of the traveling party
an ankle, or for the group to find that the trail
was washed out a year ago or has become totally
overgrown with blackberry bushes.
Meals should be planned ahead of
attention paid t making sure everyone in the travel
ing party gets the right number of calories forthe sort
vy exercise wilderness travel entails. Water is

with

w: isue. It is heavy, bulky and
indispensable. These facts combine to force traveling
parties torestock their water supplies frequentlysevery
210 3daysat the most. In temperate oF tropi
this generally isn't a problem — it's hard to walk a fall
slay without hitting some sort of running water. In arid
regions, however, the location of water typically dic-
tates the course of travel.

Characters should alo plan for what todo'
injury, including a well-stocked first aid kid and all he
sary fora travoisto haul an injured member of
the group out. Everyone should know how to do all of
the important first aid tasks — it's no good to have the
cone person who's a walking medical dictionary get
knocked unconscious by a falling rock. The first aid kit

party is all Garou, since between Mothe
regeneration there's not much that can keep a werewolf
down, but it's still critical if there are Kinfolle along, or
the Garou wish to present a fagade of normalcy
Characters' plans should include an objectiv
aimless wandering without w what comes
next tsa luxury chat our moder society allurds us. Once
you leave the land of convenience stores andl shopping
amalls, you have to keep your goals in mind and try to
marshal your resources toward them, because those
resources are limited. If you don't spend them well,
ro show for it,
ss you don't have
any food to eat ora place to sleep. Characters who are
traveling towand a destination have reaching the desti-
vas their ultimate goal, and all their plans must
‘on that. Characters stranded in the wildemessdue
accident or other happenstance have their rerum to
civilization asa goal. Even characters who have gone
lemessto liveas hermits have a goa
achieve a sustainable state of living, whete they're
gathe ough food tn balance the amount
they cat, while still having enough time to maintain
their dwelling and adv:

Acid Cold

The second most important rule of survival, be-
yond planning, is to control your temperature, The
human and lupine bodies are both immensely flexible
capable of regula

have nothin
and in the wildemess "nowt

‘out into the

‘other personal projects

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

orem,


perature to allow them to survive in a broad range of
conditions. However, the human body is mostly suited
to fairly warm temperature — anything below 60
ul temperatures below that can cause hypother
In hypothermia, the body loses ster than it
an generate it, until its core temperature drops below
that at which the human body can function. For a
naked human, hyp bea risk at even 50°F.
Hypothermia is characte ere shive
placed by asense of warmness and physical w
the body fails. Ifit remainsuncorrected, the victim will
eventually go into shock and freeze to death.

The remedies to this hazard are simple. First, the
character can move vigorously, which causes his muscles
ro generate heat and warn his body. This is only
effective at relatively warm temperatures, or in conjunc
tion with other forms of protection. Second, the char
actercan remove himself fom the wind. Asa character
radiates heat, it warms the air around him. Since the
amount of heat transferred between two bodies depends
con theie relative temperature, this slows the rate at
which the character's hody loses hear. Wind constantly
pushes new airagainst the character causinghis body co
lose heat quickly. This makes itseem much colder than
itis, and high winds plussubfreezing temperatures are a
combination that can mpidly sap the at
actersexposed toth

ah of char-
m.Characterstrappedin high,cold
winds should seek the shelter of any sort of structure that
function asa windbreak. Huddling also works, and
several characters lulled close wgetlrer can stay warm
by minimizing the amount of surface area any
character exposes to the cok
Third, the character can surround himself with
some sort of materi ‘absorbs his radiated heatand
retains it, rather than lecting it lee into the surtound-
ing air — winter clothing, for example. However
ictic weather gear is not the only effective form of
protection. Anything that breaks the wind and traps
air helps — pine bows sdby atamp,forexample,
will provide some protection. Snow is an excellent
insulator, and the best thing a character
snowstorm can co is burrow her way into.
This shuts out the wind, and the burrow te
can go as high as 50 degrees Fahrenheit, allowing even

ven

ped ina
snowbank.

Ifthe pack'scold weather gearisinadequate forthe
temperature, and they will not go to ground or cannot
goto ground (forexample, if they are stranded on open
ice) then they will almost cercainly die of hypouer-
mia. This will fell even the Garou unless they have
Gifts to protect them from the cold. Their asto
powers of regeneration cannot protect the
the chilling etfects of winter. (In game terms, Garou

ar eraser ree a

The Woff in Winter

Wolves have fur coats, and are well protected
ince winter cold: Arctic wolves ca
temperatures as low as -70 degrees Fahrenhic
though they are a specialized breed. Hypothermia
isn't much of a concem for most ch ters in
Crines, Hispo or Lupus until about -20° to -30° F
at which point most wolves will snare thinking
about huxidling in the snow somewhere. The weak
ness of a wolf' insulation is that, like goose down,
it relies on its fluff to trap air Ifthe wolf becomes
wet, the insulating properties ofits fur are
diminished. A soaked wolf in sub-fre
peratures is an animal in dite straits

ig tem:

who do nothing to defend th
elements start taki wed damage when the
cold gets too intense. This damage should accrue
slowly enough that the players eel that werewolves are
still better off that humans would be in such a situa:
tion, but quickly enough that freezing codeath remains
areal danger; a health level of damage every couple of
hoursspent without sufficient warmth should suffice.)
Characters in cold ©
danger to face — frostbite. While hypothermia comes
from the character
below
of the surface tissue dropping so low that actual damage
‘occurs. This normally occurs in the farthest reaches of
the characters' extremities fist: fingets, toes anid the
like. They'te the farthest away from the character'sbody
core, and their small si a xreat deal of
radiating surface for only asm unt of tissue,
However, this isnot the only place that frostbite can
‘occur, and ch
fronthite effec

nditions also have a second

fe levels, frostbite comes from the temperature

rcters exponed to high winds can suffer
all over their face and other exposed skin
arcas. In its first stages, frostbite is simply numbness and
asensation of cold. As it progresses, permanent circu
tory and neurological damage accrucs — the flesh will
neveragain have full sensation or properblood flow. Very
severe cases involve tissue necrosis — the affected flesh
simply dies, and will rot off, with all the associated health
complications. While frostbite is obviously a minor con-
em for Garou, itisa seriousdanger for Kinfolk andl other
normal mortals expoced to cold

Mohd ! heat

‘Heat is not as great a threat to the human «
as cold. The human body has a phenomenal cooling
system that, if provided with enough water, can sustain it
in the hottest of conditions — unsurprising ina species
that evolved near equatorial Africa. The body secretes

he

water, which evaporates, transfert into the sure

Chapter Two: The Battlefield 93

CL ENE AY EU


|

roundingairmoreefficiently than simpleradiation. Other
than the very ok the very young, the sick and those with
breathing ailments, very few humans need fear death
lents to both hypothermia and frostbite do exist.

The equivalent to hypothern
at prostration. Heat prostration oceurs when the
we clinbs above ie
levelat which herinternal organs function properly It
is most common when the character has no water to

1 is hyperthermia,

drink and thus stopssweating, but can alsooccur when
individuals — especially individuals not acclimatized
thot conditions — exercise in hot weatherand direct
sunlight for long periods. Hyperthermi
‘ous because a stubborn individual can often remain
after the point where she cannot natu-
ecover from the conditic

The first stage of hyperthermia is cc
heat exhaustion, and is typified by a feeling of
light-headedness and by ckammy kin. The vietim wi
thisphase, generally improveif moved into theshadeand
given water, preferably water lightly laced with salt and
called heat stroke, the skin becomes dry, and the victim
will generally not recover naturally, though Mother's

Touch will probably improve him, as will natural rege

very danger

ifhe'stemoved from the light and allowwesl co rest

Normal mortals are generally treated with a warm,
water bath and a saline LV, Vietims that are not treated
properly can die from brain or organ damage, and many
survivors of extreme cases suffer kidney and other renal
systemproblemsafterwards, Whilewerewolvesareresilient
enough to recover from the systemic damage, they are stil
vulnerable wo overheating, fainting and even death if they
abuse themselves enough that they hecome dehydrated
and fall un

scious of sun poisoning too far from water
am is the heat-related equivalent of frost
bite. This occurs when the skin is exposed to direct
ded periods. Rad
lamages the tissue ber
nn the severity, sun
ible to life threats
slowly, sunburn isan actual
All humans naturally secrete askin pigment with
radiation-blocking prop
inganwunts

penetrates
ih it. Depend
nge from mildly

although it occurs

—in vary-
aot the character'sethnic
extraction. Some solar radiation exposure

fora healthy metabolic process, so human gr
have adapted to cold, dark environments often have
relatively low level of melanin compared to the norm.
forthe species. These subgroups — fr
Garou are descended a

most susceptible to
bum. All humans will secrete additional melanin to

a

ee ee

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

block radiation as an automatic reflex if they're ex-
posed to sunlight, but this process is slow and cannot
prevent immediate burns. Contrary to popuilar my.
thology, however dark your sk you can still suffer
sunbum — the threshold for injury is simply higher:
Characters in sunny conditions should cover as much
of their skin as possible. If disease-carrying insects are
not a threat, light-skinned characters in very hot
conditions will probably wane to adope a program af
progressive exposure to darken their skin and allow
them to n the amount of clothing they wear,

than skin covered in cloth. G:
sunbume can of course simply re

Protection from heat is generally easier than pro-
tection from cold. The characters should avoid diect
sunlight,avoid heavy exercise during the hottest hours
‘ofthe day (typically the period from 1 p.m. to 4 pan.)
and drink plenty of water. Itisonly when they begin to
violate chese rules that they run a serious risk of injury
from hear — the human body is just that good at
dissipating heat. Unlessthe characters ignore the basic
mules of har wearher survival or end np stranded on the
floorof Death Valleyorsomeother far, shadeless plain
in high summer, survival is probably assured

Say Deg

Ur iscritical that characters in the wild attempt to
avoid getting wet, at le sort of cool-to-cold
terrain that wolves favor. This seems ike a relatively
ctually quite important. A wet
person is effectively covered in a torrent of iey-cold
sweat, leaching their heat away. Even after the immer-
sion is over, wet clothing transmits heat efficiently,
speedingthe onsecofhypothermia. A character caught
indriv acute hypother-
mia,or beso weakened by the experience she dev
pneumoni 7
obvious solution i to find shelter from r
larly cold blustery rain. Characters that have been
soaked should attempt to dey off and dey che elotes
as best as possible as soon as possible

The second reason to stay dry is trench fo0t
Human cisue isn'e entirely waterproof — when you
expose it ro water long enough, it softens, boats, and
eventually splits. Obviously, boots are che worst cul-
pits for retaining water (hence the ailment's name)
but damp cloth rubbing against any vissue can eause
very serious chafing injuries,

nerate the damage

In the case of tmic immersian, however, the fost
tumsblue and becomes covered with blood blistersyall
accompanied by agonizing pain. If treated promptly, it
can generally be reduced, though the character will
certainly suffera loc of fecling and periodic pain in the

inten <4


The Wofftn Simmer

In hot weather, all the phenomenal insulating
properties of te wolls Loat become somethi
liability. I only sweats from its nose, tongue
toepeads, and while the rest of the y
radiate heat, it is insulared:by fur and doesn't have
sweat glands to rase the efficiency of radiation. This
isnot somuchasurvival hazard asa major limitation
oon the animal's activity. While very hot tempera-
turesare rot inereslibly healthy for wolves, they are
not ditectly fatal so long as the wolf has shade anki
‘water: However, ifthe animal indulges in any sort of
strenuous activity for any perio! of risks
hhyperthermia, as its body will be producing heat
quickly asormorequickly thananactivehuman, and
hasafarlessefficientsystem for dumpingit. Seorycll
ersmay wish to begin imposing penalties on Hispo or
Lupus-form characters in exsremely bot conditions
alter as little as ten tums of activity

TheCrinasform islightlybetteradapted, thanks
to its "war form" aspect. A werewolf fighting in
Crinws f heats beoweon che
famace of Rage and theineredible metabolic furnace
that drives regeneration. The Crinos form is thus
«quipped with moresweatglandsthan usual (though
not quite as many asthe humaz Lealy) allowing. t 8
vent off excess heat during or after an intense fight.
Anexhausted Crinosmightbe ina slight lather, like
anoverworked home — which isgood forshort-ten
cooling, but not so great for fighting dehydration.

generate a lor

extremity. This is not unlike the tissue damage caused
hy frosebite, and, as with severe frostbite, there is a
strong tendency toward necrosis. The dead flesh often
becomes

Trench foot isa terrible ailment, and very easy to
catch youslon't take care of your feet — trench foot was
responsible forover 20%of medical evacuationsin World
War 2.'The solution isto change your socks seve
aday. Characters unable todoso should dey the socks
shoes they have thoroughly after an immersion. Chara
ters who do not do so will develop trench foor, and
possibly lose their feet: While a Garou or Fera could heal
thedamage after the episode has passed, it isunlikely that

she can prevent the bloat

Drink Nutor
Characters may

certainly don't want witwoid water. Asmentioned,
waterisboth heavy and bulky. Water weighsahour
intachalf pounds per gallon, and is incompressible
youcan'teasily make itoccupy less volume by press

it. Uniortunately,i'salsothe supply characters ca srcver

Chapter Tw

SS a are

a gallon of water Judes characters
exercising in cold wt without water for
more than wo or at most three days is
faral. People have lived for longer, but there's usually
renal system damage, an brain dan
damage is also quite possible

— streams, ponds and rivers. Gathering itis as simple
as making sure there isn't a dead fish floating nearby
and filling your container up. Surface water quality is
a critical issue — just because
mean it'ssafe to drink. Much «

looks clean doesn't

he water in the wild
is contaminated with natural parasites or contains
minerals poisonous to humans. Waterbome parasites
are nothing to laugh at — they ca

from diarthea (with the consequ
waste of calories from food the character is unable to
digest) to serious long-term organ dan
probably nothing that Mother's Touch can't cu

cause
t dehydration and

This is
bat
it's still a serious inconvenience. In general, running
wat to drink tho
shouldn't drink it unless y<

There are excellent filters and purification kits

able that make drinkingwild watcrsafe, and they're
quite light. Characters should be aware that moern
wount of water, and bring extra filters with them
‘Characters without such advanced kits will have to rely

‘on more traditional methods. Parasites are susceptible
1o builing, but w

is safe still water, but you still

ed to remove its

mineral content. Since stills of any size are bulky, most
‘mineral-contaminated water iseficctively undrinkable
(Characters should also be aware that commercial filters,
like those sold in supermarkets to "purify" residential
water, are typically geared toward removing minerals
that cause water to taste odd, and not actually purifying
it — they are not necess ainst pa

Characters in cold are: omelt snow or
ice for water; Snow is nor good for you to eat in any
ind of volume — you really must mele i first. Char
actersin arid areas maynotbeable tofind surface water
of any sort. It may he possible to dig for water in
"creases" in the terrain (where steep slopes meet a flat
surface) and, of course, the presence of plant growth
indicates water Likewise, seasonal st beds often
carry a year-round shiggish current through the sedi
ment. Characters in arid situations will nonmally te:

quire a solar still to gather enough water to survive.
Such a

ily useful

aay have

ill is little more than a fairly large hole —
bly one dug in damp earth. The hole is filled
with chopped vegetation if any is available ¢
of desert plants work best), and a howl, cup or other
thed container is set at the bottom. The

he Battlefield

roots


per err eer corm earn i arr cr ma ress renee erenreh

le is covered with a sheet of polyeth
ced: Nlextble phasic, with a weight in

pring cone over the cup at

in shines on the still,

se point tsdirect
the hole, The
ur insite up and causing moisture w

and chopped roots
lets: lowsdown the sloped polyethylene, sand drips off

he pontefthe cone anal intothecup. Every mening.
vfter the dew has formed for the day, the character
ty of the polverhslene annd gets the

+ out Itherv's plastic hose available, the char
they're constructing the still, and drink from the

cumulated water whenever he's thirsty. lr's hard te.

ret enough water to drink from. just one still, bat

ever can sustain a character and refill his eanteens
At Sieg
There ane to grocery stores in the midklle of the

wilderness, so anything the characters need tsear mist

they cross. Foraginytor fora isgenerally slower
fairly certain and youdon'e need tocatty food that
Amentca other than above the snoehine and per

theslesertsof the American Southwest, where
mined individual ean't final Ih food tocar, Nowe
the use of "determined" — this wor

ress to et mice, buy

nel wild plant food including
satttrve hark and possibly even grass. A charac

will only eat hinge, abwious food item

an quite
starve, Training and shandbook or good knowledee of
the area in which the charietersate try
ly onlycertai

different plants are edible,
nel

yn fie foragers. Usual

Most foriged food will consist of wild plant foo!
{small animals trapped with snares. Hunting larger
snintals for people traveliny the wiklto}
ic. First, in
ent isquite
wey Worry about

estinia

requitesgunsand bows, Local lawenforce

slert forthissott of thing, not because

axl snipers — most tural Li enforcement profession:

als.aten'e ure that assumes everyone with a

pun nt lumatic. They're alert because

xactly what the
ame. Hunting out of
isallegal, andl every state has tull-time employ
led game wardens, who patrol for illegal hunt:
Je characters in survival situations obviously

Survied Tye

The badly of this section contains the primary
hhelpfil tips thar didn't fit in ckewhere
* Alwayscarryasturdy knifeanda waterproo!

xe key tosuryival. If
nlc wraterpOOt
twenty times

lighter — These two items are

lighter, survival

than if youd rethose tools, you'll
need to make the stone calentss your very
ul theoriginalstonechoppersand firchows
compare tothe 3.000 yearsof refinement

the concept. I there any chance
ack it on your own, have
we much moe likely 10

ive comfortably

fies downstream — Ifyou find
snd follow ic downhill, and keep fol-
he bigger and bigger wat
will eventually find h

fcourses it joins,
ation. This is

Jy foravoiding ewvilization as finding it

= Don't trust what animals cat — Animals,

lybirds,licandsand amphibians,often have
bolic processes and digestive
ws thy nis. Just hecause animals eat
As dest' mean they're safe jor human or

sserewolf consumption; mistletoe is just one ex
tht birds fin! edible hut that

ample of somethin
ed poise
* Rain and watercourses don't mix — Char

acters who camp in or near creckbeds, even "dry"

y find themselves in for unexpected sur

prises Rain twenty orfifty milesa way can suaklenly
swell a placid creek into a torrent, just in time to:
wash away all. your ir
there 3

wceable gear, Likewise,

canyons inv s carved by water
These often have fteen foordiamererrocks
d finnly between the walls at a height of
cwenty feet or her. Think fora second abour the
fact thar thisindicateshow high an hard the water
flows when the gulley fills. You probably don't want
cobe in there when that happens, beeause it isnot
a gralual process. In general, if there's any real risk
of rain, stay away from low-lying area

somewhere probably don't wane to leave an obviously
dresed, obviously poached carcass laying out in the
woods for the wardens to find.

Secondly, hunting is time-intensive, The game
must be stalked and killed. The killing partis quick and
relatively easy for someone with a rifle oF a bow, oF

96 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

iy


werewolves using Hispo form; Garou have many hunt

ing advantages over their wolf and human relatives.
But unless the characters are willing to leaye the bulk
ofakill there to rocand take only a few cuts, the carcass

must be dressed! and the meat prepared. Take some
meat out of your refrigeratorand leave it on the table
Ie doesn't take very long until it
generally inedible. does it? It doesn't
just because you're out in the woods. Characters have
‘day o two tosmoke, slroreaethe meat, with maybe
another day or two after that ifthey're willing to go

ind exploit the tougher canine diges-

into Lupus form
tive system fo stor

or all of their food rather than hunting,
ing takes time and draws attention. In any ease, mox!
al foods generally engineered, have a better
calorie-to-weight ratio than wild food. Meal planning
for characters that don't intend to hunt must focus on
light, high-energy foods — food bars, nuts, chocolate
and fatty meats, Lightness of food is critical for wilder
ness sojourns of any real length; two pounds of foo
day doesn't sound like very much, but it sure is a lot
when you have to carry twenty days worth on top of
twenty pounds of water and your camping gear. Food
should be stored in waterproof containers. and hoisted
into a tree away from camp every night. Characters
should not store food in their tents, becau
god's animals are extremely hungry most of the
nd Mister Bear will nar rake no fora
tries tostick hisnose in your backpack. Sure, werewolves
‘can beat a Kodiak ina fistight, bur do you really want
to have that fistight on

answerwhen he

campsite?

The Lupine Dict

Characters in Lupus may "go native" and
survive as predators. Wolves must eat about 2.
pounds of me
to stay reproductively fit, which also means they
need that much to stay in "fighting trim", This
‘one large groundhog or other similar ani-
per wolf, per day, of about one white-tailed,
antelope or other game animal of comparable size
every 4 days fora pack of five wolves. Wolves can,
cat over owenty pounds of meat ina sitting, allow-
ing them to fuel up" fora multi-day dry spel, but
20 pounds of meat doesn't sit easily in anyone's
stomach — wolves that gorge will spend at least a
day sleeping and lazing tt off before they're ready.
for action again

as Aare FEY ER Ne ee

Phan Cores and Mifhe

The world of Werewolf is very much not what
modem We

world of spirits and sacred struggle, in which every:
thing has an aspect of holiness and the world seems
quiet only because we lack the knowledge to hear its
many ve therefore, a world in which a gre
many tales people have told each other over the
millennia may be partly or wholly true

Certainly, Werewolf owes its existence to the
variety of myths and stories told in the real world.
Without the American Indian stories of ani
act as messe

als that
s from the spirit world, without the
South American stories of jaguar-people or the ¢
can tales of Anansi the spider-trickster,
popular legend of the "mok

stories of the naga, without

"or the Indian
nris and the

Amerind Wendigoand the Greck Furies, where woukl
Werewolf be? Given th don the
idea of such myths h in the
World of Darkness, its obvious that a little attention
to other myths can only benefit the erafty Storyteller
Any myth, legend or story can be inspirational for a

Werewolf chronicle; all it takes is a little forethought.
anging Soviet

In the real world, of course, there are no Garou,
Therefore, no real-world tale accurately reflects their
influence. When you bring in an element of the real
world and explain it in terms of the
youare changing its meaning. It's very important to be
clear about this at the outset, so that you can think

clearly about when and how you want to go about it.

Isitokay to explain real people'Sexperience of the
world and their efforts to make sense of it in terms of
fantasy creatures? The answer must be a resounding
"sometimes, depending on how you x

Note that the idea of stories that exist in fixed form
and carry afixed meaning sitselfby no means universal
among the real world's peoples, past and present. The
myths of a living culture, the exemplars and symbols
which express people's hopes, fears, values, devotions
andenemies,changeovertime, just sindividual people
row upymature and grow old. Few cultures have ever
developed the notion of "canon" in the sense of texts
and interpretations that ought nor change. (Nor does
the onactually keep things from changing
itonly changes the way changcs express themselves.)

Asan example, consider Uncle Sam, Uncle Sam's
general figure, the tall and lanky maninted, white and
blue suit and white hair, first appears in political
cartoons in the middle of the 19th century. He's heen

Chapter Two: The Battlefield 97

CEE SY SON


|

ee AA

ccruit soldiers and to represent thespiritofthe
nation admonishing warmongers, as a symbol of
America's benevolent leadership and with evil leer as
the demon of American ageression, as the endorser of
commercial goods and as the noble critie of commer-
cialism degrading the country. His proportions vary,
because whatever real person or people inspired the
original illustrations are all long dead and he now
reflects archetypal features.

used to

Other cultural heroes serve similarly diverse pur

poses. Confuciushas been invoked, just within the last
century, to support imperial government andl toattack
it, to anchor Communism in the Chinese tradition of
philosophical leadership and to justify the rejection of
tradition in favor of reformulation, to beam down on
the massesas the primal wise scholarand toglaredown
acthem as the scheming justifier of tyranny. He's becn
illain and demon, and will continue to

saint, hero,
playall chose partsand mores long as anyone remem-
bers him. The real struggling scholar of the Sth century
BC who taught the principles at the heart of the
Analects doesn't matter much to these cultural func
tions, either; they deal with Confucius the symbol.
So youaren'tdoinganything unprecedented when
you offer a new explanation for some aspect of a
society, orchoose toascribe adifferent n

of irs symbols. Inde

ningtoone
told for simple enjoyment as well as for didactic pur-
poses, you're just doing what people around the world
and through history are already doing. The parti
mythology you apply from Werewolf may be now,
the process of adapting existing materi
‘own purpeses is as old as stories themselves,

Archefype and Sercotype

Theact of reinterpretation isitself neither good nor
bad. What matters is how you go about it. One of the
ss to make a travesty of someone's outlook
(from yourown culture oranother) istalose trackof the
difference between archetype and stereotype.
Archetypes point to what the people in a
value, of feel that they ought co value. In his heroic
persona, Uncle Sam represents straightforward "square
Ucaling" and concem with facts and plain speaking
over pretty appearances, while Confucius illustrates
the combination of personal humility with piere
intelligence and sense of duty. But no indiv

J, since in teal li

easiest wa

formality of presentation"
culture, and doesn't

ks abour an aspect of the
ate or imply that all
ry single American
stand irony" is a

have that feature or even that e1
wants to. "No Anverican can

98 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ate iimnian A

bigoted put-down:; "few Americans learn how
preciate irony" iscloser toa statement of fact — it may
‘or may not be true, but it ean be discussed reasonably
objectively and it doesn't try 10 force every single
individual into a particular mold.

Stercorypes individuals' identities in
Mestchdediny, Saeorypeathinaennelr
intends as positive de this just as much as stereotypes
intended as derogatory: "Gypsies naturally understand

\I"Celtshaveaspecial innate understand-

favor

the spirits

ingof the Goddess nd
depersonali and
"all Jews are greedy." The pos mpose

goals and prioritieson the people they're about without
regard for what the individuals in question may want ot
regard as important

Positive stereotypes make it easy to slide into
paternalistic attitudes. Afterall, if this gil belongs to
+haspecial affinity with the spirits, wouldn't
ithe adisservice to lecher adopt a religion thar denies
thespirits? Andif thar man hasthe mark of a particular
aptitude for communing with the force of nature,
shouldn't we steer him away from anything so tedious
as business or science?

In Ai history, the romantic notion of the

Native American as free from the ty
for the wonders of nature played a major part in the
development of programs and laws that denied Native
Americans opportunities to join in the life of less
romanticized, mainstream society. The belief that
Native Americans were innately superior therefore
helped keep them poor, ignorant and in unnecessary
misery from disease had sanitation and otherproblems
that the mainstream had addressed for its own mem-
hers long hefore

innical shackles
adlecp allinity

Archetypes speak of hopes and fears within a soci-
‘ety. Archetypes embody truths and principles that can
manifest in many ways, allowing for growth and devel-
‘opment (and loss andl decay), whilestereotypes speak of

valuesthat can manifest in only one way, allowingforno
movement. Remember that individuals and therefore
societies change, and do not commit yourself to inflex
ible, constraining visions of what people in the game
‘work! must be, even if you mean well by it

The Werewolf tn the Story

Opportunities and pitfalls travel in paits through
the landscape of potentially useful real-world stories
and belies. As usual, chis is not an exhaustive list, and
the categories are necessarily somewhat arbitrary
They're intended to help you achieved a balanced
outlook. There's very seldom one uniquely right an:


right for vc

Daft

pedia is not fun.


|

ee AZ

about. So you have a great deal of freedom to
aspect of the game work! really accounts for this
interesting thing I found in history or current af
that things exist levels. Youasan individual
penon are yourself, and also a manifestation of the
nd of your tribe, and of
ake of the spirit of your environ-
int, sharing some part of your soul with the life and
ind and air and water around you. Oxher sorts of
identifi y also come into play. This means
that
a

spirit of your community,
humanity. You

n explanation based on something working a
icular way because it's part of one group doesn't
rule out the truth and relevance of explanations based
on the thing belonging to other groups as wel.

The coexistence of multiple meanings allows you
to use real-world myths and legends to speak of
Werewolf matters as well as the real-world concems
they address. Reducing everything toa single meaning
ofany kind stereotypes it, and youshouldn't rush todo
so, You should go particularly slow when interpreting
real people's beliefs and customs in a fictional light
When you approach the real world as fodder for your
game, you should think of it in terms of adding mean:
ing, not taking away the meaning thar's already there

Unele Sam embodies the national pride in vi
and ingenuity. These are what they are, reflect
real and diverse heritage of pioneers along with a

generous dose of mythologizing and nostalgia in the
face of changing social conditions. All of this (and a
teat dleal nuove) ts crue, and moving it to the World of
Darkness doesn't make it false. Rather, the move
makes other aypects also true. To a Triatic scholar,
Uncle Sam might show how the Wyld's principle of
boundless creativity continues to operate in industrial
societies. Technology past the late Iron Age doesn't
make the Wyld irrele ens up channels for
os from which all things
not recognize
Confuciusisthesy
fend him to be. He:

birth and the productive ch
come that tribal peoples

Likewi:

bol that thoseevok-
wdies the essence of
scholarship in the service of sociery and the protection
ial onder through diligent pursuit of virtue. This
n the World of Darkness as it is in reality
Confucius also comes to symboli:
thanks to the Tri
tyrant" aspect of the Weav
principle of equilibri

something more
the "henevolent
This aspect of the
n and continuity isn't mad, but
itsmorality isopen to interpretation depending on the
priorities of observers. Just a> in the real world,
imple by which ri
ofsociety may illustrate themselves, so in the Work! of
Darkness he can serve as an example for Garou and
others who debate the desirability of the Weaver's

100

he manifes

Confucius becomes the e ‘sions

I

actions in long-lived societies like China. Nothing
becomes false here; more things become true

Draw on the full range of concepts Werewolf offers,
Not everything flows directly from the Triat, or from the
tribe found most often in a geographi What
interesting people and narural phenomena reflect the
influence of a particular Incama or Celestine? What
somewhat n wr cant be accounted for
dhrough the temporary manifestation of
with one ofthe great (orsmall) Umbral reals? Who au
the unwitting Kinfolk of other Changing Breeds, and
who has a family history that keeps bringing them up
against the edge of the Delirium? Ifthere'sanaspectof the
gamethatyou'vebeen wantingtobringinto play, abridge
with real folklore often leads players where you want
them to go not just willingly but enthusiastically

* Werewolf-specific concepts don't explain ev-
exything. While it's good for your players to feel that
their characters move through a landscape with unex-
rected dimensionsand endless interesting revelations,
be careful not to trivialize real-world concerns, Not
every story is secretly about the Werewolf setting, and
you should include attention to stories that really are
about what they seem to be about.
ain level of apparent contradiction is
nd in Werewolf terms. The Garou
‘Cunnlemtand uve whole universe. They don't know
much about how the magic ofthe Namebreakers works,
for instance, not do they have a good grasp on the
complexities ofthe landsofthe dead in the Dark Umbra,
"They don't know what all lurks in the depths of the
Wyrm'srealms—nor those of the Weaver or the W
‘There are seerets in the natural world not re
them, either, in places where neither the spirits nor
other Changers choose to share with the Garou, These
limications apply to all the Breeds, no matter how much
any of them would like to think they know ital, too.

So it's appropriate to introduce a myth from rime
totime whose explanation seems true and yet does not
fit smoothly with the forces Garou venerate. Many
mythic creators combine elements of twoor even three
aspects of the Triat. Some cultures ascribe different
personalities and responsibilities to the spirits of the
planets. Totemic animals don't have consistent na
tures, and afterlives vary wildly. The Garou
suffer from arrogance arnd self-blined
no bad thing to show characters that sometimes the
is, irrefurably, more than they can account for. Don't
do this often enough to make them feel that their
beliefs are rivial or profoundly broken, because m the
World of Darkness the Garou understand (or can
understand, ifthey pay attention) much of the cosmic
order. It's just that there's always something more

sterious plies

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

TL IY


The Work

© The world is marvelous. Like the real world, the
World of Darkness contains breathtaking beauty and
wonder. The Garousee more of tthanbuman beingscan,
two — there are places no b
from civilization, and beyond the Gauntlet there's far
more. There are the glories thar sike the unaided C
«eye (and ear, and nose, and skin),
1 see on ther scales, ftom the ev
ecosystem over the centuries to the
symbiosis among creatures too small for the eye tose

‘When Robert Ballard and hiscrew discovered the
wreck of the Titanic, they found it festooned with
ite-like extrusions that were clearly the remains
of metal features after iton-metabolizing bacteria had
lard' science team dubbed the
features" invokingthe deep-sea
manifestation of rust and corrosion. Several y
later, multi-disciplinary scientist Charles Pelle
and his colleague t nusticles to the
surface to study and found wonders.
plex coms

man eye will ever see, far

nl then there's more
ion of a healthy

rs

ity of up to
ich with itsown
di they form layers
the excre-
tions of one species feed the next ones in i
bucceria involved in this amacing synergy cout (x
literally, all over the world, eaetied by deep se:

particular feeding requirements,
and even crude circulatory systems s0 th:

rents until they find a suitable home.

Most Garou woul! think of a shipwreck at the
bottom of the sea as not very relevant to them. And
yet, here is a whole thriving network of life, whose

remains strongly resemble long-mysterious fessils of
s anisms. The Wyld is at
work in a place where the sun never shines, in and
around the Titanic as in the nid

-anic vents along

ton fora momentof mystic appre.
ciation that owes its existence to modern science. The
theme of unexpected beauty in the midst of di
struggleand death isa potent one, Don'toveruscit, but
reward your players from time to time with a moment
of awe and satisfaction along with the more conven-

culty,

tional and accessible forms of beauty

* The worldisterrible. The natural worklismotice,
anda key theme of Werewolf is (or at least can be) that
simpleanswers do not suffice. Any species that proxhices
cffspring must includ some provision for its members to
die,orit overrun the work! destroyits habitat, and then
become extince. For that marter, extinction isa fact of
nature: the overwhelming majority of all species that
haveeverlived have hecomeextinet, and narure doesnot
hresitate (0 destroy species individually or by the thou-

a NLA PERN ER

sands. Sometimes the survival of any life on earth at all

has been a matter of ch

Nature makesno provision for rights aspeople define
hopes or aspirations or dreams of the creatures they kill
Seeds and eggs and live young alike are all created in
such larger numbers than can possibly survive, and most
‘ous mutual support in the wild, so there

regard for

horrifying
instancesof parasitism, with creatures whose whole exist
ence depends on the ongoir

pain of others

Remember that darkness and destruction are part
of nature. While the Wyrm has gone mad, the prin
ciple of dissolution existed before it did. Not every
thing the Wyld ever brought forth was cuddly and
friendly, and the equilibrium achieved under the
Weaverhas often been something less than kind. One
of the most potent uses of real myths aber

of the dark side of the world is to bring it into compre-
hensible form for your players, to integrate it with che

rest of their characters' understanding,

Rolling Avital

Animalsarea vital part of Werewolf, moresothan
they are in any other White Wolf game. Whether it's
the wolf Kinfolk that stirsup trouble for the sept, a deer
the pack pursuesora guard dog the group tries to make
friends with, animals are a common sight. Werewolf
hhas an added dimension in thar, unlike most role
playing games, it isn't uncommon for characters to be
able to converse with the rat in the drainpipe or the
hungry tiger. Good Storytellers should treat animals
with at Teast as much respect as they do the other
characters under their control. Let's face it, there arc
times when speaking toan eagle isaspivotal tothe plot
as pumping the local crime boss for information; it
should be at least as dramatic. But where to begin?

Perception

A key point in representing animals is to under:
stand how they perceive the world —or mote appropri
ately, how we think they perceive the world. Take a
wolf, for example. Her view is low to the ground so the
top of a table is unknown territory. She can see moder
ately well, but is better at noting movement than

Like some color blind
dlesofred

humans, she hasa hard time dist
and orange; they blend in
farther into the blue spectn
axl better ia dim light. When Guased, thre wolls
hearing is quite keen, and she can pick up
much higher pitch than a human ¢
course, her nose opens

olfactory world we ean only

Chapter Two: The Battlefield 101

ARAN

lL TCE PE ETE LY TTD TCH


E

Mo the

oe AA

imagi aling to her who
sex and health of the wolf wi
long ago he passed! by, and any number of other clues
about her environment. Finally, she has whisk
help her feel around her in the darkness of aden:
possibly which way the bree

Many critters discover th
that on

nd what is upwind, the
» marked a tree and how

Hows.
world through senses
re than a little alien to us. Some bats arn!
‘gate. Many
rpedofish and sharks) hunt by sensing
ity generated by the prey's own muscles.
pound eyes of bees register far ino the ultea-
violet spectrum. Hawks have a narrower range of
hearing but can easily pick up movement and focuson
a rabbit while soaring high above. Some birds, sea
turtlesand fish can travel hundreds or even thousands
of miles annually to find a specific tree, heach o
stream, using navigational aides thac are often beyond
our ken. Even dogs have been known to joumey
incredible distances to retum home. Sometimes we
just don't know how animals know what they do,

dolphins use focused sound waves tc
fish (notably
the elect

goed examplcheingdosthot sense the change nthe
epileptic owners up to half an hour prior to a se

But it's more than just having keen senses. Wild
animals are quitesimply moreadepr at using what they
have than the average human, who spends his lie in a
kind of sleepwalk of half awareness.

Survival in the
wilderness depends on well-tuned senses with which
ds, and
se will find

to find food and avoid predators or other hy

those whose nose or ear isn'tas goods the:

Nino
Thought and Insti

Animal beh:
and conscious tho

vior isa mixture of reflexive instinct
To say that anitnals "think"

like us does a disservice to the critters; millennia of
evolution have endowed creatures with che smarts
they need under circumstances. Because we

can only guess w
hi

nd of a non:
controversial

s on in the
ers think has been
subject fora very long. e.

Animals seem to think in terms of "if, then": "If
choose the left path, the floor will hurt my feet." "If my
in the room, can't get food out of the can."
caps of understanding that connect "if" to
"then' isthe basisof leaming, For example, the alliga-
tor that happens to be in a part of the bayou when the
tuuck comestodump bodies, ifit makes the connection
between trick and food, will swim towards the sound
of the engine, expectinga meal. A seabird that notices
adropped shell cracks against rock will seek out lange
rocks to break open mussel shells in the future, assum:
ing tt connects the rock and the fall with an casy meal.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

spicata A

At the lower levels of the animal hierarchy, in-
stinct is the basis for most behavior,

aasone moves
up the evolutionary ladder, so to speak, there is more
room for individuality. A flaoworm is a flatworm is a
flatworm, but any two bears will react differently t0 a
situation based on a combination of instinet, experi-
ence and individual personality. Higher-level animals
can more readily adapt to new situations aid take
advantage of novelty. Suburban or park deer grow
quite complacent when there's nothing to fear, until
they can hatdly be bothered to move out of the way of
cars; in the countryside they tend to be much mote
watchful for slow-moving vehicles oF pes
even from hundreds of yards away.

Yer even in "higher mammals" we see "ha
reactions, instinctive behaviors that are overcome with
difficulty, i Some are beni the dog that
scratches the loorand tums in circles hefore lying down.
Others are more dangerous; eve well-fed
cougarwillleap upandnushromardsa child runningalong
the other side of the fence. Some animals, pariculatly
those usually considered prey species, have strong "fight
‘or flight" reactions, if held restrained and subject
prolonged handling or even proximity to humans theit
systems are overcome by the stress, resulting in death at
the scene or within a few days after capture, even if they
weren't physically harmed while captured.

Now and Then

Most animals live in the "now," theirattention is
focused in this place at this moment — how different
from the average human, whose mind is on yesterday's
iygument, tonight's dinner or any number of enter
orphilosophical distractions. That's not to say
Is have no past or future. Usually, the past is a
vague place where associations spring up at need. For

instance, a puppy abused by a tall blonde woman may
grow up to be a friendly dog that snarls at all blonde
‘women. A coyote nearly caught by a trap baited with,
fish may avoid anything with a fishy smell

The future is a much more abstract concept. [n
stinet covers a lot of ground, timing wise —
‘a nest when the time for ege-la
swimming from the

approaches, or
n stream tospawn,

— bur the specifics may allow forsome thoughton the
part of the individ
ites by 4

don't yet exist

|. For example, some birds plan
yout potential food sources that
beescan compensate for amoving
food source by heading towards the expected new
location rather than the last known location,

And just as they make intuitive connections be-
tween an action and a positive effect, they can also
discern negative repercussions, provided the effect hap-
penssoon enough after the cause. When abird becomes


il after cating a had-tasting butterfly, it will avoid all
similar butterflies in the future. The longer the time
berween cause and effect, the more tenuous the connce-
tion in the mind. Ifa wolf experiences a painful electric
shock when itbites asheep, it connects sheep with pain
and may avoid them for a while; if the wolfhitesa sheep
and three days later a party of bounty hunters appear to
harry ir, the wolf will coe no connection between the

cause (stock killing) and effect (men with guns),
Predator and Play
When youlook ls, you can usually tell che

predators from the prey. Prey species such as turkeys,
rabbits and deer tend to have eyes and ca
wide angle of view berterth
sound ~ to watch for ck
hawks and of course wolves) look
focus on the hunted. Predator b
(itt
of gras). To bus
clever;

adeerthanapatch
eyes; these huntersare often more
rad more likely to try new approaches to
achieve a goal (saicl goal usually being a snack).
‘Though they don't hold
play. Even as adults they toss bones, sneak up on their
fellows and play tag. Ortersare among the most accom:
plished players around, but coyotes and ravens have
well-deserved reputation for fooling around with
without regard to species. Like hu
seem to need to work theit

monopoly on extracur-

hers

ns, these critters

id bodies inn
ional" activities. Without novel stimuli to occupy
them, higher anixuals kepe in Captivity row increas
ingly neurotic, resorting tostereotypic movements s
asendless pacing or head tossing, biting the barsor eve
self-mutilation. This is why many z00s have expanded
and "naturalized" animal habitats, aswell as hiding food
so animals may forage rather than simply

From Heath to Hearth

Another distinetion that should be made is the
difference between wild and domestic animals, When
humans dk ively breed
them toaccentuate the desirable traitsand diminish or
climinate the undesirable ones. That's why adairy cow

wsticate a species, they sele

produces far more milk than necessary to raise a calf
the same time being docile enough to handle
ressive of protective tendencies wer

ite unlike their wild relations. The
while the white
J with a capital S,

The same is true with dogs and their wild wolf
cousins; both are mentally very alike, yet with key
ss arule dogshave been bred
traits intoadulthood. Friendly

wild turkey is a
domestic turkey is sey

differences. Fore
toretaincertain juve

Chapter Two: The Battlefield

SO a arene

a LEER PENN Ne ee

eptance of other hu
mans as pi ‘one; wolf cubs are
‘open to others for the first few weeks of life, but after

this period of sociali
rachments with diffic

mates) isa notal

nile charac
teristic is the submissiveness and eagerness to please
that many dogs express, even to

vigilant lest theircharges*challen
Communteation

Most unpleasant encounters between man and
beast are the result of misunderstand
™

se" their leadership,

ind miscom-
ication on both sides. Through color changes,
posture and other subvle visual cues, animals commu:

cate their mood, status and even intentions. People
are notoriously lousy at seeing and interpreting the
body language of other species, and often, said species
are no better at understanding us. That's why injured
hawks fight those who try to save them, why other-
wise-friendly dogs snap at intrucersand why bison kill
people who wish to treat them like friendly

That's noc to say that animals can't read other
species' non-verbal languages, only that the anterpreta-
tion isn't a sure thin

tle,

elle uses a lion's body cues to
distinguish herween a hungry hunter and a recently-fed

heal

yet axsumesa safari hunter is dangerous because it
't ead the human's intent in his movements,

Jo Your Game

‘We aren't suggesting that you dive into behavior
textbooks and scientific journals to plan out each
animal's po al reactions (though you're certainly
welcome to do so). But it's helpful to have a.
idea about how acrcature will interact with the

Herearea few (notexhaustive) points toconsider:

General Temperament

Take your cues fron eral behavior of an
A highly-socialized black Lab puppy that w:
its tail at passersby will he more likely to be friendly
than a mistreated, isolated junkyard mut will. De
pendingon the species,
will vend to be a little more docile and not as
swiftas their wikler cousinsare (that doesn't mean you
should try to pet a fighting bull
collie). Domestic animals raised by hu
desire ro be near people, whereas wild-born horses and
dogs can be just as fearful of hu wikd beast

Reactions to Garou

Garouare powerful predators who fairly rad
primal rage. Prey species, including rabbits, dee
horses, will ikely form a poor first impression of apack of

werewolves, nomarterhow hig he latter smile. Predators
see Cares as com

103

EAN

Re A SO ATTY,


a AZ

seven ascreaturesthat would kill hem for foo
Large, tough beasts such as bull elephants or grizly bears
might be less inclined to run than a rabbit, may take a
belligerent stance. On the ocher hand, a blue whale
probably feels no particular chreat at al

Besidesreactions o the Garou-nessofacharacter,
there may be behavioral differences based on the
character's form. The dog chat is more inclined to be
1 will probably bristle at a wolf; a
young wolf might have the opposite reaction.

What's in It for Me?
Animal altruism (assuming it exists — another
controversial copicamong ethologists) doesn't extend
outside aspecies. Aesop's fables aside, you aren't going
to find a mouse helping a lion. Even the amazing
African honeyguide, which leads humans to beehives,
expectsa share of the spoils; if it doesn't get rewarded,
it eventually stops bothering. There needs to be some
tangible (orat least perceivable) reward for any action
taken on a character's behalf, Usually this inv
food, but depending on the animal and the p
ability (& communicate with it, more complex ot
abstract arrangements may he made

Me Heap Good Talker

Animal communication has always been tricky in
Werewolf games. Lupus conversation has often been
reduced to "Me fear chunderstick — bad!" Nor thar
those reactions are always inappropriate, but under-
stand chat something islost inthe translation. Imagine
trying to he eloquent in a language you speak imper-
fectly at best; you'll sound childish or stupid, if you get
your point across at all, and che listeners would either
patronize or ridicule you regardless.

friendly to a

Instead of using baly-constructed sentences when
‘communicating using a Gift, have the animal "spea
more fluently, but in te
natural bias. Ah

to its own
rything in its

Ki also be
cof local weather conditions. Though
several keen senses, a fox's world revolves around
nd ts al curiosity (a common trait in
mi predators) makes it more aware of any-
thing out of theo an-caused or otherwise
Include cd

cepts within the animal's experience, but
make sure anything alien the players throw in confuses
it. For instance, the taven is familiar enough with
"da Tuesday" won't ring a bel

Say aGalliand uses the Gift: Beast Speech toask the
local fauna whether some tainted hikers came through
the woods recently. Ithe asks aspider, the response willl
be something like Food, Light, Web. The previously.
mentioned hawk may have more details since the hikers

fox knows where they went hecause he followed their
trail a while hoping they would drop some scraps,
Training

It's not unusual for Garou or Kinfolk to keep:
animals as guardians or companions, and such critters
are usually trained in some capacity ~ except for the
deepest of deep wilderness caems, even lupus Kinfolk
uced to be caught where they can't go and what they,
can't eat. As mentioned previously, animals think in
terms of "if, then." If making the leaps of understand-
ing that connect "if to "then' is the basis of learning,
then facilitating and encouraging the connection is
the key totraining. Training a guard critter is far easier
when you can speak the (whether by spe
ing che wolf tongue or u
imagine learning a task by bein,
task by being told... by a mime. If that sort of direct
‘communication isn't possible, then trainin
skill and a lot of patience. is learn
but may also be prone to act up. Remember that
uals lear quickest the tricks that mimic natural
behaviors. For € hing the dog to fetch is
a rescue dog, drug
snifferor shepherd involves normal hunting behaviors
and narrowing the focus. Teaching a dog to tap dance
would probably just frustrate you and annoy the dog.

ister,

Tosumy
them credit for, but their perception, intellige
subsequent behavior is not like a human's. Putt
some thought into your animals (and maybe some
basic research) is recommended to make them really
come live (soto speak) in your game, With the proper
personality and reaction, critters can be an important
and memorable part of any scenatio

Ccttng topo the Siptf

Travel through the Uinbra means enteringa world
of spirits. The dual nature of the Garou — part human
or wolf and part spirit — makes the spirit world a
second home for Gaia's chosen warriors. Depicting
Umbral pathways and landscapes involves detailing
an environment that sometimes differs radically from
the "real world." The creatures that inhabit the Um
bra, likewise, possess qualities that separate them from
the beings that dwell in the physical world.

AsaStoryteller, younced to make yourplayers
that whenever they enter the Umbra, they notonlyenter
adifferent world. they havehe potential rvinreract with
the spirits chat dwell chere. Spirits represent a very
important part of Garou life. Garou lear Gifts from
spirits, gain help from friendly spirits, battle hostile ones
and bind both kinds into fetishes and talens.

animalsare brighter than we often give
and

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

TT,


Jeeng ht Exfavmng:
Luscon Sy the Spool

making the world:
am real anal vital. Y

Chapter Two: The Battlefield 105

COS ST EEN


—_ SA SSA

10€8. They can't afford to say the wron,

with spirits tha

Your Garou will

5 1 same fashion again
J vngs ant Vnavimate Obfects


very air that surrounds dhe Garow surges with hostility. A
Jaaged form solidifies froma shard of lightning. Ager hangs in
the air, questioning wity you have icreded into his terricry.

ond ani

al epirite may challenge a
portraying characters, abstract
concepts and inanimate obje ifferent probs
Jem. How do you describe an emotion o¢ an abstract
How do you bring "life" to a rock? Spend a few
ng abour what feelings and
n words. What sy
objects do ye with pain or sorrow or
Whit feelings arise when you think of rocks or sand or
thunder! Use these words and ideas to construct a
personality for your abstraction oF inanimate object.
The Garou draw back from one another, as hostility
surrounds them. Past slights and present grudges hover on
the edges of consciousness. The spirit of Anger rises to its
fullhoigh, ts voice, hotand searing, scratching ts message
in the souls ofits petitioners.
Ideas and objects do not have the same spectrum.
of emotions are responses that humans (or even ani
mals) do. Don'ebe afraid toexperiment with substitu

you associate with cert

ing sounds and colors for er nd words. Create
«picture your players will remember as long as thei

characters do.

Niiphie Spore

Unicom steps into the glade, his hooves sriking sparks
as they touch the ground. Innocence covers the great beast
lieablanket, bu theres nathing gentle about the creature's
eyes. Ie bows its head, acknowledging its visitors, but that
gesture only serves to emphasize the brutally keen tip of
Unicom's hom. Raising its head, Unicom holds cour,
standing in judgment over you pak

Encounters with magical beings or totem spivts
should never be les than epic. When Garou enter the
Umbra to meet with a spirit, whether to petition
aidorto learma Gift, they leavebehind the workdofthe
every dayand enter intoaplace of mythandarchetype
Storytellers need to make itclear to their players (and
their characters) that they have not only *stepped
sideways" into the world of posibilites and potentials
cheyhavealso stepped outside the boundaries of reality
and intoa whole other place. Unicorns are not sweet,
gentle creatures of froth and wide-eyed innocence
They do represent the absence of wuilt, but they also
symbolize total amorality and feral freedom. Garou
encountering Unicorn should wonder f the legendary
ing Vingins ro lure them into capeivity did
not originate in the idea of human «acrifiee — and
whether the

AL fist lance, Unicom appears composed of shining
whit light. A longer look — and such a gaze brings pain to

custom of

ingin actually survived her encounter.

Chapter Two: The Battlefield

CLL ET OY TON

I

your exes — reveals other hues: cerulean blue, royal
puorple, hazy gray and sparkling sver. Unicom shakes its
head, and from its long, flowing mane thousands of tiny
Gnosis as they surround the pack. One small beam touches
the pack lealr's cheek and burns — a cleansing fire that
scours some small pettiness from the Garou's essence
spirits. When dealing with fantastic cre
wendigo, dragons or chimerae, emphasize not only the
sight of the creature but also the aura of power that
surrounds it. Use sound and color and feel to heighten
the atmosphere of wonder. Even before your spirit has
uttered itsfirst word, the characters shoukl be wonder
ing if they haven't made some horrible mistake in
coming into the spirit's presence. If you can create this
feeling in your players, then you have succeeded in
portraying a legendary spirit

Now that you have some ideas for setting the stage
and placing your actor —the spirit — in thespotight,
you need to put words into your spirit's mouth, Here's
how to do just tha.

Toe Tht Nay

Spirits have a different way of speaking than
mortals. They do not have the same concems that

humane or even G

tures such as

embodimentsof certain ideas, so they have limi
that humansand animalsdo not have, Spirits are both
mc ansor Garou orother free-
willed supemaumals. They do nut have the same
political hang-ups or social awareness that mortals
have.Ontheotherhand, they

ions

nd less free than hu

istfor asingle purpose
— and that creates restrictions on what they may say
‘or do. Communication impli

more than just the
wordsaspirit uses. Italso includes the context (or lack
thereof) of the spirit's experiences. A Storyteller can
monstrate all this through langua

Spirit Language

Otel arches its wings and turns its eyes om the pack'
leader.

"Speak.

Assingle word, both greetingand command, echoesin your
ears. The young Alou begins speci, buat is wace fates,
Hegrouswordy. Owlnuffesits feathers. "Enouch. Too many
twoneds, Siar over." The puck leader takes a deep breath and
begs again, choosing his words more cnefily his vime

Spirits do noe speal
words and how they put
talk about, how patient ori
con their nature. Animal sprit,
Turtle, speak with the sa

her, wh
rat theyare all
by as Owl


|

se SS

selves. Ow!' language should use short words, possibly
with soft "oo" sound to mimic the ow!'s distinctive ery
Lion, on the other hand, use
echo the ani
Turrle,thi
reputation for slowness,drawingout words and thoughts
to match Turtle' plodding, methodic

From deep with her crimsom

I's roar or

ter, Roxe's vice

caresses the breeze, carried to your ears on sorndwaves
drenched im a heady sweetness,

"Touch not the sharpness," Rose cautions. "Linger
emily long enough to take one perfect petal. Renew your
body. Leave softly."

Shyly, the wounded Ragabsh reaches out and takes
petal from Rose's outer layer. A healing sofmness fills the

ith the scene of well-being. She hesitates for a
moment, then catches sight of Rose's thorns and thinks
better of overstaying her welcome.

Plant spirits have fewer references than humans or
ils. They possess the ability to communicate
with other creatures, so they presumably have the knowl-
cxlge of Vocabulary necessary for communication. They
do not often ue words that spcak of human emotions.
Plants know about growth and dormancy. They feel the
sun, wind! and rainand know the words attached to those
forces of nature. They serveas homes and food for insects
and herbivores aul havesoneknowledge of these as well.
They do not, however, understand words like good and
evil, They know the Wyrm, but perhaps think of the
Destroyer in their own terms, calling it the Desiccator,
the Great Dryness or the Scorching Flame.

Garou may have ro pursle our the meaning behind
thesometimescrypticcomments ofplantspints, bt this
should provide the Storyteller with the opportunity t0
challenge her players in a way that does not involve
combat or one-upmanship. Think about the kind of
plant the Garou encounter. An oak tree speaks very
laisy. The tree's words fall hea
of its listeners, while the daisy' v
Jas sibikine and mobile as if blowing in a breeze.
jsand vocal tone to match,

‘Why stand you here?" Anger lashed ox, its voice
clashing ike mismatched cymbualsin the roaring wind. "Tell
me, or begone!" Its shriek pierced the sensitive ears of the
Garin, causing the Galliard to howl a challenge

‘Donet" cred Anger. "Fight and gain your boon or
flee and know shame!"

The spirit took shape asa jagged wolfmade of darkness
and lighting. The challenge for the right to aid from the
anger-spirit had begun

Garou

Choose your word

‘Abstractions have an even more alien mindset
than plants. Storytellers should atrempt to convey this:

108 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ao

utter strangeness to the players through more than just
language. Tone of voice plays an important role in
describing spirits that correspond to emotions. Anger
shonld speak with sorrow should
sob its words, while Desire should attempt verbal
seduction through soft speech and a suggestive vo-
cabulary. Don't be afraid to experiment, though you
ight want to practice your spirit specch before trying
it during a game session, just to be safe.

Inanimate objects present a similar challenge to
Storytellers. How does a rock "talk?" Think of words
that are heavy (pun intended) with concussive sounds.
Let your voice boom our, but slow dowsn your speech so
thatittakesonaponderousquality. Rockshave nose
of transience. If your players grow impatient, remind
them that their characters are probably just as impatient
with Rock, but thac the consequences of angering that
spirit make showing thei frustration unwise,

Unicom walked forward wntil he stood before the
trembling Child of Gaia. "Banish uncertainty from your
heart,youngone," dhe great creature said, its wice bypass-
ing the Garou's ears and settling with warmah within her
heave. "Vou have sought eiely and honestly for seoncthing
to save your dying world. You have not always made the
best choices but you have acted in accordance with your
heart, and so you have done well, Twill grant-you the favor
you sock."

Mythic creatures stiOuld be mythic. The beasts
from legends usually possess great intellivence and
‘extraordinary wisdom. They come from a time before
time, an age that did not know the meaning of slang or
‘contractions oridiomatiespeech. Don'tsell your mythic
spirits short by using popular speech or psychobabbe
Read some of the classi fairy tales from various cul-
tures toget an idea of the words to use and the cadence
of your speech. Your players will appreciate the time
you take to make a meeting between their char
and Unicorn — or Pegaws or Dragon ot Griffin —
unforgettable

Tionglt Pafternt

Remember that spirits aren
people oranimals. The spirit world isfull of symbolism,
and thingsare"truet" to their nature than theie phy
cal counterpartsare. In short, spirit doesn't think like
person; not even the spirits of wholly human con:
cepts like art or ro

‘One of the most important aspects of spirit nature
ischatspiritsdon'treally have free will, at least not tothe
‘extent that humans and Garou enjoy. They are bound
by their very nature, in ways that a Westem person

ptfindakarming. A fire-spiritwill never volunteerto
0 for a swim, no matter how convineingly a Theurge


angues that no harm will come to it. An oak-spirit
‘cannot argue for bending in the wind, just as the spirit
of a blade of grass cannot decide to stand fast and
uunowed. This isa very important aspect of an animistic
world; somerimes things are the way they are not be-
‘cause science has yer to contradict them, but simply
because that's the way they are, [t may seem like a
simplisrie way on, but if you allow a epirit to ge against
its own nature with nothing short of painful, Herculean
struggle, youlose the pawerofsymbolism thar makesthe
spirit world so important in the first place.

Ofcourse, there arealways exceptions —sortof. For
‘example, the more powerful the spirit, the more leeway
ichas to interpret its role and duties. A shark Gafiling
cannot resist anofferingof bloody meat, but the Incarma
of Shark himself might do so long enough to question
aking the offering, or co strike a compli
ing the trade of meat for favors. This is
we Incamae and Celestines represent
variety of concepts within themselves, Great Fens is
anger and battle lust,andaharbinger of Apocalypse, and
anaspectof Wolfyandstrength, and soon, Great Pegasus
stands for a number of important things, of which the
protection of Woman and the defense of the Wyld are
buttwo. With these added aspects comesflexibilicy, and
with ant Incarna's wisdom and willpower comes the
power to choose its own path — so long as thar parh
serves its ultimate nature, that is. Even the Wyrm
‘cannot choose to build rather chan destroy.

Also, it's evident that spirits can change their
‘Triatic affiliations thor's where so many Banies ome
from, afterall, However, this change susually broughe
"onby outside entities; spirit becomes a Bane because
it's caught and infused with Wyrn-energy, or because
its physical counterpart is destroyed or corrupted, and
so on, Theoretically, only the greatest spirits can
"choose" to change their affiliation —and there's not
really any proof of that.

‘When portraying a spirit, always keep its motiva-
tion in mind. Thankfully, che straightforward, sym.
bolic nature of spirit thought makes it fairly easy to
figure out just where a spirt's coming from, what it
night want from a pack, and how ic might propose to
ichieve its goals. Liven up the spirit with a few quirks
as needed, but have to worry abou

cada pers Iperon
— in fact, a too-complicated mindset in anything
other than a spirit of intrigue or deceit might actually
detract from your port layers expect Blucjay to
be charty and Wolverine co be eras

thisto youradvantage. [t'sless work and more effective
ar the same time; what could be better?

Chapter Two: The Battlefield

Re re rr NY A ER

IN es

Unless, of course, you're dealing with ancestor
spirits — bur those are something else entirely
Final Wordt

While therearenohardand fast rulestor roleplaying
spirit encounters, the following guidelines should help
you bring your Umbral residents to life and make your
players take them seriously as the wondrous beings
they are.

* Use Slang Wisely — When po
greatageand reverence, use speech
formal than everyday conversation. Do
tionsor lly say "Cool
good." Exceptions doexist, however. Cityspi
very well pad their speech with the latest stylistic fads.
The Spirit of the 1960's would pepper her sentences
with terms like "far out" and "groovy." We:
might use techno-speak. A Raccoon Ga
ingover suburban trasheans mi

Sr spirits
fling knock
pe sound like a subur
ban teenager himself. Language is symbolic of the
spirit's narure, and slang implies modernity — which
may or may not suit your purposes. Just remember that
most spirits don't say "don't."

* Use Visual Language — Words not only com
municate ideas, they paint pictures. Use language that
creates images in the minds of your players. Plant
spirits use words that have to do with forces of nature
and with the cycles of dormancy, budding, blossorning
and bearing fruit. Animal spirits speak of hunting or
flccing, of mating and challenge. Abstractions use
words that conjure the emotions or ideas they repre
sent. Rocks use words that fall to the ground or sit
heavily on

* Sit into Your Role — Br body language into:
play by sitting into your role: Turn your head from side
tosideand try nor to blink when portraying Owl. Sway
back and forth like a willow tree in the wind when
speaking as. plant spirit, Pace grandly about the room
when you speak as Unicom. Yo a
turtleneck swe

can even we

er oF Wrap scarf loosely around your
neck when you take on the role of Turtle so that you
can imitate the motion of a turtle withdrawing into its
shell in times of stress or between words. Your extra
effort draws your players into the mood and increases
their suspension of disbelief

* Don't Be Afraid to Set the Scene— Take a few

minutes to place your charactersin the proper context,

Describe the surroundings in which the encounter
takes place. Use words that create a landscape appro
Priate to your spirit. Once you've dene thar, your
players should be ready to listen to what your spirits
have w say

|



Segtootng arecter Creation

Werewolf does not h

foc Halle, Ryan, Keith, and Juli
tu ngar basement, picking through books,

plotlines to tal

theirduties as"Gain's defenders" interfering with thei

human lives. Tribal polities, the Umbr rar,

the other Changing Breeds — even in the core
alone, the Storyteller is presented with a daunt
information. It
nw characters
oak what kinds o

nothing of how each of the tribes arrange leadership
and how they all feel about one another.

Al this caid, W
diversity. There are som:
troupe should be able to

wolf's strength lice in thi

players will er

But where tc
But where should be the first (

Chapter Three: The Chronicle

CEES EST FE SENG

tlas, "where do we want

cegin with the characters

11


|

of the tirst) steps along the way. The best way to arrange
character generation (often termed chargen by aficiona-

dos) is to get all of the pla
characters at the same time. This is espectally true for
Werewolf, as the pack as a whole should receive the

same at

ation as the individual characters.
Rastrletiont

If some (or all) of the players are unfamiliar with
‘Werewolf cosmology, this is a good time to explain it
You'll wantrolet the playets know where the game isset

(or, asin the example above, let them help you decide)
and what, if any, restrictions on character creation you

ee 27

are imposing. For example, if you've decided that your
game is going to center around an urban caem in
Seattle, controlled primarily by Glass Walkers, you
might well wish to restrict Red Talon characters.
Becareful, hough, when assigning such restrictions
Sometimes a player will come up with a concepe that,
while scemingly disrupting things, actually opens some
interesting plot possibilities. When you place restrictions
oon chargen, keep in mind why you're doing it, For
anstanee, in the example above, the Storyteller restricts
Red Talons because the cacrn is urban. Red Talons feel

decidedly uncomfortable in urhan settings, so the choice
seems logical. However, there ésn'c any plot-driven te

Storytelling tool or twink-bait? Useless crutch
or valuable resource? Both, really
Merits and Flaws are meant as opti I rules
designed to open up possibilities to characters. They
provide a way to quantify the little foibles that
characters tend to have. Afterall, if your character
is going to be a smoker (for example), which is in
many ways debilitating, even fora werewolf, wluat's
wrong with getting an extra freebie point for it?
Well, nothing. The problem comes when players
takeFlawslike Phobia sharks) inalandlockedlchrenicle,
oortake Obsessions or Compalsions they have no inten
tuon of playing. Of particular worry are Flaws like

Driviny Goal: it'sa potential plotasrecker ifroleplayes!
correctly and it isn't worth the three points you get for
itifit'snot. Also, some extremely melodramatic players
enjoy psychological flaws like Deranged or Ve
because they wish to eat up time in the spotlight or
overact (these are the same sorts of players who enjoy
playing Fera because they feel it makes them "special"),

And on the other side of the coin, s
Merits are hombly unbalancing. Immune to Wyrm
Emanations? Silver Tolerance! The Traitsallow Ga
to ignore (orat least diminish the horror of) some of
their greatest weaknesses! Surely any right-thinking
Storyteller, eager to preserve the integrity of the
game, would disallow these Merits immediately, and
probably just chuck the rest of the Merits and Flaws
syste

for good measure

The catch, though, is that there really isn't any
such thing asthe integrity of the game". There's only
Jour gan, and you're perfectly welcome to pitch the
system f necessary. Meritsand Flawsare optional and
that means if the Storytellers says "No" then the
players don't get to take them. End of story

With all of that said, though, there are some

ood reasons to allow them. These reasons work

Neve anal Fiawst

under the assumption that a) they will be played as
intended, not used as point-dodges, and b) the
Storyteller knows what she's getting into.

Merits and Flaws can provide concrete remind:
ers and consequences af a character's history, The
character's line was cursed generations ago? Maybe
the Pierced Veil Flaw is the lingering reminder, The
Character entered a berserk frenzy during his First
Change and only knows that he came to covered in
blood? Pethaps the character is now Hunted... ot
Haunted. This works with Merits, tov. A character
Known tobe preternaturally lucky (viathe Charmed
Existence or Luck merits) will very likely acquire a
n — and probably has some little rituals
a rabbit's foot or something similar) that
Is bolster her fortune. A player who comes up,
n ideas fora character's history might find an
k-story waiting in one Merit ot Flaw,
ich the same vein, the Storyteller can use
such Traits as springboards for entire stories, If a
as the Flaw: Enemy, does that enemy
reserve her venom for just that character, or for the
entire pack? What if the enemy is an acquaintance

of one of the

ther packmates — or one of their
mentors! What if the enemy doesn't consider the
y to be anything more than a long-forgotten
ind it's the character that's nursing the grudge?
The astute reader might well point our thar any
of these ideas would work just fine withour imposing
point costs or bonuses. This is quite true. But in the
end, what do three o four more freebie points really.
amount to, especially if the trade-off is an original
history that che player might not have otherwise
considered? Again, as long as the story and not the
points (or the "kewl powerz") are the focus, there's
really no reason not to allow Merits and Flaws

112

—

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

rE EE,


son why a player cudnt play » Red Talon, so ifa player
comesupwith ane son forthecharacterbein
at the caem, why not allow it? Maybe the Red Talon was
born 200 and decided to return to the city after her
Rite of Passage. Perhaps the Talon isin disgrace from her
tribe and is sent to joi an urban. pack: as punishment
(what would that do to the pack dynamics?)

The aim here isn't w squelch a good chante
concept, of course, but simply to keep the game on the
level thac you want it. Ifa player really hal her heart
set on playing a Red Talon, and you decide that
for whatever ly aren't welcome at
thissept,askifpethapsthe samebasicconcepewoukdn't
work for a lupushreed werewolf of another tribe

Youmightchoose toplace otherrequirementson the
group. For example, you might wish to require that each
ofthe auspicesbe represented in the pack (which requites
atleast fiveplayers). Thisisrarelya problem; most players
‘would rather play something different than the others
anyway. you plan formuch ofthe frststorytotake place
ina nearby city, find out if the characters (homids
especially) are native tothe city. Ifso, you might choose
Cogivethose charactersa few freedots of Area Knowledge

the players to purchase those dots).

« the
players, if you don't already. You'll ger a glimpse at
what youcan expect during the chronicle, forbetter or
worse. Pay attention to people's decisions at this stage
— it will help you decide what kind of game these
players will enjoy

Every group has its problems, and chargen isa good
time to identify and address them. The story hasn't
begun yet, there's no cont todistupt, and youcan
identify behaviors that may prove damaging later
Some of these include:

* Betw anissue
if no one has ac everyone is all right with
gaming until the wee hours of the morning. That's
rarely the eave, however. Ifyou find th:

yer is ate
forthe charactercreation session — especially without
reason — axk if this is going t be a recurring problem.
Ie may seem nitpicky, but remember that one ehroni

cally late person can seriously derail things down the
line, forcing the group to

Storyteller play the errant pl:

* The man nme players, be it
because they are new to guming or because they just
can't think of a strong concept, let the books think for
them. They read the tribe description and come up with
conceptslike"Ahroun warrior" or"R:
isall right fora base, but ifthe cha

bash trickster."

Chapter Three: The Chronicle

CEO EE STON

IN

bemore than acaricarure, sheneedssome life and deta
The "Preludes" section, below, gives so
tocoax such things our of recaleitr
foe does that <oem randomly assis

ye ideas on how

t players, butwateh
med. Ifa homid-horns
character has 3 Brawl, ask why. Afterall, thar's enough
to indicate that the character could fight professionally;

very few people are that killed. Calling it into question
shouldn't

think to justify it

© The mathematician: It happens sometimes that
players forget that Werewolf is a Storytelling game
not a video game. You've barely finished saying that
the chronicle will be set at a cactn of healingand how
Dove isthe caern'stotem when you get asheet handed
back to you with ratingsof 5 in Brawl, Mele
and K. Some players equate
ills, vith: tha formula it min it
natural roarrange theircharactersascombs
The trick here is to change the player's Focus, not to
deride him for being a "ewink." Let him know th
sured by everybody having a good time

perfectly
monsters

and by telling a good story. The "good story" part of
that requires three-dimensional characters. Its quite
all right co play a warrior — the Garou culture is brutal
ter all —but a warrior with some depth
isamust. Pls, ifthe characterstarts out already maxed

licies, how will he develop? (IFlogic

here, you might well be dealing with a
tuccwvink,andexpulsion viacatapult isrecommended.,)

* The Unique Freak: No Garou is "typical."
Twelvetibes (thirteen, counting ld
yourStorytellerallow them), innumerablecamps within
tribes, five auspices, three br

racers

xds — the combinations
are endless. But some players feel that the only way to
have a truly "special" character is by playing something
truly removed from the group. Other Fe
choices for this, as are Abomin
the Lost Tribes. Playing other Fera in Werewolf games
is discussed elewhere (page 187), and has it's posibil
ties. As for the other foolishness, the best bet isto ask
why the player wants co play something like that. If the
answer is something like "Because it would be cool,"
then remind the player about the myriad possibilities
affonted by the combinations of characteristics listed

above. If she's really having trouble finding anything
now there, chance her he

are popular
nd members of

and auspice ran.
domly and see what the combination suggests.

Totemt

One of the first decisions the troupe will make as
agroup is what totem the pack follows. The Storyteller
can handle this decision in a number of ways, depend
ing on the type of chronicle she wants to have


First ‘can allow the players to choose the totem C yina (relatively) benign framework. About
before the game actually starts. The players total their dheonly disadvantage of this method of totem chy

tem ratings and decide what covet best represents thatiteanbetime-consuming. A troupe that mee
them and their char rs. and decide how to spend wee a month might wish to skip this preliminary

ny Totem points beyond the torem's base cost. The the meat of the chr
Jvantage to this method is that it gives the players Finally, the Story in choose wer forthe
g leg { control over their pack's purp Based on how n otem points the characters

the troupe wishes to tell. On. the spatronto thepack. The

downs perienced troup rants the Storyteller the
whatever totem they feel to be t deter ofthe pack and establish
bonuses for easiest Ban, and not worry hat lor hooks based m. This method is frankly

may mean in the long run to serve C

(for ex re to the legends and traditions thay

players understand what

ng a parcicular

d. The d

Anothermethod is hat it rem

sion from the player's hands, which
quest of some kind; perh: ‘ome players will find frustrating,

shar fnoneoftheplay
uchased the Totem Back
dl? The Storyteller should

with several possible totems. These totems,

all vying for a promising young pack to why the pack is shunned ot
he pack m

fies the pack (the totems i

ignored by spirits. Pethaps the
and decide based on how

pack has an ignominious de

ts brood whe part of

tion, of course, should be those 1 Pechapsthepacksimply nees!

the pack's collective Totem ati
oesible). This method

choosing a totem need not be so

prove itself ef
reitfavor. Whateve
on, thelack ofa

involved, however. The pack could totemisjustastellingabouta

Prefuaer

Preludes—the one-on.

simply ask an elder to perform the
Rite ofthe

ome degree on

or the Storytell
to make astor

to run pre
naximum ef
fect, and some alternate
ways of running them

Preludes, as the main

should be s
the Storyteller

ssibly ev
possibly even in


separate room. This is the players time to decide and
roleplay the character's "formative moments" of her
Iyeanthropic lie, and the less distraction
etter. What happens during a werewoll's Fist Change
should shape that character's outlook fairly seriously
Forexample,a character that changes in response to an

pted mugging oF rape is likely to wind up killing

wolved, the

wrckthecharacterwith guilt. However, ifthe character's
First Change isin response cosomething less violent —
simmply being out under her auspice's moon and chang

is likely much less stressed

about it. She
but scontrolit (since hershapeshift
not seem, co her, to be attached to uncontrollable rage)
before other C

Preludesshou
into consideration. The preluxle should give the player
ahint as to how difficult it will be to maintain Back-
‘grounds such as Resources and Allies over the course

of the chronicle. Perhaps the Curse results na charac-
ter losing her job (reflected by that character not
having any dots in Resources), or a friend of the
character sees her change and loses her mind to the
Delirium. At the same time, a character with the
Ancestors Rackgromnd should 1

ses drenink ead
sist her (whic!
to the brink of
Wwe a fetish during
‘ort of family heérloorm

whispersas her spiritual guides try te
may have the effect of pushing
sanity). A character likely won't
the prelude, unlese it is son
that she's also owned. If that's the ease, whi
if she sets it off by accident?

Metis and lupus characters require different ap.
proaches to their preludes. A Tupus werewol?s attitude
towards humans is a very important consideration,
themajorityof Garoushe will meet will be human-bom,
Did she grow up in captivity, wel fed and warm, loved
by n keepers? Or did she skulk: around a farming
community, her territory shrinkingevery year, livingin

of being shor? The prelude should also serve as a
chance t practice roleplaying the lupustnindsct. Wolves
ddon't think the same way that humans do, and the way
4 wolf relates to suddenly being able to think in con:
cepts, rather than images, shoukl be key to roleplaying
the ch: Asthe lupus learns about burnans, she'll
discover that her instincts ean be used against her, and
she needs to ignore them sometimes. This revelation.
shouldbe asscary asany that a homid werewolfendures

Met have been part of werewolf socicty
since birth, and are arguably better equipped to deal
with the sudden transition into tive members" of
that society than homid and lupus Garou. However,

happens

Chapter Three: The Chronicle

CES, SE TD OY TOON

a LeU PEN

the stigma attached to their birth should calor every
aspect of their upbringing. Imagine being an
Philodox, and being told that your auspic
sible for enforcing the Litany — of which you a
walking violation. A mecis wil I
home sept better than any of the
she very likely grew up there) and should know the
ne and reputation. The
is to "meet" these

other members, at least by ni
prelude is a good time for the

characters and discover how they fee

bout her

Storytelling the preludes in "mini- sone
(and probably the best) option, but what if the grou
is pressed for time? The Storyteller may choose to
simply give cach players list of questions (email works
quite well for this). The questions should be similar to
the ones found on page 104 of Werewolf, and should
be tailored to each character. Ask about Backgrounds
—names of Allies and Contacts, where the character
got the Fetish, any illustrious Ancestors. Ifthe Story
teller allows Merits and Flaws, those should receive
attention here, too (see the sidebar).

nother possibility for preludes és a game called
sirting in the center of the room and letting the other
playersask questions, which the player then answers in
character (orat least about the character it's perfectly
during thisgame). The advan

ge to hot seat isthat the
players will likely think of some good questions that
the Storytell

does not. Alo, ifone player asks about
ters favorite a flaver (for example
the other players will think about it even if they a
asked. There are several caveats to hot seat, however
First of all, some people get uncomfortable being "on
the spor," and that should be respected. Also, make
sure that the player is writing her own answers down,
If she doesn't, she will likely forget interesting details
that you could use as plot devices later

WhatevermethodofpreludetheSte
she should p.

tellerchocses,
what each indi
nt characters

very close attentic

include the deaths of their fathers in their concepts, but
cone player writes detailed description of her life with
her father, the circumstances of his death, and the day
of the funeral, whereas the other player spe
jarouand other post First Chi
have some good clues as to what each
important. Perhaps the first player could ru
uncle she barely knew later in the chionicle

events, you
ayer finds

cclative
who can tell her things about her father that she never
got todiscover. Maybe the latter character, by throwi
herself so completely into her life as werewolF, i tryi

115


|

— Ak

something from her human life. Even if the

"c tell you straight out what is important to
ny the things they choose to detail should give you
more than enough material.

Thematic Clemente

The players have gone home for the evening, and Matt
books, not quite ready to sleep. The players decided on
Linasiana as their home, and Matt decides to create a sept
in the southem reaches ofthe state, within spitting distance
of the Gulf of Mexico. With thar decision made, however
he isn't sure what this chronicle is going to be about.
Mate reflects tha the characters are all, in their ways,
ders cd strangers. The packisamodley crew, indeed.
Different ribes, two metis, all young, all rather tgnorant.
As od a group as they are, Matt reflects that they
symbolize the current Garou Nacion perfect!y —overshad:
owed by doubt andl fear, at odds with each other, and
thrown together only by circumstance (Matt decides that
the five of them are the only cliaths at the sept). If they can
leam to-reconcile their differences, dwy could teach the
Garow Nation as a whole. but teach them what? Matt
considers, and his eyes fal on his stack of books again
Nuwisha, Corax, Mokolé...what if this young pack
could reconcile with some of the other Breeds?
Designing a chronicle is such a big task that
where to start is difficult. Depending on

whether you want the characters to influence the
chronicle or vice versa, you might start with character
creation (the player's characters, of course, should

always take center stage, which is why character cre-
ation is presented first in this chapter).

Whenbuildingthe chronicle, you'll wanttoconsider
whetherit will bedriven primarily by the charactersorby
theplot. Likewise, you'll want to pay attention to themes
iploy symbolism and atmospheric
clements to make the chronicle live for the players.

Tnonkile Foeut — Character we. ot

Do you

nd moods, and

rea plot already forming in your head,
only requiring the intrepid pack of Garou: to struggle
through it? Or would you rather let the pack form whole
player's imaginations, and see what
hee «

thod has merit. If you have
hour where the game will go, the game will
jore structured and probably more epic. If you rely
on theplayersand theircharacterstobuikl the chronicle
‘one story at a time, you will cet

ers
the events in the chronicle a great de
You can combine these methoxs,

ight choose to start off a chronicle with

116

mote.

course. ¥
story that
tories dircetly, just

involve the characters' h

———

to get them working togetherand establish the setting.
ind then later design stories more

personal to the characters.

probably the most important — is what the players

want. Youmighth
tic Werewolf g:

vea great idea fora post-Apocalyp-
¢, bur ifthe players are mote inter-
ested in pla modern-day game, you'llda bete:
listen to them. This doesn't mean chat the players
should control the chronicle; you're the Storyteller,
and you're perfectly within your rights to do as much
of as little stage-serting as you feel necessary. Just be
aware of your players' thoughts on the matter, and be
ready ro make some concessions to them if need be.

Theme

Most Werewolf books (indeed, most White Wolf
books) talk about a theme and mood importancwo the
book's subject matter. The two terms ate similar, but
fundamentally distinct. In brief, the theme is what the
story is about

For example, in the example above, Matt decides
that a major aheme of his chronicle is going to be the
young teaching the old. This is a variation of the
Marked by Destiny theme mentioned in the Werewolf
book; the characters, whether they know it or not
going to show their sept what the Garou should be —
not what they once were. To further specify this theme
Matt decides to use the other Fera and the Warof Ra
asfocuspoints—the youngpack hasachance toatone
for (or exacerhare) rhe wounds left hy the Garow's war
on the other Breeds.

But how to make the theme shine through in the
chronicle? The Storyteller needs to consider cach indi-
idual story. Asthe story begins, he should think of
» integrate the story's events into the overall theme of
the chronicle. If the theme of the chronicle is that the

inventing" Garou tradition as they go, then a new'story
should probably include a new facet of che society that
they never leamed, and must now try
the example above, Mate might introduce a member of
a different Breed during each story.
‘TheStorytellershould note heavy-handed when
applying the theme to stories. Ifthe players wish to
take the chronicle in adifferent direction. try to apply
the theme to the stories they wish totell, not yank the
plotline back to where you feel it should be. The
"Young and Scared" theme mentioned above might
quest for another sept of Garou to help them, but that
quest would be a fine story. Don't make the theme feel
forced

doing so throws the players out of the story

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ins


Mood

The mood of a chronicle should "set off" the
theme. The mood describes the general feel of the
chronicle, and can be expressed by such things as

WW weather, attitudes of Storyteller characters, and the
music the Storyteller plays during the game (if any)
The mood should enhance the player's understanding
and appreciation of the chronicle, so if the players just
don't scem to be "getting it," the Storyteller might
need to make the mood a bit les subtle

Themoodcanandshould playa large part in the way
the Storyteller structures the game. For example, Matt's
chronicle is thematically about the you
traditional society schooling the old. This suggests
hidebound, ritualistic hackdrop, but the stated setting for
the game is southem Louisiana. This simply means that
the traditionalist mood need to come thtoxagh in other
ways. To enforce this mood, Matt might decide to have
thesept leader he especially xenophobic — new
andvisitorstotheseptarerare,andwhilethemootsaren't
as formal as some other septs, the same Garou perform
them in the sam inet ry month. This stubborn,
"that's the-way-it's-always been" ambiance will sce the
characters (who, as mentioned, are not only new tobeing
Garou but outside y other ways) into their roles

thers anal rebels, whether they mean to be or not

hasis on "knowing your place" and "stickin
tradition" helps to create the mood of orthodoxy and
hidebound rituals

he Storyteller can (and shoukl) use visual ele

ments as well; perhaps the sept grounds include the
ygremainsofaonce-beautiful plantation house.

While in past years, the house was magnificent and

included slave quarters andseveral other outbuildings,

all that remains now is the main building, covered in
moss and vines, cellar flooded with swamp water,
snakes sunning themselves on the porch.

Note, however, that just as not every story needs to
he tied slavishly toa chronicle's theme, the mood of a
story might well vary greatly from the mood of the
chronicle. Suppose the characters go on a spirit quest far
from their home? The mood will likely be very different,
simply because the suroundlings are so diferent. How:
ever, the Storyteller may wish to throw little reminders
into the story just wo keep the overarching mood in the
players' minds. While visitinga far-off sepr, the characters
from Mat'sisolationist Seprof the Bayou might run afoul
ofacranky, suspicious Master of the Rite, and one of the
acters might mutter, "Just like being at home."

Even more than the game's theme, the mood must
bemaintained. lfthe Storyteller uses.acert
of incense to set the mood, he should use it
ame. That way, when and ifthe pack does go travelin

Chapter Three: The Chronicle

CE ETS A SUN

INN

andhe deliberately doesn'tuse thescent, the players will
notice the ch

and know that their characters are far

from home. Storyteller characters should be played
ly — that way a sudden (or even subrle)

change in personality will tip the characters aff that

something's even wish t0

choose "theme so t places or charac

ters; after a whil

with its character. Thisallowshim to give players subtle
hints (ifthe players are wondering which sept elder to
ask for advice, playing a given elders song might be
helpful without forcing their hands too much).
Game Dein

"Allright, ads and gens," says Mattas the players tae
their seats. "Go ahead and wnite "To End All Wars" under
"Chronicle" on yourchavacter sheets. Anybady needansthing
explained before we start?" He pauses wale the players glance
over their sheets. Theyallloak fairly comfident, so Mat presses
play om his stereo and the sounds of wolf howls quietly play in
the background. "Alleyes are om you as you take your places

I be? How does he popu

ents of the chronicle, but how does the Storyteller
decide what those events

arctan the moot fire. This isthe first moot you ve attended as
aapock, and the elders of te sept

"Are we gonna order pizza?" pipes Ryan, Matt shoots
him a glare and growls a reminder about out-of-character
late herseptor ereate enemies forthe pack? The then
of the chr
provide the Storyteller
those things translate into game play?

interruptions, but concedes thatthe idea has meri.

Theme and mood should contribute heavily to the
aspiration from the Players

It would seem a no-brainer, but Storytellers often
ignore the characters in designing the game. This isa
mistake. If a player states that she and another Garou
developed a rivalry that nearly erupted into. lethal
combat during a Rite of Passage, why couldn't that rival
have taken a minor sept position (such as Wyrm Foe)
and hold it over the character's head? Ifa character is
obsessed with leaning the Silver Record, perhaps the
sept is home to an aloof but widely renowned Galland
Ik of the Record by heart

Placing such importance on the character
tivations and goals encourages the players themselves
to emphasize these things. When the Storyteller finds
herself stuck for ideas, glancing over the pack'scharac-
ter sheets may well yield some plot hooks,

Myphie Cyche
A detailed discussion of the different types of folk-
loric pattems in literature is beyond the scope af thisbook

cle isa fine concept, and the mood mizhit

as, but how do

who knows a large chi

117


|

(though the Bibliography contains several good sugges-
tions), However, several suggestions on using such pat
tems in Werewolf chronicles are presented here:

© The Hero's Journey: Yeu don
» thing about mythology, sociology, or literature to use
the Hero's Journey. Alll you need to do is have a look
at Star Wars, or The Matrix, or any one of hundreds of

need to know

twelve stages, which typically happen in a pre-deter-
mined order. These steps are:

1) The Ordinary World — The characters in their
normal routine

2) The Call to Adventure — Exa
choracters are jarred from their everyday lives and
forced into action (or reaction).

3) The Refusal of the Call — ‘The characters save
themselves during the Call to Adventure, bat for
ot pursue the matter further.

4) Meeting with the Mentor — This can be
mentorasdictated by the Background ofthe same nian
or simply an elder interested in the characters. The
mentor usually explains the Call to Adventure andl

he charactets why dey should follow it

5) Crossing the First Threshold — The characters
enter the story whole-heartedly. This stage marks the
"no turning back" point; they are enmeshed in the

adventure for the duration,

6) Tests, Ales, Enemies — The characters gain infor:
imation about their enemies, make new friend, discover
traitors, and endure huattes and hardships. Regardless of
what happens here, ieshould relate tothe storyasa whole.

7) Approd cave — The chara
ters discover their goal; what they need to do to defeat
their enemies. In some cases, this means figuring out
who their enemies actully are

8) The Supreme Ordeal — The charact
They lose a battle, lose hope, le
they are defeated. This is the stage where the characters
hit rock bottom and must confront their own d

9) The Reward —The charactersteap the benefits
of their tenacity; although they suffered a defeat, they
come away with information or another edge that will

tly thar; the

whatever reason, do

impresses

h co the Inmost

mons.

allow them to hest cheit foes.
10) The Road Back — The characters haven't
won. The; toimplemonrwhateverthey

gained during the Reward phase. This usually involves
being pursued or otherwise dogged by their enemies.

11) The Final Threshold — The characters con:
front their foes and use what they've learned to wit

The victory may indeed by costly — the characters
may not all survive it — but in the end, there should
be some monumental ch:

118

——

a 27 ee

2) The Retum — Renown is handed 0
challenges ensue, the pack's leadership may ¢
Thisisthe denouement, whereall ofthe fallout fromthe
Final Threshold isrealized. Plotlines left danglingshould
be tied upsomehow. The end of the story should rec
at least as much consider ing before it

The Hero's Journey does not need to be structured
this way. It can and shy

ibd be varied, otherwise it will
feel formulaic. Take into account where the characte
begin —perhapsthere really isn't an "Ordinary World
for them. Pethaps they don't refuse the call and wish to
pursue the adventure from the get-g0. Don't force the
players to follow apre-ordained schedule of events just
because Hollywood always seems to,

© Urban Legends: Urban legends are folkloric
stories presented as real occurrences that usually carry
some sort of message. That message can be real and

applicable, or it can betray a society's fears and pr
dices, but cither way both specific urban levends and
their general tone can make for good Werewolf stories
srexample,storieshave circulated for yearsabout

giant alligators in New York's sewers
catfich living in recervoirs. Nothi

1 monster
ays these crea:

xl plague—or even aid—thenoble
Garou, (Examples of such beasts can be found in the

tures can't exist

fact.) But other, less fantastical
tke for goud stony fodder, tou. How about the
story of the kidney thieves, where an unfortunate
Vietim wakes up in a bathtub full of ice after a wikl
party, only todiscover that one (or hoth) of hiskidneys
have been removed to be sold on the black market?
‘There's no truth to this story — but doesn't it sound
like something that would happen in the World of
Darkness? What if such a victim was Kinfolk to one of
the characters — or worse, what if the victim was
(this would require a drug potent enough to
kknock the character out, but that only adds to the
horror)? Who would do such a thing? Pentex? DNA?
Rather than using urban legends as ploc hooks di

weetly, the Storyteller may simply take their style and
implement it for a story. Urban legends usually have a
poetic or ironic twist, or at the very least, a simple moral

"The familiar story about the babysitter who receives
phone calls from a madman on an upstaits phone, for
‘example, has a very clear moral — chill care demands a
srcat deal of caponsibiliy, and the children do nced tebe
checked often, threatening phone calls or no. The "kid

ney thieves" story usally involve
scranger ata party or club and wakes up missing org
this story cautions us to take care when traveling
‘Storyeellercan work in these simple yet hutal mcthoxs of
driving home the truths of living in Garou society. Per
haps a member of the sepr developsa wasting disease that

traveler who meetsa

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Ty,



|

characters to see if che concepts they dreamed up will
stand against the rigors of roleplaying, and to see if
those concepts are appropriate to the chronicle. The
Storyteller is testing moods, themes, ideas, his own
characters, and his storytelling and gamemastering
abilities. The first story needs to have effo
into it — itis after al

the measuring stick by which
every other story in the chronicle will be judged.

Length ave Bovahth

The first story probably shouldn't go more th
three sessions. There needs to be a distinct end to it, to
emphasize that this story isa lead-in to the chronicle,
butisnot the whole chronicle. Thestory should be fairly
while

0

concise

ccan certainly introduce ploe hooks
that are lefe dangling, the main challenge of the story
should be resolved. This gives the characters a nor
victory they can claim (orperhapsadefeatto livedown)
andi gives the players good jumping-off point.

Ifthe playersare not familiar with Werewolf, use the
first story to lightly incorporate as much of the game as
possible. Combat, the Umbra, Gifts rites, spirits — make
the story a light overview of Werewolf. Don't focus roo
much on one aspeet (especially not combat) — let the
players sample various elements. They will decide (and
probably ler you know) which parts they like the best
Ticaking

When the first story isover, you may wish to allow
the players to "tweak" their characters slightly. Per
hhaps a player flippant referred co her days as
school athlete, bur has no rating tn Athletics. You
might consider letting her swap dots from another

Ability to bring her character in line with this past
experience. Just as a play can't really be
unless it'sseen in production, a characte
tested except i

appreciated
n'cfully be
ime play. The first story should still
he considered part of the preliminary stages of a
chronicle, and that means minor chang
thing, characters, plot, and so on, are acee

to every
ble.

You should also nail down any house rules you

decide 10 use by the end of the first story. You might
dlecide that the borch rules presented in Werewolf are
"too soft" and rule that a roll is botched iff more one's
are rolled than successes. Tell your players about this
change, test it during the first story, and keep it orserap

Ciperionce and Other Reward

Youre settinga precedent in how much experience
at the

id ivf the first story. Reward practices
ourage —aparticularly good scene might

nce point granted on the spot. Likewise
itisacceptable todock experience from players whoshow

120

yougiveo
you wish toe

merit an exp

‘etently. Just make cure

a

you have a system fiom doling out experience, so that if
someone asks why they only received two points this
instead of three, you know how to answer
acters accrue Renown during game play, or is it all
granted at a moot when the characters tell the stories
of their exploits (which puts great deal of responsibil:
ity on the pock's Galliard)? Chapter One gives more
n and advice on Renown and Rank, but
be consistent

Decide how difficult itis for characters to learn

ifts and raise other Traits. Don't allow one player to
simply spend the experience and lear a new Gilt
while another must go on a prolonged spirit quest
(unless the latter character has some stated handicap
when it comes to learning Gils, of course)

Downtime

After the first story, the Storyteller must decide
how much rime passes between stories. This is impor
tant — if the next story begins only a day later, the
characters have barely had time to breathe, much less
recuperate (which might be exactly the effect you
want}. Ask the players to consider what their charae
tersdoduring the downtime. Do they attempt to learn

ew Gifts or rites? Do they seek training from other
aroul, ordo they return to their pre-Garou lives given
halfa chance? If they wish to follow up on leads and
hints discovered during the frst story, listen carefully
They are complimenting you on a well-crafted tale by
payit ittention and caring about the story. Your
thanks should take the form of letting their char
follow thi
using the

Wise

Once the chronicle has begun and a story or two
have been told, Storytellers may be tempted to coast
Afterall, the pack has likely made some friends — and
‘enemies —and the players have discovered what they
like and do not like abour Werewolf. If the players
seem to enjoy a rousing combar, why not throw ane
into every session? If they enjoy questing into the
Umbra, why, chere are thirteen Realms mentioned in
the core hook — enough for more than a do:

The da

exciting

cers
ths thar the players find intriguing, and
paths to craft the next story.

nstories,

4 hreie slwald be obvivas. No matter
plotline was when the players fist
experienced it, it will not have the same elfect the
second time. During the body of the chronicle, the

ryteller should keep her eyes on progression, not
repetition. That is, where is the chronicle his
section deals with how to make sure the chronicle goes
somewhere, preferably somewhere

ertaining

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

RE


rrovidle Dewefopment

Matt closes the door behind his players and walls hack
ino the living room. He pus away the books and the
character sheets, anu flips open a notebook to write down
the events of the recently concluded story.

The pack is not the same doubrfut, tentative bunch of
Garou that he hegam the chronicle with Halles charactor,
Veuila, is pregnant. This will entail her making another
character, probably a the end ofthe nextstory, as Vevda will
soon be too far along to shapeshift. Brian' s Fenrir warrior has
stopped drinking, and has finctionally assumed leadership of
the pack, even though Vevia is stil technically alpha, The
Rea Talon — Julie's character — has begun accompan
Blood Rain and the other Red Talons of the sept on their

"nants". Like the other Talons, Red Shadow does not kw
that Blood Rain isa Black Spiral spy. Allinal, che characters

are coming along nicely. But where to go next?
Pack Development

As the chronicle progresses, the pack must de-
velopas an entity. Each character develops separately
ter progression is simple (at lea
15) as the players spernd experience points
The pack's development, however, is a bit subtler.
Pay attention to what the cha

acters do during
downtime. Do they go their separate ways! Do any of
them pay homage to their totem? Do they hang
rogether as friends, or do they consider each other co-
workers! A pack has a spiritual bond, and most pack
members would fight 0 the death to protect each
other. That doesn't make them friends, however, and
that truth ean be hard to understand.

Ifthe pack doesnot spend any time improving itself
asa pack, perhaps they find pack tactics harder tose as
their mystical connection erodes. Perhaps their totem

rowisdistancorshowsfavoritism tothe pack member(s)
that pay attention to it Ifthe pack statts fragmenting,
inceoduce a Storyteller-controlled pack that makes the
characters looks pathetic. The pack isone of thecentral
componentsof a Werewolf game, and it needs
attention as any of che werewolves that comprise it

One reason the pack needs so much attention is
that each pack in the End Times has a quest to
complete. Once that purpose isfilled, the pack need no
longer remain together. Indeed, it is possible for a
Garou to join a pack while still young, scay with that
pack until it completes itsquest,and then join another
ppock later (though this is by no means common).

‘As Storyteller, you should be thinking about the
pack's quest from the very first story. The pack's torem
should be a guide — a pack that follows Fens, for
example, likely has a different purpose than one that
follows Dolphin. Also, consider what

pack

Chapter Thre

: The Chronicle

EL, ET NY TEN

INN es

member belong to — a tribe composed mostly (or
entirely) of Uk Wendigo might be destined 10
right some great wrong the Wyrmcomers inflicted on
the Pure Lands (on the other hand, a pack cor
of Wyrmeomers might have the same purpose,
stories involved would be quite different)

put the

Pethaps most importantly, listen to the players
They will very likely find their own goals for the pack,
and although it might pain the Storyteller to set aside
her carefully planned storylines, hearing the player's
rousing cheers as they destroy their arch-enemy or
reopen a lost pathway to a home realm inevitably
makes it worthwhile

As the pack's path becomes clearer, you can start
giving them signsand visions of theirdestiny. Dreams are
‘one possibilty, especiallyifthepack's Theurgchas learned
the Gift: Sight from Beyond. The way that other beings
react to the pock might also foreshadow their fate. Ia
pack'spurpose isto preventacaem from defilementhy the
Wynn's forces, pethaps spirits begin referring to the puck
members as "honored guardians" or "noble defenders
Thepack will probably assume thatthe spiritsare referring
to their dutice ar Gaia's

A pack's Renown should ako help t gauge their
purpose. Ifthe pack hasa repuration for prowess in battle,
Abroun will likely acknowledge that when they meet the
pack. You can gauge a pack's Renown by averaging the
Permanent Renown scores ofthe individual members, ot
you could keep a loose record of Renown for the pack as

ders, at least for a while

a whole. As Calliards begin singing tales of the pack's
exploits, the pack might discover thar Theurges have
seen visions of them performing some great deed. That

deed may well become their pu

Asthe pack develops, youmight consider astory that
saresses (or puts stress upon) the bonds between its
members. Playon the differences between the chumacters
back-storiesandattitudes. Pethaps some of them feel that
the Wyrm is the greater threat, while others fear the
machinations of the Weaver. Pur them in a position
where they must choose their foe — all things being
equal, how does the pack handle that kink of decision?
Another way to highlight the importance of the pack is
through its torem. Totems are not omnipotent or neces
sarily benign forces das, which
means they sometimes work at cross-purpases with other
spitits, Take a youd look a the pack'stoxem andsce what
images — and stories — come to mind.

Draracter Devefopment
Each member of the pack has her own story to

complete. As Storyteller, you must be ready tohelp the
playersin telling thesestories, and thereare

ny of them have age

you can help players to develop their ¢

wracters

121


|

ne AZ

One of the simplest is to guide experience point
expenditure, Buying new Traits shouldalwaysbea joint
effort between player and Storyteller. The Storytellers
the final iudge of whether or not a character is ready to
buy a new Trait or increase an old one, and because
increasing an Ability or Attribute isa twenty percent
increase (as each such Trait has five dot maximum), a
place before raising the Trait. Be particularly careful
about letting players raise Abilities to four and five dots
Having such a score indicates that the character is
the world's best at the Ability! Also, take into:
tion the character's foibles when allowing (or
restricting) experience purchases. Ifa character is un-
comfortable in the spirit realms and prefers talking to
material beings to trying to deal with spirits, it doesn't
ake sense for the character to buy a new Gift every

consid

session. Infact, youmay well ule that thesep's Thearge
needs proof that the character can handle leari
Gilt hefore he summons a spirit to teach it. Likewi
av character wishes to learn a new lang

‘on taking a great deal of downtime between stories, the
player can simply say "My character devotes three hours
Alay tostudying," but ifthe character needs tolearn the
language while a story is actually going on, her player
needs tofind the time for the character to hit the bool
Before experience is spent, of course, it has to be
eamed, Another way to guide character development is
by the Leaming Curve point award (see page 180 of
Werewolf). If che character learned anychi nea
the lesson grants an experience point. However,
the Storytellershould make sure that whae the character
learned isn't

n by the next el

ping to be forgoc
especially ifthe character g 7
into the pak, the Garou, or herself Ifa character comes
to the conclusion that the eklers in the sept are just
posturing and aren't really as great
made out to be, write thar down so d

re some

nal wise as they're
¢ you can refer to
it in later games. Perhaps the Wyrm's minions might use

thecharacter'srebelliousthoughtsagainst her. And what
ifshe voices her attitudes and ehe elders find out? That
might make foe difficule rank challenges later on.

Each character has (or shoukd have) a istory, a story
that beyan long before the character joined the pack. The
more detail the pk ihout their char :
prsts, the more attention you can give to their furures.
Likewise, ifaplayerleavestarge segments ofhis characters
past empty (which the Storyteller should discourage dur:
that don't get filled) ehe Storytellers within her rights to
make some history up herself (withity reason and with
player approval, of course — the player shoukd retain
control ofhercharacter!). After afew storics Ihave pase,

ns provid

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

lookat each character's history and b
thereare elements that are asyet unresolved that could be
worked into upcoming stories. Likewise, look for any new
developments. New enemies, new frie
bat

(and possibly battle scars) —all ofthese things ean
«characters outlook. So what ifa character hadl a
sitlfriend before becoming a G:
hepack
rm-infested eesspitsarxl Unb
Visit and asks why he hasn't written lat
viewhertlssheasafchaven fromthe horor that hislifehos
become? Or is she a stifling reminder of the banality of
Jhuman life? Lupus and metis characters may have similar
experiences. What if.a lupus werewolf desires to vist her
‘old territory and findsmuch of tpaved? Whatifa metishas
always wanted to find his real parents? Any of these can
become stores for che entire pack, and hecause they
involve the characters (orat least one of them) sodieetly,
the stakes are much higher in such stories. Also, they
ppock development, asthe entire pack lends
efforts to the needs or desis of ene ofits members

ou and hasn't seen her
through
ches, she con
How does he

sincehelefeeojoi

Renown and reputation contribute 10 character
developmentin much thesame way that they doo pack
development. Perhaps.a character enters Garou society
withouta deed name, and gains one during a story. The
storyofhow the charactergained hername will likely be
told at a moot, bolstering the character's Renown and
‘cementing her place in the sept. As characters gain
ions, other Garou — even eklers — might seek
n out for advice and aid in
reputations arc usually specific;
warrior, it is unlikely chat a character will ever be
knownsimplyas"agoodighter." Instead, the character's
penchant for tearing out opponent's throats might
become a subject of conversation — even among her
enemies. As characters gain Renown, and eventually
rank, they should find themselves shouldering new
responsibilities. Abroun may he required to train new
Guardians. Galliards, Philodox, and Theurges are all
expected to learn rites of various kinds, Of course, no
‘one really knows what to expect from the no-moons..

Story Datwlopment

Asthe pack progresses towands whatever goalsitmay
hhave set, keep in mind the direction of the story. While
the players may take control and develop their own
agendas, and while these agendas may take entire stories
to realize, the Storyteller must always be realy to throw
the characters headlong into another plot twist. Some
Storytellers, after a few stories (or even just a few chap
ters) run dry and find themselves floundering for ideas

Inspiration for new stories is all around
the news— there's always some crisis oceurrin
where, and perhaps the larest one

ain end

wors. Such,


good Werewolf story. Likewise, books, film, televi-
sion, and even music can suggest a story

However, in the middle of a chronicle, the best
source of in

ication might well be what has gone before.
Are there any dangling plot hooks thar could suddenly
become crucial? Does the pack have enemies that could
show up to make trouble? Avoid gratuitous use of "had
guys" here; if they're going to show up to challenge the
pack, their plan shouldn't be "throw ourselves at the pack
until they kills." Ask yourself what the antagonists want
that would bring them into conflict with che characters.

fnothing from the chronicle to this point inspires
you {or if the chronicle is still young enough thar the
characters' exploits haven't had far-reaching conse-
quences), throw the pack curve ball. Petha
ated ekler dies, apparently of natural causes. One such
death can easily fuel a story. Someone
perform the Gathering for the Departed. Perhaps the
eller left instructions with another Garou regarding the
treatment of his body —or his fetishes. And whae ifthe
elder didn't really die of natural causes at all?

il, must

a ELE PEC

Another possibility isto ask the players what they
would like to sce (which the Storyteller should do
periodically anyway) One method that works wellisto
forthechronicle, and seeif any of the suggestions match
up. The players wll likely remember events and charac
ters that the Storyteller thought insignificant at the

the players think the blom/-haired man they
diner during the very first session was
important in some way, mi

«him so. Create a persona
htm, and bring him into the chronicle
jime with motivation and agenda, You can

and history
his
also etthe playerssubtly sh "Remember
hhow thin the guy is? And how he picked at his food I'l
bet he's a Corax!" When you hear things like this, put
on your best poker face and let the players enjoy saying
"L knew it!" when the blond man grows feathers.

Serypdir aracter Development

‘The elders of the sept, the characters' lovers and
fiends, even the pack's worst enemy

these charac
tervare asdeservingof development and growth as:any

Some Storytellers fallow White Wolf "canon" rel
slously. Ifa caem falls in Rage Across Ohio, then
inthe chronicle. A major villain
heen terrorizing the character's sept and the pa
o battle

looking forwand 10 meeting

Other Storytellers ofcourse, coulda'teare es. A
the Golden Rule— supposedly the only inviolae rule oft
game —says that the game belongs to the players right? So
who caresif Tah Kealb, the Seto ofthe Wm, dies
soureeboe! Not in your World of Darkness, he dik

Frankly, either of the
isn't there to dictate bow you run your gam
rake the workl of Werewolf a bit move dynamic. if somne
thing happens in a sourcebook thar yeu feel wou! never
Ihave happen in your chronicle, iancee ic (or better y
have your players pack of the she
don't mind. You know the news of your ¢

¢ attiaudes is fine. The m

cle better
than we ever could.

Allsell and good, buewhataboucwhen apke
uupa new sourcebook, reads

SCONHS
jonieal" event, and
er around it? De
you veto the klea, simply because ie would rely toomuch on
retaploc? Of course not. Read the sourcebook in que
and decide, first ofall, the idea has good story po

wants to hase a major facet of hi

Ifs0, work with the player,
and go forwaed wich the ide

nt ell me
lachine, "Killing in the Name"

Onarelated note, if you're planning on makinga major

change to established canon, or changing the basic nules of

perfectlyall right to decide that the Garou have already won
the war in the Amazon, or have made peace with the
Ananasi, or even to rule that the bite of a wertwolf is
Werewolf games, in fact), But the pla
about it, so that they may take such ch

ets deserve to kn

when creating their characters. Pls, you might want to tun
your ideas theplayersfirt. You mightdetest the whole ide
thar werewolves leam "Gifts" from spirits, but your players
may feel differently, and might well resent such a fundamen.

tal aspect of the game being yanked out from under them.

are resources for Werewolf, not instmiction mans, They

shoul provide deasand plorhooks, not force

playing a certain tribe because a hook says they all disp
red one fine doy, With all thot in

rx, don't let the

imetaplot make youangry, either. [fevery event inevery book
came with a little disclaimer saying "Only use this klea in
‘your games if you really want to," the books wouk contain
aboue 10 pages of eal content. There's alot of
inthese books, so leritnsftre your stories, nocinfluence them,

Chapter Three: The Chronicle

Qe ere

all


|

ome A LSD

that the players control. These characters learn from
their mistakes and experiences just as the players'
characters do, and their motivations and goals

rards to the pack —can and should
nryteller characters are not well-
ded and interest little more than the

especially w
evolve. If the

rou 2. they

indors of

ters, the more the pack will feel that the story is a

living, ongoing drama,
This dox
ceast has all the answers, Sometimes they li
times they don't know what they're talkingabout —or
just misunderstand whar they're asked. If you have a
good grasp of a character's background and knowled
(sometimes it's a good idea to make a "what she know
list on the back of a Storyteller character's sheet or in
a notebook), you run a much-reduced risk of portra
ing the character inconsistently — and the more
consistent a character is, the easier it is for the players
to notice when something does change
Friends: The pack's allies and friends ean be diffi
cult to play well. Iris tempting. for both the Storyteller
and the players, to regards charactets represented by
Backgrounds (Allies, Contacts, Kinfolkand Mentor) as
resources for the character to call upon, Consider these
volved, but the character's relationship with them. By
taking dots in the Mentor background, the player isn't
ws a higher-ranked Garou, he's creating a rela-
mind, these relationships need to be maintained, and
the cost of that maintenance is langely up to the
teller. Mentors may de

mean, however thar the

porting

tory-
wl help with complicated
rites, of may send young Garou on missions to fetch
hherbsor spirits. One character'sMentor hei
of another character's Mentor, and the two doti
elders may begin a sort of "p
encour

contest" as each one

es his charge to outdo the other's,

Allies are the eh:
that the
getsout oft. It's

er's friends, and that m
oryteller needs to know not only what the
of the relationship, bur what the Ally
that the character bowls with the
nd since they're friends, the character

county sheriff,

‘can nuxlget
but wh:

ironmentalerimes,
1 the sheriff (other thane
\m's average)? The Storyteller
ally have Allies contact the character

rors the character would seem to
thorncter goes for a long period! of
nsider whether or
olucollege buddy with

‘whom the character exchanges Christmascards, but has

124

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Tile contact with otherwise, will probably not be
annoyed at not hearing from the character in months,
but che bowling buddy will be justifiably miffed if the
character misses league night three weeks in a row
Maintaining Contacts is much simpler. Since a per-
sonal relationship is not assumed, as it is with Allies,

Contacts can usually be called upon with impunity. How
ever;the Stortellercans

use these chasactesstsh
the story. Suppose the character has a Conta
happens to bea secretary foran executive at Ki
ies. What happens if she gets promoted to management
"The character now has to worry whether or not her new
Poxition will taint her—and what that
Garou, Likewise, since Contacts ofte
particular loyalty
cither t0
themon. Andifthepoliceeverhavearenson toinvestigate
a character, they will look up any known associates. A
‘Contact withagoodmemoryand areason totulkeanoften
sive out damaging information on a character
Kinfolk, even more than Allies, require a
character'sattention, They are family, and that means
that they can relate to Garou in ways that no one else
uding other Garou) can. The temptation to use
Kinvolk as bait — having them kidnapped by Black
Spiral Dancers or possessed by Banes — can be great,
vd this is certainly a way to motivate characters
, beware of turning Kinfolk into weak, help-
is who exist only to be rescued. Kinfolk are
a atest link to the human world. The
Suse prevents muny werewolves from taking active
roles in society, but they can often work through
folk. This requires treating them well, of course,
jaroudon't. As Storyteller, pay attention to
how a character treats his Kinfolk. Does he visi them
often, or does he shy away for fear of leading enemies
to his family? Does he inelude them in Garou society,
or does he keep them procected as much as possible!
Kinfolk: Unsung Heroes provides an in-depth look at
Garou-Kinfolk relations, and gives some goal ideas on
how to best use Kinfolk in. a Werewolf chronicle.
Foes: Chapces Four goes into detail about various
kinds of antagonists that may show up in a Werewolf
chronicle and how to use them well. However, some

dhe chan

thing to keep in mind, no matter what sort of super:
natural powers afoe exhibits, is thatantagoniets should
develop and grow from their contact with the pack.
If the pack fights a pack of Black Spiral Dancers
andkallsone, the survivors will probably remember the
"Galan scum" that murdered their packmate and will
retum toeven the score eventually. But those Dancers
don't have to simply show up slavering and foaming,
spoiling for do-or-die combat. Perhaps they watch the


rs EATER PEEL Nr ee

characters closely for months, learning their strategies "Hi, Hall's boyfriend," says Matt, not a tle an.
and weaknesses. Perhaps they set upambushes orlearn —_noyed. He invites hem in, however. It urns out that Hale's
ipentsate for theit own shortcoming beau has a character eady, a Bone Gnawer wh is almost
heyond the level of strategy, if alryor completely ino
enmity is to be kept hot between the pack and their given a proper Rite of Passage. Ma
it hor? Is the pack gaining a reamangessomeeu
stant Foes of the Sere
feud almaply to foree the peck to take hi

fesuch powerful The game

int about Garo culture amd was never
opens his notes and
and decides that he can work hen
character in. He does weer his new player that he isn't gomg

fm or even accept him

ns, and Matt runsascene with the pack,

BED ren whac't keepin
reputation as the *
Sludge Pack?
hec mers them renown toh:
foes? fs, then what happens when one side wins? Or whileon gua duty, discovering the new chamactersalking
pethaps the fight is more personal —ifthereishistory around the caemn, He intraduces himself as Bacon Bits
between the pack and their enemies, detail it (if it Mate shakes his head as the other players laugh. Lost,
didn't happen during the actual chronicle). How did hopeless, and ignorant-— Bacon Bitsctually fis right
the first skirmish end? Has the pack witnessed their in, thinks Matt. OK, he can stay,
foes awful deeds, or only heard about them? = ing Ch
‘And enemies need nor be Wyrm (or Weaver)' e/a Lasagne
A troupe that stays constant long enough to make

character on suspecting terrorism charges and dis: 4

sia that the "Garoeuens Sally & weicwell Gaining new players in the middle of a chronicle
‘That cop isn't necessarily going te y 80 lly, particularly if you
home and start loading shorgun shells with silver. have! ther character. This can be espe
He might ask around on the force to see if they've. Cially difficult in Werewolf, where the characters are

can be difficult tohandle g
have no need of

servitorsanyway.Police,hunters,evenacharacters Kates
own family can fall into aversaial roles, and ax Winnie sala mae tan
seen tniyikingelmnilerrehich bonded by a totem and adding new members to the
from other agencics, which then might investigate Pack requires ceremony and challenges.

they learn more about the pack, their tactics and
at reap eaans {mele acties and players wants to Laing a ilficnd
Attitudes shuld change: Pettians a connie ctissine a) CoP aad ths Staryller ena i

the characters. Even if the characters manage to Thetfrst consideration should simply he whether or

attract attentic

n the chronicle for another player: If
icleisdrawingtoacloxe, the additionofanother
just bog things down and sidetrack: dhe

stave off an assault or shake a shadower, the gues-
tion remains: How did they find out about us in the thechrc
first place? When developing antag keep i
mind how much they know about the pack and who Plus, thenew character wouldn treceive the amount
might be able to get hold of that information. tion and time she deserves. Also, some Storytell-

Storyteller characters should never remain static. €fS ate not comfortable with more than a give

th story, the Storyteller should make alist ofPlayers,and going from five tost
of is to0 much to hand

imber
people to keep track
jor characters in the chronicle and perhaps le. The Storyteller is perfectly
somenotes about what they'vedoneduring downtime Within her rights to refuse a new player if she feels that
and whether any major changes have befallen them, ther the chronicle or the troupe can't support «new
Their lives should not be steady and uneventful; no "®- However, she might consider runninga side story or
life i, Perhaps a character's Ally pets divorced @ one-shot game including the new player, especialy if
and takes some time off work, effectively making thar i player wishes to try role-playing for the first time.
pis Kinfolk wets latoalcar If the Storyteller decides that she does wish to
are.Acharactercoulduse _allowanew player, wharthen? The Storytellerand the
Mother's Touch and heal her easily—but not without new player should, if at all possible, meet
breaking the Veil. While the pack should retain the through asolo game ortwo, gettin
hharacters should be vital and characteris he'll be in the
nic as well, otherwise they become two-dimen- _ inwhich the chronicle isset. Ifthe new player doesn't
and ultimately not much more than informa- _ haveacharacterconcept, the St
tion-dispensers for the players ableto wet one hat woul
Prayer katwet sept sends an emissary to ask permission to use the
Matt opens the door and finds Halle suming there cacmn's oracular powers. Ifthe pack has made a name

with a guy he hasn't met. "Hey, Matt," she says, "can my foritself finding lost cubs, maybe the new player could

Chapter Three: The Chronicle 125

A re aT TS,

Between e:
of the

Ally useless fora time. Perh
aceident and is in inrensi

nd play
feel for where the

starring roles, of
d

fT TT SCE PDE PEO EY SE CTD TEAS


|

ne AZ

Gainingplayersisnormallyabonus toachroniel.
A new character can take the chronicle i
tions, pice up pack dyr
‘out of a rut. Losi

necessary, shake
player can do this as well

but rarely does it go as smoothly
Players can drop out of games for any number of
reasons. Family of job concerns can force people to

and hob:
ke a back burner to more

reexamine their prioritic: often have to

nc obligations.
nds bo

thisis why it isso impos

tom
players. A player that
feels she can talk co the Storyteller if she starts losing
interest in the game is much less likely to simply quit

tion between Storyteller

Ifa player must leave a why. Ifshe ceuly
isn't enjoying herself, the troupe is better off without
her. l, however, he problem issomething correctable
work tofix it. lfshe hasa problem with scheduling, see
if the troupe coukd meet on a different night. If the
problem is something temporary — final exams, per-
haps — offer to temporarily sideline her character and
tun a solo game when her schedule calms down.
problems can be worked around. if the playe
‘wants fo remain in the group.

If the problem is with the group, however, the
situation becomes somewhat les flexible. A troupe that
includes a couple may be in trouble if the couple breaks
up. Insucha situation, trynottotakesides, Simply tellthe
affected portiesthat they cannot resolve differences and
play together that one or both of them will need to stop
playing. [fey cannot resolve this themselves, tt may fall
to the Storyteller wo excuse ane of the players from the

soup. Thiscan also happen f aplayeriscasing problems
and offending other players (see Maturity, below).

A Cuntad for Srorypoblere:

Ask thenew player —not the player attempting
tobring her in — ifshe really wantsto bea partof the
same. It happens, sally frequently, that a player
wishes his significant other to be part of the hobby
(which is only natural) and the significant other in
question goes along with it without a clear idea of
how the game works. Make sure the player has some
enthusiasm, or at least curiosity, about Werewolf. If
You are unsure. ask if perhaps the potential player
wouldcaretosit inonagame andobserveforasession
before actually playing. Ti
‘questions she has about the

time to answer any
wand the characters,
you think she would take to the
game. You don't want « new player who is only
playing to hu

(or her boyfriend — it's nearly always

detrimental to your games.

126

——

Asking someone to leave is never easy, The most
ure way © handle it 38 to calmly explain to the
player what che problem is,and tell him that the other
players would be more comfortable playing withour
hhim. Ifthe player offers to make an apology and try to
curb whatever the problem behavior i, lec him, but
don't make any promises. This is obviously not an
enjoyable pare of boing a
the game is to have a good time, and if one pla
disrupts that good time for everyone else, the Story
teller needs to make the proper adjustments
Character Death
Having a player leave the game is, of course, very
different than losing a character. A character might
disappear from the action for any number of reasons.
‘She might die in hartle,orbecome wounded orsickened
topoint thatshe can no longer travel with the pack. She
might even become tainted and wind up in Erebus
facharacter becomes inactive because the player
wishes to retire her and play a new character, all a
Storyteller can do is try to finagle the events so that
they don't distupt the story too much. Try toset up the
event during the course of a story so that it doesn't teel
gratuitous, and focus on the character, niving her the
send-off (even temporarily) that she deserves. (OF
course, this may result in the player deciding she realy
likes her character afterall, but that's just part of the
fun of being a Storyteller.) If possible, try to introduce
the player's new character du
I however,
has twooptions She can lee the chips (and dice) fall where
they may. Battle is afterall, a dangerous pastime, and a
sue casualty may serve to remind the pack (and the
players) chareven the mighty Garowarenotindestractible
Onthe other hand, Hheplayerwoukl
obviously feel cheated by losing her character to a
random throw of the dice, let the character off with a
Bartle Scar. Irs up to you as Storyteller to judge
whetherornorthedrama offered bya charactersdeath
isworth the trouble of introducing a new character. If
you the hook," stress how close
she came to death. Have one of the elders perform a
nd have aGallian! singherprakses,
but at the same time, perhaps her Kinfalk lover is
suddenly standoffish and aloof, trying to cope with

m

coryteller, but the point of

the story as well

thamerer dies in battle, the Sroryreller

he characte

real
the pack, it c npact

If you do decide to lower the proverbial boom,
however, play the moment up formaximumdrama. Run
the character's Gatherit the Departed, making sure

onds,
fany Storyteller charaeterselose to

the rest of the pack gets a moment to say a few
Show the react

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Aenean ER,


the deceased, particularly Kinfolk and close friends
‘And what if the character has friends who don't know
about the Garou? It falls to her packmates to make up
somekindofstory totell her friends. A packmare'sdeath
nay very well fuel a story on its own. Never cheapen the
moment by glossing it over, simply bringing
charaeter at the end of the session. That's disrespectful
ta the character, the player, and the story

Mapority
Talkin
same in which the "mature" people involved pretend to
be werewolves might seem a bit incongruous. Howes
maturity really is key to playing Werewolf well, and it
has little or nothing to do with the game specifically
When we speak of maturity within th
role-playiny ly refer to treating other
players with maturity and sensitivity. C
while they exist in the teal work! and certainly exis in
the World of Darkness, elicit bad reactions from players.
These include rape, molestation, sex, drug use, and
family member death. This doesn't mean that these
things can't be uses! as game elements, but
Stinyteller willsk befinew cluvadcle begios if dure are
any topics best let avoicled. Ifa player feels uncomfort
able during a game, thac player isn't having fan, which
4s of course, the pointof the whole thing. AsStoryeeller,
make sure the players know that they can votce con

about maturity when discussing a fantasy

confines of a

me, we actu

cemsoversuch issuesandexpect tohave those concems
hei
example and by keeping communication lines between
you and the players open. Ifone of the players is being
offensive, it falls to you to smooth things out (see
Problem Players, on page 113)

Sf

Stories were not meant co goon forever. Sooner or
later, a chronicle has to end. Hopefully, the ending
comes at the right time — the Storyteller does nor
have to end the game prematurely and has not tried t
drag it out heyond its logical conelusion. This section.
offers some advice on how — and when — to end a
Werewolf chronicle

Preparing for the End

When is it appropriate to end a game! When the
characters teach a certain rank, or dispose of their
greatest foe? Or when the players simply get tired of
playing Werewolf?
ing when it is time to end a chronicle ix
difficult. This is one reason to start thinking about the
pack's quest early on in the chronicle (see Pack Deve!
opment, above). If you have ideas for what the pack's

ard. You can encourage this kind of behavior by

Chapter Three: The Chronicle

SOT ST RE IRATE

a LETT PY RN

spiritual quest will be, the chronicle should end with
them completing it (or perhaps failing to do so),

Premature Cndb

Ending a chronicle betore its time is always an
unhappy possibility. If players — oF the Storyteller

suddenly discover that they must withdraw from the
chronicle, it is often better ro end it than to struggle to
keep the story going. Make the last story something
really special. Ask the players if there are any characters
they woul! like to see again (if only for the purpose of
wreaking revenge). Bring the powerful antagonists out
for a fight to the death (see Final Bartles, below). Bur
beyond all of the violence and pyrotechnics, try to

weave the threads of the story together. See if it would
make sense to combine several dangling plot points, if
conly to give some closure. Ifthe characters have consis
tently run afoul of a circle of human mages, and occa
sionally found themselves beset by crablike Bans,
reveal inthe final chapecr char the mages were summon
ingche Banes from the darkest reachesof the Umbra So
what if that conclusion goes entirely against what you
ading up to? The players won't know it, and as
‘you present it convincingly, the story won't
last-minute hehind the scenes change

suffer fre

If there are pack members that have skeletons in
their closets, uy to flush them out during the last story
Such things really should be resolved before the

nicle's conclusion, sothat the heroescan confront
their nemeses with clear consciences, but if the
chronicle must end suddenly, that isn't always pos.
le. Have the nemesis in question throw the
icter's darkest deeds in her face. Test pack loyalty
ry turn, In desperate situations, when the stakes
will the pack tur on itself?

Planned Condition

If you have time to build up to a conclusion,
however, take the time to wrap up any loose ends that
don't have any bearing on the final story. If you've
planted sceds that never came to fruition, however

scrap them. Even if you had a great idea for a story in
Pangaea, if the characters never picked up the bait and
ventured there, you shouldn't force them

keep comm

it now

ation open with the playersand
find outwhar'sreally importanttothem inthe chronicle,
they'd like ro visit (or revisit) before the en

ng to happen during the last
10 mark the climax of the
savage horror, and there:
ota whimper. Isthere going,
tobeahoriblebartle! Are the charactersgoingro lead an
invasion of a Black Spiral Hive? Attemprtohold aGrand

event is gol
Werewolf is abo

127

|


somewhat smaller— perhaps
sed pack ho
ning a moot at their hon

The final chape

pee-inexperi

wrong, true

Use the final chaprer to play

wl Pat hlet

Halle throws her dice again
she says. "This és gor
tense. If Vevila — I

caer before sunrise, her

Mate tums to Jui
voll

more like ol.

‘Oh, shit," says Juli
the Waring of the
Thuerifuge' to th

Final battl
fate of Gaia,

in a chronicle should be b
Team or the Duke of Malfeas.
Cnomies of the Pack

sept for
d not be
wedding or birth can hold all the drama
of abartleto the death (ask any macried person). Perhaps

the final chapter is « celebratory moot. Much cou

ut the atmosphere will be very different

nay well be f

Moot? Open a new caer? Or pethaps the

chroniclee

the theme and mood of
gical conclusion.

going w he
roach. And I'll add

an battles for the
‘can. The last battle
brut

elder Black Spirals, even other Garou can
the pack as mortal foes.

nd when thechronicle

hould come looking for the
characters (or vice versa),

A final battle with longtime foes may seem Holly
woo, butac

the notion is much older than that
I battle

sought
cost of their own liv

often at the
ld give the
characters pause — certainly, they may hate their
enemies, but are they willing to die to take those
enemies with them?

That question applies to the enemi
course. If the e

\deed willin,
themselves t

dic, but wish to win

hance to stop their foes

le, afterall, soaclever

accusationora final curse. However, duringa final hatte,
all bers are off, and the Storyteller shoul have liale
compunetion about allowing the death of a character.


Raving the Apocalypee

While a final barele on such a grand scale is hardly
necessary to have an exciting conclusion, it is admit:
tedly hard to imagine the stakes any higher. What do
you do if the characters decide to invade Malfeas ancl
cutout the heart of the Wyrm? Or, what if you wish to
bring the Final Battle raining down on their heads?

One important conskleration isto give the charac-
ters a clear goal. Werewolf is not a war game, i's a
storytelling game,andthat means that large-scalebattles
involving mi n't really this game's style. If
the Apocalypse! characters
can do about it. Is there one target they should attempt
to destroy? Or perhaps ges them with survi
ing the Apocalypse to make sure that the Garou don't
die out. Maybe they can even stop the Wyrm from
cating the world (or the Weaver from calcify it) if
they can retrieve a mighty fetish from the Umbra
reaches. In that case, the final battle becomes a race
ns time, and « battle against any Wyrm or Weaver
inions who might want to stop the characters.

If the Battle actually takes place, read up on "final
battle" mythology and take notes. Ragnarok has already
been mentioned but what about the Book of Revelations

(you might want co consider finding a copy ofthe Liv
Bible, it's much easier to understand than the flowery
prose of the King James Version)? Most religions have a
myth about the endofthe work, and most ofthe time the
sods themselves come down from Asgard (or wherever)
to settle old scores, crush their enemies, and generally
make trouble. The World of Darkness should be no
dierent. Perhaps ancient vampires ise from their graves
to consume whole cities. Maybe the giant statue at the
Sept of the Awakening in Washington D.C. rips itself
from the ground and goes on arampage. The Veil should
be the least of the Garou's worries during the Apocalypse;
the humans are abour to find out the truth anyway

Another major issue you must consider before
running an Apocalyptic story is: Can it be stopped?
Either way, there are advantages and disadvant

If the Final Battle cannot be stopped, the whole
tone of the game changes. Unless you have been
cunning the entire chronicle up to this point with the
inal Battle in mind, everything that happened here-
tofore is for naught, and that can be very frustrating for
the players. Do norrun the Apocalypse simply because
you think it would be

n exciting ending to the
chronicle. If the Battle is unstoppable, find some way
to give the characters hope. Give them something to
tight tor, even if it's only that they might destroy some
powerfial Wyrm creatures before dying themselves
Ifyougivethecharactersawaytopreventthe Battle
before cotal chaos ensues, beware of the "two-seconds-

Chapter Three: The Chronicle

LL STP OY A

I

Gods from a Machine

No matter what kind of end
chronicle. or even for a st

you choose for your

ssswhen aStorytellerco
character amivestosave the cha
should he obvieus this plr device ros the characters
eirdienity. makes Stoel.
show, a ofthe story 50 fa
Players that they don't even have a

The players and their characters are the heart,
soul, blood, and guts ofthe chronicle. Itdoesn
how cool a character the:
well she can describe

costs Deusermachnaio

scterthestarofthe

and takes cor way from the

pe of intl

roryteller has created
Never use powerful charac

tersto steal the pack's thunder. They are the starsof the
show, and they deserve hetter than that

Note: Of course, if they call up an ally and ask bi
liferent, But then that
nel they can't complain,

tocome save their necks, that's

allycan lond itover them later,

on-the-timer" effect. Innumerable action movies end
with arace against the clock, only toseethe hero disarm
the bomb/become the One/blow up the alien mother
ship rwo seconds before the "explosion." Iecan be done
well, bureven whenitis, it's cliché. Instead, perhaps the
prevenrarive measure simply evens the oddsabit for the
battle. For example, maybe the pack stumbles on a way
to free the Wyrm from the Weaver's clutches, The
Wyrm might still wreck the world in the proce
then there mighe be something left over.

Aftermaté

When all is said and he last Black Spiral
vanquished, the fallen characters buried, what
pens then? Where does the troupe go from there

AsStoryteller, answerany questi
about the game. Chances are there are plot points they
didn't understand that they would like clarified, Spill the
beans a. Now thar the story isover, there'snoharm
in letting them "behind the cur

You should have some questions for the players, as
well, notably, "How did I do?" Ger feedback from
them, find out what they loved about the chronicle

and, more importantly, what they think you need to

at

Be

"$0 to sp

.¢; if the players have stayed
with you long enough to finish a chronicle, they
probably had a great time overall

‘ou may wish to takea break from Storytelling for
a while. One of che other players might like a tum
the director's chair, anyway, perhaps with a differen
ne. Take the opportunity to participate ina
chronicle, probably with some new appreciation for
what both the players and the Storyteller must do,

129



single creature, b
Richard Exdoe
American Indian Myths

Along with "Gaia,
who turn into wolves." the Triat is one of the hasic

elements thar makes Werewol
the Triat, there'dbenoi

"the spirit world," and "people

he game it is. Without

toGaia ysthere'd be mu

ic world

n't even their ally.
rlat isn't easy te

me about clearly identifiable Good
he Garou Nation;
hat the Garou fine themselves.
ity. Lhere are spirits allied to
aver both that are more all
¢ Breeds

true ftiend te

implify the
‘en the various members of the Triat,

Chapter Four: The Adversaries

STE ARETE, EL ARID AN

nicdance between,
ned one,

The Triat is a sour

tory lines, but it's a great
ice w these t

their influen

de It's of the Wyrm kill it

there
be thanks «

e Apocalypse at all, it will

how e hronicles where

to show your players in-game things that prom

understanding. And in chronicles where there is no
aly the lity of racking up an impressive

of deeds before your


|

Wer Resourcer

If you'll pardon the seemingly shameless mer-
cenary plug, we would like to note that the topics
covered here are also examined in further detail in
theBook of the Wyrm, Book of the Weaver, Book
of the Wyld and Subsidiaries: A Guide to Pentex
Although we've mode great effort in this chaptcrto
pid eal

incy and give Storytellers the most
helpful distllations of the information in question,
a single chapter by nature can't provide as much
detail as three sourcebooks. The three books of the
Triat (and the Subsidiaries spin-off) are by no
means necessary fora Werewolf chronicle, but for
those who want the most information possible on
the subject c mists they're hard to bea

We apologize for the self-serving recommen
dation. Thank you for your patience.

Sxpaviling Horizont
‘Therugly truth is that the Triat lend themselves to

some fairly unimaginative stories. if not handled care
fully, It's painfully easy to-let a chronicle devolve intoa

repetition of "Look! That object/person/place smells of
the Weaver/Wyrm/Wyld! We should destroy/killipro-
and the
players seem to enjoy it. But if you'te interested in
presenting the Triat as something more than a duo of

antagonist-spawningentitiesandaquest objec, it doesn't
toke that much extra effort — only a little ar nto

detail. By stressing the Triat's multiplicity and their less
than all-encompassing earthly influence, you can help
your players see the Triat in the light they deserve.
NWhiiphetty

One of the most fund:

er all, it doesn't take much wo

ptal concepts behind the
Triat is that they operate on a cosmic scale; according
to some legends, the three of them es ially ran the
Universe itself. And because of that scale, cach of the
three istoo large tobe summed upby asimple word like
Just as Gaia is both desert and

rest, both glacier and swamp, each member of the
Triat has a multitude of facets that express the whole.
Bevery careful of makingabsolute statementsabout

the Triat; those can easily limit your game's spiritual
aspect in unhealthy ways rather than providing helpful
guidelines. A starement like "The Wyld is Creation, so
therefore it cannot destroy" is not only inaccurate (the
Wyld ismore than Creation), itlimits your ability todo
interesting things with dhe Wyld. A spontaneous out-
break of flesh-eating bacteria can be seen as very Wyld
in aspect, as might a natural disaster — do you really

stasis" oF "Creation,

132

a

want to rule out the possibility of either just because of
an off-handed absolute statement of "fact"?

The multiplicity of the Triat is your friend. A spirit
of Balance ean derect as jase as much "of the Wyrm" as
aspiritspawned by a Maeljin Incarna; spirit of techno-
logical innovation might be "of the Weaver," and it
might be "of the WykL" By showing your players the
dlffereim sspeuts of cach Triatic force, you encourage
them to think more about what it really means to be
aspectedto oneof the Triat. And when yourplayersstart
to appreciate these different facets, they'll begin using
that knowledge to their advantage — helping Banes
revert tothe Wyrm-spiritstheyshoukdbe ratherthan the
‘Wymn-spirits they are, discerning the mad elements of
the Weaver from those thatare necessary and worthy of
preservation, and soon. Asnoted before, this is some of
the most useful work they can he doing if they actually
to win the Apocalypse, not just die gloriously

Lah Ioflence

Ie'seayy to fall into a certain mindset when work
ing around the struggles of the Triat: namely, the
assumption that everything of any significance is "ol"
one of the Triat, bolstering its cosmological patron's
power to no end with every minor goal it achieves on
earth. Now admittedly, assigning a Triatic affinity or
allegiance (whether or not the person ot entity in
question is aware of it or not) is kind of fun, but whet
you start taking questions like "So are the Imbued of
the Balance Wyrm, ar what?" more seriously than idle
chit-chat. you can nun inta problems.

Remember, in a perfectly functioning universe,
everything in the physical world would likely be
equal parts Wyrm, Weaver and Wyld. A. healthy

on would haveaset form (granted by the Weaver),
ation (granted by
mate fate of death so that the
cyele could continue (granted by the Wyrm). Now,
since the Wyrm lost its ability to properly function as
Balance (or so the story goes), this perfect universe is
‘now impossible, but the imbalance that the Garou
against isn't as omnipresentas it might seem. An
ocdinary person, an animal, aphilesophical ideal —all
of these can be "of" neither Wyrm, Wyld nor Weaver.

‘Thisis, by the by, the main reason that werewolves
tend to be so nervous or erigeer-hanpy when they sense
the "taint" of one of the Triat on a person, supemanural
beingor section of the world. In a perfect world, one that
had noneed of Garou, such beings or places would be
und far hotwren. The presence of Tri
problem, the sort of problem hat the Cha
were allegally ereated to resolve. The wise Garon, when
confronted with sich, sntityor locale first asks
hhimeelf why the taint is present, and then asks himself

ic taint implies a
ging Breeds

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

A TY


what he
spiritual scent indicates problem). Not all shapeshifters
are this wise, of course, but it would be doing the Chang:
ing Breeds a disservice to assume that even the wisest

an do to resolve the trouble (if indeed the

elders don't act with at least a little forethought.

The Wy

The Wyrmpisithe Heading caniite, for "moe
inisunderstood member ofthe Tria," simply because i
iscand has been, so many different things to so wsany
diferent shapeshifters. thas been the Balance Wyrm
destruction in the interest
ninguniverié|thasbecomeComup

ent of Destruction gone wrong.

led it Entropy of Deathsothers associate
itwith Madness, Hatred or even Evil. The Wyrm all
ofthese things, and not uly any one of them,

Originally the Balance Wyma, the force keepinz
Wyld and Weaver alike in check, the Wyrm has pow
become the Comrupeer Wyrm, a force of spiritual as
wellasphysical decay, According coGaroucosmoloyy,
the Wyrm's consciousness has been lose to maxiness,
trapped within the web of the Weaver. Its efort to
escape has given its darkest drives and aspects lives of
their own, splitting them into new hes
— the Tratic Wyrm, and che Urge Wy

Asa resulr, the Wyrm is stricken with something
akin romultiplepersonalitylisorder-— butbecause ofthe
scale ofthe entity, each one of is separate "persona
isable to act on its own, recruiting its own servants and
further dividing itoelf ser aspects. Moet scholars of
ish the
; Wyrm as
othe great serpent ofbalance. For those Garon who
knowanything about the Was truc nature, the task at
hangisnoe"Kilingthe Wyrm — itsseveringtherwisted
head that have sprung fiom its boxy

The Peas of the Pylon

Asnotedinthe Werewolfrulebook, the thee Triatic
theprimary "children'*ofthe Wyrm, the thrce
thae grow from its boxy. The fist, Beast-of-
Salamity Wyrm" of unrestrained wrath,
sand destruction. Itisthe leatsubele ofthe Tratic
‘Wyrms,and it has little nced forsubtletysevery war every
actofmindless violence, every kill made for reasonsother
than survival feeds Beast-of- War, strengthening tt for the
lay it can break freeand smash Creation into dust. Many
Black Spiral Dancers revere Beast-of Warabove allother
aspects of the Wyrin, hailing it as the Facher of the
Apocalypse and thespirituil patron oftheir mad crusade.

The second Triatic Wyrm is Eater-of Soul
"Consuming Wyrm" Ics the aspéet of unwholesome
hunger. of the desire todraw evervthing into itselfand

Chapter Four: The Adversaries

CES ED AS STN

as REAR PY

thus make all thewniverse'into the Wyrm. Greed,
luccony, lust and desire of all sorts fue! its power
Unlike its brethren, Eater-of-Souls once man:
manufest itself physically-on'Earth, where it surely
would have devoured the entire planetif not banished
by the sacrifice of the entire Croatan tribe. Although
this act weakened Bater-of-Souls severely, the rapa:
cious crimes committed on Farth in thename of greed
continue to strengthen it so that it may someday
return. Thenaked greed of Pentex and its corpo
is one of the'strongest allies Eater-of-Souls has.
The final Triarie Wyrm isinimany ways the most
dangerous, for itis both the mest subtle and the most
self-aware. The Defiler Wyrm is'the expression of
ultimate corruption, of degradation and misery and all
spiritual ills. It is notably aetive in the schemes of
followers, who are inmany ways the worst of the
Wyrm'sservants.‘The Defiler Wyrm hates innocence,
virtue and spiritual strengeh, and works to carn
corrupt thenfinto viler emotions that serve its own
purpose. The Defiler Wyrm hhas its adherents among
all the followers of the Wyrm, although various human
cults, loathsome Black Spiral Dancer factions and
packs of fomori-creating Banesareamong itsfavorites.
Below the Triatic Wyrms are the Urge Wynus,
manifestations of each of the Wyrm darkest desires
the
‘motions splintered offintoseperate "heads" oftheir own
like dough being forced through a teél mesh. Each Unie
ul its servants do indeed strive to work for the
er all, how ean a manifestation of comupt

edto

Desire itself set aside its own urge to promote comupt
desires in others? The Urge Wyrms work co make them:
selves stronger by fostering their own ideals in others.
Some Garou scholars fervently hope that che Wyrm
manifested as yet undiscovered Urges of somewhat more
altra ential keystohealingthe Wyrm tse
but the evidence for such benevolent Unxe Wyrmns is
sorely lacking. The recognized Urge Wyrmnsare as follows:
# Foebok, the Urge of Fear
© Vorus, the Urge of Greed.
ahsstrac, the Urge of Power
* Kamala, the Urge of Desire
* Abhorra, the Urge of Hatred
# Angu, the Urge of Cruelty
© Bavakshai, the Urge of Violence
* Khaaloobh, the Urge of Consumption


|

The final four greater aspects of the Wyrm are those
that were bor when the Wynn's comuptive force
contacted the fourelemental forcesof air, eatth, fire and
water —Hoga, the essence of Smog: H'rugg, the essence
‘ot Sludge; Furmas, the essence of Balefire;and Wakshaa,
the essence of Toxin. These four elemental forces, and
the corrupt elemental spirits that serve them, are the
aspects of the Wyrm that have the most to gain from
pollution of the natural world, and are therefore most
interested in such activities. Rumor has it that there are
2es relevant to the Asian spirit world,
cortupted versions of metal and wood, although: the
Garou Nation has yet to formally recognize these,
"The Wyrm Did Ul"

One of the most costimon misconceptions about
the Wyrm isa matter of taking the Garou too literally
‘Werewolves, nd indeed many other Changing Brceds,
tendrolay the poorstateofthe world atthe Wyrm's fect
or blame the Wyrm itself for the actions of its offspring
and devotees. Although technically true, this can lead
the impression that che Wyrm pays much more arten-
tion to the details of the world than it actually does

Consider the plight of the drug-addicted prostitute
slowly becoming a fomor. Although most werewolves
would easily admit the Wyrm is to blame, they don't
usually mean that they think che Wyrm itself looked
down and commanded a Bane to tempt this miserable
woman into power — and thereby, possession. More
likely, the Bane attempting to possess her did so of its
‘own accord, given its ingrained need to foster the
spiritual vice oF toxin it stands for. It's possible that the
Bane may have been directed to this woman bya higher
power, butsaid higher power is likely a personal servant
of Kamala at best; probably not the Defiler Worm itself,
anal certainly not che Wyrm in all its might!
hy coyouralvantage. Thegreaterthe
head of the Hychra, the less plausible it is that it's involved
inpetty actsof corruption. Conveyscale bystartingsmall
thengrahuallyshowing yourplayersmore and mereofthe
hierarchy of corruption thats the Hydra. Save the direct
intervention of an Urge Wyrm, the Maeljin Incarna that
serve it, or the Defiler Wyrm itself forthe climax of astory
or even a chronicle. Not

two more esse

Usethishier

effects he more
powerful, but che players will abo gain a greater under
ithe Wyrm isand isn't directly
bike fon. They cant continue to we stmple terms
The Wyrm'sforces"and "Thisservesthe Wyrm for
case'ssake, butwithoutassuming thatthe phraseshaveno
meaning heyond the most literal

And when your players

that so much spiri-
twal corruption occurs without the Wyrm actualy chink
then, with any luck, you'll be rewarded
sst satisfying shudder

ee A ee

When fo Ute fhe Wyrm (ane When Not 7)

The big advantage of the Wyrm (and all its forces)
is that it's fine motivator. Not only can it threaten

outright violence, but it can threaten f

pare the threat of a Black Spiral cactn raid to that of a
acter and

captured Dancer leering at a cha
complimenting him on his "pretty sste

too. A burgeoning Wyrm threat isa;
players' attention and launch into a
action and horror. Fomori and monsters are optirnal
"blood and guts" opponents, should you want a diry,
bloody, Wyrm-as Destroyer.
However, you should also use the Wyrm subtly, not
only for contrast, but also to reinforce that the fans
talefire and ichor are only a portion of the Wynn's
arsenal. Banes are particularly effective for stories that
emphasize the quiet, seductive aspects of Wyrm as Cor-
rupter, but clever Black Spiral Dancers and fomori work
well; too — as do humans or supernatural beings who
Ihave noida what the Wyrmis, much lessthiat their deeds
are directly strengthening it. And certainly prepare sto-
ine where the Wyrm is best fought? noc chrough direct
combat but through combating its spiritual influence —
helping out at a clinic for abused women, feeding the
hungry and homeless, even helping clean up a neighbor
hood. Werewolf is a game about spirituality, and clevat-
ing the human spirit is as worthy a goal as wearing the
throat out of a corrupt land developer (if not more s0).
By all means, avoid the temptation of having the
Wyrm's forces directly at work in every encounter with
the spiritually corrupt. Vampires are an excellent ex-
ample of antagonists that are in many ways "of the
Wynn," but who know nothing of the Apocalypse.
Dealing witha vampireslaverwhobuysandsellsadoles-
cents as blo-toys for other Leeches fits wonderfully
with the themesof Wyrmish corruption and defilement,
but ifthe scory és run without even a glimpse of a Bane
6 fomor, all the better. Humans are equally wonderful
ntagonists for stories of this nature, save for the fact
that when the Garou finally track them down, they put
up considerably less of a fight. Stories such as this help
emphasize that the fight against the Wyrm is fought on
allevels, not merely on the most literal —they empl
that the Wyrm, likeall spirits isnot just its manifes
one, but also what it stands for.

Ad the Balance Myr?

Considering the once-noble purpose of the Wyrm
it may be tempting to bring in some agents tha A
serve the Balance Wyrm as tt was, toshowcase thatthe
Wynn's conuption is not inborn, Old Wyrm-spirits
that have resisted corruption are the pr

y tool of

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

A TY


choice, bucthese should be few and far between. f'sno
easy thi }ow-cortupe brethren for
will J. Such spirits are best used as the
objects of great quests, potential sources of informa:
tion and power that might be the Garou's last hope for
healing the Wyrm. (And, of course, theyd register to
Sense Wyrm, which would be yet another way to
not the same thing asidetecting evil intent.)

Bat as far as mortal! agents
little secret

Ina way, the Garou — indeed, almost all the
Changing Breeds — are the closest thing to an active
force upholding the ideals of the Bakance Wyrm tc
‘They defend the Wyld —not because they believe it's
their friend, but because itis the weakest of the Triat
‘They fight the Wyrmn and the Weaver, trying to cut
them back to size. Most hope to eure the Wyn rather
50 that Balance might be restored

Ie ust goes to show you that being "of the Wyrm'
is sometimes a good thing.

The Weawr

Although che Weaver isa much léss multifaceted
entity chan the Wyrmpit still surfers from the same
basic problem — it is not what it should be. The
‘Weaver's original purpose of giving structure to the
unformed, building the laws and certainties of the
universe, has been perverted. In its purest state, the
‘Weaver represents reason, science, lawandorder—all
concepts with the potential for good as well as ill. Bur
with the Weaver's madness comes a perversion of
these ideals. The Weaver is now the force of reason
that strangles out possibility, of scienee that directly
‘opposes mysticism, of law and order pursued for their
own sake above all other ideals:

This does not, of course, mean that seietice and
technology are considered "evil" in the World of Datk-
‘ness, even in Werewolf's cosmology. A werewolf can hail

cab, fire ATM withou
st Gaia. This isa point of contention amc
extreme elders, parti itly these of the more
aspected tribes, but its generally held that technok
and science are noc innately corrupt orto blame. I's the

proliferation of these things, and the way in which they
‘h

well, here's a

than destroyi

pistol oruse

W out of control, that concems the Garo

Asan example, take the pursuit of medicine and
science meant to delay aging and eradica
Certainly healing the sick and easing the pain of theold
is a worthy cause. Bur 1n the World of Darkness, the
Weaver's imad influence encou
velop such advancements heedless of whether or not
nsare morally capable of handling such a respon-

disease.

a NLT PE RN

ibility. Ifthe humans preserve their own lives without
reducing their own birthrates, thus causing more of a
population problem, thar'snoconcem of the Weaver's
Ifanti-aging science or even "immortality treatments"
wind up in the hands of the richest and most powerfi
k hem in power indefinitely while strangling
later generations' chances of determining their own
tiny, what does the W

bom of the best intentions is misused and abused,
contributing tothe poorstateofthe world. The Weaver's
idea of progress throws offall natural cycles, placing the
power to destroy the world in the hands of those who
aren't sufficiencly prepared to use it responsibly

The Garou see this trouble unfol.
why they consider the Weavers st
Most werewoh

Hies for relying,
their own
abilities; ts considered unwise to place yourself in the
enemy's power. Cities expand but don't contracts ur
spravel devours new landall the time, while th
the heartof the city corrode and become the Wynn's
playground. The Weaver's influence isa very teal con:
cem. and not for the stereotypical (and inaccurate)
"science hod, forest good" reasons popularly cited:

When fo Ute the Weaver (ave hen Not 76)

The Weaver and its minions are perhaps the most
versatile group of supporting cast in Werewolf. They
ccan be the worst of enemies, or the best of friends
(although admittedly the later is likely only for Glass
Walkers). Whereas Garou can easily fee! a moral
obligation to oppose the Triatic or Urge Worms,
opposing the Weaver is leis a matter of morals and
more a matterof ethicsand practicality. Thisallows for
some juicy moral dilemmas, ifyoucai
Does aman of science deserve to
threatens the balance between human and nature
even further! The answer isn'talwaysclear, despite the
werewolves' wi ves to make that juc

coaddress them,
his work

ment call

For most werewolves, the Weaver represents the
alien — human ideals taken to their spiritual extreme,
denying the natural cycle. Weaver-focused stories are
optimal for stressing this sense of alienation and op.

pression. The We

few of your players' perceptions — are all laborsaving

wer can also be used to challen

devices necessarily a good thing? Do we really all need
hays? Or, if your players are more Laxkdite
look, you can challenge their assumptions just as
easly; is all progress really bad? What ifa particularly
perceptiveh
fight for Gaia was born with an ai
al without Weaver-medicine to
classify the Weaver as flexible, but the role she serves
in the average Werewolf chs

in who could make real progress in the
linent that would be

It seems str

|


|

Remember that the Weaver can be as subele or as
unsubtle asthestory demands. To set your playersonedge,
you can easly deseribe a very faint but persistent droni
in their characters ears while they're in the Penumbra of
an urban area. Although certainly no threat, this sound
neatly conveys the unrelenting, pervasive nature of the
Weaver. On the other hand, you can certainly get the
players' attention by seting a massive chroe-ansd-glase
spider-spirit the size ofaneighteen-wheeleron theitheels.
ver though such a threat is more immediate, don't
ike the pursuer just as relentless, in order to
properly convey che Weaversunyielding,mad obsession.

Also, not everything seient
even human should be "of the though
most man-made structures appear as webs in the P
‘umbra, if they appear all, spiritual "Weaver-taint™
should be present only when appropriate. A log cabin
in the deep woods shouldn't evoke the Weaver, ev
ifthere'sa rifle inside. However, ifthe cabineoncained
atcomputerwith Internetaccessatouch of the Weaver's
webs would be appropriate:

An finally, remember that the Weaver represents
Progress just asmuch asshe represents Sterility. Scientific
innovation is the finest proof thatthe Weaver is more
than just unyielding form —it is the Weaver's inest tool
for Naming, for locking down unlimited potential into
limited form. Fach scientificadvancement mayadd mare
knowledge tothe world, and seemingly more possibilities

although once a thing is proved to be true, a number
of "untruths" are removed as possibilities forever. In a
way, the Weaver represents evolution and even change

the question is whether or norheriddea of evolution is
truly what's best for the universe

Asalways, remember thatthe Weaver is athing of
spirit first and foremost —intentions meanas much as
sctual implementation, When asking yourself if some
thing should be "of the Weaver" or not, think noc in
terms of the letter of the law, but in the spirit.

The Nol

At first glance, the Wyld seems to be the junior
member of the Triat in more ways than one. It's not a
proper antagonist such as the Wynn or Weaver; it
doesn't have nearly as many spirit minions, and those it
does have are nowhere near as organized as the broods
of Banes and Weaver-spirits. The Wyld is stil strong in
places, but across most of the world (at least, the
portions of the workd that your chronicle is likely to
explore}, the primeval force of creation and fluxisbadly
onthe rapes Most Garou consider it their responsibility

protect and nurcure the Wyld places, in the interests
of balance if me tribes,such asthe Black

Fur

othingelse

s, take this duty even more seriously

13

"mona

ee A

And in the course of defending the Wyld a
the depredations of itsstronger, more rapacious siblings,
some Garou — andl some players, of course — get the
impression that the Wyld is their ally. After all, it
represents (among other things) fairly benign concepts
such as life, bith and growth. It isn't listed among the
antagonists in the nulebook. Some even reason that the
Gaia, is the bom ally of werewolves everywhere,

This preconception is like
accurate

Like the othermembers of the Triat, the Wyld itself
does not have the interests of the Garou — or of any
othersentient¥ace on Gaia's face — in mind at all. The
Wyld simply & — it does its best to fulfill the role
condained for itat the beginning of creation, and all else
be damned. fa pack of werewolves, or theit caetn
would be adversely afecred by a sudden burst of Wykl
energy in thearea, the Wyld isn't going to scale back its
efforts to growand thrive there any morethan atornalo
‘would change course toavoid the caer. In fact, getting
the comado to change course would probably be easier
for the Garou: weather-spirits have Gaia's hest interests
atheart, but Wyld-spiris donot. The Wyld answers to
is own inner mandate and nothing else.

Needless to says this tendency can make life very
difficule for werewolves. A werewolf sworn to defend the
Wyld is bound to protect something that might cum on
him at any moment, for no understandable reason wha
soever. The Wyld itself is just as alien as the other Trist
tieubers, a Celestine so vast chat tts most powerful
Jagalings are litle more than the "thoughts" racing along
‘what might be described as its nervous system. Wyld
spintscanbenegotiated with ofcourse;theyoperate more
closely to the Garou' own levelyand "think" in a more
understandable fashion. But they are inevitably reflec
tions of he Wyld itself, and'share in its chaotic nature

Inall the world, few things are more sobering than
the Garou theory that the world is what it is today
because two of the fundamental forces of the universe
were driven mad mill 9 — and the third has
‘been as near to mad as makes no difference all along,

Aotagovitt My?

Like the other members of the Triat, the Wyld is
amoral. It acts on what can best be described as
instinct, pursuing its original purpose — to.rcate raw
potential and act as an agent of change — to the
exclusion of all other goals. Whatever overall con-
sciousness guides the Wyld, it's likely 1
aware of the Garou's efforts than an elephant
of the antibouies that defend it from disease

Yes, the Garoudefend the Wyld fromthe depreda-
tions of its siblings. Yes, some strike pacts with Wyk

any others, not very

aware

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Seen ey,


spirits and call these spirits "friend" —aftera fashion.
However, the Wyld isef does not respond with grat
rude, The difference between a pact with a Wyld-spi
mcewith the Wyld isonghly equal rathe
difference between one's relationship with one's pet
dog and one's relationship with Nature itself
ler, you have the remarkable freedom to
palntthe Wyldasbeneficial,allicd forccinsomechronicks
das an uncaring hostile force in others. The Wyld isin
the muxkside that levels a village of innocents just as
much as it isin the spark of life chat chrives ac the heart
of a wasteland. You can keep your players guessing as
ichasyoulike. Eventually they'elikely cocome tothe
same conclusion that the majority of the Garou Nation,
thas made — that there's little gratitude to, be had in
defending the Wyld, bur it must be done anyway. The
alternative —aworld without the ereation ofnnew things
or the force of change — is too horrible.
The I if lt Not Goda
Ie bears repeating. Its fairly easy to confuse "the
Wyld" with "the wid" —to assume that the Wykdisalo
the force ofthe wilderness itself, the spiritual reflection of
theportionsoftheworldasyetunshaped by humans, rom,
the strictest Werewolf viewpoint, tis isn't the case.
Werewolves tend (0 look at it in these terms: The
Wyld represents the botential for.life, the Weaver
represents the laws by which sueb life must abide, the
Wynn reflects the end of life and the turning of the
‘cycle —burGi life. Gaiais the soul of the universe,
erportionof the Goxmoy heingthar givechinh
ich as love and beauty (although some cite
heras the original author of erueley and other ne
notions as well). Werewolves also more often paint
as capable of emotions herself, particularly the
notions of a mother <levoted to her creation, than
they consider the Triat capable of such higher ide
In the default interpretation of the cosmology, the
Wyld isstrong in untouched il places not because
use the Weaver is

to forces

it isthe soul of these places, but be
correspondingly weak there. Gaia isalso strong in these
places, partly for the same reasons, but also because
these sites are where the natural world runs at its
the ecosystems functioning as they have,
more or less, since the world began. The two share a
similar interest —but this doesn' make them the same.

When fo Use fhe Wyld (and When Not 76)

The Wyld is actually one of the more important
rmotifsin Werewolf—and yet it isn't alwaysappropriate
to have Wyld energies or spirits making a personal
‘appearance in your chronicles. One of the fundamental
problems in the state of the world is thar the Wyld is
beleaguered. the weak member of the Triat thar nuns the

a) NLT PY

risk ofbeingannihilatedor overrun entirely. [e'sdificult
toconvey thisdesperate state ofaffarsif youhave Wyld
spirits popping up as supportin
the Wyld will he a more effective
tool in your Storytelling repertoire if you use it not only
sparingly, bur also evocatively. The Wyld should set the
players on edge,
alice, ies methods unpredictable
startlingly dangerous, Consider the frightening 9p
neity of a tornado, the random nature of an outbreak of
disease, theuncaringnaturcof flash flood. While notall
manifestations of the Wyld are dangerous to those in the
immediate area, they could be — is always
there. : ces (and their characters) should feel the
in any Wyld manifestation; t's the double
ei of the Wyld that makes itso interesting

The Wyld is obviously well suited to stories that
involvestrange patches of kind sudden nacural disasters,
iracional outbreaks of chaos and other such motifs. Its
alien: nature complements the unfamiliar settings where
its likely to chrive,a trait you ean use to your advan
The farther che characters get from the civilized areas
their players are comfortable with, the more the players
will themselves feel slightly outof their element — an
emotional state that, while rarely powerful, will work to
your advantage when introducing the Wyld ¢
yourstory. The wilder (or Wylder) dhe land, th
the players might feel, which isall for the best

Bat as noted in Chapter Two, the Wyld also has its
place in urban chronicles =nocity issteonsin the Wyld,
nd surely the Weaver and Wynn theater to crush their
‘weaker sibling's influence there, but the Wyld is part of
urban life nonetheless. It appears in the radon acc:
dents, good and bad, that befall a city's inhabitants. It
thrives wherever the Weaver's laws of conformity falter,
such asthe disused and abandoned areas of an inner city
Feel ree to use the Wyld in an ut
youd we!

cast every session
For that matte

t least a little bit — its motivation is

its power often

ents of

int just as
tension, butalso hope

elsewhere

toc

Which ht Bagger, Gaia or the Triat?

The answer tothis question hasbeen left deliberately
vague. Some Scorytellersprefertointempret the cosmology

iis universal, whereas Gaia is limited to

theideathat Gia sthe Universe. and
that the Triatare her wayward chiklren — albeit children
with thepowercoskay their mother, should itcometo that

The Changing Breeds themselves don't know the
ana often blatantly disagree. Therefore, ho

any "book:-legal

oF wrong answer to the question —
your answer isthe one that matters,

Chapter Four: The Adversaries 137

CE EP AY STON


ne AA
Ftofec

Trust him not with your secrets, who, when left alone
in out room, tums over your papers
Johann Kaspar Lavarer

Ie always starts small

In the course of their duties of protecting and
cleaning up the lands around their caern, a pack ot
‘werewolves begins, among other things, to start pick-
ingout che humans whoare doing the most ecole
damage to. the land. Ln some eases; alittle Kinfolk
activism or influence is all thar's required; in other
ceases, stealth and misdirection can turn the offenders
around. In moreextrerne eases; a litte:
terrorism isthe order of the d
efficient way of doing things, but 1 appeals to the
Garou desire to see their encmics founder and fal

Andasthepackcontinues these variousactions, they
start to notice afew familiar names. When they travel
farther ftom their caer or exchange news with Galliands
cf other septs, they start noticing that a few corporations
seem tobe more relish callous toxsard the environment,
more brutally conscivus of efficiency atl dee bowous Jane
A few names start working into the pack's voesibulary:
Endron. Magadon. O'Tolley's. Rainbow

Bur asthe investigation continues, the pack finds...
‘worse things. They find that these corporationstollow the
aguressive "make people need our products" tctic a bit
tmore seriously chan other companies do. They discover
thatsome ofthese corporattonshave fomori guardsactheit
‘manufacturing plants, fomori that couldn't quite feasibly
‘ras for human duringa job interview. They discoversigns
that someone in upper management muse know a few
things about summoning Banes to act as guard dogs.

Ard id ines that chere's
something biger behind these corporations. Some:
thing ki ul than these billion
dollar multinationals; entity that's able give
these corporate giants' CEOs orders with impunity
They start crossing paths with elite bl
Killers, assassins targeting them as *

K-ops teams
ocential prob:

Jems" — and some of these elite teams have more than
one supernaturally potent member among ther
And once the pack is finally aware of the tremen-

dous scale of the threat facing them, of the sheer
financial and political power this entity ean bring to

bear against the Garou and their lands, they finally

name for this most insidious of enem

LEX.

Ruwning Pater

The above description may not be the de

that Pentex enters the average chronicle, but for most

138

a

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

wolves, that's exactly how they found our about
Werewolf's corporate behemoth of an antagonistic
‘organization. Ie wasn't because a giant van with the
Pentex logo tolled upto the cacm and starred disgorg
ing wave after wave of heavily armed fomori in snappy

corporate uniforms, that's for sure,

Pentex is an all-but-invisible megacorporation,
shelves; it owns subsidiaries that produce many of the
houschokd name products of the World of Darkness,
but Pentex itself isa largely administrative body. Most
people go their entire lives without ever seeing the
Pentex logo. And that's exactly the point

Where the Black Spiral Dancers are dhe dark
counterpoint to the Garou, and the Bi:
embodiment of spit
role ofthe mostly mundane, horriblysubtle thr
‘operates quictlyin the human world. Much of Pentex's
evil isthe same sort of devorion to the *hottom line"
that you sce in companies in our own world; simple,
casy-to-understand selfishness. At the lower levels,
Pentex and its subsidiaries could be any disreputable
the key diffe:
istharthehigheryous ntexbecomeslike
2 twisted conspiracy movie. The managers start he-
coming more and more intelligent, but no kes mali
cious their various sins against the environment
and humanity ean no longer be attributed t shore.
sightedness. As the characters uncover more and tore
of the nasty little secrets hidden at all levels of the
conganization, lve playets tay pine for the good-na-
tured conspiracy theories like oil companies suppress

es are the

ing cars that run on water. The truth — at least in the
World of Darkness — is considerably nastict.
Before we get to the nutsandboltsof who works for

Pentex, what they do and why, let's consider effective
waystouse thisholdingcompany and itssubsidiariesin
a Werewolf game. This is the big picture; the det
can wait a few minutes

iidinal Rules for Using Pentex

# Pentex, thematically, is the
nd books. Greedy entrepreneurs doing every:
thing withi

their power to leverage their financial
and polit psporate decisions, secret
cabals of People that's the stuff of the
y. Pentex and its people have plots within

within (you guessed it) more plots. Everyone

seems (0 work together, but there are always seeret
dissenters and plans afoot. Player characters may get
drawn mto some of these plots and think they've gota
hhandleon what's really oingon behind thescenes, but
chancesate, they're only going to scratch the surface.

ni


|

of Pentex employees is that they've learned too well to
keep their head down and not make trouble. To
paraphrase the old saying, evil peospers when good
people stand by and do nothing.

* Pentex, like any good cor
everything!

diver Net
the Wyrm upon it.
Pentex story might be

hey dohas the stamp:
Some of the antagonists
pawns ofthe Weaver (Pentex suppo
in high technology and homogeneity), while others
right be a third party (such as a vampite's catspaws).
Many more

ny advances

ght have no supernatural ties at all —

they're simply doing things chat endanger Gaia, or

whatever other werewolf agenda might be at stake
* Tension isa good thin,

You wantthe playersto
have butterflies in theit stomachs each time they
‘oppose a Pentex agent or foes from one of the subsid-
taries. They should be concerned and worried about
the outcome; it shoukln't bea walk in the park. What
the mortals from Pentex don't have in terms of brute
strength, they do have in the form of information and

certain dangerous pieces of technology on their side,
They do lot of research and can cook up foul toxins
‘or weapons that really can hurt werewolves. Play up
this creepy factor as much as possible

* Make it personal. A figurehead of one of the
Pentex subsidiaries would make an id ary;

1 adve

players will always be much more interested in y

conspiratorial plots if these affect the characters in

way. Maybe this Storyteller charucter

screws up apack's plans to protect a certain wikleness

coup of Kinfolk. Whatever uve reason, this

acterisa thorn in the pack's side. Draw it out and

lec their anger reach a nice boiling point before having
aabig showdown.

© Throw out plenty of red he

forget to actually

ngs, but don't

ers discover some

ruthsabout Pentex and its subsidiaries along the way.
If you don't let the werewolves feel they occasionally
‘accomplish something, the players will get jaded and
discouraged. You should probably have some sort of
resolu if it won't appear fora
long while. Not much is worse than a conspiracy
plortine that doesn't periodically havesome closure to
all the loose ends,

© Believability... or not, Pentex is large and di-
verse enough for you as the Storyteller to decide just
how you want to use th

your mind, eve

n your game. Do you want
them to be the ultimate in shadowy, gritty realism, of
are their plots going tw seem mote like the most
beinous tabloid hecallines? That, of course, 1s up f yous
consider your mix of players and characters when
tailoring Pentex to fit your individual chronicle

140

i —

eee LA Po SNP a NP

Source and Resourcer

Movies and television shows focusing on con-
spiracy themes. coverups sind supernatiral mys
teries have always been popular, Justa few of the
classics and sleepersyoushould consider watching
for inspiration on running Pentex:

The Insider (frankly, a must-see, not just for
tactics, but also as proof that people don't need any
motivation other than avarice o be "evil"); A Cie
Action; Conspiracy Theory (Patrick St the
villain is an extra bonus); Enemy of the States La
Femme Nita (both television show ara
are very different); The XFilesand The Lone Gie
Millennizom; Mode at 1600, Erin Brockovich (top)
envitonmental destruction); The Game ; No Wary
Ou; Ninth Gate; The M n Candidate; Th
Days of the Condor; Allshe Presider
Grosse Point Blank aed True Les (earmpy, but fun)

if youstil havethe stomach forit, anythinghaving to
do with that whole Roswell/Ar

Sowhat exactly is it that Pentex and itssubsidiaries
hope to accomplish? What's their bottom-line agenda?

Well, the first thing to establish is thar "what
Pentex wants" iskind of a misnomer. Most ofits various
agendas can be tracod back to "what the Board of
Directors wane", which isa very different thingentirely
Each personon the Board of Directors hashisorherown
motivations, ambitions and personal image for "chang-
ing the world", to say nothing of those below them.
Generally, though, the two main factors determining
Pentex policy and action are those employees who
know aboutand serve the Wyrm, and those who don't

Those "in the know" are the vast minority at
Pentex. Ie'sentirely possible thar there are peopleeven
‘on the Board who don't know what the Wyrm is, and
woukl be terrified at the thought of being played as its
puppets. Further, those Pentex figures whodo know of
the Wyrm (and who ship it) have
their own variety of motivations. Some are slavishly
loyal to the face of the Wyrm they know best (most
often a Maeljin Incama or other high-ranking Wyrm-
spirit); others naively think they're the ones playing
the Wyrm's forces for fools. The agendas of these
"enlightened" executives vary greatly, but generally
fall into a sim — the desire to break the
human spirit, of humanity an ideal market
‘of consumers. When the world has nothing to afer
that's more attractive than what Pentex can provide,
Pentex will own the ultimate monopoly. When the
"enlightened" order anothe

‘Most cases, We

nvironmentally destruc:

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Ty,


tive measure, is often as much to destroy something
else thar might distract people from their ideal "workd
of consumers" — and if those damned pesky Garou
suffer from the measure, too, that'sall the better.

The second group, and by far the more numerous,
are those Pentex employees who don't know about (or
with few exceptions, believe in) the supematural. The
wast majority of Pentex managers worship not the All
Consuming Wyrm, but the Almighty Dollar. These
people ustdon'tearenbout anything more than increas
ing their own profit margin, even if they phrase it in
terns like "now L can buy thar sports car [ always
dreamed of" or "now I can send my ki to a really
prestigious college." Such characters should need little
claboration; there are plenty of colorful models in eur
‘own world to provide inspiration. The most salient
point is, of course, that these people help empower and
encourage Pentex's most avaricious and unethical
projects, simply because it'll help increase their own
share ofthe pie. (Those managers thar are more inter-
ested in their personal ethies than an increased pay
check don't last long at any of Pentex's subsidiaries.)

To accommodate their goals, Pentex irs sath
sidiaries do their best to keep competitive in the
Information Age. Currently, Pentex pursues intelli
gence chiefly in communications (television, tele
phone and radio), imagery (photographs
nediums (computer data and
the Internet). They use these arenastodetermine their
nal
secrets and negate counter-espionage. The current
comporate climate frowns on less subtle acts of environ:
mental terrorism or blatant binding-Banes-into-prox!
ucts; incompetent regional managers who blatantly
attract too much werewolf attention without achiev-
ing actual results are easily replaced

ind surveil

lance) and electronic

ne the te:

enemies' capabilities and intentions

Profits are up, and slowly but surely, the top
managers' information about werewolves is incr
ing. Not much could be worse for the player characters
than to face an enemy with both real-world power and
supernatural connectians.

Pivtex Bareauerney

Pentex isa warren of divisionsand subdivisions;each
pursues its own projects and agendas more or ks inde-
pendently, though all are accountable to the subdivision
and division directors, and ultimately to the executive
director. The main structure includes the folk divi
sions, with subdivisions noted in parentheses. For many
more details, see Book of the Wyrm, Second Edition,

Each head of a division and subdivision sits on the

board of directors, actually making Pentex a litthe
differenc from its subsidiaries, where the |

\dinves

ar aA PE

are the folks who end up as the board members (and
tof the variouscom

anies'trucains),

ike real-world companies, virtually no outsid:
ere can di

who sits on either the Pentex or

ids. However, for the subsidiaries, the
tities are usually

officers'

matter of public record,
which of course serves Pentex'sneeds perfectly; should
are perfect fall guys.
The Executive Office:
The Executive division, com,
directorand hispersonal:

prisedofthe executive
i, overseesallotherbranches
of Pentex. The director monitors how well the other
are being met, holds veto power over all
company policies and oversees board mectings.

ns and

ume implies, personnel in this division
oversee the many ventures of Pentex and its subsidiar
ies. Project coordinatorsplan endeavors that will bring
in profit to the companies; they also monitor p
perception of subsidiaries and make sure
mal duplication of efforts among persont

gest division of Pentex, and
subdirectors hold consid

min
isis the
s director and

le power.

Acquisitions (Information Collection

The,

.cquisitions division is self-explanatory;here,
a quire, by whatever means neces

companies that will benefit Pentex and its goals, The
division uses corporate espionage and blackmail on a
regular basis (like so many other megacorporations),

and to this end, the Acquisitions operatives collect

is to

information and data on potential acquisitions (orany-
thing deemed useful) for use as future ammo. This
division also keeps an eye on the behavior of all Pentex
employees,setting up'

‘disappearances" ifnecessary, and
amanging contacts among certain other... unusual par
ties (the occasional Black Spiral Dancer or vampire has
found its way into Pentex corporate culture)

Operations (Human Resources):

The Operations division oversees the day-to-c
affairs of Pentex, including monitoring subsidiaries on a
regional basis, Management of workers also falls undet
thisdivision, although indoctrination isprobubly abetter
word than training to describe treatment of employees.
even those ar the higher echelons, Upper-level manage
ment in Operations also works directly with subsidiary
directors at Pentex's various underliny companies

Special Projects (Project Hiad and Project Odyssey):

TheSpecial Projectsdivision isthesmallest entity
within Pentex, but also the most potentially danger
ous. It oversees various experi
Pr Auading, on

nts and research
wd conuol, genetics and the

nects,

Chapter Four: The Adversaries 141

SEO POY SE

of PLL BD BEE, FEDS PRT TEE ENN IS PET OD TCE SF,


of biotech. Iliad focuses on creating
fomori while Odyssey concentrates on the develop:
ment of psychic abilities

Otter Unie

Pentex also has

inber of "floating" projects
that can be mose troublesome for the characters. These
ate among the more maverick schemes of Pentex and
its subsidiaries, so Storytellers should feel free to plan

cs)asthey sce fit

and develop these projects (ornew
Project Aen
Once hopeful crossover endeavor henween Projects
‘Oulyssey and lad, the aim of Projece Aeneid wasto create
a reproducible Bane called a Mind Feederand insertitinto
thebrainsofpsychics. Theend result would beatelepathic
fomor, a useful agent by any standard, although test
subjects demonstrated an inconvenient, insatal
titefor human brainsnatter. Recent .the project
has been scrapped, although not from any ethical objec
tionsstheheadof Special Projects, Harold Zettler, deemed
that the psychics in Project Odhssey were too valuable to
sacrifice. This act received strong agreement from Ki
Yamacaki, overweer of Oulysey, but extreme diseent from
the head of liad, Francesco. Iliad' top man és extre
anxious to get revenge on both his rival Yamazaki
boss, Zettle, for sera

thou,

ping his pet project. Francesco, a
Black Spiral Dancer Philodox. is a singularly distasteful
creature, but he may be willing to sell out to wreak havoc

on his enemics within Pentex. The
teller could parlay this into a

\etprising Story

oral quandary for the

«enough to get some inside dirt on Pentex, oF not
Pentex First T

werewolf characters —

First Teams are cadres of highly trained agents who
usually work in small units. Their usual objectives range
from occasional all-out attacks on organized resistance
septs of packs — to the more common tasks of
infiltration and top secret wetwork. They are generally
a last resort, sent in when lesser methoxls just aren't
getting the job done. Combar-oriented Fist Teams
have half a dozen agents or more in each cadre; espio:
nage teams typically include enly qwo or three. In
theory, a director can assemble squads with whatev
specialties for a particular mission, but in
practice, pairs or trios of agents generally get used 10
working with each other and tend to stick together
when possible. Specialties include computer hacking,
‘onganized infiltration and similar types of skills. [fat
possible, a team will include a psychic from Project
Qlyssey. Me oe add powerful
fomori as part of the strike force. One change that
Mollete has implemented is giving the jams better
; she has made a good case for
entirely expendable. Thus, in

martial-oriented te

142 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

FLT STR ——_ aay

ee el

certain circumstances, teams will have access to drug.
enhancement and the latest high-tech gadgets, in addi-

tion to silver bullets, big guns and heavy transports.

Team Primet

This group represents the creme de la eréme of
agentsculled from First Teams, Project lliad andl Project
Odyssey. They reportdirectly tothe Executive Director,
and no one among the other Pentex bigwigs knows of
theirexistence. The Execuses them forall hismostiety
work, from assassination and larceny to torture and
blackmail. Recruits have all received cosmetic surgery
and new identities to become extraordinarily average,
sothey're virtually anonymous (and certainly unknown,
to any former friends in the company).

‘The Omega Plan:
Plan is in many ys like that "great
ne plans towrite someday} it sounds pretty
good in theory, but ishard toput into practice. Basically,
this is th blueprint for taking over the world. Step

‘one involves draining the human spirit and the planer's
resources to the point of near-global annihilation, this
is where che company and its subsidiaries stand cur-
rently. Insteprwo, Pentex comes inasthe planer's white
knight, saving humanity from extinction, Then, by step
ee, they'll be corally in charge of everything. Need
lessto say, thisstuff isn't written down anywhere, butit's
mething that every director and subdirector knows
about — or thinks they do, Some of the older board
members think the plan is perfectly viable; some of the
newer members have their doubts but are cautious
enough not to quibble over the plan, at least openly,

Project Ice:

With the collapse of Project Aeneid, Project [ee is
the new hot item at Pent
the directors

. For some time, several of
fe pointed out th:
basically an untapped resource. Weird stor
legends abound conceming lost civilizations, p
‘man creatures and buried treasures on the iey conti-
nent. So, Pentex has finally sent a specially equipped
First Team tocheck out some of the rumors. The team
hhasjust established asmall base and hopes tostart their
investigations during the next spring and summer.

Pentex Tiihhet

Pentex, along with itssubsid
broad-spectruin strategics to accomplish its goals, The
following are some general guidelines for ways to best
use Pentex as an adversary in your chronicle.

‘Think Globally, Act Locally

Even though Pentex is a worldwide, many of
insplorsfocusoncausingproblemsat local levels Ircan't
create an apathetic public without getting out in the
field, after all. Whar it can do is create a lot of misery in

ss hassome basic,


I ee

As Pentex has become more and more involved
‘Team operatives have begun using certain code
f their own for the obstacles and tactics
peculiar to their work — especially ofa supematural
ire, Followingare the more common terms agents
may toss around; most espionage agents are "in the
know" at least asfaraswerewolvesareconcemed
often chemically immune to the Delirium), although
not know details about some of the more
esoteric resources at Pentex's disposal, such as Banes

Angel: Unseen backup, such as a Bane.

‘trikingatatarget through
his friends and family.
DOS: Dead On Sight. A termination order.
Dust and Swee
stalls a carget while another agent searches the
t's home or office
psychologist who preps agents for
1 Mollet is one example

One agent smokescreens or

Evaluato

fieldwork. Ka

nies mst important
secrets and agents

1g Entering an office to steal something, or
bug or false evidence.

ituation designed to stall

Honeytrap: A sex
or compromise a target
In the Cold: Agent operating without supervi-

sion from the corporation; agent operating without

Control.

Spock Speak

In the Pocket:

K9: Werewolves friendly to Pentex (usually
Black Spiral Dancers)

Litter: A local infest
Fomoriagents. From "nutritionalsupple
5 most agents, even the fomori them.

An agent on an undercover

1on of werewolves.

selves, believe fomor agent's powers and mutations
to be chemically induced.
iver ammunition.

le device such asia cyanide
tooth. Many agents are given a "ride home'

along
with a briefing that emphasizes they're better off
dead than caught by werewolves.

Roll of Quarters: A clip of silver bullets.

Sloppy Joe: A killing meant to intimidate,
tsually through mutilating the target almost wholly
beyond recognition.

Stray: A werewolf. Very rarely used to identify
other shapechifrore (Stray cat
most Pentex agents don't even know other
shapeshifters exist

‘tray hied," &

Tells: Specific marks that can aid in identifying
an undercover agent

TEAA: Tragic ficry automobile accident, An
assassination that looks like an accident

Watering Hole: Safchouse with a substantial
store of weapons,

typical towns and communities, in a variety of regions
and locales. How does this work? Let's look at on

medium-sized town that just happens to host a subs
iary factory. First of all, the employees at the factory are
probably exposed to faint taints each and every day they
goto work, These may create health problems over the
Jong haul, so that products or services from Magadon or
Autumn I lealth Care are needed. The taints might also
influence the employees' personalities to make them

more susceptible to certain types of advertising, which
in tum proc them to use more subsidiary products with
more unpleasant side effects. The results for Pentex:
Profit, public apathy and greed. [e's a perfect scenar
that could be ongoing in the characters' own backyards.
Keep Friends Close and Enemies Closer
Pentex doesn't mind cultivating distasteful allies
among certain other supernatural factions; while cau
tious, they'd like to kindle more relationships wit

it
ring inrohed with these

Chapter For

lacks, vampires and the like

{ypes is important, but not quite as vital as getting good

dircon the local shapeshifiers. Pentex s actively trying to

sept, not to destroy the packs (yet) but ta find

just exactly how Garou society works, There's time
enough for killing

armation. To this ¢
that rare werewolf who may be willing to
sellout. Ashorrible as this may scem, Pentex is confident
it will happen; all they need is patience

Misinformation is Key

Not even the members of the Pentex board have
all the pieces to the myriad plots within the company
proper and its subsidiaries. Moreover,
key positions virtually requiresthe ability to misinform
and mislead both superiors and subordinates alike. So.
for outsiders, finding out real ditt on Pentex
subsidiaries should be difficult. For every three grains
of information, two will be shaky at best; the third may
he core ir won't he the whale story

on; what they want now is

endancy to

id its

bs

The Adversavies 143

CEL, ETS LY ATU

|


|

Use Enemies Against Themselves

Pentex may not be expertson the werewolves, but
they have discovered that there's some natural friction
between local "litters." They'd love roencourage these
disagreements into a full-blown war. Moreover, seeing
that there are distinet differences between werewolves
of the western world and the Asian shapeshifters,
there's potential for
to get the werewo!

ents investigating whether c
‘cross-cultural dispute. Anything

s to divert their energies away

from Pentex an

Peotex Compariet

If Pentex is the faceless puppet
subsidiariesare the

ards each other isworth pursuing,

then its

Jown-in-the-trenchesenemiesmost

ed descriptions

A

werewolves encounter. For mote de
of several of these companies, see Subsidiarie:
le to Pentex,

In acklition to the top subsid

s (see below),

there are a number of up-and-coming Pentex-sup-
ported companies thar aredoing quite wel, despite the
yy. These

* Bradford Incorporated: Taki
the public hue and cry at the sorry state of education,

downturn in the ec Jude

Bradford isone of the many corporations stepping in to
run public schools just like small, independent busi
nesses. The "proxluets" are children who can mind-
lessly show an increase in standardized test scores. The
problem with Bradford is that they don't allow for
ity, much less creativity. Chiklren at
these schools make the grades. but at the price of
tuming into tedious automatons.

much individu

Sample Litt Tiam Ageot
This individual is a typical, well-trained nor-
imal operative for Pentex. Storytellers might wish
to individua
specialties,

agents to give them particular
Ay as demolitions, infiltration or
hand-to-hand combat. Don't forget that many
agents will carry certain drugs that can tempo-
rarily increase stats (although the crash from using
these drugs is exceptionally unfun).

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina
ipulation 2,
Perception 4, Intelligence
est Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3,
, Drive 1, Dodge 3, Firearms 4, Inves-
tigation 1, Melee 3, Medicine 1, Stealth 2,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2, Survival 2

Willpower: 6

Computer

Whos ho tn Fevter

Your players might never meet these people,
uit as the Storyteller, you should know just who's
tains, and why
Di
J is hell-bent on cx
world fall of hetplessiiess aund despair.
Benjamin Rushi
Project Coordinatio:
far-sighted. He isdedic
power at any cost
Adrian Newberry, Division Director of Op-
erations: Newberry is the administrative genius
behind Pentex and its subsidiaries. Nothing bap-
pens without his knowing about it.
Harold Zettler, Division Director of Spe
Projects: Depraved and volatile, Zettler nonethe-
less has lot of vision, particularly when it comes

Peter Culliford, Execs

isa master of deceit a

eetor: Culliford
nga

Division Director of
using is ambitious and
sd to increasing Pentex's

to his pet projects.

Danforth Stern, Division Director of Ac-
quisitions: Stern isa total basketcase who believes
aliens are coming to earth any day now. Much of
his power and control has slipped to Lamont

James Kiker, Subdivision Director of Public
Relations: A whiz at advertising, Kiker hasn't
kept up with moder trends and technology as
successfully as he should have.

Kiro Yamazaki, Subdivision Director of
Project Odyssey
While an underdog in Pentex politics, he's not

maraki is clever and shrewd

someone 10 piss off
Chase Lamont, Subdivision Director of In-
Pentex's newest
iden boy, Lamont isbein
ng for great things in the future.
Kathryn Mollett, Subdivision Director of
Human Resources: The only femaleon the Pentex
board, Mollet skillfully m pulates both her
underlings and her peers with shrewd psychology.
Francesco, Subdivision Director of Project
Wiad: Despite a rise to prominence in Pentex,
Francesco (a Black Spiral Dancer) is not entirely
pleased with the way things have gone. He's keep.
ing options open.
Rubin, Subdivision Director of
Rubin is a toral wild card. Despite his
tremendous financial acumen, no one at Pentex
can fire out anything about his backgsou.

groomed

14

—_—

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

TT,


© Meyers, Feinstein and Hargrett: With multina-
tional interests, Pentex's board of directors saw the need

to have a subsidiary law firm with offices around the
work. Meyers, Peinstein and Hargrett have practices set
upin majorUScitiesandinternationalofficesin London,
Bangkok ane! Johannesburg. The firm can have a you
eager and utterly unscrupulous attorney at the elbow af a

‘matter where the crime of problem occurs.

Yoke Within Poke

In the past couple of years, several of the
Pentex board members have bought and nurtured
their own private con
profitand pursuetheir own interests. Chase Lamont
and Benjamin Rushing in particular enjoy the
challenge of these secret pursuits. Whether
Cullifordaand otherswithin Pentex know (or cate)
ahout these activitiesis unclear. Storytellersmight
use these small connections to Pentex as tools to

get player characters involved in deeper plots
through the back door, as it were.

Southeastern Tech Management (STM)

Ostensibly a technical consulting firm, STM
is the brainchild of Chase Lamont. They sell and
install high-end computer equipment to corpors
tions all over the southeast; customers include
power companies, local governments and various
fhuman resource agencies. STM provides firewall
services to their customers; however, what they
don't explain is that they alone control passwords
and access to the firewalls. In short, anyone
STM who wishes to know more about their cu
tomers or even their customers' customers (cit
zens actoss the southeast) can bypass the security
with ease, Th herdataon

i Lamont
millions of people; such information is his bread
and butter for blackmail.

Credicorps
Rushing, taking inspiration from his protégé,

has purchased hisown company through a number
of smokescreens. sdicorps is a typical credit
management firm; they run checks for various
credit card companies and banks. Rushing uses
this information togetdircnotonlyon people who
may prove usetul to his projectendeavors, but also
‘on most of the subsidiary employees and their
families. Money talks, and Rushing knows that
people will do about anything to preserve theit
financial well being, should such tactics be
he wants.

necessary for him to get wh

ar eres PE

Tope Pentex Sohoidlarias
Pentex ranks its top companies on two concepts,

profitability and usefulness. The following subsidiaries are

cither prime sources of

ycome oF 0 Valuable in veaching
Pentex's goals, they've been pegged as major players

Storytellersshould note that these are not the only Pentex

subsidiaries; if you have ideas for other companies, by all
means develop them and ste them on your players

* Ardus Enterpr
ment firm th:

es: Aus is a waste manage
collects (and often re-uses) all
of waste products, from radioactive poll
logical refuse. They aren't coo picky over how such
products are disposed, either

* Autumn Health Management Systems: This
firm purchases and manages hospitals and nursing
homes, maintaining bare minimum standards of care
while reaping exorbitant profits

* Avalon Incorporated: Seemingly an innocent
toy company, Avalon's products subtly tum young
ster into greedy, destructive brats. Recently, they've
italized on the lucrative adult toy market as well.
* Black Dog Games: A leader in the roleplaying
industry, games from Black Dog encourage players to

ants to bio»

indulge in whiny selfishness and cragic hipness by

wing violentantiherocharacters. Tellus Enterprises,

another subsidiary, produce accompanying software

* Circinus Brands: Circinus produces and sills
tobacco products, targeting their ads specifically at
young people. They promote smoking as a must for
being cool. hip and trendy. Also, against FOC regula.
tions, they use occasional subliminal advertising to
attract buyers

A  Cirtatn Scent ha the Mie?

Many products from Pentex subsidiaries con
tain spiritual contaminants called caints. Taints
are not gencrally detectable; however, they tend
to cause subtle effects in persons that use ar con:
sume the products. Such side effects

inclu

addiction, apathy, illness or even personality dis
orders.

Taints don't usually fale over time, $0 a
Discileries wine will be dan
even for years to come. Many tainted products

have a time-release effect as well; hence the user
nect her extreme fatigue with the
cosmetics she used a few weeks ago,
tain werewolf Gifts can detect the pres:
of aints. Otherwise, t'snext co impossible to
discover the corruption innocently lurkiny.on the
grocery story shelf

Chapter Four: The Adversaries 145

SCOT UE 2 TER Fo ea AY

|



customers each successive g en though
xe drinking,

ns of

the company publicly denounces under

most acls don't feature anyone over 22 y

* Mayadon, Incorporated: Afee
other Pentex subsid adon is second only to
Endron in size and profits. A giant in the pharmaceu-
tical industry, Magadon has also expanded into cos:
metics and medical supplics. Magados
are aimed at young women in particular; products
include diet pills, breast implants and so-called "per:
manent makeup" chemicals.

© Nastrum Enterprises: A small but profitable
venture, Nastrum designs and builds weapons c

requiring wo

sales tactics

destruction as well as delivery systems and aircraft
Most sales take place illegally to third world countries
‘or to independent terrorists

* Omni Television: This proxluction company has
made a real mark in the past few years through c
‘ing on the enormous reality television market. Grow-
ing from now trite real-life cop shows to gruesome
emergency room dramas, they've finally hit the big
leagues with Tooth and Claw, a show that puts amate
wound the world.

ing many products from other
subsidiaries, O"Tolley's is a workd leader in fast food
Ics greasy, unhealthy and utterly irresistible to most
consumers. Moreover, the food 1s cheap. With an
O'Tolley's on every comer, families can chow down on
tainted burgers any time they want.

inbow Incorporated: This subsicl
factures and markets a variety of plastic and rubber
items, from tires to LV tubing. Rainbow has recently
sunk more funds into hig ad campaigns on the feasibil
ity of using plastic

* Tellus Enterprises: Tellus has grown from a
sinall video games company into a world leader in the
software and hardware market. Theystill produce lotsof
games, which promote mindless violence, and reap a
hhuse profir from their sleek, futuristic CPUs, which are
priced a good deal lower than competitors' products,

* Vesuvius Incorporated: Vesuvius controls
wide autay of publishing interests, from magazine and
hooks, to comics and newspapers. This gives them the
perfect opportunity to promote other subsidiaries
through ads, as well influence public opinion for
Fentex's benefit on various pertinent issues, such as
gun control and youth v

* Young and Smith, Incorporated: The third
largest subsidiary, Young and Smith manufacturea wide
variety of foodstuffs and personal care products. Conve-
rience foods are their biggest moneymaker; all edibles
are full of preservatives and incredibly unhealthy

(on safari in exotic locat

Ii

lence

Chapter Four: The Adversaries

SO Lo RY FY EIS

as NLT PEN RN

Mery poling Took avd Tichuiguet

Until now, we've been discussing creating a cer
tain mindset for Pentex hased more or less on an.
onage ad conspiracy model. But the questio
Storytellers ishow to best show players the way Pentex
‘ing away all the secrets. With
that in mind, here are some Storytelling tools and tips
you can use to better convey the mood of conspiracy

operates, without

with the enemies working from the shadows

Secret Transcripts and Tapes —

Eventually, the characters are going to figure our a
way to wiretap or bug one of the subsidiaries (Glass
Walkers could be useful here). Instead of telling the
players what the characters find out, take the time to
prepare a veal transcript, tape or bit of email. These info
samples don't have to be long, but they should show a
conversation that will help the players either get some

discoversome
useful tidbits thar will help with infileration. If you're
technologically savvy, you could use props such as digi
tized auaiofiles and image clips; perhaps the chiracters
hhave successfully bugged some of their enemies' comput
ervand now have access fo even some encrypted files.

Informants —

What espionage story doesn't have some variation
of Deep Throat? As much as Pentex and its subsidiaries
are loathe to admit it, not everyone isa happy camper

good dirt on their enemies for future u

in the big comporate family. And noreveryone isstupi
enough @ keep his or herfeelings private, either. With
a little luck an
can probably discover an insider willing ro work with
them to inflict serious damage

Details, Details, It's All in the Details —

‘One esential element for conspiracies is the level

shrewd observation, the charak

of detail. As Storyteller, you're going to need to have
things a little more fleshed out than you would for a
more physical session; this!
ing interesting personalities for the Storyteller charac
tersaswell ashav

Judes tasks like construct

clear in your owen head just what
everyone's plots and agendas are. Also, make sure the
players keep careful records of your labyrinthine plots
(the ones they discover, that is). Consider awandi
xtra experience point on occasion to the player that
makes good notes to share with the group, Likewise, ifa
Jot of time must lapse between sessions, try to ke
everyone uptodate and in the loop-on whats goingon,
Email or chatrooms can be most effective to retin!
everyone of whar's ranspired, who's been involved anal
whar thepark'snext plancare: they aso provide
written record. This salot more c
torchash every nitpicky detail at
new game session,

venient than trying
beginnin

ofeach

SS ay,


|

Rumors —

Sometimes, it's alittle more difficule to get char-
acters involved in the big corporate plot; afterall, if it
were all such a big secret, why in the woeld would the
werewolves know about it? This is where rumors come
in, Rumors ean get to the characters in a variety of
ways: asecurity glitch arasubsidiary,an employee that
talks too much or just plain dumb luck. In any case, a
rumorshouldstraddle the
h to catch the werewolves' attention and vague
h to leave them wanting to know more.

Get in the Mood and Write it Out —

The format'snot important; youcouklusea journal,
Vignette or complete short story. The important ching is
that you, the Storyteller, cot ict some fiction to get
you (and possibly the players if i's appropriate co share
the material) in the right frame of mind. Perhaps you
want toget into the head of the nebbish corporate peon
who's going to screw up and fall into some pretty youre
werewolf' honeytrap. By writing an entry in his diay,
you can get into his heal and thus use this Storyteller
character more effectively than ifhe was nothing more
than a ben

Panter Toye

Pentex, its agents and its subsidiaries have a wide
antay of useful devices at their fingertips. Distribution of
these itemsdependsontwothings then
and the value of the agents involved. Grunts on
duty won't have access co fancier gearand stimulants! But
the well-trained computer tech infiltraror peabably will
— enough time and money has gone into his trai
inake his preservation worth the goods (for a while).

Drugs

nce between being specific

hvof stats

Inixklition to most normal pharmaceuticals, certain
Pentex employees have access to three potent types of
®. The first are anti-Delirium drugs; as the name
implics, usage can temporarily negate the effects of De-
linum when the agent confronts a werewolf. The good
n fast-acting autoinjector form; the
they don't last very long, perhaps 15
inutesorsodependingon individual metabolism. Their
best use isas.a "get away" took; the drugalloms the agent
toclearherhead enough to escape an angry werewolf (in
theory, anyway). Magadon is currently working ont a
tion that has longer duration.
The second category of drugs are the anagathics,
drugs. They'te difficult to produce and
most controlled subst
mnily. For the present, only the
their selected flunkies) has
effects are subtle bur ins

news isthat these
ul news is th

or antiagin
probably th

ccess to these drugs. Side
1s, includin,

diction,

panic attacks and bouts of extreme pare

14

_—

ee

Finally, chereare the stimulants (colloquially known
as stims or boosters), Taken be bat, they can
temporarily raise Physical stats by a random d10 points,
adjusted asthe Storytellerseesfit toembellish Strength,
Dexterity orStamina. After the drugs were off, in about
«an hour's time, the user becomes useless he's exhausted
and nevds abou

Deviecs

Agents taking part in large-scale assaults hy
access to an arsenal of weapons that would rival any
nation's military surplus. One of the Isisusing
depleted uranium ammo; not only does it blow up
things real good, itleavesbehind traces of radiation for
e. Even in these small doses, the
radiation can cause sickness and possibly trigger worse
conditions for the vietim.

Pentex also uses the latest in computer espionage
technology. Spiders are tiny devices that can suck out
sand then reconstruct bits of data when retrieved. Data
shredders, on the other hand, utterly destroy target
data; not even first aid pro}
terial after the shredder

24 hours to recover completely

some years 10 con

suns can recOnStTUCt Ma
ishes its job.

Finally, foruse in some ofitsmore local anal low-key
‘operations, Pentex has had some subsidiaries manufe-

ture seemingly innocent items that can have long-term
effects population. One of their favor-
ites is the Little League Plaque. This device looks like a
simple thank-you plaqu

'sgiven toa local restaurant
cor business to show appreciation for theit support of a
lids sports team. However, anyone who frequents the
business or restaurant is slowly affected by a given taing
‘no family would ever conneet its increased fatigue and
srouchiness to the local O'Tolley's, would they?

Syory Seed

To give you some ideas for v

ng Pentex and its
idiaries, here are a few examples of the types of
es they might cook up. You'll have to tailor fit
these, of course, to suit your chronicle and mix of
players and characters.
Employee of the Week
A Pentex subsidiary hires
tant friend of one of the ch:
quite well forthe new employe
do anything out of the ordin:
enough. However, as time passes, perhaps he has to stand
oon shaky ground, ethically speaking, Perhaps, ifthey are
in the know about his connections to the werewolves,
uppe insaskingnosy questions. And by
this time, the powers that be have enough clout to coerce
the employee into committing:
rather keep to himself, He

sche

tsortellingsecrets he'd

» to his friends or relatives
for help. How will they respon?

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

yy,


After the Fall

Unfortunately for Pentex, an unlucky First Team
miscalculates. On a mission, they make
area with bodies. Pethaps a routine test of a

their position and also litter the

subsidiary product backfires, or there is some kind of
information leak that allows media to make a
pected appearance. Inany case, the characters stumble
‘on the scene of this mess before a cleaner arrives
They'll have some time to try and work out exactly
wwhachappened, and probably gathersome useful infor:
mation and evidence, but eventually a cleanup teamt
will turn up, ready torsnuf out any onlookers. The
werewolves will have tonot only mop up the mess, but
also potentially deal wich awo squads of highly trained
soldiers (and the cleaner crew will definitely be more
adept than the previous batch), to say nothing of
protecting agy innocent bystanders.
celings

Magadon officials, looking to get « solid hold on
the counterculture as a marker hase, has perfected
series of special tattoo inks and body picteing rings

cars or whatever location

the customer chooses), which it releases to a crefully
chosen test market, in a town not too far from the
werewolves! home base. The inks and metal in the
sing all cacty'a subtle caine chat hasa ewofold effect.
Fuptof al, che recipient wantsto get more and more of
thebody art, which of course increases the power of the
taint. Seeond, the taint augments whatever attributes
of apathy, self-centereciness and lethargy already exist
inthe victim, Instead of enjoying thetarroosox piercings
a form of self-expression or art, thé customer be-
comes totally obsessed with her own sense of impor-
tance. Characters can. get involved in several ways,
maybe by noticing a jump in the number of indolent
youths hanging around the town, or perhaps by visit-
ingthe local tattoo and piercing parlor themselvesand
{eclingstrange afterwards, Howeverthey get involved.
there should be some means of tracing the inks back to
Mayadon, This could lead to further investigation and
using the company as long-term enemy forthe pack

Shak Spire Dapeers

‘There is no enemy more ferocious or more horrific
than the intimate enemy
The Black Spiral Dancers are unlike all of the

antagonists that the Garou face because they
3

how malformed or how monstrously twisted they
appear from time to time; the Black Spiral Dancers are
werewolves. Being such makes them quite possibly the
most formidable foe the Garou Nation

fesomuch,
the Caron themselves. Have no illasions;s6imatter

possibly face

a OLE PEN RN

Chapter Four: The Adversaries

EEL END OY SDAIN

Millennia ago, the White Howlers battled the
legions of Hadrian in the Scottish moors of northern
Britannia along the Caledonian border. The Wyld was
strong here in their age, and the savagery of the White
Howlers coupled with their determination to rid their
homelandsof the minidys of the Weaver and Wyrm not
only gave pause to the armies of Rome, but bred an

on within the Pict wile that would, eventu-
ally, become the ky to theirdemise. The White Howl
erstook their warand their rage to the very doorstep of
the Wyrm, their pride blinding them into delusions of
decisive victory against the great annihilator. Instead,
the Wyrm swallowed the tribe whole and then vomited
them back onto Gaia's face asthe Black Spiral Dancers,

‘The Black Spiral Dancers are as much a spititual
and moral foc to the Garoa as they aren mortal one
Every encounter that a player character has with a
member of the Tribe of the Fallen should leave the
player's character with a distinct sense, not only of
mortality, bur a fairly solid recognition of just how far
4 werewolf can fall. The Black Spiral Dancers shoukl
not simply represent a target for the sake of combat,
nar chould they serve ax a simplistic form for the
enemy. The Black Spiral Dancers represent what the
‘Garou should consider an omen of death, plain and

pple. Not just death of the body, but the death of the
‘mind and the soul. They are the death of purity aud of
hope. They are the death of the dreams cherished by
Garou Nation and the horror and uncertainty of
death staring back from the faces of any of their long
est brothers or sisters. No Garou should feel comfort
able staring down a Black Spiral Dancer. To look into
the eyes of one of the Fallen Tribe is 10 experience
what waits should the war against the coming Apoca-
Iypse be lost. In many ways, the Black Spiral Dancers
represent everything that the Gaian Garou fights to
stave off every single day of her life.

Netiton's Law says that for each action that occurs
thereisalsoan equal or opposite reaction. Thisisonec the
tmuisras of the universe, to he certain. Where the Garoat
fight to sve Grit and to preserve that which remains and
hhasnotbeen lost already, the converse agenda of the Black
Spiral Dancers is both equal and oppesite

The Creat Corretion
Itis very easy to write the Black Spiral Dancer tribe
off as a swollen cule of mad traitors, deformed and

nals, eatersofflesh and gibberi

‘of gods long dead or damned and nothing more. Many
mone the rrihesof Gaia have subscribed to this mindset
throughout history, and itcan be assumed thar many do
so to this very day. Classifying the entirety of your

wy with the stereotypes inherent to the weakest

|

umber convenient, Ir isan easy

149



mares centered on her involvement in the complete
massacre of the men of a colonial New England hamlet
andthe unnatural violation of the gitlsand women of the
ay be revealed Later

tothe character that one of hereatly Atmerican ancestors
fell to the comuption of the Wymn and betrayed the
Kinfolk he was swom to protect.
Diingitng dhe Black Spital Dancers to your charac
ters and chronicles in a subtle manner helps to avoid
the overwhelming familiarity your players might de
velop for the Tribe of the Fallen with too much direct,
in-your-face exposure to them. As the White Howlers
fell, chrough the internal corruption and corrosion of
the Wyrm, so too shall fall those among the Garo
Nation who do not heed che warning that the fallen
tribe represents, Black Spiral Dancers are not always
made from kicking and screaming werewolf captives
ce hurled into Malfeas to face the Wyrm on their
A lot of times, the Wyrm comes walking rightin
through the front door as an invited guest.

Robes of hcone arf Resp

Ifthe Black Spiral Dancers were nat doing some
thing ight, they would have been pulverized. by the
combined might of the Westem Concordia centuries
ago. Subtlety, as was stated before, hasa Lotto do with
the success of the Tribe of the Fallen. Their eolidaricy
and organization, however, add insult to the injury of
theirexistence. The Black Spiral Dancersmaynot agree
with one another and they may not al like each other,
bur they all acknowkedve one truth that wifies thes
«single body; they all serve the same master. Up until
the 20° Century, the Black Spiral Dancers were viewed!
by many within che Garou Nation as an embarrassing
collection of traitorous and hopelessly comupred rif
raff, For every Black Spiral Dancer pack that struck a
blow against Gaia, there were halfia dozen packs of hier
champions to avenge her. This underestimation of the
Tribeot the Fallen hascost the GarouNation in modern
nights, asthe Black Spiral Dancersnow boustthe largest

"organized tribe of werewolves in the world,
tenth of the entire werewolf population.

Unity has more than a little to do with the recent
success of the Black Spiral Dancers. While the Gaian

fou bicker and whine amongone another in regards
torank, stat leadership, the érimes of their fathers,
their bithrights, territory and the correct and righ:
teous way to do bartle against the Weaver and Wyrm,
the Black Spiral Dancers have only one mission; the
Weaver must be destroyed. The Wyrm must be
leashed and nothing else matters. While the ways and
means of accomplishing this mision may differ from
Hive to Hive, the mission itself is one that each and
every Black Spiral Dancer ts charged tochamptonand,

a ALERT PY SR

if necessary, die for. Of course, Black Spiral Dancers
are sull individuals, and have individual motivations

odds with one another. Theutg

les for power and dominance may ts
excessively hoody. But in the end, the Blick Spiral
Gaia. Even theirdark litany states that c
member of the Tribe of the Fallen is obligated to serve
the Wyrm in all ofits forms and to assist the children
ofthe Wyrm, whereverand whenever encountered in
achieving victory in their struggle against that which
the Wyrm secks to consume and devout

Soifthe Black Spiral Dancers aren' tall foaming jaw
matted, rotting fur, purrescence and bad breath, then what
care they?

The Wyrm's imprisonment within the Patter
Web of the Weaver has served to motivate it to
empower and armor its shock-troops with the camou
flage of that which surrounds them, While there are
‘most certainly more than a few hideously monstrous
Dancers that resemble anything but a werewolf in
appearance due to the sheer level of their personal
comuption, there arealso generals in the Wyrin's army
who appear totally and completely notmal in every
posible way. Vanity iyasix-shoutet on the hip of the
great annihilator, and the Black Spiral Dancers, what
they fight for and the source of their power cin, at
times, appear as wolves in sheep's clothing.

The Black Spiral Dancersonce hid inthe shadows
and the dark, labyrinthine tunnels of their Hives from
their Gaian cousins and from the eyes of men. In
modem nights, the Tribe of the Fallen isquite literally
everywhere, The stain of the Wyrm spreads like érude
on Tace actoss the Pattem Web, There is nocity on the
face of the planet that is without some trace of the
Wyrm'skiss. Where the Wyrmispresent, so too are the
Black Spiral Dancers to protect its interests, The
axlaptation ofthe tribe to the urban sprawl of man an
the price it carries with it rivals that of the Bone
Gaawer and Glass Walker tribes. In fact, no other
‘organized tribe of werewolves is better suited to thrive
1 sustain itself within the filthy pockets of human
ingenuity than the Tribe of the Fallen. While they
of the skyscrapers and depths of the sewers, the Black
Spiral Dancers crawl through the cities of men like
termites through a rorten log. This being the case it is
noeasy cask to simply identify a Danceramongacrowd
without the use of Gifts. Permeating every possible
level of society as is necessary for their cause, the Black
Spiral Dancers occupy a place in virtually every level
of the pyramid of human society from the most re

Chapter Four: The Adversavies 151

EL, ET EY TEN


ne AA

spected CEO to the lowliest welfare case. This satura-
tion of society assists the Tribe of the Fallen in their
eff

main invisible shadow playets behind the
folly. While they may nor directly rake
and actions of Corporation X or the
Z,they will mosece
their power to make sure d
obstacles that might star
or the Brotherhood of Z are removed in the
their agendas match those of the Wyrm.

ly doeverything
any and all

omX
thar

Brotherhood of
withis

The paranoia of being constantly surrounded by
the enemy on all sides and in all things és vital to the
theme and mocxl of Werewolf and the coming Warof
Apocalypse. The players should feel that every plot
that they encounter, every conflict that comes their
way is like an apple. Once they take a bite from it, and
only then, theytealize theinfestation that is eorroding
and devouring it from within, None are closer to the
Wyrm than the Black Spiral Dancers, and therefore
the Tribe of the Fallen should be che treated.as theegg-
layer of the pestilence that rots the world from the
inside out. The following are afew examplesofhow the
more normal Black Spiral Dancers might appear and
operate in the World of Darkness:

* Corporate Benefactors — A group of business
men fund the initial expenses for the creation of a
landfill just Outside the suburbs of acity. Within the
plans for the lansdfllare schematies for a public park
buileon top of the sodded and landseapes! mountain of
waste that will result, Beneath the landfill, however,
che xtoup of businessuien, « Black Spinal Dancer pack,
will dedicate a pit and! subsequently, a Hive.

* The Forsaken — A pack of Black Spiral Dancers
infiltrate the homelessand dispersewed of city, protect-
crs pimpsand whores from the frequent
attacks they suffer at the hands of hase who sock to
oppress them, incluxling the eity's Bone Gnawers.

* The Shadies — Conn a city's waste man-
agement unions would not only prove a. profitable
endeavor for a Hive, also give them enormous
influence and power throughout the city's infrastruc
re and organized, criminal hierarchy

© The Allies — Although itis not common, itis
also not unheand of for Black Spiral Dancers to forge

rants, de

alliances with theseet of vampires known asthe Sabb.
"conuulled" cities throughout North and
South America, Black Spiral Dangers might be afforded
both space and leave to serve thei master in practically
any way they sce firin exchange for the protection that
they offer the vampires in daylight hours.

However they may appear, in what ever guises
they choose be they subtle and hidden or full Crinos
and in your face, the Black Spiral Dancers are all one

152

a,

thingifothingelse;the personification of destruction
and the ultimate tool of the Wyrm's appetite. Evil is
trite term, especially when applied tocteatures like the
Dancers. The Black Spiral Dancers sstpass the
mon, accepted definition of evil in that they are
completely devoid of any semblance of the concept of
good. They have no delusions of morality of any kind,
Their consciences, if theyever poscexed them, van'
ing their dance of the Black Spiral. Even the
dks among the ranks of the Tribe of the Fallen are
something far less than human on the inside. The
Black Spiral Dancers cannot be redeemed, and in fact
‘of them wish co be. In order to seek redemption,
first accept that they have transgressed the
ies of decency. To the Black Spiral Dancers,
Fhphrase inachildren's book that they
have neither the time nor the ability to employ. As
James Moore once sid when dealing with the Black
Spiral Dancers;"In the end, there is no sa
There is only the illusion of salvation."

‘The Black Spiral Dancers donot apologize for what
they are, nordo they maintain the capacity for angst in
regards to what they have. as.a tribe. become. The
White Howlers are dead. There are no more. Only the
Black Spiral Dancers remain to remind the universe
that they ever existed atall. While you might make the
decision ae che storyteller co downplay the sinister
depravity thar the Black Spiral Dancers represent, itis
vitally important that you never lose sight of the fact
that they are the complete and total antithesis of every-
thing thar the Garou Nation stands for, The Black
Spiral Dancers serve the Wyrm and call the Wyrm
master. Their adoration for their dark lord is as strong
andasdevoutas any G arou's love and spiritual devotion
10Gaia. The Wyrm represents nothing but destruction,
consumptionanddefilement and the Tribe of the Fallen
are its champions. While this was not always the case
where the Wyrm or the Black Spiral Dancers are con-
cerned, itisnow. It is important that you convey to your
players that should they forget this or disregard the
sravity of whar they face where the Black Spiral Dancers
are concemed, it will hasten their undoing

Icisimportant hat the Black Spiral Dancers make
sense. The template of the gibbering, gigaling and
drooling Black Spiral Dancerwith the tentacles where
its cars should be, g:

ished
ho

tle horns jutting from its nose
nd works fine for the
gross-out effect. It may even have its y

who pissesnitroglycerine ondem

e within
‘Werewolf (depending on how serious you want to be),
but so too docs the "Block Knight" that competently
champions the forcesof darkness and despair. Without
foes that test every last bit of the mettle of the player
characters, you lose something that is important to

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

A TY


‘Werewolf;heroism. Every great champion from Beowulf
to Luke Skywalker is a great champion because he

bested asuperiorfoe through his wits, courage, convic

tions and abilities.
heroes by mal

ake your players' characters in

1 fearsome
their werewolves' rage by con:
them with an enemy that defies the rulesandd
uses the characters' weaknesses against them. Steer
your players towards overcoming their character s!
flaws and innate weaknesses through the necessity of
survival and ehrough the courage of doing what they
know in their hearts to be the righteous thing to do,
regardless of their apprehension orfear and regardless
‘of the oxids against them. No other
Werewolf is 3s useful a vehicle in achieving this in a
chronicle than the Black Spiral Daneers.
Use them wisely

Wasting the Deif

Conflict is unavoidable in Werewolf. Conflicts
inherent to the game and what the Garou are. There
will becombatand there will begonfrontation, butthe
Storyrellershoud handleconfeentation with the Black
Spiral Dancers with special care. Noppack should walk
away from combat with the Dancers unscathed.
While the "shoot firs ask questions kaver*attituade of
iy playerslimaome cases is effective; whenetfic Black!
Spiral Dancers are concerned, this should generally be
conveyed asa grievous mistake. While the Black Spiral
Dancers may be nothing more than dark, hollow reflece
tons of Garou inthe eyes of the werewolf player charac
ters that encounter them, they are most certainly thei
brothers' keepers. Having the immediate advantage in
rnumbersisbad enough, bu wrthe same strategic
expertise as their Gatan enemies where pack tactics are
concemed, the Black Spifal Dancers are not a physical
threat to be taken with 2 grain lightly. Unlike most
vampires or hunters the Black Spiral Dancers can meet
theGarowonany level they have toyineluding toe-to-toe
The Dancers can (and should) do pretty much anything,
that the player characters ean do. They have Gift, just
like the players. They call upon their totems, justlike the
players. They can Reach into the Umbra, just like the
players and they ate every bitas strong, every bit as
cunningand every bitasferociousas the player characters
+s. One thing that shoul be kept in mind whe
running combat between playersand Black Spiral Danc
ersis the complete and total abandan that the Dancers
can give into regarding their Rage. The Dancers ore
children of the Wyrm and their Rage is « gift from the
Beast-of-War. The further they jourey towards the
snarling, frenzied beast that Gaian Garou subconsciously
fear and consciously seek to suppress, the more

and formidable they become tn a combat sc

thernsel

as LTE PN

Black Spiral Dancers do not hesitate to employ
weaponry against their enemies. While it is
ble to-convert the en
st ago ses whose will
mn tothe "Bitch Mother" overrides a nd
all attempts at conversion. If the enemy cannot be
converted, then the enemy is destroyed outright with
‘not so much as a backwards glance. While the Black
Spiral Dancersdo in fact take prisoners and are some
legendary for their propensity to do so, escape
theirclutchesis virtually unheard of. Every battle
apack of player characters fight against the Black
Spiral Dancers, it should be empha
death. There is no gray area, The players should
understand that it is they orthe pack of Dancers they
and that they would all rather be slain in combat
against them than lose and face what comes next

Lyifereot bat hae Same

‘Unity doesnotnecessarily mean similarity where the
Black Spiral Dancers are concemed. While the over
wheling agenda of the tribe as a whole is that which
benefits the Wyrm, justlike the werewolves of the Garou
‘Nation, the Tribe of the Fallen has various and sundry
subdivisions within their tribe o get things done. Difier
cent prongs on the same pitchfork, if you will. While the
Hive of the First Cormsion may strive to undermine the
Garou Nation itself through open and direct conflict in
a setics of well planned, highly technological surgical
sarikes from caem to caem. The Powder Bum Sept may
seek cubtler, les violent means of
sealsas their tribal allies by using the weapon of political
lobbying toweaken legislation regarding gun controland
the availability of fircarms and fircaci. safety require
ments. The Hive of the First Corrosion may score one
vietory after another under the cover of night in thei
high-tech blitckriegsacross the sparsely populated Cana
dian wilderness. The Powder Burn Sept is content to sit
‘back and listen to news reports of yet another high-school
masaicrein the Midwest as they stare blissfully across the
Washington D.C malfandsmile. Such diversity not only
makeslogical sense, it'sgood stuffforkeeping your players
guesing

Def: Attvocapo:
Pthhetophies of the Pain

Ofcourse, italways helps tohavesomeammunition
up your sleeves when your players ask questions like
"How can the Black Spiral Dancers want t destroy
Gata?" The following examples of possible Black Spiral
Dancer philosophies are presented froma the in-charac
terpointof view ofthe Tribe of the Fallen to betterassist

s of belief that might occur between player
and Dancer antagonists. Note that they are

ny to their cause

wer cap
anddevot

fing the same

Chapter Four: The Adversaries 153

Qaim ararene.

AEENY


ee AA

hutafewof the possible approaches toward philosophy
of ultimate corruption or destruction;

them, alter them, or supplant them as you see fit,

nirhilism noun — oral rejection of social mores:
neral rejection of established social convent
belie ion; belief
nothing isw fthat life ispointless
and burn,

values are worthless

The world is dying around you, and [know you can
feel it. Ido. If I can fee d you can feel it, then how
could you possibly deny that tis iso the case? How cam
you see hope many of this? People have been talhang about
the change in the weather pattems and the frequency of

wakes and the hole in the ozone layer for decades
now, but there's nothing that anyone can do about any of
it, Maybe this planet wants to be dead. Did you ever think
of at? Did youever chink thatthe loss of balance, for hich
‘mankinais more than alice to blame, is sumethig thagust
can't fixed no matter how hard yo try or no matter how
‘much blood drips from your claws?

There is only one wa to fic what's broken; tear i all
dlown ana rebuild it from the foundation wp. What you call
therape anal desmructim of Gaia, I eallamercy kllngin an
effort to recreate that that has been lost. When a hose és
condemned because ofits filth and disrepair, its leveled.
When a racehorse breaks its leg iets shot a0 avoid the
prolonging of the animal's suffering. How is Gaia any
different? low cam you call yourself a champion of the
Mother when she's aflthy.snkempe mockery of wor she
twas inthe days before the Suncderng! You should rejoice in
that which we offer and strive to achieve. You should praise
the passing of sickness and the renewal of the universe
through the pucification re of oblivion. stead,
‘you waste your time fighting agunst the terminal, reeping
cancer that has no cure, prolonging the meviable

The Worn is dong what it has always che; itis
ikance through any means neces-
n and the strength of the Weaver
srs tits fnetion in che tnivers, but
together. The only way tocure

mibalance — isto cauterze it

Allwe sek todo light he pyres that wal purify
se into renewal. How é that wrong? Balance
though destruction i still balance ise nor?
Syatvicnde

fravrveide (plural fratri-cides) nown — killing a

brother: the crime in which somebody kills his or her
own brother; killer of brother: somebody who kills his

or her own brother

ary. The rappings of
fave hindered

Gaia's Fangs are an affront to creation and must be
destnyed. For thousands of years the Garow huented and

154

i

‘mauled all thar they labeled enemy with indiscriminate
ferocity. We are nothing more than the karma that has

retumell three-fold to punish them for their cenuaies of
hypocricy and waste. Humanity stands as the dominant
‘master ofthe savaraof the world; an organism as complex
<ascam be found within che whole of ereation while at its core,
as simple as a virus. Mankind is a superior creation and a
rand chaos.

triumph of the potential of balance between oF
The Garon, fearing forthe loss of ther sition si
chain, hunted and herded humans like cate,

serving goal of asserting thety dominanc¢
position within the worlds of flesh as well as spirit

As agents of the Wyrm, we are charged with the
‘maineenance of vniversal balance. The Wsrm once served.as
the goalkeeper bewwicen the Wall and Weaver, cliinating
the creations or classifications of each wich threatened the
bulance of creation. Now, the Worm lies trapped within the
‘Weaver's intricately insane Patter Web. We serve its
prapose and act as the champions of its will while it is
imprisoned. Rather than serve as the Inpvdogs of the Bitch
Mother's will, we serve astheheralds ofthe Devourer; scioms
of ts rage and fiery against those who would seek to subdue
itand, by doing so, destray the fragile balance necessary for
the proliferation ofthe tendverse. The Garon hav disturbed,
if not destroyed the last semblance of balance that remained
‘on earth through their prejudice and stupidity. Their pride
cand theirsimplistic natures make thera incapable of reason or
Compromise, crud dherefone, we have becr create w destroy
them. Only when the lastof the Gaians coughs the last of his
life sblood at or feet will we have achie ed the plateau where
balance can truly be restored to the whole of ercatton.
Dompion

dominion (plural dominions) nown =I. ruling
control: ruling power, authority, or control; sphere of
influence: somebody's area of influence or control

The Darwinism represented by the Garou Nation is
virtually mconcetvable to any outside oftheir ranks. They
claim to be the Fangs of Gaia and the ultimate predators.
Inreality, we are what the Gaians wish they were. We are
werewolves, butwweare werewolves who have
of our pettiness and our wea
Wyrm, who demands we do nothing but fight for domi-
nance abou all that are lesser than we. We allow mankind
to poison itself by tmmersion in its oun fi
this makes us insane? The concepts of sa
are lezalis: erms developed by men or the julication of men
throne of man's law
therefore we ect to their laws, We are not
children of th therefore have nothing to fear
freon their heathen blesphemies. The liters of the Bitch

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

tte <2


Ni ‘
2QNA: Dewey op) she!
Necgenctia Amal jam


|

ee A

snuch nobler than the:
the cruelty of B ‘re interested in promot
few moral dilemmas for yourplayers
DNA may prove

Further, DNA is as effective a way to cre:
with afeel of conspiracy-related paranoia as Pentex, but
with a much more impersonal and sterile flavor. In
fe le of just why

itright profiteering of Pentex or
a
and whoisn't) —

auch story seeds

kanes. fy

ticular, it serves as a snealel ex.

there's no.

alves work to preserve the Veil
better proof thar humans are dangerous and probably
shouldn'tknow thatwerewolvesexist. [ canthreaten
Kinfolk in a more subtle, creepy way than marauding
fomori or Black Spiral Dancers; the violations of well-
meaning but merciless scientists are just as frightening
in their own way as the ungentle talons of the Wyrm's
forces. And, of course, DNA powerfully stresses the
Weaverasenemy, and makes fora refreshing change of
pace from the constant dit of fighting the Wyrm.
DNA is quite different from Pentex, even though
they share some of the some

thous in their madness.
First ofall, DNA doesn have any supemat
Noemployee,evenart the highest echelon, directly "wor
ranking DNA executives would even believe in
caver if they were told of the concept. Instead,
DNA's ties are more subtle and circumstantial than
dleliberare; their philosophies and actions power the
Weaver without the necessity of devotion to the Weaver
a concept. The company's employees, while often well
calucated,are no more powerful than the neighbors down,
diesteetare, The dangerof DNA comes fromthea
of accurate information and data they've
werewolves over the past decade or so, They still have
much to learn, but what they do know is pretty stagger-
ing.,.and within theirenvironment. knowledge is pons
Moreover, being scientist types, they h
unpleasant technology co back up their schemes. I's true
thatnolab-coated DNA scientist is going tosurvivea claw
robeakerbuttle with a werewolf, barring some weind twist
even in death, DNA can be deadly
Consider the effects ofthe recording devices stationed all
aroundalab; even if half the staff gets killed, DNA will scill
have an extremely accurate record of what happened.
Any and all kinds of data will be put to good we

resources,

ve plenty of

of fate, Howey

the best use for DNA is behind the scenes.
They're active all

ound North America, in clinics,

schools and their own private labs, watching and
listening. Any rumor is well worth chee

1 Out, so
they're particularly interested in "wild dog attacks" or
people who crud up with bloody clawed wounds yet
can't remember what happened. When the Delirium
strikes, and mortals are witness, there's a reasonable
chance DNA might also make an appearance... all in
the mterestoferadicatingaternble epkiemic, of course.

156

—

Aesicon
These are the terms DNA uses when discuss-
ipeets of the "lycanthropic disease" they
cis afflicting humans and wolves alike
Carrier — The DNA verm for Kinfolk

GLS —Genetic Lycanthropic Syndrome; the
"disease" DNA believes is afflicting certain hu-

mans and wolves.
GLS-1H—DNA term werewolves,
GLS-1L—DNA ter werewolves

GLS-2 — DD

Why DNA Exieer

DNA represents the madnessof the Weaverin its
desire wo enforce stagnation, inertia and rigidity. They
xe deviations from standard parternsin
the gene pool, regardless of the consequences. In the
process, the DNA scientists have dev
view of how biolo
werewolf

joped theirown
cal life should progress, and the
se" is simply not part of that process
They believe shapechangers are victims of an
unfortunate genetic anomaly, and that by whatever
means necessary, that disease must be cured ot eradi
cated. Even if they were to hear supernatural explans:
ons, DNA scientists would completely dishelieve
postulating instead that historical eases of
werewolf legendsare rather examples of mutant strains
of GLS running rampant in small, inbreeding popu
tions. In other words, everything has a rational expla-
ation with a firm grounding in science.

Mitoried Backyrovmd

DNA began around 20 years ago as a joint venture
etween two scientists, Dr. Mitchell Hovwak and Dr
Alan Kenchlow (see Project Twilight). Desperate to
find a cure for Kenchlow's ALS (commonly known as
Lou Gehrig's Disease), the two parlayed their consider
able fortunes and expertise into developing a genetic
research institute second to none. Bra

iches opened

Mutt See Neda

The following movies and television shows
should provide plenty of inspiration for Storytell-
ers. Some deal directly with the manipul
the gene pool, and the ensuing effects, while

jence gone awry.
Gatiaca; Wild Pats, 1 he Marx
Park (nove tha
ist and has more scientific double-t
reme Measures; Frecjack (well, sort of).

Jorma Jurassic
he book comes across less sensii-
Ik for you

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

A


acrossthe United Statesand Canada Though Kenchlow
eventually departed, on good rermsat first, the company
continued to thrive and do meritorious work.

Baur in 199?, everythin anged. A werewolf heoke
into one of the DNA facilities and against the odds, was
teally wounded and caprured. Howak be adman
when he sav the werewolf and began studying it. He
tossed aside research ethics, disregarded the advice of his

hontified former purtnerKenchlowand vowed todiscover
‘cure for what to his eyes was a terrible new disease.
Howak and his staff kept the werewolf alive for m
months, performing countless exper

on the speci
men and gathering daca on the Delirium, the effects of
silver and even the we of mirtors to step sideways. The
original test subject was eventually euthanized, but other
werewolfand Kinfolk capturesfollowed. Not only genet
cists, but also psychologists, anthropologists and wildlife
experts joined the staff. DNA gave a name tothe disc
genetic lycanthropic syndrome, or GLS, and their vol-
tune of information swell

Howak disappeared under strange circumstances
1 1997, but DNA continued their work under the
xpert direction of geneticist Dr. Rub vendlar. He
has moved the company's research agenda along
quickly, making plans to hopefully test curative gene
therapy for GLS as early as 2010.

PNA Coat and Flint

First and foremost, DNA staff members are inter
ested in the genetic heritage of GLS victims. Any con:
‘cems for ethics come second to this goal because they
believe the threat from the disease is too great to wait for
approval from any regulatory agencies. They accomplish
their research aims in two key ways: by direct field
observation and by exhaustive testing in the lab

Field observation is a trickier and riskier business
than lab work, as unexpected encounters with
Iways possible, but fieklwork also re
ique ant valuable information. DNA
starts the process by looking at statistically probable
geographic locations for GLS outbreaks. Canad, Ap:
palachia, tribal reservations and certain cultural en-
claves within large cities it the bill nicely (and strangely
enough, past evid

werewolves are
veals

we ha indeed turned up both vie
ILS in these locations), Mexico and
India are other trouble spots waiting to be investigated.
Occasionally, local legends, media and the rumor mill
also lead DNA to locations of GLS outbreaks.

‘Once a probable area is ta
head out. They establish themselves among locals (and
especially helpful when a researcher is from the area
cor has contacts there). Then, the researchers patiently
and painstakingly begin interviews, observations and
nalysis of data. If they find rease

timsand carriersofC

ted, field researchers

a ELT PERN SR

dence of GLS victims (w
they may requisit

ewolves, in other work),
n.a capture team skilled in working
with dangerous animals. re or completion of

ervation. the field researchers return to the la,
their findings and share it with others at DN/

Labwork with captured subjects of course has its

own set of risks. Usually, the staff heavily drugs and
restrains a werewolf so that they ean collect all types

ins. The scientists

alyze these samples, c

g them to those of previous test subjects and field
samples. Behavioral scientists also study the effects of

prolonged imprisonment on the psyche of the victim.
Eventually, all caprured test subjects are euthanized,

nd- knowledge they have
de the
goals for the future

ssociates have n

following strategic pla
Eliminate GLS
This is job one at DD
company funds
toward hit
best equipment and fundi

about half ofall
the money goes
the most qualified staff, purchasing the
g field and lah work. DNA

burns through quite a bit of money, most of which is
derived from ve

A, receiv
nd resources. Much:

by the directors' remarkable lobbying skills, but a goox!
portion of which stems from philanthropic backers k's
certain where Sendlar found people with x much
woney w spend on an obscure project thar isn't easily
explained to the public, and whatever the answer, it
‘would likely bebad newsto the werewolf that found out

Complete GLS Genome Mapping Project

About a fifth of DNA resources fund the mapping
of the genetic parterns of GLS victims. This isa long
term project, but one that is vital to finding a cute

Experiment

Curative Gene Therapy

Although juststarting wo comeof age, gene therapy
holds great promise. This is how DNA eventually
hopes to cure GLS; currently, about a tenth of their
funds go towards this aim.

Perfect Methyldclerian

The Delirium causes great difficulty in studying
GLS victims. To forestall this difficulty, DNA has
developed a synthetic drug called Methylieletian, It's
still risky and unpredictable to use, so DNA devotes
tenth of itsfundsto perfecting thissubstance for use by
lab personnel and field researchers.

Project Reaper

Even though DNA hopes to cure and climis
GLS in the near future, they've also got a contit
plan called Project Reaper. If tox

anny In
wolves become infected, the company will relea
carefully designed virus that will presumably kill

that carries the genetic eode for GLS. Thi

Chapter Four: The Adversavies 157

OL, ETD AS SOON


would of course be catastrophic for the Garou nation,
as it would destroy werewolves and Kinfolk alike:
What DNA Thinks They Know

Despite thetr fancy equipment and alphabet-sox
dlegtees; most of the scientists have lost a lo of their
creativity; they can make observations and pred

data, but in the process, they've sacrificed their leapsof
intuition, So, while DNA has uncovered a lot of

information about werewolves, they're also missing
ut on some important conclusions. What they have
learned includes the following

The breeds:

DNA has concluded that, against all scientific odds,
GLS affects humans and wolves in similar ways. They've
also pinpointed that the most afflicted victims of the
between GLS-
sswhoarealsosick). It's
hem why, knowing the results of such breed-
ing, that infected wolves and humans breed at alll

Werewolf fo

After seein the field and the k
the scientists have identified five "body contortion
patterns," the five formsof werewolves in other words.
They haven't yet discovered that metis are born in

disease, metis, result from "inbreeding

Crinos, though, nor have they postulated an explana:
tion for the variation in mass from form to for

The tribes:

Whilethey'venoted thar GLS occurs more promi
ently among certain cultural and ethnic groups
peoples), DNA has no clue about the differences
among the tribes, or even chat tribes exist

Kinfolk:

One € le for DNA is why carriers
GLS seem to consciously cluster around GLS victims,
even to the point of marriage and breeding. Unfortu
nately, they have managed to find a few uninformed
Kinfolk, and these carriers have unwittingly given
DNA a fair bit of informat

‘The Del

The Delirium was one of the first secrets DNA
Ulscovered; its effets were pretty obvious during the
first capture of a werewolf. The scientists have
souyht a means co counter the Delirium effects and
came up with Merhyldelertan, a synthetic drug, that
can forestall the hysteria for short periods of time. It's
now standard equipment at all DNA labs

Mirrors:

ring pus

‘They may nocunderstandit, but DNA knowsletting
captured werewolves near any reflective surface affords
their victimsachance to escape. The scientists have alot
of wild theories abour how this works. Admittedly, the

158

a

itists don't know that werewolves don't need reflec-
tive surfaces to escape, but the Gauntlet around the
age DNA lab is so dangerous that trying t0 step

sideways without one is a perilous, perilous proposition,
Silver:

one leap of intuition DNA man-
on. If, postulated the behavioral

scientists, the GI k they're werewolves,
then perhaps silver would do them grave injury. Lmay-
inethe reaction of the more traditional scientistswhen

ver bullets are now standard

thistheoryproved rue.
‘equipment at all labs.
Where DNA Hasn't a Clue:
Fornow, DNA knows nothing about the

tions
and cosmology of the Garou, nor would they parti
larly care. They also have no clue about the exist
other shapeshifters or hengeyokai. They haven't made
the connection that metis are sterile, ether
Feophe and Phaat io LNA

Atpresent, DNA has research facilities in numer
ouscities in the USand Canada, including Rochester,
Minnesota; the Research Triangle; Toronto; Atlanta;
Baltimore; Vancouver; Boulder; Palo Alto, California
ton, Vermont; Miami; Boston; and Dallas.
"They're inthe final stages of completing theit first labs
in Great Britain, in Oxford and Bangor, Wales. Story-
tellers should of eourse feel free to put new DNA Tabs
wherever most benefits their chronicles

All DNA labs have four key divisions: Manage
ment and Finance (MF), Rescarch and Development
(RD), Cyberbioechnology (CBT) and Security and
Investigation (SI). An executive director (ED) oversees
alllabs, though each one has its own site-based manage-
ment and more or less operates independently. The
present ED isa savvy geneticist named Ruben Sendlar,
who'shadl asuecessful tenure at the helm of DNA since
the disappearance of Howak. For more details on the
personnel of DNA, check out Book of the Weaver.

Whar does typical DNA lab look like? It's actu-
ally going to seem pretty in Iti-storied
building in some ubiquitous office park. In reality,
though, it's different picture. Firs of all, security will
betopnotch, both inside and out. Invaders ill se the
obvious mounted cameras; chances are they'll miss the
arefully hidden inside walls and fixtures. Most
adminiscrative and low-contamination labs are above
ground, with the real work taking place in extremely
secure bunkers underground. Armed security guards
patrol the ground: » and
éemengency stashes of silverbullets and Methyldelerian
are behind glass access panels in several locations on
every floor. Would-be attackers will facea tough battle

of ese facilities.

and building ac all ci

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ney


Another characteristic of the fabs is their state-of
the-art networked computers. Scientists share findings

and also socialize occasionally with their comrades in

other labs. Still, encoding is required for everything, and
ignorance it toleratadasan excuseforasecuritybreach,
Sraosbard Cgpeoment

DNA has a dazzling assortment of mostly legal

weapons and electronic recording equipment

available to scientists arxl field agen Aslongas
the proper personne! make the approvals, these items
are free tor the taking.

Drugs

With the proper requisition orders, DNA
can obtain several useful drugs. The first is,

Sample DNA Personne

These are

ested Traits for two types of
Mia trained in s«
rniques and one prepared to combat and capture
dangerousanimals. A template fora labscientisc is
so inclinled. Storytellers should feel free tomake
ages for more spec
Social Scientist
ates: Strength 2, Dexterity 2,Stamis
2, Manipulation 3
ception 4, Intelligence 3, Wi

Abilities: Alertness 1, Animal Ken 1, Com
puter 2, Drive 1, Empathy 2, Enigmas 1, Eriquette 1,
Expression 1, Firearms 1, Investigation 1, Medi-
cine 1, Melee 1, Occult 1, Sctence 4 (choose from
Psychology, Sociology or Anthropology),
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2, Survival 1

Willpower: 5

Combat Agent

Attributes:
Charisma 2, M:
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics
Computer 2, Drive 1, Dodge 2, Fis
dation 1, Investigation 1, Melee
Stealth 2, Streetwise 1, Survival 2
Willpower: 6
Lab Scientist
Attributes: Streneth

ial science tech-

ents,

red characters.

ppearance 2, Per-

, Medicine 1,

2, Stamina 2,
ance 2, Per-

2, Dexterity.

or Chemistry)
Willpower: 5

Chapter Four: The Adversavies

Qe ee res, reece

a ARLE PERL ER: =e

Methyldelerian, which can torestall the ettects of the
Delirium if taken in time; oral and injectable forms are
ailable. Forcapturing werewolves,
aan odorless, invisible gas that
ipo people, or Verin
ideally delivered by a dart. Neither drug completely
Knocks out a werewolf, but both make the Giroat loc
‘muscularcontroland mentalawareness. The victim takes
mulative -I rodice pools involving Wits and Dexter
ity for four turns. To fully resist the effects, a Willpower
point must be expended each tum. The two ch
intended t

entscanuseeither

ke the target so befuddled, he won't know
where to nun or even that he needs to get away

Combat Gear

bat agents regularly carry field kits that contain,
Methyldelerian, Verinal and Penacothrane. These kits
also suring tape, pens and pencils, data
sheets, spare doses of dni
bottles, sca

. syringes, tweeze
pels, lip tattooing punches and a
manuml. Additionally, agents carry dart guns
sonal fi

specimen.
ic DNA

a per
um. For all the good they do, Kevlar vests are
available, as are a limited number of CBT suits (see
information following). Some teamscarry asm eryokit
topreservetisuesamplesand subdermalmicrotransmitters
for use in tracking victims that escape

Basic

and interviews rather than capture carry personal

firearms (though these sometimes get left in

alove other than an autoinjector of

1 Kits ate pretty mundane, Stan

dard equipment includes audio and visual recorders, a

yotepaper, a cell phone, bino
illumination and computer programs that
qualitative and q

Recent Adeamat

rs with night
sist in the
data,

titative analysis

ars, Sendlarand hisstaff have become
winced than ever that elimination of GLS
depends on carly detection. To this end, they've
greatly increased what they call "outreach efforts," to
ppoint children and adolescents who show carly
symptoms of the disease. DNA has been lucky to find
a handful of children who have tested positive as
carriers, and just

couple of adolescents who seem to

be on the verge of developing GLS — lucky because
for whatever reasons, the werewolves had lost track of
ry few cubs and Kinfolk. DNA was thus able
te bring them in for study without much of a hassle
ill, if they keep loki
more knowledgeable

these v

g, they'll eventually run
ilies that won't let their kids
become lab rats. And then, the scientists will facea lot
of pissed-off werewolves out for blood.

<— }


|

ee AZ

‘Unusual Aptitudes

In. various roles, such as educational anthropologists
and school psychologists, DNA has placed skilled secial
scientists in schools around the country. They've concen
trated in particularon areas where GLS seems to be concen:
trated, The seial scientists are on the lookout for clasic
J teens who don't seem to fit in or
ndencies. They're also watching out for
sevin to have unusual abilities, such as possibly
hanced kevelsof stength and dexterity. The scientists wll
ike obwervationsand interview the students. f warranted,
they'll consulr with the parents and encourage further test-
ing. By these methods, DNA hopes to bring in more poten
tial GLS victims for study, believing the disease, like cancer,
may spread more quickly ina young person's boxy.

Going Native

Inafew select communities, DNA hasplanted theit
own equivalent of deep cover agents. These individuals
are highly trained, usually in anthropology or sociology,
and with some hypnosis and total immersion in a
particular culture, bend in almost perfectly. DNA sees
these agents as an extremely long-term project; they
Know it may take years before the
rust

nall communities
id incluck these individuals. But eventually, they
hope, GLS victims will slip and leave some sore of

evidence of their condition out in the open. At chat
point, the agents can ask for retrieval. ph in
Capture teams or other appropriate personnel. Sendiar

and his colleagues ate patient because they know that
jequisition of even one victim in the full-blown stages
of the disease will he well worth the painstakis

They've Got That Glow

Knowing chat pregnant women undergo a bevy of
prenatal testing (severalblood tests frequent urine testsand

‘on the fact that
various doctor's offices to private labs, most of which are
extremely overworked. DNA hasquietly stepped in tohelp
lighten the workload of these lab—and help themselves to
1 plethora of samples. In theory, all such samples are
immediately destroyed as biohazands after the tests are
complete. DNA, however, has kepe many of the samples

results hack tothe physicians thar ordered
the tests. Theyre currently secking toserve san outsource
Lab for amniocentesis and chorionic vill sampling as well
tests thar reveal the genetic makeup of feruses. Such a move
‘woul open upa whole new venue of data for the scientists.

Cyberelectrochemical Armor (CBT)

CBT ainmor is highly experimental, bur hoks great
promise. It works by inserting microthin needles into the
wearer's epidermis. The suit can thus send the boxy clectro-
chemical signals to inerease or decrease ackenaline and

after deliver

160

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

/asmian IY,

endorphins, suppress seritonin and even cause blood cloc-

ting. The sits nonetheless have rwo major drawbacks. Fine
of all, the lightweight batteries can only sustain power for
about 30 minutes. Second, the suits' monitorin devices
semetimes miseed information to the wearers brain, caus
ingeormplicationssuch asheartattacksand strokes. So while
it's nice to have enhanced strength and speed, sometimes
wearing the suits has a pricetag too high for mene agents

Syory Sredt

How to best use DNA in your chronicle is ulti
mately up to you, the Storyteller. Consider what ki

of players you have; if they like investigation,
fronting the dangers of conspiracy and superscience o
the occasional lab raid, they'll enjoy facing off against

DNA. Here are a few ideas to get you started on
bringing this organization into your games.

New Neighbors

Thisstory will rquitesomepatienceanda lialelong-
range planning on your pan, and itprobably works best for
werewolf packs that have regular contact with civic
tion. A new couple movesinto the neighborhood or small
town near where the pack resides. These are nice people,
two. They're friendly and helpful, and they work hard to
become sterling, members of the community. Over the
course of several games (and don't rush things), they
befriend a member of the pack. Everything is innocuous
andaboveboard the newcomers in no way are obsequious
coro. But of course all isnot as it seems. Months later,
they make their move; the couple are agents of DNA.
Perhaps one is an anthropologist, interested in studying
the culture of GLS victims. The other probably has more
‘combat training. In any case, they'd like €o capeure a
werewolf or Kinfolk and bring the unfortunate "patient
in for study. Altematively, they may just continue biding
theircime, slowly but effectively gathering more and more
information, allof which isrelayed back totheirhomelab,

Troubled Teen

The werewolf characters have kepeaneyeonapronpec-
tivenewrecruit,atecn close toher First Change. Infact, they
are getting ready to swoop down and take the younng one off
fortrainingandeventually,aRiteof Passage. Butsomeevent
—anaattack by Black Spiralsoran Umbral joumey, perhaps

cdclay their acquisition ofthe teen, By

realy tomaketheirmove,a DNA represe
sepped inasa supportive school counselor. He'swarned the
‘would-be werewolfabour herpotentialillnessandalsoabout
scrangers who may want to kidnapher. The teen consents ©
gethelpata DNA lab, so wast the pack rescue the
newhic, they've ako got rospend some considerable tune re-
educating her as to what's really going on,

Two of a Kind

DNA really hits the jackpot
both a!

hey manage to bring in
infolk and his Garou acter to perform a detailed


)

comparison study of theie genetic makeup. Ifthe Kinfolk is
uoknowing he maybe a milling patient; such action woul
not stand him in greae favor with
though the Kin is innocent of any intent
Even ifheisinthe know, and unwilling tohelp DNA,
still going co bea lesser priority to the werewolves than his
sister, afact he may not be happy about. This seed shoukd
raise a couple of moral dilemmas for the werewolf charac
ters revolving around the treatment and value of Kinfolk

Bait and Catch

Realizing thi

tims, for some unfathomable
reason, tend totray allyroups, DNA has
made claborate plans fora large-scale caprure. Past expe
rience has shown them thatthe werewolves tend to take
care of th DNA purposely capeures a
and does

The werewolf charactersareallset

tocome inand reseue the unfortunate prisoner, but what
they don't know is that DN, They've
clowsasunanry fala recucrsis posible,

dead if necessary. They'ee interested
yrthe group'scombat techniquesand how they
work together asa unit. Any samplesand data collected

Chapter Four: The Adversaries

CE A Fe RR

will he worth the costand potential fatalities ofpersonnel
order for any volunteers). Itshould be a nude
¢ for the pack to find out that they're expected.
The Tr:
This scenario sort of reverses the
story seed. Here, the DNA de agent has in
the local area probably longer than the werewolves have
She'san integral part of the community, and she's discov
ered lot of truths behind werewolf society. The problem
is thisagent ishav s about what
she'sdoing. Her reports back toherhome lab have slowed;
moreover, she may have falsified some information to
protect these she's spying on. In any case, the a
keep doing this forever. Eventually, DNA is going to get
saxpicious and come to collect her, with or without her

New Neighbors"

crious second the

permission; the agent'stime isrunning:
and tak

She necdshelp

andlconfides her predicament. What happ
the player characters. Do they gut her then and there? Or
do they try to help her, either providin,
helping her fake our her employers? To complicate things,
maketh
there are
rathe
some

agent have some use tothe werewolves; pe

se consequences if they kill her
an help her. iany case this seed sh
terestingroleplayingopportunities for

putright



Norns fo
Mitorseal Settinge
When did the first Garou walk the earth? Was she a

creation of Gaia? Was he
and men? Was the first werewolf a spirit c

theGar
only that th
ime, at Teast a

with that ancien heritage comes reals of pensbility

unities for role-play
Garou have been

ing in histori
forever. In every time, every place where pe
have werewolves. They've suffered through

1 disasters and witnessed all the

Werewolv
¢ directly the I
» call their

most tribes also have the ability te

of their ancestors, of at
» them to leam of

one eras. Ify nafull chronicle set
n have characters relive

Teame tomyself

twerewolve
live long Ii

s, retaining their

chronicleset in thi
main ch

the experienc
part of the 20
One of the

to approach th

setduri
the differences
understand jus

Perhaps
feel like doin

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

CET TEE, OES ST A EEE,

tslain in combat, car
wth for decades, A

cir early years through

163


|

like myths and fiction and youwant tobase your version
of the past on a favorite movie. There's nothing wrong
with that, just make sure that che players know ahead of
time that you're playing more loosely. That way no one
will getdistracted by pointingout that Cleopatracouldn't
have visited the Coliseum since it hadn't been built

Using variant histories ean be awesome amounts
of fun, What if D-Day never took place or Stalingrad
fell during World War If? What ifthe Confederacy had
won the Civil War? Or what ifthe British had won the
American Revolution? Maybe Carthage could build
npirespanning the known world instead of Rome?
Orpethaps Asian powers could havecolonized America
before the Europeans? Maybe the Shadow Lords took
over leadership of all werewolves?

Th nportant thingis that this is your game.
Asa Storyteller, youowe it to your troupe to make sure
thar they have fun, and you owe it to yourself to have
fun, Don't be afraid to explore the past and even
rework it in your own image. Have fun, explore the
possibilities and enjoy your game.
the sections that follow describe different
ther
chronicle. These are far from complete. They are meant
‘more to inspire than to educate. If you decide to use one
of these settings, a litele bit of research goes a long w
whether it's in Werewolf game books checking on the
Garou legenals or actual history texts detailing events.

Niyplse Timer

These are not so much pertods of time as mythical
ages known to werewolves. Asfaras when they happened
in relation to human historysnone can truly say. Human
prehistory ishundreds oftimesas Long as modem history.
Most of the time that our species has existed is lost to us
in forgotten ages. Perhaps civilization rose and fell many
times before the history thar we know started. However,
the Garou were there. Theit les

Ie's the Storyteller's privilege to place the any of
the mythic time settings during any historical era that
they find appropriate. Ifancient Egypt holds a strong
attraction for you, run the War of Rage with the
pharaohs and their monuments as a backdrop. Some
c enforced the Impergium into

most

I live on

Inthe beginning, the Umbra and the
one. Traveling between worlds was just set
our in an appropriate dire There Gaunt.
ler; spirits roamed freely over the face of the Earth.
Different tribes didn'cexist. Metis were extremely rare
The Litany onlyhalf-existed. All werewolves belonged

164

a

ee A ee

Humansalso lived in harmony with nature; it was too
«early for the Impergium to be even be necessary
During thistime, werewolves can liveamongtheit
nand wolf Kinfolk, helping them in the struggle
for survival. Great and terrible spirits roamed the
world freely, and werewolves fought against them,

protecting their Kin. A vast untouched wildemess
stretches out in all direct

vais for Gatun to explore

Ifyouuse the current theoriesabout our prehistory
is mythic time, there are many things for
werewolves to contend with. Saber-toothed cats, dire
wolves, giant boars, cave bears, and other large prel
toric mammals illed the we

‘humans faced them with spears, while wolves had only
their teeth and claws. The weather was much more
volatile. Climatic changes occurred that made the
American "dust how!" look minor. S merthan
the strongest hurricanesbattered the land. Great sheets
of ice flowed down from the Arctic. Life was harsh.
‘Other species of humans existed, including Nean
derthals who competed with the modern

ans
They may have had their own shapeshifting protec

tor Also, humans that feared the werewolves may
have had access to 1

wc or their own allied spirits
Powerful spirits roamed the carth in the First
Times. Some may have demanded worship as gods
‘Other shapeshifters may have challenged the C
protectors of nature. Omens of the sunde
Umbra from the material world haunted werewolves
during these days. Characters could even experience
the tracturing of the Garou nation and the forming of
the first tribes. Maybe they could have helped inad:
vertently start humans on the path to civilization.
The Impergim

The Impergium wasatime ofstrife and conflict for
the Garou. The tribes shattered apart. Humans had
gotten out of control. Ancient cities now grew up in
river valleys throughout the world. Werewolves stood
divided on enforcing the Impergium. Some
the Impergim co the letter, culling humans ¢
protect Gaia Others went too far, exterminating en
tire cultures, removing humans from history. A few
fought against the Impetgium, refusing to enforce the
rule. Another select few carefully used the Imperium
as an excuse to orab power for their Kinfolk

In many ways, this i the darkest time in Garou
history. The imprisoned Wyrm begins birthing inereas
ingly deranged offspring. Corruption lurks among the
nans. Ra deep in werewolves. Aa the culling
jinucs, humans turn to the powers af darkness to aid

them against the werewolves. They worship varnpitesis
aos, Dark Wyrm-spirits rec if

ve sacrifices. C

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Ty,


rises up in anger against humanity, bringing the Great
Flood, voleanie eruptions, and many other disasters.
Werewolf characters, especially homids, will have

many moral dil

0 face in an Impergium
chronicle. How do they deal with packs thar selec:
tively enforce the Impergium? What do they do when
other werewolves go too far, driving humans to sum-
mon dark powers? Can they bring themselves to slay
their own Kinfolk if necessary? Are the signs of
displeasure evident? For troupes that enjoy moral is
sues and troupes thar like continuous conflict, the
Impergium has plenty to offer.

Aneexact historical date has never been set for the

Impergium, only that it took place before humans began
building cities. In order to add a little more cultural
flavor, you might choose to extend the Impergium's life

into the birth of civ
increasingly ineffectiv
of ancient Egypt or Su

ion —thus you can set an
impergium against aac,
ia. Minoan civilization and
the legends of the Greek hero Theseus can easily be-
come stories of the Impergium, as the Minoans sterificc
tothe creature within the labyrinth. Biblical events and
histories can work as well forthe setting What
cities of Sodom and Gomorrah do to bring abou
destni

heir
n! AmbitiousSeorytellerscouldeven pit Garoa
against the legendary First City of the vampires as a
crossover, Ie would be han! beat a tine when vampire

are mighty, but no Leech has lived long enough to
become invincible and the Garouare young, but in great
rnunnbers, for the conflict to start the ancestral war,
The War of Rage

The Garou blamed the other Changing Breéds for
the Wyrm. The Gurahl strayed from Gaia because they
woke the dead. The Bastet fongot their roles as protec
topsandserved nly theirindividual whims. The Mokalé
took the very shapeof the W,
Rokea and the Ananasi was easy for any to sense. The
Rorkin skulked in the darkness, spreading filly and
disease. Even the Corax could not be trusted.

Mast accounts have it that werewolves started the
War of Rage with little provocation. They
every one of the other Changing Breeds. The others
retaliated in kind. Soon, events were out of contre
reason wats lost to all sides, and the War of Rage became
a struggle for survival. Characters could be werewolves
hunting down the other Changing Breeds during the
Warof Rage, They could abso take the role of defenders,
ng (o survive against an onslaught of attacks by
other shapeshifters. For troupes that like action, this
chronicle has the potential for great fight scenes.

Against the backdrop of the War of Rage, human-
ity gets more out of control. While a pack concems

ien nature ofthe

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

a Bastet, the Wyrm continues tocorrupt. As.
a Storyteller, you could set a chronicle where the
characters are trying to end the War of Rage and get
hack to fighting the Wyrm This could give them allies
and enemieson both sides. Many Garou are hardened
veteransof the Warof Rage; it'sall that they've known
in their lifetimes. They won't easily consider backing
dlown before their enemies. The other shapeshifters

have decades of hare, grief and rage to vent on the
werewolves. They won't trust their enemies easily
Meanwhile, Gaia suffers, the Wyrm corrupts, and the

We are tightly on the world,

Asa Storyteller, the War of Rage also,
opportunity to create new Gifts, fetishes,
specifically created for the War. So
fs from the spirit allies of their enemies.
ed tokill members of other Changing
Breeds could exist

Thissetting makes good flashback foran existing
chronicle. Modern Garou must still deal with the gu
and the sears left behind from the War of
many of the others, the War of Rage continues even
today. Spirits allied to the other shapeshifters have not
forgotten what the werewolvesdid. Itemsand weapons
reared by Garou to fight the War of Rage may still
‘exist. What ifsome of these fetishes fell into the hands
‘of hunters or Block Spiral Dancers? Ie' alse an oppor
tunity to show the war from the perspective of both
sides. The Garou were the worst offenders, to be sure,
bur in keeping with the World of Darkness' shades of
"gray, tc might be a good idea to show your players that
not all Fera were innocent victims. If your players
‘encounter other shapeshifters that actually w
ing their powers, then the context of the War of Rage
itself shifts slightly. Inscead of the Garou as mindless
aggressors, their mistake becomes at |
if not forgivable — making the War of Ra
more relevant and realistic story

The War of Rage makes a good backdrop to any
chronicle involving ancient Garou, Like many of the
mythic times of werewolf legend, the exact dates
aren't specified. The war would have started and
ended at different times in different lands. It's hard to
deny that Bastet and Mokolé battling werewolves
across the scaffolding of a pyramid under construction
in Egypt would be a wonderfully cinematic scene. A

fesyouan
nd talens,

age, For

y at Stonehenge
tshouldalso make
k about whether werewolves are all
ways the good guys: erswho
are convinced that werewolves are always the bad
guys, you can rattle their perceptions, too.

showdown during a druidic ceremc

1 if You have some phi



sters loomed before them. Tidal waves hit the Pacific
Northwest. Miles of ice covered much of the North.
Direwolvesand saber-toothed tigers hunted Columbian
mammothsand humans. Animal spirirerharhad never
dealt with Garou saw these newcomers as a threat.
Noone knows what happened to the people during
the centuries that immediately followed their crossing
ofthe Bering Se

1 They appear tohave beenexccllent
hunters, asthe megafauna, especially the lange predators
swiftly disappeared following the arrival of humans. The
Garou made peace with the spirits of the Pure Lands.
Over the yea
their Kinfolk, they lived in harmony with natu
still faced challe between tribes of Ki
and werewolves cl lives,
influence oversomeofthegreate:
in South forcing packs of werewolves
joumey south (© drive out the evil. Deadly Bastet
claimed chy outhern rainforest, slaying Garou
that would trespess in their domains
Chateal Woolf

The Ancient World spans Phoenicia, Greece,
Mycenae, Persia, and Kome. It was a time ot myths,
legends, and the creation of great civilizations. Ad-
vvancements in leamingand science occurred along with
the spread of humans and the destruction of the wilds
Both the Weaver and the Wyrm gained power during
thistime, as belies were tested and challengedand roads
and cities erupted throughout the Mediterranean.

Classical Greece

Athens, Sparta, Thebes and Corinth are just afew
of the Greek city-states. Athenian democracy and cul:
ture blossomed, while the Spartans took the military
state to anew level. Many stories and myths came out of
Classical Greek culture, The Had and the Odyssey are
probably themost famous, referringtoa timeofMycenaen
culture before the rise of Athens. The Amazon legend
surely arose from the influence of the Black Furies.
Storytellers havea wealth of mythic beasts from which
todrave (or tocorrupt;imagine,forinstance, the Harpies
asfomori!). Any good book on Greek mythology shoukd
provide material to last a full chronicle and then some
The Persian Wars also provide good background. The
Battleof Marathon and the Spartans holdingof the pass
ar Thermopylae come quickly to mind

ck

should

the werewolves opened caerns and like
They

ce is an area where Storytellers
npelled to limit the
eck city

selves. Much of

comes from

political agendas ws
There is far more

a LTE FEY

Alexander the Great

The son of Philip of Macedon, Alexander the
Great, may have been the greatest commander who
himself with excellent generals, andj
conquer the known world. Ales al the
city-statesand their colonies, Egypt, the entire Persi
Gaupine ainl pasts of lui. Aldhough be was & great
conqueror, he did not live long enou
rule, dying at the end of his conquests.

h 0 enjoy his

Alexander brought many cultures together
Werewolves following Alexander's armies would find
themselves on a whirlwind tour of the ancient world,
They could fight the Wyrm at every stop, take a day to.
appreciate the culture and move on. A pack coukl
discover lost caems in India or explore the tombs of long

cadpharaohsin Egypt. Conversely, the charactersmight
take up the role of locals whose Kin are being ialversely
affected by Alexander's conquest — perhaps leading toa
The real reason Alexander stopped at India" chronicle

Republican and Imperial Rome

Rome changed the world, uniting cultures around
the Mediven "at. The Roman Empire at tts height
reached from the Middle East to the British Isles and
hack down into Northern Africa, As the old adage
goes, Rome wasn't built in a day, The Roman workd
changed extensively over time

The early days of Rome are the subject of myth.
These were the times of the Roman kings. According to
legend, Romulus founded Rome in 753 BC along the
Tiber River, after slaying his twin Remus. A wolf, the
sacred animal of Mars, had raised the wins. In the Workl
of Da ow figures that could
easily 1d possibly a werewolf
Chi ve of Romulus and Re

ness, Romulus isone of d
igure for at least Kinfolk a
acters could be so

us! ware

Romulus' reign, the Romans
parleyed with the Sabines and then stole their wor
away. The Sabines came after the new Romans with a
vengeance, burthe women pleaded with theirfithers anal
brothers to make peace with theit new hushands, This is
‘onc of many legends about the carly days of Rom
After a set of temible kings, the Ron
hed the Republic. The Senate made up of members
the noble clas, or patricians, passed the Jaws th
govemed the city. | woelected otticials, consuls, sh
the duties of ruling che city, particularly ca
the armies. In. times of extreme crisis, the Senate
appointed a dictator who held absolute power. Dutt
this time, Rome expanded throughout Italy. The
fought the great Punic Wars with Carthage, which
ultimately fed to the destruction of that vampire:
controlledeity. Aftersalting the earth where Carthage

167


|

once stood, Roman legions conquered Greece and
expanded into the East. Leeches with great political
skills manipulated their way into positions of power,
bur they n held the influence over the Republic
that they had in Carthage. Chariot racing and gladt
atorial games were part of daily life, but noc at the level
of extravagance present during the Empire

‘The Roman Republic held a number
values, focused on hard work and d

Thete was, however a distinet difference
between the patricians, who were descendants of the
first families from the time of kings, anil the plebeians
who came from families of the conquered. This class
dif of many conflicts and riots in
thecity. As Rome expankle

citizens,

ence was the c

slaves taken from distant
ands entered society. People inthe outlying provinces
were nor given the rights of citizens of Rome unless
they did something t© earn them. Over t

Roman concept of the hard working cit
man-farmer ceased to exist.

DuringtheRepublic,ch
the dark influence of the Wyrm as corruption slowly
builds Disease followed alone the paths of Roman
conquest a5 well. The advancing Roman armies often
yeu sacred sites belonging to other cultures, or
remaxle chem in the image of Roman gods. What provee-
tions might they have costroyed? What angry epirite
wanted vengeance for the deaths of their people? How
many caemns did the Romans violate? Did Shadow Lords
enslave Black Fury Kinfolk in their conquests? Were

acter

Storytellers could easily run stories based around
the Punic War. According co Vampire: The Mas-
querade, Carthage was a city completely run by vam
pires. Werewolves sent to wipe this Leech-ridden
blight from the world could help either
in the Senate, on the battlefield

ns of secret

locations around the Mediterran

As armies grew larger and conquests greater, the
{all of the Republic became inevitable. Julius Caesar,
apopularand successful general and statesman, formed
a Triumvirate with Pompey, who was arguably the
sreatest of Rome's milirary leaders and Crassus, a man
whose personal income exceeded the rest of the Re-
public. The trio seized power and then fought each
came dictator for life

Although a

up of senators
assassinated Caesar, the stage was set for his nephew
A ame the first Emperor of Rome.

Emperors held absolute power in Rome. The Sen-
ate offered opposit

on, but ultimately, if the Emperor
hhad the support of the military he dictated events. The
Roman Empire wasaplace of hedonism, decadence and

168

eae ca A Pom PC

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ELS EE EET

suffering among the citizenry. While the government
Ic grand monuments to celebrate military triumphs,
people lived in firetrap high rise wooden apartments
called insulae. The elite gave out food as largess to
hhungry masses. Emperors threw greater and more ex-
nt games in order to keep the people distracted.
Maxiness and corruption plagued the Roman Em-
Many of the Emperors went incane, ordering
ies to be performed, sending armies to gather
seashells, and even believing that they were living
tions of Greek mythic h

med heirs, so

atroc

oes, Few Emperors
I war often broke out after the
erals across the Empire declared
ipetor. While the people living
they at least had their games.
provinces, rebellions occurred, especially
among the Celts. Fianna, Get of Fenris, and the White
Howlers all raised their claws against the Romans, Ie
wasduringa fateful bactle near Hedrian's Wall thatthe
Wyrm consumed the White Howlers, transforming
them into the Black Spiral Dancers,

Emperor died, as a
themselves the new
in Rome were repulse
In the

Christianity took root in the Roman Empire and
spread throughout the Westem world. During the
carly days of the Empire, the Romans persecuted
Christians, and accused them of baby sacrifice and fish,
worship. Finally, during a civil war, the general
Constantine converted to Christianity and won the
He made Christianity the state religion, He
med the city of Byzantium and divided the
empire into the Eastern and Westem Roman Empires.
Constantinople by Night, « product for Vampires
The Dark Ages, has copious source material that
could be converted for use in a Werewolf chronicle
Later Emperors persecuted non-Christians and de-
stroyed pagan sites. The Olympics in Greece ended
because they honored false gous.

The Roman Empire is fertile ground for Storytell-
ers, It was a city founded by a man raised by a wolf. The
Empire rose to greatness efore falling to infighting and
comuption. Just look at bigbudget Hollywood filmsover
the years. The tragedy of the White Howlers is easily
worthachronicle. The eruption of Mount Vesuviusand
destruction of Pompeii has been the subject of various
books, movies and even mini-series. Exploring the
Christian destruction of pagan sites, many of which
fora Werewolf

ind gladiatorial

thror

werecacrns, would heane
story. The
matches, of course,
chronicle. The barbarian invasions that ultimately de
stroyed the western Empire in 476 AD surely had
werewolves fighting alongside the invaders, Roman
polities featured assassinations, bribery, anaanged mar
riages, affairs, exiles nples of

ent suje

nesof Rome, chariot

e exciting material for any

nd all manner of


Oo i
ne particu

the late Em ¢ le ql
Medial Worl H
Toe Snguktibon
The rise af the Catholic Inquisition heralde
a difficult time for Eur The Inquisition hunte
ir
| quisition ll


a AA

whole village against a Kin tamily? Is the pack willing
co slaughter the town tos loved ones? And if
they do, what sort of things will come to investigate
such an overt display of supematural violence?

The Bak Plague

through Europe with a vengeance, the
horror known as the Black Plague killed a quarter of
Europe's population. Death filled the streets. People
cowered in fear, hiding in their homes, praying th
they wouldn't be the next victims. Superstition gain
control of the hearts and minds. A homid cub und
going her First Change during this time might well
believe that she was dying, These thoughts of doom
and death brought about a spiritual m

Werewolves may have had enough strength to
resist the plague, but notall oftheir Kinfolk did. Many
people looked fora cause, some secret sin that brought
about the horrorand death. Every time another vietim
fell to the Black Death, a potential b wos bom.
These misguided people would seek out anything that
they felt could be responsible. As so many died, the
undead feasted and the Wyrm's promises of safety in
exchange for servives diew many followers. Ban
flocked to the suffering, making the urban spiritscape

avery dangerous place for even werewolves.
Revaeaee

The Renaissance saw an ebb in the supers
the medieval world. The Church lost influence
Reformation spread across Europe, and E
lished its own Ch the divine right of kings.
Learning and inventions spread through the lan, espe
ly alter ee cre he Gutenberg printing press
wrsleige was no longer exclusively in the hands of the
Church. The Glass Walkers (then Warders) had the
largest stake in the advances of human civilization, obvi-
ously; in particular, they were active around their hexn
Jando aly during the height ofthe Italian Renaissance

hhwedo

For most werewolves, the most important event of
this period came in 1492, when Christopher C
bus arrived in the New World. According to some
stories, a member of his crew was a Bone Gnawer.
Many Garou already knew about the Pure Lands. The
Get of Fenris learned of it from Norse explorers centr
ries before Columbus. But, now word spread through
Ennope andall of the countries wished to:
out of this unexplored wildernes.

European werewolves flocked tothe New World in
the guise of furtiers, soldiers, and even missionarics.
They did notre. char chey also brought agents of the
Wyrm with them in the form of contagion and plague.
For the Croatan, Uktena and Wenaligo tribes, the start
of the European invasion marked their own apocalypse

lum:

reompires

170

a

The Age of Exploration

Disease spread into the Pure Lands faster tha
European invaders. As when the Black Plague dev
tated Europe, thousands died. Entivecultutes vanished
asdiseaseskilled and killed again. More Native
cans died from disease than from all the fighting with
Europeans combined

The Wyrm's onslaught against the Pure Lands was
utterly devastating to the werewolves that had pro-
tected the lands for millennia. Theurges summoned
spiritsto help cure the sick, while conquistadors looted
the Aztec and Incan Empires for their gold. The worst
was yet £0 come.

The Eater-of-Souls, avatar of the Wyrm, came to
the Pure Lands. For the werewolves of the Americas,
the end was nigh. Disease had slain their kinfolk and
thinned their ranks. They could not rend their caems
nor mount a defense against the coming waves of
invaders. They could not stop the Eater-of Souls, at

any

least not without a terrible price.

The Croatan tribe paid that price. In a rieual that
destroyed the Eat ouls, the Croatan sacrificed
their enuire tribe. Ina moment, an entire tbe of
werewolves died. Spiritual shockwaves tore across the
Umbra. Th Russia clawed their eyes out in
madness. For the Uktena and the Wendigo, the loss of
their brothers and sisters was like the end of the world
Many members of the surviving tribes slipped quietly
into mourning, then Har

When the werewolves of Europe arrived along
with human colonists, they found the Croatan caerns
abandoned. The Get of Fentis zealously seized control
of many of these sacred sites in order to protect them,
since the weak Uktcr
know who cofight che Wyrm. Other
feelings about the tribes of the Pure
part, the Wendigo and Ukt

rageinth

ges

nd Wendigo obviously didn't
bes h

(The supplement Croatan Song contains much more
information on pre-Colombian North America.)

While this was going on, werewolves renewed
some acquaintances from the War of Rage around the
work. The European powers wished to claim the
wwork!,and they would spend the nextcentury doingso.
Wherever they went, the Garou went with them,

The Rise of Reaton

As time passed, intelle:
nobility and the rights of the individual. The French
Revolut uming point in the history of
ope, as the common people rose up against the

Is began to question

om was a maj

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

onion </


a AA

whole village against a Kin tamily? Is the pack willing
co slaughter the town tos loved ones? And if
they do, what sort of things will come to investigate
such an overt display of supematural violence?

The Bak Plague

through Europe with a vengeance, the
horror known as the Black Plague killed a quarter of
Europe's population. Death filled the streets. People
cowered in fear, hiding in their homes, praying th
they wouldn't be the next victims. Superstition gain
control of the hearts and minds. A homid cub und
going her First Change during this time might well
believe that she was dying, These thoughts of doom
and death brought about a spiritual m

Werewolves may have had enough strength to
resist the plague, but notall oftheir Kinfolk did. Many
people looked fora cause, some secret sin that brought
about the horrorand death. Every time another vietim
fell to the Black Death, a potential b wos bom.
These misguided people would seek out anything that
they felt could be responsible. As so many died, the
undead feasted and the Wyrm's promises of safety in
exchange for servives diew many followers. Ban
flocked to the suffering, making the urban spiritscape

avery dangerous place for even werewolves.
Revaeaee

The Renaissance saw an ebb in the supers
the medieval world. The Church lost influence
Reformation spread across Europe, and E
lished its own Ch the divine right of kings.
Learning and inventions spread through the lan, espe
ly alter ee cre he Gutenberg printing press
wrsleige was no longer exclusively in the hands of the
Church. The Glass Walkers (then Warders) had the
largest stake in the advances of human civilization, obvi-
ously; in particular, they were active around their hexn
Jando aly during the height ofthe Italian Renaissance

hhwedo

For most werewolves, the most important event of
this period came in 1492, when Christopher C
bus arrived in the New World. According to some
stories, a member of his crew was a Bone Gnawer.
Many Garou already knew about the Pure Lands. The
Get of Fenris learned of it from Norse explorers centr
ries before Columbus. But, now word spread through
Ennope andall of the countries wished to:
out of this unexplored wildernes.

European werewolves flocked tothe New World in
the guise of furtiers, soldiers, and even missionarics.
They did notre. char chey also brought agents of the
Wyrm with them in the form of contagion and plague.
For the Croatan, Uktena and Wenaligo tribes, the start
of the European invasion marked their own apocalypse

lum:

reompires

170

a

The Age of Exploration

Disease spread into the Pure Lands faster tha
European invaders. As when the Black Plague dev
tated Europe, thousands died. Entivecultutes vanished
asdiseaseskilled and killed again. More Native
cans died from disease than from all the fighting with
Europeans combined

The Wyrm's onslaught against the Pure Lands was
utterly devastating to the werewolves that had pro-
tected the lands for millennia. Theurges summoned
spiritsto help cure the sick, while conquistadors looted
the Aztec and Incan Empires for their gold. The worst
was yet £0 come.

The Eater-of-Souls, avatar of the Wyrm, came to
the Pure Lands. For the werewolves of the Americas,
the end was nigh. Disease had slain their kinfolk and
thinned their ranks. They could not rend their caems
nor mount a defense against the coming waves of
invaders. They could not stop the Eater-of Souls, at

any

least not without a terrible price.

The Croatan tribe paid that price. In a rieual that
destroyed the Eat ouls, the Croatan sacrificed
their enuire tribe. Ina moment, an entire tbe of
werewolves died. Spiritual shockwaves tore across the
Umbra. Th Russia clawed their eyes out in
madness. For the Uktena and the Wendigo, the loss of
their brothers and sisters was like the end of the world
Many members of the surviving tribes slipped quietly
into mourning, then Har

When the werewolves of Europe arrived along
with human colonists, they found the Croatan caerns
abandoned. The Get of Fentis zealously seized control
of many of these sacred sites in order to protect them,
since the weak Uktcr
know who cofight che Wyrm. Other
feelings about the tribes of the Pure
part, the Wendigo and Ukt

rageinth

ges

nd Wendigo obviously didn't
bes h

(The supplement Croatan Song contains much more
information on pre-Colombian North America.)

While this was going on, werewolves renewed
some acquaintances from the War of Rage around the
work. The European powers wished to claim the
wwork!,and they would spend the nextcentury doingso.
Wherever they went, the Garou went with them,

The Rise of Reaton

As time passed, intelle:
nobility and the rights of the individual. The French
Revolut uming point in the history of
ope, as the common people rose up against the

Is began to question

om was a maj

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

onion </


Children of Gaia and
for this), the Pure One

Js enough for
spirit, the
we when it de

ning ablasphe

J the Uktena


eran rises Grameen enere.iet ord orn ree aren

encroachment of European settlers and other
werewolves. All the while they needed helptostop the
Storm Eater, which was powerful
the entite Penumbra of # an West into a
storm of its own creation. The desire to stop the Storm
Eater won out in the end

wh co remold

Am

The struggle to win the West was one of epic propor:
ious, Mix all the regular trappings of the West, outlaws,
gamblers, gunfighters, and a horde of Storm Umbra
twisted m ies and you've got a lor of material for
a chronicle. Werewolf: Wild West covers this period in
adetail and provides a good basis for adapting
period! to Werewolf: The Apocalypse.

ulicthrial Rewofopion

The Industrial Revolution promised empowerment
for the people. A common person could become rich.
Industry would Iead co lives of luxury and plenty for
‘everyone as prxluction increased. But the empowerment
of the people came at the expense of the rest of the world.

The Industrial Revolution saw the destruction of
forests, Ir brought terrible pollution, Workers became
slaves to their companies, working long hours in dan.
gerous conditions for little pay. Advances in technol-
ogy came with the Industrial Revolution, but only
alter people paid a high spiritual cost

Wer the
enyitonment. By destroying forests and polluting water
and ait, the Industrial Revolution was slaying spirits.
Most werewolves did not know what to do, other than
n che hopes of

y time

volves had never experienced attacks «

hurting them
de

n. The spirit essence of the workers was dipping
away. The Wyrm's minions ed power from the
suffering and despair, finding their way into the souls of
humans, creating fomori in numbers never before scen.

In many ways, the Industrial Revolution was the
major turning point in the Garou's struggle. The
‘Weaver's power surged to new levels, making raids
into the citiesall the more dangerous. The Wyrm, too,
grew fat and powerful. A chronicle set in this time
period could focus on how the work! changes fo
the fist true sign of the Apocalypse.

The Tiewtieth Cortory

The last century saw a technological boom coupled
with a population explosion across the world. Many
werewolves feel thar the Apocalypse is here and now
Wiklemess is disappearing at an alarming rate. Tech-
nology has brought consumption and waste, destroying

portent of things to come. Humans now have weapons
of destruction that put them nearly on par with the
rou. Mester firearms can bring down any animal.

‘ar war could destroy the world with a touch of a

button. Turmoil wracks werewolf society, because obvi-
‘ously, somewhere, something has gone terribly wrong
Norld Warf

The innovations and inventions of the late 19th
century continued in the early years of the 20th cen-
tury. The world became a smaller place. Colonialism
continued asempiresclashed, evidenced by suchevents
astheSpanish-Ai arand the Russo-Japanese
War. Travel made the world smaller. The telephone,
the automobile, and the airplane all found widespread
usage during these years. In many ways, it was a time of
optimism and nationalism:

Noone was truly prepared for what would happen
when a Serbian assassin killed the Archduke of Aus
twia- Hungary. The Fi orld sed the world.
Moxiern technology changed the w: fe
wars. For the first time, weapons of mass dest
saw action on the battlefields. Mustard
oxic poisons killed noc only enemy soldiers, bur also
everything that lived. Strategists invented trench
warfare creating inhospitable no man's Lands between
the trenches. Land minessaw their first use, remaining
deadly testimonials to military innovation long after
the fighting ceased. Mechanized vehicles, the
tanks, rumbled onto the battlefields. Death flew in the
skiesasbiplanes dueled each other foraerial supremacy
and spied out enemy positions. The Garou saw the
power of the Industrial Revolution in terms of raw
carnage for the first time. The Wyrm grew stronger in
Europe. forcing the Garou to desperate

Werewolves fought on all sides during World War
1. Some fought for their nation. Others fought to
protect their homes. A few Garou even tried cokill as
many soldiers on both sides as possible in the hopes of
alleviating the suffering. The Communist Revolution
in Rusia tore the attentions of the Silver Fangs away
from the other tribes. As n archies ended across
Europe, many werewolves found themselves wihout
the leadership of the Fangs, Most septs chose to cel-
cbrate their independence.

World War [ako brought back the specter of
lobal disease. An epidemic of influenza killed the
young and healthy in the United States and retumed
some of the fears forgotten since the time of the Black
Plague. When American troops reached Europe, they
brought the flu with them. No one, soldier or civilian,
was safe from the plague which continued to kill even
after the warring nations made their peace

Reuring Tiventiee

The end of World War I brought an economic
boom to the United States. Women gained the right to
vote, a triumph rightly celebrated by the Black Furies.

om

ws and ocher

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

eee


fora chronicle set in the war. Hitler isolated England

and rained terror and death down upon its citizens.
Fascist governments ruled with an iron fist
Stalin ground the bodies of Russian soldiers under the

wheels of the German blitzkrieg in the hopes of slow-
ing it down. These madmen took mass slaughter and
raised it upa noteh to genocide. May noone ever have
ything like the concentration campe
n. Africa was in flames as the Axis fought the
Allies. Japan ran over the rest of Asia. The United
remained caught up in isolationism until a
Pearl Harbor destroyed the
cennire Pacific fleet. No one knew how the war would
end, and the Axis could have won,

‘The Garou fought against both sides early in the
war, butas time went on, most of them realized that the
Axis powers were Gaia's true enemies. The Get of
Fenrisbecame instrumental in sabotaging theN:
machine. Werewolves were in the South Pacific
with the troops, battling spirits of war woken in the
jungles along with Japanese shapeshifters. The Wyrm
never stopped fighting its war against Gaia during the
struggle. Just when Allied victory seemed inevitable,
the Wynmn achieved its greatest criumph as well in an
neat Los Alamos, New Mexico.

Japanese sneak artac!

The atom bomb gave humans unimaginable destruc
lear
attack. Evenafterthe United Staresdestroyed Hiroshi
the Japanese government hal difficulty believi
hhad occurred. They thoughe that whateverhad happened
couldn't possibly happen ogain. Nagasaki cus

them thar peace was the only option, Althou
Japanese surreruler spared thousands of lives from the
horrors that would have followed an invasion of J
Pandora's box was open. No one, anywhere in the workd,
would ever be completely safe

The Cold Nar

After World War IL, old allies quickly became
rivals, The ewosuperpowers, the Soviet Union and the
United States, bey

rivepower Hiroshima was the firtcity to suffer:

what

Co carve the world up into com:
ul democratic states. Once both nations had
‘nuclear weapons, the threat of nuclear war loomed
over every living being. Gai

a's defenders were now
absolutely helpless to stop the end of the world if the
leaders of the two superpowers decided to go to war.

le was.a time of distrust and fear, carefully hidden
away behind censors who believed that they were pro
tectiny morality. During the heyday of McCanhyisin,
neighbor informed on neighbor. For werewolves. unex:
plained disappearancesor voicing any anti-government
sentiment meant visitsfrom federal agents. Garoustarted
to infiltrate some government agencies, but these at
tempts did not always go well.

174

i —_

ee

The economy hoomed, but minorities were left
cout of the bounty. Civil rg
many places, especially the
weren't treated as tn
bur equal, was the policy. Ir would take a great deal of
courage, bloodshed, and resolve over the next wo
decades to change this.

A laige teenage population swelled the schools as
the post-war Baby Boomers grew up. They discovered a
new type of music, rock and roll, which horrified their
parents with itssugeestive lyrics and hip-swaying mus:
This rebellious form of music may have helped
prime the Baby Boomersforthe years of protest tocome

The Cold War reached a cresc
Cuban Missile Crisis. The United States Navy moved
to intercept Soviet transportscarrying nuclear missiles
toa base in Cuba. For days, the world teetered on the
brink of nuclear war. Threats flew between the two
superponeers. People huddled in bomb shelters hoping
to wait our the attack. Cartoons taught children to
suck and hide under blankets incase of nuclear attack
Aftera number of tension-filled days, the Soviet ships

s aclvances began, but in
oath, Africa

the fear
fed more power to the Wyrm.
For decades to come, people around the world would
carry the fear of global destruction with them.

The Viewxsan War began as one of America's at-
tempts to stop the spread of communism. The longest
and mest intense jungle fightingever known took place
as American soldiers tried to protect South Vietnam
from the North Vietnamese army and the Viet Cong.
From all accounts, veterans of the Vietnam War lived
tension filled days and slept with nightmares. They
fought an enemy chat would never give up, dying t0
claim hillsourin the middleofa trackless jungle. Unlike
Mi War fl, many soldiers did not understand this

They did not know why they fought. A few
‘werewolves found their way to Vietnam. They fought
‘against the war-spirits and Banes that fed on the suffer
ing, bur they could not find a way to end the war

PretApoalypse
rZ ic Coipine

Werewolvesare obsessed with the Apocalypse. The
fanaticsamong them believe that it'scoming, and these
ae the final days. it has already
happened. What does a post-Apocalyptic world look
like? Whatdo the Garou do once they've failed
Apocalypse setting allows you to explore several th
with a different perspective t
dard game of the End Times. Post-Apocalypse
cures

generated by the thr

in you would in a st:
dh

be as simple as onreasts tyi

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

tenon </2


hostile world. Young werewolves could be see
demption for all of Garou society, constantly try
make up for their ance
Apocalypse. Perhaps the Stary
Apocalypse is just anoth

Changing the setting from the standard World of
Darkness presents the Storyteller with both opportuni-
challenges. You now have the chance to cruly
your world — it can be wha
ito be. You can change the rules without worrying
about a player complaining "but it sayson page 68 that
ie will work if rll 4 successe
especially f the group is made up of veteran Werewolf
players, can help encourage roleplaying and give a new
perspective on Garou society. It keeps the players on
their toes and gives them' new areas to explore. That
does ead, however, to thechallenges. Notall playersare
willingto let youpry thetulebooks from theirprotesting
fingers. Some players may feel confused or uncomfort-
able. A good idea forany game, but especially one where
youplan torweak the rules istowam your playersaheaal
of time that not all will be as they expect.

The World of Darkness isa comforeable setting for
many players —similar enough 10 the teal woeld for
them to be able to relate to it without too much trouble.
That familiacity is part-of what lends Werewolf its
horror value. Players sucklenly have the themes and
morality of Werewolf confronting their perceptions of
the real workl. As a result, changing che setting ean
cause the plausibility of your game co suffer. Most
alternate settings work best when the players can still
relate to something — human emotions, a particular
place, oranythingele that lets the playersconnect with
theircharacters. Ofcourse, every rule has its exception,
and itis perfcctly possible to create an altemate setting
thatwillcompletelydisorientthe players Just makesure
yousire prepared co deal with the consequences:

Ifyou need some inspiration, watch # few of your
favorite apocalyptic movies, or read a few books. Pay
special attention to the messages

ever you want

anging the setting,

they often center
oon survival, redemption, and rebirth, all of which are
great themes for Werewolf. Below are some ideas for
post-Apocalypse campaigns, and other variant set
tings, Use them as the begin

gs of your own stories,
or as visions of the future for standard settings.

1 the End of the Worf ut Me Kiron ft

Ie's the Big One. So

yeone punched the b
button, and mushroom clouds sprouted throughout the
known world. The remaining Garou, instead of being

ced to save Gaia, disintegrate further into warring
factions. Some blame the madness of the Wyrm, others
the Weaver's out-of-control technology. Skepticsblame
human folly, claiming that humans were trying to kill

ar mrELer eR PV ENN me

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

Qe an rs, re rere are

humans, and good riddance. A few packs tum on theit
fellow werewolves, blaming everyone else for what has
happened. The typical post-nuclear war setting pro
vides opportunities for the characters to see the effocts
of war gone mad. A variation of the end-of-the-world
scenario allows the Wyld to seek its vengeance —
instead of nu steroid or othercelestial body
hits Farth (pechaps directed by Rong, the Planetary
Incama of the asteroid belt)

Aworldin which many (if not all) existing eacms
have been destroyed, and theit sepe members killed,
provides an excellent opportunity for the Storyteller
tobring together many diverse Garou. Ellers and pups
of all different tribes may gather together and either
work together, or fi
great reason fora multi-tribe as whatever young,
are available find themselves thrown together. The
pack can then roam the world, battling the forces of
the Wyrm. Eventually, they may be able to discover
thetruth behind how thenuclear Armageddon started,
and learn some ways to rescue

amongst themselves. This is a

m destruction.
ng realistic, or go

find strange mutants

iction "rwisted wasteland."

roaming the cath, twisted creatures that
were once werewolves. They could hav
the cffscts of nuclear winter and a terrifyi
Imagine forestsof wilted trees or coastlinesswepr clean
of human structures by giant tsunamis:

Strange cults of survivorsform, banding together
fos survival: These survivor will generally be scaven-
gets and opportunists. Cannibalism wouldn't be un.
heard of ina world with little food. The survivors will
gatherweapons.and turn them onanythingoutside the
group. Insane survivorsare easy prey forthe Wyrm. just
think about escapees from a Mad Max movie and give
them some Wyrm aint

10 deal with
g climate.

Not everyone who survives is a whacked-out pani
noid psycho. More pacifistic survivors may try to unite
ze. Some may seck out the spirit world.
Others may welcome the chance to build a new and
bettersociety. They would bedetermined not to
the mistakes of the past

Naturally, in such an environment; the spirit world
will have suffered just as much as the physical world, if
not more so. The background radis wens the
‘Gauntlet, cutting the Garou off from the Umbraexcept
at the most powerful caems. More Blights form in the
Penumbes, making it far easier for Banes to enter the
physical work. Hellholes form on earth where Nexus
Crawlers lure wanderers desper:
Damaged spitits of Gaia nampa
bya secking self-destruction after

for any sign of hope

i the horror

175


|

a

a AA

of nuclear war. Many of them lash out at anything in
their final dying agonies. Tragically, the werewolves
have to fight and slay spirits that were once their allies,
but now are too far gone to save

The Weaver's web has collapsed. Pattern spiders
work desperately to fix the structure. Many have
become Wyrm-tainted and savagely attack their erys-
talline counterparts. The Wyem could even break free,
heralding a time of hell on earth,

You could also run

nuclear apocalypse chronicle
is a single setting. Maybe everyone's safe in a shelter
that no one can leave without fear of exposing the

munity to dangerous fallout. A chronicle focusing
oon the development of player and Storyteller charac-
ters, Garou and human, who have to survive together
in an isolated space would challenge roleplayers. How
‘can a lupus keep herself out of Harano, when she
knows that in all likelihood every wolf on Earth is
dead? A number of isolated shelters could exist with a
few cables connecting each other. After a few weeks,
want to try to venture out. What happens
asfoodsupplies run out! fthe werewolves lose control,
what will the community do about them?

As Storyteller, you may want to modify the skills
able, depen

agroup mi

on how long after the bombs fall
you set your story. In the immediate aftermath of the
Apocalypse, the
modem skills, and would have to learn whatever new
‘ones they needed to survive in their new world. A
generation or two later the characters would have had
hood. New flora and arise in the aftermath.
Spirits that survived may have new Gifts to teach in
order to help the werewolves survive a hostile planet.
A lost world awaits discovery and rebuilding.

Sieot Spring

The world's poy

would obviously haveall of the

tion has been devastated by an
unknown, fast-mutating disease. Very few humans sur
vived contact with i, but the Garou and their Kinfolk
seem remarkably resistant. Were
uncontested ability to dominat

olves have a neatly
the planet. They no
longer need to worry about the Veil, as most of those
remaining are their Kin. The Garou have lost their
natural leaders, asthe Silver Fangsaloneseemed vulner
able to the disease. Even more disturbingly, the Bone
Gnawers and the metis proved to be the most resistant,
sutfering very few losses of either Garou ot Kinfolk
While the Garou fight fordominance, the forcesofthe
‘Wyrm have grown much stronger. The disease was their
ally (pethaps even their doing), and they were prepared for
itseffects. The Leeches who once ruled the cities find that
they now have only one good source of blood —the Garoat

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

LLL LT LOT EE EIT

Kin. The Garou must try to defend their Kin from the
depredationsofthe Leeches, whoarenow fightingamongst
themselves for the few hurwan "catle" that remain. Many
of them also want to protect che few humans who remain,
over the protests of the Red Talons and others that are
happy to sce humanity destroyed

Such a scenario prese

an excellent opportunity
totum players' views of ‘upside down, The
Bone Gnawers and the metis can take leadership roles
never before available to them. This opportunity would
likely bring about sweeping changes in Garou society
How likely are metis leaders going to be to enforce the
section of the Litany that prohibits Garou from mating?
‘The Bone Gnawers could be of split opinions. Some of
them will wane to do away with status entirely, while
others want to lord their new status over the rest of the
Garou, as had been done to them for so long
This isa seteing that has a lot of potential co upset
players, especially veteran players who think they know
how Garou society is supposed to work. Unless you just
like unhappy players, make sure that they don't go inte
me with plans to make Ahroun who
will one day rule the world strength af his
birthright. On the other hand, if they wish to play the
last of the Silver Fangs, trying 10 retain nobility and
honor, it would provide a great roleplaying challenge
Another possibility is that the disease hi
sswork. Maybe it's mutatingand slowly killing off
select werewolves. The char-
acters could have to determine the source of the plague
wl furl a Cure. Scenes of characters walking through
quict cities littered with compses would be very ceri
Foradifferent variant, the disease could kill of all
the wolves instead of the humans. Can the characters
finda way to preserve the few remaining wolves? What
happens if the Garou lose all of their wolf blocs?
Drath of the Splott
‘The Umbra has been fully sundered from the mate-
rial world, People everywhere have lost theit spirit
their passion. no produces 1
laughter, or joy. Humans have become capable of litde
more than despair and hopelessness. Though more
resilient, the Garouhave beenaffectedalso, andinsome
ways even more greatly. The Garou can no longer
connect with the Umbra, nordo they have contact with
the spirits. The influence of the spirit no longer tempers
the werewolves'Rage,and many have rampagedthrough
the throngsof human sheep that now occupy the world.
The Theurses and Philodox have suffered groarly, and
many have succumbed to Harano.
In the eyes of the Garou, the world has become a
lifeless place. Colors have faded to a dull, dusty pallor.


The air has

weight in


might be finally forced to recogr that no one tribe
can bring Gaia back into balance alone. The Wyld is
an indiseriminste killer, and shows no merey te
mals or/humans. This ives you a chance to, put
members of all the tribes together peacefully, united
fora common purpose. A variant of thissetting would
illow you to have your player charactets be tribeless,
pethaps Gaia's plan to recreate the One Tribe.

This type of natural disaster lets he Storyteller
literally rework geography. If you like the idea of the
flame from the Statue of Liberty just breaking the
surfaceofthe Atlantic Ocean, goforit. Want to turn all
of Flondainto the Everglades! I'syour world. Sea levels
could drop, revealing ancient ruins long forgotten,
porsiblyreleasing imprisoned evils fromthe distant past.
Maybe the secret to stabilizing the weatherand appeas-
ing the Wyld les hidden somewhere in the world,

Perhaps nothing can be done to stop the
Werewolves and humans must lear to adapt
may create a sanctuary —a place like Summer Coun-
try on Earth, which the Garou have to find, The
werewolves not only have to get themselves to this
hidden sanctuary bur their Kinfolk as well

Ns / ho Lorget fhe Feith.

Werewolveshavebeen born, lived, and died inthe
post-Apocalypse world for many generations. Only
stories remain of the | ime Betore, and those tew have
taken on the character of myths. Surely, a world like
dark,
devastated place. The characters should be well pre:
pared fora harsh life, with suffering in the pase and the
prospect of more suffering for the future. Attacks by
‘Wyrm-creatures, Black Spiral Dancets, and r
Garou occur with depressing frequency.
Amilst all of this pain, oné pack of young Garou
finds a spirit gace thar will et them journey to the past
sand possibly stop the Apocalypse. Of the many prob-
lems this raises, one of the first is that none of them
knows whar they wouk! have to fix. How did the
Apocalypse start in the first place? While they
thar the gate will take them to the proper time and
place, they do nor know what they need to look for
donee they get there. According to the myths, che
werewolves of the time were great heroes who diel
trying to defend Gaia, They failed, so how could this
young pack hope to succeed? And yet, it would be
‘worse for them to have a eb

that could never have existed in this bleak,

reysade

and not even try.

ampaign where ifthe
young werewolvessucceed in changingthe past, theymay
cease to exist. Heroes of the past could be the ones that
they have to stop. Maybe they need to aid the minions of
the Wyrm in their efforts to wreak havoc tobreak aseries
of events that leads to Armageddon. Other possibilities

178

a

ne

Thisscenario suggests an epic

ee el

include a second pack being sent from the future t stop
them. Does the spint gate work inteverse? What happens
if Black Spirals take over the future? Depending on yout
troupe, anasty sequel to this type of chronicle might be a
requrn ripwhen theactionsthat the Garou takeonly lead
toa less destroyed but darker furure.

Asan important note with this type of scenario,

apped up in causality. If you allow
questions like "well, if we fix it, we won't exist so we
wouldn't have gone backso we wouldn't have fixed it"
to be commonplace in your chronicle, you'll only end
up with a bunch of frustrated players. It's a time travel
chronicle — it's not meant to be realistic! One option
is co create a spirit guardian of the gate that explains
that if the pack changes the past, the changes will be
permanent, even if the timeline is changed. End of
and everyone goes hack to worrying about
cad of trying to wrap theit heads around
the space-time continuum,

Victory!

The Wyrm has been healed — or even destroyed!
The werewolves have survived the Final Days! Gaia's
defenders did it. So, now what? What happens after the
‘Wyrm is defeated? Without the constant threat of the
Wynn, do thetribesturnoneach other? Does Gaianced
the Garowatall? They always focused their rage against
the Wyrm and its: minions, Without the destructive
power of the Wyrm, the Garou slowly lose their rage
Inter-tribal warfare rears its ugly head as the different
tuibes try to dominate in this time after the Wyrm.

For deep roleplaying, werewolves could sovly lose
their ability to change forms. They have tochoase which
formtostay in, becauselikea child makingsilly faces, they
could freeze that way. The Comipter Wyrm maybe gone,
hur nocall of its human servants, Evil sll exists in the
world. For example, vampires are not necessarily Wyrm
creatures Can werewolvesstill protecttheireaernsorlive
theirlivesifGaiano longer needs them! Does the Weaver
become the big enemy? Glass Walkers may find them:
selves in a very bad light with the other tribes.

And if the Wyrm was actually destroyed — not
healed, hut wiped ftom the universe — what then?
Without a force of Balance ar all, the universe might
quickly become unraveled as the Weaver and Wyld
fight for dominance with nothing to keep them in
check. Can something else be restored to the position

Balancer? Could the Garou themselves be the ones
to find a way to replace the Wyrm?

WMilrewe fo fe Apocelopse
The Eye ofthe Wyrm is fully open; the time has come

for the Final Batcle, Werewolves must try to summon the
spirits of cheir ancestors and gird themselves for war.

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ite


Nothing must be held back, because the Wymmn's agents
ue-coming in force. This chronicletakes place in the last
of the Final Days. The final signs eome to pass on Earth
and in the Umbra signaling the end of the world

"This isan ambitious setting filled with high drama
Werewolf characters in this chronicle
might be far more powerful thar a starting characte
generared using the rules presented in Chapter Ons
they might be foorsoldiers in the Final Bartle. Don't pull
any punches:thisisthebigone,theend Asenseofurgency
stiould surround the characters' every action. The Black
Spiral Dancers, fomori, an che like should have a siilar
sense of desperation, or overeonfidence if you prefer

The chronicle should build toa final bacth
place in che Umbra and on Barth. Ultimately, it would
be nice if the Garou won, but not totally necessary.
Pethaps the end should be like Ragnarok in Norse
legend. The warriors all die great and noble deaths,
slaying their enemies, leaving bebind only a few survi:
von, the peacemakers, the kinder and gentlersores who
«ean build better world for the future. How successful
the characters were in the stories building up tothe final
battle should help determine the result. Maybe
they die from wounds suffered in the battle, but only
afer they havea chance rosee victory. Maybe the gooxt
squys lose, but they somehow survive to try to rebuild
ry and keep fighting until the bitter end.

Running the Apocalypse allows you todo tour de
force of all the major heroes and villains from your
chronicle. Take every character you've ever liked from
every Werewolf sourcebook and run with them. Ler the
characters joumey tothe surface of Anthelios,or gather
the greatest heroes from each of the Near Realms to aid
them. Enjoy yourselfand make itanevent or your group
to remember. If you want to go board, get
cheap burtons made saying "I survived the Apocalypse"
co "I died in the Apocalypse." Your players will wear
them with pride for years to come.

Iopergiom?

‘The Stargazers were right. The Apocalypse was
only another stage in an eternal eyele. That eyele has
turned. Humanity sent itself back to the Stone Age
consago, Now, the Garou find themselves confronting
an exploding human population... one thathas des
‘oped agriculture, is beginning to form cities, and is
rapidly expanding across the globe. So now what?

The werewolves remember the stories of the
Impergium, Will they letithappen again?Can they stop
the cycle from repearing itselfeven if they want to? This
ismuch likea historical chronicle of the Impergium, but
this cime humans may be a bit more prepared. Spirits
may oppose the idk Garou [mpergium. Hard-line

and despe

werewolf eo

a EAT FEY

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

A

ned in effect, the
re happened

Afterall, ifthe Impergium had re
Apocalypse would neve

Youcan use this variant in conjunction with some
of the.
war was the Apocalypse, and human civilization has
finally begun rebuilding a few thousand years later.

The characters may all have memories of the Apoca
Iypse from their ancestors.

Yer lariat

Post-Apocalypse settings are not the only variants
tothe Werewolf world. Changing partsof the Werewolf

thology provides plenty of waysto change the toncaf
yourchronicle, whilestillhavingit beabout werewolves
Above all, your chroni
playerstohave fun, while telinga story together. Never
lec the rules or the "official" storyline get in the way

Werewolf's rules and themes can
alternate settings that may not be recc
Werewolf game to outsiders. This cat
tw wake up players and get them to think. In addition,
it provides a special challenge to the Storyteller. By
creating your own world as a Storyteller, you have
greater control. Also, if you've run a number of
Werewolf chronicles, it gives you a chance to do

ther post-Apocalypsesettings. Perhaps nuclear

cis a way for you and your

slate into
ble asa

nething different, but still enjoy your favorite (we

Lookat settingsfrom fiction and find elements you
like. Youcould throw all pretense of aserious game out
the window and send a pack to the stars to fight giant
bugsin some kind of Starship Troopers with fangs. Ifyou
want to do high fantasy ind sorcery, havi
characters with the abihity to turn into werewolves
should make that horde of ores or barbarians €
twice. They could be the holy warriors of the C
Wolf. Maybe being a werewolf isa true curse, not
and the characters are fi

pring to free themselves
The selections that follow are only a few ideas on
possible variant Werewolf games, They aremore meant
to fire your imagination than anything else. If you like
n idea but don't want to unbalance or radically trans
form your current chronicle, use the setting as part of a
dream ora realm in the Umbra, Many of these settings
have a particular theme or tone and could be used as
analogy or symbols for events in an existing chronicle
Thebottomlineisthis don'the
you want with your game. As the
world, youre

id todowhatever

Storyteller, it's your

ion, and your plot. Although we've said

The Latt Defenders of Cain

In the distant future, scientists have created the
perfect soldiers. Mixing unstable DNA from wolvesand

179

NY


cme A SSL

humans, werewolf warriors now wagk

war upon their
country's enemies. Cybemetic implants and combae
drugs help them reacha state where they become nearly
Science celebrates
werewolves as the ultimate triumph of technology and
nature, They inspite fea
neatly

unstoppable killing machines.

in their ene renerate
Wy wound, and depend on scientific
loyaley ond keep them breathis

werewolves serve as a
They receive
ssefficiency. Their
mnt to engender fear as to serve
praccieal putposes. Altematives to werewolves exist
in the forms of slayer androids and other genetically
enhanced cyborgs, but none of them inspites che
Visceral terror of the werewolf,

In this variant, the Garou don't exist. These aren't
the spirit-loving na

force
onlers from "The M
formy are as much m

ralistic wolves we know and love
Maybe the hist: Garou died defending the final ca

decades ago. The Veil still exists, bur it's much weaker.
People know about the werewolf project. Werewolves

tnay scare the bell out of them, bur no one denies their
tothe characters to help them comple
Werewolves can expect to be outfitted with a full

complimentof modem weaponry and receive official or

unofficial sanctioning from their creator. Everythin

all set for a kill-fest of corporate warfare and amor:
camage. Woe to anyone who gets
silver'snot any more

1e Gift aren'

n the way. Oh,
aproblem than any other metal.
to talk to spirits that don't exist? Gnosis shouldn't
matter much, The Umbra doesn't exist, s0 no one
needs to worry about C

Dark future setrings usually wind up with the main
charac'

1 finding out some kin
could hun

of nasty secret that
"The Man". Corporations always need a
reason to tum on their creations and vice versa. Why
should we be any different, especially when we've got
» whole set of books full of them?

The Resurrected

Inthis variant of the Garou-as-engineered-soldiers,
ind the Umbra do exist. Perhaps the Garou arc

sone, victims of the Apocalypse or simply hunted
into extinction ages past. Gaia has not forgotten her
protectors. Now, modern science has found a way to
bring them hack. Gaia's spirits want them back, and
they don
when the artificial werewolves ofthe future tap into the

fend to leave them alone. What happens

goinginsane? What happens when they realize what the
averand the Wyrm have done tothe workl2Do their
loyalties lie with the government and scientists who
created them or with a spirit world desperate to have

y


them back? How do their employers deal with spirit
inagic and real magical Gifts? As the werewolves redis
cover the past, they may gain weaknesses to silver, but
theyalsoreyain Gifts and forishes: Also, noone sai at

the Wyrm

ul its lovely servants ever went away

This variant can cover many different govern.

meat-conspiracytypesettings. Forexample, werewolves

could be police ufficesy or bounty hunters, reared to
track down criminals and some people that just know
too much, Werewolves could be government enfore
‘ers, created with a way for them to instill rerror into
Ipeople,asitthe Veil were pierced. What woukl
happen if a yroup of these werewolves rebelled?

Noferat

What if no homids existed! Everyone's a lupus or
re, shaun

or pethaps they never existed, snd

metis in this chronicle. The homids are g

wolves we it humans as

x
relarives. Furthermo yow about
werewolves. Forget the Veil, humans have leamed
that werewolves do exist, and they aren't happy. The
thought of giant werewolves terrorizing the night is
enough to alana any government
Inthissetting, the Garoudesperately ty tokeeptheit
wolf Kinfolk and themselves alive 0
determined to find and exter e them. S
werewolvesinfiltrate theirenentics, using hum:
jus among their enemies Special units of werewol
huntersamed with high freyueneysitens flame-throwers

| wl

jecchilletssecrchont the Cana. Theyhave were

ment nyc heli

ters radiosy an support
teams, Sone may even have psychics in

In this world, the Real Takins are
nest respected tibes.Jumanshaveproved themight
time and cime aigiin. Glass Walkers und Bone Gnawers
ofestinetion, yet they still dare tocnter
the cities and abot anters. [tsa time of wat
war that the Garou stand little ch

The Chiklren af Gai

powerful todetear simply with fang. claw, Thy

nce of uw

toopen adialogue and negotiate with the
helieve chat their enemics will listen to reason and

wiske, Rod Talon lewke
vot ph vet
care how sound the Children

suspect the Chihire

of ir society. They dhon't

nthe Wyrm still seeks to
Jestray the Garant, Fomor aid the lumters in their

I that weren't enoe

actempts to ting! and kill the werewolves, A
humans, the Sibwer Circle, hoe dscweral the truth
alvur che Wyrm, They know that anly the werewolves

okey testoppingthe Wyrm. b theCarcke's

mieinpts to. ve only led tes dea

Chapter Five

Breaking the Mold

SETS RSE EO RAE

SN ee

more, they can't convince politicians
ry hunters not to kill the werewolve
picle built a

id this setting focuses on,

of overceminghatred and preju

as the struggle forsurvival. As wolf packs flee trom the

humans, the werewolves must protect their Kinfalk
and lead them to safety hl

a character and a human fighting the

A poignant romance «
arise betwee

Wyrm. Pe
the hopes of hav idl breed again, The Red
Talons woukl nor take that well

Raging for a Cirv

Lycanthropy has nothing t
1 defender af Gaia, Werewolves pass on this

apssoane Gamo will mate with humans in

» wath hertage ot

werewolf horror movie genre, a werewolf can't contra)
himself on nights of the fall moon, Ditticulties
Jower on Rage rolls, making tn more likely elyae tly
werewolt will lose contr!
AL of the characters should start ans human
erably with established connections tawneliother
Each one of the vivesan atiack front

® ye ce iseae. Wp
slowly at first, leadin anklen by te
unusual hair growth, and sharper canines. Magle th
al werewoll stil] lurks cutside them town. mayh:
Is there a cure they find and ill the beast?
Ove the probes hecranics weave, You shal

play the penonal horror aspects

selvesand thei taniliestromthenuaresbyast within.

If they arene careful, they inay puss on the does 1
hers. Over time, the wolf stunts cricing fresh anieat
They pose «amie danugrtstheirfriends an kien

nen purpose plinn
to viviseet the beasts, If they hoxl ant who th
werewalves aire, they would be willing to sto at
norhing to find a way to take ane alive ‘Thes'l
family of dhe characters, a
clyour of weal of th
ventuilly, the werewolves wviseanid take
the otfensive. They could discover tha 1
torsarethe anes whoereatedthe visits They ni ever

ve the ¢ wher

wrvcters are willing
they may find a way
Th

181

Lp


|

ne AA

sible, The Umbra alsodoesn't exist. Noone getstostep
sideways. The new werewolves will have to strugle to
balance using their newfound abilities with finding a
way to cure themselves. Of course, a cue has its price
aswell, [ewould be tragic ifsomeone founda
todiscover that the b

ire, only
‘guys were still out to get him.
A cured character might have to seek our an infected

friend to re-infeet her soshe can protect her loved ones
or put a final end to this plague
The Cerna Pack

Some battlesnever end. Ifyou asa Storyteller want
touse all thehistoricalsett wbethe chronicle
idea for you. N pens, the etemal pack
ilwaysarrives tofight the darkness. Thechronicle could
start with ‘k of werewolves in the distant past
fightingacerrible enemy. The pack fightsto theend, but
stop the ereature. With their dying breaths,
members swear an oath to Gaia vowing that if
zth, they will use it to fight
st her enemies throughout all of theit lives. Gaia
grants their request, but now they reinkcamnate time and
time again to fight her enemies, always appear
times of great need. Alternatively, the pack could have
failed their sept or tribe, unleashing a terrible avat
the Wyrm upon the world, perhaps even an Unge
Wyrm. They may not find true rest as Fong asthe spirit
remains free. Though they may i jin, each
time chroughout the years that i gets free, the spirits of
the pack return, taking physical form toreturn the spirit
(wits prison. Only when they ultimately destroy it will
they find peace. Also, like any good ghost storys the
Garou could be tied toa person, like the truc kingof the
Silver Fangs, or a place; like che Caern of the Sacred
Spring. Whenever those things are threatened, the
Ftemal Pack returns ro defend them.

Each story in this rype of game could take place in
a separate time period. The chronicle ends whenever
the characters manage to permanently lay their for or
accomplish their goal. With thistypeofchronicle, you
don't have to worry about not killing any of the player
characters. They'll be hack next story, although you
may want to throw in a way duat dhe pack can. be
permanently destroyed or made tosufferetemally. You
want to avoid players growing too world-weary and

they can have the stre

attempting to sabotage the pack, although it might be
amusing t0 watch one individual try it for a story or
two, Also, characters that carelesly throw away their
lives might get ok! after while, though a few heroic
sacrifices could be lots of fun

The characters become the stuff of legends among
the Garou, Future generations may even become lax,
expecting the Etemal Pack to arrive and save them,
They may have other problemswhen they arrive Skep-

182

——

tics may accuse them of being imposters artemptin;
urty favor by impersonating great heroes of the past
‘They'll have to learn new skills.as customs and cultures
pulls
th
amongtheancesto
grow angry when

gun on one of the pack. They will also find
Ives worshipped and holding positions of honor
spirits. Theurges:and Philodox may
ne pack fails to offer denn divine
wight into the workings of the spirit world. The Garon
may expect them to bring back the dead or perform
ther miraculous tasks. Some packs may take offense at
ing these saviors come to protect them.
A well-developed recurting villain or group of vi
Jains will strengthen this chronicle. As the pack learns
how theirfoe operates, he wll learn about thet as wel
Nothing adds to a fight scene quite like the good guys
and bad guyscafling each other by name orpointingout
the mistakes that their opponent made last tine, Story
teller characterscan reappear in different stories.as well,
perhaps being a young cub in or
elderinthenext Some werewolvescould remember the
cecernal pack through their Ancestors Background.
For a fun variant,on th

story and a revered

concep, maybe the
characters switch auspices each time they retum or
even switch bodies. Be careful though, this will work
well with some troupes and go over very badly with
others. Don't isc dhe players with more chan they
can handle or you'll hear things like, "Whac do you
mean I'm soand so'scharacter? I hate Bone Gnawers."
Whats So Special?

Everyone is a werewolf. Everyeme

In this type of setting, the characters are put of a
Silver Pack or have some other advantage over most
peuple, bur everyone is a Garou. People keep their
anguments under tight control, lest the Rage grow too
great. Doctors give their patients special med
help them retain contr
participants in Crines form. Fur-colo
al the rage (pun intended),
werewolvesate colonizing the Umbra with special moon:
bridges. Everyone reveresGaia. Uni classes
about conversing with spirits. Instead of cities being
urban sprawls, Garou have built them up around eaerns
and designed them to harmonize with nature. Politicians
settle disputes with klaives. Society may handle
the same way. Possession of silver requites a permit

Metis don't really exist. Everyone's technically a
retis, but breeding works fine and there's no trace of
homid ot lupus list. Of course, children could occa
sionally be born as metis. People would consider them
handicapped and give them special care and sympathy
In other words, they'd grow up angry and bitter 3s

ations to
ce place wich the
¢ shampoos are
stead of a space program,

divorces

.e may take Gifts from cither the

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

erie 6/2


usual. Asa story idea, maybe true metis start to be bom
wumbers. Something may be
going he hospital

Fomori don't exist. Instead, anyone who falls to
the Wyrm becomes a Black Spiral Dancer. Under:
world legions of Black Spirals wage a perpetual war
against the rest of the world. Anti-Black Spiral packs
form specifically to combat the threar

This setting probably makes for a better short
chronicle than a long one. But again, it should make
players think, especially if they have a ter
push normal humans around. Another option, more
suited for a one time adventure than a full chronicle,
would be wo make the player characters into humansor
wolves in this world. Forsome reason, theyarethe only
ones who aren't Garou. This may make them outcasts
or make them more trustworthy, sinee they don't
struggle with Rage. They may need to goon a quest
attain their Garou heritage and join society.

JSeroatt of the Drager

Want torally tum Werewolfonitshead?Trythisone

The Wyrm, or Dragon, desperately strugeles to save
‘an insane Gata from the warring powers of the Wykd and
the Weaver. The Dragon's not imprisoned anywhere or
insane, Hisagentsof balance, the Garou, try to purify the
ccomupt spirits, Failing that, they cull the threats to Gaia,
All ofthe tribes pay some reverence to the Dragon.

Fomori are noble humans who've sworn the
selves to the service of che Dragon. Unfortunately,
cach one of these individuals knows thar the husman

ony, but they'te willing to do it to help save Gaia
from Herself, Fomori are the ultimate martyrs, trac

heroes, in every sense

The Wyrm isn't a force of corruption, more like a
purifying flame. He does his best rotry to save Gaia but
such ishis power that he could justas well destroy Her.
Therefore, he needs the werewolves to help him try
heal and save Gaia. The Dragon's power can corrupt
the weak-willed, so Garou must gain Renown to prove
thar they have the strength of will and character to
handle the Dragon's Gifts. Th
of the greatest tribes of werewolves, while the Silver

Spiral Dancers areone

Fangs succumbed to the madness of Gaia ages ago.
Alternatively, just move the Wyrm from its posi-
tion as the main antagonist in Werewolf. The Weaver
or the Wyld could casily replace it. The Glass

Rex! Talonscould assime the role of the
aia Herselfcould kash outagainst Herchikiren as She
»vironmental and spiritual damage. The
Triat could stand united in theica

allen tribe.

suffers fro

emptstosav

as Aare PEE Nn me

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

CEL. ETD OD AO TIEN

Caer sites are locations where Gaia's spirits pass
between worlds before they rampage on earth, killing
all in their wake. Werewolves must seck out alterna
tive places to gain spiritual energy. possibly getting
snasis from the Weaver's labs in this alternate world
Abhen ovation
dst of looking into mirrors, seeking out
nd the like, werewolves sometimes forget
to look up. Well, in this alternate setting, prepare to
put the Triat on the hack bumer. A much more
physical threat has found its way to earth. The Garow
may be the only chance we have

Source mat
You can find

foralien invasions is everywher
avies like Independence Day, Evoluti
and the Alien trilogy at a nearby video store. Literature
is everywhere as well, but H.G. Wells' War of the
Worlds was probably the first.

Aliens could be giant insects, spindly creatures with
seat weatal powers, artificial lifetorms, or best of all,
shapeshifters. They should have technology beyond that
of earthlings; after all, they did manage to get here
However, itshouldn'tbesopowerful that the human r
and more importantly the Gi put up a fight.

During classic alien invasion tales, the in
alwayshavesome type of weakness that the her
exploit. The hard partis usually discove
ness. Maybe their ships are impenetrable by modern
weapons, but they have no wards

ders

wesean,
thisweak

ainst attacks from
the Umbra. Packsof werewolvescouldslip through the
Umbra and make their way insid
The aliens may have studied hum

ns, but they don't

even have an inkling of the existence of werewolves.

Alien invasions also have the wonderful
turning morcal enemies into best friends. After all, if
planet, what are we fightin
Hunters, vampires, and Black Spiral Dancers could all
unite with werewolves to fight off the invasion. Once
thealiens leave, things may return tonormal,or perhaps
the former enemies will have found a common grou

they destroy ou over!

Of course, the invasion could hea misunderstand
ing. Alien starships forced w land for rep:
inadvertently release high levels of radia
atmosphere, which the
attack. The pack may need tohelp the aliens
they need to repair the ship and lee 1
Perhapsan unconventional way foraliens to get home
would be to take a long trek through the Deep Umbra
Invasions can come from any ditection. They don't
dimension, deep with the earth's core, or from the
future. Invaders could be from an altemate world, like
anyone ofthe othersettingslisted here.

into the

ilitary may interpret as an
what

planet

|



George Orwell's 198.

Jd Aldous Huxley's Brave
New World are requited reading for this ype of world
This setting allows players to explore philosophical
viduals fall against the needs of the state? Is a life
without freedoms worth living? Ifthe state has trained
its agents from birth to serve its needs, is it right to
blame them for their actions? Of course, some players
won't care, They'll be enjoying themselves too much
tuying to tear down the world government

Steam Pak

Imagine werewolves doing battle with steam-pow-
ered monstrosities in the Vietorian era. Altho
a true historical setting, a number of sourc
about the Steam Age. Basically, they all funetion
under the premise that the steam engine has reached
its ultimate potential, usually coupled with a touch of
magic. The writings of Jules Verne and Edgar Rice
Burroughs providesolid source material for this type of
setting. Steam ally pit the benefits
anddangersofscienceagainst each other. Thisisa very

iy alternative way to play Werewolf: Wild West. Just
ackd a few Steam Punk conventions to the setting and
you're ready to go.

Critminal masterminds, dirigibles, lose works filled
with dinosaurs, hidden alien races dwellingbeneath the
workd or the waves are all part and parcel of a Steam
Punk world. Werewolves have to foil the plots of noble
men incent on taking over the world, Giant steam-
pestered robots threaten national capitals. Black Spiral
Dancers attack caernsand make their getaways insteam
riven airships. Oil wells drilled deep into the Earth's
cust reveal a lost civilization and its powerful spiritual
guardians. Just about any part of the ry can be
super-charged with the adklition of:

Keep in mind that cechnology in thiserashouldn''t
bereliable, even for the villains. Large clanking metal:
lic devices with lots of steam whistling from gears are
the rule of the day. Science usually creates more
trouble, not less. Action should try to run ata Saturday
morning serial type pace, with heroes escaping one
death-defying situation to leap into another. Give
players a chance to catch their breath, then launch
them on the path to adventure again.

Ie's also a setting for revolution and new ideas
Challenge the status quo, bur ina manner that doesn't
get you completely thrown out of society, Young
members of the European nobility discuss revolution.
Tnventors propose concepts ford A chife
the balance of power between nations. With the help
of technology, the downtrodden can make themselves
downright dangerous

ink settings

SS
Leating Ort Wat Vou Dov} Like

Another way that youcan createaltemate settings
is just to remove anything that you don't like, For
mnple, perhaps you hate crossovers with other World
mes. Remove them, Vampires, mages,

7
ind] mummies
world. They
You could target a particular tribe. In your world

the Silent Striderscould have
Eaypt. Maybe the Bone Gnawers didn'
Black Death. The last of the Silver Fangs committed
suicide duringthe Russian Revolution, Think about the
implications of losing any of the tribes. Ifthe Silene
Seriders didn't exist, who or what opposed the dark
power in Egypt? Have the Glass Walkers filled the
niche thatthe Bone Gnawersheld,oraretheurban poor
nd homeless shepherded by wererats instead of Garou?
Did the Shadow Lords take over the tribes immediately
upon the fall of the Silver Fangs or did they
while out of respect? More seriously,
other tribes react to the fall of the Silver Fangs
Storytellers can also change a tribe. The Black
Furies are the traditional leaders of the Garo instead
of the Silver Fangs, and suddenly the Garou Nation
takes a matriarchal turn. The Fianna join the White
Howlers and fall to the Wyrm. The Glass Walkers
have completely fallen to the Weaver in the same way
that Black Spiral Dancers fell to the Wyrm, The GI

none of them ever existed in your
all just myths

ago in
vive the

Walkers have reached their limit on technological
advances and now work to try to stop humanity from
moving any farther forward. The Black Furics allow

male werewolves in their rinks, The Red Talons
decide that humans are part of nature as well and
welcome homid breeds into their ranks, The Silver

Fa

1s prey on other tribes of werewolves, conducting
ir own small scale War of Rage
What if the Veil never existed? Hunters would
arer mumbers. Caerns would survive in
s. Werewolves would have to have a
masquerade, much like vampires, if they wanted to
‘eforlong. Players would have tobe careful about
acters' actions, How would the tribes find a
-ontrol their rage?

You can change the breeds. What if the metis
normal werewolves. Give them a few attribute points,

way to

for free. These super-werewolves could try to replace
the

alk, creating a society of pure Garou. How
relia infolk, what kind of check would the
metis have to prevent theextremists among them from
wg wolves and h ately? "We


away from werewolves. Garou

Vf ied alf the %
v- Wolldbane could acral.
re , id belladonna might vent a
. ve Gai te ia irits could just
y ; into differenr
J wolves. Myth from all over the
world provides most of the source material that we
use for the World of Darkness. Take what you find
and make it Own
Auld What You Do Like
c pil |

existiny

classify them.

neverhave taken place. All
Keome at caer

Maybe the
the run

1uld be immortal. They may never

. you could increase the power

1 ofall werewolves. Detect Wyrm could bea free


Gift that all werewolves possess. Silver may not doany

‘ou than any other kind of metal
Werewolves who regenerated at twice the normal rate
would find the world much less of a threat eo thes,

Vhistorteaf Varlantt

As mentioned in the section on historical perioxs,
with an alternate history, Imagine if the Garou lost the
War of Rage and werebears were Gi
fenders. Werewolves fightingas an underground resis
tance against the Nazi world government would make
a fun game as well. Even simple changes to history c:
have far-reaching effects. What if computers were
never invented! It's subtle change to the game, but it
makes quite a difference in the modern world.
Nad Carte

Workl War Il isover and the Axis won, Everyor
lives under fascism. Werewolves could be resistance
fighters steugeling against the Axis tyranny. They
could also be more concerned about the Wyrm and the
vworld government may simply be getting in their w
The Nazis could also be servants of the Wyrm. The
only opposition to Hitler could come from his former
Axis partner, the Japanese. This setting would work
well with the Hengeyokai sourcebook and characters.

The Second American Cif War

‘The Confederacy won the Civil War some time
ago, Now, the Union has decided that itean no longer
tolerate the division, and its factories have produced
enough weapons to have a second try. Disputes over

in 9 world

western states have pushed diplomatson both sides too
far. If yourgroup likes dealing with a lot of tense moral
issues, the threat of a modern civil war will make even
the most iso

ed werewolf pay attention

Wofeome fo Marg

‘The United States wasn't satisfied with being the
first country to reach the moon. The space pro,
ent of the

remained in high gear until the establishn
first Mars colony. Now, young werewolves travel to
Mars in an attempt to open the first caerns and make
contact with strange Martian spiris

The Colootsation of Europe

Wha ifthe people of Nort and South America
discovered and colonized Europe instead of the other
way around? Would we have Incan temples in Sp
How would the Wendigo and Uktena treat their
oppressed European brethren!

Getting Sanger
There is no end to the

yes of st
jvunid he world, none:

a LTE PERN

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

Qearnemnararene

which necessarily have anything to do with Gaia, Per
haps werewolves a

with humans, as precursor toan alien invasion, Maybe
you have to be:

the result of alien genes mixing

sealk your prey in their dreams, Maybe wolves evolved
into intelligent beings and are running the earth, with
subj
mes before, co wlaat you enjuy. Make sure you
and your friends have a great time exploring all the
potential Werewolf has to offer. It doesn't really matter
if your chronicle conforms to the "official" Werewolf

world, as long as it works for your troupe

Chaucer

The options to explore in a Werewolf chronicle
are near endless, Politics on the pack, sept, tribal and
cevenglobal level. Scruggles against the Wyrin, Weaver
n Wyld. Umbral Realms from the immense to
the pockersied. A near-infinite supporting cast of
Kin, spirits, werewolves, fomori and more

ed race. In the end, as we've stated

And yet there's the potential for more — the test
of the World of Darkness, to be precise. The tempta
tion to bring in other x: Breeds i fairly power
fal; and the temptation to loot the other World of
Darkness game lines is sometimes even stronger

The main problem. though. is that these alternate
character types and societies don't always blend well
with a Werewolf game. Not all supernatural types are

interested in (orwouldeven believe in) the waragainst
traveling the Umbra, they might find themselves
red from spirit quests in th

interests of fairness

So you have a few challenges ahead. But if you're
reading these words, you're interested in trying anyway,
right? More power to you. This section is meant to give
‘you some assistance in wrangling a crossover chronicle
intosomethingall your playerswillenjoy asmuchasyou
do. Use these rule clines, adapt them as inspira-
tion, orignore them completely
else would work better

The Fira

"Bach of the Fera has — or had — a puerpose under
Gaia. Some of them seem redundant, some mysterious,
yet itis the Garou who have developed a complex and
overreaching culture. Of course, the other Fera's growth in
this regard may have been stunted.

— From the journal of Martin One-Name, Glass
Walker Philodox (deceased)

As the name of the game

youdecide something

you'

Werewolf is
about werewolves. However. other shapeshifters da

87

ENN :

7 eee


|

em A SS th

nd it would be
poks about them
leto wancto play them. This
section is meant to show the Storytellers how to
ite the Changing Breeds into Werewolf games,
either as plot hooks or as pl

iva at Sjorypeler Haracpert

Feracan work nicely insupportingrolestothe pack,
either as allies or eontaets (even if the pack is unaware
of the true nature of the Fera) of as adversaries. They
may show up as one-time plot devices (especially as
adversaries) or as recurring €

Porteayhng the Fira

Someth

exist in the World of Darkness,
somewhat hypocritical to publish

and then not expect pe

cer characters

wtoconsider about using Feraisthat, with
only a few exceptions, the other Breeds distrust the
Garowat best and bitterly hace then at worst. These bad
feelings are usually reciprocated. While the C
the Nuwisha, as the two Breeds that deal with the
but were least affected by the War of Rage
the ability to announce themselves to the werewolves
and not expeet to be met with fang and claw, this
xoualwill isnot acall universal. Many Garou have heard
stories of the other Breeds, but those stories are mostly
propaganda (from the maligned Fera's perspectiv
least) and rately east the Breed in a positive light:

‘When introducingthe Feratoapack of werewolves,
stress their strangeness. A Gutahl should not come
rntle defender of the wilderness. She should
embody the she-bear's rage, a monstrous, snarling beast.
The non-mammalian Fera — especially the bizarre
‘Ananasi — resemble Wyrm-monsters in their middle
forms, and the Storyteller shouldn't draw too much of a
distinetion between these creatures and fomori or other
beasts thar the pack may have encountered. If the pack
doesnotattack rightaway, but tiesto kdentify the threat
(especially by using a Gift such as Scent of the True
Form), then the "monster" might be revealed as one of
the Changing Breeds. This doesn't mean that every
thing is sudklenly smoothed over, however.

A lone Fera should never stand andl fight against a
pack of Garou; all of them know this to be suicide. This
‘means that the werespider they surprise during its nightly
feedingturnsand then dissolves intoamassof tiny spiders,
or the Pumonca they meet by chance on dhe plains calls
on aGitt (one the Garou have never seen) and vanishes.
The first meeting with a Changing Breed shoukin'e
involve the Fera and the werewolves sitting down and
chattingahout what a mistake the War of Rage was. The
first mectingshould be laden with fear— remember asfar
asmost ofthe other Fera know, the Garou are still out for
Islood (which is nor always untrue!)

188

———

Refresher Course

The Feraare introduced in the Werewolf Play-
ers Guide and derailed in their resp:

books. However, here is a list of the surviving

ctive breed

Changing Breeds ani a brief introduction to them:

© Ajaba: The werehyenas, once numerous in
Africa, were almost entirely wiped out by the Bastet,
Now fewer than score exist worklwide, (Note
Information on the Ajaba can be found in Bastet,)

* Ananasi: The other Fera almost univer-
sally despises the werespiders. Loyal in extreme
totheir Queen Ananasa, they spin their webs and
do her bidding.

© Bastet: Nine tribes of werecats currently
roam the Earth, from the riddling Qualmi
mnxes in North America to the mighty Khan
weretigers of Asia. Considering themselves to be
the Eyes of Gaia, the Baster are warriors and
hoarders of secrets.

* Corax: Children of the sun, the wereravens.
know the Umbra like no other breed (with one
possible exception). Of the surviving Fera, they
enjoy the best relationship with the Garou

© Gurahl: Healers, nurturers and guardians
bar none, the werebears live quietly, for fear the
War of Rage will begin anew

© Kitsune: The werefoxes are rarely found out
ide of the Middle Kingdom, except as emissaies for
Shapeshifters of the Bast for more information)

© Mokolé: Taking the forms of alligators,
crocodiles, and other large li
Folkrefer the Garouas "egg sin
thein at best.

ards, the Dragon
pers" ann distrust

© Nagah: Presumed extinet by most Fera, the
wereserpe juudges and executioners.
Secrecy istheir greatest law, and theirgreatest sorrow.

* Nuwisha: Though the werecoyotes didn't
suffer too badly during the War of Rage, only 100
liveon Earth — the rest tread the Umbra. They are
Gaia's cricksters and her harshest teachers,

© Ratkin: The frenzied wererats were once
charged with keeping human population under
and foremost, but look forward to the day when

arvival first

chaos reigns.

® Rokea: The weresharks do not recogr
the Weaver, the Wyld, and Wyrm, but ratherh;
their own culture and their own ideas about the
They believe that Sea
created them to survive the Great Unmaking

not Gaia

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

aie


If the pack asks the eldens of their sept for advice
abour the Fera, they are likely to hear horror stories. See
this book's Legends of the Garou for the soxt of thing
elder Garou are likely to say about even the gentle
Gurahl. Stories of the Mokolé should focus on. huge,
slawvering dragor
werealligators are not meant to be Gaia's warriors, bu
Her memory. A tale about the Ratkin might
brave Garou who faces the hordes of wererats tosave his
Kinfolk from disease. Re
legends are oral history, 1
changed with time, the

Sera atMat

How each of the Bera mi

like monsters, not the fact that the

also are not entirely

hc fit into a Werewolf
game iscovered below. In general, however, ifyou plan
‘on letting the pack have an ally of another Changing
Breo «the ally is getting out ofthe deal
Remember: The Garou effectively committed geno:
cide on the other Fera, and while the younger gen.
tions of werewolves might be very sorry about the
whole thing, that hardly makes the Fera feel comfort-
able around them. Each of the Breeds, therefore, has
fon ways to hide from the Garou and further their
own ends. Ifa Corax is going scouting for a pack, he
might be doing it simply because it's his job under Gaia

or he might be planning to lead the Garou into a
conflict with his own centics. A Mukolé might con-
sent to use her Mnesis to try and find the answer to a
problem the Garou seek, but she may well require an
entire quest to prove the pack's good faith,

Ingeneral, the hardest part of getting the help of one
ofthe Ferashouldbe getting them tositdown and talk (as
discussed above). Even ifthe Fera trusts the Gurou not to
suddenly tear her in half, she will never lead the Garou to

consider w

herhome (especially tru in the case ofa Gurahl's Umbra
Ft fokolé's clutch). Also, unless Fera'shome or
Kin aatened, they will usually not fight alongside

the Garou. There are two good reasons for this, Firs, the

Naver Say Newer

The reader may notice that reference is made
to things thar Fera "always" do. OF
course there are exceptions. Of course those ex-
ceptions can — and possibly even should — ap.
pear in your chronicles. The idea, after all, és that
the characters' pack is special in some ways that's
why they're the stars of the show. So whar if no
pack in five centuries has seen
befriended —a Gurahl? The pack in vo
juse might be the frst

much less

thronicle

Just make sure to stress exaetly how rare and
special an event that is.

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

CEL, SE SNS OY AUN

I

Garou's penchant for bloody Rage is widely known
among the other Breeds, and no one wants to be on the
same battlefield with a frenzied werewolf. Second, G:
designed the Garou to he her warriors, not the oth
Breeds. Since the Garou went out of their way todemor
stratchow efficient they were at their job, the other Fer
have no co

jons to try and outdo them.
Sera arAoragonittt

The motivations a Fera might have for working
against the Garon ate vaied. Perhaps the
Black Spiral Dancer right towardsthe Fera. Perhaps the
Fera holds a grudge for the of R (this grud
1 forall except the Mokolé, some of whom
ually remember it). Pethaps the Fera doesn
hate the Garou in general, but loathes the pack (or one
prack member) for a past slight. On the other hand, the
Fera might simply bea sadistic, bloosthit
want co hurt the pack simply to ce the

YY monster and
in pain.

ne the

werewolves is not a safe proposition for anyon
while certain Fera may not care, any

asa personal grudge against the Garou
ack and wishes to see them come to harm,
ad all sorts of trouble tothe Garou's door. She

ccan set up ambushes and lure the werewolves into
dangerous situations. pethapsappearing to strike w
the pack is busy fighting another foesand then vanish-
ing again before they realize her presence. A truly
vicious adversary may stalk the Garou's Kinfblk, per
haps u imal Attraction to seduce them (image
the hortor of the werewolf who discovers that his
Kin is carrying the child of a werespider!),

If the Fera's interests merely run ¢
Garou, however, he is unlikely to take violent action,
direct or otherwise, against the pack, The Fera know
how difficult werewolves are to kill, and doing so isn't
venture to enter into lightly. If the Garou are simply
disrupting the Fera's territory or venturing too close to
hishome, he may stir up crouble elsewhere, to drag the
werewolves away from his turf. If their battles arc

attracting too much attention ftom their enemies, the
Feramay actually help the pack covertly fora time, but
attempt t ou to finish
each other off, simply to make the area safe again.

eds

the enemies and the Gi

When using the Fera as

oryteller characters,
whether friend or foe, some dangers present them:
selves. Beware of:

189


|

* "Monster of the Week" Syndrome: During the
last story, the characters ran afoul of an angry werebear,
recently awakened from hibemation. During thisstory,
nidmustdecide
what to do with her. Perhaps next story, they will all
th hes them wherever they go.
a is special and creates its own
unique mood. Using one shapeshifter after another
cheapens this, and creates the illusion chat the world
isoverpopulated with were-creatures. Of course, ifthe
theme of the chronicle revolves around the various
Fera,asshown in the examples in Chapter Three, more
frequent meetings with the Fera become part of the
mood. Unless this isa major theme of the c
however, beware of be

Bach of the Fi

than

fing in me
iarity: The Garou do not teach classes on
the other Fera, and even if a Garou's mentor happens
to be fairly knowledgeable about them, she certainly
isn't going to use the Mokolé hook as a text for the
lesson. The Garou do not know ereation legends and
xeneral philosophical outlook of each of the Fera, and
frankly, the Breeds aren't going to be too keen on

all the

enlightening them. Information is power,
Garou have enough already.

Even if the pack beftiends another Fera, that
shapeshifter should be constantly on guard. She might
trust the pack, but not at al xe
sept: She will not teach them Gifts or tell them of her
society, beyond some faitly useless (if interesting) tid
bits. This isn't a matter of stubbomness (usually); the
Fera see it, quite accurately, asa matter of life and death.

* Fera ex machina: The Fera have powers and
Gifts that the Garou do nor, and many of them a
quite impressive (even "cool"). This does not mean
that the Storytellers free to let the pack's buddy, who
just happens to be a Rank Five Bagheera, show up in
Judah form and lay waste tothe pack'senemies. A Fera
ally of the pack should he treated like any other ally
with regards to avoiding deus ex machina, if not ev
more carefully. It pisses players off to have "the
Storyceller's pet characters" hog the spotlight, and
since Fera attract attention by their very nature, they
should be used with caution,

Fira at Oharapers

Ifthe Storyteller chooses to allow a player to have
@ non-Garou character in a Werewolf game, she
should be aware that the inclusion of that characteris
likely going to be a major theme in the chronicle. A
werewolf pack tliat gues oir a quest svith a Corax, of

won't draw as much attention asa (non-Bone
Gnawer) pack with a wererat companion. Buteven in
the case of the more "Garou-friendly" breeds, a lot of

theo maa the

190

ee A

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

explanation needs to go into why the pack ha
buxkdy and why the Fe
wolves in the first place

Aged

Exch of the Fera, as noted above, has its own cons
cemsand agendas. The Gurahl, for example, are charged
with healing and giving succor. This makes a pack that
beaststhree Ahroun and Griffins itstorem arather poor
choice for a Gurahl character. Ifa player wishes to pa
Fera, the character's concept must give the Fera some
reason to associare with werewolves. If the character isa
typical member of her breed, then the pack's quest (and
tocem) should mesh with the Fera's purpose. If the
character issome sorcof rogue—on the run fromherown,
people, perhaps, and secking refuge with the Garou
then how does she view her Gaia-given task? Does the
Navwisha who has grown disillusioned and travels with
the Garoupack continue toplay tricks, or doesshe simply
try to keep the Garou in good spirits?

‘And then there isthe not inconsiderable problem of
how the pack's elders view their odd friend. This will
largely depend on the dominant tribe(s) of the sept, of
course; the Get of Fenris would quite likely welcome a
Corax into their mids, bur if the kids bring home an
Ananasi, the elclers will justifiably be horrified. On the
other hand, a sepe of Glass Walkers might appreciate the
knowledge of Weaver-spirits that a werespider could
bringtotherable, but the raw chaos th the
Rakin would likely t

Des
noone tribe that relates we

gants to hang out

a cause for much conster

ion.

hat some Caro have heen taught, there is

toany particular breed as a
matter of course. Yes, the Bone Gnawers and the Ratkin
share a totem, but ifthe pock is suddenly attacked by a
swarm of ras, simply yelling, "I'm a Bone Griawer!" isn't
likely to get much of a response (other than "Really? We
bones, too, Warch!"). This in mind, the reason for
includinga Ferain the pack needs tobe more than "Well,
myc iid of
everybody, so we could have a
around our pack." Maybe the Fera's prelude could coin:
cide with one of he characters' perhaps the Fera lends
ahand ona whan during the pack's first mission. What-
‘ever the reason, the relationship between the characters
needs co be well thought-out; Garou do not mingle with
te other Fera "just because."

Onteide the Pack

ind they get along with
Jokolé who feels secure

ou, Rokea, and Ratkin, for

oups, complete with totems,

example — travel in gi
The rest are solitary beasts. Besides the obvious diffi
culty this presents for the loner Fera who must fight
instinct to adventure with a pack of Garou, there
other issues as well.


‘One of the main problems this causes is that it
tends to make gathering Renown difficult. The pack
may praise the Fera at Garou moots, but Renown
ranted by the Garou is recoenized minimally or notat
all by the Fera's own kind. Worse yer, some breeds may
actually lose Renown by associating too closely with
the werewolves (notably the Mokolé and the Baster).
their kind fairly easily and thus gain Renown, the
often-bloody exploits of the Garou may not garner
them the Renown they need to rise in rank (of course,
it's all in how one tells the story).

nother problem is that of totem. As mentioned
hove, the pack's torem must at least approve of the
Fera's presence, but unless something truly extraordi
nary happens, the Fera isn't going to receive the
totem's benefits (if'a Ratkin journeys with a pack that
follows Rat,orson a,thismay change,
of course). This poses several difficulties for the Fera
ng the same bonuses that the
‘werewolves get ftom the totem. Forone thing, the Fera
in concert with the pack during combat
The Fera is exempr from pack initiative and any pack
maneuvers involving herreceivea +2 difficulty. How-
ever, this is not the worst of i.

Without thehlesingandacexptancectae
bonded ayetically, and thereSre hare aaconnection that
tmanscencs words and feelings. Even if the G
exactly best friends, they understand each other and are
ready to leap to cach other's aid at a moment's notice.
Longtime packmates may finish each oxher'ssente
make inside jokes (just like any group of longtime asc
ates) — but no matter how long the Fera has been
traveling with the pack, hefs always the odd man out. For
the solitary breeds, this may prove little more than an
annoyance, although a human-bom shapeshifter might
feel excluded. For the social breeds, however, it can be
tonture. A betweener Rokea who befriends a pack of
their company, but he will never
inlless of how much he leans of werewolf
culture. Over time, chiscan lead the Fera into depression,
restlessness, andl resentment.

Sending the Barkers

It's going to be inevitable. oner or later,a player
will ask you if he can play a Garou/Bastet metis hybrid
with che powers and Gifts of both, or another pli
may try to learn the upper-level powers of the
to increase his ase-kicking quotient, or some si
situation will arise. The following advice is the official
way that such things are addressed in the World of
Darkness. You may decide differently; that's fine. Just

hesides not get

swolvesinthepackare

volves may et

eerie

ee

remember that these rules are meant to keep each
‘Changing Breed special, rather
enous blends ofall the coolest powers rule the day, If
you don't mind cha that principle. yo right
ahead. Either way, here you go.

fe and Lore

The lore of the Changing Breeds is full of tales
out sharing and stealing Gifts and rites; the Gurahl
n to have taught the Garou rites of accord, the
Bastetclaim tohave stolen Giftsfrom nearly everyone,
and so on. Clearly, this kind of "cultural exchange"

scems likely to have happened before. And it's still
with a few rest

n letting homog

posible ictions.

Fint,theGittorr not relyon the
unique caps ng Breed. A
Garou could no more lear the Ananasi Gift of Spin

nerets (which requires literal spinnerets) than could
an Ananasi learn Song of the Dire (which requires a
Hispo form capable of howling). Never let pure rules
lawyering override

smmon sense

Secon, ifthe Gift is something that both species
(or tribes) can use at varying ranks, the student can
eam it only at the level he could normally acquie it
A werewolf must learn Catfeet at Level Three, whether
he ha
some commonly shared Gifts represent a Changing
Breeds innate knack for some tricks — and this knack
can't be taught. Nuwisha will always be better than
Bastet or Mokolé at Umbral travel, and that is that
Level Three. Level Four and Five Gifts are the exclu
sive property of their Changing Breed. (Some Story
tellers n extend this ule to learn
Gifts across tribal barriers; it does seem silly for a G
of Fenris to be able to learn Call the Cannibal Spi
rer the circumstances.) Similarly, any rites
strike the Storyteller as completely exclusive to one
type of shapeshifier — such as the Rite of the Birthing
Plague — are off-limits

a Bastet teacher or not. The varying levels af

Finally, you ean forbid players to learn any Gift or
rite outside their Changing Breed. It's up to you t0
determine which tricks can be shared and which can't

and your word goes. Period,

Creer Borveding

Obviously, each Changing Breed can take human
form, and thus representatives from any two Breeds arc
He of mating, So the question is: Can they pro
duce shapeshifter offspring? Specifically, hybrids.

The answer is generally no — two different
shapeshifters can produce offspring, bur the chances of
breeding truc to either Breed are greatly reduced. The
official reasoning runs as follows

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

we


|

Shapeshifter status is not solely genetic in nature; in
fact, genetics take a hack seat to the spirit part of the
equation. Each werebeastishalfmortalhalfspiit; whether
the spirit half comes from heritage, a Fetish Eige or the
Birthing Plague is irrelevant. The spirit nature of a
shapeshifter is unquestionable — and not easily diluted.
Generally speaking, if two shapeshifters of differ-
ent Breeds conceive
chance to be a sha

child, the child haea 5 percent
seshifter of the father's kind, a 5
percent chance to be a shapeshifter of the
kind, and an 99 percent el
either. If che mother
etc,), however, any child
Changing Breed or sh
ative birth toa Kh
rc Khan Ki

normal Kin to
nimal-born (a lupus,
n will be normal Kin to her
ters like herself —a lupus
‘or to tiger cuks,or even to
folk. She may only give birth
to wolf cubs, and there's a 5% chance ar best that one
of them will be Garou. The reduced chance for true-
bred children is one of the reasons that the various
shapeshifter races consider cross-Breed matings dis
honorable at best, insulting at worst. The werewolf
wate instead of a Garou Kin may
not be betrayinghis race, buthe's certainly ignoring:an
important duty. Blood feuds have broken out over less.

In no case can a

who takesa Fera fora

hapeshifter be of two separate
Changing Breedls;a Garou with Bastet blood is simply
Kin to the Bastet and nothing more. There ien'r
for two shapeshifter souls in one body. It also follows
that the Ratkin Birthing Plague can't work on other
shapeshifters; nor ean the Rite of the Fetish Eas. Gaia
Ube said, Pure Breed is utterly
diluted by such radical crossbreeding. [fa Silver Fang
with Pure Breed 5 takes a Bagheera who also has Pure
Breed 5 for a mate, any children who breed true have
no chance at so much asa dot of Pure Breed whatso-
ever. The purity is lost
Thematic lopegration

Each of the Changing Breeds — Garou included

have certain thematic elements about them. To
ignore these clements is to disrespect the breeds
Therefore, when incluxhing a Fera ina Werewolf game,
the Storyteller would benefit by knowing each species"
purpase as granted by G
Biba

The werchyenas served a noble purpose, once.
They made sure that sick and weak animals (and hu-
mans) cid not die slow, lingering deaths under the
African sun. Instead they tore these unfortunates to
shreds, Naturally, humansdidn'toften see the good that
the Ajaba did. Neither, unfortunately, did the Bastet.

And in ease it

as well as its basic flavor.

ee 7 ee

Paying « Unhgne" Character

1 wanna be just lke all the different peop

— King Mice

As discussed in Chapter Threeall characters

are unique. A player who wants to play one of the

Fera simply so he ean stand apart from the rest of

ack is probably a) trying to sponge extra

jon from the Storyteller and b) not consid-
ering how difficult doing so will really be.

The Fera are part of the world of Werewolf,

That doesnot m hat the Storyteller

wst allow them as characters, especially without

8 strong concept. Furthermore, the desire to play

a weirdo can be contagious. One player siys, ‘I

to play a Corax!" And a moment later,

you've got five players who want to play various

Fera, but no y

e's Saturday"

n, however,

who wants to p
game's title characters,

The best thing todo if you don't w
such one-upmanship is make it clear from the
beginning thar the game is Werewolf and the
characters will be a pack of werewolves. Offer waid
any player who has trouble thinking of a unique
concept. the playerisjust looking fora character
he feels is unique and special, thar's fine. Offer to
tie his character's back-story into the plot of the
chronicle somehow, so that the player feels that
his characteris indispensable to the chronicle (all
of the characters should be, of course). A player
who just wants to be different will usually go along
with char wisdom,

Aplayer who isabsolutely in love with agiven
Changing Breed, however, will attempt to plead
with the Storyteller. She will arrange her concept,
probably with the help and s ns of other
players, so that it makes some s

characrertohe hanging out with Garou. If youfind
such a player — one who understands the ramifi
cations of pla J iswilling to help you
make the character fit into the chronicle — you
can probably allow her to play her chosen charac-
tertype. Ifnothingelse,

cesforan interesting

The werecats (the Simbs especially) never goton
well with the Ajaha,and in 1984, the Simbu lord Black
Tooth led an assault on the Hyena King's home neat
Mount Kilimanjaro and slaughtered all present. Only
a handful of survivors lived to preserve the line. Now,
years later, as Black Tooth's compse becomes fodder for

the Ajaba feel

sense of hope

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Aare rary,


‘Themes: The werewolves may not have much left
bur the Ajaba have nodhig. They hae the Bastet wih
1 passion that is truly frightening, and their Rage is, for
the most part, righteous. However, since the slaughter at
the Hyena King's court, some have searched for — and

found — allies in strange places. Some Ajuba packs
include Black Spiral Dancers, and a large number of
weteliyeniashave given themselves over tothe Wyrm in
exchange for some protection. Theie themes, therefore,

include R

Anavatt

‘The Ananasi do not claim Gaia as their mother
cording to the werespiders, Queen Ananasa
her Veaver—gave birth co them
and charged them with their purpose. Their purpose is

simply co love and obey their Queen.

All Ananasi must obey when giveh orders from
Ananasa,butintienof direct orders, theydoasthey wish
The werespiders each follow one aspect of the Triat, and
so some Ananasi emulate the Wykd, some the Weaver,
J some the Wyrm (ic bears noting, however, that the
spider folk ty to emulate what each of the Triac should
ideally be,atherthan whar they are). Most Ananasi are
loners, watchingand usingotherstotheir pleasure. Some
ate vicious predators, allare blood-drinkers. Ananast are
detached ifnotsimply cold. Emotion— including loyalty
— is rather foreign to them.

‘Themes: The Ananasi were never exactly friends
with the other Fera and Garou (or "Ovid" as the
werespiders call them), ‘were already accus.
tomed to hi
others. Assuch, they don't ryps
However, the wide variety of philosophies that they
present (each Ananasi falls not only under one of the
‘Triat's auspice bur adopts a Faction within that aus-
-qually wide variety of thematic
possibilities. Some more general Ananasi themes in.
clude manipulation, harsh lessons, and horror (Ananasi
are hard to beat for sheer searines).

Zattef

The ninerribesofwerecatsh
rivals for time immemorial. Mé
Gaia," the Bastet scour the globe ferreting out secrets
of one type or another. Ir would be hard to find a group
of Fera thar resent the Garou more.

Ench'of the nine tribes has had ies own ils and
tribulationsinrecentyears, and spaceprecludesdiseussing
all of them here. However, the death of tae Simba king
Black Tooth and the peace agreement between Aftica's
Fera called the Ahaci} hasmaaie the Bastetinother ands
takenotice. While the Garou and the Bastet might never
be fiends, pethaps they could aeree to disagree

revenge, redemption, and corruption.

eben the G.

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

CES. ED AY EN

INN es:

‘Themes: Any cooperation hetween werewolf and

werecat is going to be uncasy, Ie isn't just the old "cats
and dogs' joke, either. The two specieshave never been

comfortable with each other — each ses the other asa

‘competing predator and a threat to territory. Possible

themes using the Bastet include secrets, compromise,
ypetit

tion haved on power i
G
Thewereravens also claim to fact-finders for Gaia,
fashion, and they frankly seem to be more
ous with their secrets than do the Bastet. They
share history with several tribes of Garou, and of all the

Changing Breeds, they are one most likely to be
welcome among werewolves,

stories, seduction (possibly seduc-

ead of lust), curiosity, and war

Corax are not warriors, however, and don't pre-
ind to be. A wereraven who travels with a pack of
Garou had best be prepared fordanger. While seeing a
bottle firsthand may yield some very int
they do no goad ifthe messenger doesn't live w relate
them.
‘Themes: Storiesinvolving Corax mightusethemes
(but ofa more temporal, immediately useful
than Bastet secrets), urgency, Pa

‘shox,

st accounts, the War of Rage begin because
the Gurahl would novshare their most potent he
Gifts with the Garou. They saw the werewolves as
immature and didn'tteel they'd usethe Gifts — which
included the ability to aise the dead — in the proper
manner. Regardless of exactly how it started, the
werebears were decimated in the War, and most of the
survivors went into hibernation.
Now, many ofthemarewakingup and s
have begun tocmenge. Leisstill a desperate time, but with
aia in such dire strats, even the anti-Gurahl le
don't always convince young Garou
wwerebears deserved what was inflicted upon th
Themes: If any breed is built co forgive, it's the
Gurahl. Themessuchias forgiveness, penance, renewal,
and succor areappropriate tostonisinvolving werebe:
Kihome
The mysterious werefose¢ are rarely encountered
‘outside of the Far East, and when they are, itis to act
as emissaries from the Beast Courts, See Chapter One
themati¢ information on the hengeyokai

Mckole

Designed tobe Gaia's memory, the Mokolé are the
oldest of the Changing Breeds, Many of them re

ing

nds of

at the

193



Jove and no trust forthe Garou — the werewolves
hunted them down and slaughtered them for doing
isk. Now, rats flourish everywhere,
hers of hitman force wolves to
extinction. The irony is not lost on the Ratkin. The
Ratkin are also wholly devoted the Wyld, and while
humans bui their cities up to protect them from the
chavs of che world, the rats (and the wererats) arc
always there, ready to show the humans that chaos
isn't far from home at all
Themes: Ratkin themes include madness, retri

bution, chaos, violence, cerrorismy and disease.

Rokea

The Garou are unlikely to encounter weresharks,
unless they travel by sea or frequent the coasts. Even
then, the Rokea keep to themselves. Theits isa simple
tusk and all they bave heard about the
Garou indicates that associating with the werewolves
is not conducive ro survival,

Evenso, the Rokea war on each others Those that
choose to liveon land are hunted by their sea-dwelling
hrothers, and sometimes the Garou find themselves
witness to {or caughe in the middle of) such a hunt.
The Rokea are not mindless brutes any more than the
Garou, bur they can certainly appear so

‘Themes: Appropriate th
ing the weresharks include fear, culture clash, and
frenzy. A lessdelinable, but very appropriate theme, is
the "other" — Rokea have a mindset complete!
w (or indeed any land dwell
Thealmostalien differences between Rokea and Garou
can make for exciting stories when the tw

The Whole
Worl of Darkvest

Although integrating Fera into a crossover
chronicle can be tricky, blending other game lines into
1 Werewolf ame
ing. Each of the
designed, mechanics and all, to encourage and reflect
«different theme, from "personal horror" to "modem
fantasy" — resulting in mechanics that v
system. The Humanity so important to
theme of psychological degradation i
terly absent in Werewolf, where personal degenera-
tion is the least of the Garou's worries.

The m trick, then, is to design a crossover
chronicle to your specifications from the very begin-
ning. Ifyou decide that you want an electric, balls-t0-
the-wall, dynamic Werewolf/Mage chronicle, you'll

mes for stories inwaly-

differen from has

iche-induc-

IN

want to downplay the more introspective elements of
a crossover with Changeling to be
light-hearted departure from the usual Werewolf f
talism, you reduce the ch
ying and ripping his friends limb fr
yourself what you w

Mage. If you w

Ask

id then cus

to accomplish
the chronicle's focus to that end.

Thie amest important ching is to be flexible; some
s may arise, and youdon't want to
nnton the rulestext when they do. In particular,

able ton

ke thematic decisions quickly,

ne line tropes. It'salso important

nce you've chosen the general
want things to work, you'll just
nd annoy your players by making rulings that
pattern.
that crossover chi
inge beasts, and none of the
can be expected to work exactly as you'd normally
expect them to, Don't let your players browbeat your
with

confuse:
depart from th

icles are by
nes involved

ies of "But it doesn't normally work like that!"

rules don't normally slug it out with (or work side by
side with) full-fledged Garou from Werewolf: The

Apocalypse, either. All bets are off — the chronicle is
As it should be

in your harads, not he books

Gener Ctdebnet

The crowover guidelines here are generally meant
to represent werewolves
supernatural; there simply isn't room to adress all the
other Changing Breeds. Use these guidelines as a
framework for similar judgements.
Generally speaking, when a power calls fora Rage
nosis roll to resist, a target without Rage or
is out of luck. Ifthe Storyteller deems that a subject
should have some resistance to a power of that nature,
hemay call forarollonan appropriate Virtue orsimnilar
trait (such assubstituting Courage for Rage). Gifts that
the target's Rage or Gnosis as a difficulty shouk
generally have the default difficulty of 6.

encountering other

on nosis

Non-shapeshifterscannot activate fetishes, witha
very few exceptions. A klaive in a vampite's hands is
simply an awkwardly large silver dae
and a fang dagger will do only led

hands of a non-shapeshifter. Mag

for instance;
in the

s may use their

sphere to activate fetishes, but generally: no
other entity can do so.

Other supernatural creatures
mune to the Delitium; thei
from feeling the fear ordinary humansdowhen looking
ata Crinos werewolf.

of course im
ute prevents them


Rulatie Power Levelt

Sometimes creatures will use powers that contra:

renment, however, cannot mask Wyrm:
1 the rating. A Cainite on a Path is

> mai

f

dice ing his vampiric

ture, not resisting it. This

ich other; a werewolf will use a Gift to detect his

af Clianstagox
eatpain,butcannot —
le Wy

«for the purposes of
dl other powers that specifically target such,

enemies, while a vampire uses a Discipline
hidden, Alth

relative power levels of the wo powers

sh it may be tempting to compare the

simil

remove
Gifts

mpire with detecta

tule "higher level wins," this can be often misle:
For example,a thin-blooded young Leech who sankaall
his freebie points into gaining five dots ina Discipline
would therefore be able to overcome the mighty Rank Shapeshifters
Four Garou who has been fighting vampires — and Purposes of most

Jered mortals for the

wwers. They may, for instance, roll
winning — for over a decade. Generally it's fairer to the Kiss. Most shapeshifters are
‘overcoming the lower-level one, and assign a ss thanks to the potency of
roll. Feel free to adjust the difficulty for d (fom ese pe
participants if you feel che power lev up or down for larger or
ecco voy Feel Sie cote | chy eon na
nificantly smaller blood pool, fr instance

ted
en
is of the t
ent the skills of
the two contestants, Is your chronicle

Vanporet
Ics rare thar a Vampir

ay
1 forms

clashing powers don't accurately rep

ferewolf crosover turns,

anythingbut violent;both sideshave ries,and

other sie, But it's this ancestral war that makes a cro
over between the nwo games so interesting
place; afterall, the conflicts and t

Varnpires ave considered it

ists create themsely

the power thatanimates them iss
the Wyrm, fthe Leech in
of 7 ormore, the taints


Werewolves are allergic to vampiric vitae, and are
more difficult to ghoul or blood bond. Only a few ean
ingest the stuff without violently vomiting it hack up. If
youlike. youmay eall fora GGnosisroll difficulty 3.the first
time a werewolf tastes vampire blood. Ifthe roll succeeds,
the Garou in question isamong those allergic tothe stuff;
ifitfails or botches, the werewolfhasacolerance for vita

Dtreipfines aot Gift
The following
common conilicts that might

idelines to resolve th

ise; use these as the
basis for resolving disputes based on more esoteric
powers. Asarule, Diseiplinesthat targetan opponent's
Virtue use the werewolfs Willpower instead.

* Animalism powers treat Garou in Lupus form as
if they were werewolves, not ordinary animals; no
Animalism power that specifically affectsonly animals
will haveany effect onashapeshifter of any breed. The
only difference is communication; Feral Whispers
would allow a vampire to communicate with
werewolves using wolf-speech. Powers that affect a
werewol's Beast function normally.

* Auspex powers can be used to pierce Gifts of
stealth and the like. The Psychie Projection power is
somewhat problematic, as it doesn't presume a multi-
layered Umbra, For convenience'ssake, presutne that
the "astral plane" the npire accesses is the
Shadowlands, the "Penumbra" of the Dark Umbra.

* Chimerstey illusions ust be carefully crafted 10
affect a Garou's heightened senses; assume that the
werewolf gains an automatic attempt to "prove" the
illusion's falschood (Vampire, pg. 154) unless the
‘vampire possesses Heightened Senses himself, and can
accurately construct the extra layersof scentand other
careful details.

‘© The Dominate power of Possession is not as
effective on werewolves, who are not truly mortal; ifa
werewolf target achieves three successes more than the
vampire on the resisted roll, the attempt is broken. If
the werewolf achieves five successes before br
the atrempr, he becomes immune to Dominate a
‘rempts from that vampireas if the vampirehad botched.

* Obfuscate does nor reach into the Penumbra; a
werewolf who peeks from the Penumbra will s
vampire in its true form, not as it wishes to be s
(This information is meked away in this hook for a
reason! Don't let your players abuse this privilege,
sneaky gits that they ae.)

© A Garon is at -1 difficulty on frenzy rolls when
Obtenebration ponects arc active nearby the Discipline
contacts the stuffof the Abyss, which sets Garouon edge.

* Shapeshifters may soak the damage inflicted
by the Protean power Feral Claws. Their natural

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

SRR I RS FE NTT,

ability to soak aggravated damage is considen
power such as For

# The Thaumaturgy power Theft of Vitae inflicts
one health level of lethal
every two blood points stolen. Cauldron of Bloox!
inflicts one level of aggravated damage on a werewolf
for every two blood points boiled

+ Garou heal Vielssteude altera

ns as if they

ravated damage

© NoGift can restore a vampite's lost health levels;
healing Gifts such as Mother's Touch do not work on
the u nd vampires are not inanimate objects
ubject to Reshape Object or the lke.

not prevent ghouling,although
extra dice to soak the effects of
isthatinflictdamage through
supematurally "poisonous" blood or other substances,
* The Silver Fang Gift: Mindblock works against
Presence and Dominate as direct mental attacks, and
Obfascate ava "more insidious paychic assault

Abowinationt

Oecasionally some foolish L h tries to make a
pet of a Garou, usually by means of the Embrace
Because almostall werewolves ate violently allergic to
vitae, they are accordingly hard to ghoul. By the grace

they are juct as difficult to Embrace: Most
werewolves die upon the attempt, Sadly, the Embrace
works in afew rare, anal the miserable
results are the. ions,

Vampinic werewolves are literally things that
should not be. Shapeshifters are the purest form of
primal life on the face of the planet — vampi
living death. The Embrace disconnects Garou
the world's soul, their very reason for exist
result, the leading cause of Final Death among the
dozen or so Abominations that exist at any given time
is suicide. An Embraced Gare
than the average onee-mor

re instances

named Abon

has lost far, far more

childe,

Abominations are created

n mostly the same
manner as all vampires, save that even the most
depraved Black Spiral Dancer isn't inclined to sacri
fice willingly his higher spiritual being for the powers
of the grave. Virtually all Abominations were tken

prisoner as living beings, then Embraced to enslave
them to the:

Garou receive one final chance to escape the
living death; upon the Embrace, the Garou makes a

reflexive (and instinctive) Gnosis roll, difficulty 6, t0
dhe quietly. If the roll succeeds, he dies without pain
nd his spirit travels to its destined place. If the roll
fails, he dies in torturous agony, but his spirit is free. If
the roll borches, the Garou becomes an Abomination

197


|

me A SSD

and cannot hope ever to see his Tribal Homeland. No
Discipline, Gift, ma

ic or any other sort of power short
of direct intervention by a Celestine can affect this
roll, save one — the werewolf can spend a Willpower
point (© gain an automatic success as usual (and is
almost certain to do se).

A newly Embraced Abomination takes on the
clan of hissire, learns three dots of clan Disciplinesand
n weakness as does any other neonate. He.
may spend blood points co inerease his Actributes or
heal himself like any other v

The advantages of the E

Becoming an Abom

gains the

nbrace end there.

ion resultsin che immedi-
ate Joss of two permanent points of Glory, three
permanent Honorand three permanent Wisdom. The
Embrace usually causes even mighty Garou elders to
fall at least two places in rank; indeed, a newly-turned
Abomination can even fall below Rank One, Unless
the werewolf was previously a Black Spiral Dancer, she
cannot gain Renown or rise in rank again, Only the
Uepraved Dancers acknowledge their undead rela-
tives, arid even then the Dancer gains only one-
quarter of the standard Renown awards for her deeds

Abominations also cannot spend experience to raise
their Gnosis Trait,

Upon death, the Garou's connection with the
spiritual whole of Gata ts irreparably severed. This loss
means that Ahominations cannot regencrate thei
wounds as do Garou; Abominations may heal chem
wling Blood Points.

This severing from the wellspring of life also has
severe repercussions on the Abomination's relationship
with the spirit workd. Although Abominations retain
knowles they possessed before
their Emby ake any rites other than
Wyrmn-rites work: only the most corrupt spirits ever
answer call made by a dead thing. Abominations also
cannot learn new Gifts from any spirits other than
Banes,and these spiitsarespiteful, devious teachers. At
the time of the Embrace (of, more precisely, of death),
any dedicated items or att fetishes lose their con-
nection to the once-Garou. Gaian spirits, even those
bound in fetishes, chafe at the presence of the undead
To attune himself to a Gaian fetish after the Embrace,
the Abomination may still rll
difficulty 10, aed a bow results in dhe Abomination
losing a permanent Gnosis point

selves only by sp

rsis as usual — but at

Abominations may not spend blood points fo

purpose in the same turn that they pend Gnonis, make
Gnesis rolls, spend Rage or make Rage rolls. Rage,
Gnosis and vitae all interfere with one another'
and an undead Garou can draw on
three at any given time. Abominat

aly one of the
have blood

19

"jmonam

pools according to their C
doubly potent ¢
Embrace,

Abominationse

usual — their
rou blood was drained during the
nd they must make do with normal vitae.

every scene, an Abomination must spend a Willpower
point to spend the scene with his dice pools at full. If
itwill not or cannot do. its dice pools are halved for
the sccuc. What's aot, dhe spicitless Abortions
may not spend Willpower points to goin automatic

successes on anysdice rolls.

Having been something other than human,
Abominations don't use Humanity as a system of
morality. They have a far greater stake at tisk — their
Gnosis. Iris the only thing keeping them from acting
‘on the vile impulses that grow within them in undeath
not natural urges, but seeds planted by the Wyrm
during their Embrace. An Abomination's Gnosis Trait
determines how soundly it sleepsduring the n
most cases acts.as Humanity would. (Of course, the
Abomination stillichecks for frenzy by rolling R:

Whenever an Abomination t
the ways of the Gainn Garou, whether deliberately or
unconsciously (such as in a frenzy), it risks de;
tion. The higher the Abomination's Gnosis,
likely that even aminor transgression can tear more of
his spirit from him, This is tue even for Black Spiral
Dancers — cheir usual customs and tactics are a sure
road to degeneration. The chart below isa rough guide
‘© what actions force an Abomination to check for
Gnosis loss. Ifthe vampiric Garou takes an action that
requires' a-check, it rolls Gnosis, difficulty 7 (with
modifiers at the Storytellers discretion — particularly
callous deeds might make degeneration much easier).
Failure means that it lsesa point of Gnosisirrevocably.
A botch grants the hapless creature a Derangement,
Whenall the Abomination's
longer step sideways or use any Gifts or fetishes.

nosis is gone, it can No

There is only one way to prevent thisdeg
—the Abomination can fully offer what's left of its soul
tothe Wyrm (more accurately, a power
thereof, such as a Maeljin Incama). After
black pact, the Abomi
controlled charact longer at risk; the
Wyrm sees to fueling its spiritual energy. However, the
Abomination no longer has any free will whatsoever;
‘every action it takes i at the ditection of its patron,

‘Other Changing Breedsare, if anything, even less
ed to vampiric life. A Baster, for example, begins
losing permanent Gnosis, one per moon upon the
Embrace and can never recover her loss. Eventually,
the undead cat is cut off from the spirit world entirely,
tunable to do so much as activate Gifts, Nuwisha, by
comparison, cannot undergo the Embrace — indi-

intermediary
king this

jon becomes a Storyteller

Tts Gnosis isn

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

tiny


/Merarchy of Wyrm Taitot
Gnosis Minimum Wrongdoing or Gnosis Check
10 Accidentally breaking the Li
9 Purposefully breaking the Litany; refusing
a rightful challenge: cannibalisi (deink
ing the blood of humans oF wolves)
8 Refusing roacknowledge las of achallenge
(lack of instinct); reaching Gareu lore to
Wyrm minions (inelaling v
7 Unjustlykillinga Garoususinevampisicmind-
control powers (Dominate, Presence) against
aGarou; betray aGarourtoW

6 — Trafficking with or binding spirits to
evil purposes

5 Destroying a natural place (harming
Gaia); causing a Blight to grow or fester

4 Allying with Wyrm minions (including

vampires)
Cannibalism (deinki rou blood); sa
dlism and! perversion (Black Spiral virrues)
Warring against any of the tribes

1 Destroyis

ot helping destroy a ¢:

m

viduals who try to force vampirism on the coyotes find
that the Nuwisha die quietly, one and all. Mokolé and
Corax have iteven worse, with their ties to the sun

both die the Final Death within one day of the Em-
Killing
themirrevoes ately for
everyone around him (including the vampire parent),
aMokolé Abomination spends the rest of hisexis
in a brutal, mindless frenzy, which almost always
results

brace, their lose of connection with H.

bly by the nextsunset. Unfortu

nce

the would-be sire ending up as so much
redllish goo spread across the ground. Thankfully, all
shapeshifters at least receive the standard Gnosis toll
to avoid the Embrace and die quietly

Maget

In

rictest Werewolf cosmology, reality is not
consensual itis animistic. The spirit world reflects he
physical, and can influence ica well, but reality itself
is not subject co being molded by a sufficient force of
belief. In particular, humanity is not the center of the
universe — they area very influential species, but not
the reason reality is what itis. Thiscan do some serious
them ze to the Mage elements of a crossover,
and is one of the reasons that Mage and Werewolf
don't play together as well as some might assume. But
ona technical level, very little is changed. Whether
Paradox is caused by the Weaver's rigid attempts
keep reality 1 of disbelief

wstant or by a coamie

IN

doesn't really matter when it comes to determining,
whether the dice system works the same or not

Although s

mages as they an

peshifters are not as hostile toward
foward vampires (as.a general nile

ast), there's still millennia of bad blood between the
rovo groups. Allowing a mage, even a Kinfolk mage
who'sone Garou'ssisterand another's w
lation of the Li Werewolves are quite a
that something reacts poorly to magesusing their powers,

canto cae

and the common interpretation is that a mage isn't
ended to have that power in the first place. ‘This
akes ionships difficult — bur not impossible.

The Umbra

Werewolves do not take any notice of the Avatar
Storm; whatever trait mages possess that puts them art
tisk, the werewolves don't have it, They step sideways
as al.

Outer space has a physical presence in Werewolf;
the wet is likely no higher than 1, but outer space

nd the Umbra are not one and the same

The Mage concept of the "Bygon
apply in Werewolf; the existence of freakish mon-
sters such as Thunderwyrms and Vhujunka (the mor
bidly curious are directed to the Book of the Wyrm)
ns to indicate that monsters can exist quite nicely
in the face of human disbelief. Most fantastic "heasts
fle nstate well into spirits, perhaps with the
Mater: Charm.

Dome

Most of the usual ways of creat

does not

awatedd
work
nst werewolvesas they normally would,

damage — fire, Prime-fueled effects, and soon
just as well ag
Mest effects that would involve conjuring silver are
ind the silver must be genuinely pure to have
any effect on the Garou: alloys and trace amounts are
little more than an irritation,

Werewolves
sure of protecti

spirit nature gives them mea
against some magic; in particular
Life effects will notaffect awerewolf unless paired with
an equal amount of Spirit.

olves have little difficulty

Magi may use counte: todofend chomselves

against Gifts or fetish powers that are directly targeted

at them. Thisis usually a matterof Spirit, although you

may choose to allow other Spheres to cancel certain
‘other effects, such us using Mind co cower the Gift
Roll Over. The Arete roll uses the opposing Garou's
Rank + 3s difficulty number; each success counters
one of the werewolf's successes.

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold 199

CE SS, SR TR Fe TRE


a AA

choose to allow a
countermagic against Gifts that aren't targeted di
rectly at her, s0 longs she bas sul
Spinit or other Spheres to do so. The difficulty to use
countermagic against te is always 8; the tite is
empowered notby the werewolf
spitits he invokes.
A few Ga
nist

You m:

remaster, but by the

fts can be wed as countermagic
age's effects; for instance, Exorcism may be
agic. Such efforts are entirely
at the Storyteller's discretion, and are not as effective
gic would be; the werewolf
ne of the mage's successes for every nwo

Ss counter
removes
successes he scores on his "countermagic" roll

Siepathifters and True Magic

The Changing Breeds are, one andall, incapable of
using True Magic as mages know it. Since shapechangers
are all born with shapechanger spirits, their half-pirit
nature, even before the Fist Change, makes them
Awakened beings from birth. They don't possess indi
vidual Avatars as mages know them, Instead, they tap
into the wellspring of Gaia's blessings to work theirown
tmicacles — "State magic," as mages define at. Sphere
magic is the province of humans alone; the Changing

Breeds are given gifts of a different rata

Some rare shapeshifters are able to lear certain
paths of hedge magic, Sphere magic's poor cousin.
However, its hardly common practice; when alls sil
and done, the shapeshifters' Gifts and rites are at least
as potent, if not more so. Only the most curious or
completist of the Changing Breeds feel the need to
fearn such human wizardry.

Orvating Now Shapash fers
Mages often lil n that they can do any-

thing give ne players like to try proving
ic by" 's "problem" with breeding

time, a
the

c could make sure

Thefashionin which

‘own kind has noth

their
ith genetics or, appar
to bear the odds and ensure
rou is a very dangerous form of
retically (anditwould take some-
y the lines of Occult 6 co piece this to-
wether), ensuring that a cub is bom Garou would
require the ability co find wherever it is that the spirit
halfofa newborn shapeshifter comes from (and Garou
theorze t's Gata Herself), slice off an appropriate
amount, and bind it perfectly to the child at the exact
moment of conception. Even the so-called demigod
statusof an Archmage is probably insufficient for such

ently, evolu
that a child ish
"playin
chiang ako

200

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ines,

an exacting operation, and it's damn unlikely the
Garou would be willing to let them try

A more reasonable approach would involve using
Entropy to mess with the "odde" of conceiving a truc
Garou rather than Kin. A generous Storyteller might
allow each success on the roll increase the odds of
breeding true by 1%, (an extended roll isnot possible).
However, the mage would have w be pres
conception, and most shapeshifters are sufficiently
protective of their Kin and young to remove a ma
arm just for looking funny at the honeymoon suite.
Assisting on the battlefield is one thing
powers to potentially draw down the We
on a cub is flatly intolerable

Write

The ely ointeract with wraiths
are the Silent Striders, who have often served as
intermediaries with the human dead. However, the
for Gaia causes a lot of casualties, and a crossover
Wraith story is an excellent way to confront
happy Garou with the consequences of their actions,
or to showcase the evil of their opponents by empha.
sizing the ghosts their foes leave in their wake.

as Wyrm
ularlystrong; if aweaith's
permanent Angst exceeds her permanent Willpower,
she gives off the "scent" of the Wyrm, Spectres count
as full Wyrm-creatures, each and every one.

Wraiths do not generally count as spirits for the
Purposes of rites or Gifts; they cannot be bound into
fetishes, summoned with the Rite
ordered around by Command Spirit, and soon, You're
weleome to make exceptions if they would ficthestory,
however; it might be thematically appropriate for the
Gift: Exorcism toaffect wraiths, or foraset of sanctuary
chimes to prevent wraiths fre ing. Just be

f ways to mess

using their
's wrath,

Wraiths do nor typically de sinted

unless their Shadows are part

of Summoning,

6; werewolves have
with spirits, and allowing too many of those measures
toaffect ghosts would bea bit much. Similar n
ber that wraiths are not livi s; theit Corpus
forms may render certain Gifts such as Bloody Fe
Heart of Ice u

On the flip side, werewolves
are not treated as such, even when traveling tho
the Dork Umbra. Moliate docs not work on G.
who are not made of plasm; the power of Oubliette
not hurl chem into the Tempest, and so on.

Areaves

Some Arcanoi that work on mortalshavenoeffect

‘on werewolves; others function normally, The main,
differences are listed below.


* Ifthe Scoryteller is using the optional rule that
werewolves gain Shadows in the Dark Umbra, Casti-
gate powers may be used on these Shadows, though at
+1 diffieulry
* Werewolves doomed to die donot m
deathmarks, and Fa
deathmarks (Kismet
# Wraiths may not we Inhabit to possess fetishes.
* Keening is often more effective
werewolves, passionate beasts that they are.
cesses when using Dirge will drive a werewol into
Harano for a week, while Crescendo and Requiem
force Garou listeners to make frenzy checks.
* Practitionersof Lifeweb cannot establish
Pact with a werewolf

nifest

Jism powers that focus on

nd Fatal Vision) ar

* A wraith cannot useMoliate toshapea werewolt's
form, but the weapons formed with Martialry inflict
aggravated damage.

* The Outrage power Stonehand Punch inflicts
lethal damage on werewolves; Obliviateinflictsagera-
vated damage.

* The Phantasm powers Elysia and Agon do not
work on werewolves, who do not possess the same sort
of "soul" that wraiths are used to.

Jo the Dirk Umber

The Dark Umbra isn't reached by stepping side
waysin the usual fashion; it rakesaspecial rite w dose,
or following dark paths from the Micklle Umbra ean
lead a werewolf there. But once there, werewolves
function fairly normally. They regenerate, spend Rage
and so on; the main differences lie in the atmosphere
A werewolf is a creature of vibrant life, and the
‘energies of the Dark Umbra conflict with his own
being. The difficulty to use any Gift is increased by
while in the Dark Umbra; Gifts that do not re
rolls function normally. Garow appear as robust, lumi-
nous beings to a wraith's Lifesight, which makes tra
cling »rather difficult. A werewolf may spend
Gnosis point to "drop out" of the Shadowlands into.
the physical world at any point; if farther from the
Shadowlands, the Gnosis expenditure only gives the

back to the Middle

werewolf asenseof the closest rout
Umbra proper

Ax the Storyteller's discretion, shapeshufters may
acquire temporary Shadows (usually of the Abuser,
Freak or Monster sort) for the duration of theirstay. A
shapechanger's Shadow has Angst equal to the
shapeshifter's Rage (minimum of 1), and wharever
Thorns the Storyteller deems appropriate

Shapeshifoer Wrath

‘Upon death, a shapechang:

travels to her Umbral hon
with G.

s spirit half usually

nd, there to be
Even individuals that return to aid their

friends and descendants (us
‘one with Past Life) do so as
wraiths

However, there areafew exceptions. Rarely, when,
a shapeshifter dies with just a touch of Wyrm-taincon

lly through riding some

Acestor-spirits, not as

fru way of things —and a powerful desire
to complete some business unfinished in life, he awak
ens in the § a wraith,

The wraith of a former shapechanger gains no
special abilities from her former life. She ts considered
a wraith like any other; even so simple a thing
shapeshifting is impossible without the aid of Moliate
Her Corpus takes the form of her self-image, whether
that be humanlike, a wolf, or even Crinos form. How
ever, her Attributes are not altered by whatever shape
she finds herself in — her form is
perception, nothing more. The character becomes a
waaith ia all aspects, with her base Homid Attributes,
her usual collection of
Primal-Urge, are now useless to her) and nothing
more. She no longer possesses Raye ot Gnosis. Het
Gifts no longer work; nor do her rites or any othet
ability outside the ken of wraiths. In essence, she is
nothing more than a wraith. However, the new possi
biliticsof wraithly existence allow herto explore
rarely seen by any other shapeshifter. Ihe tightagainst
the Wyrm, as personified by Spectres (to a wraithly
Garou's perception, anyway), continues even in the
Shadowlands

wadowlands a

matter of self-

The worst fight of all, of course, comes from the
tiny seed of Wyrm-taint that lay withi
soul at the time of her death — from which soon
blossoms her Shadow. A shapeshifter's darker half is
more bestial by far than that of most humans.

Dangelnge

The stereotype presumes that the F
most truck with change!
couldn't care less. Howeve
ceasly defy this stereotype. A Silent Strider could strike
up a friendship with an equally nouuadic estan; a side
delegation might dem

nna have the
and that other tribes

lingcrossovercan

d to strike bargains with the
Garou's own nobility, meaning the Silver Fangs; Bone
Gnawers might make the acquaintances of the goblins
of the inner city, and so on. Although Garou have Little

interest in the changelings' conflicts, and the fae would

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold 201

CES, ETP UD a UN


likely avoid being drawn into
actually works out for the be

he werewolves' war, this without question,

it disobeying without good reason

ome enemies aun

rer chronicle may make the d

could be a wonderful dance of diplomacy and traces, fae who want to ee the ancient pacts upheld.
with each side tying to enlist the other's atl without — ye ay ihe Other
mitting to too much in I, deals with

lary for the wgelings are fae souls born into human beies;

he fie ae leg iy a fool
approaches negotiation with ravening werebeasts with: shapechanger souls born into
er haingat| = shapechanger bodies. A newborn is one. the other or

nply human. Although i's possible to have change

who are technically Kinfolk (though with no

Mkt

Obviously, the Actor Re
shapeshifcers spirits
heStoryteller'sdiscretion

access to Gifts or other Gaian powers) or werewolves
with a touch of the fa
be fully both.

or affect obser hontert

ns of Haunted Heart. may Most crossover stories involving Hunter: The
re likely to be hostile, although the short
IP against a c

* Chicanery p
numb
here. Certain applicat

ney check wher
erdemain to control a fetish, the
ing must beat the fetish in a resisted roll — the
cling's Willpower versus the fetish's C
My Strike infli
aked by shapeshifters

© Any changelings withina mileofaFiann
the Gift: Faerie Kin may make a Willpower
difficulty 8, to resist the summons. The

Hunters can hardly hope to match a werewolf
right combat, but their

wwers can make them

credible opponents — if they're clever about it

© The Primal art of F

Conviction will protecea hunter against all man:
(illus

of the

vated damage, which ean be

ormind-affecting Gifts, from the humble

the Fianna's call do not have to obey the werewolf


Curse of Aeolus) can affect a hunter's senses, but
purely supernatural effeets don't work. At your disere
tion, you might rule that particularly powerful et
might have a chance of overcoming this
such a case, you can call for a primary
against an appropriate difficulty (6 for a Rank 5

chapeshifter eo 8 for an Inearna)

However, a hunter's second sight does not reach
into the Umbra; werewolf in the Penumbra sas good.
asinvisible. A hunter's Conviction does protect against
supernatural attacks targeted from the Umbra, such as

the Possession Charm. The only exception is that

imbued are able to target ghosts in the Shadowlands.
Second sight marks Kinfolk as "off," while Dis
cem, Witness and Illuminate all reveal Kin as the

Hood re!
Set
Most E
supernat
tion. Unless otherwise st
Gauntletandatlectspirtsor werewolvesin the Penumbra

tions of shapechangers.

Chapter Five: Breaking the Mold

Sh

I

# Illuminate works even on shapeshitters who

have used Gifts such as Thousand

different forms.

Penumbral denizens cannot approach the hunter's im

mediatearea. The mark leftby Brand reruains inall forms.
* A shapeshifter may step sideways to negate the

effects of Burden. Balance can be used to prevent the

age or C

‘orms to take wildly

wsis. Shapeshifters revealed to on.
Jookersby the use of Expose typically induce Delirium
as if they'd shifted to the appropriate form

htened Senses allows a werewolf to detect

The bibuing
For obvious reasons, werewolves cannot be Im-
bued. Ever. However, neither can Kinfolk. Whatever

their strange gifts, it apparently is able to recognize
Kinfolk, and never chooses them for the [mbuing
Even those Kinfolk ignorant of their nat
chosen; they are simply too close to the supernatural,
and therefore not sufficient guardians of hu

203

LEON



Kak Gala Nad Vavtfith

gs, the Mo'

Worm and dhe Weaver threatened 1

children, spi 1 the delicate

Parts of Herself came fo

d Herrage and
mn, the Garowand

he tiger, swam

ch the fish, flew with
across the lanel with the
found anew way t

richness of Her s, Black Fury Galliand,

Kami Came To

How th

mi OCCUPY 8 unique
place in the universe, Some Gan ribe them to

cubs as"

i," an imperfect way of describing
the unique blend of spirit and material existence. Like

wt Kami exist

spirit children
pany of the
into the Un
their back on the phy
their manifested forms but hid themsel

fomor,

iritsembodied in physical

hosts, fusing together the material and immaterial

world. Unl

¢ the fomori, however, in which the
Others chase to rem

n the w

melding of Bane and flesh (or matter) results in the
corruptio

tual degeneratis

the physical

Chapter Six: Odds and Ends 205

SRS re EE, EL ER ST


|

host, Kami forma seamless union between the physical

and the spiritual, one that works for the express pur

pose of manifesting Gaia's love for Her creation,
Kami are excellent elements to odd sparingly toa

chronicle — they are the rare and wondrous im:

tations of Gaian spirits, living reminders that the
Mother and Her chiklren are not defeated yet. The
presence of 4 Kami indicates dhat ia still touches
Her creation, that the Garou are not wholly without
allies in the physical realm. Although an encounter
with a Kami should be appropriately singular (these
entities are not ones to overuse), it ts this very rarity
that can leave your players with the feeling that
they've just participated in an encounter that few
people are worthy of experiencing.

Gata Pinot Doren

Ancient legends speak of a tim

the whole world with expressions of Her spiri
the Garou, before the other Changing Breeds, the
Kami walked the earth in their many forms: Because
the Gauntlet had not yet risen, so the stories go, the
barrier hetween spirit and fleshdid nor yer exist. Spirits
could manifest whenever they wanted, and Gaia
them permission to take on the forms best suited for
them whenever they chose,

Kami delighted in the profusion of forms their
Mother had created, expressing themselves as the
spirits of mountains, rivers, trees, plants, animals and
other growing things. Kami even assumed the shapes
of humans, enjoying the many forms oF communte
tion and expression available to those creatures

The insanity of the Wyrm andl its growing power
have made the creation of Kami increasin
difficult for Gaia. Today, new Kami appe

ly more
only rarely
When sucha momentous event occurs, all the spiries in

the vicinity gather towitness themiraculousbirth. Mose
Kamiare created when aGaian spirit possess ahuman,
animal or even plant host in a symbiotic joiing such as
that ofa fomor, although a few actually come about as
aresult of more-or-less permanent mater

ning of a portion of land.

Tilly Relations

tion, oras

Kamit have little occasion to

ng Beoede. Usu
ares, Kami preserve their secrecy jeal
ws the wrath of those that discover their
tue identity. Only the wisest Theurges know their
the legends thar cell of the Kami. These elders, hailing
from a proud race as they do, seldom tell the stories of
children who predate them in their Mother's favor.

iy colitary
and shy

ously,

206

i

The same holds true for the Fera, who frequently share
the G:

that

arou's reluctance to acknowledge (or believe)
thers came before them.
Occasionally, when the nced arises, Kami interact
with the Garou or with other Changing Breeds. These
encountersalwaysdependon the individualsinvolved.
Kami can usually sense whenever one of their distant
cousins will react with favor — or at least without
hostility — to their appearance
ature a lesser manife

Because of their
Gaia, Kami rarely work dicectly
ofthe Mothersotherchildrer
command by
themselves in need of assistance from the Garou or
from other Kami. In these instances, they emenge from
isolation and make theirdesires known. Because Kami
tend roliveasrecluses, however, they seldom know the
ins and outs of Garou culture or philosophy. They
know nothingof the Litany, of Garou ribesorauspices
and even less of the internecine squabbles that make
‘up much of Garou society. The same holds true for the
Kami's knowledge of other Fera

Manifittations of Ciatat Bounty

All Kami share certain benefits granted to them by
Gaia. Every Kami possessesan intelligence that at least
equals thar of must humans, even cough their though
processes may differ considerably from those of human-
kind. The thoughts of a bied-Kami, for example, while
‘more cohesive and sentient, than those of normal birds,
do nor at all resemble the thoughts of a Kami with a
human host. Instead, the thoughts reflect matters of
concern to binds — wind pattems, the changing of the
seasons, the abundance ot lack of food, the presence of
predators and possible threats to themselves.

Shapeshifters, spirits and other supernat
tures with spiritually aware senses (which might ine
clade some mages, but would certainly exclude va
pires) can sense an aura of holiness or spirituality
foun Kami. This ral

ons of

crea

announce the presence of one of G:
dren. Anyone feelingthisemanation|
thing wondrous is nearby

Most Kami have a yuln
metal. Any Kami injured by a weapon or object mace
from their particular baneful substance takes aggra-
vated, non-soakable damage.

Like Gaia's other children, Kami possess Gnosis.
ome, bur not all, Kami passess Rage as well. Both
Gnosis and Rage replenish themselves at the
Storyteller's discretion. Kami that possess Rage have

bility to some sub-

os, plastic, worl ot

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

——


do, though the
reasons for the frenzy cording to the
nature of the individual Kami. Health levels depend
ize of the Kami, Kami with animal, small plant
or human hosts haves many Health Levels.as normal
examples of those types would have. Large Kami, such
asthose inhabiting ti
hcalth levels and are more difficule to destr
most impossible to destroy

the potential for frenzy,

es, boulders, or rivers have more

Vy prov

eal expose,

Some Kami ma
a prohibition, such as a
whisperor ths
color orm
tion of th

in degree from serious tofaral, dependin

ban on speaking above
ability to wear clothing of par
uni with human hosts). Vick

result in consequences that range

nthe nature
of the cransgeession,
Kini Powers

The powers listed below provide examples of the
kinds of abilities Kami possess. Each Kami manifests its
‘own unique powers, appropriate to its host. Storytell-

he powers enumerated here or may

rown to refl achKami
(Gifts provid i).
Even two Kami with oak trees as hosts may differ in
their powers.
ince Kami are intended primarily as Storyteller
rather than as player characters, no fixed
teller
wishes to allow one or more of her players to play a
she can adapt the character genera
tion rules from Werewolf: the Apocalypse or else
‘come up with her own guidelines. The number and
type of powers available to a Kami should remain
consistent with the Kami's host ereature and shoul
pertain to the Kam's purpose in the world.

* Animal Affinity — Kami with this power may
nfluence animals. The affected animal views the Kart
id the Kami

characte

rules for cha on appear Tf a Se

wed co
in whatever way possible, according «
stinets, No roll i necessary for normal a
power resembles the Philodox Gift: King of the Be:

* Animal Communication — The Kara enjoys the
ability tee ce with animals ofany kind, as well as
the "beast tongues" of shapeshifters in their animal forms.

The Kami possess the knowledge ofall forms of animal
speech and m: » ther through the sounds anal
bouly gestures normal toeach particularanimal. Although
the Kami may make sounds and movements, the actual
communication takes place telepathically. This power is
akin to the Galliard Gift: Beast Speech.

Chapter Six: Odds and Ends

SES SN FO STU

IN ee

* Animal Powers — A Kami with this powermay
change itsform to enable itself ro take on some animal
aspect, or its host form already possesses one or more of

spend a point of Gnosis for each transformation, re
sgandless of the number of powers such a shift in form
provides. For example, a Kami may gain a wolf's

that ofa wolf, Even though thischange affects three or
more senses, the Kami need expend only a single point
of Gnosis. If, however, the Kami wishes to achieve the
ben

of claws in addition to he
must spend two points of Gnosis —one for the height
ened senses and one for the claws. A Kami whose!
form is that of a wolf, however, gains the natural
powers of its animal form without expending Gnosts
Additional examples of Animal Powers include fangs,

0st

prehensile tails, water breathing, wings andl fins

* Animal Summons (Cost: 1 Gnosis) — A Kami
uses this power to summon animals to its aid. The
Storyteller esthe numberand typeof anitnals
that respond te the summons. Regardlessof the
number of animals thar answer the call. the Ka
Gnosis expenditure remains the same. This power
resembles the Lupus Gift: Beast Life
1 Willpower) — Inanimate
this power, Though most inanimate Kami 1
poser or

tivity, a few maintain it
ves the ability
of physi

almost conti
‘walk, run or perforin some other form
atany time they sodesite.Ifn
todetach itself from the earthorsome other object
it must spend two points of Willpower. For example, a
Kami tree must uproot itself from the earth in order to
walk; thus, usin
The effe

its inani

this powercosts2 pointsof Willpower.
sof this power last until the Kami returns to
fe form or for one scene.

‘* Aura of Tranquility — Kami with this power
radiate an aura of peacefulness that calms everyone
within its area, whether allies or hostile creatures
Shapeshifters may not use Rage, vampires find them
selves unable to frenzy and any others find it almost
impossible to commit violent actions. Inonderto invoke
this power, the Kami must roll Charisma + Empathy
liffculty of the targee's Willpow gots who fail
the roll may not act in a violent fashion. The Ka
affect more than one rarget with this power but
ike a separate roll for each individual tar

* Autumn's Blessings — The Kami can bri
the appearance and effects of autumn toan area,

wes change color, animals prepare for winter by

207


|

storing up food and the we
autumn, Sudden changes, s
fall at once from cs in the designated
cost the Kami one Gnosis point to effect. but erachial
changes earry no cost. Kami with this power become
aware of individuals who have passed the prime of life
and are nearing late maturity
* Child of the Elements (Cost: 1 Gnosis)

Kami with this power may summon elementals of the
type most suited to them. For example, a Child of Earth
may summon an earth elemental, while a Child of Fire

nthe aspects of
ngthe leaves to

the

can call a fire elemental to ity service. In order to do
this, the Kami must roll Manipulation + Expression
(difficulty 7), Each success allows the Kami tosummon
though the Kami may only control as
many elementals as its rating in Wits. Most Kami
possessing this power can summon only one type of

ntal, but Kami whose hosts combine elements
wental of either sort. Thus,a Child of
on either fire or water clementals,

may summon elementalsof water
or earth-Often, Kami children of the elements possess.
other powers appropriate to their element.

* Command the Earth (Cost: varies) —The Ka
ues this power to subject the earth to its will.

"'scommand, the earth can forn

earthquakes, landslides, rockfalls or any other natural
phenomena. This power costs one point of Gnosis for
minor effects such as a small patch of desert of a minor
rockfall. Major effects, such as the transformation of a

large area into a quicksand mire or occurrence of an
earthquake, cost two oF more points of Gnosis.

* Curse of Gaia (Cost: 3 Gnosis) — Kami
use this power to place a curse on anyone that disrupts
the will of the Mother or upsets the balance of the
natural world ¢ Kami determines the nature of the
curse, which may vary from relatively minor —such as
a run of bad luck — to
alflctions. The nay induce Harano in a
namortaloffendertostone, inflicta wasting disease
onanindividu earth toengulf the cursed
victim, The nature of the curse is up to the Kami (or
the Storyteller). Most Kami can inflict only one
and one minor type of eure

* Enchanting Voice (Cost! 1 Gnosis) With
thispower,the Kami can enthrall anyone that he:
song, The listener must make a Willpower roll (di

culty of the Kami's Charisma + Performance)
to avoid being drawn

does not grant the Kami anyadditional power over the
victim, If the Kami wishes to enlist the victim's assis-
tance or punish the targeted individual, it must do so
through the use of other powers or abilities

208

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ata siian! A

* Gaia's Summons (Cost: 1 Gnosis, 1 Wille
power) — A Kami with this power may cal to itself
‘one of the Mother's forces or creatures. Kati may
summon Wylding reat Beasts, totem spirits or, in
some instances, a particular group of Garou or Fera
(ie, all Ragabash in an area), Summoned creatures
feel inclined to act in the best interests of the Kami
that called them. Those who wish to resist the eum.
monsmust make aresisted Willpower roll against their

* Great Destiny — The Kami exist fora signifi
‘cant purpose and nothing short of the completion of
that goal can stop it. Miracles occur in the vicinity of
the Kami whenever something threatens the success.
fulaccomplishment of its purpose. Not even death can
stop tuntil it has fulfilled che destiny chosen for it by
the Mother. This is, for obvious reasons,
rarest powers, suitable only for Kami that are destined
to play a significant part in the chronicle.

* Heart Sense (Cost: 1 Gnosis) — A Kami with
this power can see into the heart or essence of an
individual and ascertain whether that ereatute be-
longs primarily rorhe Wyld, the Wyrm or the
Additionally, Kami with Heart Sense can identify an
individual's connections to the past (such as that
granted by the Ancestors Background), determine a
person's innocence or guilt,
and desires or discover the true form of someone in
anothershape. The Kami must succeed ina Perception
+ Empathy roll (Difficulty 7). Each success provides

al ink
lity — This power provides the
ih one to five points of Starnina (Storyteller
ion) for use in soaking damage. Kami with this
generally in some way, such
as skin wit

e of the

Weaver.

meone's dreams

carapace or an exoskeleton, Kami with stone host
bodies frequently possess this power.

* Longevity — Although Kamiare not immortal,
many pewsess this power, which greatly extends thei
normal" lifespan, slowing down their life processes
and causing them to age very gr Kami with
human hosts may live for two of three centuries, while
Kami insects may live for several months (a phenom:
cenally long lifetime!). Mountain Kami ot animate
lands with thispower have allife expeetaney that might

Finite compared to those of mortal crea-
hout this power, a Kami "lives" only as long

as its host's normal life spa

* Lord of the Land — A Kamt with this power
ns constantly aware of everything that takes
-e within its territory. The most common Kami to
possess this power include plant or tree Kami, moun-


tain orriver Kami or anit
power at no cost

# Mask Presence (Cost: 1 Gnosis) — For the
duration of one scene, a Kami with thie power can
prevent others from seeing, hearing or otherwise de:

ate lands. Kami may use this,

tecting its presence, This power can manifest itself by
making the Kan ple or by camouflaging or
otherwise disguising it. Occasionally,
ply causes those in the vicinity of the Kami to ignore
ita if it were now the

# Mega-Strength — The Kami possesses an addi
tional one to five points of Strength. Mountain Kami,
shade trce Kami or Kami with large animal hosts tend
to have this power

* Mother's Healing — This power functions as
the Theurge Gift: Mother's Touch.

# Peaceful Fighting — Kami with this powermay
defend themselves without causing lasting phy
damage to their opponent. The Kami fights normally,
hut each health level of damage it causes lasts only as
long as the rei

ne puwver sia

nder of the scene. The opponent
hheals completely when the scene is over. If the Kami
deals a numberof health levels of d

as the oppom
tunconseio
meantime, the

nina, the opponent falls
the endof thescenc. In the
s the opportunity to leave the
vicinity of otherwise take itself out of harm's way.

* Piercing Gaze (Cost: 1 Gnosis) — The Kami
can make whoever it looks at feel as if her soul has
bared itself tothe Kami. Victims of this power become
agitated and tense. Occasionally they succumb to
anger or some other injudlicious emotion. Even Kami
who do not possess physical eyes (such as plant Kami
‘oranimate lands) « se thispower to make individu-
als in their vicinity feel

if someone oF somet!
watching them. Kamiuse this power torepel
drive unwanted creatures from their lands or force an
individual co confess some hidden crime or great
secret

* Plant Animation (Cost: varies)
enables the Kami to animate plant
trees, shrubsor other formsof vegetation ton
not normally available to them. The Storyteller deter:
‘mines what each affected planteando. Rosesmay lash out
atan intruder, scratchingthe individual with theirthoms.
Vines may entangle the Kami's victims, while a tree's
massive limb may reach out and wrap itself around an

Wy, causing severe crushing damage. Plants persess
cone to three points of Dexterity and one to 10 points of
Strength, A patch of animated grass may have only one
point ofstrength, while an animated redwood trce would
almost certainly possess maximum Strength (10 points).
The cost in Gnosisto the Kami using this power varies in

ene

Chapter Six: Odds and Ends

CE a ER AL FY ERIE

ee

relationtothenumber ofplant

causing damage. K use this power to affce
small number of treesora larger numberof
power grants Kami the friendship of all plants. Animated
plants come to the Kami's assistance whenever possible
This power ako grants Kami the ability to speak with
plants. This ability resembles the Calliard Gift: Beast
Speech, except that it pertains to plants rather than
animals. Even though plantsdo not possess true sentience,
nuse thispowerto leam what transpiresin any
aiven area from the plants that grow there.

‘# Regeneration —Kami with thispower have the

fecredandthe potential

« Silent Speech — This power givesthe Kami the
ty to communicate without speech. Similar to
telepathy in many respects, it bypasses language alto:
gether. Thus, a Kami may use this power to speak to
individuals from many different cultures at once, se-
sgardless of their native language. Each person
ture hears the Kami asif it were speaking the la
moat fomiliar to the recipient.

* Skinchanger Kinship — Kami with this power
enjoy the friendship and confidence of one of the
Changing Breeds, to which they are attuned. The most

mon version of this power s Garou Kinship (ow-
ing tothe decline of the other Breeds), but aKami may
possess Kinship to any shapechanger race, even the
Rokeaor Ratkin. Thispower is the equivalent ofa Pure
Breed rating of three.

* Spirit Awakening (Cost: 1 Gnosis) — Kami
with this powercan awaken spirits in a manner similar
tothe Riteof Spirit Awakening, though the Kami only
‘needs ro spend one tum to rouse the targeted spirit

© Spirit Charms — Some Kami possess certain
spirit Charms, such as Reform, Break Reality or Airt
Sense. Kami that use these powers may of may not
assume certain aspects of the spirits that most co
monly possess these Charms. Only those Kami pos
ing Umbral Passage may have this power. Kami tend to

yguage

use Gnosis to power these Charms, but occasionally
they may use Rage for appropriate Charms,

* Spirit Sense — The Kami can look into the spitit
world and speak to any spirits it happens to see even
though the Kami itself remains in the physical world.
Spring's Blessings — This power functions in a
manner similar co Autumn's Blessings, except thar it
enables the Kami to cause an atea to take on the
aspects of spring. Plantsin the targeted area sprout and
bud, animals em

from hibernation or feel the urge
to mate and the temperature takes on the mikiness of
spring Using this power, Kami may also identify preg

209


a

210 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook
L ——— is

© Universal Tongue — Kami with this power

can speak the language of and communicate with all

living creatures.

© Winter's Blessings — Kami can cause a desig
nated area ro manifest signs of winter. Plants wither
and become dormant or die, water freezes in ponds and
Jakes, animals that hibemate seek places to undergo
their scasonal slumber and the air becomes cold with
the feel anc! smell of winter, Kami can create gusts of
frvezing ait as weapons, similar to the Wendigo Gifts
Cutting Wind and Chill of the Early Frost, though
they must spend one point of Rage todoso. Kami with
this powercan sense individuals whoapproach the eral

of thetr lives and some Kann can even use this power
tosee into the Dark Umbra

* Wyldkin — Kami with this power tend
possess powers similar to creatures of the Wyld. Thes
Kami can create elements and often manifest the
arms common to Wyldling spirits. Spirits of the
Wyklconsierthe Kamiasoneoftheirown and feel an
inclination (© assist the Kami so long as it does not
order them to do something that goes against their
instinets. A Kami thar arrempts to force a Weld spirir
toact counter to its narure must succeed in an opposed
Willpower roll and risks alienating the Wyldling. The
Kami can also use this power to summon Wyld
Each successattractsone spirit. The Ki
a numberof spirits equal to its Wits
possible that a Kami might
ness of Wyrm and Weaver has seriously eroded each
Celestine's relationship with Gaia
Kai Woakvatter

Just as Kami enjoy access to powers granted €©
them from Gaia, hey also pay a price for these powers
in the form of geasa or prohibitions. These bans or
taboos serve several purposes within the contextof the
game, With regard to game mechanics, they provide a
counterto the powersof the Kami, making these spirit

creatures a little more than just a collection of neat
abilities, Storycellers might want to assign one geas for

arissna + Expression (dlifticuley 7).
ji may control
ing. It's er

every three or four powers or else content themselves
with giving each Kami a single ban regardless of how
many abilities it possesses.

Within the story itself, Kami take on anaddlitional
depth and a hine of tragedy when they exhibit certain
weaknesses. Many legends ascribe bans ot taboos to
heroes, who often face their undoing throueh a trap
based on these prohibitions.

The following list offers some examples of geasa
appropriate for Kami. Not all of these bans will sait all

IN ee

Kami, Storytellers should pick and choose the most
relevant ones for their Kami characters or else feel free to
make up their own. Storytellers also have the option, of
coatrse, fo ignoe the i

Penalties for viol:
of some or all ofits powers, diminution of Attributes,
Joss of Gnosis, Rage or Willpawer or utter dissolution,
deper ion and the

of Kami weaknesses entirely

nof a geas can vary from loss

Circumstances under which it was broken, Gata enacts
thepenaltyat the time (and the Storyteller determines
the nature of the punishment).

* Barefoot — The Kami must never wear shoes or
any sortof foot covering. This
applies for Kami with human or clothes-wearing hosts

* Color Ban — The Kami may not wear clothing
or ornamentation of a particular color, While this
lly toapply to Kami humans only, this ban
ao includes animal collars, saddle blankets, ribbons
tied around tree limbs and even spray painted graffiti
on rocks.

* Gender Ban — The Kami may not spe
directly roa man (or a woman), Any communication
with the banned gender suse take place dhrough an
intermedi:

weas, needless to say, only

* Indirect Movement — The Kami may not move
inastraight kine, but must alwaystake an indirect path
to its goal.

* Question Ban — The Kami may never answer
adirect question.

© Rover — The Kami may not call any single
place home. A Kami with this ban may not sleepin the
same "bed" or spend the night in the exact same spot
two nights in a row. Kami must have the capacity for
this geas,

mobility to posse
* Silence —
performing its appointed task. [¢ must make its wishes
known by other means.
© Substance Ban — The Kami may not come into
contact with a particular substance, such as wood,
silv

The Kami may not speak while

yold, plastic, water, etc
© Thankless — The Kami may neither

thanks to anyone who assists it nor accept thanks for

itsassistance. In addition, it may not explain itsappar-
u

c tefulness without violating the ban.

Ka) araters

ples of several different types of Kami, ceo

hove a whisper, even when calling for help,

heirhost forms. Storytellers may use these ch,

ters as presented here or may alter them to suit thei

|


|

ee A

chronicles. These examples can also serve as guidelines
for creating Kami characters in general. As a rule of
thumb, Storytellersshoukl begin by designinga" normal"
cereature to serve as the Kami's hest. then modify that
creature by customizing Attributes and Abilities and

appropriate powers and one oF more yeast

Part ard Arial) Heth

Plant
\l her aware

id animals infused with Gaia's essence
Ik of Kami existing
e Kami possess telepa

in the workd tod.

thy and some ma have the ability to communi-
cate in one or more human languages. While many
animal or plant Kami are indistinguishable from their

normal counterparts,
about ¢

quality

(a mushroom ring), 4 I hosts have

I plant
powers given to them by C

sever:
possess at le

Now buth the Phunfer

Kami Type: Animal Host (Feral eat)
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Socials Charisina 5, Manipulation 3, Appea
Mentals Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3. Brawl 4. Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 1, Leadership 3,
Stealth 5, Survival 5
Knowledges: Euiginas 4, Investigation 3, Lingutsties 4
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Ancestors 5 (may contact
prehistoric cats), Contacts 3
Powers: Animal Kinship, Animal Powers (Catfeet,
Claws, Heightened Senses), Animal Sammons (ani
:malsof the forest and field), Heart Sense, Long-Lived,
Mask Presence, Mother's Hi
lent Speech, Universal Tran
i nosis: 8; Willpower: 10
Health Levels OK, <1, 1,-2.5
Attacks: Bite (Str + | aggravated damage); Claws (Str
+ 2 aggravated damage).
Bans: Rover, Whisper-Bound
Mow'ruth gets two attacks per turn, one from his bite
andl one from his claws

Image: Mow'ruth appe: ad (25+
poundk) longhaired brown andblack tabby tomeat. Many
Jhumanswhosee him mistake him fora feral Maine Coon
ound hisneck anda full, bush-like tail. His woice
nvexistent, resembling a kitten's scratchy ery
smeow. He pursrarelyand

ance 3

ling, Piercing Gaze, Si-

inaulibly. He understands any language and can tele-
pathically communicate his wants to others

ints: Mow'ruth lives in the wild
Hampshire. Gaiahas charged him
with overseeing the balance of "his" realms and making
certain that the encroaching human population does
not extend too far. He accomplishes his task in various
ways — by appearing to lead lost humans wv safety, by
acting as ahidden menace and frightening off intruders
and by conducting guerrilla warfare on unwary campets
hikers. Hecan and sometimes does befriend humans,
bur refuses any attempts at domestication.

History: Mow'auth remembers the coming of the
Europeans and their Garou kin to North America. He
used to have contact with the Native Americans, who
acknowledged him as a spirit-creacure and gave him
offerings from their hunts. He finds his Rage at the loss
of the Mother's wil places growingby leapsand bounds
and strugeles to maintain his equanimity and focus.

Athina, the Stoftering Maple
Kami Type it Host (Maple Tree)

Physical: Strength 12, Dexterity 0/3 (when animate},
Stamina 10

ima 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alcreness 2, Brawl 2,
tion 1, Primal-Urge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 5, Survival 3
Area Knowledge (South Carolina Pied-
5, Enigmas 3, Medicine |

kgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 2
Powers: Animal Summons (nearby animals), Ani-
mate Self, Lord of the Land, Mother's Healing, Peace-
chring, Plant Animation, Spirit Charms (Break
lity, Possession), Spirit Sense
Rage: 4; Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 10
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-1-2-2,+'
acitated
Attack: Branch Swat (Ste + 1 bashing damage)
Bans: Substance Ban (plastic), Thankless

Image: Arbina is a large maple tree with broad
wide-spreading crown of leaves. She makes

her home in the Piedmont region of South Carol
where she provide: onimal:

spay 3, 11

1-5, Inca

ehelter for smi and nu:
merous species of binds

Roleplaying Hints: Arbina watches with growing
alarm as the expanding urhan centers encroach on her
home and threaten the small creatures that depend
more and more on her for their survival, She has
occasionally roused herself to. walk in human form,
exacting vengeance on thase whodeliberately despoil

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

Ty,


the wilderness and she may prove helpful to Garou
who ask her politely for assistance. Her sap possesses
healing properties (Mother's Healing)

he as yet. Though she has
20 years, she has seen
wing turmoil in the Umbra caused by the
igain to do what she ean to respond
twits threat. She believes that the Garou may hold the
key to fighting the red star, but she isreluctant to place
herself in their debr.

Nortel Vath

Mortals who become hosts to Kami retain their
human souls but acquire an added dimension. Some
humans da not realize precisely what they are but call

themselves
They blend reasonably well into human society, and
sometimes give rise to local legends or "tall tales"
similartothose of Johnny Appleseed and Paul Bunya

On Mav Fither
Kami Type: Mortal Host
Age: 70?
Physical: Stre
Soe Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 1, Empathy ibterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken (fish) 5, Craft (fishing) 5, Survival 4
Knowledges: Ex
(Marine Biology) 5
nds: Allies (fisherfolk) 4, Resources 1 (ock! job
Animal Kinship (sea creatures), Aura of
Tranquility, Gaia's Curse (causes trouble for those
who over-fish the nearby lake), Heart Sense, Piercing
Aask Presence, Transformation (fish)
Rage: 1, Gnosis: 10, Willpower: 9
Health Levels: As a human
Ban: Barefoot
Image: Old Man Fisherstoops rather than stands. He
appearsin his mid-70's, though hisbuild implies a hardier
constitution than his years might suggest. He dresses in.
worn, patched clothing. Histhinning hair ismostly white
and he wears it ina stragely ponytail. He never wears
shoes and his feet are covered with thick calluses.
Roleplaying Hints: Old Man Fisher lives near a
large fishing lake surrounded by a small village and
many vacation es. He believes that aliens ab-
ducted him when he was young and charged him with
protecting aquatic life of all kinds. He instructs loc
children in respect for water creatures and makes

wssengers," "aliens," or even "angels."

2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

as 4, Investigation 3, Science

Chapter Si

EE a a SR Fe

I

certain that no one over fishes the lake he considers
his territory. He can be a formidable opponent as well
asa staunch ally.

had his encounter with "aliens.
experience opened his spirit to Gaia's infusion of her
own essence, giving the young man a new life as one of
name and simply goes by the name He isa

A near drowning

isher
local "character" in his community and though many

people make fun of him, none can deny his powerful

auraof peacefulness when they come into his presence

Abtwate Lani

Gaia occasionally infusesan entire region with her
essence, awakening the very
The land bee

plants and a

rth to consciousness
nntient entity and all the
it dwell on it act as part of the
land's "body." Occasionally, humans may live on and
work the land so long as they do nothing disrespectful
toit. Animate Lands regain Gnosis more quickly than
other Kami, replenishing their supply chree oF four
times a day if necessary.

Primecal Fornth
Kami Type: Animate Land (forest)
Physi Not applic:
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6
Talents: None

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Ph

1 Lore 8

ns, Autu
Blessings, Child of the Elements (all), Comm:
Earth, Curse of Gaia (cause technology to
Vicinity), Heart Sense, Lord ofthe Lang, Piercin
Plant Anim Kinship, Spirit Sense, Sprin

Summer's Blessings, W

Blessings, ‘inter's Blesings
Gnosis: 10; Willpower: 10
Bans: none known

Image: The Primeval Forest appears as a lange tract of
‘old-growth forest located in the Appalachian Moun-
tains of West Virginia, It has the ability to become
raucously loud or extremely silent and foreboding.
‘Those who wande it swear that the forest has eyes
and, indeed, it does.
Roleplaying Hints: The forest seldom takes
unless directly threatened by hunters, |

vad
builders and other usurpers. Then it springs into ac
tion, usually causing the violent and permanent disap-

pearance of those who endanger it

Odds and Ends 213

|


Neda at Large
Mot


An American Werewolf in London — One of the
strongest entries into the genre of werewolf movies,
this is worth watching for the transformation se

The Blair Witch Project

Forget the hype: this
ably useful as an example of how
ordinary humans should ear the woods in the World of
Darkness. This is what the Impergium was all about.
Brotherhood of the Wolf (Le Pacte des Loups) —
French film retelling one of the pre-eminent rea
world werewolf myths, the Beast of Gevauadan. Practi-
cally surreal in the number of elements it blends
yeck it out
Full Eclipse
Garou
arental

Cheesy, but in a good way:

"Adam

nd his lycanthropic task force merit at least

Ginger Snaps — An unconventional werewolf
movie, not unlike Heathers on lycanthropy. Intelli

ro

Princess Mononoke — W
relevant movie if we tried.

‘The Howling — Perhaps the first "Crinas" on
and certainly the most influenttal. There are number
cof sequels, buc all are legenslary for their schlock status.
Be warned.

Wolf — Although received with mixed reactions,
this is still one of the better werewolf movies our there,
whether you're a die-hard Jack Nicholson fan or not

Wolfen — An interesting mood-setter for por

ing wolves with human i

couldn't maki

they would appear to hu

Books

Black Elk Speaks — A must-read for anyone want-
ing to understand the Wendigo, as well as possessing a
wonderful voice for those interested in the Galliand
side of things

Erdoes, Richard and Alfonso Ort
American Indian Myths and Legends. Yes, ts relevant
t Pure Lands chronicles. This vol-
ases much of the animal-people themes
that run through Werewolf, as well as providing a
glimpse ac what the world must have been like
before the Sundering,

Holland, David —Murcheston: The Wolf's Tale. A
fun Victorian werewolf story with particularly evoca
tive descriptions of the sensory experience of becom-
inga wolf.

Lang, Andrew — The Green Fairy Book. The Blue
Fairy Book, The Red Fairy Book, et al. Although

sanitized into proper "fairy story" format for children,

editors —

to more than j

ume she

Chapter Six: Odds and Ends

ER, A RI OY SIA

INN

these books are nonetheless surprising collections of
folklore and weind stories, and can provide great
inspiration for tales of a pack's ancestors. And yes,

Leopold, Aldo — A Sand County Almanac. Very
much merits lo

» heyand Europe

forthose interested in the environ
mental and conser pects of Werewolf

Mieville, China — King Rar. A modern fable that
blends legendary animal-human figures with the fre-
netic energy of urban culture. Of particular interest to
Storytellers who enjoy using Rai

Mowat, Farley — Never Cry Wolf. An excellent
resource for understanding and portraying wolf Kin:
folk and lupus alike

Stieger, Brad — The Werewolf Book: The Ency.
clopedia of Shape-shifting Beings. Although heavily
padded with entries only peripherally related to
werewolf lore (such as serial killers and obscure
mythic:

shape-changers), this is scill a sound re:
source for a Werewolf Storyteller.
Music

Almast any sort of

Werewolf game, ftimed properly. Fast-paced dance
susie such as th

Various offshoots of techno works
well for urban stories,
chronicles where there's a lot of travel. There's
of Celtic music to be found for the Fianna in
authentic country music would work

the very
Metallica, Dead Kennedys and
valid as Dead
System; it's all
course, you may w

does the more hard-edged

d Slipknot are just as
n Dance and Afro Celt Sound
dle it. Of
albums or songs
your players have heard a thousand times be-
nothing kills a song like overplay

The ad clless music, such as that
from a movie's score, is that players are less prone to
singalong —a real mood-breaking experience if ever
there was one. Just be careful about so

rer of how you ha
tro avoid usin

modem,

ory pop song
at the end, The soundtrack to The Mummy Retums,
for instance, can really get your players in the mood
for a Rage Across Egypt story, only to demolish the
end. This does more damage than good, and is to be
avoided. Some of the better movies and miniseries
sounderacks to be found include 500 Nations, Blade,
Mohicans, Princess Mononoke, Rapa Nui Rob Roy and
The 3th Warrior.

215

Uf PD BT IE ATE ETT SY IT NETS UGG,


|

Nore Vijermat

By Kylie Greenham

One issue that is underplayed in. many Werewolf
games is that of morality; Blick or white. Isa werewolf a
sociopath by nature? Many players play them as suc
happily plowing through witnesses and people who just
happen to be in the wrong place at the wrone time, as if it
doesn't matter andl never will. Afterall, hese humans are
litle more than obstacles that are hereon sufferance a the
best of times —and they need be sacificed it'll for the
good. At

‘snoreal need toc

ast, that'showthewerewolvesthink,and

Right
wish to set th

ge those asumpcic
Wrong. Particularly for those wh
chronicles within a city, human nature — and the
morality of the ou — is an issue that cries out to be
examined in depth, The average Garou should noe be a

Killing machine that s incapable of feeling anything past
the anticipation of their next battle. Not only is a
werewolf capableoffeelingany andall emotionsa human
heing woul! —love, sorrow; fearas well ashate—but the
breast within ensures that a werewolf ean often feel those
cemotionsfarmore keenly than theirhuman counterparts.

You can play on this fact to bring forth
incredibly intense scenes from your players. Take t
following example, by a group of players [had ¢
fortune to Storytell for a while ago.

The chronicle was set i a fictional city, and the

players took the roles of a pack of Glass Walkers. One of
the first stories involved family — a key element in
Werewolf. Michacl Lucas — the Ragabach had the

misfortune to discover his father worked for a Pentex
subsidiary. Naturally, the pack did not take kinklly tothis,
Michael Whitman —the Philodoxandalpha—took the
ruthlessapproach. The father was, after all, Glass Walker
Kinfolk, Such treason was nor to be allowed. The pack
staged a kidnapping and interrogation.

The father wasn't necessarily evils a lot of inno-
cent people can be found to work for Pentex. But in
this case, Lucas' father knew the significance of the
tainted corporation he worked for, During the interro-
gation, it was found that his largest motivation for
staying with the company was fear of his superiors. He
attempted to bargain for his life with the pack, offering

information if they would only allow
city. He played on his son's sympathy
companyhad threatened therestofhis family. Whitman
flatly told him he was lying to a Philodox.

Whitman offered the man a quick and honorable

im to leave ¢

claim

weht, a bargain to
which he finally agreed. Despite Lucas' pleas to the
contrary, Whitman then shot the man through the
head, killing him instantly. In a knee-jerk reaction of

1, Lucas innediately challenged Whitman for the

216

a ——

ee

alpha position of the pack, claiming Whitman had no
right to act like such an "inhuman bastard",
Whitman's acceptance was predictable; the chal-

lenge he set was a

Sept's Master of the

jounding. He requested that the
Challenge come up with a set of
questions on Garou morality and ask them of the two
disputants. The Master would then judge for herself
who would make the better alpha of the young pack,
bused on the answers they gave
T have to admit 1 was originally floored by this
challenge. Working as the Storyteller, Thad the Mas
reraccept this request, informing both parties that the
challenge would take place in the board room, with
‘wo days hence. This gave me
between game sessions to work on a set of questions
that [believed would not only force both characters to
think, but ensure Lucas would be forced to rethink
tly whyhe had challenged. lalso invited wo other
people to sit in on the game with previous ch:
they had played, as witnesses to the challenge.
Thenextsession still tandsoutin my memoryasone
of the mast intense roleplaying sessions that I have ever
n- Dead silence hung over the pack

acters

questions ieoued
back and forth between the Master of the Challenge and.
the two disputants, They both stammered through the

first evo questions, not really answering them toanyone's,

satisfaction, but they settled dw wit ithe tae sad

MASTER: How many humans is too many to kill
wo protect the Veil?

LUCAS: One.

MASTER: One? Are you saying that you will
alk away froma Veil breach and leave witnesses alive
cell the tale

LUCAS: No. 1 would my duty and kill those
witnesses. But one is still too many,

{Lucas won that round.

MASTER: Would you sacrifice yourself to save a
pack of wolves?

LUCAS: Yes

MASTER: How about a family of humans?

LUCAS: Yes

MASTER: | turn the question to Mr Whitman,

WHITMAN: No and no,

MASTER: Why not

m more useful to the
hat is a family of humans or a
jes going to do for Gaia except mate?

able, Whi

for Gaia alive. W
pack of w
here were nods rom around th
won thar round J
Finally, it grew very interesting as we settled
down tothe questions that made Lucasthinkabout the
on with his father]

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ine /,


MASTER: Is the Wyrm evil?

LUCAS: Yes.
MASTER: Then would you

whotry tohelp

and support the Wyrm are evil ax well?
LUCAS: No,
MASTER: So the enemy is merely... misguided.
LUCAS: Yee.

Are yousaying the Black Spiral Danc

misguided'?

LUCAS:

[By this point, | think he was trying to save his
position on his father}

MAST! Does kil
than they are?

UCAS: No.
{There was a lot of muttering on that reply.)
MASTER: Your question, Mr Whitman. Is the

Wyrm evil?

WHITMAN: Yes.

MASTER: Areall who try tohelpand support the
Wyrm evil as

WHITMAN: They may nor necessarily be"evil",
ast pawns ofevil, and thuswekill hem
war

[Round w Whitman, Lucas wasstarting to getthat
doubtful look on his face. Was he wrong in his chal
lenge? Bur he pressed on

MASTER: ¥x
Wyrm's taint, and find it leads to the cradle of a
month-old child. While the child itself se
cent, all signs point to the infant being
sessed. What do you do?

LUCAS: |... don't know, I just

WHITMAN: | 1

[A verycold answerfrom Whitman in his usual
tones, but deemed the correct one. Lucas looked ready
to cty, clearly sickened by the sheer thought of it.]

MASTER: You discover a Black Spiral Dancer,
and pursue it until ic eventually
heavily crowded nightclub. How do yo
this situacion?

[This question inspired a lot of debate. Were they
with thelr pack or without? The Masier asked thein co
give an answer to both si
came up with a satisfactory answer,
came close. He said he would wait out the Dancer.
The Master replied: What tf, nn the meantime, the
Dancer has called his pack for support? And so he
stumbled there. Both of chem replied that if the
Dancer shifted into Crinos frst, the Veil was already

them make us any better

follow a heavy trace of the

don't know.

cert

Chapter Si

 \

IN ee

damaged and so they'd plow into combat, and worry
s afterward.)
30 you would kill everyone in the

WHITMAN: Only those not affected by the
Delirium.

MASTER: A handy plan, Unfortunately, how
would you tell?

WHITMAN: I'd find out

{Lucaswas the same, although he wasmore humble
and he admitted he didn't know how he would tel.
Nobody won that round.)

MASTER: Would youslay onem
no, to save possibly hundreds

WHITMA!

Yes. I believe in the greater good,
MASTER: question, Mr Lucas.
{Lucas knew exactly what this question was
at. He answer ss]
LUCAS: It would depend on the situation. [t's

hard to know the answer when you're just discuss-

were considers appropriate}

ould you kill someone you love if it
would preserve everything you—and they
and stood for?

WHITMAN: I would kill my own brother if
need be.

[Another flat answer. The cold swiftness of this
reply made even the Master of the Challenge blink.
‘Whitman was fast cementing a reputation among the
Glass Walkers asa cold and emotionless Garou.)

MASTER: Your question, Mr Lucas

LUCAS: Tobehon
was reason, | would unders tut
kaillthem myself? There'... emotional difficulty involved

[Round to both, really. With the favor t Lucas. |

Ac this point, Lucas knew that he had challenged
for the wrong reasons, yet when both disputants were
asked if either would like to step down before the final
decision was made, he shook his head quietly. He had
noted the coldness of his alpha's answers, and while
ade him efficient, he did not believe such an
tly cokd-hearted person should be alpha,

» who do you think won? Well. As the Master
announced that the floor was open for any fin

lived for

his challenge spoke their piece, listing thet
ghts on the answers both h

given During this,
d
etorting that he has no.
‘all tooh

nnoyed at having hiscold answers analy

and dugat.
respect for his pack,

dds and Ends


|

As this sunk in, nwo angry pack members immedi-
ately stood and challenged him. They were out of line
this wasstll the middle of the first and official challeng
The Master hade them sit, and rumed her eyes to Lacs
wwhohad just been asked, almost mockingly,ifhe wassure
hhe was Garou. Hisreply?No. He had no idea whetherhe
should be here. Not when doing so seemed to deny the

The common consensus was thar neither Lucas nor
Whitman was a correct choice for the alphaship. One
had drive, but_no respect, either for his pack or life
around him. One had respect, but nodrive. The Master
oftheChallenge looked at hem both blanaly, turned co
the beta of the pack, and nominated him alpha.

Whitman left the room insilence. Lucasacknowl
edged the wisd of the decision. Neither won, bur
booth had been given a lot t0 think about. The game
shifted focus quite dramatically at that point; from

argh! Kill the Wyrm!" to "Are we so certain we're
doing the right thing?"

And the raising of that question bre
depth tothe pla

hoped for

far more
sand the game, than I could ha

The moralof this particularstory?Neverforget the
role of humanity in your games. Human morality and
Garou morality ate often at war, and the fact that
uicther iy clearly right all of the time — perhaps even
most of the time — can inspire some truly wonderful
stories. There are repercussions to sociopathic acts of
violence; whether from the surviving vietims,
enforcement agencies of the perpetrator's own con:
science, Don't be hesitant to act on them.

A Sioryfelling Game
of ange Phorror

By Ethan Skemp

esright there on the splash page of the rulebook
We cite it us the ching thar differentiates Werewolf
from the other World ¢

not "Personal Horror,"
not "Passion and Horror," not
"Righteous Fury."

Ofcourse, all those ocher themes, distilled down to
their bare-bones mission statements, actually fit very
nicely within Werewolf' confines, Werewolf being
the sprawling, versatile monstrosity ofa game that itis
Personal horror? Of course; show me the werewolf that
ing into the Thrall of the
sonal horror, and Pl

ng (or is
choosing to play an utter psychopath very, very well)
Reality on the Brinl

comnes to his senses after

Wyem thar isn'e ans

o's no good at rolepl

show you a player whe

5 the cos

ic strugyle of the

21

nme

ee 7 eel

Triat and the Garou's war to keep the Wyrm from
being the one to rewrite the universe's rules would

it thar bill rather nicely. Passion and Horror?
ually; the churning forces of Rage and
within a werewolf tend to imply tha
on a seale that would frighten us
5s, ifsomewh

he'll feel passions
ans. Modem

re obliquely the techno:
Walkers and the spirits of the

So yes, Werewolf is versatile, and it can handle a
wide variety of moods and themes. We knew that. (Le's
one ofthe reasonsthis book isahardeover; i Werewolf
were a simplistic hack-and-slasher, you'd be reading
the Werewolf Storytellers Pamphlet.) But when try-

g to distill che essence of Werewolf down into a
bleful of lycanthropic elixir, we come back to "A
orytelling C S
Why is that? The Garou are heroes, right? You get

na

provocative if you're a
by ideals like peace be-

twcen peoples, h and en

lightenme
I's an easy answer. It comes in as soon as you say
the word "werewolf."
The Garou are a farrly unique breed of werewolves,
overall; they aren't "infected" by werewolf attacks, they
ndless animals when they change, they're not

; where does the "savage horror" come in?

really atthe mercy of the moon, andso on. Notonly ean
they assume the werewolf form at will, they can even
holdarational dialogue whendoingso (although adit.
tealy, it's difficult) — something you never see in any
werewolf movie excepr the comedies. fn learning thei
vocabulary, their customs, their traditions, it's easy to
at thinking of them exclusively as "C
stop

ou," and to

the word

nost entirely

TfL may be so bold, this is a horrible mistake.

"Garou isthe werewolves' name forthemselves, As
your players learn to empathize with them more and
more, they'll become more and more comfortable with
that term —butby forgetting the werewolf" they lose
track of the fact that they're essentially playing mon-
sters. Yes, monsters that are generally more humane
J sympathetic than those you find in the average
horror novel, but monsters nonetheless. But there
one person who needs to be willing to inject the
werewolf" back into the Garou, to play on the players
human sensibilities ro show them the horrific side of
the Garou's world. And yes, that person is you!

Step back outside the game and think back to
before you ever picked up a White Wolf book. What

Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

AL IY


did the word "werewolf conjure up when you were
younger? Why did you ever get interested in the
concept in the first place? Odds are, the images that
struck the deepest chord were of the near-immortal

aster with the intelligence of the
morals of an animal. Yes, the concept
had grown more harmless overthe yearsby things like
Fangface and Drac Pack and Teen Wolf, to:
of horrible SEX that wouldn't scare your at, but
there was till something deeper underall that, some
thing frightening. The concept was still strong. You
probably still respond well to it on an instinctive
evel, and so do your players — even if they've all but
forgotten. But with a game of Werewolf, you can
remember that visceral thrill — better, you can
recreate it. And really, why wouldn't you want tol

Anil that brings usback around to"Savaige Hortor."
Although thisisn't the only theme that could beused to
describe the Garou accurately, it is the underlying
theme that, more than any other, describes the myth of
the werewolf. The werewolf is the savage beast that
vwearshuman clothing —the unrelenting predator that
isimmune copleas for merey, an animal's fear of humans
and evento bullets. Itisapartofthe wiklemeschat does
riot fear us humans, that can easily kill us — and that
hates us. Not only does it knock us from our s
topof the food chain, it tearsus into Moody ch
cracksourbones forthe marrow. Everything we've built,
and it won't even cate.

human

1 werewolf can destroy

Use that. Usethesavagery andhorrorofthewerewolf
tuytl wo your benefit. When a chatactes ills a human
(for very good reasons, we're sure), work ina bit of
jon that likens the crunch of the vietim's spine
toadogsplinteringachicken bone. Play with slaught.
hhouse imagery —the way that compsesare lirteredon the
ground like hunks of meat, the warm wash of blood that
sinks into the earth. Emphasize thaca werewolfs enemy
is no more to it than a mouse is toa cat, oracow i
butcher. Whena character frensies, that's an ideal tn
to bring the savagery of the werewolf ro center stage
id by
the player char:
of horror is th

neans, don't restrict all this carnage to
ters' doing! One of the cardinal rules
die at any time"; the

"anyone

ze horror,
yyone can die horribly at any time." If you want to
have a respected elder or Kin clain by Black Spi

Dancers as a plot point, don't just let the players find
corpse witha Baneklaive wound in the back. Strongly
considerhaving the corpse torn apart and littering the
area, so blowt-soaked and mangled that the characters
are forced to carefully gather the remains just so they

extrapolation is that in a

Chapter Sit

EL ETD OY EN

IN es

can identify who's dead. Noveveryone horribly lain by
a werewolf deserves it; that keeps them frightening,
It's the same principle

against "eavage" opponentss

in ce
has

nbat, particularly
fe

,Banes
and certainly Black Spiral Dancers. Never describe a
wound in terms of health levels alone
undercuts the mood. Even a
merchealth le

that royally

ould soak the recipi

Jofdamage 3

arm in bloox! and throb with pain, More severe wounds

in tear muscle away from bone, splinter ribs, tear a
fing ip loose a large patch of skin,
mited only by your in
the idea is to mak
nowand again. That's what

the players wince every
c horror is all about

(Although try co avoid making your descriptions
of violence soo florid. When you start describing skull
smashing as "like exploding hairy watermelons full of
spongy gray pulp," your players will indeed wince, But
not in a good way.)

And don't forget to be egalitarian. If some of your
players are playing less bloodthirsty Fera of other sorts,
king Corax or courtly Kitsune, don't
exre up on their behalf. Even ifa Nuwisha do
Rage, he'sstillakilling machine with the instinets of an
animal —and coyotes aren't vegetarians. The Fera are
rt of the Werewolf world, and although the theme of
all-Feragame might vary somewhat from a tradi-
tional Garou chronicle, no shapeshifter is outside the
war for Gaia. There are no civilians in the Apc
This goes double for characters in crossove
asmagesor vampires— anyone who willingly enters the
werewolves' world takes their lives in their own hands
No, you don't want to ruin your players' enjoyment of
the game, and you shouldn'e baptize every character in
rain of blood. But most people who sign up to play a
WorldofDarknessyame expect little horror,anditean
bbe very satisfying and cathartic for them to get it

Used properly, the camage and bloodshed of
werewolf story goes far beyond a violent v
story. The violence become
off steam, but a way of reaching deep
‘on your players' — and your own

inte
not just a way of blowing
ndplaying
deep-seated

emotions. A little horror keeps your players on the
edges of their seats, and makes the games all the more
memorable. Ultimately, the next rime one of your
player'scharacters makesa gruesome kill, rearing apart

with the ferocity of a rabid predator, that player
1 bit, thinking "If I were in the World of
Darkness, I thy toa werewolf"

And isn't thar a good thi

Odds and Ends 219


Joffe

197 Historical Settings 163, 187 Recommended Source [40, 156,
188,192 Human Culture 7 214
Ananasi 188,193 Hunters 202 Religior 3 AY
see also Kimo Renown. 53
Animal: 10L  Imbued 202 Rites 539
Apocalypse 129,174 Intrigue 40 of the Fetish 6
: 66
Bastet 188,193 Kami See 67
see also Khan Powers pirit A él
Beast Courts 68 Khan él
Black Spiral Dancers 149 Kitsune th 65
Population 34 Kumo. R 188, 195
Kin Rearing 7 see also Same-Bito
Camp of Shiva
Changelings Litany 46 Same-Bito
Character Creation age Horror :
Character Death Mayes 199 Senses 2
Cities 79 Metaplot 123 Sense Wyrm 85
Corax 188, 193 Mokolé 193 Shrines 37
see also Tenge so Zhong Lung Spirits 60, 104
Crosover 195 Morality 216 Spirituality 29, 36
Myth 97,117 : 6
Daily Devotions 7
Demographics 32 Nagah 88, 194 4
DNA 155) Nezumi B 16, 116
Nuwisha 188, 194 BL
Enhancing the Game 19
Pentex 138 Vampires 196
FAQ Plants, Awakened 62 Variant Settings 174
Fera 187 Player Issues 125 Veteran Characters 52
Cross-breeding 191 Politics 41
Population 35 Population F 32 Weaver BS
Fetishes Probes, anal 183 Week of Nightmares 4
First Change Problem Players 113 Wilderness 87
Forms: survival 92
Rank Boy Wraiths 200
I 55, 191 Rank Challenges 57 Wyk 16
iu 188, 193 Rank Six 54 Wyrm 13
Ratkin 188, 194
Hakken 1 seealso Nezumi Zhong L iL
Hengeyokai 68
220 Werewolf Storytellers Handbook

ann i,


From the secrets of the highest-ranking elders to the cryptic lore of the Triat;
from the blasphemous libraries of the Black Spiral Dancers to the hidden wisdom
of animals — the world of Werewolf is full of concealed lore. Now this lore is
about to be revealed but only to the one person withthe responsibility to
use it wisely.

There are a lot of things for a Werewolf Storyteller to keep track of; the
denizens of the material world and the spirit world alike, the politics of the
tribes, the plots of antagonists and much mére. The Werewolf Storytellers
Handbook makes the Storyteller's job thatmuch easier. The information inside

is designed to help the Storyteller create chronicles from the very beginning,
devise new stories:that keep the players entertained and introduce plot twists
and world secrets to keép the players guessing,

Expanded systems for Renown, Rank, rites; Senses and other facets of Garou life
Expanded information on)Garou society, ctilture, intrigue, spirit allies,
antagonists, physiology and even an FAQ

Detailed advice on chronicle creation, alternate history chronicles, crossovers
with other World of Darkness games and more

WW white-wol
ISBN 1-58846-30:
WW3804 $25.9!

PRINTED IN CANADA,
