# File: Survival Guide.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Crevirs

Authors: Bruce Baugh, E. Jonathan Bennett, Michael
Lee, Forest B. Marchinton, Robert Scott Martin, Angel
McCoy, Deena McKinney, Wayne Peacock, Greg Stolze
Andy Woodworth and Peter Woodworth

Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

Research:

atrick O'Duffy and Adam Tinworth

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Brian Glass

Interior Art: Steve Ellis, Leif Jones and Jeff Rebner
Front Cover: Kent Williams

Back Cover: Brian Glass

Aurnor Aeknowcepcemenrs
Many thanks to Karen Hindhede, for sharing her
. Thanks for

insight into and knowledge of Afric:

putting up with all the questions!

735 PARK NoRTH BLVD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USK

CAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
poses of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may
be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Mage the Ascension and World of Dark-
ness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. Allrights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reck-

oning, Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter Survival
Guide, A World of Darkness, World of Darkness Hong
Kong, World of Darkness Tokyo and Rage Across the
World are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolfand
rec.games.frp.storyteller

— ~


Taete of Gonrenrs

Provocue: STARTING A FAMILY
InvroDucrion: THe Reat WortD
Cunrrer i: Hunrer Survivat Ties
Cuaprer 2: Arnica

Cuarrer 3: Asia

Cuaprer 4: ust Ratia
Curve 5: Europe

Cunever G: Norra America
Cunprer 7: Soura America
Cunver 8: THe Mosy Wanred



Leaf tightened her hand into a fist and struck as hard as
she could, her breath expelling in a ragged shout. Sweat
etched her brow and her lungs burned, but she couldn't
quit. She struck again, with the left fist. She knew this could
save her life.

"Ichi! Ni! San! Chi!" Her martial-arts instructor, aman
so rail-thin that he seemed almost two-dimensional, strode
in front of the array of students, watching them. He stopped
before her

"Okay, Leaf," he said. "You want your stance deeper,
lower —so you can't be knocked off your feet. And pull your
hand all the way back to your hip, got it? And don't stoop
forward — you want your back straight. Ten more, people!"

The teacher's name was Steve. One of Leaf's friends
studied aikido with him. Once Leaf and her husband Oaken
had decided that they needed to study the martial arts, they'd
initially thought of studying the "yielding way." A frank
discussion with Steve, however, steered them toward his self-
defense class, instead,

"Look; aikido is a terrific system. If didn't believe in its
principles, | wouldn't study it. But if you want to be able to
defend yourself soon, and if you want to get in shape fast, take
self-defense. It's a lot more aerobic and it's a lot more
blunt, basically. If you spenta year doing aikido, you'd be able
tothrow people around with very little physical effort, but if
you take the self-defense class, you'll improve within a

PROLOGUE: STARTING A FAMILY

month. It's not that it's better, but there's a much wider
margin for error with punches and kicks."

The class wasn't all punches and kicks, however. Only
the first half. After that, it was wrestling and grappling
learning the most efficient way to choke someone uncon-
scious, and the places on the wrist and arm that provided the
greatest pain with the least pressure.

It all made Leaf very uncomfortable. She was a pacifist.
She believed in peace and harmony. Steve said he did too,
but it was hard to keep that in mind when he was encouraging
her to perfect her strangling techniques.

Afterward, driving home, she talked it over with Oaken.

"Does it make you uncomfortable? The fighting, | mean?"

"Fighting in the dojo? No, not really," he replied. "Not
compared to the real thin,

"But the Living Power... do you think it wants us to turn
to violence?"

"I'm pretty sure it doesn't want us to get killed, honey."

She had no reply to that. After another mile, she asked
another question

"Which do you like better, the standing or the wrestling?"

"I like the wrestling, I guess. | mean, there's a part of me
that misses that from being a kid, right? This is just like
rolling around with my brother, onlya little more... intense."

"Really? It makes me kind of uncomfortable."


VAL GUIDE

"Well, you're a woman in a class of mostly men. Rolling
around on the floor with strangers is kind of uncomfortable."

"It's not that so much. Just the idea of... hurting some-
one. I don't like it."

"If you learn these techniques, you're supposed to be
able to stop someone without injuring them. | mean, look
at us right now. If we really have to get someone to stop
doing something, we pretty much have to beat them sense-
less." He looked grim for a moment, and Leaf knew he was
thinking of Loretta, a woman who'd looked like a normal
meter reader, but who had really used her job to scout out
lonesome and isolated victims for her master — a creature
that lived only by causing death. They'd tried to stop
Loretta, tried to hold her down, but she'd been too strong
to restrain. Oaken had bludgeoned her with a steam iron.
She was still in a coma, and they lived in dread of her
waking. "Maybe when we get to the point that we're
punching and kicking each other, instead of a punching bag
— maybe then you'll like the ground work better."

Another mile, and one more question:

"Do you think I'm fooling myself? I mean, do you think
I'll ever be able to really do this stuff?"

"Don't sell yourself short. You've spent, what, five hours
aday hunched over that potter's wheel? Your back's probably

strong as anyone's in the gym, and your forearms aren't
weak either."

"Why Oaken, you romantic fool." She smiled. He
grinned back.

ek

A week later, after class, they had a very different discus-
sion. It had been a hard week. One of their fellow hunters, a
woman named Constance Chilton, had spotted a rot in nearby
Naperville. They'd tried to isolate it and cut it down, but it
escaped them on the holding lot of a car dealership.

"Oaken... remember that pregnancy scare we had? When
I was late?"

"I wouldn't call it a ‘scare."" Leaf had been taking
Triphasal for years, and was usually regular as clockwork.
When she'd been a day late, they'd spent 24 hours in a haze
of hope, fear and confusion, wondering if they were ready to
have kids, if they were financially stable enough, what
changes would have to be made. After her period started,
they had a long discussion and she went off the pill. They
hadn't really been "trying to get pregnant." But they were
willing to accept a child if it happened.

The day after they first saw the walking dead in a
drugstore, Leaf went back on birth control.

"You realize if that hadn't been a scare, I'd be ready to
deliver now?"

He was quiet for a second. "Wow," he said at last. He
was pulling into a parking space, and as he put on the
parking brake, he turned to her. "Do you still want kids? I
mean... knowing?"

"I'm not sure. Part of me, it's like ‘How can you bring
achild into a world full of nightmares?" But when the Living
Power came... I don't know. It's like everything's clearer
now. | mean, even before the Call... we knew this could be
a lousy place. Remember that woman in Naperville who

smothered her three children? Now, we know it's not just
us. That evil is objective, it's embodied, it's not just an idea.
But there's good too, and it's just as palpable. ] know that
babies are good — I mean, everyone feels that, right?"

"Sure, I guess."

"Look at the way people melt when there's a baby
around. Everyone starts smiling and cooing, and, you know.
Everyone gets soft. That's got to be good."

"Honey... I don't know if we can afford to be soft." He
said it quietly and sadly. For a moment, she was quiet.

"If the good people stop having children out of fear of the
bad things... how can good ever win?"

He didn't have an answer.

They went into their apartment and listened toa message
on their answering machine. Constance Chilton was hospital-
ized with a broken back, waiting for a psychiatric evaluation

eK Oe

Guadalupe Droin — another hunter — was waiting for
them at the hospital. Leaf and Oaken didn't know her that
well; the couple disagreed with her strongly about the
proper way to handle the supernatural. Even through her
fear and grief, Leaf wondered why Constance had called
Lupe first, instead of her.

"How is she?"

"The doctors say she's resting, which I think means she's
drugged up. She'll be okay, I think — she's a fast healer," she
said, giving them a significant nod.

"How did it happen?" Oaken asked. Lupe shrugged.

"She was at home, by herself. It got in, got the drop on
her, broke her back. I just wonder why she's still alive."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean if she had her back broken, do you think she'd
have the presence of mind to fight it off?"

"Him," Oaken said grimly. "And I sce your point."

"Maybe he couldn't bring himself to finish her?" Leaf
asked, knowing it sounded weak.

"No," Oaken said slowly. "I'm thinking. .. have you ever
heard of a honey pot?" Lupe gave him a puzzled look.

"You mean like a girlfriend on the side?

"No, this was something the Viet Cong used to do. A
sniper would wait until a GI was out in the open, then
shoot him in the leg. When one of his buddies came out to
drag him to safety, the sniper would shoot him too —
aiming to cripple or kill. The injured man became bait for
the rest of his unit."

"You think he's doing that to us?"

Quietly, Leaf stepped over to a table and pulled a pen
and business card from her purse. She wrote on it and moved
over next to Oaken, putting her arm around him.

"When we chased him through the car lot, it was like he
could turn invisible at will," she said. "Just thinking about
him being around and us not knowing... it terrifies me."
Discreetly, she held up the card in the palm of her hand.

He's here now. Don'tlet on. With her sight on, Leaf could
tell that the rot was right behind them, watching. She held
the card so the creature couldn't see.


Lupe took a deep breath. "You can't get too suspicious
or you'll go crazy," she said. "Look, let's talk about this
tomorrow, okay?" And then she moved in to hug the two of
them. It was the first time they had touched, other than
shaking hands.

When they parted, Leaf noticed that Lupe took a big
step backward. Leaf did not notice the streamer of smoke that
trailed afterward from their lurking watcher. It was a marker
that only Lupe could see.

ee

Oaken and Leaf took turns sleeping. They'd seen the
creature following them home, driving behind them in a
lumbering SUV. Lupe came to them the next morning.

"Listen, 1 can track this thing, but I'm laying some
tules, okay?"

"What do you mean, rules?" Oaken asked.

"I mean we do it my way. We go in, we don't talk to it,
we don't try to get it to say sorry or reflect on its wrongdoing
—we just kill it."

"Why do you get to dictate terms?"

"Because | can find it — and it can find you."

"Can't you see that you're acting just like it does?" Leaf
cried, outraged.

Lupe's nostrils flared. "You ain't making me want to
help you."

"Then why don't you just abandon us? Let the rot do
your dirty work. You don't like us, do you? You think we're
weak, soft — whatever you want to say, just because we aren't
trying to butcher everyone who's different from us. Well
that's what we believe. We think that's right, just like you
think you're right. And if I give up on my beliefs just to stay
alive — if I do the wrong thing to survive — how am | any
different from something that kills for blood?"

"Because you're wrong!" Lupe shouted. "You're sup-
posed to be on our side, not their as Christ, you saw
what it did to Constance. She's our friend. How can you
take its side now?"

"Lupe, Leaf — let's calm down here a moment." Oaken
had his massive hands up ina conciliatory gesture. "Leaf —
honey, you know that I agree with you in principle. Lupe,
you're not going to make us into crusading warriors, no
matter how much you want to. You can't make us into
something we're not." Lupe drew in breath to argue, but
Oaken held up a finger and raised his voice. "But in this
instance, I think you're right. | don't think this one de-
servesa chance." He turned to Leaf, who was glaring at him.
"Thave to side with Guadalupe. I think we should do it her
way. Can we agree?"

"Just take me where it is," Leaf said. "I'm not going to
make any promises."

eee

Lupe's trail ended in the middle of Rosebrook, in a
hundred-and-fifty-thousand dollar house on a cul-de-sac,
less than ten feet from its neighbors on either side. It was the
same color as all the other houses, and the same shape as a
third of them. It was perfectly bland, perfectly anonymous,
perfectly suburban.

PROLOGUE: SYARTING A FAMILY

Instead of her usual taxicab, Lupe showed up driving a
white van with "Green Thumb Lawn Service" on the side. "If
anyone asks, you're guests in the house and I'm the hired
help, got it?" Leaf and Oaken watched, feeling slightly
useless, as Lupe put a ladder against the house and climbed
onto the roof. Whena car drove by, she industriously cleaned
out the rain spouts, while Leaf crouched in the van with her
husband. Once the coast was clear, Oaken got out and
waved. Guadalupe nodded, then reached up and started
fiddling with one of the wires going into the house.

"Okay," Lupe said when she reached the ground. "Either
their alarm system can't call the cops now, or they don't get
HBO anymore."

The three of them went to the back of the house. Lupe
carried a knapsack with a gun and a flashlight. Oaken and
Leaf had crowbars, carried discretely at their sides. Under
their loose sweatshirts, each had a stake and a hammer.
Inside, the house was normal. Everything was tidy. All
the appliances matched. All the decor was blandly tasteful.
It looked almost like a showcase home n uninhabited
model used to sell people on moving in by showing them how
calm and placid their lives could be in Rosebrook.

The three hunters went room by room, opening shades
and letting midmorning light pour in. There was nothing odd
here, nothing to indicate it as the lair of the living dead. But
in the foyer, Lupe spotted her smoky trail. It led them to the
basement door. She drew her gun, and both Leaf and Oaken
brought forth their stakes.

Behind the door was darkness, even to the sight. Lupe
produced a flashlight, and it shone down on a set of rickety
stairs. She started down, but Oaken stopped her and stepped
down ahead of her. Leaf followed him.

Halfway down, the room was flooded with light. All
three were dazzled and they heard a voice, "I'd prefer it if you
stopped, actually."

Leaf had instinctively ducked her head from the light,
and looking through the slats of the rickety steps she could
see a thick bed of steel spikes, firmly set into the floor and
sharpened wickedly. Then she saw a rope, tied to the
support beams of the steps. One good yank would drop
them onto the spikes. The rope led off to a full sized
freezer, the lid of which was propped up; sitting up inside
it was the man they'd pursued. He was wearing pajamas
Dangling above his head was the pull chain of the lights,
which still swayed from his tug. A quick glance around the
basement showed that every window was covered with
metal plating.

"So, may I ask why you've come here?"

"Three guesses," Lupe spat out at him.

"Judging from your stakes and weapons, my rational
course of action would be to dump you onto the spikes," he
said calmly. "They're poisoned, by the bye. Lucky for you, I'm
more curious than rational. How did you find m

"We were led here by the Living Power,
stalling. "Who are you?"

"Youcan call me Freddy, I guess. Living Power? My, that
sounds impressive. Why don't you tell me all about it?"

Leaf said,


"Better yet, I'll show you," Lupe announced and leaped
from the stairs. With a curse, Oaken dove toward the
bottom and Leaf felt the steps lurch as the rot yanked the
rope. Her stake and hammer clattered to the floor as she
lunged for the top of the stairs. Her hands caught the
doorjamb seconds before the steps collapsed into rubble
among the spikes. Her arms were in agony as she fought to
hold on. She turned her head and saw Oaken stumbling to
his feet, saw Lupe raising her pistol, and saw a woman
stepping out of the shadows with a shotgun.

"NO!" Leaf cried. She felt a surge and the second
woman — a rot, she now saw — hesitated, baffled by the
Living Power. Lupe spun and fired her pistol straight into
the woman's face. Freddy vaulted out of the freezer. His
face was contorted with rage, but somehow his voice was
still calm and deliberate: "I can't let you hurt my wife. I'm
her husband. I have a duty to protect her. We just want to
get by, not make trouble, ‘Pursuit of Happiness' and all
that..." As he spoke, he seized Lupe and flung her to the
ground. The rot woman, blood pouring out over her
modest nightgown, bent down to scramble blindly for her
dropped shotgun.

Freddy pounced on Lupe, disarming her with one hand
and seizing her throat with the other. Oaken lunged onto his
back, striking powerfully with a stake. "Would you stop
that?" Freddy asked conversationally. Then he lifted Lupe's
head and slammed it down against the floor

The rot-woman raised the shotgun, and again Leaf
shouted at her to stop. Once again, the Power held the rot
helpless. Oaken shouted and this time the stake struck home
"Freddy!" cried the woman.

Leaf felt her arms giving. With a heave of her stomach
muscles, she pulled her legs up and to the side, bracing
them against the wall. As her fingers slipped, she kicked
out as hard as she could, hoping to clear the spikes. Under
a thin layer of carpet, the floor was concrete, and her teeth
rattled as her skull bounced off it. She saw the rot woman
fling herself at Oaken, fangs bared, and she had time only
to lock eyes and whisper "Do you remember?" before she
passed out

When Leaf awoke moments later, Oaken was cradling
her head in his arms. The woman was blasted nearly in half.
Oaken must have gotten her with her own shotgun. Lupe was
out cold.

Somewhere, in the basement's surrounding darkness, an
infant began to cry.

eee

"So, what are we going to do with it?" Oaken asked. It
was the question they had avoided all the way home.

Back in Rosebrook, they had managed to pry the metal
plate off a window and then break the glass. The sunlight
almost completely dissolved Freddy and his wife. Leaf and
Oaken both had to lift Lupe through. Leaf gathered their
tiny, wailing find, and Oaken helped her out.

There could be no doubt about the baby's nature. Ina
mouth that should have had smooth gums, there were two
fangs, no larger than a cat's teeth — but sharper. Somehow,
neither was able to leave it, so they bundled it tightly
against the sun and drove home with it. Even with their

caution, a few rays of diffuse light penetrated to its skin,
leaving it with ugly burns.

"I don't know," Leaf whispered. "How could they do that
to their child?"

"We don't even know it's theirs." Oaken heaved a tired
sigh. "It doesn't really matter now, anyhow. It's our problem."

"How can you call ita problem?" Leaf asked, brushing
its wispy hair with her hand, but she knew the answer.
They were desperately grateful that Lupe didn't wake until
the infant was smuggled into their home. It fell into an
uneasy sleep. With its mouth closed, it looked perfectly
alive and innocent.

Beautiful.

"Leaf, it is a problem. I mean... how are we going to
feed it?'

"We'll find a way."

"What are we going to tell people?"

"We'll tell them we adopted him."

"No, I mean the list. What do we tell the others? If Lupe
hadn't been unconscious—"

"Why do we have to tell them at all?"

"It could be dangerous."

"Open your eyes! If we're ever going to interact witha...
with someone like this safely... it's an infant, right? How
could it hurt two grown-ups?"

"Maybe it's older than it looks. Maybe it's been dead for
centuries and just never got older, just stayed preserved..."

"Stop it! You're just imagining things being the worst
they could be!"

"I want us to be safe in our own home!"

"And I want to find a solution to this! | don't just want
to stop these, whatever they are, I want to help them! Maybe
this child could be the key to finding a cur

"Now you sound like Doctor119."

"I do not!"

"J just think we should..

"Should what? Give it over to the crusaders? The
stake it — him — without mercy. He'd never have a chance."

"What chance does he have now?"

"Who knows? Who knows what's possible? Maybe this...
this whatever it is, is reversible. Maybe it's just an illness that
can be cured. If it can, think what a great thing that would be,
Oaken! If we could heal them? Heal him? I mean, he's just a
baby. There's got to be a way to save him. The Power wouldn't
have led us to him if there wasn't a way, some way to make this
right! Don't you believe?"

"I don't know, honey." He put his arms around her. "I
don't know."

eee

That night, Oaken came half awake at the sound of a
crying child, but it soon stopped. As he was drifting back
to sleep, he heard Leaf humming a lullaby. She had a
lovely voice.

"Go back to sleep now, River." River was the name
they'd picked out for a boy. Too bad she hadn't really been
pregnant.... Oaken rolled over, something tickling at his


mind. He half-opened his eyes and saw Leaf sitting on the
edge of the bed, looking half-asleep herself. The child was
nursing at her breast, its eyes closed in bliss.
A trickle of blood fell from the corner of its mouth.
Oaken bolted upright. "It's okay, honey," Leaf said fuzzily.
Oaken grabbed the first thing athand —a heavy book
from their bed stand —and slammed it into the child with
all his strength. There was a dull thud, followed by a meaty
sound as it hit the ground. Leaf's eyes shot open and she
surged to her feet. She screamed as her fist slammed into
her husband's nose. He heard it crack and tears sprang to
his eyes.
"Don't you ever hit that baby again!" she shrieked.
"It'sno baby, Leaf! Look at yourself! Look what it did to you!"
She looked down and pulled her nightgown closed. "I
don't care," she said shakily. "It's just a child. It was hungry."
They stared down at the child, wailing on the floor. It
raised its arms toward Leaf, entreating, imploring.
"Mama," it said.
"Maamaa!"

Somehow, Leaf got back to sleep. They had lined a
drawer with blankets, and she put the baby there when it

PROLOGUE: STARTING A FAMILY

calmed down. The makeshift cradle was right next to her.
Oaken went to sleep on the couch.

When Leaf awoke, there was midmorning sunlight
pouring through the windows. She still felt groggy and
weak. The word "drained" crossed her mind, but she imme-
diately stifled that thought. Then she realized what sunlight
meant and she sat up, her heart full of fear, looking down at
the drawer. It was empty.

"Ash," she thought desperately. "Freddy and the other
one left ash. There's no ash here.... Oaken must have moved
the baby, must have remembered what I forgot, must have
moved him into the closet or the bathroom." She leaped out
of bed and began searching the dark interior rooms of their
home. She didn't find the baby. She did find a note:

Leaf,

T have taken the baby for a drive

Please forgive me. I really think it's for the best

Oaken

She crumpled to the floor. For a moment her mind was
empty of everything but deep, wordless horror. She heard a
terrible noise and realized it was her own voice.

Leaf howled, making pained, wordless sounds that ech-
oed throughout the empty house.


Vi


internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

&
&
Stop Finditt History Printing Save

This is the Hunter Survival Guide, a page linked to the main hunter-net site. I'd say "welcome," but that's
alittle too cordial for our purposes.

If you're here, you've undoubtedly found this page through the main site and know what you yourself
—and we — are. Others out there are either intruders or the very ones we devote our attention to. All of
"us" who read this page should bear in mind that our "competitors" may see exactly what we do and
perhaps learn as much about the world and us as we do about them.

The purpose of this page is simple. The main site was seriously compromised not long ago and was
taken down. It has been restored since, however, with the right people in control and stronger safety
measures installed (although understand no measure is foolproof). Since so much information was lost
—and, more disturbing, a/tered— from the original site, and so many newcomers have arrived since the
emergence of this one, | thought it prudent to lay some foundations for us all.

It's reassuring to see so many new subscribers appearing on and contributing to the list. That means
our "benefactors" are still active and our numbers as a whole continue to grow. Perhaps that means our
strength continues to increase and may someday give us the edge in this struggle. Or perhaps our ever-
increasing numbers suggest that this is a war of attrition and we are simply statistics on some
unfathomable roster, that we're sent into the breach over and over again.

And yet, | must try to focus on the good of our situation, if only to avoid defeating myself before anyone
else does. Thus, | look to our increasing numbers on the list as a sign that we are growing increasingly
aware of each other. Communication between us furthers our cause. Our kind share information, learn
from each other's successes and failures, and can come to each other's aid in times of crisis.

And there is the crux of this page. The Hunter Survival Guide combines posts and new information from
members across the world, from the archives of the original site, from the new site's records, and from
some independent sites discovered by our kind. The result is a reference to help anyone pursue our goals
across the world. Indeed, the very existence of this page and its contents is proof that we imbued exist
everywhere — and that our counterparts do as well. This new reality that we have all recently discovered
is rife with beings that until now have hidden themselves among the shadows and behind proxies. Our
fellows' pervasive efforts, discoveries and contributions are proof of that. Now, information is shared
among all of us, so that everyone may better understand who or what it is we're up against, whether in our
own home towns or in the farthest flung corners of the world.

Take this information, learn from it and apply it wherever you can, in whatever situations you find
yourself. Where it proves accurate and even life-saving, inform the list so that we may all benefit from your

encounters. Where it proves false, be certain to spread the word — those are traps we must all avoid.

Always remember, though, that we as a brother and sisterhood are like wide-eyed children in a true-
life, demented fairy tale. There are monsters, and they have been telling us the story for millennia. They
simply don't know that we finally see the pages of the book. We therefore only begin to sense what is real
andwhowe are. Our first steps are shaky. We lack the confidence of experience. No one will hold our hand.
Yet the risks we take now as a burgeoning society will blaze a trail for all humanity to follow.

Inherit the Earth.
Witness1


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Blessed are they that do his commandments, that
they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in
through the gates into the city. For without are dogs and
sorcerors, and whoremongers, and idolators, and who-
soever loveth and maketh a lie

— Revelation 22:14-15

The Hunter Survival Guide is a reference prima-
tily for players of Hunter: The Reckoning. This book
explores the World of Darkness as the recently imbued
slowly discover it, as they explore and begin to under-
stand the shroud of lies and evil that monsters have
woven. The book is written by the imbued (or those
who claim to be) for the imbued, as an instructional
tool to deal with creatures, both domestically and
abroad. Thus, you get to read about the "true" world
just as your character does. What is genuine and accu-
rate, and what is false and misleading are for you and
your character to discover.

Ofcourse, the Storyteller can find plenty to enjoy and
work with here, too. This book offers a broad perspective
on the World of Darkness, with allusions to all kinds of
events, legends, conspiracies and plots. Hunters can in-
vest whatever wealth they possess, cobble together or steal
to travel the globe in pursuit of the enemy, or interna-
tional supernatural developments could have impact in
hunters' own homes — and perhaps the enemy may even
arrive there in force.

As Storyteller, you even have access to some of hunt-
ers' first recognized "most wanted" — creatures that have
been encountered but that have escaped or defeated their
would-be destroyers. By "virtue" of being on this list,
monsters are by definition considered a life-endangering
threat by the imbued who detail them. And yet, the

motives and perspectives of the chosen are as varied as the
imbued themselves. What one crusader might consider
deserving of execution, a more compassionate hunter
might find to be penitent, perhaps even worthy of salva-
tion. Indeed, personal opinion colors the content of this
entire book. What an imbued contributor might claim is
indisputable fact may actually be misguided or completely
erroneous, or such facts may simply be incorrect in the
world of your chronicle.

As always, keep Hunter's spirit in mind when using
this book. The imbued are beleaguered and disenfran-
chised, but they're also cosmopolitan. They appear all
across the globe, in every society, culture and religion,
wherever monsters dwell, lurk and dominate. If you're
a player who's fully immersed in the other World of
Darkness games and you know exactly what's "actually"
happening in Asia or Europe, keep it to yourself. Your
character doesn't know that kind of information, and
he shouldn't suddenly blurt it out in some bizarre out-
of-body channeling. You'll enjoy the game more when
you embrace your character's ignorance rather than
wrestle with it.

If you're a Storyteller, feel free to reference and
introduce anything you want from other books about
Hunter's setting. There's far more going on in the
World of Darkness than is presented here, and you of all
people should be in the know. Books such as A World


of Darkness, the Hong Kong and Tokyo sourcebooks,
Vampire's city series and Werewolf's Rage Across the
World series are good places to start (or you can ignore
all that crap and create your own unique setting, a place
that you feel is ideal for your chronicle, and that is
totally different from what initiated players think they
know about the game).

How ro Us THis Book

This book is divided into several chapters, each of
which is designed to explore and explain the developing
culture and society of the imbued as they see it, and to
examine the world's continents as hunters truly begin to
understand them.

Chapter 1: Hunter Survival Tips is practical advice
from hunters who have already become seasoned veter-
ans, even in the brief existence of the imbued.

Chapter 2: Africa details the travails of chosen from
the cradle of humanity

Chapter 3: Asia relates the experiences of an imbued
who's an outsider in his adopted home, in the Far East and
even among his own kind.

Chapter 4: Australia provides an account of bizarre
developments "down under," where supernatural crea-
tures seem to pursue an agenda unique even among their
own strange kind.

Chapter 5: Europe tours the Old World to reveal
threats and evils that have menaced the West for centuries.

Chapter 6: North America recognizes that the im-
bued emerge among all races, cultures and religions, and
investigates the impact on minorities.

Chapter 7: South America explores the world's ne-
glected child to illustrate how corruption prospers while
international attention is drawn elsewhere.

Chapter 8: The Most Wanted details a handful of
creatures that got away and remain at large; some of the
first, worst offenders arrayed against the imbued.

A Word aeour vue Inverner

The Internet is one of the most powerful weapons in
hunters' arsenal. It allows them to perceive and establish
agenuine culture through the interchange of ideas. As
time goes on and more hunters propose and debate their
similarities and differences, the creeds themselves begin
to take shape as political, ideological and even religious
organizations. The Internet also gives hunters the op-
portunity to discuss the fundamentals of their mission
and ways to deal with creatures, to dispatch warnings and
to give advice on the uses of their strange capabilities.

The Internet of the World of Darkness is basically
that of the real world, with some mysterious and super-
natural elements thrown in. The two can therefore be
compared in a general sense. If you're net-savvy, you may
have already noticed some "holes" or even apparent
impossibilities in how the net operates for the imbued
The crux of the matter is: Why haven't technically adept
monsters fully caught on to what hunters are up to? What
keeps monsters in the dark or at bay? Sure, the imbued

INTRODUCTION: THE REAL WORLD

fear online intrusion by the enemy, and there are signs
that such compromise has occurred (the loss of the first
hunter-net, for example), but why has it happened on
such a limited basis where an instantaneous, worldwide
communication system is concerned?

Secrecy and privacy on the Internet are function-
ally impossible. They are a continuous struggle, at best.
Even with nearly unlimited funding, security is never
absolute — just ask the Pentagon or Microsoft. If you're
experienced with other World of Darkness games, you
know that hunters' security problems are compounded
by groups of supernatural creatures that are highly
adept with Internet technology. (We're taking prima-
rily about mages, but even some werewolves are at
home with high tech!)

Take just one factor, but a huge component of the
forming imbued culture, email. Email doesn't just exist on
a sender and receiver's computer (even if they were ¢
cure). It exists for a time on the computers of the people
who run the email service, and it exists on several huge
computers that record and forward mail though the main
trunklines of the Internet. All a "techno-monster" has to
do is use her supernatural powers to subvert even the most
robust mortal firewall and she learns a lot about your
character's other life by reading his email.

Founded on email, hunter-net is not secure. As men-
tioned earlier, someone or something destroyed the website
and list at least once (see Chapter 1 of the rulebook). The
same or other forces have also undoubtedly outwitted the
techs who support the network in general, and have
discovered multiple hunters' true identities or locations.
It's almost certain that some imbued have lost their live
due to such breaches. And yet, the net remains hunters'
most vital means to organize, exchange ideas and establish
an identity. Hunters are a burgeoning cyber-culture, de-
spite the inherent dangers.

The Internet is too complex and dynamic for us to
cover every means by which hunters' presence could be
compromised — or protected. And as was said, some
hacker (or monster-hacker) eventually finds a way
through, around or behind any protection. The follow-
ing are therefore guidelines that we suggest for online
hunter-monster interaction in your game. We hope that
the dynamics of the Internet will become part of your
chronicle, but that means taking the good with the bad.
These points indicate how hunter-net is organized, and
offer rationales for how hunters' online presence remains
a relative secret

Before creatures can use hunters' Internet presence
against the humans, the enemy must learn that the im-
bued are even there. Most creatures of the night have no
idea what the imbued are, much less that they use the net
to organize! Also consider that many of hunters' enemies
have no use for computers, much less the know-how to
turn one on. Many ghosts couldn't give a damn about
modern technology, and centuries-old bloodsuckers make
human slaves do their accounting. Thus, the imbued
largely escape notice online because few enemies know to
look for them, there or anywhere.


UNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

For the time being, hunters as a group are also very
young. They have just joined (or been made aware of?)
true World of Darkness cosmology. Given the millennia
of momentum behind the supernatural, such a foundling
group attracts almost no attention. To ancient eyes,
these odd people are mere upstart mortals, if that.
Hunters simply haven't been in existence long
enough to make an impact, let alone to leave an
Internet footprint. They are still easy to overlook.
(Time passes quickly on the net, though. Most (Ay
chips have a production life span of months, not
years. The clock is ticking for hunters' electronic
anonymity.)

As for human hackers — normal people who
crack the "chosen" code — few would bother with
such small fry, especially ones who post nonsensi-
cal or fanatical bullshit. Why screw with them?
There's no glory in adding these crackpots toa kill
list. Danger from human attack online thus comes
from incidental damage: viruses and
the possibility of a website about
murders and other illegal activi
ties being reported to
law-enforcement agencies.

Fortunately, hunters don't know
the real names of the things with which
they deal. Sure, "vampire" isa common
term found in one form or another in
various cultures, but the imbued have to
devise their own names when they enter
foreign territory. (What exactly do you
call a ten-foot-tall, blue-skinned, muscle-
bound brute?) That said, the content of
hunter email rarely raises any warning flags
among creatures that observe the net. Dis-
cussing "werewolves" or "ghosts" online
indicates no knowledge of these creatures'
true nature or existence, and so
does not attract their attention.

The same can be said for use of
terms such as "bloodsuckers,"
"goblins" or "man-beasts." Such
names are just so much more static
from the ignorant human masses
nothing to worry about.

The same ignorance allows
hunters' posts to slip under the ra-
dar of human hackers. Posts about
killing demons and vampires are
old hat to web geeks; they did all
that in their far less "cool"
roleplaying days. Such emails are by
no means genuine confessions of
murder to hacker eyes.

The designers of hunter-net (and
other hunter-related sites) also enact
policies to secure their sites. Hunter-net email ser-
vices, for example, are web-based; an imbued with
access to an Internet connection and a web browser
can log-on and get her mail from anywhere. Hunter-


net is not an Internet Service Provider like Mindspring or
AOL, so posters have to gain their general Internet access
from independent sources. Thus, no central registry of
hunter information exists, and the computers that run
hunter-net can be moved around.

Those brave chosen who run the service keep infor-
mation on users to a minimum. Techs do not archive
email and do not keep any message on their servers for
long. "Read it or lose it," is the unspoken rule. The
managers also mandate users to update passwords at ir-
regular intervals, and they never ask for personal
information that may reveal a contributors real name or
address when establishing a subscription. Finally, admis-
sion to hunter-net is by invitation only and multiple
levels of security are used to verify the identity of any
would-be subscriber.

Whether they know it or not, hunters online also
seem to have an ace in the hole, their best asset: the
Messengers. Simply put, some weird things have hap-
pened online that no known website designer has actively
intended, and no one can explain the phenomena. The
surprising resurfacing of hunter-net after its crash is a
primary example. Various net-hunters believe others re-
sponsible for the restoration of the site, but no one claims
full credit.

So who got the site back up? The forces that create
the imbued in the first place, some say. There's some
credence to this theory. Select hunters profess to be
able to reinforce online security, create firewalls and
manipulate systems with their edges. The fact that new
edges are frequently reported through online dialogue

only reinforces such possibilities, although which groups
among hunters may possess powers over technology is
still unknown

A few imbued who take the long view of the hunt,
even in these early days, are not surprised by the notion
of Herald intervention online. These philosophers point
to hunters' instinctive adoption of the Internet as a
fundamental tool, positing that the net is intrinsic to

INTRODUCTION: THE REAL WORLD

imbued destiny and purpose. Perhaps the electronic
world can be cleansed of monstrous manipulation whereas
the material world is too far gone. Is the Internet a world
to inherit, where human identity might exist unmo-
lested? Perhaps that's what the Messengers had in mind
all along, and they lead the way into the electronic
realm. Who can say for certain when so much about the
Heralds is unknown?

And yet, there are the inevitable hunters who think
this is all bullshit. What good isa tool like the net that you
can't hold in your hands, they say. To them, a 2x4 or
broken-off golf club fosters all the communication they
need. There's no risk of jeopardy ot compromise behind
the business end of a tire iron. For these people, no-
nonsense tools are more than enough to win the war and
the world, Internet be damned.

Hunvee-ney Hanpirs

Hunter-net and some other mailing lists apply a
numbering system to member names, with results such as
"Bookworm55." Hunter-net is not AOL — the numbers
are there for a reason. The techs call them "position
numbers." They're assigned in the approximate order in
which hunters join the lists. So Steelworker22 has been
asubscriber longer than Steelworker! 22. Don't be fooled
by position numbers, though. They are not necessarily
an indication of a hunter's experience in the fight. One

of the first people ever imbued may have joined hunter-
net right away, but is a lurker and doesn't actually hunt
much. Meanwhile, another hunter might become sea
soned through his own personal crusade, and discovers
hunter-net later on. The wannabe has a lower number on
the list, but he's nowhere near the veteran that is the
newcomer. Then again, position numbers might indeed
reflect experience. The proof is in the wisdom, passion
and hands-on application of a subscriber's posts — and

in his continued existence.

The bottom line is, don't assume position number is
necessarily a reflection of your characte:
or of another hunter's

s capabilities

|
:

|
|
!

rad
kik


&

=. Lae e a2 Homepage & Printing

=

Subject: [Life and Death |

If you want to live, you will hark to the commandments contained
this document. Yes, they are written in stone. Treat this document as you

what it happens to be.

Those of you who do not make the effort to memorize these instructions, cc

If you want to die, you're part of the problem.

within
1 would

treat any other tablet brought down from Heaven, because, quite simply that is

Although | despise the need to repeat myself among you people, I'll say it again.

ompiled

out of my own loving kindness, have set yourselves apart from my mercy and my aid,
and | leave you to your own inept devices. Read this document out loud until you
have it word-perfect. Sleep with a copy of it under your pillow. Eat it. Breathe it.

The fact that I am still alive and active in the game despite my seniority is the
only credential I need. Many of youknow me by my various cover identities, which

To: /hunter.list@hunter-net.org E
From: |g0d45 Meee MeSityes
Copied To: es

Areliable source tells me to check in here and introduce myself. If you're engaged, like | am, in
ecrusade against the propagation of death, then we might be able toshare information and support.
Working independently, I've accounted for three puppetmasters and 13 drones. As far as they
weeconcerned, I was God come down to punish them personally. This game of solitaire is dangerous
adpotentially wasteful, but I have no desire ally myself. You might simply know something | need.
Don't bother replying to this note because it has no return address. I'll be back in touch.
Your security system is a crime against sense and self-preservation.

I am not stupid enough to disclose on this insecure list. That is all I care to say.
Next Page>>>

Email Program B

Subject: fet for More Rat-Killing Dogs |
: y be
To:| hunter. list@hunter-net.org }
From: | <sender unidentified> MSeate MeSthes
Copied To: I


<<<Continued from First Page

Tou Suatr

Follow these commandments in both letter and spirit and
you will live to hunt another day. They are not "helpful tips"
or "options." They are mandatory. I do not suffer fools, and you
can be assured that Heaven is less forgiving than I am.

You will note that I have appended various examples
and other supplemental material to these commandments.
Although these are meant as illustrations, the careful reader
will find it simple to extrapolate various auxiliary codes for
safe behavior from these grim cautionary tales, the misad-
ventures of your colleagues.

Caws oF Rrvenrion

Thou shalt pay attention to thy surroundings at all
times. Remember always that sleep has more in common
with death than the average person cares to admit. You risk
destruction every time you allow your eyes to close or your
attention to flag.

A successful hunter simply cannot afford to let his atten-
tion slip for the slightest moment. You are always on duty —
there are no sick days in our vocation, and no coffee breaks.
You are most likely to court death when your guard is down.

Why is this crucial? You are fighting a war in which you
are always outnumbered and always outgunned, and so the
only edge you have is the multiplication of tactical factors (I
will return to this below). You cannot acquire the tactical

Tm

edge unless you are aware of it before your adversary, and to
become aware of latent factors in your environment, you
need to keep your eyes open — wide.

Furthermore, if | need to remind you that the first few
seconds of an encounter are the most important, we are both
wasting our time here. Ambush is the least survivable of all
tactical situations, and awareness is your best defense to avoid it.
Sray Awake

Keep your eyes open. Like most humans, you have been
lied to, programmed to believe that you require far more rest
than is actually the case. Fight this programming, because, as
1 am so often forced to repeat, the wage of sleep is death.

Too many hunters have died or otherwise surrendered
their vocation because the monsters caught them in their
sleep. To repair this weak link in your armor, I recommend
you train yourself to get by on no more than three hours of
sleep per 24-hour period. Because the body quickly builds up
a tolerance to large doses of caffeine, and my position on
illegal drugs can be found below, I suggest the beginner rely
on distractions such as long late-night walks and physical
pain (self-inflicted or otherwise) to jolt the weary senses.

Remember that monsters rule the night, and it is espe-
cially important that you be in a position of preparedness
during their nocturnal hours of ascendancy.

Reab vu Sicns

You have been granted several avenues for gathering

information about monsters. Some of these are universal (your


own deductive skills, your own senses, the Angelic Decree),
others are special gifts of the hunt that must be earned or
teceived through inscrutable grace. In any case, it is your
responsibility to strive unceasingly touse these skills in the hunt.

You will most likely survive if you live as though this
were the least perfect of all possible worlds. Or, to put it more
simply, you must judge every stranger you encounter on the
sidewalk, every chance meeting, every moment of every day
of your life as guilty until you can prove it innocent. Monsters
can lurk behind every face. Corruption hides behind even
the purest-seeming facades.

Interrogate the Angel, even if it simply delivers a mes-
sage and otherwise remains mute. Watch the children you
see playing for signs of abuse or preternatural sin. Scrutinize
young lovers for signs of being unnaturally healthy,
undeservingly happy. Dis ry moment until it surren-
ders evidence of the evil underneath, and then act to eradicate
that evil, root and vine.

Thou shalt pay attention to thy surroundings at all
times. Keep your eyes open and keep alert to the slightest
change in your immediate location. If you are in a crowded
place, pinpoint every thread of conversation going on around
you. Know the names and frailties of everyone you meet —
sexual weakness ‘andals, regrets. These are the wires by
which the monsters will make your fellows dance, so learn
how they may best be snipped.

Caurionany Tate

Icannot count the number ofneophytes who became
adanger to themselves and their colleagues after monsters
co-opted their very dreams, Even if sleep did not rob the
hunter of his tactical edge by forcing a period of dormancy
and blindness, this phenomenon of dream- or subcon-
scious parasitism would be a powerful enough argument
against laziness.

The case of BlueGirl76 is instructive. She at-
tracted the attention of entities who visited her in her
sleep, implanting certain instructions into her mind
when she was at her most vulnerable. I have it on good
authority that the burns will heal someday, but the
doctors are less optimistic about her sanity. Call them
"chimeroids," call them "dream-ghosts" — classifica-
tions fade in the stink of blistered skin.

Stay awake.

Garner Dave

This is a closely related point, but important to enforce.
Once you have uncovered signs of monsters at work, your
work has only begun. In order to survive, you must dig deeper,
exposing the nature and characteristics of the monster you
fight as though you were exhuming a corpse from the dirt

The more you know about the creatures, the better you
are able to surprise them, to use their own patterns of habit
against them. Learn their weaknesses and their strengths and
prepare for both. Ambush is one of your most effective
weapons. Use it whenever possible.

Follow every lead. Research even those elements of the
game that seem minor or irrelevant. Nothing is irrelevant,

CHAPTER i: SURVIVAL TIPS

even the patterns of dust in one of the killers' charnel houses
can point the way. Solve even the most obscure riddles posed
to you by the Angel.

Live in libraries if you can. Study law, history, politics
and art for clues to where the monsters hide. Pay closest
attention to the obituaries, for these will list the names of
your next enemies.

Despite slanderous claims against me in this very forum,
I do not encourage you to interrogate captured game or the
accomplices thereof. Torture and intimidation are inelegant
tools, to be used only when the precise implements of
research and intuition fail. Still, they are effective, and I
doubt that even my detractors would have you believe that
an effective weapon of survival should be discarded in toto.

Interview those who have been harmed by the monsters,
even indirectly. They need not be aware of the nature of their
oppressors to know some useful trivia about the beasts —
where a monster resides, what it fears, what it hungers for.
Rely on this intelligence, but always be subtle, for remember
that the entities you hunt would sooner be hunting you.

Honor Ty Insyrumenys aND Kes nem Hoty

You are the only beacon humanity has to keep the
darkness away. You are the stone in the wall of innocence,
keeping the monster out. Youare your own best weapon, your
own sword, shield and armor.

Treat yourself with the respect your role deserves. If it is
raining or cold, come inside. If you are hungry or thirsty, eat
or drink. If you are hurt, seek medical attention. To do
otherwise is to rob yourself of strength unnecessarily and this,
in turn, robs the human race of one of its few protectors. This
is not hubris. This is good tactics.

Two Quick Exercises

First, | want you to go to a crowded place where
there is a lot of conversation. Focus your attention at
nothing in particular — a newspaper, an empty coffee
cup. Concentrate on hearing everything said around
you and work on weaving every sentence into the
conversation to which it belongs. Once you have
done that, determine which people are having which
conversation. Do not cheat by looking.

Second, walk through a crowded street. Be aware
of everyone around you, paying special attention to
their movements. Watch the shadows on the sidewalk
and make some gesture immediately before anyone
passes you from behind — perhaps a wave, a blink, or
some shuffle of the feet. This action will allow you to
time others' approach, distance and proximity, in an-
ticipation of the day or night when the shadow is cast
by the unliving. Above all else, do not allow anyone in
the crowd to come within a yard of your body, even if
it requires you to maneuver adroitly.

When you have mastered both of these exercises,
you are ready to learn how to look for monsters.


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Rewarnin ve MUNDANE

I would be the first to agree with Builder50 that Western
society is almost irretrievably corrupt, ripe with the taint of
unnatural influence, like a house that stinks of urine. The
monsters grow fat in all the high places, while we struggle to
comprehend how the structures that seemed so innocent
when we were children have grown so foul

Still, the heart of the slime is where truth dwells. You will
find the core of your power in the crowd, in your simple
meaningless interaction with other human beings. Watch the
faces of the crowd. Watch the children before they are twisted
by the monsters, and watch the faces of your friends and family
as they sag under the weight of slavery and other lies.

Sometimes, just often enough, you will see them forget
to be slaves. In these moments, they reveal themselves to you
as they could have been, ina world less dark, on an Earth that
we and we alone have inherited

Cherish these moments and keep them in mind when the
monsters push you past your limits. When you haven't slept in
two days, when you've been shot in the stomach and you've
wrapped yourself in tape to keep your insides in, when they're
chewing on your wrists, think of how we could have been

Remaining in contact with the cesspool monsters have
made of out species might keep you from screaming. It might
even keep you from giving up. There is no other benefit, but
this is important enough, I think.
Kesp Your Pownce Day

By this | mean not only the obvious (maintain your
munitions with the respect they deserve), but something
more subtle. You do none of us, least of all yourself, any good

if you allow your body, mind or spirit to grow ineffective
through lack of proper maintenance.

Your body in particular is your most necessary weapon and
mode of transportation. It requires fuel in the form of fresh,
nutritious food, and it requires maintenance. If you do not eat,
you will lessen your effectiveness. understand that many of you
are convinced that this is a waste and an act of self-glorification,
but that is nonsense. Even Dictatrix1 | understands that if she
does not put gas in her car, it will not run. The body is the same.

Likewise, clean yourselves. Filth is not productive because
it encourages disease to be used as a weapon. Moreover, main-
taining a base level of hygiene allows you to move more easily in
the crowd, prevents you from attracting attention and simulta-
neously makes it easier for you to gather information or support

As my requirements on the topic of sleep show, | am far
from a hedonist, so you should not take this commandment in
that vein. Like you, I harbor no illusions about the questionable
joys of the flesh, nor do I enjoy spending resources on my own
care and feeding that could be equally used to further the hunt.

However, unlike you pathetic "martyrs," I recognize the
utility of the body. Keep your powder dry. If you are too weak
torun, youare no use to the rest of us. Honor thy instrument

Cucrvave Pavicnes

I have seen more of our kind destroyed by impatience
than by any other failing. We are all thirsty for victory; we all
want this war to end, so we can go home and rest or for
whatever other reasons.

Ic will not end until all the cities are plumbed to their
deepest basement and all the dead have been forced to give up

of tx

_—_


all they have stolen. In other words, you are here for the long
crusade, so there is no sense in getting sloppy with eagerness.
It doesn't change anything. It only causes mistakes.

Goin Fisuing

I suppose it's up to me to close the case of Sherone
Engel. She was, as you may know, one of our best,
combining the acuity of a former theology student with
the determination ofan athlete. She was one of the most
dedicated of us, cutting herself off from friends, then
school, then family in her pursuit of the enemy.

Sadly, I saw her in one of the monster pits last night,
in one of the fetish clubs in Frankfurt that cater to this
century's morbid fascination with death. Needless to
say, she did not recognize me, but I recognized her from
her leaflets.

I made a sign of recognition but she was too busy
receiving homage from the fetishists to notice. They
hoisted her in a chair made of the bones of grown men
and abased themselves before her.

The Angel confirmed my worst fears: "SHE IS
THEIRS."

"It happened so easily," she told me later that night,
as | heard her confession. "I forgot daylight."

Puan rie Excoumrer

Plan every nuance of your confrontations. Strike only
when all the pieces are in place, and when you have prepared
for every possible contingency. If you are hunting one of the
blood drinkers, be ready for all of the apparent types, solitary
and communal. Have three complete strategies in mind,
because the first two will go wrong. Carry auxiliary weapons.
Be able to call for reinforcements, if you have any.
Sruure Rom Rea

Related to the urge to force a confrontation before all the
elements are in your favor is the urge to confront the enemy
directly. Resist this urge at all times. If you have put yourself in
asituation that can only be resolved by direct, physical contact
with the game, you are taking too many risks.

Become adept at the arts of remote gratification. Culti-
vate contacts who can procure explosives for you. Determine
which of the monsters have rivalries and lure them into one
another's territories. Sabotage vital machinery. Acquire a
weapon with telescopic sights.

Above all, remember that you are too close if youcansee
into the monster's eyes. They can do things with their eyes.

Kez Your Oprions Orex

This is a corollary rule following from what has gone
before, but I will stress it again to drill it into your heads. You
must always be flexible, and this means having a back-up
means of defense or route of escape.

There are few things more stupid than a stationary fight
ina cul-de-sac. One to one, they are stronger than we are.
Therefore, try to keep the battle moving, as this allows you
to needle at the enemy, tormenting it, wearing down its
strength until you finally exhaust it.

Only then is it safe to beard the lion. Before this point,
however, it is your responsibility to your vocation to eng
in no act that sacrifices your freedom of action or movement.
Stay flexible, while acting to impede the freedom of the
monster you hunt.

Yue Hun on a Budcer

The resourceful hunter can survive on only a few
dollars a day. This allows him to stretch his savings or,
should he have drained these already, make do on the
kindness of strangers.

First, bread is cheap. You can find enough bread to
live on forabouta dollara day, maximum. This represents
two day-old loaves. Even a talentless beggar should be
able to earn this much in the course of a few hours' work.

Should you be more talented at begging, supple-
ment this diet with bruised vegetables, available from
supermarkets and corner groceries. Juice overripe fruit
or simply cut away the unappetizing portions. Pet food,
offal and other commonly ignored animal products are
an inexpensive source of protein — simply ask a local
butcher for bones, organs or blood "for a pet

As for shelter, college campuses generally have lax
security, should you be able to mingle with the natives.
Campuses are also active at all hours, day and night.
Other places of refuge include train and bus stations
(which are heated and contain full toilet facilities),
abandoned buildings and steam tunnels.

There. | just showed you how to survive on a dollar a
day, should you resort to quitting your job and dropping out
of society. You can spend the rest on ammunition.

Tou Suatr Nor

"Never say never" is a favored slogan of those too blind
tosee the eternal nature of truth. In our vocation as in others,
there are certain tactics that are always unwise. To follow
these paths will ensure your destruction, or worse sabotage
the efforts of others.

If you engage in any of these activities, you will meet a
gruesome fate, sooner rather than later. You will be maimed,
humiliated, ridiculed, neutralized, co-opted, possessed, betrayed
orkilled. They will take your organs while you watch, debase you
grotesquely, force you to torture and murder or make you over
in their likeness. They will tum you against our kind.

Say never.
stop living.

Never Huny Atonr

As with much of this material, this should be obvious,
yet I include it here to instruct the recently turned and to
remind those of us who should know better.

y it often. More importantly, live it. Or

Never engage the enemy directly unless you are either in
contact with any allies or else you have entrusted your notes to
posterity. You will note that this second course of action indicates
that the hunter has resigned himself to death, and as such should
not be relied upon to act perfectly in his own best interests. If


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

another makes out a will or puts his files in order, watch him
carefully for "accidents." He could compromise you, too.
Never Mane Unse cure Transmissions

You should remain in continual contact with others of our
kind while on the hunt proper. I recommend wireless tele-
phones for efficiency and portability, but never compromise
the hunt by referring directly to our unique concerns over this
medium. Wireless conversations are subject to heavy monitor-
ing and can be recorded and traced by our opponents.

Extrapolating from this basic principle, you are never
to refer to "v_mp_r_s" or "gh_sts" or similar matters over
any publicly accessible or mass communications medium.
To speak with your colleagues about the hunt, use any of the
informal euphemisms we have created for this purpose.
There is no protocol for speaking with non-combatants
about the hunt, because this amounts to suicide.

1am often criticized for being inflexible in this matter.
However, I am alive while any number of would-be popular-
izers have shouted "v_mp_r_s" at the top of their lungs on a
radio program or over the Internet, and have never been
heard from again.

Tobe blunt, you do not want to tip yourhand. We know,
but they do not know who among us knows. Let's keep it that
way, because, as above, surprise is one of the few tactical
edges we possess.

Never Leave Hosr aces

Every hunter in the hands of monsters is a liability to us
all. The rescue or elimination of the captured is your obligation
not only to yourself and the safety of your group, but to your
fellow hunters and to the prisoner himself

Crooss One: Honor or Sunvivat

Two hunter groups have targeted the same rot. The
first group spends six weeks monitoring the creature's
movements and becoming familiar with its patterns. At
the end of this time, they set an ambush for the game and
destroy it by running high-voltage current through the
area. No hunters are harmed, although the creature has
consumed approximately 50 defenseless during the sur-
veillance period.

The second group immediately confronts the rot on
first encounter. Unfortunately, few of the hunters carry
armaments appropriate to this type of creature, and the
group only triumphs after taking extreme casualties —
let's say half of the team is immobilized or killed. For the
sake of the example, none of the hunters are injured by
friendly fire. The only defenseless casualty is the woman
the creature was feeding upon when encountered.

Q: Which group is in the right and which is in the
wrong?

A: This is a trick question. Both groups are correct,
although one is clearly more cautious than the other and
survives to strike again.

Although many of monsters' more subtle modes of sub:
orning humans do not seem to work on hunters, I stress that we
cannot be sure of this. In theory, there is nothing preventing
the creatures from using any of their insidious hypnotic abil
ties on us, should they find the right combination of factors
that allows them to do so. Do not hand them a subject to


experiment on. Should one of your people be captured or left
behind in enemy territory, do the honorable thing.

Such subtle considerations aside, keep in mind that the
creatures are perfectly able to use mundane methods of coercion
(torture, brainwashing, seduction, deceit or combinations
thereof) to extract information or loyalty from us. Nobody wants
tosee his family strung by their viscera froma utility pole because
atrusted "ally" revealed addresses and telephone numbers.

Remember the golden rule. You would not want to help
monsters by leaking information, not even under duress of
pain or mutilation. Give your colleagues the same respect. If
you cannot immediately rescue them, kill them.

Never Expose Your Yocarion

Youare nota whore, revealing herself to every gawker to
happen by. You are a hunter, and as such your vocation has
nothing to do with self-expression, confession or any other
exhibitionistic weakness of the spirit.

Iam continually sickened by those who flaunt their
backgrounds and personal qualities. Not only is this irrel-
evant to our work, it is dangerous. By broadcasting these
details, they essentially nail up "wanted" posters with their
own faces on them. And, should they be captured by the
enemy or coerced through blackmail or kidnapping, we have
a hostage situation — i.e. the remainder of us have been
compromised, putting us all in extreme danger.

Gossiping about irrelevant matters gives the creatures
hints to our identities. It is suicide to jabber on about how "I
ama truck driver in Kenya" or "Lam a Pakistani woman living
inLondon." How exciting for you. This is not a game. We are
dealing with creatures that would not hesitate to methodically
slit the throat of every single Pakistani woman in London, one
by one, until they find you.

Youdo not know my name, age or occupation. Youdonot
know how (or if!) I was educated, or what part of the world I
livein. Although you have probably speculated on my gender,
Isubmit to you that any clues you may be following may be red
herrings I have deliberately planted. Or not.

1am God45. That is all. I have erased my personal history,
bothin this forum and outside the Internet, through the surgical
destruction of certain documents. | have no family to be used
against me and, through me, you. Do me the same courtesy.
Keven Iweticare vHe Dtensetess

Likewise, show courtesy to the normal people you leave
tehind by keeping your activities secret. They do not share
our vocation and should be allowed to fill their own lives as
best they can. This is the closest to free will that many of
them will ever enjoy.

This is especially true if you have maintained family
connections or friends. These poor people already risk ter-
tible reprisals from the enemy if their connection to you
becomes apparent. Do not magnify the risk by dragging them
into a world they did not ask to see.

Never Become a Y ance

You are the hunter, not the prey. Any course of action
that reverses these roles is an error to be avoided at all costs.
Hunters most commonly make this error by running afoul of
the law, but any encounter with the enemy can leave you
subject to humiliation and harassment, if not persecution to
the point of madness or death.

CHAPTER i: SURVIVAL VIPS

Remember that this is still their world, not ours. They
control the police, the courts, the media. If you come to their
attention — or the attention of their puppets — they will
destroy you.

Stay out of the spotlight. Be one of the cattle. Keep a low
profile. Never allow anyone into the closed inner circle of
your life, for if they find their way to your soft underbelly, you
can be assured they will gnaw at it until there is nothing left.

If youbecome the subject of police ormediaattention, keep
the hunt secret. To their eyes, you are one of the cattle. There
is no such thing as monsters, and you are at best hapless and
confused, perhaps suffering temporary delirium. Blame mun-
dane motivations for your hunting activity — jealousy, greed,
rage. The more venal the lie you tell, the more sympathetic the
monsters will find it, as it will remind them of themselves.

If the police or media get their hands on you (or worse,
should you be captured by monsters), you are on their home
court and they have the advantage. To escape, any stratagem
acceptable to you is permissible. Use the monsters' tactics.
Lie. Steal. Betray.

Thad a son... once.

Sunting vie Sarery Nev

This Internet domain and its associated mirrors and
archives are sacrosanct. Thou shalt not profane hunter-net
by making its presence known to anyone. Colleagues will
find their way here on their own, relying on the Angelic
Decree. The e-lodge is the business of no one else.

Never save your hunter-net passwords or log-in
information on any computer. Never download any
documents from this domain or its associated sites. If you
cannot entrust information to memory, make a hard
copy using the anonymous mirror.

I encourage you to change your password and en-
cryption key no less frequently than once per week, or
more often if you are a frequent poster. Never dissemi-
nate any true information about yourself, your
background or your whereabouts on this site or any
other network resource.

Failure to comply with these prohibitions should
result in the freezing of your accounts and the termina-
tion of your secure communications privileges.

Dov' Ger Gaucur

Ic's that simple. Every plan should include an escape,
followed by a clean-up. You should expect to be at least 10
miles from the scene no more than 30 minutes after you play
your hand. If this is impossible, you have (a) allowed the
situation to get out of control, in which case the plan has
failed and you should abort anyway, or (b) you have become
too wrapped in the game — i.e., careless.

I don't care how many drones are in the house. Get in.
Find the puppetmaster. Administer justice. Get out. You can
clean up the drones next week or next month, or simply let
them decay. Don't waste time going room to room. Every
minute brings you 60 seconds closer to police custody

Ours is a war of attrition, and so it is a bitter victory at
best if you achieve your objectives but are yourself captured
by the monsters or their minions. The surgical strike is better
Do damage. Disappear. Repeat.



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

Email Program

Subject: | Arrica Is BURNING

To:| hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From:|_JagerS1

Meee mMeSeyes

Copied To:

Are you all mad? There are monsters walking the Earth while you sit and argue about motivations and moral issues! You
sound like you're more concerned about being right than you are about saving lives. A few of you, I reckon, are just cowards.
You know who you are. Beat your chests and how! all you want, but any fool can look in the list archives and see who spends
more time posting than hunting.

Why do you think our eyes have been opened? Why do you think we've been given these powers? Because our race is in
danger of enslavement — or worse. Don't give me this shit about holy Messengers, because for every real hunter in Africa there
ae five damn kaffirs who think that anything with white skin is a monster. We haven't been given anything — we're
remembering abilities our ancestors used when they first took the land away from the beasts. Why else do we have legends about
monsters? They have always been with us, and we took the Earth away from them with sw

back.

at and blood. Now they want it

| __ Tknew this from the beginning, from the first moment I set eyes on a rot. I had just gone off-watch that night when the
_ all came in about a disturbance over in Constantiaberg. I was halfway out of the station house and heading home when | got
the feeling the boys might need backup, so I offered to ride along. It could have been nothing more than a family spat, but

something told me that I needed to be there. Cops don't live long without trusting their instincts.

There was blood everywhere. The house had a high wall, a pair of dogs and an expensive security system. The dogs were
inpieces, literally ripped apart. They were the lucky ones. It took the pathologists a week to officially identify the family. The
officer who first came upon the nursery hasn't been the same since.

A single pair of bloody handprints were left by whoever climbed the back wall of the property. I could hear something
thrashing through the trees beyond. The stone made deep cuts in my hands and arms as I went over. | didn't feel it. The only
thing that mattered was making the bastard pay for what he'd done.

Itwas like chasing a wildebeest through the bush. The thing was strong, but not very fast. | caught up to him in the shadows

_ beneath an old acacia tree. He was a big kaffir. The scars on his broad shoulders told me he'd fought with the polisie more than
once. The black turned on me with a strange, whistling snarl. His teeth were slick with blood. There was no life in his e
and when he rushed at me I could see that his throat had been slit from ear to ear. A shock went through me, like getting hit

with ice water. IT'S NOT ALIVE, I suddenly realized. IT DOES NOT LIVE.

;

My pistol was in my hand. I shot him four times before he knocked the gun away and grabbed my throat. We screamed
ateach other as he lifted me clear off the ground. Kicking the thing was like hitting a tree. Something made me grab my riot
stick and I put everything I had into one swing. The damned thing's head burst like a rotten melon. When I hit the ground,
Iremember thinking that I wasn't glad to be alive, or even proud I'd killed it. Later, all I could think of was a sea of dark faces,
thethieves, the murderers, the terrorists we'd put down, crawling back out of the ground. No wall, no gun, no door would stop
them. But I sensed that I could. Somehow, I had to stem the tide.

In the days that followed, I learned that things were much worse than I thought.

_ _ While we've been building our cities and growing soft on junk food and television, the beasts have been multiplying.
They've been watching us and learning our weaknesses. We've forgotten their ways, and they have crept in among us, a bit

| atatime. Up till now, they've kept hidden — even lions know better than to confront a herd head-on. But they're growing
bolder. The time is coming when they will take us by the throat and plunge us into Hell on Earth. In places like Rwanda and

Somalia, the fires have already begun.

Itis not enough for us to stake a claim on a house, a tenement block or the streets of a single city. We are fighting for the
entire world. There's no way to know if or when others might awaken to the enemies in our midst. We certainly can't force them
toopen their eyes, and even then we can't guarantee that they won't misuse their powers like the blacks do. So we've got to
work together and hit the fiends before they can consolidate their forces. Africa is the front line. Believe that. Nowhere else
inthe world is there so much wealth, land and power ripe for the taking. South Africa is bleeding dry from crime and corruption,
vhile monsters slaughter the helpless in Mozambique, Angola and the Congo. Algeria and Egypt are torn by religious war:
and the beasts rule openly in Mogadishu. Is it so hard to believe? Come see for yourself. The war to end all w:
Aftica is burning. If we don't answer the call, the rest of the world will go up in flames.

has begun.

{next pagel...


previous page]..

Horacrory He Dawn

Subject: Re: Hell no, we won't go!
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Cop90 wrote:

> No way I'm going to go off and die in some third world
shit-hole while we've got

> problms here in the good ol USA

Good God, this is the kind of stupidity I'm talking about.
Africa isa lot more than jungles and kaffirs, man! Nearly all the
Jiamond exports come from Namibia, South Africa and
Botswana. South Africa is the world's largest producer of gold
and platinum, while Zambia and Niger contain rich veins of
uranium. Libya and Tunisia supply millions of gallons of petro-
leum to the world's industrialized nations, and recent geological
surveys hint at untapped oil reserves off the coast of Guinea-
Bissau. Egypt is the cultural center of the Arab world. Who
knows what secrets the monsters might hide in ancient cities
like Alexandria or Luxor?

But it's more than that. I've heard tell of the beauty of the
North American forests and the wonder of the Amazon, but
nothing compares to the beauty of the Cape, or to the lush green
life and the roaring waters of the Congo. When the thunder rolls
across the veldt, you feel it in your bones. There's power here.

You look out at the mountains and you know it, down to your
soul. Africa is the cradle of life. It all began here.

The only thing keeping Africa from becoming a major
world power is Africa itself. The continent is split into 55
countries, and more than a thousand languages are spoken here.
At the beginning of the century most of the continent was
divided up and run by Britain and France, who built roads,
schools and kept order in the interests of getting at Africa's
resources. After World War II, all that changed. The European
powers had been bled dry and couldn't afford to hold onto their
colonies. Britain and France pulled out over the course of the
'50s and '60s, and when the locals took control, everything went
toshit. Political upheavals, revolts, wars and widespread corrup-
tion dragged many countries into chaos, while others such as
Angola, Nigeria and the Congo became playing pieces for
America and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. Things
settled down somewhat during the '80s, but if you ask me, it's
because of the beasts. They moved in duringall the upheaval and
set things up to suit themselves.

There are almost as many religions as there are languages in
Africa, but the major beliefs are Christianity, Islam and bastard
fusions of Christianity and local kaffir religions. Every tribe in
the bush has its own mumbo-jumbo about earth spirits and the
lands of the dead. The damnable thing is that some of these
savages have been awakened, but their beliefs forbid them from
fighting the beasts! They actually welcome the goddamned
things. Someone explain that to me, if you can.

There is no way to make sweeping statements about Africa
tad the situations hunters face across the continent. It's differ-
tatalmost everywhere you go. Over the last couple of months,
Tre put together dossiers on different parts of the land and
«lected reports from other hunters operating in those regions.
{mgoing to put everything I've got on the list over the next few
tays,so you have an idea of what we're up against. Over the years
Ive collected a lot of contacts across the continent, and I'm
eating a network to support our activities. I'll pass what | have
tothe list. I'll also give what advice I can about hunting in
Afica. Believe me, my eyes haven't been open for long, but I've
teen a policeman all my life. Now I just hunt different prey.

Ifyou are an Afrikaner or have been in Africa recently and
lave information to share about the beasts, email me and I will
aid it to my reports. Anything you remember, even if it's
insignificant to you, might be of help tosomeone else. We've got
tostick together and look out for one another if we're ever going
totake back what's ours.

Cams AND Gomes

Subject: Arriving in-country
From: jager51
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

Intemational flights to most African countries are available
fom any major European airport. At present, only one commer-
calcarrier offers non-stop flights between the United States and
Africa, with connections from New York to Johannesburg, and
Miami to Cape Town, South Africa. Johannesburg Intemational
Airport is the major airline hub for all of southem Africa, with
connecting flights to every major African city. Passports are
necessary, of course, and most countries also require tourist or
husiness visas. Visas can be applied for by contacting the embassy
orconsulate of the country in question.

Such documents pose a definite danger for hunters —
asportsand visas provide a paper trail that allows law-enforce-
mentand customs agents to track your movements, and you can
tesure the fiends have spies in these departments. I know of one
hunter who made a circuit of several central African countries
ashe was acting on information supplied by the network and
peforming attacks ona number of confirmed monsters. Several
ofthese attacks were staged with explosives. Later, he was seized
inCape Town while passing through customs and detained on
supicion of terrorist activities. There's been no word, and I
hnow for a fact he isn't in any local jail. Be aware that your
fasport is a footprint of where you've been, so try to keep a low

P jrofileat all times. Conversely, donotattempt to travel without
oper documentation. If caught, you will be detained and
tkported. In some countries, you might find yourself in prison.

Itis possible to acquire forged travel documents, but it is
fsky. Customs officials at major airports are skilled at catching
faeries, and the penalties are serious. I have certain connec-
fons in Johannesburg who can make quality reproductions
wsing actual passport and visa blanks, but it is expensive.
Hunters stalking prey in Africa can contact me and I will put
them in touch with the right parties. We can get you several sets
affalse identities good enough to cover your trail throughout the
continent, but you must return them to us once youare finished.

Itis possible to carry unloaded handguns and rifles into
Mest countries in stored luggage, but ammunition is prohibited.
fren then, certain countries will make a security notation on

CHAPTER 2: AFRICA

your passport concerning this, and it will come to the attention
of law enforcementin the event of trouble. Better to trust to your
wits and arm yourself once you have arrived. I'll provide infor-
mation later for the contacts I trust in various countries.

Amore effective but much more time-consuming method
of slipping into and out of Africa is by ship. Freighters, tankers
and container ships call on ports daily all across the continent,
from Cape Town to Port Said. Inspections are not rigorous, and
it's possible to buy passage from a captain in need of cash. The
drawback is the travel time — two to four weeks from Europe,
six to eight weeks from America. Expect to bunk with the crew
and to be put to work during the voyage, but once in port, it is
fairly easy to slip off-ship with your gear and lose yourself in the
city. Keep in mind that bloodsuckers apparently favor this sort
oftravel, and cancrewaship with slavestokeep themsafe during
a voyage. Choose carefully when you look for passage.

Brood aso Simons

Subject: South Africa
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

There's times I walk the streets of Cape Town and think
that if there is a God, he's got an evil sense of humor.

South Africa is one of the richest and most modern
countries on the continent. Its cities are as fine as any in Europe
or America, and ten times as beautiful — standing on Lion's
Rump and looking out over Cape Town and Table Bay takes
your breath away. If it weren't for the kaffirs, it would be paradise.

Keeping control of the blacks has been a problem since the
first settlers arrived, hundreds of years ago. First the Boers, then
the British spent time and energy setting up townships, and
educating and finding work for them. They were always like
children — lazy and spiteful — and every time our backs were
tured, they tried to sabotage us. In 1912, the kaffirs went so far
as to declare their own political party, the African National
Congress, which would come to haunt us decades later. In the
1960s, Nelson Mandela and other ANC rebels caused uprisings
and armed confrontations that left dozens of people dead. We
jailed Mandela and really started sweating out the blacks after
that, trying to restore order and keep the peace. I think we could
have saved Apartheid if our government had kept its nerve
there was nothing wrong with the system itself.

Now that [ know what I know about the beasts, I think
warlocks were involved. I know for a fact that there are black
warlocks who use their magic against whites — they hide out in the
townships and set curses on people fora price — and I think some
of them did something to President de Klerk. Other Afrikaner
hunters claim bloodsuckers were behind it, because their slaves are
everywhere in the government. I think that came later.

We gave our land away to the blacks in 1994 and have been
struggling to hold it together ever since. The population of South
Africais 75% black, 14% white, 9% colored (half-breeds) and 2%
Indian. The majority of the population has limited education and
no experience at self-government, but now they are in charge.
The children are masters of the house and what is the result?
Mandela the agitator became president. Instead of promoting
discipline, he tried to give everything to everybody. The blacks
think they are entitled to the wealth we worked so hard to gain,


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

and when they can'torwon'team it, they turn tomurderand theft
Others take out their grudges on former Apartheid leaders or
whites in general, and the government does little or nothing. The
government hasa hard enough time keeping political feuds under
control, as groups like the Zulu-centered Inkatha Freedom Party
try to undermine the ANC at every turn.

I've heard many times on the net that people think South
African hunters are obsessed with politics. That's not quite
right. We are determined to protect our race. The bloodsuckers
have their claws in every aspect of our government, and we have
discovered signs that they vie for control, using political maneu-
vers to increase their power at the expense of others. It's true that
the few bloodsuckers we have seen have all been white, but I
believe it was the blacks who made them that way. After all, if
the monsters controlled the Apartheid government, why would
they have let the president dismantle it?

There are hunters among the white population thatbelieve
blacks are the source of the monsters that plague us, and who see
the return of Apartheid as a necessary step to turning back the
tide. Iisa fact that nearly all the rots we have encountered have
been black, and their victims are predominantly white. Former
Apartheid leaders, soldiers and policemen, as well as their
families, seem to be singled out. Most rots take refuge in the
townships, where white hunters face as much danger from the
locals as they do from monsters themselves. | know for a fact
that there are African myths about death, and how the gods
told the tribes that if they laid a body on the ground and
sprinkled it with ashes, it would come back to life. There

mightbe people in the townships who know these old ritualsand
are raising corpses to tum against us, but we don't have any
evidence of that yet.

There are black hunters in the townships and in the country-
side, as well. I've encountered a few. Most of them act hostile and
distrustful, which is typical. They protect their own people from
the beasts, but seem defensive. They won't go out of their way to
hunt out a monster, and they won't actually destroy one unless
they havenoother choice. They certainly don'tgiveadamn about
whites that might be in danger. Of course, they probably blamews
for the monsters, like everything else

Garmen

Subject: Entering the country and local travel

From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Johannesburg International Airport is South Africa's pri-
mary point of entry for international flights, and is a modem,
well-equipped airport with up-to-date security equipment. Indi-
viduals entering the country do not have to present a visa if
arriving for tourist or business-consultation purposes. Luggage is
checked thoroughly at customs, and customs agents are smart,
alert and very professional. Attempting to bribe a customs
official is nearly always a grave mistake, so
1 advise against trying to smuggle any-
thing like weapons into the country.
There is no evidence that the
beasts have any control over
customs officials, but since the
bloodsuckers

ercise control
over the higher ministries, they
don't really need to. Hunten
whotry tomake trouble forsome
bloodsucker could easily have
their descriptions circulated as
wanted fugitives.

South Africa's major cities
have excellent roads, and un-
1 like other countries it has a
well-developed

yee

SS

Mi,

th


commuter rail system. Cars and four-wheel-drive vehicles can
be bought or leased, but be aware that rural roads are in poor
repair and conditions are somewhat dangerous.

Additionally, small plane and helicopter flights can be
chartered from local airports to see the countryside from the air
— there are small firms that exist for just such purposes. Some
ofthese companies also do a little smuggling on the side, and for
afew thousand rand can be persuaded to ferry people to isolated
parts of the countryside. Africa Air Unlimited is one such
operation, flying single-engine aircraft out of Cape Town Air-
port. They've smuggled guns in the past, and lately I've worked
out an understanding with the boss, Anders Grier. He will ferry
small groups anywhere, no questions asked, and I keep him out
any legal snares in return.

Lavano Govsemen

Subject: Looking over your shoulder
From: jager5 1
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

Crime isa major problem all across the country. The fact of
the matter is that with Mandela in charge and the government
taking up the police force, there's no one left who's willing to
betough on the blacks. The kaffirsare poor and, naturally, would
nther steal something than work for it, and so carjackings,
mnuggings and even bank robberies are rampant. Armed theft

ult are common near hotels and public transportation
areas. Tourists are often singled outas targets. The police service
hasestablished task forces in every jurisdiction to target specific
problem areas, and there have been some recent successes, but
weare still spread much too thin to be truly effective.

Myadvice to hunters new to South Africa is keep your wits
outyou, never carry more money than youmust (and keep the
ret well hidden) and always travel in groups. Thieves will hit
youday or night, sometimes in the middle of a traffic stop if they
think they can get away with it, and they will not hesitate to kill
youifyouresist. [have heard from some local hunters who report
thatthe large and successful gangs are comprised of blood-slaves,
egecially those groups that specialize in large robberies. The
question is, do they serve the same bloodsuckers who control the
government, orsomeone else, and where is the money going? It's
definitely not finding its way into the black community.

The government is thick with blood-slaves. Anyone with
thegft of sight can see them going about their business every day.
The Ministries of Foreign Affairs, Justice, Defense, Safety and
Security, and Telecommunications are known to be heavily
inrated. There appears to be considerable in-fighting and
puitical maneuvering within the government, often between
these very slaves, which suggests to me that they serve different
masters. At the same time, these slaves are all very strategically
chosen, concentrating important sources of information and
thority in the beasts' hands. What isinterestingis that President
Mbekiand his immediate staff are untouched. I've confirmed this
myself, but have no explanation for it that makes any sense.

Political violence is still a serious problem in certain parts of
thecountry, especially in KwaZulu-Natal province, where mem-
tes of the Inkatha Freedom Party clash with supporters of the
ANC. Attimes, localsand touristsare caught in the crossfire. This
find of violence has declined since the national elections, but
fice recently uncovered a huge cache of guns and ammunition
inkwaZulu that points back to the IFP, raising the fear of more

armed confrontations. The few militant black hunters I know of
have turned upas influential members of the IFP, and they could
be trying to use it as a weapon against the beasts. Even if they
succeed, things will be bloody in the meantime

Asa whole, the South African Police Service is untainted.
Part of this is because of the shakeups directed by Mandela and
his successor, Mbeki, and part of it, I suspect, is because the
bloodsuckers already control most of the higher-ups in the
Ministry of Safety and Security. Alll of our orders, wanted lists
and strategic planning come directly from the fiends. A couple
of times, I have watched manhunts organized for local hunters
who drew too much attention to themselves. God help me,
there was nothing I could do about it. Every single one of these
fellows was caught and is now trying to stay alive in prison. The
police havea lot of experience in tracking down fugitives, let me
tell you. The police maintained close ties with South African
intelligence agencies during the worst periods of anti-Apartheid
terrorism, and the relationship isstill strong today. Hunters must
be very patient and very, very careful stalking bloodsuckers in
this country. Keepaslowa profile as possible. Leave no evidence
that could be traced back to you.

During Apartheid, the police service was a paramilitary orga-
nization, and in method largely stills. Police patrolsarenumerous
in cities; much less so in rural areas. Disturbances in cities receive
immediate andoverwhelmingresponse, and officersare muchmore
likely to resort to lethal force than are theircounterpartsin America
or Europe. Officers patrol in pairs and carry pistols, and have
shotgunsorsubmachine gunsin theircars. There isno MirandaLaw
such as America has. Police have the authority to search or detain
individuals if there is sufficient suspicion of illegal activity. If the
police want to search your car or effects, they can pretty much do
soatwill and will not put up with the nonsense that most American
police do. Resisting a police officer or giving him a tough time will
get you cracked skull or worse. Suspects still die in police custody
from time to time, and waving a passport in their faces won't
necessarily save you.

OerANNGLQUPMENT

Subject: The cost of getting even
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

To some extent, the crime problem in South Africa works
to our favor. Most white households own several firearms, and
the police are likely to look the other way ifa local individual is
found to be carrying a concealed weapon. Hunting rifles,
shotguns and even military style assault weapons are commonly
available, and registration procedures are lax. Blacks, on the
other hand, face extreme scrutiny when trying to purchase guns
in legal establishments, and a kaffir carrying a gun in public is
likely to be arrested on general principle.

Obtaining general purpose equipment of all kinds — from
hunting/camping gear to medical supplies — is easy in any city.
Prices are reasonable and most credit cards are accepted.
Voortrekkers Limited in Pretoria is an excellent source of
hunting weapons, ammunition and equipment for wilderness
expeditions, and the owner asks few questions.

Vehicles are likewise easy to obtain, though I would advise
you to avoid purchasing new or even slightly used models. Such
cars or trucks are tempting targets for carjackers, who take the
vehicles, repaintand sell them. My suggestion: Get an old Land


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Rover (areal one, not the luxury ones Americans are so fond of).
They will go anywhere, run anytime and can take a great deal of
punishment. If possible, buy a vehicle straight out, cash in hand,
Renting car or usinga credit card leaves a paper trail the police
are sure to find.

Sars Havens

Subject: Where to go when things go wrong
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Any huntershould always plan for the worst. Plan ahead for
where to goand what to do if a mission goes wrong. If yourenemy
is resourceful, retribution will be swift. Remember that one of
our greatest strengths is our anonymity. Disappear into the
crowd. Wipe down weapons and toss them. Abandon vehicles.
Just walk away.

South Africa's hospitals are as good as any in America or
Europe. Hunters can use the current crime problems to excuse
all manner of injuries to police satisfaction. Medical treatment
in rural areas is much less dependable, and doctors demand cash
in advance. In the case of severe injuries, carry victims to a city
hospital if at all possible.

1 and my associates try to maintain a list of possible safe
havensall over Africa, assisted by business associates and fellow
hunters. Some of these are maintained by members of the
network, others are little more than abandoned buildings that
offer basic shelter. Our list changes regularly, so check with me
frequently for updates.

Cape Town — Two-bedroom houseon Victoria Avenue. A
walled estate with a security system. The house is empty, awaiting
sale. Look for small chalk haven mark at base of the right gatepost.
Code for gate is 11321, code for security system is 44253. Key
under rock in garden. Medical supplies in front hall closet. Do not
use electricity. Do not stay for more than three days.

Pretoria — Mission of Our Holy Lady, Pieterswald Street.
Approach only in extreme emergency, and do not contact at
night. Food, lodging and medical help available. Weapons are
forbidden. The sisters do not ask for contributions, but [ expect
any hunter who accepts their hospitality to damn well give them
what he can.

Johannesburg — Karstens Market, Merchant Street. The
owner's brother was one of us, so he supports what we try to do.
He has a room in back for up to four people, and his sons can run
errands or obtain equipment, ifnecessary. He'll undoubtedly ask
you to investigate his brother's death in the township last
September. His brother was chasing a rot who had been killing
local white politicians. The rot either got him or the kaffirs did.
Help Karstens if you want, but pay him for his trouble regardless.

Reicreonme Counrnes
Subject: Across the border
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Conditions in South Aftica's neighboring countries are
mostly stable and prosperous, with the exception of Mozambique.

Hunters operating in these countries should be aware of the
following information.

Namibia — Namibia has been closely tied to South Africa
for most of its existence, becoming politically independent in

1990, but still relying on South Africa for most of its imports,
Hunters in the capitol of Windhoek report blood-slaves en-
trenched in key government and law enforcement positions. The
puppets' efforts are supposedly directed at controlling and main-
taining the security of the country's diamond exports. No doubt
these creatures reap huge amountsof wealth, but forwhat purpose!

Botswana — For years this country has been the largest
supplier of diamonds in the world. Unlike Namibia, Botswana
was a British protectorate until its independence in 1964, andit
has a democratic government based mostly on native Setswana
tribal traditions. The blacks make it work somehow, and the
government seems free of outside influences. There are reports
of ghosts and poltergeists in and around the mines at Orapa,
Lethakane and Jwaneng, causing accidents and deaths among
mining officials and workers. Some say that local tribes protect
the sites of hauntings, holding them sacred.

Zimbabwe — Formerly part of Rhodes!
British colony until 1980, and it still enjoys good roads and
modem facilities left over from that time. Years of political unrest
and guerrilla warfare evidently led to an outbreak of haunted sites
and supernatural activity — stories of ghost activity are common.
Recently, a hunter in Harare, Zimbabwe's capitol, reported that
the mayor's eyes glowed a pale green, and his face took on the
shape of a spider's under scrutiny with the sight!

Mozambique — This country has suffered years of political
upheaval between the ruling FRELIMO party and the rebel
RENAMO party, leaving the economy in shambles. The cur.
rent government is very corrupt. The police are heavily armed,
but untrained, and respond brutally to most situations, Much of
the countryside isextremely hazardous to cross, due to thousands
of land mines sowed during the uprising, and there are reports of
savagely mutilated rots stalking in packs.

Tre Deve ano ree Danes

Subject: Democratic Republic of the Congo
From: jager51
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

You can make a deal with the Devil, but sooner or later
there's hell to pay.

The Democratic Republic of the Congo, which was once
known as Zaire, is one of Africa's largest and most populous
countries — it's as large as the entire eastern US, and has a
population ofabout 32 million people among 250 different tribal
groups. These blacks have strong ties to their ancestral lands,
and ethnic identity has always been more important than
national pride here. The result is a huge number of ethnic
factions pulling in different directions, and not afraid to shed
blood to get what they want. Uprisings, raids and revolution are
a way of life.

Zaire gained its independence from Belgium in April 1960,
and managed to hold things together for all of a week before the
province of Katanga rejected the newly elected president and
seceded from the country. The Zairian army and the UN tried
to pull Katanga back into the fold without success, and in
September of that year military strongman Mobutu Sese Seko
deposed the civilian government and took over the country. A
vice-minister from the civilian government refused to accept
Mobutuand declared hisown governmentin nearby Stanleyville.

, this country wasa


Subject: Government-sanctioned wiretapping?
From: descent88
To: jager51
1 excerpted this from a story on the AP newswire
yesterday and thought you ought to know. Be careful
what yousend out over the net, Jager. The government
— or worse — might be listening.
> AP/CAPETOWN — According to sources
within the South African government, the
> South African Police Service and Afrika
Telkom, the country's leading telecom-
> munications provider, have been operating a
high-tech eavesdropping operation
> that has intercepted and recorded literally
thousands of calls and emails into and
| > out of the country over the last two years.
ccording to the minister of finance,
> this special surveillance unit acts on court-
horized search warrants to gather
evidence against known or suspected crimi-
5, but allegations have recently
surfaced that the operation was used to gather

Meanwhile, a Baluba chieftain named Kalonji decided to take
advantage of the chaos and declared his own government in
Kasai. [t's been downhill ever since.

ntually came out on top — after re-installing a
civilian government, then deposing it again in 1965. He de-
clared himself president-for-life and used the army to brutally
suppress his rivals. Seko may have been a pawn of the bloodsuck-
ers;he lived like a king while the rest of the country suffered, and
he never failed to keep the army under his control for his over
30 years in power. Others say he had the help of powerful magic
that brought bad luck on his enemies. Either way, by 1996 Seko's
luck ran out. A man named Laurent Kabila managed to form a
coalition of rebel groups and Rwandan mercenaries that posed
areal threat to Seko. Maybe Kabila had some magic of his own.

Kabila and his rebels ran Seko out of the country and took
over in 1997. Not long after, Seko died. The official cause was
prostate cancer. Kabila had made a devil's deal to keep his rebel
army together, promising power to all the various factions once
he was in control. Within months, it was pretty obvious that
Kabila was just another kaffir with a lust for success, and his
supporters started to rebel against him. Since then, the country-
side has become a no-man's land of warring factions, tribal feuds
—and monsters.

Not much news comes out of central Congo, but there are
rumors of huge beasts stalking the rainforests and killing any
trespassers. Anders DeValere is a hunter and a good man in the
bush. He led safaris for years before he woke up to the monsters
in our midst. He made it into the forests and told me that
creatures have isolated many villages. They come in the night
and murder the old and the sick. Sometimes they force them-
slveson young women; supposedly several have gotten pregnant

from it. DeValere went back last month to find one of these
women. I fear the worst for him; even his skill can last only so
long in the wilds.

For certain, the Congo is an ancient place. I've heard tell
that there's evidence of some sort of civilization chat existed
thereasfarbackas 10,000 yearsago. Much of the rainforest isstill
unexplored and the locals say that the deep jungle contains
many secrets. Kaffir religions are a lot more influential there
than in Southern Africa, and it looks like the old beliefs have
gotten a good deal stronger lately.

DeValere said he metsome black hunters there, butthey've
got their own warped idea of what's happening. Evidently the
local tribes believe that once upona time the spirit world and the
physical world existed side by side, connected by a cord of some
kind. Humanity (by which they mean blacks) was supposed to
keep hold of this cord and keep the worlds together. Well, they
didn't. The spirit world drifted away and the blacks lost contact
with their ancestors and the gods. They seem to think that the
reason the undead exist is because they can't find their way tothe
other side. The Messengers, according to them, are ancestor-
spirits who have finally made it back from the spirit world to
remind the blacks of their responsibilities in keeping the lands
together. So these savages are going around trying to help these
creatures find their way to the spirit realm. Some tribes suppos-
edly welcome evidence of the creatures, because it suggests that
theiroldbeliefsare gaining strength againand they can drive the
foreigners from their sacred soil.

Magicisalso widely accepted by the kaffirsoutin thecountry.
Every tribe has its warlocks, it seems, and they've been known to
feud with one another from time to time. Rebel leaders go toa lot
of trouble to win support from these people. Some of them might
have real power, like the sorts that hunters have encountered in
more civilized countries. DeValere once told me that city war-
locks come out into the country when they have a feud "because
outside the cities their magic is stronger." Is that because cities
inhibitmagicorbecause more people believe in thestuffoutin the
bush, or is the whole thing a fantasy? Maybe Congolese hunters
know but they aren't telling anyone. They keep to themselves
worse than the kaffir hunters in the townships.

Garrecn

Subject: Enter at your own 1
From: jaget5 1
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The regional fighting in the DRC has had a major impact
on commercial travel into and out of the country, but local
flights (and charter planes) can still be found at most African
airports. Visas are required and applying for them from the
Congolese embassy is notoriously time consuming. Be aware
that French is the primary language of the Congo, along with
several local native dialects, including Swahili.

Hunters should be wary if they choose to fly into Kinshasa,
the Congolese capitol. [tis possible to bribe the customs officials
quite easily, as many of them have not been paid by the
government in many months, but waving too much money
around ot carrying too much baggage is an invitation to be
detained arbitrarily and "examined." Your valuables will be
taken, as well as most of your money. My advice is to carry only
what you need, keep a low profile and be very polite. They may


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

wear uniforms, but they are bandits at heart. Several hunters
passing through Kinshasa report sighting at least one blood-
slave among airport officials. Their purpose is unclear, but
obviously one or more bloodsuckers are watching the airport for
some reason.

Another means of entry is overland, working north from
South Africa into Zambia and then the DRC. Overland travel is
difficult and long, but with so much border area to cover entry
checkpoints are sparse and you have a good chance of slipping in
undetected. Make sure your vehicle has four-wheel drive, carry
plenty of petrol and spare parts. Also keep an eye out for groups of
refugees traveling south. If you see a small group (one that doesn't
outnumber yours), offer them food or medicine in exchange for
information about what lies ahead. It could save your life.

Travel conditions inside the DRC are difficult and treacher-
ous. People avoid traveling in the countryside at night and some
toads have been mined over the course of the conflict. Exercise
extreme caution driving along deserted roads. There are rail lines
connecting most townsincentraland southern Congo for hauling
freight and ore, and it is easy to hitch a ride on one.

Cawand Goveramenr

subject: No-man's land
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Thestate of governmentin the Congo, asalways, dependson
who you talk to. Kabila is in control of Kinshasa and many of the
major towns in the west, while the eastern part of the country near
Lake Tanganyika is controlled by rebels. The territory between is
a no-man's land claimed by tribal militias, army deserters and
foreign mercenaries. Only the president's uncanny luck and sense
of diplomacy has managed to hold enough of his coalition
together to keep the country from falling apart completely.

At present, the Congolese army consists of former Mobutu
loyalists and rebels working side-by-side in a very uneasy alli-
ance. Most of these troops are poorly trained, undisciplined and
unpaid, and they frequently take their frustrations out on people
who cross their paths during patrols. Shake-downs and extortion
are common in urban areas, while in the country it is not
unheard of for army units to "requisition" everything from
vehicles to wristwatches. It is possible to bribe individual sol-
diers, but money is not a guarantee of safety. For all intents and
purposes, Kinshasa and other towns are under martial law,
which means troops can enter buildings and conduct individual
searches at will, as well as arrest or detain persons indefinitely
without making formal charges. Do not deceive yourself. You
have no rights, not even as a foreigner. There is a curfew in effect
from dusk until dawn in Kinshasa, and individuals caught out
after dark are arrested. Measures such as this might have some-
thing to do with the limited bloodsucker activity in the region.

In rural areas, travelers must be wary of sporadic military
roadblocks, where troops check for weapons or search for
fugitives. Exercise extreme caution in these situations; there
have been reports of deserters setting up fake roadblocks in order
toroband murder civilians. Even the real army is dangerous and
will take items if soldiers think they can get away with it. The
best tactic is to stay alert and watch for signs of dust or noise in
the distance that might suggest a possible roadblock, then
attempt to bypass it.

Finally, there are local militia forces and vigilantes to
beware of. Kabila encouraged the concept of local militias as
support for his army, but the local tribal leaders took it as an
excuse to make their own private armies. Some are fairly
dedicated at keeping the peace in their area, while others are
little better than bandits. Vigilante justice isalso common inthe
country, though it is usually thinly disguised ethnic violence.
Still, DeValere was certain that some of these vigilante gangs
were responsible for killing a number of bloodsuckers that had
preyed on natives. He suspected that lone hunters were leading
these groups, but was never able to contact any of them. Keep an
eye out for these groups; it might be possible that we could get
some use out of the kaffirs, after all.

eT AMNGLQUPNEY

Subject: The price of staying alive
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Nearly every commodity is scarce in urban areas, as Kabila
funnels as much as he can to his troops. But there is a thriving
black market in Kinshasa, dealing in everything from weapons
to clothing to food to medicine. Prices are exorbitant and the
buyer had best check what he gets very carefully, no matter how
much the seller protests. Hunters in the city can go to the market
district and look for a colored man named Moise Kasavubu; he
hasone legand the side of his face is badly scarred. He knows the
local sellers well and will help you get good equipment forasmall
finders fee.

Military-grade weapons, mostly of Soviet or French manu-
facture, are frighteningly common and easy to obtain, though if
an army patrol catches civilians with them it can be disastrous,
Medicines are especially scarce and painkillers are very expen-
sive. Wilderness or survival gear can be obtained, but will likely
be well-used and in average to poor condition. Vehicles suchas
cars and trucks can be had, but will be in very poor shape, as the
army commandeers the best-running vehicles it can find.

Sars Havens

Subject: Where to go when things go wrong
ager 1
To: hunter.list@hunter-netorg

From:

Hunters operating in the DRC do not have many options
when it comes to medical care. Even in Kinshasa, hospitals are
poorly equipped and the staff is under-trained. Conditions in rural
areas are much worse — do not approach individuals in outlying
towns who claim to have medical training. Most often they're just
crafty kaffirs with some bottles of ether looking to rob you.

DeValere reported the following safe havens in Kinshasa
before disappearing into the jungle. Use them only when
absolutely necessary and exercise caution; I cannot completely
vouch for their security. Ifanyone on the list knows more, please
contact me.

Kalemie Street — Two-story house near the river with
broken wall, number 112. This is an old building dating back to
the Belgian occupation, and has been heavily damaged by fire.
Upper floors are unsafe, but there is a secure basement with a
small stock of supplies and an old tunnel that runs to the
riverbank a kilometer away. DeValere noted that he might have
seen evidence of a ghost(!) haunting the second floor.


Cercle Avenue — Isabelle Verdin is one of us, part of a
skeleton staff operating the Peace Corpsheadquarters in Kinsha
She can provide food and shelter in emergency situatior
can smuggle individuals out of the country in dire circum-
stances. Approach her only if necessary; remember that you can
leave the Congo, but she can't, and she's at the mercy of the
locals.

Lokele Avenue — Train shed at the edge of the railyards,
with red corrugated roof. Look for one of our marks on the
building's rear loading dock. There is an enclosed office in the
shed with cots, some medicine and rations. A good, defensible
position in emergencies. This is also a good place for entering or
leaving the city by train.

Nerareonne Counr tes

Subject: Across the border
From: jager5
Tor hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Conditions in countries neighboring the DRC are equally
dangerousand show signs of widespread monster activity. Hunt-
ers entering these countries should be aware of the following.

Nigeria—Thisnation isabout half the size of the DRC, but
has the largest population in Africa — 115 million people.
Nigeria is generally stable, but the government is corrupt and
there are serious problems with crimes committed by civil
servants and people in uniform. Recently, a rash of kidnappings
aimed at employees of foreign oil companies has swept through
Lagos. One of the few victims who have been released has

spoken of "hallucinations" where his captors changed shape
into huge creatures.

Angola— The situation in Angola is not much better than
in the DRC, thanks essentially to one long drawn-out civil war
since the country gained independence from Portugal in 1975.
The entire country is essentially a war zone between rival
political factions. Violent attacks in urban areas are common
Angolan refugees in Namibia have claimed that the bloodshed
has gone on so long because the spirits of several powerful
Angolan rebels refuse to leave the Earth and have taken over the
bodies of unsuspecting men to sate their hunger for killing.

Uganda — This small country actively supports rebel
factions fighting Kabila's government in the DRC, and might
face military reprisals from the Congolese army as a result
Supply caravans crossing the border into the DRC's eastern
mountains have disappeared over the last several months
Military types speculate that Kabila has hired ex-special forces
troops from eastern Europe to stop the convoys, but my contacts
in Uganda tell me that large quantities of heavy weapons and
ammunition have disappeared off narrow mountain trails with
outa trace. Could the beasts of the Congo jungle be intercepting
the equipment, and if so, why?

Zambia — This is a stable, fairly prosperous country known
for its wildemess parks and nature preserves, Zambia has been
taking in a steady stream of refugees since Kabila took power,
many of them dispossessed Mobutu loyalists. Supposedly the Red
Cross has encountered family groups carrying corpses wrapped in
burial clothes out of the DRC. The families refuse to discuss the
bodies and seem extremely protective of them. Forhealth reasons,
these refugees have been tumed away from established resettle-
ment camps and are at large somewhere in the countryside.


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Lecreyor Lions

Subject: Kenya
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Kenyais the place where the lionsstill roam. If there are any
true hunters to be found among the blacks, they will be found in
the savannas of eastern Africa.

Unlike the kaffirs in my homeland and the bloody butchers
of central Africa, the Kenyans have shown responsibility for their
freedom, and despite several major governmental changes, power
has been managed fairly sensibly. Recent economic problems
have threatened this stability, however, and as of last year the
country faces mounting foreign debt and rising inflation, discour-
aging vital foreign investment. They are vulnerable, like my
country was in the '80s, when the damn bloodsuckers used the
anti-Apartheid chaos to get their claws into our government. [
tead the news reports from Nairobi every day, and my contacts in
the city see the same signs I do— the bloodsuckersare setting their
sights on the Kenyan president and his ministers. This time,
however, they might have a fight on their hands.

The secret of the Kenyans' strength lies in their national
motto: harambee. The word means "pull together" in Swahili
and it illustrates the sense of community that the Kenyans have
toward one another. The idea of family and kinship is powerful
among the Kenyan people — in a country where most of the
population lives outside the cities, urban residents frequently
make trips to their extended families in the country. They are
still tied to ancient traditions, one of which manifests as scrawls
painted on Nairobi's walls. Hear the Lion in your heart, one
message reads. Some of the Kenyans hear the Message and they
think it is the Great Beasts talking to them.

The blacks in Kenya worship animals that live on the
grasslands, and they believe that each kind of animal hasa Great
Spirit, like a god. There is a lion spirit, a gazelle spirit and so on.
Long ago, the kaffir shamans and hunters would dedicate
themselves to a particular spirit, hoping to get the animal's
abilities. They would wear the signs of the spirit on their bodies,
either as tattoos or as amulets. There is a hunter | know in
Mombasa who works for Reuters, and who she says she has
encountered "lion men" stalking bloodsuckers in the city. For
once, these blacks don't seem to hold the damn monsters sacred
and are determined to kill them wherever they can be found.
Except where the shapechangers are concemed. It plays into
their damn beliefs. They see the shapeshifters as something like
"angels" sent by the Great Spirits to protect the land, and the
lion men will not raise a hand against them. Someone has to get
in there and set these people straight. Any takers?

Goveen

Subject: Arriving in Kenya
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Kenya is the hub of eastern Africa, with an excellent
airport, first-rate roads and extensive railway lines. Customs
officials at Jomo Kenyatta airport are well-trained and careful,
though they are mostly concerned with catching items leaving
the country rather than getting in. So far, no one has reported
any signs of abominations among these individuals. Itis possible

Law ano Goverensa

to bring hunting weapons into the country, but they require
extensive documentation showing that you are affiliated witha
government-approved expedition.

Entry into the country by road is easily accomplished, as
well. Once through the border checkpoints, individuals can
travel freely. Some caution should be exercised near national
parks and game reserves, however, due to persistent poacher
activity. Game wardens desperately try to prevent these attacks
and stop any strange vehicle they encounter.

Subject: The Real Face of Evil
From: shaka74
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

You pathetic little man. How in the name ofall that
is holy can you preach about unity and brotherhood one
minute and spew such obscene racism the next? Do you
want to save the world for all humanity, Jager, or just for
white humanity?

You talk about the power of Africa, but you won't
acknowledge the wisdom of her native children. The
native tribes of Africa have long known about the
interrelationship between the worlds of the living and
dead. The ways of the tribes are fading fast from the
Earth, but if you would get your head out of your lily-
white ass for just a minute, you might realize that an

| untapped source of wisdom is right at hand. People like

bout laying spirits to rest than everyone on this list

But those of us here in America and elsewhere

take advantage of that knowledge. You can, if you

uid see past your god-damned bigotry and reach out to

€ people instead of brushing them off as savages.

rust me on this, Jager. One of these days you're

to come up against something that you have no

ow tohandle, and you're going to need the wisdom

black man to survive. If you can't see past your
pidity, then I have no pity for you.

Subject: The rule of law — for a change
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The Kenyan government is stable and democratic, though
there is some public dissent and occasional demonstrations
complaining about the economy. The Kenyan police force is
well trained and professional, engaging in frequent exchange
programs with the British police and Scotland Yard to share
ideas and improve their skills. Patrol officers aren't neatly as
hard-nosed as we have to be in South Africa, but their investi-
gatorsare first-rate, and they go after violent crimes aggressively.
Step carefully in Nairobi, especially since the Muslims bombed
the US embassy over there.

Possession of firearms is pretty tightly controlled in Kenya.
Hunting weaponsare permitted with the proper forms. Carrying
a concealed handgun will get you the same troubles you would
expect in America or Europe. Fortunately, Kenyan police play

ae.


bythe rules, so they can't just stop youand search youona whim,
or harass you because they feel like it. If you cover your tracks
carefully and pick your battles, you can avoid serious problems
with the law.

As faras anyone can tell, the governmentand law enforce-
ment are free from outside influences. Do not make any
assumptions, though. I suspect the bloodsuckers will be making
seriousattempts in the future. What can't figure is their motive.
Why Kenya? There's not much there but parkland.

Wont Heacrn Oncanisavion
Zanzibar: Initial Review
Status: Urgent

Plague has spread far more rapidly in Zanzibar than
earlier data would indicate.

As youknow, urban Zanzibar has been a focus point
for WHO's observation of intravenous transmission of
infectious disease since 1989, when the first mass out-
break of hepatitis-B made it clear to us that we could no
longer ignore hygenic conditions here.

Since returning to the city, | am sorry to inform you
that conditions have worsened dramatically, Hepatitis
and HIV are found at near-pandemic levels throughout
the sample population, and, nearly as disturbing on a
personal level, the smell of ripening cloves once again

es as a Cloying mask for the stench of sick men,

yomen and children in the streets.

Most alarming is the attitude of the local popula-
who refuse to cooperate with WHO officers in
fying vectors of contagion. Most say only that the

was acquired from contact with the "Hunter

—a caste associated with the Aga Khan, but now

bly extinct — the lack of corroborating detail

licates to me that this is a dead end, however. Even

¢ idered the "Hunters" to be mythical
ly, much like the British "bogey-man."

As per the attached proposals, I urge the
Organisation to expand its humane presence in Zanzi-
bar, and ask you to consider placing the entire island

ler U.N. quarantine until the epidemiological situa-
tion here stabilises.

7 _ Otherwise, we peal be looking at conditions of

Subject: A different kind of safari
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Asmall but significant part of the Kenyan business commu-
nitycatersto wildernessadventures, so obtaining basic equipment
like food, clothes and medicine is easy and affordable. Weapons
ar another matter. Carrying or purchasing hunting weapons
tukes time and money, while paperwork is passed around and

CHAPTER 2: AFRICA

identity checks are performed. Military-grade weapons are out
of the question and no one should try purchasing anything
related to explosives — those sources are still watched carefully
by everyone from the Kenyan police to the CIA. There is
supposedly a black market for some of these items, but the polic
have really been sweating them recently, so approach sellers at
your own risk.

I know of one of us in Mombasa, a white man named
McKinley, who last told me he was going to establish a safari
company as. cover for providing rifles and shotguns to hunters.
When we lastspoke, he said the company was going to be named
MDG Safaris, but he never emailed me about his progress
Anyone in that area who might have more information, please
contact me.

Snare Havens

Subject: Where to go if things go wrong
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The following safe houses are known to exist in Ker
always, take no chances and examine them with care before
approaching.

Nairobi — Kikuya Street. Empty second floor office space
above downtown Bank of Kenya. Cots, some medical supplies
and food are hidden in office marked "assistant manager." Atlast
report, the space still had electricity and water service.

Mombasa — Kalenjin Street. Odinga Clinic, run by a
colored one of our "bystanders" named Bonaya. He couldn'tfind
the courage to fight the rots when he first saw them, but now at
least opens his doors to people who will. He is a competent
doctor and he might know of other imbued in the area.

Neiueonme COuNrniss

Subject: Beasts at the borders
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Kenya, close by the festering sores of Rwanda and Somalia, is
in a dangerous position when it comes to beasts. The following
conditions exist in the countries surrounding Kenya. Hunters
looking to operate in those places need to be aware of the following.

Tanzania — Tanzania is asmall, primarily Muslim country
that has been fairly stable in the past, but has recently experi-
enced a wave of fundamentalist extremism. Muslim leaders
spread the word that the spirit of a great prophet has appeared
in Dar es Salaam and is calling to the faithful to prepare for a
jihad. What this means is still uncertain, but local leaders are
starting to panic.

Rwanda—My God, whata haunted place this country has
become. The ethnic massacres that slaughtered hundreds of
thousands have left entire villages populated with vengeful
spirits and packs of hungry rots. No one dares travel at nightand
entire stretches of the country have been abandoned to mon-
sters. Enter at your own risk.

Somalia — The monsters rule here. If 1 could take a
truckload of the beast-loving kaffirs from Cape Town and drop
them into Mogadishu, maybe they would see what the blood-
suckers and their kind have in store for the rest of the world.
There isno law or order, just anarchy and violence. Urban areas
have been divided up by petty warlords and are ruled with a
brutal hand. In truth, they serve the bloodsuckers, who fear


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

nothing and no one, and are unafraid to show themselves for
what they are to the Somali people. The threat to Kenya comes
from here, I believe. Something is at work in Mogadishu,
something terrible. Something, I think, has been awakened. It's
just a feeling, but I think that if we don't get in there and do
something soon, terrible things will happen.

Broven CHARS AND
BrrverMewones

Subject: Cote d'Ivoire

From: jager51

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Thaven't been to the Ivory Coast in years, but I carried back
asouvenir from there that I have to this day. It's a rusted link of
iron, not much longer than my thumb. It's pitted in a lot of
places, the kind of close-set, tiny holes etched by the acid in
human blood. There are thousands of these pieces of chain to be
found in the old abandoned forts along the coast, where French
and Portuguese traders made fortunes on the slave trade little
more than a hundred years ago. I remember how the tour guides
talked about the ghosts that haunted those stone chambers.
Now that I know what I do, I wonder how much truth there is
to those stories and how many angry spirits are waiting in the
dark for a chance at revenge.

Maybe these ghosts have taken the long road in terms of
settling accounts; the Ivory Coast seem doomed to aslow deathof
poverty and corruption. Buildings, roads and services left behind
by the French in the '60s are gradually wearing away, while the
population continues to increase. Poor medical facilities and
education has helped along high incidence of AIDS amongthe
Ivorians, and crime, especially violent crime, is on the rise, The
links of society are rusting away and no one seems willing orable
to stop it. Alll the while, the ghosts watch and wait:

Garage

Subject: Buying passage

From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

There are limited air facilities serving the Ivory Coast. There
isasmall airport operatingin the [vorian capitol of Yamoussoukro,
and regional carriers offer sporadic flights into the city. Customs
checks are all but nonexistent, and many officials will openly
haggle for the proper dash (bribe) to overlook real or imaginary
contraband. With the right amount of money, almost anything
can be brought into the country, though you can bet the news will
besold later toanyone who isinterested. Hunters who have pased
through the capitol recently report huge numbers of blood-slaves.
(Isthisareaction tothe AIDSepidemic? Does it somehow protect
the bloodsuckers' servants from the disease? Now that would be
ironic, wouldn't it?) Keep in mind that, as in the Congo, the
primary language is French.

The portcitiesof the Ivory Coast offera golden opportunityfor
intemational hunters toslip into Africa. Smugglers use the comupt


eavironment to bring in all manner of illegal merchandise, and it

easy to bring in arms and equipment without worrying about
technicalities like or passports. The coast would make an.
excellent staging area fora hunter "pipeline" to Europe, ifwe could
find someone who could be trusted to run the operation.

Subject: GET US OUT OF HERE
From: willow12
To: jager51
Get us out of here, Jager. Send the boat to get us
out. Brenda and Pietr are dead. There's only me and
Jenna left, and we're almost out of food and ammo.
Mogadishu is worse than we feared. It's Hell on
Earth. The god-damned nightcrawlers are everywhere.
People die every night and you can hear the fuckers
laughing and howling at the sky. The gangs are scared
shitless of them. We were out of our minds to think
they could be turned against the creatures, even in the
daylight. The sons of bitches are searching the city for
us right now, practically fighting each other for the
chance to turn us over.
But that's not the worst of it. There's something
"else here in the city, something that even the
ightcrawlers are afraid of. From everything we've
ard, it sounds like whatever itis, it's asleep. For now.
only knows how long that will last.
We're going to try to slip out of town tomorrow
ming. Please Jager, have the boat waiting. For the
of God, don't waste any time.

Lavand Govern

Subject: You get what you pay for
From: jager51
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

For what it's worth, the Ivorian government actually seems
tobe trying to turn things around and breathe new life into the
country. In the meantime, however, civil servants and politi-
cians try to get ahead any way they can. This often means taking
regular bribes from criminal organizations... and others... in
return for free rein in the cities.

It'snosurprise that the Ivory Coast is the centerofanumber
ofcriminal organizations, smuggling everything from drugs to
gunsall across Africa. The police are paid well not only to look
the other way but to actively protect their patrons' interests.
Many of these organizations are run by bloodsuckers, but a
srange story came out of San Pedro recently regarding a
snuggling kingpin who was killed in a turf war — yet continues
tocontrol the organization by speaking through the body of his
daughter. There are rumors of hunters stalking these beasts, but
they keep a very low profile, probably out of fear of reprisals. At
least one of these hunters is believed to be the son of yet another
kingpin. He's probably just looking to line his own pockets —
but maybe I'm cynical in my old age.

Anything goes in the cities. I've heard of hunters buying
their way out of shootings, arson and murder. I've also heard of
thod-slaves grabbing a hunter off the street in broad daylight

CHAPTER 2: AFRICA

while local gendarmes looked on. Don't count on anything when.
hunting in the Ivory Coast, least of all someone whom you
boughtout the day before. There'salwayssomeone else out there
with a better offer.

OeraNNGEQUeNENT

There is, of course, a thriving black market in the Ivory
Coast. Most anything can be had if you don't ask too many
questions. Never let down your guard and always check the
merchandise carefully. Don'tpayadamn thing up front and don't
be afraid to haggle. They will expect it. Ifit doesn't happen, even
an "honest" seller will feel obligated to take advantage of you.

The last report I'd gotten was that sellers could be found at
nearly all the docks, and some individuals make deals rightoff the
boats. If anyone can develop a reliable source to provide regular
information about the Ivorian black market, let me know.

SareHavens

Subject: Where to go when things go wrong
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Medical facilities in Ivorian cities are marginal at best, and
doctors demand cash money in advance for treatment. Insist on
having someone remain in the room if one of your friends must
be anesthetized.

At present, there are no reliable safe houses in Cote
d'Ivoire. No one can be relied upon to maintain them. In the
event that thingsshould go badly on ahunt, the best advice I can
give is to flee into the countryside, where there are fewer prying
eyes and the beasts in the cities have fewer contacts they can use
to locate you. There are numerous abandoned forts and old
settlements along the coast, but remember the rusty chains and
enter at your own risk.

Recueonne Counrriss

Subject: Partners in crime?
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Western Africa is broken up into literally dozens of small
countries, as poor or poorer than the Cote d'Ivoire and more or
less as corrupt. Hunters passing through the' region have re-
ported a number of significant rumors or sightings in the
following areas.

Ghana— Recently, there have been stories whispered in the
coastal city of Accra abouta strange fog that sweeps in from the sea
on nights when there is no moon. Supposedly a gang of rots comes
ashore in the mist, dragging sets of manacles along the cobbles as
they head for the old Slave Quarter. Anyone who encounters these
creatures is reportedly seized and locked in chains, then dragged
along to some sort of ghostly auction. The victims are never seen
again. Local residents claim that the creatures occasionally have
entered old buildings in search of prey, but they can be tumed away
ifsea salt is spread across the doorway.

Liberia — If the people of Monrovia, Liberia, can be
believed, their city is plagued by men who change into sharks —
or perhaps the other way around. There have supposedly been
sightings of creatures along the coast that appear to be half-man,
half-shark. Several fisherman have been attacked and some
believe it to be in retaliation for a recent oil spill that left the


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

beach littered with the bodies of hundreds of fish. I suspect this
is a case of fraudulent journalism.

Senegal — There are warlocks in this former French
colony, apparently organized into a number of well-established
orders operating in Dakar. These ordersare clearly very wealthy,
probably profiting off the same corrupt climate found in Cote
d'Ivoire, and it appears that locals are well-paid to protect the
orders' business. I have a contact in Dakar who says these groups
appear to be in competition with one another, and all of them
regularly hire mercenaries and experienced guides to escort
them on expeditions into the Congo. Not all of these expedi-
tions return again. Is there a connection between these warlocks
and the monster activity in the DRC?

Inverview wer God

[transcript of audiocassette dated "12/02/1997"

Male Voice: Identifying mark. Interview with God,
king of the Jebu tribe of Dahomey, tape 6 of 6. Copyright
1997 David Goldman, University of Chicago. Your
majesty, may I respectfully ask whether your advisors
have chosen your heir?

Second Male Voice: [Muffled laughter] There is
no need.

First Voice: I respectfully do not understand.

Second Voice: When I leave this place to make my
journey to the city of bone kings, the time of the Jebu
people will come to an end.

First Voice: Does this mean the Jebu will stop
considering themselves a people separate from the other
peoples of Dahomey?

Second Voice: [Laughter]

First Voice: I am sorry, your majesty, but since the
screen prevents me from seeing you, I cannot know what
you find so amusing.

Second Voice: When I join the bone kings, the
Jebu will not consider themselves anything at all. They
will not be anything at all. Goldman, I know well how
you students come to the people with your microphones
hoping to squeeze out our secrets. I will tell you the
biggest secret of all: The spring of time has almost gone
dry. Soon I will be gone and the soulless ones will be free
to pouracross the land like black rain. Then the memory
of Jebu will end, as will the memory of all those who
speak with dreams.

Sierra Leone — Constables in Sierra Leone have put out
awarning toall neighboring police services for information that
might pertain to a recent spree of brutal killings through the
small country's rural areas. The few witnesses that survived the
attacks reported white men and huge gray dogs. The men spoke
English and actually seemed to speak to their animals from time
totime. They apparently entered the country from neighboring
Mali and seemed to be on the trail of something. They claimed
to be "servants of the Earth," but left death and destruction in
their wake. No one knows for certain what they were pursuing,
but they appeared desperate to catch it. These attackers are still
loose in the countryside, though they may have continued
eastward into Liberia.

SecrersAnd Haunred Sans

Subject: Egypt
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I've said itin the past on this list and elsewhere: Who weare
and what we are doing isn't about divine intervention or some
kind of biblical Armageddon. Everything in life happens in
cycles: birth and death, hunter and prey. For thousands of year,
humanity has been on top, ruling the Earth. But now we've
gotten soft and the Earth is striking back. There's a reckoning
coming. You know what I'm talking about.

If there is anywhere in the world where we can find clues
about what is coming, and what might happen after, it's in the
ancient cities of Egypt.

Egypt is the second-most populous country in Africa, and
its civilization is certainly one of the oldest in the world, if not
the oldest. Archaeologists can find evidence of trade, agriculture
and government going back at least 6,000 years, probably longer.
I suspect there are hunters in Egypt who believe, as | do, that
buried in the country's history lies evidence to other plagues of
monsters and spirits, and perhaps clues to how these beasts were
defeated before

Egyptian mythology is full of ideas about ghosts, man-beasts
and the living dead. After all, these were the people who
believed that their gods were part man, part animal, and that
human bodies needed to be preserved because the dead would
need them to continue in the afterlife. History has a way of
turning things on its head, though. What if the archaeologists
have it all wrong and the Egyptians weren't preserving their
royalty for the afterlife, but making sure that the pharaohs stayed
dead? Maybe they removed a body's brain and internal organsas
a way of insuring that the ruler wouldn't come back asa
bloodsucker? For all we know, Egypt may have been the place
where the bloodsuckers originated.

yptians are proud of their past, but they are also
determined to press ahead into the 2st century. Oil prices are
returning to pre-Gulf War levels, and the Egyptian economy's
on the upswing, bringing in more money to modemize and
expand, and to reclaim arable land from the desert. At present,
Egypt has one of the highest population densities in the world,
with nearly all of its 56 million people crammed into a small
region bordered by Alexandria on the north coast, the Nile
Delta just south of Cairo, and by the Suez Canal tothe east. That
works out to 1,540 people per square kilometer.

It isa place where monsters thrive. Bloodsuckers have easy
pickings and a sea of shifting faces to hide in. Spirits can feed on
the pain and misery of so many souls packed together, never
having to reveal themselves. Monsters are like any other crimi-
nal in some ways. The more ambitious they are, the more risks
they take. Sooner or later, they screw up. That's why they are so
easy to spot in South Africa, because the bastards are in a nuh
to take advantage of all the chaos and upheaval and it makes
them less cautious. Not so in Egypt. The beasts there have had
advantages that others across the world have not. They've had
the luxury of patience and a steady supply of power. They
haven't had to struggle for anything. Power and influence have
accumulated around them like desert sands.


Unlike South Africa, the beasts appear to care little for
politics or material wealth. If some of them are ancient enough
tv remember the pharaohs, maybe they know firsthand how
feeting such things are. There is some evidence of supernatural
uintin Egyptian government, butit's very subtle. An influential
individual might turn up as an apparent blood-slave fora week,
then all traces of the taint disappear later. There have been
ports of several government ministers showing signs of peri-
alicpossession by the same grim-faced spirit, coming and going
without any apparent rhyme or reason, but always during times
dkey decision-making regarding expansion efforts into the
ksert. It is as if the government and the Egyptian people were
tomore than a herd of goats needing the odd nudge to stay on
tnck, while the shepherd concems himself with more impor-
unt things. The question is, where does their real focus lie?

Unfortunately, politics, and more importantly religion, are
very important to most Egyptians, and regional hunters seem to
laveadifficult time putting theirdifferencesaside to face greater
threats. While most of the country is Sunni Muslim, there is a
small but significant Christian minority, and hunters from both
hiths seem to think their awakening is some kind of inherent
validation of their faith. (This is the biggest reason why I reject
the idea of a god — any god — being behind our sudden
awakening. If this is a matter of holy war, why are people from
many religions being called? Makes no sense.)

This is just more fuel for the fire, as religious strife has
simmered in Egypt for decades. But instead of going after the
(reatures in their midst, Egyptian hunters are going after one
tother more often than not. One of us who I won't name and
sho was not on this list almost died recently in this ridiculous
fud. It turns out that the bloodsucker he was stalking had
nothing to do with his recent disappearance — he and some of
hisassociates were caught in a bomb blast in a downtown café,
ind he is in a Cairo hospital with burns over most of his body.
Anextremist Christian group later claimed responsibility.

Covncn

Subject: Arriving in the land of the pharaohs
From: jager5 1
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Egypt is the gateway to North Africa and the Middle East,
vith international trade and commerce passing through its air-
portsand docks every day. During the '70s and '80s, it was also an
intemational crossroads for Islamic terrorism, where operatives
ould travel from their training camps in Libya or Lebanon and
tip quietly into Europe. As a result, Egyptian authorities have
tightened their customs controls and checkpoints, so hunters are
advised to exercise extreme caution if attempting to slip into the
country with a forged passportorany kindsof weapons. A\lso, ifyou
havea criminal record or have any outstanding warrants held by
worldwide police organizations like INTERPOL, you run a great
tik of being detected and detained. Entering the country over-
lind fom neighboring Sudan is somewhat easier. Soldiers at the
theckpoints have been known to accept bribes in exchange for
overlooking certain irregularities.

Traveling within Egypt is easy enough in the area of the
Nile There are extensive roadwaysand rail linesconnectingthe
vilages and towns along its length, all of them coming together
inthe capitol, Cairo. Traveling west into the desert is another
fatter. There are roads that parallel ancient caravan routes, but

CHAPTER 2: AFRICR

many areas, especially on the border with Libya, are still heavily
mined (some of which date back to World War II) and require
special permission from the government to enter.

It's possible that some of these restricted regions contain
tuins that have significance for the monsters. | know of one
recent discovery by the University of Cairo in the desert around
Al Farafirah that was abruptly declared off-limits. Two members
of the university team disappeared when trying to explore a
series of ruins uncovered by a sandstorm. The official reason for
the "accident" was attributed to land mines. Other members of
the expedition will not publicly discuss what happened

Cawand Goversweny

Subject: Barbarians at the gate
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The Egyptian government has been struggling
sporadic terrorism for the last two decades, mostly from extrem-
ist Muslim groups that oppose Egypt's peace with Israel. Thes
attacks continue and there is evidence that hunters are in-
volved. Whether they believe they are lashing out at a
government that is a pawn of the beasts or simply finding an
outlet for their fanaticism is unknown.

Because of these attacks, the Egyptian police are essentially
a paramilitary unit that is more concerned with holding the
country together rather than sticking their noses too deep into
petty crimes. Not even murder cases receive the level of interest
that they might in other more developed countrie: Emphasis is
placed more on surveillance of known agitators and controlling

the flow of guns and drugs.

There have been a few cases where police have apparently
been used to disrupt hunter activities. A group that was gather-
ing information ona spirit haunting an apartment in Cairo had
their house raided by counterterrorist operatives pursuing an
"anonymous tip" that the place wasa bomb factory. Two hunters
from out of the country were deported within 24 hours, while the
locals spent four days being interrogated about their political
leanings. One of them died. The fact that the police continued
this treatment despite the lack ofany evidence to support the tip
suggests that some kind of outside influence was applied. Of
course, there was no way to trace the tip back to any monsters,
who achieve their results through a whisper here or a nudge
there. The beasts understand the climate of paranoia very well,
and those of us who overplay their hand can quickly find
themselves under arrest.

OerANNGEQUPNENT

Subject: The fine art of improvising
From: jager51
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Egyptian law is very strict regarding firearms — possession
ofa pistol or rifle is prohibited as part of an effort to stem the tide
of terrorist violence. Of course, there is a thriving black market
in guns, especially Soviet military weapons. Hunters in Cairo
can contact Ahmad el-Araby, a bookseller in Cairo's old city
who used to broker deals between sellers and extremists before
a bloodsucker opened his eyes. He will act as a middleman for
weapons deals fora not-so-modest fee, but you are cautioned not
to ask for much of an arsenal. Possession of a firearm or
connection to any incident involving firearms will result in

a =


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

immediate detention and interrogation. The Egyptian police
are not afraid to use torture to learn the names of suppliers and
"terrorist collaborators."

My advice to hunters in Egypt is to improvise. Avoid
carrying guns or grenades or anything else that would give the
authorities an excuse. Gasoline and glass bottles make for
effective weapons and can seem perfectly innocent until they
are needed. Of course, this means that one must carefully choose
the time and place for one's battles, but against the subtle beasts
of Egypt, one needs to think and act like they do. More than
anywhere else in the world, hunters here live and die by their
wits. Be cautious and creative.

SareHavers

Subject: Where to go when things go wrong

From: jager51

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
In Egypt, the tables can be turned on us without warming.

Trust your instincts, but don't take chances. Always have a plan

ready in case the worst happens. Hunters here have scouted out

the safe houses listed below. This list changes frequently
Alexandria — Number 14, Abd-el-Nasser Street. Two-

story walled house just off the market square

he house is
supposedly owned by one of us, Atef Moussa, formerly a professor
at the University of Cairo, Moussais.... scarred by his encounters
with beasts. He lost his wife and child recently. No one knows

more about the city than he does, but there is some concem
about his mental health. Approach with caution, treat him with
respect, and be careful

iro — Salaam Café, Independence Street. This was a
café opened by an American expatriate. It is the site of the
bombing that crippled my acquaintance. The American has
returned to his own country, and the café is presently aban-
doned. There is an office in back andasmall apartment upstairs.
Ibis nota very secure site, as the café's front doors were blown off
and the front windows were shattered, but the apartment itself
is somewhat defensible

Memphis — Farouk's Wine Shop. Farouk's small shop is
located in the Memphis B

ar, just past the Gold District. Its
in a dangerous part of the Bazaar, so be wary of pickpockets and
armed thugs. Farouk is a hunter with an impressive reputation,
but he is also a fanatical anti-Zionist and I suspect he has been
lending hisskills toa number of local terrorist groups. He sayshis
door is open to all of us, regardless of race or belief, but his
associates might not see things the same way

Neiguponme Counrniss

Subject: From Casablanca to Tripoli

From: jager51

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
The cities and cultures of North Africa are among the
oldest in the world, and there are legends of ghosts and monsters


thatgo back hundreds of y storiesdon'tsound
sfoolish anymore. Hunters abroad in the following countries
should beware

Libya—Thisoil-rich North African country hasbankrolled
tnrorist activities against Israel and Europe for decades, despite
jmishing sanctions from the UN. Its people are held together
by the incredible charisma of one man, Colonel Muammar
Ghadafi. Even in the '80s, there were stories that the man had
in almost supernatural control of his subjects, and many have
commented on his incredible good fortune despite numerous
‘sassination attempts. Some say he is a warlock. Others think
heisa slave to a particularly powerful bloodsucker. Whatever
the case, his security forces have shown a particular prejudice
ngarding hunters, and a sizeable reward has been posted to the
fist Arab — Libyan or not — who can capture one of the
‘mointed" and bring him or her to Tripoli

Subject: The answers at last

[am writing to assure you that your concerns are
unfounded. Last night | met with the radiant spirit
known as Amn-Thoth, and the divine one kept to his
word. In return for the golden scarab from the Univer-
sity, he has shared with me all manner of wondrous
knowledge and arcane secrets, such that we may turn the
powers of the demons back upon themselves and cast
them into the dark waters from which they sprang.

There was no risk making contact with the spirit. One
soancient and noble as Amn-Thoth knew full well the
wisdom of entreaties and cooperation, and sought only a

mall quid pro quo before embarking on what has proven to
bea most fruitful dialogue. It all began with trust, a simple
re of faith. | cannot tell you how gratified 1 am to
n SRG theorieshave been correct. Not all denizens
the spirit world are to be feared. Egypt is home to many
id wise souls who remember their former lives and
derstand the perils we face. They want to help us

little in return.

ot begin to relate all that Amn-Thoth has taught

ind typing is becoming painful. We must meet and
relate everything I know to you in person. Can

at near Alexandria or Suez? It is a small matter to
portation from Berenice. I just need to know

i hat may be lost. There is
h that Amn-Thoth wishes you to know and so
that he wishes to know of you.

Tunisia — According to hunters in Tunis and Bizerte,
thee are small cabals of warlocks operating semi-publicly in
ot Tunisian cities, providing services in return for a small fee.
lhsome cases, barter is accepted, sometimes trading charms in
fun for errands carried out in the desert. My first instinct

wuld be to dismiss these claims, except for the fact that those
inlividuals who go out into the sands lose up to three days of

CHAPTER 2: AFRICA

their lives. They remember leaving their homes and heading
out, and then wake in their own beds, days later. What are the
warlocks asking them to do?

Algeria — This poverty-stricken country is torn by an
Islamic uprising that has left thousands of native Algerians dead
from terrorist bombs and horrible rural massacres. The Algerian
authorities appear powerless to stop the killings and have tried
to consult with other African police services for assistance. I've
looked at some of the reports. Based on the evidence, it looks as
though whole villages have tured on one another, neighbor
attacking neighbor without any apparent motive. The attacks

ys happen on nights where there is no moon, and the
killings persist from dusk till dawn. Could this be some kind of

mass possession?

From: witness]
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

As of today, no one on this list has heard from Jager51
in almost a month. Unless anyone speaks up, I have to
assume that he's been caught and/or killed and his network
has been compromised. How our opponents discovered
him isa mystery, though there are a number of possibilities.
But you know what is perhaps even more disconcerting?
The fact that no one on this list seems to care.

Damn it, people, Jager was a racist, but he was one of
us. I don't condone his beliefs (and don't even think about
starting another flamewar over this, because we don't have
time for any more of that). The fact of the matter is it's us
against the whole world. We don't have the luxury of
choosing who's imbued. We need everyone we can get. Not
everybody is going to be neat and clean and easy toget along
with. Some of us may be utter bastards, but that isn't the
point. The point is taking back what's ours. What belongs

| toall of us — me, you and people like Jager. He may have
had some deranged ideas about a person's skin color, but he
was rightabout some things. We have to stick together, like
it Or not, if we're going to win this thing. He worked hard
to keep hunters coordinated all across Africa, and now it's
up t0 us to pick up where he left off.

Lookatitthis way: Even if youcan't bring yourself torisk
yourneck forthe sake ofsomeone like him, think of the other
members of his network. He dropped some names on the list,
butthere musthave been dozens of others he didn't mention.
He must have kept records, even if only in his memory. We
Know how the creatures can turn a man inside-out if they
want to. We have to assume that they know everything he
did, and thatmeansalotof people are indanger. Someone has
toget to Cape Town and try to find out what happened. We
know he was a member of the police. How often does a cop
tumup missing? We can probably get a name and an address
from that and go from there.

"In the interests of keeping the peace, anyone who is

to investigate Jager's disappearance can email me

ly. I'll create a separate mailing list to coordinate

ition and contingency plans. Right now, circum-

stances keep me from heading to Africa myself, but I'll be
glad to help in any way I can.



Subject: | PariahDog Unabridged |

To: | hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: | willow12

Get
Meee Messages

Copied To:

As requested, I've gathered together all the postings from the identity known as "PariahDog." Use them as
ou need. Keep the brotherhood strong.

>From: pariahdog! 40
>Subject: Well Met in the Year of the Tiger

>>To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

>> [haven't seen any other posts from Asia. Maybe there's a listserver floating around the ether somewhere
>> in Vietnamese or Urdu. Until that's discovered, seems like I'm the voice from the East. My first advice is:
>>Don't think of Asia as a haven from your European monsters. They're here, too, but they're born of
> nightmares that are just as real and just as hungry. Some of you are lucky I found this site

>>" My pseudonym here is PariahDog because I'm a sansei, a third-generation Japanese-American. | took a
>> lot of shit for it, too, growing up where I did. I've been playing Assistant English Teacher (read: human tape

Asian

>>> recorder) at a high school here for almost a year, but I didn't come here for the job. Since both my father and
>>> grandfather died before | was born, and since my mother seldom mentioned either of them, I came here with
>> the hope of tracing my roots. Ha! Once you've left Japan, your roots have either been pulled up or paved over
>»>But | still look Japanese enough for people to rattle off these fast strings of nihongo at me, and then look at
>>> me like I'm simpleminded when I don't understand. I know what they're thinking: How dare I look Japanese
>>>when I can't even speak the language? I'd happily put my lineage against any of the yankiis who hang out in
>> Osaka's Amerika Mura, with their bleached straw hair and their cell phones. My mother still remembers the
>>stink of the California detention camps.

>> Anyway, my imbuing was solitary, so I had about a week of bedsweats and razor blade contemplation in
>>the shower — a lot of you know this score, so | won't elaborate. I thought it was some kind of divine
>>> punishment for agreeing to teach evening English lessons at the house of the Yamagumi brothers the month
>>before. (And I don't even buy into God!) These guys, textbook yakuza, approached me about it in a

>> coffeehouse, talking about joining the family. I figured this was my chance to finally scare a little respect out
>> of my countrymen. Thankfully, on the train home from a lesson a few weeks ago, this old guy dropped a calling
>> card in my lap getting off. Only his e-mail and that "Friends" symbol were printed on it. BTW, if
>> you want to start correspondence with anyone, give them only your e-mail address first. It's almost impossible
>>> to trace,

s he

ind the security protecting user identities is ichiban.

>> won't go into details about the return e-mail and the subsequent rendezvous, but it all culminated in
>> myhooking up with a small group of imbued. I wish I could say they've gota Kung-Fu name like, "The Glorious
>> Vengeful Dancers" or "Sunfire Fists," but they just call themselves Kessanhito, "The Balancers." The guy who
>> gave me his card on the train, Ken, was the first. He's been using those cards to pull people together. The
>> group's pretty much an Old Boys Club —I'm the youngest by about 30 years. Ken figures it's because Japan's
>> youth has its eyes closed to spirits

>> There's only five guys in the group — Dragon, Sembei, Saiban, Ken and me. Like most Japanese old
>> enough to remember WWII, they're all firm believers in Shinto. Ken explained it to me. Basicaily, the world
>is ull of nigimitama, a peaceful life energy, and aramitama, a violent one. The monsters that we've all seen are
>>a sult of a gross imbalance in the life energies, and I'll bet you can guess which one's winning. No one knows
>> why this is, but everyone's got their opinions — except me. I think it's a load of crap. Ken believes there's
>> something guiding me despite my being atheist, like my grandfather's spirit or something. I dunno. Ina weird
>> way, I'm like that guy God45. I don't care what hell they crawled out of or what they are or why they are. They
>> just are. I guess that's kinda Zen, isn't it?

>>>more

CERI


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Cont.<<<

We meet at Ken's house periodically to discuss our leads.
It's the safest place. Ken's got trained watchdogs and he's
installed blinding flashbulbs in every room in case trouble
stops by. We don't have much to follow up right now.
Sembei's sniffing out something in Osaka, and Ken's actually
known the Yamagumis as rots for some time. His "ancestors"
told him to tail me after a lesson one night, to throw me his
card on the train. Once he helped me fine-tune my own sight,
I saw their rotted skin and pulsing black veins too. I'm still
teaching them, though, using it as a front to find out what I
can about them.

Ken's sort of become my personal trainer. The guy looks
like a scarecrow, but he's got iron guts and a mind like a
katana — delicately balanced and sharp as hell. He doesn't
really know English, but we communicate pretty well. Since
I refuse to waste time getting blasted every night with my
coworkers, I've been studying Japanese a lot, so I've gotten
pretty good. I'm learning to fight with a hanbo, a short
ironwood staff, one of the few deadly weapons you can take
for a stroll downtown.

All the Kessanhito know one fighting form or another.
They have to — no one owns a gun. The gun laws in Japan
are wicked. The only ones you can buy are shotguns, for
hunting. The licensing and registration procedure is so
tightly regulated that if your pellets embed themselves in
anything outside duck season, you can expecta visit from the
blues. And if you kill someone here with a gun, well, capital

punishment in Japan is death by hanging, and no one feels
like dying a spaghetti-western death.

If anyone reads this and gets a hankering to come to
Japan, let me set you straight on some things. | already
mentioned the gun control, so don't even waste your time
trying to bring your own in. The police here are pretty
straight — no one's noticed any blood flunkies among
them... yet. Politicians are another matter. Two of Japan's
recent prime ministers have resigned in handcuffs.

Youcan enter visa-free for up to about three months, but
it's almost impossible to stay longer unless you've got a job.
If you can read this post, you can get a job easily here as an
English teacher — they always need those. But be warned, if
you get a job, you have to get something called an Alien
Registration Card. It's got your prints on it, and the police
can legally ask you for it at any time. They still don't trust
foreigners here. Then again, being a gaijin can be a real asset.
The general consensus in Japan is that if foreigners had
brains, they'd eat them. Thiscan be troublesome when you're
looking for an apartment or a car, but it means you can get
away with shit that would crucify natives, as long as you play
dumb. They simply chalk it up to your barbaric idiocy.

Getting around here is a breeze if you use the train.
Japan's rails reach every major city and even shoot deep into
Dogpatch, if that's where you need to go. And they're always
on time. But they almost all stop running at midnight, so if


you're looking for traveling nightcrawlers, check the airports
or ferry terminals instead. If you feel the need to get a car,
you're going to need three things: an international driver's
license, a fat wallet and a high threshold for pain. Driving in
the city is insane, and country roads are narrow, badly
maintained and seldom very direct. You'll be amazed at the
lack of traffic on Japan's expressways — right up until you hit
your first toll booth. I've seen $80 tolls here. No joke.

One more thing: Be prepared to discover that every-
thing you "know" about Japan is wrong. Most people here
don't speak English, except at tourist areas and airports.
Computers are only really used by people who need them for
their jobs, and that's not as many as you'd think. I'm glad I
brought mine from home; I haven't seen a "cybercafé" here
yet. And don't expect to meet a lot of wizened old sages
spouting haiku and that bullshit. As with any other wealthy
nation, once the economy faltered here, worship of the
almighty profit margin got a helluva lot more important than
ahandful of dopey river gods. Sure, people still go to ancestor
shrines and all, but the meaning's changed a lot from what it
once was. Kind of like how Halloween and Easter pretty
much revolve around kids and candy back in the States.
From: pariahdog140
Subject: Foxes Among Us
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

My first proactive supernatural encounter is tonight,
and I'm nervous as hell. The Kessanhito are coming over ina
couple of hours with my suit, then we're shuttling into Osaka
toa place called "Season of Tea." According to Sembei, it's
full of kitsune — "fox-people," whatever that means. Suppos-

edly the great deceivers in Japanese legend. Our grand plan
isto trick the tricksters.

It's Sembei's idea, really. He's the one who discovered
that Season is rife with these things. Don't ask me how. It's
ahostess club in Shinsaibashi, Osaka's flashy entertainment
district. Hostess clubs are a strictly Asian phenomenon, |
believe. The staff at my school took me to one, back before
they found out I hated these places. It was pretty lame. A
bunch of suits pay wads of cash to have some pretty girl sit at
atable and talk to them, or maybe sing a karaoke duet with
them. I guess the shadier ones involve handjobs under the
table, but Season's really upscale — total hands-off policy.
Ive heard of it before; it's said to
in Japan.

Sembei's been watching it for some time. What's going
sn, apparently, is that all of these beautiful girls are creatures
mnasquerading as humans. In Japanese folklore, they're sup-
posed to appear to men as stunning women and use that
disguise to trick them into humiliating themselves. Yeah, I
know, another anthropological study into the feminine aura
ofmystification and fear in Asian myth. Well, these MDG are
nore than metaphors. We think they're like succubi, draw-
ing their power from others' lust. Sembei's got two magazine
aticles: The most recent is about an influential Japanese
Diet member. The other is about the president of a major
tlectronics company. Both mention recent marriages to
women they met "at Shinsaibashi's best-known gentlemen's
dub." Read: Season of Tea. They both live in Tokyo. If
ayone wants to check them out, I'll send you their names.

the most beautiful girls

CHAPTER 3: ASIA

Sembei says that he's seen a number of executive-types
led by fox-women into "Nine Tales," a love hotel down the
road. Love hotels are another Japanese institution, custom-
made for discreet rendezvous. You go in, and there's pictures
of all the rooms on giant back-lit buttons. You put your cash
ina slot, press a button and you're off to coital bliss. It's like
a giant vending machine — no desk clerks for jealous wives
to bribe. It's perfect for the creatures' purposes, and for ours.

Tonight we're playing salarymen sycophants to Saiban.
He used to be a doctor, so we're going to say he's big brass in
the Ministry of Health. Ken's letting him borrow a gold-
plated Omega. We even got flashy business cards made up for
him. I'm supposed to be his sister's kid from America, fresh
out of Yale Med. The foxes are going to pick up on all the
shameless adulation we lavish on him and take him to Nine
Tales, where we move in unnoticed. At least, that's the main
idea. Go fishing for these things on their own turf, lure one
away from the group, put her in the net, spill her guts. It
sounds a little far-fetched to me, but at least I'm not the bait
on the line. Tricking the tricksters. | just hope someone's
coming up with a backup plan as I write this.

From: pariahdog!40
Subject: The Best Laid Plans of Mice and Men
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Despite all my misgivings from last night, the plan
almost worked. It almost worked, but not quite. As you know
if you've spent some time on this site, our margin for error is
about as wide as a razor blade. A plan that almost works is a
plan that doesn't work, and a plan that doesn't work will kill
you faster than you can say, "What's Plan B?" But the
Kessanhito work, at least as a group, and these powers that
have been given to us, they work too. That's why I'm here
typing and not on a slab or passing through someone's lower
intestine right now.

Ac the start, it went okay, I guess. We paid our table fee,
the ladies came over and we started putting on a show for
them, playing like old Saiban was our liege lord and master.
They seemed really interested at first. | was pretty interested
too, creatures be damned — until I flipped on my sight. Every
one of them had these vulpine heads with long, jagged teeth.
I flipped it off again. Nothing kills a romantic evening like
long, jagged teeth. Saiban would never admit it, but I think
it made him scared or nervous or something, and he started
tossing booze back to compensate. This turned him into a
complete imbecile — stuttering and knocking over drinks
and shit. Pretty soon the gitls' smiles took on a professional
hollowness, and I was sure we had just blown half a rock on
a failed road show. But the youngest one, she kept on
laughing and asking me about America. At closing, she
invited me to join her for a walk. Now, I'm too young to be
twitching on the hook, but the Kessanhito, those bastards,
they practically picked me up and threw me on top of her,
giggling the whole time. Especially Sembei. It was his money,

I kept her smiling down the neon street and into Nine
Tales. I looked back as often as I thought I could get away
with, hoping I'd see one of the Kessanhito trailing us through
the crowd. Someone must have been, and they did a damn
good job, because I never saw them. I ended up putting down
a wad of cash on a room so sugary, I would have gone into


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

seizures if 1 was diabetic. My companion glided around,
stroking the lavender curtains and laughing at the mirror
over the bed. When she laughed, she was radiant. | just sat on
the pink taffeta bedspread, watching her, wishing I'd never
been given the sight

Finally, she came over and took my face in one hand, my
hand in the other. Hifusou, reading the skin, goes back a long
way in Japanese culture. "I thought there was something
fascinating about your face." She looked at me, then at my
hand. "Your ninsou conflicts with your teisou more than any
I've ever seen. It means you're a stranger among your own."

I mumbled something about the hard time I've had here
tracing my roots. "Chau, chau," she shook her head. "It runs
much deeper than that."

I swear that's all she said, but when she took my eyes into
hers, enemy or not, I crumbled. She must have worked some
fox-mojo on me, because | suddenly started having to battle
this urge to spill our plan to her, tokeep her safe. We were both
surprised by a knock on the door, the prearranged pattern Ken
had originally told Saiban he'd use. She got up to get it. Just as
she was unlocking it, | lost control and shouted a warning. But
the door had already been opened, and that was all the
Kessanhito needed to burst in and rush her into an armchair.

Phere was a rag in her mouth before she could scream. She was
chained to the chair before she could fight. They had a blade
toher throat. Her eyes were sick with fear, and she kept looking
at me, imploring me to save her. | felt like crying.

They took out the gag and started interrogating her
about her people, trying to get a bigger picture of what they
were really doing. It took a while to get her going, but when
she really started to sing, Saiban cringed and let out a yelp
that made everyone jump. "Usotsuki," he said. "Liar." Then
he placed his hands over her eyes and started speaking in this
thick monotone, as if he were talking in his sleep.

I made out most of it, and it seems pretty incredible —
something about a coming age, a great battle, hell rising. The
kitsune are apparently gathering power for a fight, their
method as simple as seduction. They use places like Season
to conquer a man, tie a leash around his balls. If he's married,
it's as a high-priced mistress or with a well-hidden camera. If
he's not, well... It's said that Mao Tse Tung had a kitsune for
a wife, as did a former Indonesian prime minister. In those
times, though, such marriages were the whims of capricious
creatures. Now, they're almost a mandate.

They're placing their own at the sides of men who can be
coordinated, when the time arises, to change the shape of Asia.
Maybe the world. Does the idea of monsters whispering into
the ears of a nation's leaders scare the shit out of anyone else?

Saiban must have been terrified. He snapped out of his
trance and smacked the woman across the face hard enough

to draw blood. 1 guess her spell was still working on me. |
leaped at Saiban and gave it right back to him, tipping over
the woman's chair in the process. When Saiban picked
himself up again, he held his ghost sword, which crackled


with his rage. Things got tense fast, with Ken and Dragon
trying to hold Saiban back and Sembei putting himself
between me and that sword. Ken managed to talk Saiban
down at last, and everyone had sort of forgotten about the
woman. When we finally turned to her, there was nothing in
the armchair but a loop of chains.

With all the revelations, the inexplicable disappearance
and her strange seductions, the creature had dealt usa few too
many cards to play with. We just sat there, catching our
breath, trying to sort it all out. We didn't have long. The air
suddenly began to shiver as we watched eight things materi-
alize in our room. The dealer had returned. She brought a lot
of muscle with her.

Without our weapons, it looked like the only way we'd
leave that hotel was dead. Then Ken pulled outa prayer cloth
and waved it at them, telling them they couldn't advance on
the Sonshou Darani. The fox-people growled and glared at
him with their yellow eyes, but damn if they couldn't move
in. It was like Builder50 was saying about the Torah and
vampires. They just edged back and started fanning out
around us. Dragon began mumbling something and gouts of
smoke billowed out of his suit. Pretty soon the whole room
was filled with this thick fog. With my sight on, | could see
through it fine, but [ could tell the things couldn't, and that
this made them pissed. Sembei had his own ghost blade out,
and he damn near lopped the head off a big red one in front
of the door

We ran into the hallway, but it didn't take long for the
things to find the door and come barreling after us. I was
bringing up the rear, so 1 turned and blew some of that
invisible heat-junk at them, which bought us the time we
needed to get out and lose ourselves in the Shinsaibashi
throngs. We hid in a karaoke joint — just rented a private
room and sat there watching the blank video screens until
daybreak. No one really felt like singing.

I'll try to post a copy of the Sonshou Darani once I get a
scanner. Maybe it can help someone out. Also, if anyone's
got any theories on how that woman managed to vanish like
that, I'd like to hear them.

From: pariahdog140
Subject: Confrontation Rising
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

It's been a week and no one's gone missing yet, so I'm
guessing we eluded the foxes. I can only speculate what
ripples are spreading through monster circles about our little
rendezvous. Ken's already planning our next one.

It's election time here for some political office or an-
other (which seems to be a constant thing). Vans with
loudspeakers roam the streets, blasting out the names of
candidates. They make dogs bark and babies wake up and are
basically a nuisance to everyone. Well, one passed by Ken's
house this morning, and instead of the usual campaign
blather, he claims he heard, "RETURN THE RISEN TO
THEIR SLEEP," repeating until the van was out of earshot.
He figures it's time for a housecall to the Yamagumis.

Istill visit them twice a week, and I've been ekinga little
more out of them each time. They're taking an "extended
business trip" to San Francisco early next year for a "family"
venture that's starting up, which is why they wanted English

CHAPTER 3: ASIA

lessons. From what I've learned, I think they're bringing
something with them when they go. Before they leave,
though, they've got some business in China to settle before
New Year's. I can't pry deeper to find out more.

I try to check out their security every time I visit. It's not
so tight, but there are always two thugs hanging around the
place at all times. Oddly, this hired help doesn't seem have
the blood taint that other vampire flunkies discussed on this
list are supposed to possess.

Ken says I don't have to worry about the security. Since
I'm known at the Yamagumis, | can go through the front
door, and just get them talking. The Kessanhito will worry
about the rest. He's planning the raid for the day of the new
moon, a week from now. (In Japanese folklore, new moons
are when the dead are supposedly weakest. Has anyone else
found this?). Once again, I'm a lure. Wonderful. I might as
well attach some little shiny spinners to my ass and fishing
line to my nose.

From: pariahdog] 40
Subjec
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Sold Wave blows in

We've got a new member in our group, and he's sort of
a local G-man. Powerfully built and with a nasty scar on his
cheek, he calls himself Kanpa, "Cold Wave." He saw the
glyph, the same one on Ken's cards, welded onto Dragon's
truck, and flagged him down. We all gathered at the back of
a greasy yakitori joint last night to hear his story. Apparently,
he used to work for the government, tracking and investigat-
ing people.

Normally, agents run in packs, but Kanpa is supposedly
alone wolf now. He's got some friends at Kansai Airport that
are planning a way to smuggle him out of Japan and into
Seoul, where he's got family. Assoon ast falls into place, he's
going to Korea, digging himself a deep hole and diving in.

Apparently his agency's methods are to capture people
and get them to spill the beans about themselves and their
friends. Well, apparently these guys were investigating one
of the enemy and grabbed the thing. From his story, Kanpa
and one another agent were awoken during the interroga-
tion. While Kanpa was confused by what was going on, the
other guy went nuts and started using edges on the creature

I guess the shit hit the fan, with other agents all over the
creature and this other hunter. Kanpa laid low while the
"company" men supposedly called the other hunter a shinta, a
wizard, and demanded that he explain how he infiltrated
them. They took the other hunter away while Kanpa kept his
mouth shut. He still knew that things had changed, though.
He panicked, went AWOL and fled to Osaka. That's where he
recognized Dragon's sign. He says he wants to learn more about
what he's become from us before he drops out altogether.

We had a lot of questions for Kanpa, like how the
government knew about monsters, but said he couldn't
answer them. He claimed that to keep the bureau safe, agents
aren't told any more than they need to know. He also
suspects that they secretly administer drugs to agents, maybe
in their food. Until recently, Kanpa hadn't been able to
physically divulge as much as he could now. He guessed that
maybe as the drugs wore off, he'd remember more.


TER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Kanpa's "silence" made Ken nervous. He wanted to
know if the "chance" meeting with Dragon wasn't just a set
up for the Kessanhito. Kanpa explained that the government
doesn't pussyfoot around. If they really had business with us,
we'd be behind bars already. It made sense to me, but Ken
wouldn't give in until Kanpa offered to help us find more
creatures. He couldn't turn down an offer like that, especially
against the Yamagumis. The Kessanhito aren't exactly nu-
merous enough to be choosy about our allies. I just hope this
raid goes a lot more smoothly than the Nine Tales thing.

"2000; Year oF rue Dencons"
According to the old calendar of the Sage, next
een Dragons (powerful reptoids) are
}rise from their sleep, asserting themselves
‘of the Thirteen Towers (reptoid cults) and
ancient thronesas Kings of the World.
, when the Dragons rise, where will you
eets of Seoul crack open and the
A the blood of children, what place will

their servants and they have fed me
table. They are terrible.

From: pariahdog140
Subject: Artifacts Recovered
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Howitzerl14, I can meet your flight. Don't forget the
password we agreed on. Anyone else out there undeterred by
my last post?

The raid was a success, more or less. I went to the
Yamagumis' yesterday afternoon, searching for a book I'd
"mistakenly" left after my last lesson. The guards knew me,
so they let me in. I grabbed the book and promptly asked to
use the bathroom. I'd gotten a pretty good idea of the house
layout from surreptitious recon under the guise of previous
bathroom breaks (I used to drink two liters of water before
each lesson). As usual, no one followed me, so I slipped into
the back room, undid all the locks on the rear door and let
the Kessanhito in. Ken put down one guard pretty easily
when they came looking for me. The other was kept con-
scious long enough for Saiban to get information from him.

Saiban and Dragon went looking for details on other
creatures in Japan, or at least for a wad of cash to steal
Everyone else followed me to the rots' lair. I'd seen it on my
first visit to the Yamagumis' — the entrance, anyway. It was
aheavy steel door with a lock like a safe. It may as well have
read "Monsters only." We had no trouble opening it thanks
to Saiban getting the combination. The Yamagumi brothers
were there in the cellar, sleeping on futons

If you read nothing else in this email, read this: From what I'd
read about rots on this site, I'd had Ken bring wooden stakes for
the dirty work. So I pounded one into the closest brother. It
splintered his ribs when it went in, so I know it must have hit
his heart, but it sure as hell didn't kill him. He leapt up and would
have sucked me dry if his head hadn't suddenly exploded! I
turned to see Kanpa with a big-ass gun in his hand, and he was

putting a few more slugs into other thing. The gun's sounds
were no louder than hand claps. I swear I didn't see a holster
on him before, and I'm sure I'm not the only one who looked
for one. Kanpa claimed later that ifhe'd told us he was carrying
a gun, we wouldn't have trusted him. I guess he had a point.

It was pretty creepy down there, once we really started
looking around. There were manacles and bowls caked with
blood. Sembei found a hidden panel behind this weird
carving and pulled out some really funky shit from behind it.
I bought a scanner so | could post pictures. Picture] Picture?
Picture} If anyone's seen stuff like this before, let me know,
especially if it's cursed or something. Ken's keeping it all at his
house. We're getting together to see what it can do.

x e #

[PariahDog's links don't connect. He once sent out a descrip-
tion of the items discussed, which I paste here. — Willow] 2]

>>>One is a palm-sized figurine of a crane on a base.
Both are carved out of a black stone. They're smooth, with
simple, graceful lines. The bird has two tiny gemstone eyes
that seem to glow in dim light.

The second item is what looks like a fancy hand mirror.
That wouldn't be unusual, but something isn't right about
the reflection it casts. It kind of looks like spider webs!

Our third find is a short Japanese sword. There's nothing
outwardly remarkable about it, except for a weird intricate
design on the handle. The sword is strange for seeming normal

when the other objects are disturbing. It scares me most.<<<
a

Meanwhile, Dragon and Saiban found the Yamagumis'
personal files. The most interesting find was a photo taken in
Chinatown of what we think are the Yamagumi contacts in
S.F. Anyone recognize them? Another was a curious memo
in English, not written by the Yamagumis: The Angel knows
about us. Stop him before he goes to Triangle, tells others. Now
at Sai Fek's, Aberdeen Bay. Receive shipment first. Dragon says
Aberdeen Bay is in Hong Kong. Sounds promising. Maybe
another hunter in Asia?

From: pariahdogl 40
Subject: On the lam from the Man
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

We won't be able to meet after all, Howitzerl 14. I'm
posting this from a pay terminal in Hong Kong's airport. |
hope you paid full fare for your ticket, because after you read
this, you might want to get a refund.

Right after my last posting, I decided to head back to my
school and tell them I was quitting. Spin them a tale about a
death in the family — namely mine, if I didn't disappear fast.
When | got to the school, everyone was talking about how one
of the teachers had to chase off a couple of black Mercedes that
had been around the grounds, just circling slowly. The most
infamous purchasers of black Mercedes in Japan are the
yakuza. I left and phoned in my resignation instead. They
won't miss me.

That night, we all met at Ken's house to figure out what
todoand examine our finds from the Yamagumi. Even Kanpa
was there. The bullet that shattered that rot's skull really
changed Ken's opinion of him. When I got to the house, they
were drinking sake solemnly.


We didn't even have time to examine the items. Right
ater I arrived, the dogs went nuts outside. That was all the
vaming I needed to grab my hanbo stick. Just as Kanpa got his
pistol in hand, who should crash through the door but some
ofhis old friends.

There were five of them, with pistols like his. Images of
that Yamagumi's head exploding raced through my mind.
The freakiest thing, though, was the last one to come
through the door. He looked exactly like Kanpa, right down to

standing beside Kanpa. His double
stared the shit out of him! He started screaming. The agents
screamed back. I couldn't make out a damn thing except
something Kanpa said about a secret they shouldn't have
learned. Us? That twin? Kanpa didn't elaborate.

A flash, one of the ones Ken had installed, went off and
everything went to shit. Guns fired, people were yelling. I
don't know. I didn't see most of it. I just threw myself on the
closest one of them, figuring I could maybe give the others a
chance to pe. I knocked the gun out of her hand, and she
clawed at me, making deep scratches across my back. I looked
at my cuts afterward. No one's nails are that sharp.

Whatever the hell those agents had, they were still
human. I hit her hard with ‘my staff and she collapsed. I think
Imay have killed her. Another one was on me and | swung
against him too. I guess I lost it, cause I just kept hitting him
after he was down.

I probably would've been killed myself if Dragon hadn't
dragged me outside and into his car under the cover of his weird
smoke-shit. He gunned the engine and we left it all behind.

All the way to the airport, Dragon kept cursing Kanpa.
It took a while to get him to talk slowly enough for me to
understand. He fought an agent, too, and when he looked up,
Iwas the only one standing. The other Kessanhito were dead.
Another of the intruders was down. But Kanpa — both
Kanpas — were gone. We'd been set up, he said, and Kanpa
had led them right to our safehouse. He could be right, I
suppose, but | don't think he saw the terror on Kanpa's face
when that twin came though the door. I don't know what it
all means. Is the whole government in on the whole truth?
Are they our enemies, too?

We headed straight to Kansai International, stopping
only long enough to withdraw as much as we could from the
ATM (which is quite a bit in Japan, around $5,000, but for
some reason they all close at 9 p.m.). We also stopped at our
places for clothes and passports. That was probably danger-
ous, but what choice did we have?

Dragon explained that if Kanpa really was on the level
about being a government agent, we had to skip town before
they put out an alert for our passports. He booked us onto a
flight for Hong Kongas it was loading passengers. Hong Kong's
perfect, he said. Still the center of capitalism in mainland
Asia, it requires no visas to enter (to encourage tourism), plus
Dragon has contacts here who can score us fake papers in case
our old ones are hot. We also figured we could check out that
possible hunter lead from the Yamagumi memo.

I was shitting bricks when they ran my passport at the
ticket counter, but apparently the government hadn't gotten
a fix on our identities yet, so we were on the plane in 15
minutes. Those slashes across my back really hurt, so I had to

CHAPTER 3: ASIA

sit straight up the entire time. After three hours of this
ial hell, we touched down at Chek Lap Kok. I'm writing
we wait for Dragon's pals to pick us up.

Dragon says his friends are here, so I have to go. Howit-
zer, and anyone else who wants to check out the scene in
Japan, take this warning: We've got powerful government
enemies there, and they're dangerously curious about us.

Hong Kong Police Taicaent
Central
Filing Officer Lt. 233 / He Qiwu

As per my preliminary report filed 29 April, under-
cover investigation has identified Tony Cheung, 31;
Bridgette Lau, 29; and Freddie "Cochin" Lau, 24, as
ringleaders of the "Four North Winds" heroin smug-
gling operation. During interrogation of F. Lau, suspect
implicated a Gan Shuo as Four North Winds supply
point, or maybe | boss — suspect's testimony was con-
fused and somewhat disjointed on this point. Files point
to Gan as major underworld figure, but details so far are
sketchy. No eal

Unfortunately, Lau died in isolation holding cell
under as-yet-unexplained circumstances [see attached
sheets]. Death certificate indicates "suicide," but unsup-
ported by forensic evidence. For one thing, he wouldn't
have had time to flush his eyes, even assuming he
managed to dig them out in the first plac

From: pariahdog140
Subject: Pres
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

This is in reply to Hunter9's roll call to see which of us
have survived through our first Christmas. Happy Holidays,
Hunter. I wrote Santa and asked him to put a more thought-
ful server name in your stocking.

nt and Accounted for

I got my new passport from Dragon's connections today,
and it looks solid. I always wanted to be Danish. They even
attached a Hong Kong student visa and a re-entry permit for
Japan (like I'm going to go back). Dragon's already gone
left for Saigon this morning to investigate a string of hospital
arsons caused by what he called, "fireflies." He couldn't or
wouldn't tell me more — by no means would he let me go
with him. I had another agenda, anyway.

I finally tracked down Sai Fek's in Aberdeen today, and
almost got killed for my cleverness. It's no hunter hideout,
it's a heroin plant. And it's got guards that shoot to kill.
Blood-flunkies, if the description on this list is accurate. I
knew that the Chiu chau triads had made Hong Kong into
Asia's drug source in the '60s, but | thought the authorities
had cleaned them up since. Or maybe they just got the labs
not controlled by rots. It would lend a helluva lot of
credence to Builder's conspiracy theories. [t also gives me a
good idea of what the Yamagumis were planning to take to
America. I'm going to investigate. | want to see if "The
Angel" is as aptly named as I suspect.


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

From: pariahdogl40
Subject: Hong Kong's Hunter
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Well, I founda "hunter" in H.K. Unfortunately, he's not
part of our club and he's not looking to join. I suppose he's
better than Kanpa and his playmates. Why do none of our
enemies' enemies ever want to be our friends over here? It's
ashame. This guy is really serious

Our meeting was under less than ideal conditions. I'd
been watching movements out of Sai Fek's fora few days. The
place isa regular horror hive, with blood-flunkies running in
and out at all hours. A dreadlocked black dude goes in too,
but only at night. To the sight, he's a rot, but somehow
different than the Yamagumis — hard to describe. I'd bet
money he's "The Angel." I usually spy from a rooftop, but
there were some big deliveries last night, and my curiosity got
the best of me.

I'd been watching from an alley nearby. I didn't even
notice the things creep up behind me. I had my staff with me,
but it was three against one. I'd be dead if this ragged-looking
guy hadn't come out of nowhere and dropped the leader with
his bare hands. The other two circled us, but this guy just
whipped his hands and killed them with knives.

"L've paid for your life by jeopardizing my own," he
snarled in English. "The gods may smile upon that, but the
Black Angel will not."

I didn't know what the hell to say to that, so I just
sputtered, "You're one of us?" This query raised his eye-
brows. He motioned me to follow and we wound up in a
tiny Aberdeen apartment, apparently where he lives with

His name is Zhan, and he calls himself shih a "knight,"

He says there are more in Asia. It's odd — he seems

: 's not. He can see through monsters' disguises

like we can, and he can do weird things, but he doesn't

recognize the symbols and he's never heard the voices.

Apparently he was fighting monsters long before there was

an internet, much less a hunter-net. | haven't met anyone
else like us who's been at it that long.

He said he's originally from Beijing, and he fled to Hong
Kong last year with his new wife and his sister, Bai. His wife
died after they arrived. He didn't say how. He did claim that
the things that live under China's northern cities are losing
their "reticence." The sewers and the subways are rotting like
warm fruit, breeding all kinds of horrors. Some have even
crawled out. Apparently the Chinese government's trying to
enforce media silence about it, but as the deaths mount, even
its many hands can't cover all the mouths.

Zhan described these knights like animals before a brush
fire. Overwhelmed by the spreading corruption, they're flee-
ing the cities and being squeezed south. Rumor holds that the
government's trying to broker something with a power up
north before the blight crosses the Chang Jiang river and into
Shanghai. Zhan didn't reveal any more.

Now he's dedicated to starting a war between rival
heroin labs in Aberdeen, by selectively snuffing their mem-
bers. That black guy is at the top of his list. Zhan's backers?
Get this: a group of ghosts in Wanchai — and something to
do with his wife! He claims to work for our enemy, and he

gave me hell when I was shocked. Spirits are seldom fearsome
in Eastern legend. I've picked up books on Asian myths, and
there are a lot more pers than Headless Horsemen. |
suppose that makes everything okay.

According to Zhan, the Angel runs the lab. The guards
are his own creation. Zhan's seen him feed them with his
blood. Zhan says there are other creatures, too — "rats" that
supposedly distribute the heroin "because they hate us."

"Us hunters?" [ asked.

"Us humans," he said.

I can't claim to understand.

When I tried to explain a little about us — being imbued
— Zhan got kind of worked up. He told me that the knights
go through years of training. He says our abilities remind him
of a story about an ancient knight group called the "Celestial
Army." Having been granted powers without developing the
accompanying wisdom, the army supposedly became lazy and
arrogant. Apparently knight philosophy recognizes monsters
as having their place, and seeks to deliver justice to only the
wicked ones. The Celestial Army sought to eliminate all
monsters. The army's wickedness finally caused the earth to
eat its stronghold, leaving no trace of the greedy shih. Zhan
sees us as the return of this group.

If Bai hadn't come in just then, I think he would have
challenged me to a fight or something. | left my hostel name
and the list address before I left. | don't know why. Zhan
probably just burned them.

From: pariahdog140

Subject: Pattern179, take your toys and go home

To: hunterlist@hunter-net.org
WARNING TO ALL HUNTERS

not a Desert Storm vet with a secret collection of

vena ae not dismantle a blood cult in San
Antonio. He has not uncovered a dark secret behind

attern179 is

the school cannibalism in Austin. Pattern179 is a 16-
year-old boy currently on vacation with his parents in
Hong Kong. Idon't know how he's found us, but he's
cryingwolf. Don'twaste your time checking that bullshit
out. Can't we do something about intrusions?

From: pariahdog140
Subject: Hong Kong
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

I've been going to the library where Bai works to talk
with her. Her English is good, and she's been teaching Zhan
for years. She's not touchy about the hunter thing like her
brother — she's come to terms with it through him — so the
two ofus have become pretty good friends. Actually, she's the
first person I've felt close to in a long time, like I'm not an
outsider for a change.

She's been helping me research Asian myths, especially
anything on this "Celestial Army" (nothing so far). I'd like
to give up this business and actually see Asia for-a while.
Maybe even take Bai with me. She won't leave Zhan, though,
and she says he won't give up his "wife" — ???


A few things about Hong Kong to answer Willow12's
questions. The Peoples' Liberation Army is actually pretty
low-key. Before it moved in two years ago, mainland China
promised Hong Kong most of its autonomy. Bai says she
hasn't noticed many big changes, other than fewer Western-
ers around. Crime remains rampant here, though, and
punishments are severe. Don't bother trying to get a gun
legally. Weapon permits are only given to people who can
prove that they absolutely need one — in the eyes of the law.
If you're a foreigner, you don't need one. Bai says that the
black markets of Wanchai and Sheung Wan are triad-
controlled, easy to locate and eager to sell weapons. Caveat
emptor: Sometimes dealers are fronts for police. The locals
are always aware of police operations. They'll help you avoid
them, for the right price
If you do get a gun, be careful. Possession without a
permit will get you 14 years — and a life sentence if you
actually use it. The police are well-armed, too. The Tacti
Unit and Special Duties Units are well trained by dealing
with triad activities almost every day. They'll crack loner
gun nuts wide open — even you, Crusader! 7. Government
corruption's pretty bad here, though, and it's gotten much
worse since Chinese re-occupation in 1997. But don't think
you can graft your way into carrying an arsenal around with
you: Recent ordinances that monitor public ser-

CHAPTER 3: ASIA

vants' lifestyles have made it increasingly difficult for them
to accept bribes. A lot of crimes here are committed with
steak knives and clubs.

From Hong Kong, it's easy to get a travel visa for short
stays in mainland China. You can usually get one from your
hotel in a day if you've got the right papers. From what Bai
tells me, China's a lot less friendly to hunters (like Zhan, and
us I suppose). The mainland still hasa pervasive secret police
force. That pleated-skirt teenager down the street might be
happy to rat you out for advancement in the Young Commu-
nist Party. It's policy for members of the People's Armed
Police Force to live in the neighborhoods where they work,
so they generally have a lot of eyes. The few foreigners in
China make it easy for anyone to recognize you if you're ever
spotted doing something wrong. Pray you're not caught
China's "re-education through labor" program helps keep
the country's crime rate among the world's lowest
From: pariahdog] 40
Subject: Smoking Kills
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I've got another plane to catch, this one to Bangkok. I've
still got to pack, not that I've got terribly much, but the plane
leaves soon, so I'll keep this brief

I nearly lost it when Zhan showed up in my room last
night. The guy who only recently called me a fool now


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

pushed past me, dropped onto my bed, and lit up a smoke
like I was his new pledge brother or something. He started
talking, angrily at first, but that tone quickly gave way to
a pleading one. It seemed that something must have
tracked him after he revealed himself by saving me. His
sister always greets him when he returns home from
Wanchai, but last night he was welcomed by a ransacked
apartment. Tufts of fur and blood streaks on the carpet
were all he needed to realize his sister's whereabouts. She
was in Sai Fek's, huddled in an empty room under the
building. The ratmen were in the lab, as was the Angel,
though there was talk of him leaving that night for busi-
ness in Thailand. With my help, Zhan was going to ensure
that the Angel wouldn't make it.

Zhan told me his plan as he jimmied open a sewer grate
near Sai Fek's. He explained that to create injectable
heroin, a lab needs to change it through an ether and
alcohol solution. This process creates a gas that's normally
vented out. Zhan wanted to cut the power to the vents and
give the gas some time to accumulate, Apparently Sai Fek's
was currently working overtime to finish the recent large
shipment I'd seen earlier; they wouldn't stop fora technical
problem. He needed me there to pull a fuse from the box in
the basement, and to keep anyone from putting it back in.
Meanwhile, he'd slip in and grab his sister. The coup d' grace
would be a spark, which could be created by blowing the lab
lights through the fuse box.

I wanted to ask him how he knew all about Sai Fek's, but
the manhole cover finally came off and the smell of the
sewers took my breath away. Hong Kong fully lives up to its
name: "Fragrant Harbor." Zhan navigated us through the
tunnels and up through a grate into a dingy boiler room. He
found the fuse box and pointed out the circuit to me.

"Give me two minutes to find her, then pull the fuse.
If we're not back in ten minutes, get out." Zhan made for
the stairwell, but suddenly stopped and started whispering
in Chinese. Somehow, I knew what I'd see before I flipped
on my sight. There she was: a woman, Zhan's dead wife
whom I'd seen in pictures. Not all things revealed by the
sight are hideous and wrong. After a moment, she disap-
peared and Zhan turned off his flashlight, plunging the
room into darkness.

When he spoke, Zhan's voice was as empty as the
gloom around us. "My sister is gone, and the Angel's left for
his flight."

"So what are you going to do now?" I asked.

Zhan's flashlight came on again. I'll always remember
Zhan's face caught in the glow: mouth clenched around an
unlit cigarette, glint of tear trails. "I'm going to hold my wife
again." The lighter snapped off and I heard him climbing the
stairs. "Pull the fuse. Leave in five minutes."

No one even came down to investigate. The sewer
tunnels echoed the laboratory's end tenfold — I'm still
having trouble hearing. A final note for visitors: If anyone
comes to Hong Kong, they just might meet a ragged ghost
with a deep-creased face. I've only seen the scowl lines, but
you might not, as he is likely to be accompanied by a smaller
ghost in white. Don't do anything too rash — remember, he

like us. Just ask him how he enjoyed his last cigarette.

- Fe

From: pariahdog! 40
Subject: Bangkok
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I've been poking around this cesspool for a few days,
searching for information on "The Angel," mostly in places
where my unusual requests are accommodated most: Patpong
and Khao San Roads. These are the places where you'll find
the things that make Bangkok internationally known: the
expatriates and the industries that serve them. Since for
eigners here seem to suffer from a nearsightedness that ends
at the tips of their dicks, I've been sowing cash through the
home-grown detritus, hoping it will turn something up. My
limited experience has found Bangkok law enforcement to
provide the best information on any illegal activity in
Thailand. As an even bigger bonus, their information
comes cheaper than anyone else's.

Everything's for sale in Bangkok, and everyone's selling
Although every travel guide screams not to do it, | carrya
bankroll at all times. Favors never come cheaply, especially
ones that keep your ass out of jail. I've learned how to say,
"Can we work something out?" in Japanese, Cantonese,
Schechuan and Thai so far.

The place where the borders of Myanmar, Laos and
Thailand meet, known as "The Golden Triangle," has been
an unquashable center of opium cultivation and smuggling
for years. It could be the "Triangle" mentioned in the
Yamagumi memo. If the Angel's purpose in coming to Thai-
land was to broker a deal for his lab, I've purchased the names
of a few towns he might have gone to. It's far from havinghim
in my crosshairs, but it's better than nothing. I'll start looking
into flights to northern Thailand tomorrow.

From: pariahdog!40
Subject:
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Good news for Willow12 and anyone else looking to
carry on the fight in Asia. I've been recognized and
brought into a hunter compound here in Bangkok. This
group doesn't have a name; | refer to them as the Templars,
after the knights who traveled to Jerusalem during the
Crusades. They're led by a guy I call King Richard. He's
lived in Thailand for 20 years, and he's one of us. He used
to be a bishop at a Mormon temple here, but once he got
"summoned to duty" as they call it, he severed his ties.
Now that he's witne "evil's incarnations," he he's
transcended traditional Mormonism. He's started his own
church, based on a revised, more intense version of his
previous beliefs.

Interestingly, the imbuing apparently didn't take Ri-
chard as much by surprise as it does most of us. I mean, the
official name of Mormonism is the Church of the Latter Day
Saints, emphasis on "Latter Day." These guys have been
talking End Times for 150 years. The group identifies the
"voices" as the Holy Ghost. To them, the Messengers are
God's hand on Earth, so all the whispers and symbols and
strange powers make perfect sense to these people. They
even claim that the imbuing attracts new followers to the
Mormon faith, though I'm not exactly sure how.

Bangkok's Crusaders

Being the atheist that | am, I am once a
exception to the rule. King Richard says my arrival and


‘lack of faith" are signs that I'm meant to join his church.
He's brought it up on numerous occasions. | usually
change the subject. His philosophies sit about as well
with me as Ken's ideas of good and bad life energy. Still,
[know there are things he won't share with me because
I'm not "of the fold".

When Richard was imbued, a group of Mormon mission-
aries had arrived at his temple. Two of them were chosen as
well, and have been with him since, even after his break from
the traditional church.

Since Richard's group receives no more official fund-
ing or backing, he's turned to the local populace for
support. His temple runsa soup kitchen for west Bangkok's
needy, and the prayer groups afterward burn with fire and
brimstone, evil incarnate — uplifting stuff like that. The
ones who really buy into it are inducted into the church
and drafted into Richard's ranks. He keeps the true aspect
of his temple a secret, of course: To most members and
outsiders, the Templars simply spread their religion to the
indigent and unloved.

The group's true purpose is to track down and elimi-
nate the supernatural threat in Thailand, one demon at a
time. Unlike some of the thore inquisitive groups I've read
about on the list, the Templars' philosophy regarding mon-
sters boils down to two words: "seek" and "destroy." That's
all the explanation Richard and his two aides need.

They don't have any computers here — it never oc-
curred to them to look for others like them on the net. I've
told them about this list, so maybe you'll hear first-hand
about MDG in Thailand. There's a "crusade" in the works,
and they've convinced me to help before I continue trailing
the Angel north. For anyone interested in the current
enemy situation in Bangkok, King Richard gave me some-
thing to post here.

From: pariahdogl40
Subject: Abominations in Thailand
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I've set up an internet account for the Templars, but

they've been too busy to use it. Right before | came to

Thailand, they gota lead on some supernatural activity up
north. A lot of the hopeless souls in Bangkok — the tuktuk
drivers, the beggars, the sex-show performers — are from
the mountain areas of the country. Thailand's hill tribes
live there in tiny clusters of villages, cut off from the rest of
the country. They still speak their own languages and
subsist mainly off what they can grow. A long dry season or
an exceptionally fierce monsoon can come down hard on
these people.

In order to preserve their villages, some tribes take to
growing opium poppies for the drug warlords of Burma and
China, especially near the Golden Triangle. Others send
members to Bangkok to scrape together money for the rest.
Alone amid Bangkok's smoke and neon, many of these
displaced people end up on the streets. Those tribespeople
who are able to debase themselves nightly in Bangkok's
enormous sex industry are considered lucky. Their jobs
require them to be well fed.

I'll tell it to you as Richard told me: A recent convert, a
fellow from the Yellow Karen tribe west of Chiang Rai,
approached Richard after a particularly grim prayer session.
Apparently, his village contained the mossy remains of a
prasat hin castle from the millennium-old Khmer Empire. As
far back as village elders' stories went, it had been inhabited
by a powerful spirit said to keep the village's crops plentiful
and the village safe from evil. In exchange, this spirit de-
manded that the blood of slaughtered beasts be placed at the
mouth of the castle's entrance every sunset. The blood was
always gone the next day.

Last fall, the drug war pushed into the village. Burmese
tebels, angered at the villagers' refusal to plant opium, set fire
to the fields. The people were driven to consume previously
shunned food: wild tubers, small animals, and for the first
time the spirit's offerings. The elders hoped the spirit would
be generous.

It wasn't. In the first week after the offerings ceased, the
strongest bull elephant in the village was found at the mouth
of the temple, drained of life. The next morning, the tanner's
infant daughter was missing. The people quickly resumed

As the leader of the Summoned in Bangkok, I welcome you all to join our holy fight! Any who
aowledge will find that Bangkok is rife with what the Thai call "phi pop," vengeful spirits. Truculent
}with the contenders at the Ratchadamnoen muy thai kickboxing arena. Revenants prey on prostitutes |
ini park, We're currently racing the Central Investigation Bureau to deliver justice to whatever's
lurists outside the Temple of Dawn. Theretribution we plan to deliver will be far more appropriate 4
‘Our contacts in Cambodia hear whispered rumors of the recent Khmer Rouge resignation being |
their ranks, Some say the tortured dead have risen again to punish their
cause for the great temple at Angkor's sudden inaccessil
© will find themselves among capable hands. Don't worry about trying to smuggle
possess an enviable arsenal that's been gathered over the past several years. We know enough
et to keep that stockpile growing, and enough friends on the police force to maintain it.
nearly a dozen demons from Bangkok.
to hunt the demons without knowledgeable company. Lone women here will be mistrusted and
tappear Thai will fall under immediate scrutiny by the populace. They become targets for criminals
police don't appear to be controlled by demons, [PD 140: The only blood flunkies in Asia seem to
y of the street gangs are. In Bangkok, you'll find not only safety but survival in numbers.

people of Thailand aré freed from oppression.

Sten to our teachings, learn our ways and join our fight. Together, we can ensure that the good


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

their offerings and the killings stopped, but there were
questions about the next year's crops

It sounds to Richard like the village needs "cleansing,"
so we're leaving tomorrow. There are only four imbued in the
compound, including me. But they're dropping me off in the
Golden Triangle afterward. If you're thinking about joining
the fight over here, you'd have devoted allies in Bangkok
Just post the essentials: time, day and an introductory
codephrase to the list.

From: pariahdogl 40
Subje

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Apocalypse Now

I'm connecting from the last possible place in northern
Thailand —a pay terminal overlooking the night markets of
Chiang Mai. The battle has been fought and won. The
casualties will change the Templars — for the better, I hope,
but I've seen too much to wish too hard. Willow12, read this
post carefully before you come here.

We began the mountain hike tq the Yellow Karen at
sunrise, guided by the convert from the village. All of the
summoned from the temple came up: King Richard, myself
and his two missionaries, "Jacob" and "Noah" — both very
intense. They were all wearing this outfit that Richard told
me protected them from evil, which included the shirt and
tie they always wear. I didn't ask questions, but it was kind
of ridiculous —

rolling into town to purge monsters with

the Osmond family. Nine of Richard's truest believers from
the dregs of Bangkok came, groomed and wearing similar
clothes. Altogether, we were a dozen starched shirts and
one fatigue jacket strong

Our arrival was like Pizarro's conquistadores riding
into Mexico City, or Columbus' landing in the New
World. There couldn't have been more than a few hun-
dred people in the village, and every one flocked to us,all
big eyes and open mouths. King Richard immediately took
control, giving everyone big smiles and handing out the
bags of rice and salt we brought as he cheerfully explained
our mission to crush whatever lived in the ruins outside
town. I couldn't understand his explanation; I only in-
ferred it from the way the talking and laughter seemed to
hush at once, leaving only Richard's voice as he finished
his speech

What really drove it home was the bundle of M16s that
Jacob thoughtlessly unwrapped while Richard talked
America was allied with Thailand during Vietnam. When
we fled, we left a lot of toys behind. As I've said, you can get
anything in Bangkok, usually dirt cheap. Well, this little
surprise got the whole crowd jabbering again. Someone
started crying. The crowd bled away like the tide, leaving
Richard talking to the sacks of food we'd brought, The
villagers just left it laying in the dirt. It really looked like
some of them could've used it, too


Peace Corps

Attn: Doris Boyce,

SE Asia Regional Supervisor
Hong Kong

Dear Ms. Boyce:

I have a strange question that I hope you can
answer. As you know, our corporate observer had sent
my P.C. team to Ye in order to inoculate the population
— mostly Karen separatists — with the usual vaccines.

However, while we were there, Derek, as you
know, had his accident. We all know the sad story of
how that happened, but the thing that is bothering me
is how the villagers reacted. Immediately after we lost
Derek, we never saw any of the local people again

| without a thin yellow ribbon tied around their wrists.

| The ribbons were very long, trailing back behind them

‘to the hut of the village elder, "Old Man Bo," who
esn't come out much.

When I asked the people, they said the ribbons

sre to keep their butterflies from flying away to join
Derek. Old Man Bo justsmiled and pretended he didn't
English.
~ Ialso asked Mr. Bucholz, our corp. observer, but
he just laughed and said they could wrap themselves
in all the ribbons and bows they wanted, it didn't
| matter anyway.
| would appreciate any light you could shed on
| this matter.
_ Sincerely,
Allison Narvaez
_ P.S. By the way, I'm fully in favor of the vaccinations,
why do we need to clear all our operations through a
porate observer? Is it purely a funding thing?

The Templars started passing around rifles and car-
ridges. By afternoon, we were on the path to the temple. It
wasn't that impre: It was a tumble of grimy vine-covered
stone, and it didn't even clear the tops of the trees. More
noteworthy was the narrow line of village men blocking the
entrance, a handful of machetes and a couple hunting rifles
between them. It was a brave but pathetic stand, considering
the mismatch of firepower. All the same, they started yelling
atus to leave. I didn't understand it then —we were supposed
tobe helping them! How are you supposed to rescue people
who don't want to be saved?

For King Richard, the answer was as plain asa bullet. It was
acre. That's when I learned the true lengths to which the
Templars were willing to go in their crusade. No wonder they
keptme at arm's length. | was sickened. It was horrible. I dragged
adying man from the path and his rifle wasn't even loaded.

Richard wasa psychopath and I needed to get out of there.
Butagainst a dozen armed men, what could | do? Our guide was
trembling, too. Richard talked to him even as he reloaded his
own gun. I could guess what he was saying: he'd tried the same
thing on me. Something about doing God's work and the
promise of eternal paradise. An assault on ademon's defenders
—the villagers — was tantamount to an assault on the demon

ama

CHAPTER 3: ASIA

itselfin his mind. The other Templars had eaten it up longago.

No one blinked as Richard emptied his rifle into those men.
They just stood around, fidgeting, like they were waiting for
the start of a football game or something.

Richard talked the guide back into the group. That's
when he turned to me, "You wanna cut and run, too,
heretic?" I did, but even if Richard's followers didn't kill me
in the escape, where could I have gone?

We went into the ruin.

It didn't take long to find what we were looking for. A
tunnel past the entrance wound deep underground, then
opened into a chamber so large that our flashlights couldn't
teach the far wall. That's where it started. Someone must
have seen something — there was a burst of gunfire. Sud-
denly everyone started blasting away. I heard someone scream,
and right about then our lights went out.

There were dead things in there. | didn't need the sight
to make out knotty gray flesh and dark eyes. They jittered
in the strobe from the muzzle flashes, like silent film
nightmares. They looked like the zombies I've read about
here, but zombies are supposed move slowly. One of these
was across the room in a flash and tearing into some kid's
throat the next. | jumped when Noah pulled me back into
the intersection. Richard and Jacob waited there, listening
by lighterflame. Fewer sounds of gunfire, more sounds of
dying. "They're fighting the good fight," Richard pro-
claimed, sparking up a flare. Then the shepherds simply left
their flock to the wolves.

We didn't get far. Even Good King Richard dropped his
flare when he saw it. I almost vomited. It was a head, a
floating fucking head, trailing gristle and viscera, fangs
stretched into this big grin. From between those twisted lips
came a gout of fire that all but enveloped us. You say the
vampires in the West are afraid of fire? This one spat it!

Maybe those costumes really did protect the Templars,
because the flames just licked around us. We started shoot-
ing. But even though our bullets were sparking off the walls
all around the monster, none hit it. Someone panicked and
we all ran for daylight, everyone tossing weapons and gear
aside. Finally, we burst into the afternoon sun. Safe.

I don't actually remember pissing myself. It had to
have been a vampire. | read your accounts: "They went up
like paper birds in a furnace." "She reduced to ash in
moments." "Motherfucker couldn't even scream." Well,
none of that happened.

This thing followed us into the full light of day, grabbed
Jacob and snapped his neck like a twig! It wrapped its entrails
around his head and twisted it like a bottlecap.

When it tured, a hideous eye erupted from its forehead.
The thing grinned when its eye met mine — like it wasn't
interested inme—and then itturned to Richard. He just stared.
With my sight, I saw something misty being drawn from him. |
don't know what it was doing, but Richard started shaking and
whimpering, like it was sucking out his soul. Richard's spirit
must have been strong, because he fought the monster long
enough for Noah to bury a jagged stick deep into the head.

The village looked deserted when we came back. I heard
crying from some of the huts and felt frightened, hostile eyes
on my back. I took out my wallet and laid half of what I had left,


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

at least $2,000, on one of the untouched sacks of food. It wasn't
enough. Nothing could have been. I didn't need to speak Thai
to know that the thing in the temple was the center of the
Yellow Karens' beliefs — a god as vengeful and as real as a
smoking volcano. The monster deserved to die, I suppose, but
I wonder if the villagers' beliefs deserved to die as well, without
apology or explanation. We took the Yellow Karens' religion
and left behind a memory of those whose own beliefs had razed
the temples and melted the idols in so many cultures before.

If the Templars shared my misgivings, it didn't seem to
weigh too heavily on them. Richard began describing a more
aggressive plan for proselytization to Noah as soon as we got
into the samlor. Replenish the shock troops from Bangkok's
unmoumed and unloved. Noah wondered out loud how
many forgotten villages there were in Thailand. | had them
drop me off outside Chiang Mai and hitchhiked my way in.

There were no goodbyes.

From: pariahdog140
Subject: Sri Lanka
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The world is wrong. Or I am. Perhaps I'm a stranger
among my own kind, like the fox-woman said. Hell, I don't
even know who my own kind are anymore.

Let me explain how I've wound up penniless and terrified
in Sri Lanka. After my last e-mail, | went hunting around the
Golden Triangle towns along the Thai border for signs of the
Angel. Drug talk is the vernacular up here; government enforce-
ment hasn't been around in decades. Ata riverside bamboo pub
in Ban Pang, I met my man —a dislikable Corsican bush pilot
named Louis who said he might have done business with a nigre.
I checked him out with the sight and he himself was clean —no
taint or anything. But when I flashed an image of the Angel
running this freakish forked tongue over Louis' face and mouth,
I knew he was no stranger to the supernatural.

Itold him I had an urgent message from Hong Kong for
the Angel, that I was one of his "special assistants" from Sai
Fek's. He was skeptical, until I scared the shit out of him with
that heat-haze. That convinced him that I was on the level.
I know there's been debate about using our abilities in front
of normal people. I say do it when you need to get a reaction.

It turned out that Louis had worked with the Angel and
his associates for a couple of years, flying them to a secret
airstrip in northern Sti Lanka. Apparently, the Angel's got
his boss in a village there, someone called "The Nubian."
Louis had never met that person. Last week, the Angel
showed up for a night flight, but this time he brought a guest.
Louis described Bai perfectly. I almost lost my cool and
ruined everything right there.

Even with Louis' "trust," the bastard drained almost all
of my cash for the trip over. We had to cross the Khong river
into Laos after sunset, maneuvering a tiny bamboo raft well
away from the Vietnam-relic PT boats that served as the
border guard. Louis' men picked us up on the other side and
took us to a clearing where more men were removing brush
that concealed a tiny dirt airstrip. They rolled Louis' Cessna
out of a nearby hut. With only a campfire to show where the
strip ended, we left Thailand under a crescent moon.

We landed a couple of hours before dawn on a tiny
private airstrip at the edge of a forest. Louis had apparently

a>

called ahead; a pair of headlights flashed a greeting as we
taxied toa stop. But the rots who met us were not a welcome
wagon. They pulled Louis out of the cockpit as soon he
opened the door, and put a bullet through his head. I
would've locked the doors if | could've found the damn lock,
but I suppose it wouldn't have mattered, anyway. They
dragged me out, kicking and screaming.

P'msure I was about to join Louis. The fucker pointedhis
gun and looked me straight in the eye — and then lowered
it with an exasperated expression. He gasped something like
"damvee." When the one feeding off Louis was finished, the
two talked in hushed tones, like in a huddle. The next thing
I know, I'm in the back of their jeep, getting an escort! They
wouldn't even explain what was going on. They just kept
apologizing in broad gestures and pointed at a map, asking
where I wanted to go, | gathered. | just said "Angel" and
flicked my tongue, like a snake. They seemed to understand
and seemed cowed.

Weeventually arrived ata town called Colombo. Rather
than proceed any further, I got out, choosing not to be
introduced to my target face to face. | wanted to confronthim
on my own terms — and find Bai. All the while, though, I was
tormented by other thoughts. What was a "damvee" and why
had the rot soldiers changed their tune when they thought!
was one? Why did that floating head creature pass me by, too?
For that matter, why did the yakuza trust me? Things I never
thought twice about before were now suspect. What is it
about me? I've been an outsider my whole life: Isolated from
my heritage, family, co-workers, and now I seem to finda
place among the very things I'm trying to stop. What am I!
From: pariahdogl 40
Subject: A land gone bad
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

If there's any place that needs our help, it's Sri Lanka.
Howitzer, Willow — come quickly. There are stormclouds
building here, pitch-black ones, and if they break...

If you want to take up arms here, there are a few things you
should know. The entire country has been in a state of
emergency for the last several years, due to civil strife between
the Sinhalese-run government and the Tamils and Muslims.
As with so many other war-torn countries, irreconcilable
differences over belief and land have devolved into a series of
attacks and counterattacks. Buddhism is normally a very
gentle religion, but the Sinhalese practice it like the Catholic
clergy practiced their religion hundreds of years ago: with
intolerance. They want to make Sri Lanka shining bastion of
Buddhism, and some monks wield enormous political sway,
much to the detriment of the Hindu Tamils and the Muslims.

Like their rebellious brethren in the IRA and the PLO,
LTTE members (Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam) believe
that change must come through violence. The Sri Lankan
Amny is not entirely blameless, though. Amnesty Interna-
tional has been busy with peace-keepingactivity here for years.

What all this means for you:

Tread lightly. Special emergency provisos give the authori-
ties ample power to fuck you up and not give a damn about
repercussions. The police and military have the right to (1)
conduct what would be considered illegal search and seizure in
the USS., (2) arrest you without a warrant, and (3) jail you


indefinitely without laying charges. All this is legal and binding
in Sri Lanka, so don't go crying to your embassy. The only way
they'll be able to spring you is by slipping you a chisel. There's
also a national curfew that's imposed periodically.

As with any other third-world country, though, foreigners
equal money. Playing to this stereotype with the authorities could
help you avoid a lot of grief. But then again, it might not. A lot of
the law enforcement and military are fattened by the enemy.

Computers are still pretty new here, and can only be
found at the universities, the few cybercafes in Colombo and
Kandy, and in scattered wealthy homes. You can drive almost
anywhere here, but leave your weapons behind if you travel
much farther north than Kandy. Your car is almost guaranteed
to be searched at one of the many checkpoints. Public trans-
portation is mainly by bus, which is the safest way to go; buses
are almost never inspected. Unfortunately, buses really only
tun to large cities and the tourist spots in the west and south.

Allin all, it's not safe here, either. And conditions here
leave me wondering: In every country I go to, why does it
seem like I'm trying to save humanity from itself rather than
from the enemy? I mean, the original purpose of monsters in
folklore was to pose as examples of things people shouldn' t do.
Look at the serpent that tempted Eve or the Big Bad Wolf —
they were someone's creations that taught us not to be foolish
or prideful or wicked. It's like they've come back, they're
trapping us in our own folly, and we're too unmindful to see.
From: pariahdog]40
Subje
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

That message that appeared on the list without a num-
ber assignment — from "HongKong" — turns out to have
been from a friend of mine, Bai. Yes, this list was compro-
mised, but this time by the right people. When I could find no
leads to her here in Colombo, I'd assumed the worst and
thought her dead.

I was right.

She must have kept the address [ intended for Zhan. You
may have seen the message, posted | February. You may have
thought she was cracked for putting her home address up. You

may have wondered who she was trying to contact, who could
rescue her, a person she called "The Outsider." It was me.

<no subject>

Itwas after midnight when I made it to her apartment —
how she had one when she had been a prisoner of the Angel,
Icouldn't guess. She wouldn't open the door until I said who
Iwas, and then she wouldn't undo the chain until she'd seen
forherself. She looked old —sunken, hollow. She keptall the
lights off, so the glare from the streetlights only accentuated
her haggard appearance. She told me the story of how the
ramen kidnapped her from her home, of how the Angel
controlled her and took her with him to Thailand. A deal
had gone bad in Bangkok, and some kind of treason occurred
in the Golden Triangle, maybe in connection to the
Yamagumis. She didn't know much. He'd kept her locked in
achest, delirious on something he injected her with... and
on what he'd fed her.

The Angel made her one of them soon afterward —a rot
like all the rest! Apparently he fled the city, to find safety
until clashes between the rots calmed down. In the mean-
time, he apparently left Bai to her own devices, certain that
she would be loyal to him as her "master." She said she

CHAPTER 3: ASIA

quickly discovered that she was not welcome among the
city's rots; she was a "Western" devil, even though she'd been
born and raised in China.

Bai was sitting on her bed in front of me. She took my
hand and began to cry into it. "I'm like you," she said. "I'ma
stranger among my own people." In that moment, | wanted
to take her, whatever she'd become, and run. When | took
my hand away, I saw it.

Blood.

She'd cried tears of blood on my hand. It was the only
thing, after all, that she could cry. [ knew then that no matter
what we might do or where we might run, neither of us could
escape what we had become. She would always be one of
them. I'd always be one of us. It would have been easy to kill
her right there, just like all the other things the Kessanhito
and Zhan and I destroyed. It might even have been the
humane thing to do, but I couldn't. She was still Bai.

Some people learn who and what they are as they
mature. I seem to learn what I'm not. I'm not fully American.
I'm not fully Japanese. I'm not an old-school demon slayer.
Ihaven't found the Word of God. Hell, I might not even be
human. And yet, through all the shit, one indisputable thing
shines through: I'm me. I can say that for certain. Call it
process of elimination.

Ever since I was imbued, there's been nothing but an
"us" and "them" — and I don't mean toward our prey. Read
posts by Builder50, Jager51 and Hunter9 if you don't believe
me. We fight among ourselves as much as we do with our
"teal" opponents. Sti Lanka is the result of such black and
white contrasts: a nation divided, its defenders crippled by
their refusal to ally as the invaders, banded together, rush in
unopposed. | think we need to redefine the meaning of the
word "enemy." We're the underdogs in this secret war, and
we need to be united by our goals, not divided by our
differences. Embrace outsiders or die alongside them.

Anyway, I'm going back up north. Bai has agreed to help
however she can. You may condemn our alliance, but if you
gave the "enemy" a chance, too, you might discover allies
where you least expect them.

There aren't many computers where we're going, so |
may not be able to write for a while. Good luck

>>>From: hongkong

>>>Subject: Re: Where's PariahDog?

>>>To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

>>> saw PariahDog] 40 die last night in what the media has
>>>dubbed "The Great Colombo Airlift." Don't believe
>>>any of it. Willow12 is here. He'll give you a full report
>>>of what happened.

>>> We're in Bombay now, but we're on our way to
>>>investigate the new designer drug problem in San Fran-
>>>cisco that we've heard about. We think it starts here.
>>> Before | go, though, there's something I have to do. In
>>>my country, some families believe that the recently dead
>>>cannot rest until they're remembered with something. If
>>>all your words collected here are not enough, my love,
>>>perhaps this Confucian saying will serve as a humble
>>>epitaph: To be a true knight, you must be open-minded
>>>as well as resolute, since your onus is heavy and your
>>>course is long.



———— — Internet Browser: Hunter-Net

2} 3

Forward Redraw Stop 2 Homepage History Printing Preferences

Subject: [ SOS

To: | hunter. list@hunter-net.org, t

From:| soyboy134

Meee MeSSbes

Copied To:

Dp

CALLTO ARMS

thope this message reaches the right people. If not, | don't know what else there is we can do. If youdo understand
this, then please, for the love of God, listen. If you don't understand, then you will. Maybe not soon, but you will.

Right now, I'm with a group of five. From what I can tell of the list, that's pretty damn big. Not too much of a
fucking comfort, though. More and more often I get the feeling that we're just being pushed together so we can all
besquashed at once. The others don't feel it, but they don't seem to have the same gifts I do. I pray every night they
don't see the kinds of things I do, now that Ashley's gone.

Atleast some of them had a way of rolling with the initial shock. Meredith's father was a police officer. Erin grew
spin the city. Bishop, well, he was a soldier; he saw all kinds of violence before the Dream began. Not me. | was just
acollege kid from Cairns. I played footy with my mates, and went to the pub for a cold one after class, and to Neosa

on holiday. Outside keeping my girl and getting a degree, that was just about all there was. It was boring and ordinary
and predictable, and these nights I miss it more than anything in the world.

My own Dream began quietly. I was just getting some air, walking off a night at the pub alon luded stretch
ofdunes, when | heard yelling offshore. There was a large sailboat foundering. I thought maybe it had run aground
ona sandbar. I saw the shapes of people on deck, waving and shouting for help. Then the boat capsized. I was a
lifeguard for three summers, so I dove in. I reached the boat and could hear survivors in the water all around me, maybe
six or seven, I called out, telling them to follow my voice and swim for shore. One man was sinking when | reached

him and I began to pull him back myself. [ had the group more or less under control when something large slammed
into me from below

Udseen a shark attack once before and knew there was a danger here, especially with so many people thrashing
aound in the water. I yelled out a warning just in time to hear the first person go under. I couldn't even tell if it
aman or woman. | just heard a strangled gulp and that was all. A man went down next, shouting before he sank, then
theard a woman's scream. Over the surf I heard a child crying, then shrieking, and then nothing at all.

That's when I started to panic — the first thing you learn about sharks is that if they're bent on killing you, you're
done. But then a weird calm came over me, and I swear I heard a voice s , "SHIELD THE INNOCENT." That's it,
phin as if I'd said it myself, but in retrospect the most damned compelling words I'd ever heard.

We were almost to shore. | could finally touch bottom. A few metres more and | convinced my "friend" that he
could, too. I saw the others behind —a man and a woman — splashing as fast as they could in the knee-deep water,
coughing and gagging. That's when the waves pulled at me from below, like the ocean itself we
back — and I saw it.

s trying to drag me

Atfirst I thought it was a large piece of debris from the boat, a part of the bow, maybe. Then I realized it was
moving toward me —a fin maybe a metre high and stone grey. All I could do was watch as the water sw celled in front
ofit, a massive wave with a dark shape at its heart. It was a shark, but bigger than any I'd ever scen, ever heard of,

tising up behind the others. [ think [ shouted. I don't remember. The woman had enough time to turn around. She
made a ... sound. By then the shark

on them. The water turned red and both were gone.

>>>more

D> Ta]

sata

aon


Yin yay] | Ng ‘Maur ATTear ay IwYAr 10 "WoY awed ay aay
‘seas And siya OYA MOUY I.UPIP ] "I sea WY] "Woy? Jou 02
papasu | pur ‘pres ay ‘001 ‘p1oq aya Aq uasoys udaq p,Aay,
‘Pey ] YI] ssurya uaas pey syayio iy aut Suynsseay sem
9} "UMop ayoug | ‘s}YysNoY asoyp |]e SuOWL aayMaWIOG
‘Sunysy inoqe ‘Survuny
inoge IYsNoY) | "Mauy ay reYD MaUy | ‘AvMeE aYsry ou Ie
Surseis asay) poors asnf ap] ey MENS paiayeEq & puk sayIo]
Aanp oo WH{s}10 Bu] e BuLeaM sem pu "}]}EY WOP 24D Par]
Ayjeoiseq ‘[pea saaw Om) URED a1 sem dF] "sada AU aAaTTAq
01 dla YOO] O2 pey | "WEIS ayer-Aarey ev OUT Burdwng 941]
sem uty Sunaayy "dn pamoys Aapysyy a10J9q YOU UAAa ,UseA
y] Buoy Asa 40} ]]e WI Japuom o1 aU aavy IUPIP |
"]]e991 pynos ay
Surya Ayuo ayp savy | ‘sary rurey stay pur syoumo ]]TW [eo] aya
JOM} & YIN ASINAD [RIDIYO aULOS UO Udaq Pay] ‘BUItP afoya
ayp noge seIsouure axa]duioo v sem UEUI ay_], (TUAWTUONAUA
[B09] YI UO siaya sANIsNpUr [aais aya BuIApNIs ys1BOJODa
WEUTUIIAOS B aq 0} INO pauIM OY) paaLs | URW >y PUL
‘a|doad own jo sureutay ayp pasaaoosip Ajuauedde pey a21]0d

AY SuIssIU, se parst] a1am srauassed oy jo dauy Ing
|e2eqp pue sou peuoNeataeu e o2 anp punosse unu pey 1wvoq
aup pies zaded ayy {pjnom oy ‘2tfod ayy oF 2,upIp |

"Suryadue uey) alow sui pazeds wey
Jewuou *** aay asowye | ‘uMep Aq ‘asio/y "uaddey ,uppnom
Yang ‘19810} 01 paruem asnf ] "sjaay sAn3 yey uo YB

uaaq avy pynoys | ‘pip | YM Butaas pur sarioa Sunway soye
‘snsaf {002 ‘dn paxdero | 1,Usem Aya Og "ABMe BuTBA UY MES
Ase] ] UdYA PANO sty Jo No pautdas vT]ay ay puE ‘sean SuryA
JY JOAaIVYM Woy Vostad auo Jo |] aaes or paBeueut | "qo!
yeau8 & OUOP PJ "INS "YEDX "predY P,] yLNAOONNI AHL
CAAIHS,, ‘Burp soya ay pouseun pur uesur suo' pl
Ji SuLpuom ‘woos Aw UF axvave SULAT YBIU YA IUAdS |
-asoddns | ‘vaze
Bupped & 02 sounp ays 1940 yo uns ‘QUOH sem panes | UeUL
ayL ‘Burysiuea ‘saop pue pauum Suryp ayy ‘Ajeury
"ou Aq 108 2,Upjnos 4 pue asne> ay aq 01 pauses
J ‘sem 91 J2Aarey A *(2,UOP ]]NS | ue) MOUY I,UOP |" qui
ypeq 11 Surpjoy ‘eae a1 Surdaay sem oya aut sem a1 pazipeas
J voym saey] "ypeq Surpyey adoy a1 ang ‘aw uo uMop Ieaq oF
pata ay S89] aeynosnww sy UMop SuruUNA 2403 aya 01 ad¥j APBD
Sv Woy |IeIap UWEppos Alaad UT BULyAeI IE Le YOR pazeas asNf
| ‘Aeme pajquiesos pu paweasos papjarys | ueur ayy doiem.
Apooyq Sutdduip ‘uosiad-sjey Sueys-spey ‘91A0w sISUOUI & Jo
ano BUIYUOs sea a1 [HUN adeys SuISueyp ‘asi 01 pauidas 1
‘pouunis ‘paypiem | sy ‘Surddeus yaar pares asnf yy "sada Au
2Ad1]9q 1,UP|NOD | [J]! BANY ALpH Se ‘sno JUOY UT YB paddors
y] ,ihvm Suyonf ony "pavaseq nos ‘arp or Burs r0U we |,
‘Sunnoys pur sisy Aw Burysuay> st saquiawias | [Py "sues ay
[ye ‘seas Surya aya ou9yp 194 pu ‘poors am asayan 11 Joy Moy]eys
00} Udaq aAvY P]NOYs Jam dYyI IYI UaY? UT 02 paLNd>.0
Jadu a "| pue URW oyy Buyout sem ay Gare] UAW;
>>>panunuos


him, understanding implicitly that it was the right thing to
do. To this day, I don't know how Ashley knew how or where
tofind me. I can't recognize another Dreamer standing right
in front of me — but he knew exactly where and who I was.
Needless to say, I look back on those days all the time — we
all do — but that's not me anymore. I'm not allowed to be
that person now.

Ashley introduced me to the others he knew: Erin, an
American who'd been living in Sydney doing clerical work;
Bvan, a would-be pro footy player who gave up his plans
when he discovered the truth; Meredith, a legal aide from
Brisbane; Jim, a tour guide out of Melbourne; and Bishop,
another Yank who'd lived in Australia for a dozen years and
who used to be in the military. Ashley himself had been a
sexton who traveled from church to church all over the
country, doing odd jobs —at least, until he discovered that
folks he buried came back up again.

The only other person they knew who was aware of the
truth was a Father Michael Tonnerre, a Catholic priest.
Ashley had been in contact with him for several months.
We've never met him in person; strictly email and letters so
far. They all told me what they'd seen. Their stories would
have sounded crazy, but m perience made sense of them
all. I thought of returning to school and putting everything
that had happened out of mind, but I kept hearing the sound
of that child being dragged down in the water. My purpose
vas with these people now.

Three months have passed since my Dream. I'd have
died in two weeks if not for the others. I've seen monsters
on the street, in pubs and in the wild. I've killed a dingo as

CHAPTER 4: AUSTRALIA

bigasa car, clubbed a walking corpse to the ground, and was
with Jim when he died. I'm also wanted on a weapons
charge in Queensland. I'd prefer to not say why. Mean-
while, my old life is gone. I've failed school, my parents
think I've joined a cult, and my girl won't talk to me
anymore. The others are as bad off, yet Ashley and Father
Tonnerre have held us together. Father Mike is always
providing gear ora place to stay. Ashley is always there with
encouraging words. Well, he was, anyway.

Three nights ago, everything fell apart. Ashley is gone
and we don't know what to do. Just as soon as we'd learned
enough to help him, we let him down. Father Mike hasn't
returned our messages. The other walkers out of Darwin —
a group we'd learned of only last week — has suddenly gone
silent just as a news comes of a fatal "accident" involving
"tourists" in Kakadu National Park. Good Lord, if they're
gone, we'll be alone. The others are looking to me now, and
I don't know what to do.

So if you hear and you know, the situation here is
desperate. We're on the brink of something huge. If we don't
go into the wilderness now to face it, there may be nothing
left but wilderness in the world before long. They're faster
than us, stronger than us, and worst of all, they're on to us.

Tue Dreams

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: soyboy134
Subject: Dreams
Forwarded From: Ashley Jervis
(Revelation617@angelfire.com)


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

I don't know about the rest of you, but one thing many
of us in Australia seem to have in common is this kind of
shared dream. Some have had it once since being "imbued.
Others have had it as often as every week. The details
supposedly vary, but they're close enough to be more than
coincidence. Almost everyone who's had it describes waking
with a lingering feeling of dread.

Last night, I found this old email in Ashley's account
(originally sent to Father Mike). Itdescribes Ashley's version
of the Dream, with the impact it can have on others who
don't understand.

> Father, the vision came again last night

> I wasalone in the wilderness, naked except fora pair
of ripped shorts,

> facing kilometres of endless land. The sun was high
and I was sweating. I

> somehow knew there was no food or water for
kilometres. That sense of

> being in another time
know what exactly

was even stronger. | don't

> gives me that impression; the earth just felt
younger_. I remember

> feeling frightened, but also very excited, as if ] was
the first to see all

> the sights the land had to offer. That's when I felt
eyes on me, like

> before. Only this time when | turned, instead of the
wind blowing

> dust in my eyes, a group of _things_ were standing
there glaring at
> me

> They were tall and muscular, but had wolf heads
and their eyes were

> red. The biggest one stepped forward and howled at
me, knocking

> me backward. I looked down and suddenly realized
I was on Uluru,

> that I was violating their sacred ground. I tried to
run, but fell

> again. I grabbed a rock to fight them off. I'm

hamed to admit that I

> became enraged, lashing out until | was standing
alone, surrounded

> _ by the bodies of innocent people | had murdered.
The bodies of the

> wolf-men were nowhere to be found. I didn't have
time to pray for

> forgiveness before I found myself walking to the
edge of the cliff,

> — crying. [ tried to stop myself but I couldn't, | just
walked off the edge.

> The last thing | remember was the land below
opening like a huge
> mouth to swallow me whole.

> Iwasasked to leave the hostel this morning because
I was "causing a

> disturbance."
my sleep, so much

> sothat they almost called a doctor, thinking might
be having some

It seems I was yelling and kicking in

> kind of seizure. Apparently they couldn't wake me
at all. As I left, 1

> could feel the others looking at me, suspicious or
pitying — the same

> expressions the sane give to madmen. Forgive me,
Father, for the

> angry feelings I had toward them. I know that were
I like them, I'd

> probably have the same reaction. | suppose I'm just
envious of their

> innocence. May the Lord bless me and keep such
dark feelings from

> my heart.

> Llook forward to meeting the others you spoke of.
While my burden

> ismine alone to bear, it would be nice to be among
those who

> understand.

Kenning vue Lingo 4

A lot of people think Australians give things odd
names. They make fun ofus when they can't pronounce
"Uluru" or "didgeridoo," and then get upset when noth-
ing on the other side of the world is spelled like it's
pronounced, either.

Alotof the foll
them to explain the

ing terms are quite serious; we use
es that we've been thrust into.

However, | must it that we have fun with our
language when we ven when we're scared half to
death, if only to make the things we face tolerable.

Even our walker slang is used for more than just
laughs, though. Whenaspi rit throws furniture or makes
the walls bleed, you're all ready to pi yourself; and bail.
But when someone tums, smiles and says, "We've got a
real banger here," you're on your way to gaining control,
or at least to getting out alive. Humour is the one thing
that keeps you sane when nothing else can.

Aborigines — The natives who were here long
before us. yy First People or simply Originals.

Banger — A poltergeist or other nuisance spirit;
comes from their habit of banging on things to get the
attention of living folks. Used to annoy them, show
them we don't care for their ways.


Big Six — What we call the six types of crean
Ashley's prophecy warns of. We haven't met all of
yet (at least we don't think so), but we're keeping our
eyes open.

Cross — Ashley coined this term for the sense ¢
duty each walker feels. Some of them don't like it —
they think it sounds too religious. I think it's just right.

Dodgy —Shady, suspicious; in walker-speak, some-
thing that smacks of the supernatural.

Dream, the — Since we walkers all seem to have
similar dreams in common, we call our first crossover
from normal life to whatever it is that we are "the |
Dream." Some Dreams are peaceful and calm, while |
others (like mine and Bishop's) are nothing but blood.

Ducks — Ordinary people; they tend to travel in
flocks, paddle around in their own little ponds and
otherwise live up to their name when trouble starts.

Dundee — An Aussie who goes overboard to fit
tourist stereotypes, or any American who tries too hard
toblend in. . 3

I-House — The hostel we've set up; located in the
Sydney vicinity (security prevents giving an exact loca-
tion). It's an unassuming little building where we hide,
store gear, trade information and plan walkabouts. é

Irwin — Slang for a walker whose guts get him in
trouble; the kind of person who walks right up to a
skinchanger and marvels at its fur coat or comments on.
how its teeth are so well suited for tearing flesh.

Lobos— The walking dead; comes from "lobotomy."
You know, "Dead in the head"?

Mates— A group of friends, male or female. Wed
not walk around randomly calling people "mate. *

Oz — Australia. Comes from the abbreviation
"Aus," not from the movie. "Aussie" is pronounced"
"auzie," not "aussie," all right?

Returning World — The prophecy given to Ashley
in which the spirit world is trying to merge with the
mortal realm. According to his interpretation, that
would mean the end of civilization — Hell on Earth.
Another interpretation holds that it's "simply" the
teturn of the Aboriginal Dreamtime, creating a new
world by fusing both spirit and matter; a different world,
of course, but not necessarily evil.

Seppo — An American. I'll let you in on a little
secret: We Aussies love to rhyme things, and the only
thing that rhymes with Yank is "septic tank."

Skinchanger— Creatures who can turn from people
intoanimals. So far, most of the ones we've encountered
have been wolves or dingoes, but the shark from my
Dream is never far from my mind. Every time I hear of
agreat-white attack off the Reef, [ wonder if there are
more of them.

Sleepwalker — A hunter, or what the rest of you
‘seem to call the "imbued." We call it sleepwalking,
because of the Dream that starts our journey (and
because of the way most of us start to look after a while).

ROO) and Wollons

CHAPTER 4: AUSTRALIA

Sleppo — A few of us have started using this term
for others of our kind from abroad, especially Ameri-
cans, who seem to have a good head on their shoulders.
It's meant affectionately, trust me. The term comes
from crossing "seppo" and "sleepwalker."

Sculling — Finishing off a drink. We also use it for
killing a nasty, nasty monster. ("We sculled this ugly
lobo tonight.") Used beforehand, it means something
like "suck it up," "get ready" or "there's a real down and
dirty fight ahead."

Walkabout —I hope they don't take it badly, since
we honestly don't mean any disrespect to the Aborigi-
nes by borrowing it, but we've come to call going on
hunts our own version of walkabout, especially when
the going gets really weird.

Walk This is what we call each other;

_sleepwalker's nice, but takes too long to say. This one's

just for us Aussies, though.
Oh y. getting back to the pronunciation
thing, if you don't want to look like a total idiot, some

basic placeinameswon'thurt: Adelaide (AD-eh-LAID),
Brisbane (BI un), Cairns (CANS), Canberra

(CAN-bra), Melbourne (MEL-bun), Uluru (OOL-a-
g (wool-N-gong).

Cucrure aNd Fotktors

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: soyboy134
Subject: Folklore

Actually, most of this isn't anything I put together, it's
something we found in one of Ashley's journals following his
disappearance. Seems he had a few more notions than he let
on about where we come from and what our purpose is, but
P'lLet him speak for himself. | just have a few words for those
who aren't native. Life in Australia isn't like living in
America only upside-down and with the seasons reversed. I
mean, we tend to live our lives basically like seppos do
work during the week, see the family when we can, go to
church at least twice a year — but the pace of life here is
different, a bit more relaxed. | understand that can take some
getting used to.

First of all, just about everything here closes at six
outside the cities, except of course pubs and restaurants,
which stay open till one or two, maybe later. A lot of shops
don't bother to open on Sunday — there's no "shop till you
drop," although city business have become increasingly busy
and remain open later and on more d: We like our
holidays (or vacations as you call them) and many as
we can, which works out great since there's so much to see
around here. Not that we tend to visit the tourist places —
too crowded — but if you ever want some of the finest surfing
in the world, I know a few places they don't tell you about in
Lonely Planet.

Don't get to thinking we're lazy, though; we just like to
enjoy life instead of trying to cram it as full of "stuff" as we

a ee


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

can. I've met a lot of seppos. It doesn't surprise me that we
coined "No worries" and you invented "You got a problem
with that?"

Don't expect to find one or two cultures here. Australia
is multicultural, too. We're not just whites and Aborigines.
There are large communities of Chinese, Italians, Japanese
and Gre: for example, even in remote areas.

Also remember that this place is damned dangerous. We
have most of the world's venomous snakes and spiders, not to.
mention sharks, crocodiles, and poisonous octopi and plants.
Even platypuses have a poisonous spur. And while wombats
look cute and cuddly, they have claws that can tear a person

Gather Tonnevree,

Last
J prayed for the Lord to send me some tign of whore
tin ts to that I might purge it.

Mia heels een ape ne es
transported, but perhaps the blessed me with a shale
J came across a car by the side of the rad and a family
we were hil the nearest

automobiles. D had picked up a little in my time in Alice
tubpiciously, and) heard the boys talh about hou dirty J.
to me pleasantly, asking me if I liked how the Swant were
and other niceties that are 40 typically
jedgment, but unfortunately it is often alk too tue.
J forgawe the children their rudenets and the
and J fixed it quickly. Put when I looked at the

had. tent the tigen I begged of Him. BEHOLD THE TRUTH,"
family member bore a radsance, some dark, tome light. In that instant ) hnew. the tuuth before me. The father'uas
smoluy-qpey aura, laced with thick black threads. Mis name was Gregory, He worked

Lach
smiling, but he was ureunded ly a deop

in half. Lots of tourists (and locals) get killed by the wildlife
every year.

Most places are hot, too. Really hot. Hotter than Mexico,
Other places like parts of Victoria and South Australia get
snow. Deserts are freezing at night. The climate kills as many
tourists as the wildlife does.

But enough of that. Here's what Ashley wrote, scanned
right off the The entry was written for Father Tonnerre,
as mostof. "sentriesare. As with everything in Ashley's
journal, there's no evidence that he ever intended to sendit.
We've been over the book a dozen times and still feel we'e
missing everything it really says. The truth is in there, beyond
what's on the surface.

J prayed for guidance. It was a the side of, 2 road somewhere between Jacobs and Deulin
gh . : ehulj cst ei ee

where I had slept. I do not claim te have been mi

ecstasy to that J

There was & mother,
tuo young boys. The boys and father waved to me, but the others

father csbidime if I hues anyng abel
, and I offered to help. The loahod obs
{until ther tisten shushed them. The father, bousever, lalled

playing this season, whether I lived in this part of the tevitory,

forgotten in this day and age. Forgise my arrogance, Gather, for passing such braad

their oar and helped jiu the engine. It was a simple problem
(tad fe, mn de Sd
"the Herald spoke ts me; and lo

I did witness it 2

tales Solaaths of alatoing ead toes I Not directly, not by some disease, but by a polten in bis soul, something

tale to hit wows.
in the life

Spray da and ly. Se Lad arg

and uncertainty, of a
end ue

‘a : Saye PED Fy Sse : Peau
‘ "ihe Fe. yma le ld ol og

he children wore worse. A sinister crimson aura surrounded the girl, Connie, der thin teemed ta

pale and ashen The boys were bathed in
} 4 rove eis ;

blue light, and Ibelicved they were

draining the world instead of adding ta it Aud hain egos, Pond save we the eyes eager dark wells.

I wat stunned at the vision for some moments, and

‘The two boys stared. at me from the bach window. I stood there

D bnow. the Lord. sent me te that family os
like tham. The loach of Holl spreads but the might of U

fi ee ee

and I know what I must do to save them, and the souls of others
the righteous i enough to stem the tide.

What the hell is all this supposed to mean?
Ashley never mentioned a word about this family
to the rest of us. Why keep it from us? My guess
is that they're some kind of walking dead, butGod _
only knows what they're like or what they do.


CHAPTER 4: AUSTRALIA

Note: Ashley's journal entry has recently acquired some whether they pose a threat or even what type of creatures
more meaning. Last week, on the trail of a lobo, Evan noticed they are. Ashley apparently saw them as a sign of where the
a family fitting this description, driving past as we got near the country was headed, and that can't mean anything good.
damn thing's lair. Every head in the car turned to stare at him Thing is, when I get glimpses of stuff he understood, I miss
as they passed, he said, even though he was well hidden. him more than ever.
What's more, when we traded information with oursister team Here's another journal entry. It looks like one of the last
out of Darwin, they too reported having seen the family while ones; earlier in the entry, he mentions having dinner with
on walkabout one night. Supposedly the family was picnicking the group in Sydney. That was three or four days before he
ina field by the industrial park the team wasstaking out. When disappeared. We got the short version of this during that
the walkers tried to get closer, the family was gone. dinner, and nothing about the Aborigines. In particular, |
Erin has compared these sightings to American urban wish he would have discussed the six types of monsters he
legends of "phantom hitchhikers," only in reverse. A spirit lists; all we got was a gloss on that, and nothing on how to
family that travels around looking for ... hell, | don't know, defeat them. More than anything else, this is unsettling to
but something to do with us. They have yet to confront or read, phrased as it is like some lost biblical passage. It makes
even speak to us (aside from Ashley, anyway), so it's unclear me wonder what we're really fighting for.

Bishop athed about the Aborigines: Why, if we thought some creatures might be living ir the wilds, we hadn't contacted some of
them, learned what they how. Erin seconded his interest, ashing i there was any folhlore on other knowledge they have might that
could be useful in our crusade. Though it made my heart hoary ts do 40, Father, J told them of what J wrode ts you a while ago, what
Ue Lord granted to me in a vision — that the sons of the Dreamtime shall have no. part in ils return. Bishop abhed me tr relate
vision, and 10.) did as the Herald commanded me: "ANNOUNCE THE WORLDS RETURN." I record it here as witness te the

There will come a time of upheaval, when all of man will sit atop the throne of destruction, and the last pure soul will sucoumb
bo lemptation, At that hour, the divine toldiors hold over the world shall be brohen ard the world will merge with the firmament, mingling
te realms of spirit and flesh. The Droamlime shall return and the sacred animals will walk alongside man once again.

Al the agents of the spinit world, looted their hellish tsrments, have their search for the last pure soul 40 that
a ee eee ing st than. Yo sid
how them buy their marks.

‘The |inst ano the skinchangers, the chosen of the spirit world, whe wear the shapes of animals and whe seek the desuction
of mankind and his vanities

‘The second are the dead returned, whe have risen from Hell in sersice of, their dark matter and his cause, whose name and
free you beau

The third are the restless dead, whe have lest their bodies and. sock to harats and slay the living to acquire new. bests for their eu.

‘The fourth are the unseen demons, who you shall bnow. by the sench of the grave, and who tring wisdem to the Devil about
Hib enemies.

Se oe 1 a an i i el et a a i a he Be Fe Sof rir an
i comet of age.

The sinth are the weavers, whe work heaven and the jrmament tagethen and whe may call the powers of Hell, wave and storm
to confound. the righteous,

At this D saw. a vision of the gates of the opened and the beasts astride the Earth, at , then ever more, and I knew.
eter form peopy al pee ha i a ce pie
betpass, Every son of the land whe tabes up arms against the spits of bis ancestors shall do 4s at the coat of a life he holds dear

Once the tide of the spirits i1 loosed, it shall wash across the world, Distant lands will be stained with ewil until the realm
of spinits overcomes the works of man and all creation will be drowned in the depths of sin

Against this evil, the Lord has commanded warriors to His cause, sacred owsaders who burn brightly with Ais flame, Each
comios his own cr04s, and they are bnown by their eyes, for they behold the Dream and how what fate auaits the world.

Against the tin beasts of the Returning World, there words must be heeded:

Against the thin-changenrs, sland fast and. pierce them. with shafts of moonlight of the earth, for it destroys their twin existence
spe tei he lig dec cll oth thin oe mame, omind tha of thar pashan in Hel Reduce tha todas on thay

ride again.
es fait the nett ad, desig thse things thal gave thm power in ie. Ty reli Unouph Ute hing ubich gave ta

hearts power in life.

Against the unseon demons, there is cleansing fire.

Against the soul-slealers, a spike of steel driven through their heart insures destruction, and one must mind their load, for
\tthuns the righteous at fire.
| st the sorcerers, wear a piece ts be safe from ther spells, and do not believe the lies they weave. Each dewht weakens
pee preloaded eae = i


TER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Aworner TAKE
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: soyboy134
Subject: The Prophecy of the Returning World
Forwarded From: Dwayne_Bishop@hotmail.com
After Soy sent all that biblical nonsense to the list, I'd
like to offer my firsthand perspective. We've been over and
over this "prophecy" since we discovered it. While it's all
very certainly interesting, I have some serious reservations
1) So far, we've dealt witha good half-dozen skinchangers
(and seen as many more), faced maybe a score of lobos, and
come across one thing we haven't been able to identify yet
(I'd rather not venture any guesses on that here). If the
really six definite types of monsters, and they're supposed to
be eating babies and destroying the world right and left, then

re

the rest are being damn quict about it

2) The "prophecy" refers to a pure soul who supposedly
is a key to everything. Yet none of our experiences thus far
seem to reveal anything about him. If he's so important, why
the hell aren't we being told more about where to find him
and how to protect him?

3) Ashle

fine if you're Christian, but it seems to dump a lot of blame

claimed the prophecy was from God, which is

on the Aborigines. That strikes me as someone pushing an
agenda. What does Hell on Earth have to do with them? If
these monsters are related to their beliefs, shouldn't we be
knocking on their door? I say fight the enemies here now and
worry about where they came from later. Whatever these
things are, I've never seen one of them that did anything to

nO cersregass Ene CELE

justify saving it. Destroying them may not be part of some big
plan to save the world, but it can't hurt

GRrearURES OF THE GONTINENY
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
oyboy 134

Subject: What we've seen

From:

Forwarded From: Dwayne_Bishop@hotmail.com

I'm supposedly the tactical expert, so they've decided to
and
what we've learned about them. I don't know what's goingon

let me post about the kinds of monsters we've seen he!

in the rest of the world, but if our critters are anything to go

by, we're all in some serious trouble

Most importantly, we've encountered several
skinchai
that's just the tip of the ice

rs. If even a portion of the prophecy is accurate,
g. Not counting Soy's shark-

monster, all the ones we've faced seem to be part wolf or

dingo. From what we've seen, they can move quickly, lift
enormous objects and heal bad injuries. To kill them, you
have to absolutely destroy them — chop off their head, cut
off their limbs and burn their body. Anything less and they

just keep coming back

A word of caution: Sometimes the body takes a different
shape before you burn it. That's a spirit trick, trying to fool
you into thinking you've killed an innocent person or ani-
mal. _It's only a trick._ What you've destroyed is a spirit, a
creature from beyond this world hell-bent on beating down

the door and moving in.

With the exception of one encounter we had in Sydney,
the skinchangers we've faced have been in rural areas. They


seem to hate technology more than anything else. One
destroyed our car before attacking us, which could be an
exploitable weakness; using a technology "lure." Before, we
followed up newspaper reports and happened to get lucky

low we search for reports of sabotage or industrial accidents
If this trend continues, can it be long before the monsters
attack cities outright?

Another thing that skinchangers seem to have in
common is attachment to runes or symbols. Ones we've
fought have been discovered near caves with native paint-
ings or stone carvings, or the creatures themselves have
been covered with strange markings. We don't know what
they mean — they're not like the ones we seem to under-
stand — but disturbing the symbols has provoked hostility
in two different cases. Maybe ruining the marks does direct
damage to the monsters.

Soy connects skinchanger sightings to areas that have
al significance to Aborigines. | hate to agree with
's muddled prophecy, but if Soy is right, the cre

tures
somehow draw on Aboriginal holy sites in some way. If that's
tue, we have to isolate those spots and destroy them. If we're
going to stop the skinchangers, we may have to tell the
Aborigines what we know. Seems logical, but it gives me this
weird, ominous feeling.

As for the lobos, they're pretty straightforward: nasty
asall hell, just like the skinchangers, but a lot less difficult
tolocate. (Rotting skin and missing parts tend to be hard to
hide, even with oblivious ducks all around.) If you ever had
any doubt whatsoever about sculling a skinchanger, don't
worry — lobos are evil, plain and simple, and there's no
question the world's better off without them. Problem is,
some of them seem to have some wits. They retain some-
thing from previous life, even a normal appearance. Some
in the group here think these lobos are the result of demon
possession, as suggested in the prophecy. The only thing
I'm sure of is that our weapons and abilities seem to work
against both kinds.

Strangely, the smart lobos we've faced have occurred
inland whereas the simple ones have been close to the coast
Could something be creating these monsters somewhere in
the bushland? The farther away from the source they are, the
less powerful and intelligent they become? Problem is, find
ing something in that country is like a needle in a hay stack
Like I said, the skinchangers are most common in the
country. Maybe a single source spawns them both. Destroy-
ing it would solve our problems

One smart lobo looked really goddamn human. Only
Brin spotted it. The thing was actually working as a night
watchman at a church. The fact that it set foot on holy
ground shows how much good crosses and all that stuff are
worth. As we watched it, we noticed a pattern to its
actions. Not only did it seem to avoid bright lights, but it

CHAPTER 4: AUSTRALIA

was completely fascinated by children, spending a lot of
time around the Sunday school. It made my skin crawl,
watching it caress pictures of kids and stare at their
drawings on the walls. It was like watching perverse
parenthood. We finally destroyed it when it cornered a
kid on the church playground. It tried every trick it could
to get us to spare it, claiming it was an innocent person.

somebody named Wayne Fenneman. But when Erin went
to get the kid away, the lobo lost it and we had a fight on
our hands. Afterward, | was tempted to look up the name

Wayne Fenneman, to find out who he was. Some things
you're better off not knowing

Like I said, we haven't come across much else over here,
although we did hear a strange story from the Darwin walkers
about two weeks ago. They claimed to have encountered a
skinchanger while investigating the murder of an Aborigine
It attacked and they put it down, with the usual human
corpse as a result, But one of the group claimed to see a spirit
leave the body, that it wasn't a true skinchanger or lobo, but
something between.

Otherwise — I know the others don't e

xactly want me
to discuss this — but I believe we walkers have to count
ourselves among the creatures here, even if we do think
we're the good guys. Like it or not, we all have inexplicable
abilities. Ours seem a bit more subtle than the enemy's,
suri
that no normal human has? Ashley has convinced the
others that their powers came from God and this prophecy
That just sounds like a cop out. Yeah, Ashley was capable
of some amazing things, like you might expect from a
soldier of God," but Erin is more suited to sporting these
creatures, not fighting them. As for Soy, well, all he seems
to be able to do is _talk_ to them, and that just doesn't jibe
with any apocalyptic images.

, but what's subtle when we're talking about powers

Seems to me that if these powers come from God, He's
more confused about what we're supposed to do with them
than the others would like to believe. That doesn't satisfy
me, not when we're drawing a line between monsters and
us. What if we do beat the skinchangers and lobos? Will our
powers go away, or will we always be this way, different from
everyone else

And if we are, what's to keep us from abusing
what we can do, using it against ducks? I recently discov-
ered that I can do something similar to what Ashley could
make common objects into deadly weapons — no flaming
sword like his, but deadly all the same. There was no
warning, no prophetic sign. One day I couldn't. Next day I
could. According to Ashley's prophecy, this should be a

good thing. So why is it thatall | see is how this same power

in someone else's hands could be used for so much harm

instead of good? If we really are more than human now,

because of God or whatever, we have the potential to be
saviors or tyrants.


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Telephone transcript, unattributed

FEMALE VOICE: You heard me, love. I took
Meggie to one of those witch doctors they have out on
the native reserves. And I think he helped more with
his sticks and God knows what else than any of your
friends in the psychological profession!

MALE VOICE: Let's not start this again. So
's recovered?

FEMALE VOICE: Not fully, but at least she can
sleep again. She'd damn well better, considering I had
to drive her all the way to Oodnadatta to see this
Wotjobaluk person. Benny Wotjobaluk, he said.

MALE VOICE: It didn't cost much, I expect
What did you do, give him a few beads?

FEMALE VOICE: No, he didn't even charge.
He's the death ofall your analyst friends. After he was
done chanting and fixing her up, he said to tell you
the "farmorians" were walking around loose. Red
ones and white ones, whatever they are. Sheep, I
wouldn't doubt.

MALE VOICE: He said tell me? Christ, my daugh-
ter has nightmares and even the abbos blame me!
FEMALE VOICE: That's what he said. Some-

thing about the world being just a dream of these

MALE VOICE: Look dear, I've gotto run. They've
Srave of rie Union
{| To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

things, and now they're waking up. Dreaming sheep!
been at my phones lately.
From: soyboy134
Subject: Oz at a glance
Before I can tell you how to move around in this
country, there are a few places you should know about in

she

advance, places where we've had experiences with the
supernatural, for better or worse. Basic lesson: Australia is
big — as big as North America! There are cattle stations
here the size of American states! The continent is divided
into six states of our own: Queensland, New South Wales,
Victoria, Western Australia, South Australia and Tasma-
nia, and two territories: Northern Territory and the
Australian Capital Territory. Most of our walkabouts have
occurred on the coasts of New South Wales and Queensland,
although we've made a few forays into South Australia and
one trip to the Northern Territo

Although we've lost touch with it in the last few days,
the only other walker group we know of operates out of
Darwin, on the northern coast. From what we've been told,
they've gone south into the desert on several skinchanger
hunts, using Alice Springs as a base. They've also made one
trip to Perth, and lost two members toa pack of skinchangers
there. The idea that skinchangers have advanced to the
coast does nothing for our sleep around here, since we'd
hoped the coasts were safe zones, too far from the heart of
the bush. True, Perth is isolated and an easy target, but if a
city, even a remote one, can be infested by skinchangers, it's

aaa ee ol

only a matter of time before others like Melbourne and
Sydney are targeted

For now, the castern coast seems relatively safe. Arrange
to travel in through Sydney and stay in that area if at al
possible, at least until you're familiar with the country. The
high industrial base seems to keep skinchangers away, al
though there are still lobos there

We discovered an intensely haunted spot abouta month
ago. It's on the Great Ocean Road, which runs from Torquay
to Warrnambool in Victoria. There's not many tourist at:
tractions along the way, just you and the road and the sea. Or
at least, that's what the ducks are meant to think.

All of us were there except Meredith and Ashley, who
were over in Sydney. We were driving at night to make up
time. Erin woke up the rest of the car, pointing down to the
ocean. Dozens of figures were clambering out of the surf,
staggering toward the road. | thought they were drunk
tourists or something, when I realized I could see right
through them!

Evan yelled and I realized there were more of them
ahead, lined up along the highway, hundreds of them
dressed in everything from modern clothes to old sailor

outfits. What could we do against so many? | just drove as

fast as | could, going straight through some. [ tried not to
think of what would happen if we ran out of petrol in the
middle of them. | know Bishop has theories about spirits
originating in the bushland, but this is about as far te-
moved from there as you can get, and there were hundreds
of them. I think they could be using the road to get to
distant cities that might normally be inaccessible to them
People might take the road and arrive at their destinations
with unseen passengers

When we know better how to deal with it, we plan to go
back to the Great Ghost Road (as we call it), first in the day,
then to see what we can do at night. We're just going to make
sure that the tank is full before we leave

Even the Great Ghost Road seems tame, though, com-
pared to the trouble we ran into when we investigated
trouble along the roads leading to Mount Isa in Queensland.
A number of adventurous seppos head out that direction,
despite the fact that it's barren terrain for hundreds of
kilometres at a stretch. There'd been reports of strange
accidents and animal attacks, and then some tourists went
missing. This time we were prepared to go inland, but what
we found was still disturbing. We never found the missing
tourists, but we chased two skinchangers near an active
mine. They lost us somewhere in the tunnels. The next day,
the mine shut down due to a series of "mechanical malfunc-
tions." The day after that, sixteen miners died at a
neighboring operation when an entire shaft collapsed |
After that, the police presence was intense so we left, but
every night we heard the sound of dogs howling. There was
no question that they were responsible for the deaths. Most
frightening was that it took only two of them to do it.

Of course, there are a few safe places here, where you
can lay low for a while if you need to. The first is the I-
House outside Sydney, naturally. We've packed it full of
supplies, not to mention security devices. We figure it
could hold about twice our number for three weeks in the


CHAPTER 4: AUSTRALIA

event of a siege. (There's even a little chapel inside for
the religious-minded, and after a few weeks of this life,
who isn't?)

We've also established a couple of makeshift hostels,
one in Adelaide at a small, run-down hotel called Nick
Restaway Inn. The other is with a married couple in
Alice Springs. Nick has a few rooms permanently set
aside for anyone who registers at his place under the
name "Mister Joe Drak Duck"
idjoining double rooms located away from the street and
with easy access to four different escape routes in case of

or "Misses Jane

I, but they're
not exactly conspicuous or easily traceable either, so we
figure they'll make a good holdover before heading north
to the Outback

As for our friends in Alice Springs, | won't give their
names, but the husband is the bartender at a well-known
pub. He'll pay special attention to anyone who orders a
drink called a Bug-Eyed Jesus. Their house is nicer than
Nick's hotel. It can't support a lot of people for any length
oftime without attracting atrention from the neighbours,
sodon't plan on staying long, especially if you suspect that
monsters may be on your tail. The couple are old family
friends of Evan's. Anyone who threatens their lives or
property will have to answer to us

trouble. The rooms aren't anything wonde

or even west to Perth

Meredith just reminded me of something else: So far,
no one has really looked into Tasmania. Bishop and

Meredith have discussed using it as a secondary base of
operations, especially if the skinchangers manage to
idvance to the eastern coastline. Its isolation from the
mainland should keep it safe from them a while longer,
we think

However, a week ago I had a disturbing dream about
the island. | dreamt we were flying there. As we ap
proached, the engines failed and we began falling to our
deaths. Right before we hit shore, | saw skinchangers and
lobos standing side-by-side, grinning at us. That's when I
woke up. I haven't mentioned this to anyone yet, partly
because I don't want to spook them without good cause
and partly because I don't want to give up hope on a
possible safe haven

Still, ['ve thought about the dream a lot. With
Tasmania's majestic wilderness, it might be home to its
own skinchangers, even so far from the heart of the bush
As for lobos, if Hobart's history doesn't lend itself to
unhappy ghosts, nowhere does

Finally, another place that bears mentioning, simply
because we walkers seem to have a connection to it, is
Uluru, what was once known as Ayers Rock. Ashley
names it in his dream, and many of us have dreamt about
it as well. We don't know exactly why it draws us so. It's
vital to Aboriginal beliefs, but that connection does
more to confuse me than anything else, given our sepa
ration in the prophecy. All my instincts tell me there's a
big piece of the puzzle there


UNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Exnieir: Suicide Nove of Roszry McCarray
Dear Sharon,

I think it better to be swallowed whole by the night
than one piece at a time, especially when everyone | turn
to for help will not believe me. I always thought you at
least would be there for me. Like when I ran over the
little girl in the first place. But now that she's back where
are you? You and Terry are probably laughing at me right
now. Just pray for me that dying doesn't send me to her
Death should be peaceful. I pray it sends me where she
will never find me again

TRANSPORTATION

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: soyboy134
Subje

Re: travel plans
Howitzerl 14 wrote

>i want tocome down, but there'sa problem —what do ido?
what are the >w

apons laws like down there? is there asafe place
to come in? what >places are safe to stay? how do i travel once
i'm down thei

Since a lot of you sleppos seem to be awful fond of your
machine guns and all (not that I blame you!), just getting into
Australia can be quite a problem. Australia has strict weapons
laws, especially for foreigners coming into the country. Unless
you've got some kind of government I), official channelsareabig

no-no. However, thanks to some friends Meredith has in the
Sydney police force, we've founda way to sneak some of your geat
in through the airport there, although it's costing us a fortune to
maintain. When the agents ask if you have anything to declare,
say that you have a chronic illness. When they ask you whatitis,
tell them that you have Lyme disease. (Hey, I don't make up the
code words around here.) They'll excuse you from the line and
offer to search your bags privately. Provided you're not carrying
ything really outrageous, like a case of assault rifles ora grenade
cher, they'll take down your name and wave you through. Jus
make sui rest of your luggage is clean

We've made sure they'll look the other way for a variety of
weapons (keeping your name is insurance for the officers on duty
incase youget in trouble later on). Drugsand high explosivesare
too much toask for, and we can'
up and bail 4

t afford to keep this arrangement

punch of sleppos out of jail

Even after you get your gear past customs and make ittothe
L-House, you're still in for some stiff trouble when it comes to
getting around. Most places in America and Europe, you justhop
inacaror train and there youare, no worries. Well, that worksal

ht here if you stick to the coasts, but try to g
than tharand I g
of a day or so. T

nywhere other
arantee you'll be in over your head in the coure
ere are a lot of places in Oz that just can't be
reached A to B, especially with the things out there in between,

First of all, you can make like most of us and drive. Renting
a car runs you about twenty to one hundred American dollarsa
day, depending of course on where you're going and (more
importantly) what you say you'll be doing. Make sure you geta
land-rover; road conditions vary widely by territory anda lotof
the places we're liable to go aren't anywhere close to the well-lit
strips. If you plan to go more than an hour or two from suburbia,


VIWAASNY 2h FL YHO

Ayyptnb pap Aapysyy adoy | ‘sea a OADMOpT

200p ay Uo Yporyy pue doysig qatar ‘ut
papeouued 24,9/4\ ‘Apoo|q |] sn 99s pjnom auo ou os Ut yea1q or
PeY aA\ "ofr NY UE 29A0 JroY ayB 02 YoRG A apew 9,
wary yo] 240
pure Ya} 9A "YDNUT OOr sua At 'sN- UO AduaLE ALY POL "wag 01
{Yomut oo1 asnf sea yf -uea ayy) "UOUPE DI doy a.Up|No> a4
|". sn Buraa09
"Ne UIP JO INO Ys poo}g Jo Auads e UAL, -aIO}oq paLay sara
PA Sunpou ayy [rea payord-ysry e seas aap paUN porwaddestp
PAdy AYRNOUD om asvAy Iw AC) "|e Aw dua" Uaaq Adu P,Aatp
>y1] powaddesip woun jo oa ayp paw aysiy ays aysuuq e sean
axtp A[uappng ‘[Jop3ea v ayy] wary pjoy Sur weyp ang "usasa9A9
P,] Vosiod uuep asasing oup seas a} "AapYsyy poqqeas pue pouna
Ajuappns at uaya Watp Jo OMI at puryoy sou uar oqkeu
sear J anede je 02 HunzeRs seas ay pure aUINASOD Joa E OIUT TAOS
uaaq pey auCaUHOS JI se ‘sUDyS feUTUE pu sed URLUNY Jo yom
"youd areUnYsiU U ay!] paxoo ouNwwa.o aL_L ‘atu AYN] I Aves
Aqqenade oy uo Ayuo ay seas | 08 dnous at Suypeay seas |
Pao ay YBNoayp [en ALN Pomo|Jop ay "UO BUIOg sear
WWM MUD U9AA sh Jo yso1 dtp LOJA ETLUSeYP poueAS dH "MOU
Isnf 1 potuidos sKearpe OP "Sun ayp ponods asal Aapysy ways
SuPFOO] AWeAs O1 aJaYa OPLDp 1 NOE asdM 9,A\ "9[GOU ssa] 919
spanow Atu tury soy tresoud yvonne ypInyoe — Aayysy peyse
‘arojaq a19(p1 U99q PL WYSIU LeEp ssory SUNY On DN 9/7
"ys} [wou OWL pound wy
aposid ue pey ay znye rysu sada sty run payxoo] 2ou0 Jang EEL
23! >8paymouy josnoprat aq ys | "sn jo |e puodag skeape se sen
soypey ‘uIP asoyp MoU ay MOP "ay UE poautp yt aray sodeid
plenbs atp ur zaypays woyea pey ae aetp pres op aH [Ey AAU Uy
unaqp||PyAjuo]NaFINg "99M 2119s — moyoUIOs td} ues uAWION
2tp STUNG a] "01 WLAN 2, USSOP AE_INg ‘padey a4,9K SIA|O atp a]
‘Soap ] ogo] es ay, "yuparayy pjou pur suas auu9 eyoon>!de re
Joo] 8u}0 Yoo: AayYsy Apuareddyy ‘aouapiaa autosaaso2ajqu aim
Aayysy Pue ays "9o10} aoyod ap UO spuDny sey Yay
IESE IBA PULA WAHL LOALOUd LSAW AOA, Sunway
adoy ay sn pjor a} "Ape nsar aye Or Wods spjeA9} | Oy WEP sh Jo
duo ay Maa sAeA]E SO} PEP atp Ul auO]e pu paddea uow0M
dup Jo suorsta pey AgTYsy aNg "UONUONL Ano 4B Or YRnou
us9q 9AvY UP]NOM oUOJE IALL "UOseay pood uUAEP B ANOUPTAL
aztuogeque o7 2UeA NOA YoSid Jo adAa axp ApweXa 3oU — aang
atioac uo doyssdaay oya ueUssounsng F Jo aytas aU sear puoDdds
ALL 208 9m SUNoDoE atp Aq BuIspnl ‘gouey snoignp Ajjenba
29 (pi poal] pur: andar sno}qnp jo sear wndtA as OU "WU
anol pear Ajqeqoud 94,004 "AdUpAG apisino sfurddeupry_ jo
tied & SUNUTIOD Jo podoodsns auNIwAID B HUYSEYD 919M.
aysiu ase] Pood
J} A] YSy ISO] AM PlEYE UL | HOtpEY ‘SMU aqUUDI dARy |
Aainbur ano, apafqng
Aogfos soa,
Wo>HUNOY™ZEQUYOhs 20],
powacklesip Aapysyy Joye SunUOU atp ay! Jatpe, o2
2U9s | JN] UP s,9U9y] ‘Op amv saMEg up ysy dar Apa JaquuUto.
01 spoou plow atp UT auoysUAuE as]a AUOAUE ase> UT Ing "UTE Bq
2,40a\ | OS day] 40} poyse Af sJ auOsnOLaNd tp UEP Iapesst
JSI] atu siqp aetp pure ‘snoussTuep HunpAtre possrua udaey aa ywerp
poo on Aud Ajuo | Jo yuRp ued | SutpAIana preay 9a,n04,

aye,

spiom yeury saaafqng
¢ [Aogdos :woay
Bio DU-IMUNY@Asypwvwuny 207,

|S

"MIP YO dq 3UP[NOA apt] Sty ‘apis ano uo
SPY WEYL INO S198 p4oM J] "AUANoE JaBUEYULYs Jo seage aq pjno
Orsaryay sooe|d aowas aso ayp Jo awOg -|nJore>.9q, Ng "INoqe
Supyeraynod ya moun, |], aq SaueU INO UOLUDUS! ANY OED
nod UaYa op 1 aAKY NOK PY LQ BUNJeAr aq [INS p.aa\‘9q 01
2YBU esey auoU asaya oursd e pur] Or Are sty pue UeIg JO} IU
J) sSuuadg 9>1)y Ut uasppyp anoy poropunuu poy soSueypunse
JOYPUAsaQ] UOSYI ay OUT UDA am "URaIC] AWD YE YSN

"SLU 1 Yaya [009 sty
sdaay ay pu saioeseyp pros v say anq ‘punore soddas a1a20y1
smouy ay uayar Aqqeadsa ‘sou awe dapung] v jo Sunpauos
aq UR aH *(1,ULD NOA saovjd jo Jo] v Ayqeqoud pur) aweu
uu nog azoyaAue yoqe asnf or no dnosd jpeurs w AY 1,94] "TY
YA pono2 U8 NOA J] "Opa. YM Jo 10] e sMOUY DY ANG ‘seaqo1
ssou9 aupnoramed Aue tp pud a,UpIp wedi] soya saUO AYN]
Jo UO s,ULag "puLY E PUD] 02 BUN] $} PuL are am OYA Jo arEME
$1 (punore siojid ysng wsaq ays Jo aUO Haste ULAg "9]oY ay UT
adv uv anny am ‘uondo aarsuodxo uv AyeMUOU st siqa YsnoWY
Suny UMO INOA dAwY NOS JL sd}ISAE avy SUALOI |]LLUS JO 10]
s8ut Jo ated v OUI Yeas O1 o]qissodtut aU UUEp oIesadU4d
ats "Os aA "BULA pLodyo PALY Jo IO] ¥ 40} poawdoud 24,n04
ssaqun ‘uondo dquo atp st sty ‘puryysng ay ur suavor un jo
Jo] B4O4 YS olwaud v J9eYyo or st UONdo Joven Joylouy

‘suodvaa [eBoy]! Bure yaa stupenb aaey i,uop
9a "IF PUryad Aypeod sean Wey paztLas amr YoY vey ay TuLMo|O}
dn anes sn yo Auvur aouig ‘nos tain daay o1 Surpoutos opSBnws
Jo ‘(saaruy se yons) Aypesay Cues ]pas ued NOA suodeaa ieYA UO
Ajo1 pue suuvasy snog rapuauing suondo om aavy Nos ‘UOPINLL

1yBLU arp jo ajpprut ayy ut wuatunedutod sno4 dn syouy oqoye0
Teas 1XOU DY} Sayed asueyourys & jt [rydjoy Ap19exa 1OW Ang ‘synp
AY? JO} JaF'S "PUNY oWIOS jo UATE IUaWULDAO v ay,NoK ssapuN
‘apy ot SULNp pjoy aesBnz aund9s v Ur payso] ApurENa9 woUE
due says pur sjoisid ]]\y usuen s1Qnd preoge jorsid v Aued 01
uORROYTUOpT pur asuany v Juasaid O) Davy NOS ‘sazzeyo suodeam
popeaouiod ysi1 01 BuNypUMA4,NOA SsayuN ‘asianay] -9pU YD ANO Jo
UOReINp Hyp 40} dey ANA ssoude sMOA 39.1, ULD NOS ‘SvagE [EIU UL
Aqersadsa ‘say aavy suerensny jo 20] v arya Soquiowioy

‘sows quia ‘yovoo Aq Suc] you v aq wed dun oy
*(deays jaavs 01 aavy Nod jt shep aaayy ayqeugojwooun Anoid
v aq ued IeYA YsNoYs) dorsuoU ‘sep doy se ayrat] se _axeI UeD
JUIUNUOS-SSOId BUIO — yey AJPANL]AI [TNS SE UTE JO YRod Aq
Jeaeal wv Oy pasedusory "BuIaq aU dy IO) ayes a4,NOA ‘NOA UO
odd ue sey Jaaaieyam pur nod uaamaad ,SUOJAd,, Jo dross v daay
eo nod J] sioy}vA auq Ie 298 6 o[dood paapuny v soY>INg 01
Suypim age sradueyoU|s UA ION "SNP Aq PapuNowNs a4,Nok
{[eJoasog ‘UonuoNe Sunde IOYpN dUEISIp pads e ajdood
Je1daas 198 OF AvAL IU] [OX UL o4,ay1 — saUUN Jo IO] v sUIEN
puw soypeoo posn sey dnoss ang ‘spooyar yar Furpiowos 01
ypeqa4,nod pur asa aoyndury ‘sduudg aarp y «dors Bq auo {yuo
$,2494p PeqANGE ayy O1U peasy or uA NOAJT "UTE Aq parraUUO.
stunaurc) ddaoxa Ano sofeur Auaag "auns 40} s, eq ‘sanoy aysrens
09 40 Qf 40} Buaup wag ue a ang 41 UO UMOp Yoo} soddas
JO 10] "uted1 tO Youod aisueN dYyqnd st UoNdo satpouy

"DUIOU due sdaquunu oup |] Joquiawar
pue Ya] aya UO aaUUp OF duns OyRUL BEY sodas NOA sed
un asnf YQ "UmoD asorLaU aUpL Woy sanatHO}! porpuNy & noge
ypaim e daaf ano yap nogey year vse Saat] INO paavsasoyp joauo
"ysne] 2,uoK] "oIper 9AKA-LUOYs 19410 40 OIPeI GZ) & SI-SE ‘Ynyasn
aq 07 oBuva aya aavy Aatp fi vapt Pood v aie sauoyd apqoyy
"ysnq aya jo uv9y oy? O1UT 193 NOA UdYyar AypeIdadso ‘ayo!
OU SI 2aYMOU JO a]PPHu ay UE yas FunLy "sAup vay v IO} —
poo puv sais ‘jouad — suorstaoad ysnoua ayer Nos duns ayeUr



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page —

25°22 2 2

Welcome to Hunter

Subject: [A story of my limbs

To:| hunter.list@hunter-net.org

a 319
From: | lotus19 Msehe MeSeilges

Copied To:

You'll think me mad for bothering to say all these things, a daft woman out of her element, babbling and
confused, right? I'd say you're wrong. I've read your own stories of dread and wondered many times how you came
to the places you are. Nobody

ants to talk of what came before, only the now, the present. Can't you ever look
to your past selves? Each muscle of your own bodies has a story to tell if you will only listen. I know it sounds rather
naive, pseudospiritual and absolutely worthless. But it's true.

Make no mistake: I'm here for a single purpose, to share with you my knowledge of the lands and peoples of
Europe, its sanctuaries and its hellish pits, where there are shadows to hide in and streets to shun for dear life. ['Il
tell you what I know of the defenseless and the demons and hope it saves your skins. But I can no more start in
the middle than at the end. You need to know my beginning if you're to understand the things I say

I'm a mongrel by birth, what trendy anthropologists call a "hybrid" or "woman of the borders." Like a lot of
young women, I grew up with conflicting signals, thanks to my gender. "Go to school and succeed in your studies,"
said my upwardly mobile English father. "Education is the great equaliser, and if you're equal enough you can follow
me in the family business." Mum, on the other hand, supplied the voice of central Asian tradition and spirituality.
"Find a suitable mate and don't forget to clean the kitchen before you cook grandmother's rice pudding!" I took
them at their word; would my mother and father mislead me? Surely they only had my best interests at heart. So
it was mathematics and psychology for me, first in my home city, later in Germany. Then, as I neared the end of
preliminary schooling and wanted to proceed in my studies, the words of my parents blended together. "Come
home," they said, "and find a husband and a job. Settle down and give us grandchildren. Come home now. Your
schooling is done and your years of freedom are spent."

Naturally, I didn't want to refuse the pleas of my parents. I did want, someday, to have a home and a family of
my own. But the need to plant my soul hadn't yet matured; | still possessed the desires of a child, to see and do things
beyond the hearth and womb. I travelled back to London to explain my position. That's when everything changed

It was the spring holiday, and I walked to the market like I'd done a thousand times, revelling in the smells
and sounds of the city. Despite the tensions at home, London made me feel whole again. | should've expected it
to rip me apart.

It was an alley down near Camden. There I was, bread in a sack, togs in a bag (and my pack weighed down
bysome marble bookends I had bought on a whim), on my merry way home. And that's when I feltpushed. Nobody's
hand grabbed me, but still, something took me towards the alley. In my mind, did I hear voices? Did I see the signs
on all the storefronts flash red, pointing me to a path I couldn't see? I can't remember. | turned into the alley, just
the same. [t wasn't the only time I would find my feet leading me in directions I never thought I'd take

That's when I saw the thing, the demon. I don't know what scared me more, that the villain of mum's worst
bedtime stories should be there in London, or that I actually knew what the thing was. I felt like I was walking
through a story I'd already written in my mind.

She'd called it rakshasa. I thought it looked like a sick tiger who'd spewed up rotten cow lungs. The bastard
stood on its two hind legs and struck out with paws as large as my head. Its unlucky target was a man, and what
afine figure he was. But short-lived, from all the attention the monster was giving him. There wasn'ta thing could
do about it. If I was smart, I would have used his last moments to get the hell out of there. I stayed. I had to stay;
I don't know why. Something held me to the ground like wet concrete. Just as well, because | wouldn't have
believed what happened next.

Press [Enter] to continue.


Press [Backspace] to go back a page.

The man ducked beneath a swipe. Then the rakshasa
howled and clutched its paw. Like a thorn in the massive
pad, a knife buried itself to the hilt. The man scrambled out
of reach, and when the beast turned to him he had another
blade. As he backed another step, he stumbled, falling
within easy reach of the demon. Faster than I knew what I
was doing, as if my fingers knew the score before I did, I
slipped off my pack and slung it at the beast. It connected
against the shaggy head and I had the creature's attention
for a long moment. I pity the mouse in a tabby's glare,
because I know how it feels. Before the rakshasa lunged at
me, I sawa blade hurtle through the air, burying itself in the
shaggy chest. It seemed that as soon as the man launched a
knife, another was in his hand. The fourth blade caught the
thing square in the throat, and the beast crashed to the
ground. The rakshasa seemed to collapse on itself, and in a
matter of seconds the monstrous form was now a rather
small woman, covered in blood.

For a long moment, the man stood over the demon,
another knife in hand. Then — and it shocked me to no end
at the time — he bent over her, grabbed her head and sawed
at her throat. | cowered away. When he straightened, the
head was still dripping in his grip. That's when he addressed
me for the first time.

"N; thing," he said matter of factly. "Come on, we
better get going." No explanations! And I was dying of

a

curiosity. He showed nothing other than complete calm and
apparent expectation that I knew what the hell had hap-
pened. Maybe on some level I did.

"American hunters have it easy — they can pick upa
shotgun with no effort," the man mused as we strode from the
carnage. "Here in Britain, it's a damn sight harder. Lucky
these fellows seem to be loners." I couldn't place his accent,
but his skin had the same warm brown tones as my own,
mixed with a liberal dash of chalk. His blue eyes didn't fit in
his face, like he'd been put together with spare parts. Plenty
of muscle, though.

"Call me Seljuk. And I don't wanna know your name.
Not now. Get outta here first. Questions come later." |
followed him. Damn feet seemed to have a mind of their own
again. Or maybe it was the wind and dust that blew behind
me, stinging my neck and scalp, driving me forward even
though the day had dawned clear and bright

Later that night, I sort of came out of the shocked trance
I'd been in since I saw the rakshasa. What was I doing here,
sleeping on a mattress in a dilapidated rooming house,
watching over some oddball who played with knives? Well,
I can't explain it, and heaven knows I've tried. I just know it
felt rightsomehow. There was that same sense of deja vu had
in the alleyway. I never called my parents, not once. What
was | supposed to tell them, that I'd seen ancient Indian
demons on the streets of London? That I wanted to chuck


their dreams and mine to roam around and find more rakshasa,
or whatever the hell that thing was, just so I could carve out
their hearts?

Seljuk took me under his wing, so to speak, for a couple
of long weeks. I don't see him much anymore, just the
occasional e-mail or covert advertisement. There's not much
awoman on the run can do, but when | found myself on the
Continent, certain opportunities presented themselves. I've
doneall kinds of things, many I'm not proud of, but they were
necessary. It's not an easy life, and it's certainly not glamour-
ous. But I do get to meet all kinds of interesting people. More
thana few have turned out to be good sources of information,
among other things. Others have come into my parlour and
never left.

You thought I sold spices
Save oF rHE Union

Now that you've heard my story, let's get down to
business. Unless you've had your heads totally in the gutter,
youknow the biggest change to hit Europe in fifty years is this
idea of the European Union. Well, for those of you who don't
live in the EU, let me give you an overview, because if you're
heading this way, you're going to run into its bright little
slogans, songs and banners eventually.

Fifteen countries (Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the
Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and the UK) belong
to the EU, which states its ultimate goal as "an ever closer
union among the peoples of Europe." They want to promote
and monitor economic and social progress, claiming that all
the various nations of Europe would be much better off as one
citizenry. Sooner than later, they're going to all use one
currency, the Euro, which will presumably be much easier on
travellers; none of that time-consuming money changing
business. The EU promises to provide for social rights,
combat discrimination and improve employment. It stresses
the need for sharing information and cultivates a policy of
openness on the part of government and economic institu-
tions. And it doesn't believe in the death penalty.

But what does all this mean for you and me?

Well, for starters, let's talk about airports. Watercraft
aside, one of the easiest ways to get around Europe is to fly.
Every country has a major airport, and most have several.
Small regional airlines flit all over the continent on an
hourly basis, which is nice if you need a quick departure. If
you're going from EU country to EU country, there's not
much you have to do by way of producing visas or reams of
official paperwork. A valid passport waved at the customs
folks will get you admitted pretty quickly and with minimal
fuss. But be warned that some borders are stricter than others,
such as going ftom Ireland to the UK, and that some airports
have quite powerful x-ray scanners. Manchester is a killer,
and Frankfurt isn't much better. If you're travelling with
contraband, I'd suggest taking a cruise.

And then there's the extensive rail system. 1 almost
forgot to mention it since it's such a part of everyday life. We
tend to take trains for granted, but I'm given to understand
that America and Canada don't have a rail system nearly so
comprehensive as Europe's. You can travel from one end of

in the corner bazaar, perhaps?

CHAPTER 5: EUR

the continent to the other in relatively good time ona train.
And what's more, most rail personnel don't even ask to see
a passport. But | digress.

Another thing to worry about is extradition. When it
comes to cooperating in matters of law, many of the EU
countries are thick as thieves. You get a record in one place,

's not so hard to haul you next door for a trial. And even
with the abolition of the death penalty, being in court or
prison is something we must avoid at all costs.

Finally, let me tell what I think is going on behind the
scene in Brussels. I've spent a lot of time there, and the place
is fairly crawling with dead things. They swarm all over the
old battlefields, and what's worse, I've seen a few coming and
going at the EU headquarters, always at night. These were no
ordinary things either, but well trained looking fellows,
dressed in quite costly clothes. | tried approaching one, to no
avail; he looked me right in the eye. Next thing ! knew, | was
having a cappuccino six blocks away. | don't know if these
monsters were there on permanent assignment or just slum-
ming. Either way, I don't think it bodes well for the EU.

Pourrics

My father had a saying: Politics were invented in Eu-
tope. That may seema little arrogant to people in other parts
of the world, but he has a point. The bulk of political writing
at least did come from this continent, anda lot of those words
shaped events around the globe. Where would the Yanks be
without the writing of Locke and others of his ilk? The
dreams of reformers in French salons and German taverns
shook the continent in 1789, 1848 and 1871, for starters.
And surely you know that revolutionaries like Che Guevara
and Mao Tse-Tung fairly devoured the writings of Europeans
like Marx and Engels?

So it's natural that Europe is what you might call a
politically active place. Almost every country has dozens of
political parties, and in most cases, whichever party comes
out a winner in the national elections gets to put its leader
forward as the head of state. Less often than not, noone party
emerges as clearly victorious, so the politicos cobble together
a coalition government where various posts of power are
filled with a melange of leaders and viewpoints. You might
have a conservative head of state trying to get along with a
socialist secretary of treasury and a Green Party defence
minister! Britain is probably the exception to the rule in that
we have ade facto two-party system. Other parties exist here,
that's true, but the real power belongs in one of two camps,
Labour or Conservative.

I can't begin to list all the political parties in all the
nations in Europe. Czechoslovakia alone has more than a
hundred, and last election about half of them were repre-
sented. But I can give you some generalities. Most countries
have some version of the SDP, the Social Democrat Party, a
fanciful term for socialists, which may or may not have
splinter factions. Don't confuse these with the various com-
munist parties; that's a whole different kettle of fish. There
arealsoa lot of "freedom" parties, which stand on the far right
wing of conservatism, often at odds with more traditional
conservatives. Confused yet? Just wait, it gets better. Chris-
tian coalitions also have strong representation, such as in
Belgium's Christian Social Party or Germany's Christian

=

0

©
3


TER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Democratic Union and Christian Social Union. Virtually
every nation has a Green Party, which bases its platform on
environmental issues. Finally, in Spain, Britain and Finland
(and probably others I don't know about) you have separatist
parties, such as the Catalan and Basque Nationalists or Plaid
Cymru, the Welsh nationalists who want independence.
Some of the more interesting parties in recent times include
the Network Party, anti-Mafia politicians in Italy; Demo-
crats 66 from the Netherlands, who are pro-business and
capitalism; and the Polish Peasant Party.

All this talk about politics has got me thinking. Ever
heard the phrase that if you've got two people in the same
room, you've got politics? Okay, so here's my theory, based
somewhat on what Bookworm55 has written. | think all the
different kinds of monsters are divided up into competing
factions according to what type they are. You got all the
goblins in one group, the rots in another and the ghosts in yet
another. Then there are these people I call epic beasts, things
like the rakshasa that don't really fit in anywhere. Maybe each
group has some sort of political or social agenda, and they're
engaged in a war with each other we don't really understand.
Naturally, though, their interests may cock up our own.

A numberof you have said these monsters have infiltrated
governments and institutions, and a couple of posts have
referred to "dark masters" who rule the world from the shad-
ows. I've been thinking about this, asking myself why — why
would they bother? "To hide themselves from mortals" is the
obvious answer, but really, I think they do that well enough as
it is — only a few of us have proof of their existence. Here are
some things I came up with. See what you think

First, we'll assume a country is being run by creatures of
darkness. Look at Russia as an example. Communism rose
fairly quickly there. Assuming a shadow government pulls
the strings, who would think communism is the best way to
go? Who would it be advantageous for? How about the ros!
Remember all the stories we heard about the Soviets —
secret police kidnapping people in the middle of the night,
citizens ignoring strange happenings because they assumed
the Party was responsible, and the whole Big Brother para
noia? Sound's perfect, doesn't it? Those bloodsuckers witha
huge, subservient and docile flock of servants, able to cull
with impunity

So why did communism fall as suddenly as it rose? Why
would the vampires let it? Maybe other monsters are respon:
sible — the epic beasts, for example. Perhaps they are
fighting the rots. Why? Traditional animosity is an easy
answer — they hate the other or don't want them to have
I'd feel more comfortable with a better rationale.
Perhaps there is something about the communist system the
epic beasts don't like. But would a fascist government suchas
the Third Reich be different? Nazis employed similar meth-
ods of control, and in the short term were quite efficient at
taking over territory.

power.

They were very systematic in the
transport and slaughter of their "cattle" (if we follow the logic
of people as food)

Two aspects of this argument don't make sense to me,
however: why kill millions in such a short time? Surely there
was a reason other than blood or whatever. Also, the Com-
munists and Fascists were diametrically opposed to each
other; why would the blood drinkers compete? If there wasin


fact a supernatural power behind Hitler, I'm not sure it would
be the dead. But it occurs to me that Stalinist Russia had it's
own purges, as did many of the other communist countries.
Perhaps the creatures were merely culling people who weren't
as easy to control, leaving the more tractable ones behind.
Pethaps...well, maybe this is all tripe.

Sorry for the ramble. It's all just speculation, as I said.
But if the premise is true, think of the implications! A war
among the monsters? Why not? Rots against walking dead
against ghosts against goblins against rakshasa against... Or
maybe it's more factional, with the dead/undead versus the
"living" beasties.

I'dbe interested in hearing
your thoughts on this. If any of
it is credible, the knowledge
would be a-powerful advantage
in our struggle.

Law ENFORCEMENT

Every European country
has a national police force,
which controls any number of
municipal, regional and local
police units. The UK police and
Ireland's Garda are exceptions
in that their officers don't carry
guns. But before you get too
happy, let me assure you that
there are plenty of backups who
do. For example, we British have
apretty lethal antiterrorism unit
called the SAS. These folks are
all business and can be any-
where in the world in a matter
of hours, so just imagine how
quick they can be transported
on home soil. They train with
similar agencies,
Germany's GSG-9, Spain's
GEO and the GIGN from
France, who are in similar relationships with their own
national police forces

vangquisHeD
Tyrants.

our
THemseLves
us TO TRumMPH

Ine zombies
faction among ©

Nationalists wou
thing about it give 6 ne
bbe some kind of recrul

Lotus

such as

So for example, if the local Dutch police armed with
their Walther P5s and H & K MP5s can't handle the
problem, they can call on the Netherlands' elite BBE for
help. Do you really want to fight these guys?

Did I mention that all these special tactics chums
network information with each other and send reps to most
terrorist crime scenes across the continent? Sorry to disap-
point everyone, but I'm afraid we may well be considered
terrorists ourselves (not a pleasant prospect). | mean, the
INTERPOL definition refers to terrorists as persons who
engage in premeditated violence against noncombatant tar-
gets due to political motivations. Maybe a bunch of our
targets are combative, but certainly not all. And since those
who are don't exist in the eyes of the authorities...

Gives one pause for thought, doesn't it?

Let me clear up something about INTERPOL. It's not a
police force unto itself; rather, it's an agency that coordinates

ScottisH Freepom

Party Raiiy

DO you CRave FReeDpOmM? DO
you wianT TO THROU! OFF THe
yoke OF LONDONMS COLLaR? DO
you WanT TO ReCcaLL THe Days
OF WaLLace anD BRUC.e,
THe sassenacHs BeGGeED FOR
THeR mere existence? THeN
JOIN US ON 30 aPRIL aT MmniGHT
On BaNNoCCKBURN FIELD, STIRLING,
uuHeRe OUR ancienT smes once
THe
THe Time Has come
FOR a neu RISING, ONe M WHICH
GLORIOUS
sHaLL

methring abou

"rbelieve the?

of burst. Some"
Jer. This may

dot ashud

tat kind

itment scare

; Ne you say 2
Seljuk, didn't yO4 OH an

3 stoop to F

the police forces of member nations. INTERPOL brings
operatives together and makes sure they have current infor-
mation on criminal activities. They're particularly keen on
stopping organised crime, drug trafficking and ile;

gration. So if you get stopped by an INTERPOL agent acting
in a capacity other than a representative of his own
government's police force, something's amiss.

INTERPOL is an international organisation which co-
ordinates cooperative efforts between the police forces of its
nearly 180 member states. The organisation is a clearing-
house for information on criminals, missing persons and
stolen property. An interna-
tional criminal (and this may
mean you), missing person
(which may also mean you, or
the deader you burned) or a sto-
len car or artwork can be traced
at any time of day or night.

When a member state re-
quests that INTERPOL be on
the lookout for a suspect, the
General Secretariat in Lyon is-
suesa "Red Notice," with details
of the case including a descrip:
tion and history of the criminal,
toall memberstates. That means
if you leave prints or other evi-
dence behind after a job
Rome, Dallas or Hong Kong,
police forces all over the world
can nick you for it and hold you
until you can be extradited. For
reference, the colour codes of
different wanted people are: Red
(request capture of a wanted
criminal), Blue (request identi-
fication or location of a
criminal), green (request infor-
mation on someone who may
have committed a crime abroad), yellow (request informa-
tion on a missing person) and black (request identification
on a dead body).

If you find a way to access the INTERPOL database,
brilliant! The possibilities are endless. A friend at the UK
Bureau found crime patterns — a series of mutilations — that
led me to a gang of creatures that were hopscotching the
French-German border. (Did I happen to mention that it's
good to have well-connected friends? Every little helps, |
always say.)

uuHen

eNnGLisH

ancestors

parental

Scotty

nis kind

Anda word of advice: if you plan usinga fake or "stolen"
INTERPOL badge to get into a crime scene or out of a tight
situation, be careful. INTERPOL has no police force, and
therefore no badge. You may get past the ignorant, but you'll
have some explaining to do if you flash it inspector-style at
someone who knows better.

Gun control laws are stricter in Europe than in most
other places in the world. You need a general permit for
ownership everywhere, and most countries either don't
allow you to carry your firearm around at all or they have
special carrying permits that are extremely difficult to


come by. Lawmakers across the Continent also think you
need a good reason to get a basic permit in the first place;
legitimate reasons seem to be sporting, collecting ot for
job purposes. Being a target shooter might give you some
basis for ownership, too. Overall, it's a bit easier to get a
rifle in some places, since you can justify the need for
hunting, but handguns and anything full auto are much
more difficult to obtain. Germany is one of several nations
that limit how many guns you can own; they take things
a step further by reserving the right to inspect gun storage
facilities among private owners.

Admittedly, I've not seen any zombies or other
monsters among the police forces of Europe. But doesn't
it strike you as strange that, until now, the monsters have
been able to get away with things so easily? Doesn't it
make perfect sense that creatures would have some toe-
hold in law enforcement? How is it that they might
control these people? Drug addiction, hypnotism or some
sort of mind control are possibilities. Or there's always
good old blackmail and bribery. I think there's too much
power within the police force for the monsters to ignore.

Subject: A reminder about Spain
From: lotusl9 ;
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Mythmasterl0, an acquaintance told me you're
heading to Spain, so I thought I'd give you some details
on law enforcement and such there. This is a
than what ['ve put out for the general
situation of Europe. Then again, I had some "interesting
times" in Spain.

Gunsare extremely restricted in Spain. Nobody but
the police (the National Police and the Civil Guards)
ever carry them, and even the police mostly use rubber
bullets instead of real ammo. But if you stir up too much
trouble, one of three kinds of special tactics forces will
come after you. The police have an elite unit called the
Grupo Especial de Operaciones, or GEO, that specialises
in counterterrorism and hostage crises. Then there's the
Artzantza (if you're slumming with militant separatists)
and the Mossos d'Bsquadra (if you cause trouble in
Catalonia). These are well-trained anti-terrorist units;
some of them even train with Mossad, so watch out!

Civilians can'thave guns, unless they're traditional
hunters, in which case the weapon must be an appropri-
ate rifle that is duly registered with the police. Whenever
you carry the weapon, it has to be unloaded until just
before you're ready to use it.

Most crimes in Spain tend to be of the domestic
violence variety, and knives rather than guns usually
settle disputes. If a gun's involved, it's almost always a
hunting rifle. If you can get your hands on some good
forgeries, you could turn this to your advantage.

Take care of yourself and let me know if you find
anything interesting.

Crimes AND CRIMINALS

Technically, each of us is a criminal. Most of us work
outside the law, blowing up things, stalking and assaulting
seemingly innocent persons — any number of activities
blind justice frowns upon. This being the case, we tend to
gravitate towards the darker side of the street. So far, I've
managed to get by without getting in over my head, but
sometimes it's tempting to say, "I've killed walking dead,
what's a few thugs with machine guns?" Some of the most
dangerous monsters in this world still breathe.

First, Pll talk a bit about organised crime. I'll admit
that until I started down the hunter's path, what I knew
about organised crime could be summed up by films.
Criminal organisations are alive and well across Ew
rope. By far the best-known of the international criminal
groups, the Mafia, is still vibrant despite efforts to
eradicate it. I've only hunted in Italy once, and ] didn't
relish the experience. I think Italy is a sty, though, so
I've got a bias there. I'm not personally acquainted with
anyone who admits to associating with la Cosa Nostra,
and I don't know if there are any Mafiosos in our line of
work. They still wield some influence, especially in
Italy and Sicily. But since the end of the '80s, the Mafia
has been overshadowed by a new force to reckon with
throughout Europe.

Organised crime has swept Europe since the fall of the
Soviet Union; I've heard estimates of over 4,000 criminal
organisations in Russia alone! Drugs, weapons, illegal
immigrants, vice, even the theft and sale of plutonium
have become serious concerns. It's even getting to be a
problem in Scandinavia. A contact of mine reported the
number of assaults and gang murders in Stockholm has
risen in the last couple of years, as criminal factions vie for
control over the smuggled cigarette trade.

The Russian Mafia, or Organizatsiya, is ruled by
wealthy, ruthless businessmen. They know how to bend
the system to their will. In some parts of the ex-Soviet
Union (now called the Commonwealth of Independent
States), these criminals have assumed control from the
governments, or control the governments themselves. |
image some of you could see an advantage in cultivating
contacts among the Organizatsiya. After all, for a price
they can get you nearly any kind of equipment, access or
information. Personally, I'd advise against it unless you're
desperate. They are far more brutal than what I've heard
of the Mafia of the West, and likely to doublecross at the
slightest provocation. Also, you can find yourself in the
middle of a gang rivalry. And for the exceptionally para-
noid out there (and who on the list isn't?), how do you
know those we hunt aren't running the mobs? Can you
think of a better way for walking dead or bloodsuckers to
make a few thousand quid?


se AND
Since World War Two, the Soviet

secrets. But since the parting of
of its strangest secrets has been
November night, some tourists
when their car died mysteri-

| the cold to seek help. He
hat he took to be a group

Still calling out,

whereupon the specters

he stey t
disappeated inst
Eventually
assist him. Upon tellin
what he'dseen —the phantoms
sh soldiers and local villagers
slaughtered in.
mass grave! The
‘over their bodies, Which lie unmarked and forgotten
except to local legend.

Prosrirurion

Prostitution is more or less legal in most European
countries — that is, it's le; sex, but it may be illegal
to buy, or to help someone buy, or to work in a brothel or
similar establishment. In some countries, such as Switzer-
land, it's a profession recognised by the state. Greece even
mandated semi-weekly health checks and retirement ben-
efits for sex workers. As one might expect, prostitution is
alive and well in former east-bloc countries, despite being
illegal. Here in Amsterdam, many of us sit in windows; when
aclient comes in, we go to another room to "negotiate" price
and service, like any other business. | should probably warn
you, though, that about half the prostitutes in Amsterdam
are HIV-infected.

Why do I bring this whole subject up? I've got several
teasons, besides the obvious (the prudish Yanks aren't used
tothis sort of thing, I've heard). Yes, it's a form of income, but
Idon't really expect many to follow this path. But hear me
out before you say you don't understand or judge me for my
actions. I'm not proud, but I am practical. | was desperate to
get some money, and I was lucky enough for things to work
out okay. [ don't necessarily recommend it to anyone else.
However, it is a way to meet people, including contacts and
possibly monsters (odd as it may seem). Not everyone who's
entered my "office" has left again.

For those on the outside, a prostitute may be a source of
more than comfort — they hear things and they know
people. One of the local girls may have disappeared suddenly,
alocal mob boss may be a regular customer and the local
constabulary may be easily bought. As with any new contact,
information improves with familiarity. A stranger asking
nosy questions looks like trouble, while a regular client who
tips well might deserve a few innocuous answers.

Asa related aside — I have suspicions about one of the
women down the street from me. I've never gotten close to
her, but I sense an "otherness" about her. I've also watched
her clients; the regulars seem unusually eager to meet with
her, and when they leave they act a little intoxicated. Nota
great surprise, given the legality of drugs here, but | watched
aclient visit her daily for a week, and each afternoon he left
weaker than the day before. The last day I saw him, he was
staggering. Has anyone met anything resembling a succubus,
drawing energy from another through sex? If possible, I'd like
to find out more before I meet her face to fa
Tenrorisw

I'm not suggesting anyone contact these people! Most of
them are dangerous fanatics who strike first and ask questions
later. And like as not, they'd not give a fig for our stories
about monsters and conspiracies. But I provide some infor-
mation here about a few of the best known terrorist groups in
Europe for two reasons. First of all, [ have your safety, such as
it in mind. You don't want to tangle yourself in their
business, nor do you want to be mistaken for any of them.
And second, I suggest that any truly desperate parties among
the monsters may try to take advantage of terrorists' re-
sources and devotions. Can you imagine what havoc there'd
be if a puppet controlled some of these radicals?

The first group is the ETA, the Eukzadi Ta Askatasuna,
known in English as Basque Fatherland and Liberty. Many
members are neo-Marxists, and they want an independent
homeland in Spain's Basque region. Known for bombing and
assassinating Spain's political leaders, they've now included
French targets as well, thanks to France's assistance to Spain
in stomping out terrorism. The ETA uses robbery and extor-
tion to earn money, and some sources estimate they're
accountable for over 800 deaths in recent years. They've
hundreds of members and supporters, and it's quite possible
that they have ties to the IRA.

Ah, the Provisional Irish Republican Army. | heard a lot
about them during my time in England. This is the armed wing
of Sinn Fein, a legal political party in Ireland. The Provos' goal
is to remove British forces from Northern Ireland, and to carry
out this aim, they engage in bombings, assassinations, extor-
tion and robberies. Off and on, they establish cease fires, and
tumours abound that a splinter group within the IRA is the
one breaking the truces. In any case, the group most often
targets public transit stations along with British soldiers and
Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) members. Like ETA, the
IRA has hundreds of members, along with several thousand
sympathisers worldwide.

Finally, I want to mention the PKK, aka the Kurdish
Workers' Party. 1 know it might seem odd to refer to them
when talking about Europe, but they've got a fairly strong
presence here, even going so far as to try and put up a
respectable facade and official presence in Germany (not that
they're getting anywhere). Their goal is to establish an inde-
pendent Kurdish state in Turkey. PKK began as a rural
movement, butnow they're involved in more urban terrorism.
For example, they've attacked Turkish dignitaries travelling
in Europe, and targeted European tourists in Turkey. PKK has
at least 10,000 members, pethaps even more, not counting
their many sympathisers. Kidnapping, assassination, extor-
tion and assault top their list of activities. Their peaceful


protests have come to naught, by the way, and they're still
considered a dangerous criminal element in Europe.

Consider for a moment the rise of terrorism in recent
years. People aren't getting more evil, not really, despite
what the righteous may say. | have another theory. It's
entirely possible that somehow, these creatures we face feed
off of the violence and fear that terrorists breed. And why
not? Rots seem to drink blood and beasts eat human flesh.
Who's to say there's not some creature out there that psychi-
cally obtains sustenance or power from death and destruction?
Maybe a few months ago, I would've laughed at such a
suggestion. No longer.

Unbercroun Conracrs

I'm probably dotty for putting this stuff out on the net,
but I'd feel worse if you found yourself in a terrifically hot spot
and couldn't get help when you needed it most. These are a
few of the more dangerous contacts I've dealt with over the
past months. Oh, don't worry, they're all as human as you or
me, which may ot may not be saying much. Let me emphasise
something here: these are businesspeople. If you show up on
their stoop covered in wounds and acting like a loony, they'll
turn you away at best and grind you into fish food at worst.
But if you comport yourself like a professional and come
prepared to shell out some cash (or sometimes information
and favours), they can be extremely useful. And for heaven's
sakes, make sure you're on a secure line and not followed
when you go to make a connection!

Sefiora Arcelia

Sefiora Arcelia owns and managesan upper-class brothel
near the Plaza de Cuzco in Madrid, and she's amassed quite
a fortune from 20 years in the business. So why do I have a
madame listed first among my contacts? First of all, for some
collateral, Seftora Arcelia will lend you money at a fair rate.
I mean, we can't exactly drop into a bank and apply for a loan
when we need a new rifle, can we?

Second of all, she has quite a lot of information about
what's happening in Spain and even other parts of Europe;
Arcelia's establishment is not a poor, run-down shack, but one
of the nicer places on the Continent. So her clientele is, shall
we say, upper crust as well. And while government officials
don't regularly whisper state secrets in the ears of prostitutes,
enough of them let off steam and such to give Sefiora Arcelia
and her employees a few useful bargaining chips.

For example, | heard from one of the women (who heard
it from a client) that a certain Italian diplomat had been
implicated in a murder... and that he suddenly was back in
Italy with proof he'd never even been in Madrid. Turns out
that the diplomat was the walking dead, and I made sure the
damned thing wouldn't murder anyone else.

Finally, if you're game, Sefiora Arcelia occasionally
hires temporary help, mostly cooking and cleaning, that sort
of thing. My advice, if you want to speak with the Sefiora, is
mind your manners, and if possible bring her a token gift,
even if it's just a bundle of fresh flowers. Anyone can snatch
some from a graveyard.

Erich Gunterheim

How Herr Gunterheim stays out of the police eye is
beyond me, but the man's a paragon among gun collectors, so
perhaps they offer payoff to the authorities to keep him free

and working. He custom models rifles of all kinds and can
usually get what you want within a few days. The cost is quite
high, but the craftsmanship is superb; producing a quality
weapon is a matter of intense pride to him. You can geta
message to Herr Gunterheim through the Barenzwinger
tavern on the Ku'gamm. Go with plenty of cash, since he
doesn't take cheques. And watch out, that's one of the busier
areas of Berlin. I've seen zombies right there on the street.

Hillevi Hilmarrson

Hillevi has a small seaworthy boat and works out of
Gavle, giving him easy access to all of the Baltic Sea and ports
in Russia, Poland and Germany. Hillevi doesn't know any-
thing about our business, as far as | know, and I doubt he'd
care. All he wants is the money. He has a strict fee schedule
and usually isn't willing to barter. A couple of weeks ago, |
was in a bad spot. I'd killed a goblin but neglected to notice
her henchman, and he wasa real brute. Anyway, I hadn't any
cash, and Hillevi refused to take me to Memel, where I had
astash put away. Lucky I know the man's weakness, which ll
pass on to you. He's really into this cheesy hotel game where
young tarts knock him up and pretend to be lost (you can
imagine what happens from there). I know someone in
Amsterdam who likes that sort of thing too, so I promised to
set him a date. For once Hillevi laid his greed aside and got
me to Memel. I haven't spoken to Liesje since their tryst; 1
can only hope they had a lovely evening.

Zigana Vilmos

Zigana would scare me even if she wasn't a cold-blooded
killer. I've only met her once, but she was fair to deal with, The
scary part is that I think she either knows what's going on or
suspects what I'm doing. I didn't hire her for a wet job, only for
some information (and that took a lot of my spare cash), A
contact in Prague tipped me off that Zigana had killed a
Hungarian government official in a rather fiery automobile
ident, and that the fellow was a zombie suspected of doing
away with one of ours. Anyway, | just wanted a few details. For
the right price, Zigana was willing to give them.

Naturally, [ didn't blurt out who we were or our mission,
but she either read a lot into what | was saying or believes in
the supernatural. I recall she murmured that "the night has its
reasons" or something like that. Strange! I'm not sure how to
get in touch with her now, but when I followed her, she entered
an apartment on south Celetna Street, in the Old Town

Ivan Gorky

Obviously this guy is using a pseudonym, and who could
blame him? He stays a few steps ahead of the Organizatsiya,
or maybe he has a deal with them. Anyway, Ivan's a wonder.
He can get just about any kind of forged documentation you
could want, from driving licenses to passports to visas. He's
my main contact (well, my only contact so far) in Russia.
Right now, it's a rough place to be with government unrest,
starvation and rampant crime. If it wasn't for Ivan, | would've
been killed my first night there. He told me not to open the
door of the triple-locked flat (I use that term loosely) where
1 was staying until he came to fetch me in the morning. At
least two thugs tried to break in! If you want Ivan, go to the
Vstrecha B & B, run by a seemingly benign Georgia couple.
Tell them you'd like to meet Gorky in the park. With a small
tip, they'll set something up.


CHAPTERS: EUROPE

Prope AND Gucrure

I don't need to tell you that Europe is an incredibly
diverse place, with dozens of ethnic groups, languages and
religions represented in a relatively compact space. Here are
a few specifics that can keep you from stepping into the midst
of centuries-old trouble.

Subject: We Happy Few, We Band of Brothers
From: lotus19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

You might think that just because we're united in
this quest, all of us European hunters are like green
peas in a pod, one big happy family. Wrong. This is
way too large of a place with way too many different
kinds of people for that to happen. Oh, granted the
general train of thought is the enemy of my enemy is
my friend and all that, but that's too simplistic a
picture. It leaves out the ugly neofascists P''ve met,
whose targets range from the expected monsters to the
occasional poor gay man on the street. Take the messy
situation in the Balkans, where a Serb hunter didn't
direct her weapon too carefully and took out a de-
fenseless Muslim, a young girl, along with a zombie.

And I could tell you about the stance certain
Anglos take against immigrants like me, thinking we
should go back to where we came from and leave the
"Western" monsters to people who know more about
them. Now that's utter cock and shit if] ever heard it!

Aren't we supposed to be in this together? If there's"
anything that's going to give the zombies an edge, it's"
these petty animosities among ourselves. If we've never.
bothered to face the atrocities of racism before, let's"
please do it now, so we can get to the business athand.

Reticion

The dominant faith in Europe, of course, is Christianity.
Most Christians are Roman Catholic, but aside from them
you have the Orthodox Church (14 different ones, actually)
and quite a few Protestant denominations. Judaism is com-
mon, although many Jewish communities never recovered
from the Holocaust. Islam is chiefly practised in the south-
east. While uncommon, the other major world faiths, such as
Hinduism and Buddhism, can be found in Europe, brought by
immigrants. My own mother was Hindu, but my father
insisted | be raised a good Anglican. But mum made sure |
knew something of the Vedas even as I was reading the Bible,
so [ guess you could say my Eastern heritage strongly coloured
my Western faith.

Much of the turmoil in Europe, past and present, is the
result of (or is blamed on) religious differences. Ireland is one
example; the Balkans are another. But there are religious
prejudices that don't necessarily involve spilled blood. This
is particularly true when religion runs along ethnic lines.
Whenever Islamic terrorists strike, for example, things get
tense for Muslims throughout the continent. It's not fair, it's
ugly stereotyping, but it's a reality.


In this day and age, most of the faithful don't believe in
monsters, not really. For all that my vicar believes in the Holy
Trinity, angels and the power of faith, if I confessed to seeing
rots, ghosts and the like, I'm sure he'd pray for my addled
mind more than he would my endangered soul. Keep your
eyes open, though; there are some believers, and as any
veteran (I use that term loosely) hunter can tell you, there's
no such thing as too many allies.

I met a sister who worked at a mission in Amiens, after
an encounter with some deaders in Brussels that could only
be described as "Pyrthic." Cold, wet, hungry, no ID, no
money, scared — that pretty much summed it up. Still
looking over my shoulder, I found my way into a hostel/soup
kitchen run by some nuns. It was empty except for one, who
called herself Joan, after her patron saint. With no questions
asked, she fed me, wrapped me in blankets and gave me a cot
by the heater. Only after I'd recovered a bit did she ask me if
I was being followed; I guess I looked the part of a runawa
I was evasive, of course — best she blame an abusive boy-
friend — but she assured me that no one, "in this world or any
other can harm you in the Lord's house."

I did some cautious probing along that line, to see if she

one of us. | don't think so, but she all but said that evil

ks the world in many guises; that just as demons and imps

y walk the night, so angels in all their divine glory
intervene on our behalf. She suggested that several of her
order had been visited by angels and saints. It set me to
thinking. Wouldn't ecclesiastics produce more of us than
average? I know there are a couple of priests and such on this
list, but what if there was a whole order full of hunters? And
even if they are all "mere mortals," so what? In the days since
meeting the rakshasa, I've never felt safer than in that hostel.

Which brings me to the power of faith. Has anyone tried
waving a Star of David ot a cross or anything else at a
monster? Did it work? Did you believe it would work? Surely
the power of the mind has some place in all this, for us as well
as the creatures we hunt.

Away from the cities, folk traditions and superstitions
hold considerable sway. In rural areas, particularly among
pensioners, some supernatural traditions are still followed,
often unthinkingly. In little villages around Britain, I've seen
self-bored stones and horseshoes in barns for protection
against fairies, relics of ancient fertility rites such as maypoles
and mummer's dances, dozens of everyday superstitions ad-
hered to out of habit. And I have no doubt the same sort of
thing goes on in villages in Romania or Spain as well. Does
this sort of thing affect goblins, rots and the like?

lonce saw a charging nightstalker stopped in her tracks
by a priest with a crucifix, but have also read that some of us
can keep the enemy at bay with nothing but will alone. |
wonder if this particular creature was repulsed by the cross or
mightily amused by the attempt. There's a third option:
perhaps it was reverence rather than repulsion. After all,
some of these creatures retain something of their human
selves. Perhaps God still has some meaning for them. I know
many of you will laugh, but it bears some thought. Not to
seem critical, but although many of you war against walking
dead and ghosts nightly, you never consider the spiritual
aspects of what we do. (I hope you don't think me a hypocrite
because I didn't ask the creature herself. I took advantage of

the pause. She was responsible for several deaths, and |
daresay she won't kill again.)

Of course, this begs a few more deep questions. For
starters, what are we? Where did hunters come ftom? I've
thought about this quite a bit. This is a common enough
thread on the list, but I just wanted to throw out my view.
Many hunters I've met give only passing thought to the
question, dismissing it with, "We are, and that's all we need
to know." For me, that's not enough.

Drawing on Christian belief: are we modern saints? We
hear voices, we perform what can easily be described as
miracles. A number of you suggest we are given our power by
angels, so would that not make us saints? Or, looking at my
Mum's faith: are we avatars of gods, like Vishnu, who came
to Earth in many mortal forms? I know this sounds like the
ultimate narcissism, but who's to say the gods know they are
gods in all their Earthly manifestations?

For those of you who weren't on the list at the time, Seer6
had an interesting view — that we are reincarnations of great
heroes. Weare born to fight the evil creatures of the world, and
at the end of the battle (win or lose) we die and are reborn in
the future. He suggested this happened in regular cycles
(millennially, every 100 years, whatever) although someone
said it happened frequently but irregularly during times of
conflict, such as during the world wars. On the other hand,
Sixofswords29 said if that was the case, we'd have heard about
our kind, and so contends our last appearance must have been
long before, well, printing presses anyway.

Which leads to the next question: why now? The fact
that every hunter | know became so in the past several
months should certainly make us wonder. Is it because of the
approaching millennium? Tribulation? Is Armageddon fast
approaching, and we're here to welcome it?

And have the things we fight always been here, or do
they appear around the same time we do? Healerl 15 volun-
teered to do some research on crime reports to see if the
violence we associate with monsters suddenly escalated in
the past five or ten years, but hasn't posted any findings yet.

Several of these theories, particularly the ones suggest-
ing reincarnation, say we'll die out eventually. Perhaps our
purpose is to protect humanity from the monsters, like
antibodies against a plague. When the plague of evil crea-
tures springs up, we are "called forth" to combat them. When
the creatures are destroyed, we disappear with them, or live
out the rest of our lives and pass on, to wait for the next
plague. Are we not then, in a way, perhaps a bit monstrous
and otherworldly ourselves? It's just that we're on the side of
humanity, the good guys as it were.

Some of you are obviously scientists and rational thinkers,
and I commend that. But you shouldn't be so quick to reject any
sort of spiritual explanation. You keep looking at the things we
face through the lens of your old reality, when it should be
obvious they work under different laws. What we're capable of
is outside the scope of science. Why cling to that structure while
trying desperately to understand the monster's place in it? You
want zombies to be victims of a disease rather than accept they
are animated corpses, or that rots are simply the victims of a
blood borne pathogen. Open yourselves to a little spirituality,
people! It's just not as simple as science and reason.


Guar Session on vue Big Pievure

<Lotus19>You guys there?

<Healer115>Hey Lotus, I'm on here.

<Descent88>Me too.

<Lotus19>Thanks for coming. Did you think about

| my question?

<Descent88>Yes, and I think you're a bit wacko.
It's fate, it's a duty and that's all there is to it. You're
teading too much into all this. Leave all the religious
malarky to the church.

<Healer115>And yet one must admit that these
creatures have some sort of will. Granted, this is a desire
to destroy; they cannot see past their own needs to a
larger world.

<Lotusi9>Are you saying it's free will?

<Healerl15>Yes, in a way, but their desire over-
whelms them; their need to destroy, feed or control
defeats any of their fragile connections to unity with
humankind.

<Descent88>For God's sake, you're talking about
these damned things_ walking around, sucking
blood, leaving bx strewn from here to Tipperary!
What the hell is al unity bullshit?

<Healerl15>S nhauer for starters. Teilhard
de Chardin, per oe

<Descent88>All [know is that when I have them
in my sights, I pull igger. If you get too maudlin,
you're in trouble.

<Lotus19SI've seen _you_ pretty emotional, De-
scent. (smile) :

| <Healert15>1 did not say I refused to "pull a trig-
ger," merely that one Must aoe the enemy to
defeat it.

<Descent88>What i dedeieel is that it's us or
them. Listen, I'm not all big on war or destruction; hell,
I've seen it firsthand in my own backyard, haven't I? But
philosophy doesn't have much ofa place in this business.

<Lotus19>I disagree. We need to think through
how we got here, where we came from, all that.

<Healer1 15>Pethaps you both have a point. There
has to be a balance between thought and action. Other-
wise the precision of what we do is lost. In this work of
ours, | think you will both agree that there are certain
tules and procedures that must be followed, else we all
pay a price.

<Descent88>Well, following rules isn't something
the monsters really do, is it?

<Healerl 15>Actually, I think they have some im-
mutable laws of their own. A key to defeating them,
perhaps, is understanding those rules.

<Descent88>Okay, you've got a point there. Some
of the weirder beasties I've seen definitely have certain
ways of doing things:

<Lotus19>Like what?

EURO

<Descent88>I think there's some connection be-
tween goblins and the pagan element. Andall these fool
Irish wannabes around the world aren't helping any.

<Healerl15>Pagan?

<Lotus19>Der Heide.

<Healerl 15>It is strange. Here we see that influ-
ence in music and sometimes art, but less perhaps than
Descent does. It is more inside the individual rather
than the culture as a whole. But tell me, how is it we
know where to go and what to do? Is itancient memory?

<Lotus19>Well, I usually have these dreams. And I
find myself catching a train or taking a walk, and there's
usually something to do at the end of the journey.

<Descent88>Not me. It's always a tingle, a slow
burn. My blood boils, and I know it's time to get down
to business.

<Healerl15>I find myself without any feelings
when there is a need to work. It's like cold water
washing over my body. But the message is clear, and
sometimes I heara whisper in my mind, advising me to

<Descent88>Strange indeed, old son.

Bees 4 someone's calling on my other
blower. Got to sign off now.

<Healerl 15>! time next week, then.

Fourways

Even though I've only been collecting these stories for
a month or so, I've found that hunters are often more than
willing to share what they know. Some of these accounts

me with their illogic. Others challenge me to further
study. Anyway, the people who told them certainly believe
in their authenticity. [ have reserved the original senders'
names in almost all cases for their own protection. Contact
me through the list if you wish to follow up.

Forgive the clarity of some of the writers; if it's not
written by someone fluent in English or German, which I can
translate, the words may be a little muddled. Just because we
live in Europe doesn't mean we're a bunch of polyglots. A lot
of these folks have worked hard to learn English since it's the
language most people speak on the list; don't berate them for
their efforts.

Subject: Kindermoderinn (Translated from German)
From: lotus19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

In many places and times, there have been creatures
called Kindermoderinn, or Radiant Children. Now I have
seen them here in Germany with my own eyes. They are
small, no more thana metre or so tall, and they shine with an
intense light, greenish gold. Some look like young boys or
girls; others are like miniature adults. Most wear clothing of
some type or another, from modern day jeans and shirts to
old-fashioned long gowns and coats. I have marked several
places with a sign to let others of us know of these creatures.
While seemingly harmless, they are no doubt menacing


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

tricksters in their own way. I have dispatched two already.
Unfortunately, three others escaped. Many of the Rhine
castles, some of which are privately owned, seem to be
favourite haunts for these zombies. If anyone is interested, we
can arrange a strike, preferably after dark when the
Kindermoderinn are easier to spot.
Subject: Hitchhikers (sent in English)
From: lotus!9
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The Germans have a word for these things; they call
them Gengiingers, hitchhiker zombies. Their pattern of
behaviour is terribly perverse. Always they station them-
selves along mountain roads or on the grande-route, | think
it is what you call the motorway. Anyway, the zombies jump
out in front of the auto, always at a bad time, like when
another vehicle is coming or there is a curve nearby. What
happens is that the poor driver swerves to miss the zombie
and then hits another auto or drives off a cliff. These
hitchhiker zombies are hard to find; most appear in the night,
a few during dawn and dusk. It is perhaps some game to them,
what they do, but many humans ha

lost their lives.
Goblin Note (Translated from German)

Subject:
From: lotus!9
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

Potter,

Hope all's well with you. I know you said you were
interested in cases of children affected by the supernatural,
and I stumbled onto this lucky find while following a lead at
a Berlin hospital. Odd how more and more things like this
seem to find their way to me. Anyway, this kid had left it on
a note|

ad in the waiting room. | tried to keep true to her
words, except for some of the weirder syntax, but a bit got lost
in translation. Itended abruptly, too. Let me know what you
think; the school may still have the drawing.

Mommy and daddy are talking with the stern man now, not
paying any attention to me. They think I'm drawing pictures while
T wait. | like to draw, but | also like to tell stories, like the Funny
Man who comes to see me sometimes. No one can see him butme
He's my secret. Except mommy caught me talking to him one
time, and now she thinks I've been really naughty by saying he's
real. I drew a picture of him at school, and everyone told me how
neat it looked. I didn't draw his cheeks quite right, and all the
gadgets he carvies in his bag, but then Ilsa told me he reminded her
of Saint Nicholas, and | liked that. Teacher hung the drawing up
on the board with some others, so it must have been good. I hope
the Funny Man comes to see me if I have to stay here. Maybe he'll
go to school and look for me there, so Ilsa ca
Subject: Moon Demons (sent in English)

From: lotus19 |
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Ineverhave forgotten that night when I was fishing with
my father near the coast. Crete is not a big island, but it has
many small inlets that offer privacy and quiet. Such a place
is where we were. Sometimes the fishing is best in the dark,
you know. The howls we heard first. Then we saw the lights,
green, gold and red. For what reason, God only knows, but we
ctepta litele closer, enough tosée them ona far hill,dancing |
around a huge fire. They were the Moon Demons, perhaps a


forgotten part of the old Cretan legend about women who
spin threads by the light of the moon. But these were terrible
creatures, like wild beasts, with tangled hair flying as they
danced in circles and screeched like harpies. My father and
I rowed for dear life, praying they had not seen us. I have
carried that memory now for 20 years. I am eager to go back
and see if the Moon Demons still exist and ask anyone who
is willing to come along.
Subject: Death Camps (sent in English)
From: lotus19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Tt was much wor
possibly be. [ had to |

ones. [ do not under:

e than any film or any story could
ve quickly. So many sorrowful dead

and how I am supposed to destroy those
that have already been murdered. | am not trying to turn my
back on our mission, but to kill ones such as those in this
place, I simply cannot do.
Subject: Dead in the Water (sent in English)
From: lotus19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Lotus, I don't know if you've seen these things, these
ghosts in canals and along dikes, here in Amsterdam and a
few other cities in the Netherlands. Are they tempting
people to jump in and save them? Stories of missing persons
are more frequent lately, and | wonder if there isa connection
with any of the drownings the police have been reporting.
Subject: Inhumans (translated from German)
From: lotus19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Has anyone actually seen one of the sorcerers Book-
worm55 wrote about? The reason I ask is that | came across
something odd in Freiburg, a young man who was stealing
books on the occult from the university's special collections
library. It was just blind luck that I stumbled into him while
Iwas doing my own research, and despite a stern warning
from me to hand over the materials, he fled the scene.
Naturally, I chased him, but the man simply disappeared. I
have no other explanation if he wasn'ta sorcerer or the slave
of one.
Subject: Tunguska (sent in English)
From: lotus19
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

Iam wondering what you think Tunguska blast was? I
have theory I would like to share. Maybe in year 1908, this
isin Siberia, there was this blast from some other part of space
or different universe. [t was great force which turned ordi-
nary men and women into vampires, zombies and beastmen,
many in Russia but also all around world. Then these crea-
tures all breed together and populate planet with their same
kind. Maybe some live for long time, too, so that we fight
ones who were born almost 100 years ago. Why we notice just
now, I do not know. Maybe we also get powers from same
force. What you all think?
Tecunotocy AND THE MzDIR

Seems like everyone has a web page and e-mail these
days, especially at universities. Even in some of the poorer
and more rural countries of Europe, you can find computers
and the Internet available through educational institutions,

CHAPTERS: EUROPE

THE RESURRECTION HAS COME!

It'sthe beginning of the end, declare the parishioners of
St. Edward'sChurch in Avebury. During theservice, Elisabeth
Huntley, 46, looked up and her sister was sitting beside her.
This was particularly disturbing, since her sister had been
buried in that churchyard that year! The sermon, read by the
Rev. Richard Colquit, COE, was interrupted when Huntley
screamed and fainted. Concern became shock when he saw,
first thesister, and then six more deceased parishionersin the
pews. "Just sitting, sitting," Colquit said, shaking his head.
"Quietly listening. They looked a little pale, a little ragged,
but dressed quite proper." When other church members
began noticing their late cousins and husbands and
neighbours, all was chaos.

Amid the tumult, the seven "late" arrivals quietly got
to their feet and walked out. The last one, who one
pensioner named as being a pillar of the congregation in
the mid-50s, turned and spoke to the congregation ina low,
solemn growl — as if he hadn't spoken in half a century.
According to witnesses, he said, "We'll be back for you."
Then he simply walked out. When the bravest among the
crowd ran to the door, not a soul — or body — was to be
seen. Nor were any of the graves disturbed in any way.

What could it mean? Matthew Ambleside, 68, a
pensioner from Kent and witness to the supernatural
event, had no doubt about its meaning. "The general
resurrection has begun!" he exclaimed. "The dead live
again! The new kingdom is upon us!" Others were not so
quick to speak their thoughts, but it was obvious all were
in a prayerful mood. Rev. Colquit said many of the
parishioners stayed for hours, praying and debating the
significance of the miracle.

"As for myself," he declared in an exclusive inter-
view, "Ibelieve that whether or not thisis the resurrection
—and I'm not disputing the possibility — the power must
come from Glastonbury." Others agreed, including a
Oscar Conrad, 62, who added, "Joseph of Arimathea
brought a jar of Christ's blood to Glastonbury. With the
power of the blood of the Lamb in these hills, small
wonder the Rapture would begin here."

Thus far, the Church has not seen fit to investigate
the matter. "They're afraid of the Rapture, they are,"
muttered Ambleside, referring to the bishops. "All cushy
with tithes they are. They've got some dirty washing they
don't want aired, don't they?"

Bishop Lindsey's secretary has declined to return
our calls.

from primary schools to colleges and universities. So there's
often a way you can keep in touch with me and others on this
list. But let's talk briefly about old fashioned media, the telly,
radio and newspaper, for those times when you can't log on.

Television is probably less important than the newspa-
pers, except to the most gullible — what we call the admass.
Most countries don't have lots of channels; for example, we
have five at home in Britain, including "Auntie," the Beeb,
also known as the BBC. You have to have a special permit to


NYER SURVIVAL GUIDE

even own a TV and get access to the channels. If you don't
get the permit and have a TV anyway, the penalties are
enormous. American repeats are quite popular, and in gen-
eral, television is just not as vital a source of information as
I believe it must be in the United States (judging from people
on this list and the shows I've seen like Dallas, where Yanks
have televisions in every room). Watching TV is a time
waster, considering you can read a newspaper on the train or
bus on your way to another mission.

Yes, newspapers and periodicals are much more impor-
tant. British favouritesinclude the Times, more or less pro-ruling
party; the Daily Telegraph, highly conservative; and The Sun for
your average citizen. I will admit that sometimes the line
between a serious publication and a tabloid periodical is thin.
Even some of the best periodicals have their page-three girls
and other assorted nonsense. Something useful to note is the
idea of balaam: ess filler material for news periodicals. If
you have acontactat the newspaper, youcan sometimes tempt
them to stick a message into their balaam box. There's no
guarantee it will appear, but it's quite a handy way to send a
warning or set up a meeting. I mean, no one really reads the
filler stuff, except perhaps your allies!

Do the monsters control the media? If they don't now, |
imagine they will eventually. And this is a serious matter
indeed. If a zombie were to have access to proposed newsps
per articles, they might be able to piece together reports
about hunter incidents and discover our identities. Someone
needs to investigate just how safe the periodicals are. I have
an odd feeling they're not as safe as we think, all my notes

about balaam aside.
A)
est PF

at tes!
We +)
Where deve

\
pe SSP peu.
DEAR SCRATCH: God. save ME

Tam a long-time reader from Serbia. I have noticed
that youhave never printed a letter from Yugoslavia, but
never thought | would end up rectifying the situation
with a story from my own sex life!

A few weeks ago, I was in need of feminine atten-
tion so I went to the dance hall after work. There are
plenty of new girls there all the time coming in from
Albania or Macedonia or Bosnia. Despite the fact that
they're not really Slavs, some are quite clean, and all are
sexy if you're drunk!

Anyway, one of the girls in particular seemed espe-
cially willing, so | bought her some grappa. Her name
was Elena and she had great breasts — I'm a "tit man,"
you would call it — but her sexiest feature was her eyes,
which were big and golden. You know, like a tiger or
something. I'm not one for small talk and neither was
she, so I took her back to my flat.

Let me tell you, Scratch readers, she went all night!
Screaming and yowling like some kind of wild animal,
digging her fingernails into my back!

Twas so sore the next day I went to the clinic. The
doctor said I had lost a pint of blood.

TnroRWANTS AMD SywPAYHISERS

Unlike some of my more dangerous acquaintances, |
believe you'll find most of the persons listed here to be
approachable and easy to get along with. Mind you, don't
waste their time, but you like as not won't have to worry
about leaving with your head still attached if you show up
announced.

Reginald Clark

Just because Europe is a union now doesn't mean we're
all one big happy! That's why we still have embassies. Clark
worksat the British embassy in the Hague. Nothing glamour-
ous, mostly legwork for the ambassador's aides. But he can get
things done — useful things like stamping documents and
arranging connections between countries.

He's not one of us, but he's on our side. An imbued
pulled him out of a tight spot (I don't know who, but I don't
think they ever got on this list). Since then, Clark's been very
cooperative with me and a couple others in our line of work,
arranging travel, facilitating the shipment of unusual "medi-
cal supplies" and helping us keep in contact. He doesn'treally
understand it all. He just knows there are things out there,
things like whatever attacked him not long ago. The only
favour he asks is that we observe the law. Don't ask him to
condone firearms or explosives smuggling. He's willing to
help, but compromising his position helps none of us (least
of all Clark himself).

Dr. Ludmila Kosskova

I came across her on my last trip to Bucharest. Dr.
Kosskova runs a backstreet clinic. From what I understand,
her family's political connections gained her some of the best
surgical training available in the USSR, but the fall of
communism took her fortunes with it. She ended up in
Romania using her skills as best she could. Now her clients
include criminals, locals, and some hunters from what |
understand. The best thing about the good doctor is her
discretion; Ludmila hasa reputation forbeing very tightlipped,
and she knows who to bribe to keep the heat off. She can take
out bullets, stitch up knife or claw wounds, and never asks
uncomfortable questions

But don't expect charity work. Her services are expen-
sive. She works for pay and will take gold or easily tradable
items of value. She'll also accept medical supplies like
drugs, needles and so on. I think she runs some black market
trade with relatives in Russia. She does genuinely seem to
care about helping people; she's just a pragmatist. I honestly
don't know if she knows about hunters or monsters, since
the topic never came up (I meant it when I said she never
asks questions.)

Father Gyorgi

Remember my ill-fated trip to Italy? When I was finished
there, I managed to get a boat to Greece. I met Father Gyorgi
on Crete. What possessed me, I don't know, but I spilled a lot
of my story to him over one long night. (The uzo might have
helped). No one was more shocked than I when the priest
listened and tried his best to offer me counsel. He did not
confirm or deny the existence of monsters, at least not to me.
But he did tell me that there are things on this Earth that
cannot be explained by the likes of we mortals. As such, he
said he felt obligated to give me spiritual advice, as it were.


Father Gyorgi has no connections with the government,
no guns and no forged passports. All he can offer in the way
of safety is an old cot, some fresh fish and a loaf of bread. But
if youneed to bend an ear, he'sa good man, nightorday. Look
for him at the church of St. Mark, just outside of Knossos.

Tue Urea Wort

Seeing how Europe is a fairly crowded place, largely
given over to cities, | thought I'd better give some words of
advice on what cities I've visited and some things to look out
for. In general, big cities are an excellent place to hide and lay
low. No one is going to notice one more odd-looking tourist
outside the Louvre! On the other hand, cities seem to have
higher concentrations of zombies. Let's take London, for
example. I don't know why, but parts of the city draw
monsters like flies to honey. The Waterfront is ideal for
bloodsuckers; it's run down and tourists go there. What
better place for night beasts to find prey? (And for us to find
preyaswell). The East End is rough territory, and then you've
gotall the weirdoes down on Oxford Street and in Soho. An
interesting note for all you religious types out there is th
churches are open late.

Moving on to the Continent, note that many cities,
such as Paris, have excellent water transport routes along
major rivers. Don't underestimate the value of a boat for
getting away from monsters or the police. A few places, like
my current home in Amsterdam, are relatively lawless cities
where people don't give a damn what you're doing. As far as
old cities like Rome, don't fall into the trap of thinking that
those ancient ruins will give you a hiding place. They're not
roped off, that's true, but they're also crawling with monsters.
You may think you're safe only to find a hoard of creatures
ready to pounce.

I just want to toss in a word about Brussels here.
Admittedly I've only been there once, and a quick journey
at that. But with the NATO and EU headquarters housed
there, I think the city should be placed on some kind of red
list. Ifthe monsters are involved in politics as I suspect, they
may make this a target. | did see a few zombies there, and [
imagine we'll be finding more. I suggest some sort of
reconnaissance team needs to make a report on Brussels,
sooner than later. Any takers?

Puss, Cares anD Bece Hats

Like so many things in our business, the warm,
friendly pub, café or beer hall (depending on where you
find yourself in Europe) is a double-edged sword. On a
busy night, there's no better place to hide among locals,
get a cheap bite or meet a contact. Amidst the noise,
smoke and booze, you likely won't be overheard when
you make a deal for that nice new Armalite. On the
other hand, you aren't a local, and if the place is having
aquiet night or the regulars are looking to put their nose
insomeone else's business, you're going to stand out. Use
these places as you will; just be aware that they can be
both an asset and a risk.

CHAPTERS: EUROPE

Satery Nes

Since I'm chatting up the dangers and blessings of big
cities, I'd better mention a few of my favourite small towns
and some specialised cities that I consider safe. Granted, this
information may change quickly, so keep an eye open.

Stornoway

If you are looking for a place far from walking dead and
malicious monsters, you can't get much farther than the
Outer Hebrides. Located on the Isle of Lewis, the population
of Stornoway is maybe 6,000 — not big enough to attract the
more gregarious things, but with enough population and
tourist action for a hunter to lay low without attracting too
much notice. Crime is light and people are generally friendly
The town is accessible by two ferries a day. The surrounding
countryside is gorgeous in a desolate way, mostly peat bogs
and rocky hills (a Norse raider burned away the forests
centuries ago). With the open country and lots of sheep, it
seems like fine shapechanger habitat, but I have yet to meet
any such creature that I know of.

Heidelberg

I went to university here for a few years, so | know
Heidelberg well. It's a lovely old town, where students still
have duels of honour with sabres in hand. So if you do get in
a fight, sans guns, you just might be able to talk your way out
of an arrest if you say you were fighting a duel. Near the
campus are dozens of shops, pensions (that's what we call
B&Bs in Britain) and quite handy places to hide. There is an
old castle at the highest point in the city, but it doesn't seem
to harbour any ghosts. Actually, what I have noticed in my
brief sojourn back to Heidelberg are some disturbing signs of
goblin activity. More reports on that will be forthcoming.

Monaco

Monaco is a haven for gamblers and the socially elite.
Simply put, you need money, lots of it, to go there. But if
you've got plenty of quid in your pocket, you can pretty much
have anything you want. And yes, | do mean anything! For
any of you seaworthy hunters, hundreds of yachts dot the
harbour. While stealing some shipping magnate's boat on a
whim probably isn't a good idea, you might bribe the master's
servants to get you to safety while the boss is spending time
ashore. Be warned, though: if you appear a thug, the police
will treat you like one.

Geneva

I'm not sure if any other city in Europe is as clean and
tidy as Geneva. It's a marvel of city planning and plays host
to the UN headquarters. There are no bums on the polished
streets and you'll find people quite congenial. The whole city
sits ina valley surrounded by mountains, giving the impre:
sion that nature has sheltered it from danger. In fact, Geneva
is almost too perfect. Similar to Monaco, I'd advise against
showing up there covered in blood. But if you're looking for
a warm meal and a place to catch up on sleep, | give it my
highest recommendation. And at least on my last visit, there
were no signs of monsters. Any ideas why that might be?

Dancer Zones
Since I've pointed outa few safe places, I should also give
you some warnings about areas I know to be dangerous as sin.


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Venice
Someone on the list once called Venice "the Italian
Oubliette," and with good reason. Once you're off the train
and ontoa boat, you're stuck; no cabs, no getaway cars. It's far
away from most other cities, so even if you get away, you've
got a while before you reach another safe zone. And it's too
easy to get lost in the tangle of canals. I've read about a couple
of us that ended up buried in the marshes. As to what haunts
this place, I've heard there are ghosts galore, some deaders
and maybe some rots. It's a target-rich environment, but
unless you're tired of life, don't go hunting here.
Vienna
Here's another place to have a care about. It's a
beautiful city, but you can feel the creepy aura of the old
town when you cross the city limits. | went there last
year and saw a couple of rots, though | don't think they
saw me. Other hunters have told me Vienna is abso-
lutely crawling with monsters. Descent88 says he was
staked out near the cathedral at sunset, watching for a
particular vampire he'd been tracking. He looked up at
gargoyles and grotesques carved along the bell towers
and caught a movement. Investigating with binocu-
lars, he claimed to see one statue moving. He described
it as large and humanoid, with huge wings, but it
looked like rough-carved stone. Several others joined
it, and they flew off into the night.
Summer Isles
While Stornoway may be a lovely place to hide,
there's another group of islands off the west coast of
Scotland I should warn you against. The Summer
Isles seem to be a haven for pagans and perhaps even
epic beasts. | was on a private ferry when a storm
forced us to beach there overnight. [ had chicken skin
from the moment I stepped ashore. The ferryman told
me to stay in the inn and not venture out, no matter
what | heard or saw from my window. Naturally, [did no
such thing. The moon was full when I climbed down the
ivy and crept along the path I'd spotted behind the inn.
There, ina grove of trees — I think they may have been
rowans — I saw about a dozen locals, naked, dancing in
some sort of vile celebration. Needless to say, | was quite
outnumbered, so I didn't act that night. Next morning, I
crept back to the inn at dawn, only to find the ferryman ready
to set sail then and there. These islands are highly placed on
my list of things to investigate.
Schwarzwald
The beauty of the fir and spruce woodlands known <
Schwarzwald, or Black Forest, is known worldwide. But thes
gorgeous German woodlands harbour many beasts, if our
fellows there are to be believed (and the scars I've seen are all
the proof I need). Some have described "spiritual presences"
among the trees, incorporeal yet oppressive. I've also heard
accounts of massive wolves — nothing natural.


Cosmos ano Kinsuir awong vis Kupps

Anne Cummings, Ph.D.

Most curious is the belief that the devil himself is
imprisoned in a tomb somewhere in the basin that was
once the Aral Sea. This belief is especially common
among the pastoral groups who have been forced to
take refuge on the margins of the basin, well within the
territory exposed by the water's retreat.

According to Fatma [see kinship tables], the devil's
resting place is deep in the salt flats, no less than two
days' jeep ride from the refugee encampment. "He has
always been there," she told me. "And now that the lake
is dead, he is watching us with one eye open. When the
other eye opens, he will eat us."

As previously noted, the refugees do not conform
to Islamic orthodoxy, but seem to have a more Yezdiac

er, unlike the Yezidees, these people refer
ntological evil as "Minos, who is the

lo amount of questioning would

ants to say anything more con-

the name seems to indicate a

last conversation with Fatma,
ops sent across the border

ates From rHe Fist

I have just a few more titbits to mention here, some
things I'm still interested in keeping tabs about. If anyone
wants to assist, let me know and we can arrange a meeting.
Likewise, I'll send in updates reports as events warrant.
Gros Wats

If you've been to any major British city, you'
these quaint little tourist stops, the infamous ghost w
London must have tenscore, counting all the ones down in
Whitechapel. A lot of semi-skilled actors take on these jobs,
leading around batches of foreigners, telling ghost stories,
scaring little kids and sometimes their parents too. Of course,
notall the stories are false. In York, the tour goes past a home
where a young girl jumped to her death. Perhaps it was trick

but I swear I saw her standing just outside the

CHAPTERS: EUROPE

window where she died. It may be that we can find some allies
among those who lead the ghost walks; they might have some
insights that could be useful.
Ceiuipus

Descent88 may a bit extreme, but his concerns about
Ireland are no joke. Not unlike the Summer Isles, it seems to
be home to a number of goblins and epic beasts. And for
whatever reason, musical revels seem to draw out the super-
natural. Perhaps free-flowing drinks bring images of legendary
creatures to suggestible minds, but Descent and others are
insistent. Maybe music and dance resemble an old form of
pagan worship? Maybe the frenzied activity throws off a
psychic energy that attracts these things. Or perhaps it's
curiosity on the creatures' part.
Dreaws oF Srone

I've had a number of dreams and brief flashes of some
odd monoliths. I'm not sure where they are, but I do get an
impression of light rising behind them, perhaps at dawn.
They look nothing like the standing stones or caerns of
the British Isles or Brittany. There are always three mono-
liths with many sharp points; they look like they may have
been carved, yet the colours of the stones are strange,
some kind of blue, and green moss with red streaks. Has
anyone seen thes
TAUISMAKS

A late acquaintance of mine was following some lead
on some sort of magical device that could supposedly raise
the dead. Some sources mentioned a cauldron, others a
chalice ot grail. Mind you, this doesn't seem to be a strictly
European phenomenon — devices that can raise the dead,
that is — but there are an inordinate number of related
legends through the Continent. The chalice and grail thing
does seem unique to our Celtic and Teutonic mythologies.

My acquaintance was absolutely convinced this de.
vice was responsible for all the zombies we've seen. Besides
cataloguing legends and rumours about resurrection ob-
jects, he followed reports of walking dead sightings in
hopes of finding a pattern, or maybe even who was respon-
sible for their creation. I suppose that someone was tipped
off, because he never returned. | tried to pick up the trail,
but no joy. What do you all think? Is there such an item,
and if so who wields it? If it exists, tell me. | want to avenge
my friend

|
,
|

|
|
|
!


Stop a Homepage History Printing

Subject: | North America

To: | hunter. list@hunter-net.org

From: | traveler72

Meee MeSehyes

Copied To:

GENERAL INFO

Well, since you foreigners seem to think it's so important, and since no one else is really stepping forward
to do it, I guess I can. Just so you know, I'm not some punk ass with a big mouth. I'll let you know why I think
Ican talk about all of North America. I'ma salesman — I guess it doesn't really matter what I sell, you don't care,
and if this list isn't safe I shouldn't put up any clues anyhow. But I move around a lot, selling my thing to factories
all over the US, Canada and Mexico too.

Mostly, I guess I want to clear up some misperceptions about North America, so that any visitors from other
countries don't get the wrong idea and get into even worse trouble than we're all in already. Since I'm from the
US, I guess I'll start with that

The government in the US is a democracy, so we can all vote, though nota lot of us do. The problem is that
most people vote based on commercials, so the politician with the best commercials, and the most of them,
usually wins. That takes money, so most politicians are trying to raise money all the time. The best way to do this
isby doing favors for big corporations. So while the corporations can't vote, they still have a lot of power. I don't
know how often you'll need to know that, but those of you in non-democracies should know that corruption
happens here. (Generally, I'd say the corruption is worse in Mexico, better in the U.S. Some places in the States
are really bad though — Washington DC and especially New Orleans have dirty cops all over the place.)

INS — that's Immigration and Naturalization Service — is pretty busy, and they try to be thorough. If you
want to live or work in the US, you need a visa or a green card. They're easier to get if you're educated and white,
or if you're from Europe. If you're a foreign national and you're caught without a visa, green card or passport, you
can be locked up and deported. However, you're unlikely to get asked for a green card if you're white. If you're
Hispanic, you better have this taken care of. Chinese people used to be able to get political amnesty pretty easy,
but they've really tightened it up since that "Long Sen" thing in 1993.

From what I've seen, the INS isn't too heavy with them, but the border patrol around Mexico has a lot of
the daytimers — the ones who've been pumped up with blood and are all strong and tough. I guess they are

watching something in Mexico and sure don't want it sneaking into the States. What they're watching for |
couldn't sa

>>>more


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

<<<continued

Tue Uniren Srares
LAW ENFORCEMENT

Law Enforcement is pretty state of the art in most
American cities. The cops have got fingerprintkitsand DNA
tests that can k you down from a single hair or drop of
blood — if they have your DNA on file. They got computers
in their cars, so if they see your license plate they know who
you are and what your record is. They have guns and SWAT
teams too, and if you kill a cop they will hunt you like a wild
animal. If they even think you killed acop, they will frame you
for something. This happens — maybe not in your neighbor-
hood, Potter116, but it happens in mine, and if you can't
afford Johnny Cochrane, you're shit out of luck.

If you're dealing with a uniformed cop, be respectful. I
haven't met a cop yet — black, white or bright fucking green
— willing to tolerate a smartass. If you give them any reason
at all to be pissed, they will haul you in. If you're black or
Mexican, sometimes that's a reason. Anyhow, the only thing
I find that works is: keep your head down, say "yes sir" and "no
sir" and do exactly what they tell you to do, how they tell you
to do it. Don't move fast and always keep your hands where
they can see them.

Cops in the US have to read you your rights. If they don't
say "You have the right to remain silent, you have the right
to an attorney" and the rest of it — then the arrest doesn't

— ~

count. It's like the magic words they have to say before they
arrest you. If you can prove they didn't read you your rights,
you got a good chance of getting out of the slam. Of course,
cops also hate that shit, so they'll watch you like a hawk, but
you won't be in jail.

One guy I know in DC who isn't on the list says there are
a lot of "blood buddies" on the force there. I don't have that
better sight that lets you pick out the hiding ones like flickers,
so I'm just taking his word. He says it's not most of them —
maybe only one or two percent of the beat cops. But he said
he hasn't gone intoa DC precinct yet that didn't have at least
one—and it only takes one bad cop to make your life a world
of shit.

Local cops are bad enough, but if you travel toa different
state after doing a crime, you might get the FBI chasing you.
The FBI also gets in on it if you kidnap someone, and they're
in charge of serial killers (which is probably what they'll
think we are). [haven't seen an FB] agent myself, that | know
of, but I knew a guy whose cousin got arrested by them. He
said they tapped the cousin's phones and put an undercover
agent on him and followed him around for a month, all to
catch him stealing maybe a couple of computers from the
shipping company he worked at. These people do not give up.
They have lots of time, lots of money, and unlike most of us,
they're getting paid for it. So don't let yourself be seen, don't
leave any physical evidence at the site, wipe everything you
touch, and pray.


There's also the ATF and the DEA — that's "Alco-
hol, Tobacco and Firearms" and "Drug Enforcement
Agency." If you're coming up from South America, the
DEA might give you some beef, but as long as you don't
actually have drugs they'll probably let you go. If you do
have drugs, they will fuck you up, period. The stories I
know from people getting arrested all say the DEA are
the meanest sons of bitches they've met. They're jumpy,
they like big guns, and they aren't shy about drawing
down. But if it's not drugs, they don't care. You can be
tipping off old ladies, raping kiddies or stealing cars —
no problem. But if they find a reefer seed in your car,
they'll wreck your world.

The ATF are like the DEA, only they're after illegal
guns instead of illegal drugs. They are a problem, since if
you don't have one of those glowing swords or death fog
powers, you're probably packing — and if you're using a
gat, you're leaving ballistic evidence. Any law enforce-
ment agency can match up a bullet with the gun that
fired it. Shotguns are safer, but only as long as you don't
leave the spent cartridges at the scene: those can be
traced too. Just so you know, it's illegal to own any
shotgun where the barrel has been shortened. Fully
automatic weapons are illegal in the States too, unless
you get a special license for them. But to get that license,
you need to have your fingerprints on file, and your
picture, and you have to agree to let the Feds search your
house any time they feel like it, without probable cause
or a warrant.

CHAPTER 6: NORTH AMERICA

Travet

Travel in the U.S. is damn simple if you're driving. You
get in the carand you go there. No checkpoints, no question-
naires, no passport needed. No car? You can take the bus ot
train without having your bags searched. Okay, the trains
don't go everywhere and the busses are pretty slow, but you're
still free to move around. If you're flying, | wouldn't try to
take a gun anywhere. Even if it's in stowed luggage, the
airline authorities will notice things and ask questions, and
who needs that kind of bullshit?

Reticion

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: Churches in North America

This is for Tarjiman220. Yes, if you travel to America
you can find a mosque, though I don't know if it will be Sunni
or not. I'm Church of Christ, myself.

You don't have to worry about your religion getting you
in trouble much here. If someone's going to kick your ass,
they're going to call you a sand nigger while they do it. It'll
be a race thing, not a religion thing. They say the U.S. was
founded on freedom of religion, and to most people that
means they don't have to think about it. Lots of Americans
go to a church to get baptized, married and shoved in the
ground. Others go every Sunday and don't think much about
it for the rest of the week — that's probably the majority. But
there's a few with real faith who are doing it every day.

Ganc MEMBERS Carry SILVER BU&LETS

by Stephen Zien

Special to the Tribune

Members of the South Side's notorious "Stone Crips"
gang have started carrying silver bullets. The source of this
latest gang affectation is unclear, but the symbolism is not.

"You carry the shot for the man with the beast in his
heart," said one Stone Crip, speaking anonymously. "The
evil that walks in the shape of a man, but a wolf with a
badge [is] still a wolf." Other Stone Crips agree, stating
that the silver bullets — also known as "Lone Rangers" or
simply "the shot" — are lucky.

Lt. John Schaeffer as been on the South Side.Gang
Task Force for two years, and isn't worried about the
claims or the ammunition.

"This werewolf business is just more inflammatory
thetoric. As for the bullets themselves, they're only a
status symbol — like an expensive car or flashy jewelry.
They're a macho, ugly way to show off wealth."

Yaphett Short, a South Side resident, insists that the
special shells "aren't a gang thing."

"J ain't in a gang. I don't have gang tattoos or throw
signs but I got a silver shot," he stated, showing me the
single silver shell loaded into the magazine of his Ruger
semi-automatic. "It's the put-down bullet, second from the
top of the clip. If you don't put them down with the first two
shots, then you need it." When asked why he didn't load his

said, "Silver's
doit, you ain't

gun with all silver bullets, Short smil
expensive. And if the put- -down: shot
gonna shoot no more anywa'

Regardless of the symbolism, silver shots are becom-
ing a small but lucrative business on the South Side.
Henry Mullins, a local gunsmith, said the first request
surprised him, but he now sells up to a dozen boxes of
silver bullets a month.

"Silver tipped hollow points have been on the market
for a while," he notes. "It's a soft metal, so it mushrooms
up good on impact. I never sold them though, until one
guy came in and asked specifically for silver bullets.
Weird thing is, when I mentioned that I could order them
ready made, he sounded surprised. He was ready to give
me a silver necklace to melt down."

While Lt. Schaeffer isn't too worried about silver
bullets, he has voiced concerns about gang interest in
unconventional ammunition.

"Last week we arrested a woman who had a case of
25mm phosphorous ammunition in the trunk of her car,"
he said. "I don't care about silver bullets, but when I see
that kind of nasty firepower, I worry about what could

(Continued on page 30A)


ER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Oh, and I just thought of something. Don't get confused
between your kind of Islam and the Nation of Islam, because
the two are very different. The Nation of Islam is a bunch of
black Americans who think that white people are evil
genetic mutants — no lie. It's as much a political thing as a
religious thing. I've met some angry brothers who were very
into the Nation, and one of them got the Call, too. Way he
heard it was "L and that
means whitey too.

In fact, I've run across all kinds of people who've gotten
the Call and have tied it to some weird religion or another.
We've all heard from that guy in Thailand about how this is
just the natural expression of "God's Will on Earth." I've also
met with Atherians and Unariuns who say the same — only
instead of the Holy Spirit, the Atherians talk about Actherius.
Who the hell knows? This George King guy heard a voice
from Venus while washing dishes in 1954? Sounds like the
Call to me, only with more answers and no headache. As for
the "Unarius students," they don't like being called a "reli-
gion" but their leader calls herself "Archangel Uriel" and says
she used to be Confucius, Socrates, Henry VII and Benjamin
Franklin. It sounds like horseshit to me (no offense to any
believers out there), but I saw an Atherian blow up a flicker
with something that cracked every window on the block and
set off car alarms for halfa mile. The official police explana-
tion was a pipe bomb.

Moves rom [xpiaN Cano

Pueblo Daily Rocket

by Herbert MacDonald

My final bit of news fills me with optimism for the
New Year. As most of you Din'eh already know, two of
the coyotes who have been causing such trouble for the
reservation flocks were found dead last week near Tec-
naz-Pas. The animals had apparently killed one another,
perhaps in a territorial duel.

According to tradition, their pelts were burned in
order to prevent misuse by unscrupulous individuals.
Although Tribal President Howard was quick to ask
the men who found the dead animals for the trophies,
the Tribal Council was sorry to inform him that they
had already been destroyed.

Let us hope 1981 brings us more news of this type!

Ya-ta-hay,

Herbert MacDonald

PENETRATION

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: Nashua Weirdness

1 just got out of Nashua NH, home of Cleaner221. I'll
admit that I thought he was crazy too when he started posting
about the flicker woman in the VR helmet blowing up cars
with a remote control, and the guy who was spreading a trail
of fire behind him when he waltzed with her. I should have
known better.

In person, Cleaner seemed okay. His name was Gene
Regent— doesn't matter now. He told me he'd been watching
the pair of them for some time, and that they kept poking
around this new company called Image Data. He worked the
night cleaning shift at an office building in the same area, 0
he saw the two of them going in late, and he saw them messup
a group of maybe four security guards with the fire and all that.

So Image Data is trying to sell this thing to stores where
they put a screen by the cash register, and when you writea
check or use a credit card, it flashes your picture. They're
buying the pictures from drivers license bureaus, and Regent
said they've gotten a bunch of money from the Feds and the
Secret Service. He was really bugging over the whole thing

kept talking about Big Brother and how hard it would
make it for anyone to have privacy. Of course he didn't like
ita bit when he saw that Image Data is thick with flickers, on 4
top of the dancer and the computer girl. (I know, he didn't
post about this. He didn't get a chance before he died, and!
was busy getting the hell out of Dodge.)

We decided we'd take out the woman first, since he
thought she was more dangerous. The first time he showed
her to me, I was like "No way!" She looked normal, even to
the Sight. I started to think, maybe this guy is just batshit,
been smelling too much cleaning solution, when suddenly |
got this headache like a spike through my brain. I grabbed my
head, and I heard that Voice saying SHE IS ONE and when
[looked up everything was all white and kind of blurry, and
the street sign near her house said "WORLDBUILDER."
Then I blinked and it said "Vanderbilt" again, and I still had
a headache and a fucking nosebleed, but | started to believe
my man Regent.

Bookworm55 seemed straight when he said the flickers
don't like to do their thing when there's people around, so we
set out to take her down in daylight. Regent had broken into
his uncle's house, stolen a long rifle with a sight and two
pistols. We were careful. We wore gloves when we loaded the
guns, so we wouldn't leave prints on the brass parts. We drove
his car through the woods so that there'd be mud all over the
license plates. We even put on these fake-ass beards before
the driveby. He'd been watching her, so he knew where she
lived, where she usually parked going to work. We practiced
the drive a few times the night before, knew when the traffic
lights would change. We just hoped there wouldn't be too
many bystanders.

We drove up slow, poked the rifle out the passenger
window and got one good shot in her back before she knew
what was happening. Then everyone started screaming like
crazy, and I switched guns while she fell. She was on the
sidewalk, real close to the street, so I pulled out a pistol to
finish the job. That's when shit went wrong. She had this
thing from her purse — I think it was a fucking TV remote.
She pointed it at me, and when I shot at her the gun blew up
in my hand. Lucky I had my hand out the window, so I wasn't
bleeding all over the insides of the car.

Regent stopped the car and backed up, even though we
were supposed to be getting away. | just shoved my hand in
my armpit, and then I saw he was going to run her over. The
bitch stood up and started running — with a bullet right
through her spine. I don't know what Regent did then — he
said "No you don't" or something and she stopped right in


place. We were over the sidewalk and driving on someone's
lawn, so we didn't really smash into her — more like he
knocked her down and drove over her with the tire. Crazy
bastard wanted to go over her again to make sure, but I told
him to get his ass out of there. He managed to get the back
tire over her stomach while turning back to the street. I don't
think she lived.

We were lucky. We were close to the edge of town, so we
could go hide the car in the woods, where we'd left my renter.
My hand was healing itself. We threw the guns in the river,
except for the pistol we hadn't fired. Since we didn't hit her
too hard, we didn't worry about paint from the car being on
her body, or about there being blood on the bumper. But the
tires had to go — there were definitely tread marks on the
lawn and on her. So we took the tires off his car and put them
on the rental, rotating them around. Then we washed his car
up, so any cops wouldn't be suspicious.

It took us a couple hours to get all that shit
done, by which time the radio had news of
the "tragedy." We split up, taking both
cars back, and I wanted to stop by
my hotel and get some different
clothes. (Stupid — I should
have brought them along.)

When I'd done that, I went
to his apartment and
knocked on the door. His
car was out front, but there
was noanswer. That's when
[heard something from in-
side his house — like a
rattling kind of sound. I
tried the door and it was
unlocked. I didn't have a
gun with me, but I put on the
Sight and went in.

Regent waslyingonthe floor
of his kitchen, and he was covered
with big black rats. One was half in
his mouth, and that's why he wasn't
screaming. He was thrashing like hell, but
there were more rats pouring out of the corners,
coming down the hall, dropping out of the light fixtures and
going at him. Standing over him, watching, was this
motherfucker in a black tank top — and he was tap dancing!
The rats weren't touching him at all, and he was fucking
dancing, [twas like, with every tap, another rat would show up,
or a rat would bite at Regent. The dancer was talking at
Regent, real low hissing about "You killed her fast but you're
gonna die slow." Then I walked in and he looked up and click
click, started dancing in a different rhythm, and all the rats
tumed and looked at me.

Regent had put the other gun in this gym bag, and I saw
that on the table, so I went for it as the rats started jumping
at me. The dancer, he was just laughing. I got the bag as the
rats started on my legs, and they were climbing over each
other to get higher up on me. I've seen rats before, and some
bigones too, but these were huge, longas my forearm, and not
scared of people like most are. These were like attack dogs,
biting all over my legs. I'm kicking and shouting at them,

DAMNED LIES AND STATISTICS

Every statistic you read is a lie. The
Forces in power know people are follow-
ers, like sheep. After all, they've culled
everyone who stands out and thinks for
himself. We want to be with the herd, so
they produce statistics to lead us along,

disguising themselves as the Will of the
People. The only thing you can learn from
statistics is what the Forces want us to
think. Send $2 and a SASE To: Statistics,
735 Park North Boulevard, Suite 128,
Clarkston GA 30021 for more information
on the fight for your minds.

CHAPTER 6: NORTH AMERICA

the gun out and fired it at him, which just made him laugh
harder — it was like he was just floating along on the floor,
never where I was shooting. The rats were all over my legs,
I couldn't stand and I kind of fell back into one of Regent's
chairs, still shooting and missing.
He'd started talking at me now, about how the witnesses
saw a black shooter in the car. He came closer and | kept
missing, and the tapping got louder and louder. By the time the
gun was empty he was right in front of me. I was trying to back
away, but the rats were everywhere I was trying to put my feet,
I couldn't get out of the chair and then he jumped up and
planted one of his fucking tap shoes right in my face. I could
taste the blood, but I also heard the Voice go GET HIM
BACK. That's when I tagged him with a punch that was w:
stronger than I could normally do. His head jerked and his
was bleeding. He grinned and looked crazy, and he
was talking crazy too, saying "Let's get vulgar!"
He spun around and there were flames shoot-
ingout ofhishandsand feet, andsuddenly
things went wrong. [don't think I did
it. Maybe the Voice wasstill around
and was sick of him. I don't know.
All I know is that suddenly the
tapping got real loud, and as
he spun it was like he was
comingapart. Like when you
pull a wing off a cooked
chicken —his arms and legs
coming apart, and fire com-
ing out instead of blood. He
screamed something about a
pair of something, then fell

down, burning and dead

while the fucker in the tank top just laughs and dances. I got r

As soon as he was dead,
the rats started taking off. I
didn't even want to look at my
legs — I hoped they'd be fixed up
soon enough, hoped that whatever
makes me heal so fast could take care
of rabies too. I just left the apartment, ran

to the car and drove away.

So whatever's going on at Image Data may still be going
on. I hada flight to catch, and Regent didn't know about any
other hunters in the area. If you're up that way, don't reply,
don't tell me shit. Maybe that's how they found Regent, how
the dancer knew where to find him. In case they're reading
this, don't warn them. Just go.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: St. Louis

St. Louis is in bad shape, people. Any of you who can get
down there and poke around ought to do it — don't know
when I'll be back there, but I'll try to make it. The town's got
rots like flies on dogshit. Damn shame that concealed carry
law got defeated down there.

It's frustrating when you don't live there and can't make
a careful plan and don't know anyone. After one real bad
headache recently, I found that when I put the Sight on I can

HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

even spot the secret ones now — what God45 calls
the Sight of the Witness, I guess. So now I can drive
around and see a fucking rot walking down the
street in broad daylight. (Yes, they can walk by
daylight. Some of ‘em, anyhow.) So I try to do what
I can, taking them out at random. At least the
copsaren't going to find any "motive." Noth-
ing they'd understand anyhow. At least
I drove in to St. Louis, so I could bring
my own damn guns.
Work wasn't going well, but that
doesn't even bother me anymore. Shit,
I won't front: work started to slide
after my divorce, and getting imbued
was really the flush for a career that
was already in the crapper. But who
cares, right? What we're doing mat-
ters more than any slave job anyhow.
But back to the rots in St. Louis. |
was stalking this one after another day
on the job, and I started to get ner-
vous because it was getting dark.
That's when I saw him pull up by
Tower Grove park and get out
So was thinking this mightbe
my chance. I checked my guns,
put on my gloves and got out
of the car, and then I saw
something on the park sign.
It was one of those symbols
people have been talking
about the ones Crys-
tal23 put up. I don't know
it made me feel better to
see it. | don't know why we
recognize them. I don't even know
what it means to me, other than some-
thing good. Like someone's on my side. So!
put my hands in my pockets and put the Sight on and
started to follow my target.

1 thought it was my lucky night, cause he was
going off towardsa real secluded part at the back of the
park. I figured I'd be able to do him quick, run off and
jump the fence before anyone even knew where the
shots came from. So I was getting ready when |
smelled something, and this guy comes out of the
bushes right by me. "Spare change, buddy?" he as
but when he gets close he says "They watching —

don't do nothing." I look down at his hand, and

he's got the mark written on it with a
marker, the same symbol ftom the park
sign. He told me to meet him by the men's
room, that it was safe over that way. So

I changed course, wondering why |

Le N' was trusting this nasty old bum.

By the men's room there was a

garbage can that looked like it was
smoking, there were so many flies

on it. Getting closer, I could see it

was full of dead squirrels and chip-


munks and birds and shit — all these little dead animals.
They looked nasty, and not just the ones on the bottom that
were rotting out. Even the top ones, which hadn't been dead
long — they had bulgy eyes or they were mangy or some-
thing. I swear to God, one big squirrel on the top had fangs,
not normal flat teeth.

The bum met me and caught me staring. He smiled and
said the animals were the eyes of the dead. "She feed them her
blood and they get all twisted like her. But [ been taking them
down, day by day. Soon she be day-blind and ['ll have my
park back." I asked what "her" and he said "a dead thing."
Then | asked him how he'd found out, and he said an angel
had come down and showed him the truth and he'd gotten
himself sobered up so he could fight the dead things. I told
him I'd heard the same angel and that | was ready to help him
take both of them down. He looked a little nervous and I
showed him the guns.

So the two of us skulked off towards where we'd left the
rot, and (against my better judgment) I gave him a gat. I still
had the Sight on, but we heard them before we got there. The
two rots were bitching at each other! The man was saying
something about how "We're the future, so get used to the
law of day." She was yelling back, calling him an upstart and
saying she had a secret weapon he couldn't dream of. That
was when we got close and I could see her. She was one ugly
bitch, all rotted away and covered with pus and dripping with
every kind of skanky shit. So she points at the other guy, who
could at least pass for alive, and a bunch of rats come pouring
out of the shadows to gnaw at him. (1 don't know what it is
with rats — maybe it's something the rots taught the flickers,
or vice versa?) It didn't seem to bother him much, though,
cause he grabbed the corner of this picnic table and launched

itat her the way I'd throw a frisbee. After that, the two of

them just started whaling on each other. | was going to sit
back and watch them go at it, come in and clean up the loser,
but bum-boy charged in with the pistol, hoping to get a two-
for-one, screaming about Jesus, so I had to back him.

He holed both of ‘em at least once before they noticed
him, and when they did the skanky rot just twisted and
gnawed the other one's head off. She looked up at the bum
and threw the head into his chest like a basketball, hard
enough to knock him over. I can't be sure, but | think the
other rot kept clobbering her even without its head. I put one
right into her throat and then the rats were coming at me,
and these were even worse than the flicker's rats because they
were all sick and raggedy and fucking hungry.

Out the corner of my eye I saw the bum stand up with the
cleave thing coming out of his hand, and the skank had time
to say "You're one too?" before he hacked down on her like
atomahawk dunk. I was busy rolling on rats. By the time I was
done with them, he was going over the chopped up corpses.
Me, I wouldn't have touched them with a ten-foot pole —
she looked chock full of AIDS and Ebola, but he came up
with her nasty smelling purse. | was kind of antsy about
sticking around, but he said the cops never came around the
park, probably because of her. I said that if he wanted to look
at that shit, he could do it in my hotel room after a meal and
a shower.

So what we found was that the woman rot had about fifty
bucks, no ID, a bunch of things that looked like credit cards

CHAPTER 6: NORTH AMERICA

and a big ring of keys. She also had a little toolkit that looked
like it was for electrical repair maybe, and a notebook written
in some kind of code or foreign language or something. The
only thing that made sense was the last page. It was one of the
symbols, our symbols, with a question mark after it. Only 1
didn't get any sense of rightness looking at it. It's weird. I'm
not sure — but I don't think it was written by one of us. |
think it was just copied

The guy rot had even less stuff: forty dollars, bras:
knuckles and a worn, faded out love letter from 1992.
Anyone from Indiana who wants to check out the sender, let
me know and I'll send her name and address privately.

While I was checking that out, the bum made a discov-
ery. One of the plastic cards said "St. Louis Psychiatric
Rehabilitation Center" on it. | didn't like the sound of that,
especially once | found a schedule of visiting hours taped
inside the notebook. So we made a plan. | had to leave the
next afternoon, for absolute sure. The bum didn't know any
other hunters in the area, and neither of us liked the sound
of that "secret weapon" and "you're one too?" talk. So we
decided to try and get into the hospital the next day, in case
one of us was being kept there.

We took a pass by the hospital at night. I saw at least two
rots go in — one tall gaunt woman and one real pretty boy
white guy. Also, at least three people working there were
blood slaves.

The next day | got the bum a haircut and said we were
going to pass him offasa college professor who knew what the
symbol meant. He was going to claim it was from ancient
Schechem (we got the name from the Gideon Bible) and ask
to see who'd drawn it. We'd pretend like I was a blood bunny
(hoping they didn't have any way to recognize each other)
who'd found him out, and we'd act like he didn't know what
was going on. If we found the other hunter (or hunters), we'd
try to smooth talk them out. Failing that, we'd get drastic.
The bum knew the layout of the joint — turned out he'd
spent some time there drying out once or twice — and said
there weren't more than a dozen armed cops on the grounds.
Yeah, great.

The card thing got us in surprisingly easy, but once we
got off the elevator for the secure ward, we ran into some
trouble. There was a security guard right there, and he
wouldn't let us go any further without permission. So I tried
to lay some gas on him by turning to the bum and saying,
"Show him the letter" but the bum was too fucking stupid to
get it. So [had to play off his "What letter?" by saying "The
letter you got sent asking about the symbol." Then we were
going at it like the Wayans brothers while the guard is
looking more and more suspicious.

Then the bum's inability to act actually started to help us,
when I saw him looking over my shoulder with his eyes getting
wide and scared. | turned around and saw a doctor standing
there frowning. Looking with the Witness Sight, I got a flash
of him sucking blood out of the skank woman's thigh. "Doctor
Leo," I said, reading it offhis name tag. "I'm so glad you're here
to clear up this misunderstanding." He glared at me, asked if |
knew him and I said "We met once, don't you recall? A friend
of ours from the park introduced us...?" His eyes narrowed and
his lip curled. "I think I might ... and what does she want?" |

a


started gassing him about how she'd asked me to find someone
who could identify the symbol. He looked startled at that.
"What do you know about it?"

"Let me guess: the patient who drew it was just a normal,
everyday type person, who suddenly starts going apeshit about
monsters and hearing ‘the Call' and voices and stuff, right?"

aid,

"Perhaps we should discuss this in my office," he

She didn't look like much: a scrawny eighteen-year-old
white girl from the suburbs. Doc Leo introduced us by out
fake names and said her name was Yolanda Cardaras. So]
smiled at her, trying to think how to let her know we were on
her side, when the bum held up a piece of paper with his
symbol on it and said "Do you recognize this, sweetheart!"
She cracks open this big, glassy eyed smile and says some-
thing about it's the sign of conviction. She turned to Leo and

nodding to the security guard.

Ithought about pull-
ing the gun on him in the
office, but thought I
might as well bluff it far-
ther. "Well, Doctor
Gideon here has seen
that symbol before," I
said, nodding at the bum.
"In Shechem," he said,
nodding. And then there
was this go-around with
Leo not wanting us to
meet the patient, and us
insisting, and him want-
ing us to say what the
symbol wasall about first,
and us not wanting to,
and then the bum actu-
ally surprised me. He
asked for a piece of paper
and wrote on it, then
asked the doctor to read
the word. Now, the doc
was starting to get pissed,
but the bum insisted, so
he said "wind" as in,
blowing air. Andthe bum
said, "No, I wrote wind,
like you wind a watch."
And the doctor said he
couldn't know which
meaning it had just from
the one word. And the
bum tapped the symbol
and said "so you do see
why we have to talk to
the patient."

Leo knew he was
beat, but still wouldn't
let us talk to her alone
(that's how I found out it
was a "her"). [ asked if
she was dangerous, and

THE TRUTH aBouT Jarep

sHoemakernR!

GReTCcHeEn MmaGGs UlaS aRResTeD FOR
munpeR anD CLamep THaT HeR victim
was a bemon. sHe neveR Hap any
cRiImmaL RECORD OR HISTORY OF viIoLence
BeFORe THAT. LIAS SHE JUST a NUT? IF SO,
HOU Come sHe DIeD InN an asyLum arFTren
ony Five pays OF TReaTmMenT?

varnep sHOemaKkeR wienT on Tv -anD
samp He COULD DO munactes anD FIGHT
Demons. ony Days Later, He was
arnresTep on TRUMPeD UP CHaRGes anD
DIED escaPpine FROM PRISON.

THese TWO PeOPLe DIED TeLLING THE
TRUTH, anD THeYy aReMT THE onLYy ones.

THIS FRIDay aT 8:00 Pm, you can LeaRnn
THe secrets THAT MaGGs anD sHOemaken
Kkneu. DaRRen JORDeLL* DaRes TO BReaKk
THe WaLL OF SILence UNTH a LecTuRe aT
THe FepernaTion OF eaGLes Hall, 220
luesT LOCUST. aTTeND anD youLL see:

— @ COPY OF GReETCHEN Maccs' susMIciOoUS
@uTOPSY REPORT.

— vipecTapep Testimony FROM eyve—
uuTnesses OF JaRnep sHOeMmaken's escape.

—- a compuTeR enHancementT oF
SHOeMAKER'S LUGN DEMONSTRATION, PROVING
He DIDN'T Fake iT

— appmionaL. PROOF OF THe DIOBAaLICaL
conspimmacy THAT RULES US aLL.

— KnoUJLeDGe Is POWER. Leann aBouT
uiHaT THeY aRe TeRRIFIeD youLL. FIND

*FOR secuRITY PURPOSeS, THe
PResenten's Real name Has Been CHanGceD.

said "They're like me!
They've heard the Call
too!" Dr. Leo starts to
look mad, Yolanda's
blathering something |
about the crusade against
the law of day, and I fig-
ure everything's turning
to shit. I try to draw my
gat, but crazy Yolanda—
it's like she knew what |
was going to do before |
did it — bitch jumped
over the table and
knocked me down. Dr.
Leo's yelling for the
guards while Doctor

Bum's getting out the
Cleaver and trying to go
to town.

When my _ head
cracked against the floor,
that was it, | was pissed. |
know, Yolanda's "one of
us" and some of you don't
think we should fight
anything butdead things,
but she was brainwashed
or something and I was
mostly thinking about a
dozen armed guards in the
building, so I tagged her.
While she was yelping
and holding her eye, |
punched her in the gut.
She had her hand on the
butt of my gun. She was
biting and clawing, but I
just kept pounding her.
Shit, it was ugly. She was
just a girl, really, but she
wouldn't let go of the gun
until I'd knocked her flat

he said "Not to us, let's hope!" I didn't like the sound of that.
Walking to her cell, he told me what a pain in the ass it
had been to have her committed: her parents were divorced
and it was hard to get them to agree to lock her up, especially
since she later recanted on her first statement. But (and here
he winked at me) he said it was pretty easy to provoke a few
more psychotic episodes to wear down their resistance.

out. By that time Doctor
Leo had the bum down and was bugging on him — biting and
screaming — just as the guard showed up. I put my gun to Leo's
head and said "Drop it!" and the guard did, right before Leo
smacked my hand away and went for my throat. Shouldn't
have turned his back on the bum, whostill had the Cleaver and
slashed out his legs with it. The guard was bending down to get
his gun while I was grabbing mine, so] shot at him and missed.
He ran and so did we.


The bum was pretty wrecked, but he insisted that | take

him back to the park — said the "angel" would take care of

him. I almost dragged him back home with me, but he
wouldn't hear of it, got crazy and said the park was his and he
wasn't going to give it up to the "law of day" or to the dead
things or to anyone at all. So I left him with the rest of my
traveling money and got the hell out of town. | came right
home and wrote this, but I had some time on the road to think
about what was going on down there. Here's what I think.

1) There's some kind of fight going on between two
different types of rots, one calling themselves the "law of day."

2) The other rots —I'll call them the "law of night" —
know something about the imbued and are planning on using
us as their weapon against the law of day. They've got
Yolanda brainwashed in that crazy house. The bum said she
wasn't a blood slave, so that's something anyhow. They may
have more.

3) They can't know too much about us, since we don't
even know much about us.

4) They've had about six hours by the time you read this.
Idon't know if they've moved Yolanda or not. If I was them,
I would.

CANADA

Govcrnmeny, Laws anD Law ENFORCEMENT

Canada's a democracy, sort of like the US, only their
Prime Minister isn't as powerful as our President, and their
Senate is appointed instead of elected. Not that any of you
are likely to need to know that.

What you need to know about is the RCMP — the Royal
Canadian Mounted Police, who are in charge of the biggest part
of Canadian law enforcement. Forget Dudley Do-Right. The
RCMP are cops, just like cops anywhere, except their authority
covers everything everywhere. In the US, you can dodge a local
warrant by skipping across a state line, and you don't have to
worry about the DEA if you don't have drugs, but the RCMP are
Canada's one-stop shop for criminal ball-breaking.

One area of particular interest is the Canadian fascina-
tion with gun control. Handgun licensing is very restrictive
—takes forever, costs a fortune, gets the cops paying atten-
tion to you. Recently they've passed a law that every gun in
the country has to be licensed, so the hard task of getting a
gat in the Great White North is going to become harder and
more expensive.

The good news about Canada is that they've got socialized
medicine — so when you show up at an ER, the first question is
"What the hell happened to your arm?" not "You've got insur-
ance, right?" You can get patched up on the government dime
any time you get bashed up. If you want elective surgery, I guess
that'sa whole different story. Youdon'tsee so many women with
breast implants up north. Boo hoo.

That's not to say that there isn't paperwork and that
they don't try to keep track of who you are. But it's easier to
deal with than in the U.S., and you don't have to fuck with
ituntil after you get helped. In the U.S., you have to cope
with that shit while they're sewing you up, if not before. The
big exception is gunshot wounds, of course. Just like every-

CHAPTER 6: NORTH AMERICA

where else, Canadian doctors are real curious about bullet
holes, and up there the old "I was cleaning it when it went
off" routine isn't as likely to play.

Reticion/Surersrivion

Canada mainly has the same religious climate as the US
— your basic "Don't ask, don't tell" approach. More
protestants, I think. On the west coast you get some Buddhist
and Shinto temples, where there's been a lot of immigration
from the Orient. But mostly it's pretty calm, religion-wise.

There's always exceptions, of course. There's this one
group out west called the Doukhobors. They came over from
Russia because they refused to join the Czar's army and
burned all their weapons, and things were okay in Canada for
awhile. They were peaceful, until their leader died, and then
the group split. The main group is still peaceful and simple —
kind ofa Canadian Amish, if have it right. The other group,
though, calls itself the Sons of Freedom and they've got a
taste for arson and nudity. Actually, both groups are known
for naked protest, even in the middle of winter. It's supposed
tosymbolize them getting back to the simplicity of Adam and
Eve; I guess:

CHERYL TILLIS: My next guest is Marcia Hogarth,
one of the co-founders of the "Blood Cult Awareness
Network." Ms. Hogarth has now renounced her former
organization and is currently promoting a book entitled
Blood Simple: America's Cult Hysteria. Welcome back,
Ms. Hogarth.

MARCIA HOGARTH: Thanks, Cheryl. It's great
to be here.

CT: Now, last time you were on the show, you were
convinced that there was a network of "blood cults"
across the U.S., a sort-of nihilistic fetish organization
encouraging teens to drop out, give up, and live like
they're dead. Now you've turned around completely.
What changed?

| MH: Well, you have to realize the circumstances.
When Trudy and I founded BCAN, we'd both lost
teenage children toa horrible, horrible suicide pact. The
"Chicago Coven' was definitely a sick, really sad orga-
nization. We were trying to make sense... of what those
kids did. And we started to jump at shadows, seeing
conspiracies and organizations when there was really
nothing but kids trying to shock their parents.

CT: In your first interview, you said there were over
10,000 blood cultists nationwide — that there was a
national or possibly international organization behind it.
Do you still believe that?

MH: It's really embarrassing now.... I can't tell you
how many psychologists and psychiatrists have tried to
explain sanguinary fetishism to me. We started to jump
at shadows ... It was Dr. Brad Stackwell who finally
explained it to me. It's really very simple; when kids
aren't nurtured enough, they never really learn how to
be comfortable with their feelings. So they start acting
out physically, hurting themselves, and getting into this
exaggeratedly morbid sensuality. Nothing but kids try-


ing to shock their parents. It's not the actions of some
sinister cult. It's a few sad, lonesome kids crying out for
attention.

CT: But the BCAN had over a thousand members

at one point. Surely they couldn't all be mistaken?
MH: Try applying that logic to the Salem witch
hunts. We were confused — me especially. We started
to jump at shadows. I'm not proud of my finger pointing
and wild accusations. | remember accusing the net-
works of "covering up the truth" and claiming that
publishers rejected our books out of "fear of reprisals."
Now it's like waking up from a horrible dream. I'd be
doubly embarrassed if some of the kooky stuff we wrote
was in print. I probably hurt the BCAN when I came
on your show, acting like a lunatic... 1 suppose it's for
the best inde long run, though. If discredited us, it's
because we deserved to be discredited. There was really

is trying to shock their parents.
BCAN's foundation was so shaky,
— and so fast?

really. People are suckers for an
Jon't understand your kids? Hey,
our little darling's been brain-
washed by ab it No one wants to say, "My kid
is dressed for , and is playing around with
‘blood sports' ored him, because I was too
as selfish and impatient and
ump at shadows. The hardest

my child's fe ae a ... It's... torment, to
see your child suffer ids trying to shock...
And it's worse when yot you caused it, so I.
was desperate for anything blame. We started to

| jump.. - Anphing| ae say, "There, it
was them, not me, n a scapegoat.
dae too. ‘And we Bt

Like the U.S., Canada isn't too bad to travel in once
you're there. Crossing the border from the States can be kind
of a drag. They'll ask if you have any weapons, including

2 's, and they'll confiscate them if you do
— you sign them over and they give them back when you go
back into America. They will search your car if they think
you look suspicious and, just like the U.S., blacks and Latinos
generally look more "suspicious" than whites and Orientals.
As for bringing guns, you can bring rifles and shotguns if you
register them with a game warden for hunting, but forget
about handguns or assault rifles. Those are plain illegal.

PENETRATION

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: New Dijon Outbreak

I'm like Oracle171. I was at New Dijon too. She's not
making it up. God help us all.

For me, here's how it happened. I was up in Montreal
a sales trip, when the Voice woke me out of a sound seg
Jesus, it was awful. Like having your dad yelling in youreat,
"YOU MUST STOP THEM," without any explanation d
how, or who, or where to go, just everything looking too
white around the edges even in the dark. Then I saw thisont
word, "ANNIHILATION," and it scared the fuck out of me,
I didn't even stop to put on jeans. I just ran down to mycit
in my sneakers and pajamas. Didn't even pause to wipe my
nose, which was bleeding the way it always does when the
"angels" decide to tell me something. | just got into mya
and was out of the parking garage before I even had an ide
where I was going. I didn't need to worry, though. Th
highway sign looked like "GO" instead of "100" and thesig
for "Drummondville" read as "DAMNEDVILLE." Oncel gt
on that road, I saw a signpost for "Annihilation," for
kilometers. No gun, no nothing, just me and a rental ca,
middle of Quebec, middle of the night.

About ten miles from New Dijon, I started to sea
shitload of cars and trucks going the other way, driven bya
lot of scared people. A couple of them waved frantically atme
totum around. At least one was bleeding out his forehead
got closer, and I saw some kind of armored car or something,
parked sideways to block the exit ramp. By the entrance
ramp, there were two jeeps and a bunch of scared looking
soldiers — kids — with big guns, staring toward the town!
pulled up behind them and honked, and a couple of them
whirled around, pointing fucking machine guns at mell
asked what was going on. Alll they'd tell me was, "No onegos
in. No one comes out." I was about to ask why, when thiscar
drives up out of town and the soldiers are all surroundingit,
yelling and waving their gats. I hear a woman crying andthe
soldiers relax. They think it's someone else trying to escape,
but when I look with the sight I see it's a rot. | get a visiond
her eyes popping open on a mortuary slab, tearing out the
stitches where they were sewed shut. I was so punchy andhall
awake that I just started shouting at the soldiers, "She's deal
Look out, she's one of them!"

Well, the rot got jumpy, the soldiers got jumpy, and
there were two more rots in the trunk. After all the bulletsgat
shot there were three fewer soldiers and three downed tos,
I told the officer in charge that he had to make sure they wert
crushed up good or taken right to pieces. He asked how!
knew. I just shook my head and asked what was going on. He
said his switchboard lit up with calls from New Dijon, peop
saying the dead had risen. The local chief of police evet
called begging for army support, and with all the panic, hegt
it. But the man in charge wasn't expecting this, he said. The
he asked what I knew, and I said "I know they're here and
they have to be stopped." He asked what I thought th
should do. I said to get flamethrowers, and he nodded.

He said there were still a lot of people in the town, sl
said to leave half his men where they were, blocking the wa
in and out. "Don't let no one out, no matter how normal the
look," I warned. Then I had a thought and got some pape
drew one of our symbols on it along with two others | jut
made up. "If anyone else comes, show them this. Ask themit
point out the one that matters. Anyone who picks this ont,
let them in. Don't let anyone else in, got it? The people who
recognize this one are okay — you might want to tell somed

|


CHAPTER 6: NORTH AMERICA

them to stay here to tell you who's living and who's just
fronting, got it?" He asked what it all meant, and I just shook
my head again. "No time. You willing to trust me to pick out
who's living and who's lying?" He said he had no choice.

So that's how I wound up in my PJs playing guide to six
Canadian soldiers and their commander. They wouldn't
even give me a gun, the bastards. We took one of the jeeps
and started into town, slow. Eventually we stopped and four
of them walked alongside the jeep, real nervous. | started
thinking to myself that if the Messengers were around, this
would be a fine fucking time for them to start imbuing, but
1 guess they had their own schedule to keep. Or maybe their
powers wouldn't work in the middle of whatever happened to
New Dijon.

Don't fool yourself: that whole town was fucked. Start
ing out, it was just something you felt, like when you get all
cold and nervous for no reason. And you felt ... sad. Not in
asappy, TV commercial way, but really sucked dry and worn
out and worthless. Like what I felt when my wife left. All the
colors were washed out of everything, and it all looked dead,
decaying, worn down. Like a ghost town. Only you expect a
ghost town to be quiet. This wasn't. There was the sound of
breaking glass, and screaming, and sirens that just kept going
and going but didn't get any closer.

We set out towards the sirens, figuring that was the best
thing todo, when I started to see invisibles all over the place.
Usually when you see one, it's just walking around, right?
These were flying. They looked like they were being flung
around on a wind, only there was no wind, it was all still
Then I saw maybe three of them look at us and grin, and I had
time to say "Oh shit" before they were on us. One came right
at the jeep and dove into the engine, and suddenly the
steering wheel wrenched out of the driver's hand and the gas
pedal went to the floor. [t was trying to run down one of the
soldiers by the front corner. I dove over to help fight for the
wheel when I saw the second one dive down the barrel of a
soldier's gun, and the gun started firing itself, right into the
back of the guy in front of him. The driver slammed on the
brakes and I switched it to neutral, but it was like the jeep had
come alive and was fighting back

Then the spirit must have gotten tired because it
jumped out and floated away. I was looking around when |
saw where the third one had gone. It had taken over one of
the soldiers, who was grinning and getting ready to open
fire on all of us. I saw him shoot and miss, so | jumped out
of the jeep and went for his knees. The commander was
shouting, trying to find out what was going on while I was
fighting the possessed guy. The two of us wound up in a
clinch, and the commander had his gun to my head,
shouting, and I said for him to ask the soldier his name. | was
lucky he wasa calm son of a bitch, because he didn't just pop
me, he asked what I meant —still shouting, still scared, but
listening. I said "The soldier's possessed! Ask his name!"
When the officer did, the soldier said some bullshit about
how "Don't you recognize me, Sarge?" The officer's eyes got
wide and he said "I'm a captain!" and pointed the gun at the
possessed soldier. The invisible started swearing, then un-
hooked itself and blew aw

The soldier started crying, and the officer smacked
him. I kept looking around, and saw another bunch of

a =


pue yaquas
ay ovur Tyas aaoup
ypnayayPur Meuiow ap ang
w= heme Butuan woy spuey Aur
STS, upjnod ‘ut 8 1,Up]Nod | "payrey |
"Aulos wij "wdOIs Typ Jo 29799 ayy OUT aarp 04 j[asAur SuLIq
1Up]Nod | ang ‘pain | "yred v Surwa]> wag 1s] aya YIM
‘pamo]]o} yonaa ay. "We SUIALp arom am IVY Jo Is1OM ay das
1upip Aaya — Axon] asoas Ady ‘puncue [Je SuNoYs suaIPjos
ay JO OA ‘sarquioz Jao AysOW "BuyALUp payers | OS

sea 1 YA saeyy YUTYs |" pres | ‘ax9y
‘JPY 01 UMOp ajoy
wp dn Zo]9 01 Suryrowos auop aavy py sea] I INq "eq
awioo ppnow Apog Au Ajqeqoad pur ‘arp 01 3u108 sem JEU sem,
yun P[No> | [PY "Parains 01 ButAN UF UIOd Aue Was 3,UpIP
aaya JuIod Jey? Ie Ang ‘siNU sem aYs TYsNOYp | ‘eoUBIEyAIUT
aalup 0 atu paruem ays puk predaaead atp Jo JoUa ay 01198
01 pey ays 2p payfad — ad¥j Jay UO YOO] P]IM e YK ULWOM

anya pagey Su] ¥— Yona ay Suraup uLWom ayy
{nod asureSe peap anoA uum ued IeYD
Aue ue dois nod op MOP] 'sea I vYM saeyI asnesaq — AWE
ue dors nod op mop j2eEI dors NOs op MOP "YIU UdyoIq &
uo Bun] o] peay siy Yatm ‘say UayoIq UO dn poois ay se uado
paddod sada sipy "yanow! sty orm pauuems sisoys uazop v
‘paip ay se Uoos sy "saiquioz Jo 9Avm & Jopun UMOp O8 UPEde>
ay mes | [YSNoud 2, use I pue — Boy Yeap ap Bursn "Way
Suavap> Vysipods avy YM wey? Surg ‘syeN Tay)
ui saiquioz ayy Burddoas — sa%ipo jo spury |e Suis azam sn
ay] Slayzo ay ‘Buay 919M sudIP]os oy_p ‘sh ye ays pasreys

saiquioz aya jo 20] v ‘dn pajjor yon ayp se UoOs sy

"Way? JOUODS 01 IYsNo}
sajgistauy aya se saajaswayi BuNYsy sa1poq ayy —saovy Ney
40 sB9] aay av SurMe]D sue Joy) pur wtP SuIpH ssoys
aay 10 Ano} peY sarpoq awog "way! jo spuesnoy) aqdvur

‘spaspuny — sajqistaur ano Sumids
sem 21 "Ur sBuIya BuIZons Jo pearsur
Aquo ‘opeuaor 4>"Iq ¥ ay}] Paxoo] Jey
Suryroutos sem paedanead ayp jo i9uaa
A AL pue IYBIS ay YI
sem ey Jo doy uo ‘19Ke] JY ay]

aya Uy ‘asiom si

‘dn awed sarpog ayn se 112 & ayt] Burddod sem
a1aya UF aaesB Ax9A9 9yI] PayOO] 21 pue ‘ArI9UI>
Plo ue punoae aouay UON B1q v jo sored oyy VY peY sie dos
YL JOYIO Yea Surypory asam Watp Jo May vanNb pur Sunysy
pur sSuryp durjoaam punoze Suruuns saiquioz pur sued aoqjod
payseus daiyi sem aeyI puL ‘pylom jeoishyd aya sem auE
"srake] om] "SBUIYP OM ska IE — MES | WY, "WOYp auTETY
1,Uop | ‘BuNooys pue Surumeards pauseas asnf sio1pyos ay],

"way? Year o1 SUo
aye) .UPIP a pue ‘uyede suans oyp spremor BuyJor paiseas
am Fey) YA ,Satquioz, Woy 11 yaIosd dyay or Yona ayp
uo paduinf siaipjos Jo a]dnoo v pur ,suowap,, Woy 31 99,04d
07 aut yar daaf ay Ul 108 sueIpUy ay) Jo AUG "BuTT[Ad pores
pur uarredurt 308 19910 ay J ‘pasnyuoo punose poors sio1pjos
YP a]TYM ‘saouaruas Surystuy anoywm s9yio ysea puras

-lopun asn{ ppnod am ay] ‘UOIes1aAUOD plam & PLY 2/%\

"ssani | ‘youasy — ues9e
ue pey pur aiya arom siaypo ay] "ueIPUT payxoo] ajdno>
Y 2 Peq UI aary) puL qud ay? UI OM] — WAY Jo aay iam
a19Y]] {MOA Jo uO WJ, payfa4 pue yon ayp or ues "dn 103 |
"BuLA[OssIp paqieis pue uel pur payoury Aaya ‘sayqisiaul aya
uo 1yS1] ay2 paurys ays uay A "IYsIPods aya yan yorua aya
Jo xoeq ay UI Surpueas ULWOM e sem azdyL YUN | , ‘sh, 40
<SP]]8,, 10) FUO AY — YOY ay? UO IYBL parured sjoquids no.
jo auo pey yong ayi asnesaq ‘doas 07 wry pjor | pue ayus sty
pastes S1a1pjos aya Jo aUGK *yD"q ay3 UO IYsI Pods onUeAS &
yam "uaas sana p,[ Yanna dnyoid uurep asa8siq aya es pur
payin) | ‘uondarip Jay ayi Wor BuTYIaWOs preay | UsyA
— uazop B aqdewi ‘azour 30] & —

Aem auo Surwos sysoys

QIN WAlAINS 3 ANNH

suddenly the storm started falling apart. [t was like a popping
balloon, only slower, or more like a top winding down.
Somehow she'd taken the core out of it. The winds we
couldn't feel — only see from the spirits riding them — died
down. The flying invisibles fell from the sky. The light and
the machine gun fire started to make a difference, because
there weren't dozens of new spirits showing up to reclaim
anybody that got emptied out by damage. The guy from the
truck who was using the death fog passed out and fell off the
truck. The soldiers ran out of bullets, but the zombies and
invisibles were running, trying to get away from us. We
started chasing them.

Oracle's right. Hundreds of invisibles, maybe even a
thousand, escaped from New Dijon that night, but it could
have been worse. More soldiers and police showed up, along
with more imbued. I hear they fought each other for some
reason and there were a lot of needless deaths.

I don't know what happened at New Dijon, but it could
happen again, and [ think it will. I think it could happen
anywhere. [ also don't know what stopped it. l only had time
to talk to the long haired woman for a little bit. [ asked her
ifa Messenger had come to her, too. She just looked at me
with those glazed, spacey eyes and said "Come to me? No. It's
already in me."

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: Rigger111 Can Kiss My Black Ass

Tam not going to stand for this jiveass bullshit that
Riggerl11 is trying to pull. That goddamn psycho
motherfucker is lucky I don't put his name up here and let
every fucking flicker in Vancouver come to gnaw on his punk
fucked ass. Calling me soft? Shit, he just thinks so because his
head's too goddamn hard.

Here's what really happened. I was up in Vancouver, like
he said, and I hooked up with him and Fisher like he said.
Fisher told me they'd been following this one flicker for
months, that this wasa real bad one. He and his buddies woke
up around this thing, and when they went after it, it went
berserk — turned into some ten-foot monster and tore the
shit out of all of them except him and Rigger. So they want
to get revenge on this flicker, that's cool. | have no problem
with that.

larrange it so that I'm up there to help them out, and I
even bring my man Pedro with me. Fisher's got people from
all over — Coder and Lineman from Seattle. Those two can
back up most of my story. A few other imbued who aren't on
the net and some of Fisher's friends, who I don't think heard
the Call.

Pedro wanted to charge in and start kicking ass right
away, but Fisher kept saying "No, you ain't seen how bad this
thing is. We got to be careful. We got to do it just right." So
wewait and trail the guy fora couple days, and we see that (1)
he's got no job and (2) he keeps coming by this one apart-
ment where this woman lives alone. I took a good look, and
I think she was clean — not a flicker, not a rot, no stain,
nothing I can lay a finger on. I just wanted to go after the
flicker, but Fisher decides he wants to talk to the woman and
see what she knows.

CHAPTER 6: NORTH AMERICA

ow, | thought he was too eager. | could tell something
about the idea of taking this woman made him hot. Back me
up, Coder: did he or did he not grab that woman off the street
like he'd done it before? I got more and more bugged when he
was tying her up —I think he was copping feels. He just liked
it all too much.

He starts acting like she's the enemy, but | don't think
she knew much more than us and probably a lot less. She told
us the flicker's name — Mike Stone, but he wanted her to call
him "Running Water Stone" for some reason. She didn't
even try to tough it out either. Once Fisher threatened her
with a lit cigar, she told us everything she knew, and he still
wanted to burn her tosee if she was holding back. This wasn't
a dead thing, people, this was a normal woman!

She said that Stone was basically stalking her. He kept
asking her out, wouldn't take no for an answer, gave her all
these weird gifts — like this hand beaded Indian skirt and
native jewelry and stuff, and kept talking about how she was
"destined to be his." Stone told her that he can only have
kids with "someone like her," whoever or whatever that is.
She swore up and down that she hated the guy, that he
scared her and that she for certain wasn't planning on
having kids with him.

Pedro and me are telling Fisher to let her go. Rigger is
backing him. It was pretty tense. | won't front and say that I
had any friendly feelings for Fisher, but it ain't like Rigger's
saying that I was planning to kill him cause I was hot for the
girl. That's fucked up!

While Fisher was trying to get all bossy, Mike fucking
Stone shows up at the warehouse where we had the girl,
only he isn't looking like the guy we'd followed. He'd gone
into the ten-foot tall, beast man terminator shape or some-
thing. None of us were ready ... things got crazy. He took
down a couple of Fisher's friends with two swipes of his
claws. We were just lucky Pedro was there. While the rest
of us were running around screaming — I was, | won't lie,
and Rigger was too, we were all freaked — Pedro takes up
a crowbar, starts screaming bloody murder and goes toe-to-
toe with it. That gave the rest of us time to snap out of itand
put on the Sight, start popping out the edges, and it was still
a bloody mess.

At one point the thing had a body by the ankles and
was using it like a club on Rigger. It shoved me back so hard
that I broke two ribs. All the time it was kicking our asses,
it kept yelling to the woman, "I'll save you" and calling her
"my love" and stuff. But we finally got itdown and dead. We
could hear sirens in the distance. I was trying to stand up
when I heard Rigger saying "Well, what do we do about
her?" And I look over, and there's Fisher pointing his gun
right at her face.

"She's a risk," he says. She's screaming like crazy, saying
she's not one of them, saying she's innocent. I know it's true.
Sol point a gun at him —I think it w:
track of him somewhere — and say "You do it and youre a
dead man." So yeah, | threatened him over the girl, but not
like that lying fucker Rigger tried to make it sound.

s Lineman's gun, I lost

Fisher looked at me. His eyes were all bright and wide.
He was licking his lips like a kid on Christmas morning and
he said "I have to kill her, cause if I don't she'll just breed


more of those things. Don't you see? We gotta kill the
breeders. Otherwise we'll be overrun."

By then even Rigger was telling him not to do it, and
Pedro was backing me up. Fisher made like he was snapping
out of it, said we had to go before the cops showed up. The
sirens were getting closer. He turned away. Pedro started
helping me out. Rigger ran out the door. He was going to get
the van. He wasn't even there when Fisher turned around
suddenly and pulled his gun. I heard the girl scream, but I
wasn't quick enough. That sick fuck had a smile a mile wide
when he shot her. So I shot him. I shot one of our own, and
when he was down I put a bullet in his brain. That's
probably what Rigger saw looking back through the door-
way. I'd do it again.

I wiped the gun, untied the girl and rook off. [was the last
one out. I don't even know if she was still alive.

Listen good Rigger. You got a problem with me, we can
settle it. We can find a place somewhere and meet and settle
it once and for all. You got the balls, pick a place and cut out
this cowardly bullshit, lying about me on the list. And one
more thing: I'm watching the Seattle papers, motherfucker.
If that girl is alive and she gets hurt any more, it's your ass and
you won't even see it coming.

Mexico
Governmeny, Laws and Law ENFORCEMENT

Mexico is pretty much run by the Institutional Revo-

lutionary Party — the PRI. Only in the ‘90s have any other
parties busted loose — the PAN (National Action Party)

won an election in Baja, and the first thing they did was
clean up the elections, which had been shot full of fraud.
Things looked good for a while, but then the smugglers and
drug cartels started flexing their muscles, and VIPs started
dying. Not just gangsters, either: in 1993, a Catholic cardi-
nal was shot dead by gunmen for the Arellano crime family.
The next year, the federal police and the state police got
into a shoot out because the state cops were bodyguarding
the Arellanos. Even that seemed like small potatoes after
the lead candidate for the Mexican presidential elections
got kacked in Lomas Taurinas.

So Mexico, as a rule, is jumpy, well armed, and corrupt.
There are exceptions — big, important exceptions — but
you'd be a fool to discount the influence of the crime
syndicates, especially at the border. Drugs and illegal immi-
grants go north — not just Mexicans, either. With a gigantic
person-smuggling infrastructure in place, Mexico has be-
come the gateway for illegal immigration from China and
eastern Europe too. Guns, money and stolen cars flow south.

Even when it's not corrupt, the border patrol is so
overworked that getting through isn't hard if you can talk the
talk, or if you know someone who knows the holes in the
system. However, don't get cocky: just recently, Mexico has
tightened up its enforcement of gun control law along the
border. They've got guys serving five to eight years because
they wandered across the border looking for a parking place
and they forgot they had a box of shotgun shells in their
pickup. Anything over .38-caliber is considered military
grade, so the penalties get even stiffer.

Reugion/Surersv trio

People in the States tend to think that Mexicans are
more religious and superstitious than "we" are, and maybe
there's some truth to that. A lot of religion in Mexico seems
kind of blurred around the edges — the folklore, native
religion and superstition kind of got mixed in with the
Catholic church, along with old African religions that came
over during slave days. I guess the Spanish in Mexico didn't
do as much slaving, but there were plenty of people brought
into the American south and into Haiti and the Caribbean,
so Mexico got a lot of this stuff bled into it from both sides.

Ihave to say, a lot of Mexican religion seems to have a
better grasp on what's really going down. I mean, North
America is all about denying death, I guess. In Mexico you
have the Day of the Dead, where everyone makes good with
their deceased friends and relatives. That's without even
touching on Santeria, where your ancestors are supposed to
come back and talk out of your mouth.

While I was in California, I met a migrant worker named
Pedro, who's one of us. He had the "Chosen" sign painted on
his van. [ asked him about beliefs south of the border. He said
the "curanderos" and native medicine men probably know
more than they're letting on. Or maybe they tried to tell us
and no one would listen. But he said he'd seen a curandero—
kind of a folk healer — treat someone who was possessed by
tubbing a chicken egg all over their body, then smashing it.
When she smashed it, it was all bloody inside, which sounds
likea trick to me, but one time he had her try it ona possessed
guy when he (Pedro) had put the brand on him. Halfway
through her "treatment" she said the egg got really hot, and
when she dropped it, the bloody insides were cooked in the
shape of the brand.

Pedro also heard from some local Indians — a tribe
called the Huichol — that something bad has been coming
into their spirit world. The Huichol believe that their healers
can see past this world by taking peyote (only they don't call
it "peyote"), and that some big storm is brewing, stirring up
the dead. I don't know. Sounds like something a guy out of his
brain on drugs would say, but after seeing Annihilation, I'm
almost ready to convert.

TRavEL

Air travel is pretty safe in Mexico, as long as you have a
passport and don't have a gat. Road travel is something else
altogether. Some roads are generally safe. Others are only
safe during the day. Still others are dangerous 24/7. The
biggest danger is gangs whose idea of a good time is to snatch
a truck full of ignorant gringos, rape the women, then hold
the whole bunch for ransom. I hear it gets worse the farther
south you go, but it can happen anywhere in Mexico.

Don't count on your country's embassy to tell you the
safe way to travel, either. Sometimes they know, but the
locals always know. If you don't have any friends who are
locals, then you need to ask yourself if it's really worth going
to Mexico.

The dangers of the roads are considerably less if you're up
north along the border. The crooks there can make a lot more
money trafficking in drugs and warm bodies, so they don't
bother as much with the Jesse James bullshit,


PEREYRAYION

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: The Big One

Some of you probably heard rumors about the bad
bullshit that happened near Ciudad Judrez, but [haven'tseen
postings from people who were present. Soldier91, if you're
reading this, | don't blame you. Soldier set the thing up. He
contacted me, said he'd heard I did a good job in Annihila-
tion and wanted me for a big project: a daylight, full scale
assault on an entrenched compound of rots.

I met him and his crew in El Paso: maybe six hunters
from all over the place, and a few army guys — soldiers who
weren't imbued, but who'd seen his evidence and were
willing to fight. He told usall about the same thing: there was
some kind of top dog rot holed up in the middle of the desert,
about an hour away from Ciudad Juarez on the Mexico side.
Said there was a huge ranch out there, and that this chief rot
never left. Instead, a bunch of do-boy rots and blood slaves
ran errands for it. The big errand, of course, was keeping the
rot fed, which the do-boys did by scouring the city for country
tubes trying to cross over. The blood bunnies would tell
them, "Yeah, pay us a grand and we'll get you some airtight
papers. Just come out and see the boss." On the El Paso side,
they were keeping their eyes peeled for drifters, hookers,
Tunaways — people that no one misses when they're gone.

Soldier91's plan was to head out from the city an hour
anda half before sunrise. He figured the blood buddies would
be groggy that early in the a.m., and the rots would all be
settling down. Six trucks, each with three big lumps of what
he assured me was C4 explosive. The plan was to fan out the
tucks and surround the place during the day, two miles out.
Once we took our "stations," one person from each truck
would creep forward with a bomb, while another stayed back
with a rifle. If the creeper got in trouble, the sniper would
cover a retreat. The beauty of his plan (he said) was that it
gave us six chances to get to the house, and that any one of
us would have enough explosive to knock the house to shit.
So if we saw anything hinky, we were supposed to retreat and
leave one of the other guys to do it. He had radio headsets for
all of us, along with handguns, night vision goggles, sniper
Tifles, shotguns and uzis. Three guns per guy, it was crazy,
especially since the plan went off the fucking rails before we
even got near the compound.

They knew we were coming, somehow. I don't know if
itwas a leak or if that master rot could see the future or what,
but the road was mined. I don't mean with tire spikes, | mean
high explosive that knocked the first truck ten feet into the
air. When the truck went, people started shooting at us. That
stopped our convoy. Some of us were trying to turn around,
others were trying to go forward, and some were trying to
shoot back. Something big dropped on the top of my truck
and | saw arms come down and yank the other guy out
through his window, right before the tear gas hit. After that
Ididn't see shit. I just felt someone yank me out. I was too
fucked up to even fight real hard, which is probably why I
survived. Some of the soldiers and hunters I never saw again,
but when my vision cleared, I saw splashes of blood.

CHAPTER 6: NORTH AMERICA

THE PEOPLE VS. EARNEST MCGRAE, PAGE 2
| JUDGE SOO: Mr. McCrae, please approach
bench. Now, before I consider your plea, I'd like to ask |
} you a few questions.

EARNEST MCCRAE: Questions? I'm sorry,
thought that if] pled "no contest" I wouldn't, you know,
have to take the oath or, uh, do that.

JUDGE SOO: Well, perhaps if you'd engaged pro-
fessional counsel, you'd know better. You still have your
Fifth Amendment rights, but I hope it won't come to
that. I'm just trying to gauge whether you're a menace
to society. If you refuse to answer my questions, I'll be
forced to assume the worst. Do you understand?

EARNEST MCCRAE: | understand. I'll, I will
guess I'll evaluate each question as you ask it.

JUDGE SOO: Really, it's just one question. Why?

EARNEST MCCRAE: Why? You mean,

I...? Well, I guess, I just wanted to build it.

JUDGE SOO: You just wanted to build af
automatic, belt-fed shotgun with a 24 inch bai

EARNEST MCCRAE: I'm, you know, a license
gunsmith. It was, like a hobby. A challenge. You kni
It was a technical challenge.

JUDGE SOO: You already own, let me see h
Civil-War replica Gatling gun calibrated for she
shells. Says here it can fire five rounds a second...

EARNEST MCCRAE: Yeah, if you tun the crank |
fast enough, but it's not portable and it's hard to aim... |
Uh, and besides, I have a license for that, too. I'm
collector, a legitimate—

JUDGE SOO: Why would anyone need a portable,
automatic shotgun? q

EARNEST MCCRAE: The army maybe, fora war. |
I don't know. Or for wild animals. 4

JUDGE SOO: Wild animals? i

EARNEST MCCRAE: Lots of wolves out where
I live.

JUDGE SOO: I'm going to take a 15 minute recess.
Don't go anywhere.

JUDGE SOO: Mr. McCrae, appeal the bench.
Since this is your first arrest and you don't seem to be
a troublemaker, I'm going to accept your plea. I'm
sentencing you to a $10,000 fine and a month in jail,
but I'll suspend it on the condition that you see a
court-appointed counselor at least once a week for the
next 12 months.

EARNEST MCCRAE: Thank you, Your Honor.

They beat us up — maybe eight blood buddies, and some
rots who went off somewhere I didn't see — and hauled us
into the house, all chained up. Another rot was waiting for
us in this swanky parlor full of antiques, with the windows
covered in real thick drapes. He wanted us to talk, and he
tried to torture Soldier91 by putting a spike through his
hand, but Soldier just laughed, said he was a marine. So the


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

rot said "Well I'm eight hundred years old and I've learned a
few tricks." I ain't even gonna tell you what he did next,
except that Soldier started screaming like hell and a couple
of the rest of us were puking.

One of the blood bunnies said "Master, the sun..." but
the rot was too into it. Didn't notice until someone shot
through the window and nailed one of the servants. A ray of
light came through the hole and hit the rot in the back. He
hissed and fucking smoke started coming off him. He jumped
out of the sunlight, and just then one of the other captives —
a scrawny little Arab woman — jumped up screaming curses,
snapped her handcuffs and yanked the curtains off. The other
blood buddies all started shooting at her, and someone
outside was plinking them off one by one.

Soldier staggered up and was trying to do the best he
could kicking. I just wanted to get out of there, and the rot
had the same idea, so] wound up stumbling on top of him and
knocking him over. Just then, the last soldier got up and
jumped through another window — smashing out the glass
and ripping down the curtain. | barely got away from the rot
before he burst into flames. One of the blood bunnies started
crying — I saw that real clear — and then I was out the door.

I was just running like hell, hands still cuffed behind my
back, and I think I'd gone about a mile when there was a
sound like God doinga drive-by on the world. When I looked
back, the house was blown to shit. One of them — Soldier,
the bystander, the scrawny woman — must have found where
they put the bombs.

I also met the guy who started shooting through the
windows. He just fucking showed up from nowhere — bearded
guy in khaki pants anda jacket, holding a sniper rifle. He had
maybe a dozen clips for it, and two giant canteens, so he was
a friend of mine. He said ] was damn lucky to get out, and!
agreed

lasked him how he'd gotten there unobserved. "Walked,"
he said. "Started at sunset.

"What a fuckup," I said, or something like that. "But at
least we got the big one.

He shook his head. "No, you didn't. You stupid shits
never even saw the big one."

He walked me to a gas station where he'd parked his
truck, gave me a lift to town, and I haven't seen him since


UNTAMED NEWS

By Lena Parsons

Didn't See It Coming

Author and New Age personality Jillian Starbryte died Febru-
ary 3 at a signing for her latest book "Forseeing For Every Seer,"
a guide to predicting the future. Ms. Starbryte, a psychic best
known for predicting that President Clinton would be troubled by
sex scandals until he left office, had just gotten into a loud
argument with a skeptic who had called her a "fraud" and an
"{mpostor." As the argumentative customer was being led away, he
shouted back at her "If you're psychic, how are you going to die?"
According to several witnesses, she replied "Ironically" — just
before accidentally knocking over a display of over a hundred
hardback copies of her book. The tower of books fell directly on
Ms. Starbryte, knocking her into the edge of a table where she
broke her neck.

Maybe It Just Walked Away

Police and museum officials are baffled by the loss of an eight-
foot-tall statue recently recovered from Oceania. The statue
disappeared during a storm-induced power outage at the Seattle
Museum of Fine Arts, where the statue was being displayed for the
first time. Despite a framework of laser motion detectors and battery-
operated cameras, there is no evidence to indicate who stole the
statue — except for a series of wet footprints, apparently made by a
barefoot woman who was soaked with seawater. "It's a puzzler,"
said museum official Stan Greck. "There were other objects of much
greater worth, much easier to take and to resell, just a few rooms
away. Obviously, whoever did this wanted that statue. The other
weird thing is that the footprints only point outward. I guess the thief
came in, took off her shoes, soaked herself, then left."

It Takes a Rocket Scientist to Get Lost in Space

Listening to Arno Greene talk about "consciousness infections
spread through the Internet" and "mind controlling extra-dimen-
sional beings" and "escape velocity thrust vectors for human
consciousness," you might think he was a schizophrenic. In fact,
Dr. Greene (who has a Ph.D. in aerospace engineering) left a
prestigious career at NASA to pursue an ambitious personal
venture: becoming the first private citizen to orbit the Earth in a
vehicle of his own design.

"I'm not doing this just for me," he says, "But for all of
humanity. I've spoken to astronauts about their experiences out-
side the Earth's atmosphere — they' ve had visions and perceptions
that you can't explain as a simple byproduct of escape velocity's
high-G forces on the brain. There's something out there that can be
perceived directly in space, whereas we on Earth only get brief,
intermittent glimpses through the atmosphere — and, I might add,
through the obfuscation of radio and TV signals. I think there are
signals coming from outside our planet, and they're being blocked
by countries and companies that want a monopoly on the signal."
Despite his motivations, aeronautics experts insist that his design
for a "personal orbiter" is quite workable.



_ Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

bekward Forward Redraw

2@eo.9 8.9 8 2.

Subject: [ The End Is Near

To:| hunter.list@hunter-net.org

: fesorgeo160 Get.
le Mild Meeebe Messages

Copied To:

Buenos dias, amigos. | am a lanero (that's what we call persons who do what we do) from Venezuela and |
am here to tell you about the South America. Yeeha! I think Iam the best man for the job, because I speak English
better than the other Ilaneros from my home. I voyage more in my country and in other countries too. So, Lam
what you have for to learn.

I will not tell you nothing about myself, because [am uninteresting to you. Instead I will show you some of
the problemas we look at here in the $

suth America. To show, I have some things from other persons too. They
will help you to understand that the South America is not insignificant. The South America is not for you if you
have many fears. The countries have much diversity and they were always being dangerous even before the
monsters. In many places, the land will kill you before anything else. We have rain forests, the Andes mountains,
volcanoes, deserts, coastal places, tropicales in the north and very cold in the south. We also have _llanos_ or
plains where we grow cows and llamas.

You find 13 (an unlucky number) nations in the South America. From memory, | tell you: Venezuela,
Colombia, Brazil, Guyana, French Guiana, Uruguay, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Paraguay, Argentina, Chile and the
baby that is Suriname. Above us is the Central America and below us is Antarctica, but I do not recommend that
you visit to these two places.

In most of the countries in the South America, youare either poor or youare rich. If you have European blood,
you are rich, and if you have Native Americas blood or if you are black, then you are poor. The Spanish and a
few other colonizers came in the 16th century and later. They took over the land from the natives. For example,
the Great Britain once owned Guyana and the Dutch of Netherlands once controlled Suriname, but no more.
The Spanish and Portuguesos took almost everything else. Their descendants still rule many of the countries
though all of them have now declared independence, except for French Guiana. The French still control it and
consider it a part of their country, even so far away

Youcan remember, when you visit the South America, two things that will help you. First, you can remember
that many of the countries in the South America have much political turmoil that makes them dangerous at worst
and inconvenient at best. We have guerrillas that will shoot you for your watch. They hide in the jungles, mostly
because they are outlaws and they cannot live in the cities where the policia is. $

ome of the countries have more
troubles with guerrillas than others. Colombia has many of these alae and they have not fear of killing a

stranger, even an American.

Second, you can remember that the South America is still very wild. They have large sections of land where
no persons live. We have close to 350 million persons on the whole continent and that is only six percent of all
the persons in the world. Our persons cluster near the shore, near the rivers and in the valleys. They do this
because they need routes for shipment of commodities and for themselves too. Maybe is fortunate, maybe is not,
but this makes most monstrosities also go to these places. Of course, you can find exceptions.

[Next Page]

DT<]


[Previous Page]

{LAW ENFORCEMENT

The policfa in many countries does not like strangers
and especially strangers who break the law. Many countries
here have firm boundaries of what their persons can and can
not do. The military and the policfa are sometimes the same
group. In Colombia, for example, this is true. Unless you are
very familiar or very brave, you should travel to Colombia
only at your own tisk.

The prisons in our countries are not friendly. This is not
the United States where we let our prisoners watch television
and play games. Only the very rich can afford to pay for these
special privileges, and if you are that rich, then you can pay
to stay out of jail completely. Many policfa like money and
will give you more considerations if you bribe them. The cost
is depending on what you did wrong. If you spit on the
sidewalk, then you can maybe pay only a little. If you kill
someone, then you will pay much money. A secret I will tell
you though: if you have money in your pocket when the
policfa arrests you, do not expect to use it for the bribe. The
policfa will take that money even without the bribe and will
ask more.

Do not look for justice in many countries in the South
America. Some are good, si. But, not all of them. It is
depending in every country of what you did, if you are being
judged by a local authority or by the national authority, and

also is depending of what country is your home. Americanos,
it is true, do not worry so much. The world is afraid of the
USA. Many European countries too. But, if you are from a
third-world country or from the South America, then you
will find a hard time.

The policfa in our countries all have guns. They utilize
them too. Some have sub-machine guns and they utilize
those too. It is depending on the country, of course, but the
policfaare very serious and do not like criminals. If they catch
you, it is not like the American televisin shows. The cops of
the South America will beat you and, if you run, they will
shoot to kill. To argue with the policfa is a bad idea. Like
Traveler72 say, to be a smartass is a bad idea. The policia do
not care that you have American pasaporte, if you are a
smartass. They beat you and say to embassy that you runned
into a truck.

The policfa has many esclavos de sangre (slaves of
blood?) because they have so much power. In the South
America, the policfa can do anything. They can kill you and
lie about why. They do that many times. The slaves of blood
want to have the power. They also are in the military for the
power. The military often has control of the government; it
is tradition in the South America for the military to have a
coup. This occurs all the time.

Toall the world, most of the countries are repiblicas and
their citizens elect the government leader. But, some of them


are only pretending to have democracia so they can be
friends on the surface with other countries. In private,
however, they terrorize their peoples and fake the voting.
The world is tired of the poor South Americas and ignores u:
They look at the Middle East and the Balkans, but not at
Uruguay. This makes it even easier for the monsters to gain
power here. We are the forgotten continent.

RELIGION

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Vaya con Dios

Hola, amigos! PariahDogl40 is sad and | understand
him. He says that he has lost his faith in the Catholic Church
and in God: Me too, I had this happen, but I want to tell you
something.

When the Spanish came to the South America, they
brought with them Catholicism. For centuries, they made
missions and changed all the natives into slaves and Catho-
lics. They brought blacks from Africa and made them slaves
too, and Catholic. They built churches and their priests,
bishops and cardinals walked around and told the population
about Jesus and God. Although the Spanish brought much
darkness to the South America, the ones who came with the
word of God did us a favor too.

Here, we have rebelled in the 18th and 19th centuries
and now we have no slavery, but we still have Catholicism.
Someone once told me that 90 percent of all of the South

America is Catholic and that makes us unusual because we
have so much religious homogeneity. We do have other
teligions, but not everyone likes that. We have Jews and
Protestants in Brazil. We have Hindus, Muslims and Bud-
dhists in Suriname and Guyana. In the highlands of the
Andes, there are sometimes communities of native indians
who still worship the older gods, but they keep private for
themselves. I have heard of a group of Incas still living in the
mountains of Chile, but I do not know if it is true. Catholi-
cism, however, is a very big part of our culture here.

My family gave me Catholicism when I was born and
baptised, but after my imbuing, I began to see the corruption
in the church. I will never forget the first time I saw a zombi
ina priest's collar. [ almost vomited right in the street. It was
very difficult for me to forget all of my beliefs and kill it, but
Idid. Then, for a week, I drank because my faith was gone.
This same problem belongs to many of the Ilaneros in the
South America, because so many are Catholic. I have real-
ized though that we have to save the church. God is not a
monster. We are His warriors and we must clean up His
home. Many llaneros feel the same and we have banded
together for this. You do not want to think of God's home
being compromised, PariahDog! 40, but the virus has spread
even to there. We cannot look the other way.

Although the Pope is God's voice on Earth, the others,
the priests and the bishops, the cardinals even, are vulner-
able to the influence of Satan. Satan has penetrated the
Catholic Church. It only makes sense. If | were the Devil, I
would first go to compromise and weaken, maybe even
control, my enemy's agents. That is what he has done. So, I

send a message to all of you out there, and to you,
PariahDog140, who have lost the faith: do not give up. We
are the chosen who will cleanse the world of this ugliness and
make it right again for God.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: The Legend of the Llaneros

We in the South America, especially Venezuela,
call cowboys: Ianeros (pronounced ya-NAY-rows
These men and women ride horses on the plains a
grow cattle. They have a legendary bravado and
shoot guns well. Venezuela's national dance, the bi
comes from lIlanero tradition. So do the ma
small harp, and the cuarto, a small guitar. As
they have given a lot to our culture and so.
chosen, want to carry their name in honoy
Some countries call them gauchos, but dl
same thing.

EYHNICITY AND LANGUAGES

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Re: African American Concems

Hola, amigos. Today isa day of fiesta in Venezuela. On July
5, 1811, the persons of what is now Venezuela, Colombia,
Ecuador and Panama declared their independence of the Span-
iards. It is good that Shaka74 wrote that about the strife of the
African Americans in the United States on this day, because it
reminded me of how all of the history of the South America was
about fighting for freedom. We know your pain, man.

First, the Spaniards enslaved my ancestors, the Native
Americans, and then many different dictators and tyrants
tried to do that too. Every country in the South America has
had to fight for their freedoms and some have had to fight
many times. The Spaniards brought African Blacks from
their homeland too for their slavery.

Because they did that, the South America have a mix of
peoples, mostly all descending from Spanish, Portuguese,
African Black and Native American. These four types all
mingle together in the generations. We have names for all
mixtures. The mestizos are the children of an Iberian (Span-
ish or Portuguese) and a Native American. The mulattos
came from African Black and Iberian parents. Not often, but
sometimes a Black and a Native American will breed, but we
do not have a name for them. The most people are in the
category of Caucasian, meaning that they are European
descent. The reason is because their ancestors killed many of
the Native Americans and African Blacks in the fields. They
worked their slaves very hard back then.

Despite this, there are many Native American lan-
guages that personsstill speak. The most common are Quechua
in the Andean highlands, Aymara in the highlands of Bo-
liviaand Peru, and Guarani that's the second official language
of Paraguay with Spanish. Spanish, however, is the official
language of nine of the countries in the South America.


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Brazil likes Portuguese, and they speak English mostly in
Guyana, Dutch first in Suriname, and French, of course, in
French Guiana. You can talk to anyone almost anywhere if
you speak Spanish, and a lot of the persons love to practice
English, but do not expect to understand them.

As you can know, it was a very big day for us when we
finally won our independence from Spain. Many persons
died for it in the wars. So, today we celebrate those who died
for our freedom and we praise God that we are not slaves any
more. We cannot forget, however, we the imbued, that we
are fighting a new war now. We fight the war that will be
making us free of the monsters that want to enslave us, that
want to terrorize us, that want to eradicate us and that want
to tule the world without justice. We, the chosen, are the
freedom fighters now

TRAINS, PLANES AND Four-LANes

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Re: Stuck in Medellin

First, Dios mio, what are you doing in Medellin? Of all
places to go, that is the worst. Colombia in general has so
many problems and Medellin is where they manufactures
these problems. If you are smart, you will not drink the
water. The cartels own Medellin because they put some
thing in the waters that come through the pipes and it
makes the residents do whatever they want. Just do not
drink the water and you'll be fine

But, you wanted to find out how to leave Medellin. | was
in that city several years ago and | had the same problem. A
storm made the airports stop. Fortunately, I did not have the
Teeth breathing on my neck like you do.

Remember that you are in the middle of the Andes
mountains and they will make your voyage difficult. You
have three choices to travel without flying. Your first option,
you could try to take a train. | know there are trains that stop
at Medellin. The enemies may look for you there, at the
station, if they're smart, so be prudent

Your second option, you get to the Cauca River and you
buy passage on a boat. You go upstream, because your en-
emies will not think you are smart enough to do that. I hope
you do not mind roughing it. The river travel in the South
America is not the pleasure cruises of the Caribbean or the
luxury paddle boats of the Mississippi. Get some bug spray.
Trust me on this. The mosquitoes will eat you alive faster
than the demons who chase you. Also, geta sleeping bag with
the net covering on it. You'll be more happier

Your final option, you find a local farmer and you buy his
truck or you pay him to drive you. Take supplies for his truck
to break down on the highway, because it will. Your enemies
will not think you will do this option before the other two,
because the terrain is very stiff and the roads very bad. If you
have enough money, buy a truck from someone in the street
Do _not_ buy a car and do _not_ buy from a dealer. The car
will not survive the trip and the dealer will cheat you.

When you get to the border, you will have problemas.
All the countries know that Colombia makes much drugs
and they do not want the drugs to come into their homes. The


border guards will search you. Do not have anything on you
that will make them notice you. If you have to, bribe them.
You should tell them that you are a newspaper man or that
you are a missionary. This will make them nicer to you. The
only persons who go to Colombia and voyage in cars or trains
are newspaper men, missionaries and drug traffickers. It will
help you to remember that the border guards hate their jobs,
are sadists and do not have to let you into their country. They
may even report you to the authorities and then you're
fucked, because the Teeth will find you.

‘om Covomein: YiotzKzia ro Bocorazo
by Bernardo Gunther |
"Noteworthy among the quasi-criminal, quasi-ter- ff
torist gangs of the capital are the Sogamosos, named after
the now-extinct Inca empire. The Sogamosos are nearl
something of an urban legend in Bogota: While rumors
their exploits (always bloodthirsty, almost surreal in thei
violence) are ubiquitous, actual evidence of their exist- |
ence is as rare as jaguars walking the city streets."

[...] :

"They say the Sogamosos have made themselyes su- |
perhuman through some kind of proscribed ritual derived
from the Incan Sogamosos. Sometimes, as with many such |
figments of a fevered national imagination, the
have the ability to fly, or rise from the dead, or exhibit #
miraculous powers of strength or recuperation."

The Sogamosos have achieved these abilities: through |

giving up their souls. As outward signs of this, the
credulous point to the "fact" that nobody ever sees the j
Sogamosos by daylight; instead, the gang appears to
perform all its atrocities by night. Some "eyewitnesses" |
even push the rumor absurdly further, » claiming that the Tl |
Sogamosos do not reflect in mirrors."

There is possibility that you could cross the border in the
countryside where there is no guard. However, you take great
tisk when you try this. The terrain is not nice to voyagers who
do not know it and if the policfa catch you without a stamp
in your pasaporte, they will crucifix you.

Of course, if you are valiant, you can climb into the
mountains and hide until they forget you. But, stay out of the
tivers. There will be mean fish in the slow waters and the
rapid waters will drown you. Also, watch out for the snakes,
the landslides, the guerrillas, the spiders, the flash floods, the
farmers with guns, the wild boars, the crocodiles, the bears,
the poisonous frogs and the big cats with even bigger teeth
than the monsters that are chasing you. Someone has also
introduced wolves into the rain forests, which has the ecolo-
gists screaming and tearing out their hairs. Wolves are not
native to much of these forests and actually tend to clash
with the jaguars and wildcats, as you can imagine. The
ecologists have taken no action to remove them, however.

CHAPTER 7: SOUTH AMERICR

To: Re dix@hanternct org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: The Pirates of the Galapagos Islands

I find the following text in The Mysterious Uni-
verse, vol. 2, no. 11, page 56, and show it to you for you
to know.

—begin quote: 4

Visitors to and jones of the Galapagos Islands off |
the coast of Ecuador have reported sighting a spectral
pirate ship that sails between the islands on foggy nights.
A local legend warns young people to stay in their homes
and away from the shores on such nights. The legend —
states that the ghost-pirates will capture any late-night —
beachcombers and keep them in slavery for a year anda
day, after which they will be thrown into the ocean.

Many people have disappeared, over the years, ,from
the Galapagos. Authorities blame these disappearances
on drownings and say that the chilly Humbolt Current
from the Antarctic dooms the bodies to the sea, but the |
locals believe ghost pirates have taken their loved ones.
Some of them claim they've seen the pirates come
ashore and dance around bonfires with sea lions and
strange birds for companions. :

Until 1832, when Ecuador annexed the volcanic
Galapagos Islands, no one lived there. The fifteen I:
and several hundred small islands had only giant tor-
toise, two species of large lizards in the iguana family
(one a burrowing land lizard and the other an unusual
marine lizard that dives into the ocean for seaweed), sea
lions, and 85 different species of birds, including flamin-
gos, flightless commorants, finches, and penguins. Pirates
and buccaneers used the islands as a rendezvous point in
the 16th and 17th centuries, but did not take up resi-
dence there. In the 19th century, American warships
and whaling vessels landed frequently at the larger
islands, and in 1835, the British naturalist Charles
Darwin spent six weeks there, studying the animal life.
He took much of his data for his Origin of Species
(1859) from observations made on the islands. This
strange history of unusual visitors to the islands has
perhaps added to the popular belief that they have
special supernatural qualities.

Furthermore, the volcanic nature of the islands,
with their level shorelines, mountainous interiors cul-
minating in high central craters, and active volcanoes,
lends them further mystery. The periodic rumbles from
the volcanoes keep the 10,000 residents on their toes
and prevent civilization from encroaching on the is-
lands. Is it so hard to believe there might be remnants of
the mysterious universe in a remote archipelago in the
Pacific Ocean, 650 miles off the coast of Ecuador?

—end quote—-

‘They just'talkcabout ita lot You tell us llaneros here that you come and we help you. We
For the future, and I know that you are rushed forhelp, know the South America. This is not the USA where life is
so [ tell you this quickly, when you voyage in the South __ Simple. We have sophisticated cities and educated persons,

America, you always make a second or third plan for escape. ut they are like islands in the middle of a great sea of wild


UNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

and dangerous land. You must have help to get from one to
the other, or a plan, especially if you find troubles.

Good luck. When you get to some place safe, let me
know and if I can help you more, I will.

Tropicat Junctes or Rain Forssys

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Re: Urban versus Rural

Cop90 wrote:

> haven't figured it out yet, but it seems to be true. These
fuckers got an allergy to the

> countryside. Sure, you got your bogeys who hang out
in mansions on the

> outskirts of town, but even they don't like to stray too
far from civilization. I figure

> they've got their fingers in so much shit that they need
to stay near the city. Hell, if I

> were them, I sure as fuck wouldn't let my little minions
get too far out of my sight. I'd

It is the same here in the South America, Cop90.
Except for a few exceptions, most of the monsters live in or
near the cities. Of course, most of our peoples also live in or
near the cities, so where the prey go, so go the predators. We
see this in nature all the time. Not that these monsters are
natural, because they're not, as we all know, but they think
with their animal urges more than they know or would
probably ever admit.

I have, however, find several hives of zombi and other
criaturas de la noche who have taken sanctuary in more rural
environs. Many of these have formed communes with their
followers and they have helicopters to voyage to the cities.
They create little private cities with their technologies, but
in the countryside. Like the Branch Davidians in Waco,
USA, somewhat, they make their own worlds. One of them
in Ecuador, I remember, called itself (rough translation) the
Rodriguez Complex for the Advancement of Humanity. It
sounds nice, does it not? But when after a young woman
disappeared and her parents put out advertisements all over
the newspapers, we investigated and find that these humani-
tarians were in reality gathering persons like cows and putting
experiments on them. This happens a lot in the South
America because it is very easy to say disappearances were
done by guerrillas or the governments. No one pays any
attention to the South America, except maybe Amnesty
International when they are bored with criticizing their
favorite enemy that is the USA, so the lost persons get
forgotten by all but their familias.

Once we knew of the Rodriguez Complex, we decided
that we should go there to see if we could find any monsters.
We walked for six days in the rain forest to get to the
complex. We didn't want for them to see us coming. The
complex crouched on a plateau high in the Andes, and soa
helicopter and a truck would not be good. They would see us.
We talked about parachuting down in the night, but we
decided the dangers were too big. The plateau was not very

wide and we didn't want to fall off the mountain or run into
the cliffside.

When we started walking, we had eight persons in our
group. Two of them had to return to Riobamba because one
injured himself when he fell into a sinkhole. The other
accompanied him back, because he needed to help the other
man, who could not walk alone on his broken leg.

The good thing about walking through the jungle is that
the trees are very tall and very thick at the top, so there is not
much undergrowth. The sun does not come down that far.
But, in places where loggers had once cut down the trees, we
had more troubles, because there were many plants on the
ground. We chopped them with machetes. The bugs did not
like that and sometimes they bite or sting us. Once, we had
to lead Filipe for a whole day, because he was blind from the
bites on his face that had swelled up so much his eyes would
not open. It went away, but helping him along slowed us
down very much.

The jungles make you sweat all the time and when it
rains, you get very wet. It does not help the heat though,
because the rain is very short and then you're just wet and
hot. Itsteams in the jungles and if your body does not like the
heat, then you'll have difficulties. I know persons who have
died from the heat because their bodies could not sweat
enough or because they had weak hearts. You must have
water to drink and if you do not know how to get safe water
in the jungle, then you will have problemas. It is safe to drink
waters that are running very fast over rocks, but you must
never drink slow waters or waters left standing on rocks. You
can collect rain water too, but this is not always safe in the
jungles because it drops down through the trees where
sometimes there are dead animals and bugs and molds. You
have to be very careful. Sometimes, even the filtering ma-
chines that you can carry with you do not take out all of the
bad. You do not want to get the diarrheas, the vémito or the
fever in the jungle. You will die.

As we went up the mountain, we had to climb on the
rocks. In the Andes, the lower cliffs have been protected
from the erosion by the plants and so they are sharp and
treacherous. The stones are slippery with moisture and
sometimes you find mud that will slide. Also, the rocks fall
out of place when you pull on them. You have to be very
careful. The hardest part is finding the proper path to take
you where you want to go. Sometimes it is very easy to get
trapped going in a direction that you do not want to go,
because the terrain will not let you pass the way you want.
We try to find animal paths that lead up the mountain and
that makes it easier, because the animals know the best
routes. But, this is not always possible and even when it
works, the risk of running into the animals is high. We
heard the cries of the jaguar at night, and one time, we had
to climb trees to hide from a bear. Please, if you voyage in
the jungles, do not kill the animals unless you must to
survive, because many of them are endangered and we love
our animals in the South America. Even the skunks, which
have bad smells, are prized.

We gradually emerged at the edge of the jungle and
could look down at all of it. It was beautiful and in the
distance, we saw the Cotopaxi, which is a volcano that is
still alive and is one of the highest in the world at about
6000 meters, | think. We were in the Sierra region be-
tween the two spines of the Andes that pass through


Ecuador, which we call the Cordillera Occidental and the
Cordillera Oriental. The temperatures had changed from
the foothills and I was happy that I had brought my coat
in my pack.

By this time, we were almost at the complex and so we
decided to camp in the jungle and continue at night. We had
toclimb more rocks, but we thought it safer to do this at night
when the guards at the complex would not see us. As we
approached, we find some dirt roads made by their scout
vehicles. This told us that they patrolled the area and we
became more careful, staying off the tracks so they would not
find us or see our footprints in the mud and know that they
had visitors.

The higher elevations of the Andes has paramo grass. It
will cut your legs if you are not covered against it.

Ihave to go. More later, amigos. Adios!

Tue Anbes Mounrains

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Getting Around in South America

Buenos dias. It's Geo again, because I've had several
contacts from persons who are voyaging into the South
America and they have no idea how my continent works.
This general overview will maybe help. First, you have to
know that the South America have extremely varied geog-
raphy. We have jungles, rain forests, the Andes mountains
which are the second tallest mountains in the world, other
highland areas, varied coastal landscape, islands and low-
lands where the great rivers drain the waters.

The most important to you voyagers are the mountains,
because they will cause you the most trouble. The Andes run
up the western side of the continent and break into three
spines in the north, which we call the Cordilleras Occidental
(western), Central and Oriental (eastern). The Andes con-
tain several active volcanoes, even today. Many of the
mountains have snow on top that you can see from the
steamy heat of the jungles.

It is very difficult to navigate through the mountains
and, I think, this is why so many of the more intelligent
monsters build their secret places there. What better place
to hide than in the highlands? Dracula supposedly did it in
Transylvania, but now all of eastern Europe is industrialized
and more populated. The South America still have many
secret places, especially in the mountains. In the cities, you
can hire helicopters to take you into the mountains. It is
depending on where you want to go, but sometimes you can
even find a small plane to take you if there is a clear plateau
near where you want to land. Do not expect a bus service
except to go between towns. Some taxi drivers will take
you, but it will cost much money and the taxi might break
down on the way up the mountains. Again, it is depending
on where you want to go. Most local persons know the
dangerous places, because everyone talks at church and the
monsters get reputations for strangeness. The persons of the
South America have many superstitions and they are afraid.
Sometimes, they will not take you to an isolated place they
believe is cursed.

CHAPTER 7: SOUTH AMERICA

Tue Rivers

The South America have many rivers because the wa-
ters come down the mountains and drain into the valleys and
lowlands, and also because we have much rain. The rivers are
important in the transportation of goods and persons too.
Many barges go on the rivers. Some rivers have areas that are
very deep and very wide.

Inthenorth, the mostimportantriversare the Magdalena
and her tributary, the Cauca. These two rivers join to flow
northward and drain into the Caribbean Sea. By voyaging on
them, you can reach much of Colombia's interior. So much
drugs made by the cartels and their monster masters go up
this river on boats. Government patrols check boats all the
time and when they find some drug traffickers, a big gunfight
usually happens and many persons die. Once, a giant ship-
ment of coca sank in the river and it killed many fish because
the drugs leaked into the waters.

The Amazon River flows through the jungles of north-
ern Brazil, in the Amazon Basin. It drains into the Atlantic
on the northeastern coast. It is a huge system of tributaries
and branches which offer navigational opportunity into the
many interior parts of the South America. The main river,
the Amazon itself, can be used by oceangoing ships for about
3700 kilometers, it isso big. The Amazon is literally crawling
with what we llaneros call piranas. No, not the fish, but the
esclavos de sangre (blood slaves) who answer to a blood-
master and who travel in hoards, scavenging. They run
shipping companies, logging companies and taverns for the
voyagers on the river. They intimidate and threaten the local
businessmen out of business, then take all of their customers.
My friend, Juan, also has told me he has evidence that they
kidnap young persons for the debauched entertainment of
their bosses.

When voyaging by river, it is a good idea to have an
experienced boat captain. Many treacheries await you on the
Tivers, especially the falls. Because the South America is a
rocky land, the waterfalls can be both beautiful and danger-
ous. Deadly even. The water gets faster before the falls and
sometimes it is difficult to drive to the shore before the
current carries you over the edge.

Tue Ltanos

On the eastern side of the continent, we have grasslands
and plains, which we sometimes call _Ilanos_ or _campos_.
This is the places where we raise cattie and grow crops. Our
history has cowboys just like in the United States. We call
them gauchos or Ilaneros. They ride horses as a tradition,
because the Spanish brought the horses to the South America
and used them for their ranches. The llanos do not have as
much population per square kilometer as the coastal areas,
but that is because the Ilanos flood very often and that makes
it hard to build lasting structures. Many buildings here are
raised up off the ground on beams, but not all.

The grassland areas are all different, depending on their
location. Some experience winter droughts, while others
remain wet all year long. Brushfires plague the lowlands
during the seasons of drought. Crocodiles thrive around the
streams and rivers that criss-cross this area. Also, there are
many hooved animals and birds, snakes and giant anteaters.


The ranchers have chased many animals away because they
want their cattle to grow in solitude, but the animals roam
freely away from the ranches.

Tue Consruine

In the north, the coastline of the Caribbean, Pacific
and Atlantic all have tropical climates. Most of the shore in
these areas has natural beaches or ports. Resorts for the
wealthy are everywhere, especially in Brazil. These places
attract many monsters who want to prey on the clean,
educated and wealthy. They direct their businesses here
and make much money off the tourists and businessmen
who come for work. The biggest cities line the coasts where
the ocean provides transportation for goods and also, in
many places, has the oil refineries and peripheral industries
which employ many persons.

Travel along the coast gives you no problemas. The
highways go here and connect all the major cities of the
South America. On the west coast, the Pacific Highway
connects the north and the south with one long road.
Railroads also have more free access here. If both of those fail,
then you can take a boat and just sail up the coast.

Tue Gounrrics

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Re: South America

Buenos dias, Willow12. I do not have much time, as lam
to meet someone for to discuss problemas they are having in
Santiago, Chile, but | will try to answer your questions. Every
country in the South America has differences that make
them unique, but most resemble each other in the grand
scheme. They have all had European conquerors. For the
most part, they all have rain forest and interesting animals.
Travel inland is difficult, even dangerous. The governments
all pretend to have democracia on the surface, but many do
not in actuality practice it. The parts that make these
countries fascinating, however, are their differences.

Arcenring

I will begin with Argentina and explain the highlights
of the countries in alphabetical order. That will aid you in
finding the information later. The capital of Argentina is
Buenos Aires and more than ten million persons live in that
city. Argentina, along with Chile is in the very bottom of
the South America. It even claims to own part of the
Antarctic and, in the very south, it has cold winters, not
like the tropical north. I have voyaged to Argentina only
once since my imbuing, but I find Buenos Aires was a
dangerous city filled with dangerous persons. I encountered
a coven of powerful witches while | was there, who had
particular interests in the gold and silver mining. Some
friends there told me that these witches did alchemical
studies and that they had created abominations that they
had set free in the city.

Bouvia

Bolivia sits in the middle of the west side of the
continent. It has mountains in the southwest and plains in

the north and east. Most interestingly, the Madeira tribu-
tary of the Amazon comes into Bolivia and breaks off into
many smaller rivers which fan out across the plains. Also,
Lake Titicaca is up in the mountains above Bolivia's capi-
tal, La Paz. The lake sits on the border between Peru and
Bolivia, and is the largest lake in the South America and
also the highest navigable lake in the world at 3,810 meters
above the sea.

Thave heard reports from others in Bolivia that strange
things happen on this giant lake and not just that they have
enormous frogs for eating. Many fishermans there have seen
strange views on the shore, especially late at night. Many
have claimed the yeti have returned, but others say that its
the spirits come to protest the dirtying of the lake. Of most
interest, I recently got a report from a friend who said that
some persons have been trying to bring something up out of
the depths of the lake without alerting the authorities. They
have divers who go down at night.

Brazit

Everyone knows Brazil, but most everyone thinks that
Rio de Janeiro is the capital. No. The capital is Brasilia. Rio
has many resorts on the beaches and attracts great numbers
of tourists. It is the city one thinks about when thinking
about Brazil. Sao Paolo is also here, on the eastern coastline
and has tall, beautiful hotels for the rich and famous. Brazil
has much more than seaside resorts though. It is the fifth
largest country in the world, after Russia, China, Canada and
the USA. Much of my work, I do in Brazil because it has
attracted many strange things to it.

The Amazon Basin occupies one-third of the country's
surface. The inhabitants of Brazil have tamed some of this
land, but they cannot do much to the swamps and flood-
plains that stretch between the tributaries of the Amazon.
Also, large pieces of this area is covered with selvas or
tropical rain forests. The plants there are so thick that large
pieces of land have not been explored by modern adventur-
ers. Only the monkeys go in some places — monkeys and
other animals like alligators; snakes such as the bushmaster,
fer-de-lance and the boa; and puma and jaguar. And, of
course, rumors say that some very strange creatures live in
the jungles. According to local superstition, these creatures
protect it and kill any modern man who trespasses on their
territory. | believe them.

Cute

This country is like the skinny sibling of Argentina
because they go side-by-side from mid-continent down to
Cape Horn at the bottom. But, Argentina is much bigger
than Chile. In my opinion, Chile is one of the most interest:
ing countries in the South America. It has desert in the
north, tropical beaches in the west and mountains in the east
Chile also claims the Easter Island which lies in the South
Pacific about 3700 kilometers off the shore of Chile. Easter
Island is the place where all those giant stone faces line the
cliffs and look out at the sea. Like me, Chile may be skinny,
but it has much of interest to offer. Heh.

Of course, it also has its problemas too. Farmers and
ranchers who raise llama and alpaca in the Andes have had
much troubles with the Andean wolves. A recent increase in


the population of the wolves has made a food shortage for
them and they attack the livestock. Because of this, farmers
kill them. However, many persons object to the killing,
including an elusive group of terrorists who have decided to
exact their revenge in a very brutal manner. Several farmers
have had their farms burned and their crops ruined. Despite
the fact that one rancher was mauled and killed by a wolf, the
activists still have shown more sympathy for the animals
than for the man.

Cotomein

Christopher Columbus explored part of the Caribbean
coast of the Chibcha persons in 1502. It was his last voyage
to the Americas, and he got a country named for him. The
capital of Colombia is Bogota in the Cordillera Oriental.
Like most of the other countries in the South America,
Colombia has a widely diverse landscape. It has rain forests
and mountains, coastal beaches and floodplains. Despite
Colombia's reputation as nothing more than one big drug
factory, it does produce other things. In particulars, it pro-
duces petroleum. It has many petroleum refineries off the
northern and western coastlines. It also exports much coffee,
more than any other country in the world, except Brazil. The
corruption of the cartels has deeply injured Colombia over
the years, but its coffee and petroleum production has al-
lowed it to stand more on its own two feet.

It wasn't until 1991 that Colombia came into a modern
government. Before that, they still used a charter from 1886.

CHAPTER 7: SOUTH AMERICA

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Theft of the Chilean Flag

Someone has stolen an antique flag from the Chil-
i} can National Historical Museum in Santiago. | just find }
this out today. Bernardo O'Higgins led a revolution in
1818 and his wife made the flag for them to carry.
O'Higgins won and became the director general of |]
Chile. The flag had much significance to the persons of
Chile. Someone broke into the museum by force, erash-
ing doors and cases to get the flag. Witnesses sawno one
and claimed that they must have had big guns or rocket- |
launchers because the front door just flew apart all by |
itself. They did, however, report hearing a woman with j
a beautiful voice singing in the vicinity shortly before }
the theft. :

the white star for progressand honor. Oddly, in O'Higgins'
personal journals, he claims that a song sung byapeasant
fj outside his window inspired the flag. He searched for the
young woman who had sung to him, but he never find
her. Authorities and locals are desperate to recover their
fj) national treasure.


NYER SURVIVAL GUIDE

After pressure from other countries, the government in
Colombia has taken an active hand in arresting the criminal
cartels. This caused unrest and rebellions, because many
persons in Colombia earn their money by working in the coca
fields. Unfortunately, the drug trafficking, and especially the
amount of money the cartels make, has attracted many nasty
persons and not all of them are really persons. Some are
monsters. They have their hands on the puppet strings of the
cartel patriarchs. They have many layers of protection, but I
have a friend who believes that though the cartel families
may comeand go, the puppeteers remain the same. I think he
has a good point.

ECuaDOR

Ecuador is a small country on the northwest coastline of
the South America. It squats on the equator and so it gets its
name. Ithas two main cities, Quito, the capital, and Guayaquil,
aport on the Pacific which has more persons than Quito. The
Andes cuts right through the middle of Ecuador, with two
areas of plains on both sides. The Amazon Basin and jungles
occupy the plains to the east. Between the Cordillera Occi-
dental and the Cordillera Oriental lies the Sierra region of
Ecuador which has the Cotopaxi, one of the highest active
volcanoes in the world.

This country also claims the Galapagos Islands. They
were created by volcanic activity about 1050 kilometers off
the coast in the Pacific. They have flat shores with high
craters inland. Many persons go there to study the wildlife,
such as the giant tortoises called galépago in Spanish). Many
persons live in these islands too and fish for their living.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Graffiti in Cuenca, Ecuador
You will find many beautiful murals and old-fash- 4
ioned Spanish proverbs painted on the walls in the city]
of Cuenca, high in the Andes mountains of Ecuador.
Because of this tradition, you must be very careful whi
looking for the warning marks that the Ilaneros put
in the graffiti. When I was there some months
almost made a serious mistake when I missed o1
} signs pointing out an area to be avoided at a
could have walked into a snake's nest if | hadi
So, be careful when in Cuenca.

Frencu GUIANA

The French have never left French Guiana, and the
persons living there do not seem to be in any hurry to kick
them out. This is strange considering the tradition of revolu-
tion in the South America. Located north of Brazil, on the
Atlantic coastline, French Guiana doesn't take up much
space. In its south, it has the Tumuc-Humac mountains, a
name I have always loved. The French, of course, call them
the Serra de Tumucumaque. The French always have to have
their own names for things. The capital of this s

ayenne, a port on the Atlantic.

all country

The Devil's Island lies just off the coast of French
Guiana and is a part of it. Recently, the Devil's Island has
come under scrutiny by a group of llaneros in French Guiana.
T have heard through the grapevine that they suspect a cult
conspiracy there brings criminals from France. The llaneros
have watched one man for some months. They say he
worships a creature that has slept for a very long time.
Through their investigations, they have learned that he
believes his master or god will awaken soon. This man has
sent for several of his companions to come from Europe and
join him. Many of these do not have proper identification,
but have taken the identities of dead persons.

Guyane

Located on the northern coastline, Guyana looks out
over the Atlantic Ocean. It has the Pakaraima mountains in
the west, forested lowlands in the south and a strange
coastline where it is mostly below sea level. They use a system
of dams and dikes to protect it from the sea, just like in the
Netherlands. This makes weird sense, since the Dutch con-
trolled Guyana for awhile. Later, the British took it over and
many of the persons who live there today come from India.
Many still speak Urdu, Hindi and Tamil dialects.

Most recent reports that have caught my eyes talk about
a place in Guyana that the locals have begun to call the
Forest of Living Trees. [t surrounds the Kaieteur Falls, which
isa magnificent waterfalls on the Potaro River. The Kaieteur
Falls are one of the highest single-drop waterfalls in the
world. But that is immaterial, perhaps. What the reports say
are that some of the trees in the area have begun to whisper
to tourists. They say scary things that make the tourists run
away. The local authorities blame the noise of the falls and
superstitions for the phenomenon. They have forbidden the
employees at the tourist shop from telling their customers
about the whispering tre

PARAGUAY

One of only two land-locked countries in the South
America — the other being Bolivia — Paraguay has no real
mountains, only a plateau in the east that drains the waters
into many tributaries of the Paraguay and Parana Rivers. To
the west of the plateau, the land drops off sharply to fertile,
grassy foothills and, to the east, it descends gradually toward
the Alto Parané River that marks its eastern border. Paraguay
calls its western foothills the Gran Chaco. This area has
grassy plains, swamps and scrub forests that are full of ani-
mals, such as armadillos, tapirs, jaguars, alligators, snakes,
toucans, herons, parrots and American ostriches. The cities
of Paraguay are more spread out than those of other countries
because it has no mountains in the way. Asuncién is the
capital, located near the western, Argentinian border.

[have noticed lately that a llaneros in Paraguay has not
reported on her activities and problemas. This worries me.
Me and my allies here have planned a trip to go there and
check on her, but we do not know if we can do it soon. If
anyone wants a vacation in Paraguay, contact me and | will
give you the last reports I saw from her.


To: bunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Hint

Keep in mind when visiting the South America,
especially if you come from the northern hemisphe
that we are in the southern hemisphere. Our rivers floy
north and we have fall/winter from approximately Apr
through September, and summer from October throug

March. It is backwards from what you know. Of

much of the South America has very temperate climat
anyway. Also, do not panic and think that the Apoca
lypse has arrived if your toilet water swirls
counter-clockwise direction. It's okay. It's ne

This country has the most spooky terrain of all the South
America. It touches on the Pacific Ocean, just north of
Chile. Most of the land is mountainous, with very tall peaks,
high plateaus, and deep gorges and valleys in between. Much
of these mountains is covered with mist that the Peruvians
call garda. In the upper elevations, the Andes here still have
glaciers. Because of this, the temperatures in Peru vary a lot,
from tropical in the lower areas to arctic in the higher ones.
To make it worse, the mountains in Peru are not stable. The'
have earthquakes many times. [n the west, near the coast,
then land is arid, but in the east, on the slopes of the
mountains and on the northeast where the land is less
elevated, you find vast tropical jungle. The vegetation there
is very thick and dense, so most of it remains largely unex-
plored and undeveloped.

Peru has many mysteries. The Incas chose to make
their capital city there at Machu Picchu. Other Native
Americans still populate the Andean highlands of Peru as
well. The descendants of the Quechua and Aymara, for
example, do not speak Spanish. They have preserved their
ancestral customs and folklores also. The Incas spoke
Quechua, which makes one wonder if these Native Ameri-
cans still follow the traditions of this culture and just how
connected the two were

SURINAME

Suriname nestles between Guyana and French Guiana
on the northern Atlantic coast. It ha: amp on the coast,
savannas and dunes in the middle and densely forested
mountains in the south. The official language is Dutch,
because at one time, Suriname belonged to the Netherlands.
Many of its persons have emigrated back to the Netherlands.
Most persons also speak Sranang Tongo (Taki-Taki) which
is a local language that includes elements of several other
languages all mixed together.

Surinamers are strange persons and that makes the
country strange. They call the descendants of blacks who
escaped slavery long ago Maroons. Asian Indians make up
more than a third of the population, and Creoles (persons of
mixed African and Native American descent) constitute
another third. The rest is a mix of Maroons, Native Ameri-
cans, and Chinese. Almost all the Europeans have left

CHAPTER 7: SOUTH AMERICA

Suriname. One bit of trivia: In 1667, the English made a
trade with the Netherlands. The Netherlands got Suriname
and the English got New Amsterdam, which would later
become New York City in the USA. I wonder if the English
feel cheated today, since the Netherlands still has their
property, but England lost theirs

Urucuay

This country, the second smallest in the South America,
stands on the Atlantic Ocean with Brazil to the north and
Argentina to the south. It has a river that cuts it in half from
southwest to northeast, called the Rfo Negro. It has tall hills
and woodland on either side of this river and tidal marshland
along the coastline. The capital city is Montevideo, the
country's chief port.

1 have never seen so many spiders as I've seen in
Uruguay. Not even in the rain forests have I seen so many.
These are not nice little spiders either. They're large. They
hang on their webs between the roundwood trees and nest on
persons' houses. For the most part, this country, or at least
Dolores, the town where I visited, had strange persons in it
Many of them wore black all the time. It was the fashion, like
everyone was in mourning. And the persons of Uruguay do
not seem very friendly. Of course, if ] had to worry about all
those spiders, I would not be very friendly either.

Venezuetn

Venezuela's coastline faces the Caribbean Sea and At-
lantic Ocean. The country has a vast mountainous region in
the south and is cut horizontally in half by the Orinoco River
whose tributaries spread out across the lowlands. Caracas,
Venezuela's capital and largest city, has most of the country's
museums, newspapers and other signs of civilization. Ven-
ezuela exports much petroleum. The country helped to build
the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC),
which as we all know has much corruption. For that matter,
Venezuela has a long history of corruption. Military coups
occurred often throughout its history, even as late as 1992,
and in 1993, the Senate voted unanimously to have the
president, Carlos Andrés Pérez, stand trial for embezzlement
and misuse of public funds. So, you see, Venezuela has a long
history of criminals in office. This is my country, so I hate to
say bad things about it, but if the shoe goes on, put it there.

PALA CHANDe
Hort. TAMANACO
Caracas

Oratorio will be provide by the lovely guest rom [.4ma, na
Doktor [faushefers latest ero
Ley with three mouths

Latninent will be provided by


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

More recently, the country made national the banks and
gave the petroleum industry to private investors. They did
this because we had a terrible economic collapse in the early
to mid 1990s. Because Venezuela's industry centers around
petroleum, petrochemicals, and mineral products such as
aluminum, natural gas and iron ore, its cities feel very
industrialized and modern, especially on the coast and in the
foothills of the mountains. Most of the cities have vast, ugly
slums where the poor live while waiting for jobs. This kind of
environment especially attracts the zombis. Sometimes, |
feel like I cannot walk down the street, read the newspapers
or watch television without seeing some evidence of these
horrid things.

PENETRATION

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Brazilian Wildlife

I just returned from a conference in Sao Paolo. The
Universidad de Sao Paolo hosted experts from all over for
talks on geology. I do not know if I said that | am a professor
of geology at the Polytechnical Institute of Barquisimeto in
Venezuela, but this is what | do for money. Since my
imbuement, I have reduced my number of classes and I do
only research. They will not let me do this for long, because
I have had little time to dedicate to it and it shows.

The conference was to discuss the mining of ores and
minerals with efficiency. Experts from all over the South
America came, including José Francisco Béneduto who has

always talked about how the South America can become a
major exporter of these things if only they will try harder. He
worked with many countries to help them build their petro-
leum industries and stabilize their economies that way. He
has brought the South America out of the Dark Agesand into
the modern world

Imet Béneduto many years agoandhe told meto look him
up at the conference. So soon after I arrived, I called him and
arranged to meet for a drink. I went to his room, but when |
knocked, there was no answer. [ could hear strange noises
inside though, like a cat in heat. My neck felt all prickly and
I had that tightness in my temples that comes when there is
danger. For me, when these feelings begin, | automatically find
aplace of calm inside myself, as if | had an angel of God giving
me strength. I tried the door and was surprised when it opened.

"Go away," someone said inside, but the voice was wrong.
It sounded deep, like gravel, like a demon. I opened the doot
all the way. I had to, and I was right. Béneduto was on the floor,
on his back. A strange demon crouched on him, spotted like
the jaguar, with hair all over its body, half-man and half-
animal. It had green eyes that glowed with a frightening
intensity. It was looking at me, si. Its body had the sleekness of
acat, but very muscular. [t even had a long tail. The creature
had slashed Béneduto's face in neat rows, like torture. Poor
Béneduto was crying like a baby, but he did not or could not
make any sounds. The creature hissed at me, "I said, go away."
I think it was surprised when I didn't turn and run.

"What are you doing?" | asked it. I was horrified and
confused. | did not understand. The creature just stared atme
and I swear I saw emotion on its face: regret and sorrow so


deep. I pushed the door shut behind me and | stepped closer.
[ tried to reason with the poor, misguided thing, "You do not
have to do that. You do not have to fight Satan's battle for
him." It was the wrong thing to say.

The creature puffed up like a cat faced by a dog. It bared
its teeth at me with a warning growl and began to stalk
toward me. I put up my hands to show I meant it no harm, but
it didn't care. I knew then that I was about to die. The
thought ran through my brain like a cockroach afraid of the
light. The creature pounced and hit me on the chest. I fell
down under its heaviness and felt its claws dig into my
shoulder. "No!" I screamed. The demon made a noise of pain
and rolled off me.

There wasa crashing sound that I learned later was the door
breaking down, but my shoulder was on fire and I felt my
conscious mind going to sleep. I fought to stay awake and
reminded myself that I would heal, if | could stay awake and
alive. | heard explosions, like gunfire. There were legs standing
beside me and I smelled gunpowder. It burned my nose, but I was
never so grateful for it. Finally, everything was quiet and I sat up.

Béneduto was bleeding badly and there was another
man who was dead. A naked man with his face ruined by a
bullet. It was not the demon though. | told this to the man
with the gun, but he looked at me like I was crazy. Everything
after that happened very quickly. I breathed some of God's
grace back into Béneduto. A knife showed up from some-
where, I think from the man with the gun, and he put our
bloods on it. Someone had called the policia and, when they
came, we told them that the naked man had gone crazy and
attacked Béneduto. It was the truth, and we didn't have to lie
much. Only about the knife asa weapon. The policia gave us
no troubles. The naked man had blood all over him, and not
just his own. They took his body away.

After we had talked to the policia, and after we had gone
to the bar fora drink, the man with the gun told me his name
was Marcos, a chosen like us. He explained to me that the
naked man was a demon. Only what I didn't know was that
when the demon took over the man, it changed him to look
like the demon. I cried that night, for the man who was dead
because a demon had chosen him as the vessel for its evil
Béneduto flew home to his wife and three children without
finishing the conference. | do not blame him.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeol60
Subject: Advice

Isuggest that if youare voyaging to the South America
that you purchase a guide book. | believe that many good
ones are out there and they will tell you what to do before
you come and what to avoid when you get here. It is good
to have some vaccines against viruses like malaria before
coming to the South America. We have many mosqui-
toes, biting animals like monkeys, and much jungle that
likes to grow diseases. Also, a book will help you to
understand the place you will visit so that you do not feel
so lost. I can tell you many things, but I do not have the |
time to be your personal tour guide. Sometimes, though, I
wish my life were just that simple. Alas, no more.

TER 7: SOUTH AMERICA

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Jivaro Shamans

I just arrived from Ecuador and have a story to tell. | had
gone to the Sierra, what we call the central highlands of the
Andes. Between the two rows of mountains, the Cordillera
Occidental and the Cordillera Oriental, there is a plateau
where persons live. I was going to view the Cotopaxi, a
volcano that has been very active lately. Other geologists
and I trekked up into the forests to get a closer view. It was
hard going, but we eventually made it to the place where the
forests yield to highland grasses. We made camp. That night,
I began to feel that someone was watching us. It was dark and
I could not see anyone outside the campfire's light, but I
knew someone was there.

Iwasawake late because of the feeling. In my tent, | listened
very closely to the night. That is the only reason | heard the
sound. It sounded far away, but close. | remember thinking that
itwas in another room with a closed door between me and it, but
of course, we were outside. It came from another world. |
recognized the sound. It was the music from a panpipe. It
haunted the night, sweet and melodic. It made me sleepy.

Then, I heard another sound. It was a snap, like a twig,
and a whisper of the grasses. Being very quiet, | opened my
tent and looked out. Several of the men had decided to sleep
outside under the stars. | could see them in the small glow
from the dying campfire. Bending over one of them was a
Native American dressed in animal skins and khaki pants.
He carried some strange wand or something. On his head, he
had a feathered cap. His dark-skinned, broad face told me
that he had native ancestors. Later, after some researching,
I would learn that he was dressed as a Jivaro shaman. The
Jivaro live on those eastern slopes of the Andes in Ecuador
They still have shamans who they say heal the sick, destroy
the enemy and protect the tribe while in a trance produced
by the hallucinogenic drink called _natema_

suddenly, the shaman began to sing and his song dis-
turbed me deeply. It was a bizarre combination of tongue
clicks, whistles and breathing sounds like the wind. He
waved his arms over a sleeping man and, as | watched, his
body began to jump all over the place like his muscles were
full of electricity.

I must have made a noise, maybe a cry of surprise,
because the shaman turned and looked directly at me. He
stopped singing for just a minute, then he turned around in
place and stopped when he was facing me again. He lifted his
arms and began again to sing. I felt like I was going to die.
There was too much pain. It was not pleasant. I stood, but I
did not want to. I walked out of the tent and toward the man,
but I did not want to. I could not speak. No one else noticed
what was happening to me.

The shaman pulled me toward him with invisible lines
like I was his puppet. | could hear his voice in my head telling
me to, "Come... come..." And | did. As I got closer, he
teached to touch my face, but before he could I saw my own
reflection in his eyes. | had a blue, almost angelic glow
around my body. Suddenly, I saw a flash all around. A voice,
not the shaman's and not my own, said, "FOR WHOM DO.
YOU FIGHT?"


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

In that instant, | knew what | had to do. Although it
sickened me, I punched the shaman as hard as I could. I felt his
bones break beneath my knuckles and saw him fly back to the
ground. [ had broken his jaw. He looked up at me with shocked
fear in his eyes and I was so sorry because suddenly he looked
so human. He was young, not more than 17 or 18. I had not
noticed before that he was so young. | tried to go to him to help
him, to pray for him, but he was afraid of me. He was afraid of
_me_. He ran into the forest. I still have not learned why he
attacked us. I will get help before I return again.

I was too late to save the life of my fellow scientist, but
Learned a lesson that night. I can make a difference, but not
alone. It is time for me to dedicate myself entirely to this
mission that God has given me. This morning, | resigned
from my position at the university. [have some money saved.
1 will live on it until it is gone and then I will find something
else because I know now that] am Chosen. Even the Chosen,
however, need each other. I cannot do this alone anymore.
If 1 die, who will take my place? 1 came so close to dying many
times since my awakening, but, until that night on the
mountain with the Jivaro shaman, | have never felt so
helpless. Now I must stop crying long enough to organize my
fellow llaneros.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: Jim Jones Cult... Again
I have had contact from an Ilanero who lives in
Guyana and he tells me to come there because he
suspects that something strange is going on in the
location of the Jonestown massacre. He mentioned
ghosts haunting, but he was very vague. I know of James
Warren "Jim" Jones and the suicide pact he had with his
cult, but] can not find very much information. Can you
help me, you persons in America? I believe many of the
900 members of the religious cult were American, no?
In particulars, | want to know what kind of poison
the persons took (wasn't it in Kool-aid?) and also what
the Guyana government did with the bodies. Were they
shipped back to the United States? Please, anyone that
can help me.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo 160
Subject: La Portada en Chile

She was beautiful, [ tell you. She had the biggest eyes I
have ever seen. But | had to do it. She was temptation
incarnated. | oh, Dios mio | killed her. I killed her. | had no
choice. El Diablo works in strange ways and he sent her to
tempt me.

It all started with my friend, Hector. He called me. He
called me and he say that he need me and my band of llaneros.
Hector lives in Chile. He tell me that something is sucking
the life out of the persons of his village, cating their emotions.
Together, Enrique, Margucrite and I flew to Chile ina plane.
But Hector was notat the airport, so we went to his home. We
find him in front of the television, just staring.

Hector talked to us, but he didn't care about anything
anymore. He had no life in him and no vigor. I never had seen
Hector like this before. Usually, he has much energy and he
talks fast. He sings and plays guitar in a rock group. He is very
good.

Eventually, Hector told us that he was ting for
someone. We asked him who and he said his girlfriend.
Hector didn't have a girlfriend. Ever. He was too shy for girls.
Hector and [ are friends for a long time. He never said he had
a girlfriend. So I begin to suspect foul play. I explain to
Enrique and Marguerite. They go outside to watch the home
from the rented car. I waited inside with Hector. Hector
watched television.

Then someone knocked on the door. Hector went to
answer it and there was a fantastic creature there. She was a
goddess, tall and so graceful with long hair that shined like
gold. Her face was exquisite, but | knew immediately that she
was of the Devil. She bore his mark; her ears were long and
pointed like those of an ass. She sensed my presence and
looked at me. In her green eyes, I saw the world, full of sadness
and anger and a hunger for revenge. I was so entranced with
her that I did nothing and it was too little too late.

She waved her hand at me and it sparkled. It flowed like
the river, leaving. trail of stars behind it. I felt my heart burst
with love for her. Suddenly, | hoped that Enrique and
Marguerite had not seen her and would not come in. [ wanted
to talk to her. | wanted to know her. I had so many questions.

But then, something changed. She bent to kiss Hector
on the mouth and I felt jealousy like I have never felt before.
1 wanted to kill him because he was keeping her attention. |
tore them apart and she began to laugh, "Hector. You didn't
tell me you had a boyfriend." She laughed and laughed until
the sound was ringing in my ears and making my head hurt.
Hector fell to the floor. | do not know if he fell because |
pushed him or if he fell because of her laughter.

Each of her laughs peeled away the layers of my delusions
like an onion,. I stared at her and saw her face change to
cruelty. Her eyes became hard and merciless. What beauty
that she had, though, even in that state. | would have loved
her no matter what, but a man came on the television and
spoke in a monotonic voice. He said, "EL DIABLO. EL
DIABLO. EL DIABLO." Over and over, he say the same
thing. I tore my eyes from her and looked at the television.
The man was me, in black and white.

She was speaking to me, of love and of sex, but | couldn't
focus on her. The words, "EL DIABLO. EL DIABLO," kept
ringing in my head. I stared at the television. Her anger put
electricity in the air and I felt her grab my chin. She jerked
my face toward her. Her fingers felt strange — fatter and
meatier than the hands | had noticed. I had no choice. I had
to look at her. I think I said, "What are you?"

That surprised her. She didn't know I could tell she was
a demon. | think it frightened her too, because she let go of
my chin and reached into the pocket of her leather jacket.
I thought she had a gun, but no. She pulled out a mouse. A
little, white mouse. It squirmed in her hand and I watched
as she squeezed it in her fist until its blood ran out between
her fingers.


The rest all happened very quickly. I remember backing
away from her because she started to glow with darkness. I
know that makes no sense, but that is how it was. The back of
my neck started to prickle. When she pointed a bloody finger
at me, I knew then that she had magics that could kill me.

1 listened to my instincts and dived to one side. Sud-
denly, a bookcase fell over and almost crushed me. It hit the
television and made it explode with sparks and smoke.
Glass flew everywhere. | searched for a weapon and saw a
paperweight on the table. I picked it up and threw it at her.
] just wanted to stop her. I did. It hit her in the head and she
fell down.

There was fire in the home and Hector was not awake.
I had to get everyone out, but Hector had to be first. | could
not leave him, no matter what. [ dragged him out and when
it was time to go back and get her, the fire was too big. I
wanted to. | admit it. She was so beautiful. I know I could
have helped her. [ know I could have. In time

Well, I find Marguerite and Enrique asleep in the car.
They were put under a spell of some kind. But, they were
alive. They went back to the hotel and I went to the hospital
with Hector.

Hector. You should have seen him when he learned that
she was dead. He was so distraught. I began to fear he had lost
his mind because of her. He ran away from the hospital. I
followed him, because he is my friend. I tried to stop him, but
he insisted on going to La Portada. This is a place by the
ocean where there are rocks, big rocks that look like a gate or
entrance to some other world. It lies just off the shore. "La
Portada" means "the gateway

The ocean was black. It looked so cold and the water
splashed at the base of La Portada. Hector just stared out at
the rock. He looked lost, like a frightened child. I stayed
there with him for a long time, but I must have fallen asleep
a little because suddenly | wake up and Hector is out in the
water. He was walking toward La Portada. The waves came
up and grabbed at him. They were greedy and Hector did
not mind. I could not save him. | tried, but by the time I got
out in the water, he was gone. I could not see him. I called
his name over and over. I dived down and tried to find him,
but no. He was gone. The waters began to pull at me too and
I was so tired. I have to tell you that I almost gave up. I
almost let the ocean take me too. I'm still not sure why I
didn't. Only El Diablo knows, I guess.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: The Jesuit Mission

Buenos dias, llaneros. You discuss if we should call each
other for help. Me, I receive many calls like this because we
in the South America take a long time sometimes to know
that there are other llaneros in the world and not many of us
have internet. So, we are more alone and more ignorant of
the monsters. I receive one call like this very recently from
my amiga, Paula. She call because she find evidence of
another llanero in her town. She thought she was the only
one. When she tracked him down, she find his apartment a
terrible mess. She saw signs of a fight there. In his mess, she
also find some papers where he copied down some Ilaneros
signs from the walls and wrote some notes by them. Also he

made some remarks on the papers that show he was looking
for the person who made the signs. He even knew she was a
woman, but he did not know her name. So, Paula calls me
and asks me to go help her.

Marguerite, Enrique and I rode in a plane to Paraguay
to the town of Fuerte Olimpo. Paula came to greet us at the
airport. She drove us back to her home and we looked over
the notes together. Marguerite find a clue first. In one
corner of a paper, the llanero, Miguel, had written, "Jesuit
reduccion," which is the word for the 17th-century Jesuit
missions where many Native Americans settled. The mis-
sionaries educated the natives and they lived in peace,
farming and praying. These peoples learned to sing and play
music in praise of God. The Spanish king, Ferdinand VI
betrayed many of the missions when he gave the land to
Portugal in the mid-1700s. The Native Americans were
sent back into slavery after the missions closed, but some
fought back. Both the Jesuit priests and the native converts
fought against the Portuguesos. This was named the Gua-
rani Revolt. So, now today, most Jesuit missions stand
empty and falling down. The Jesuits have rebuilt some of
them, like the one near Fuerte Olimpo.

So, because we are logical, we decided to visit the
mission. We drove into the countryside where we find
nothing but tall grasses, swamps and scrub forests. The sun
was hot that day and it made us uncomfortable in Paula's
car. On the way, we discussed how we would get a look
around. Enrique suggested we sneak in, but we decided
that was too dangerous, and we didn't know that the
Jesuits had any connection to the mess in Miguel's apart-
ment. Marguerite wanted to say we were converts, but I
didn't want to lie to the priests. So, Paula says that we
should just say we are doing research and ask to look
around. We all agreed.

Before we reached the mission, we begin to see their
fields of corn and wheat. And then the beautiful mission
itself appeared before us from behind some trees. The
mission had a stone wall around the grounds and all the
buildings were stone too, with some stucco facades. They
all had Spanish decoration and the church had a large bell
in the tower. As we drove to the gates, the bell rang. We
saw numerous Native Americans in the yards who ran to
the church when the bell rang. A man in a priest's collar
came to meet us in front. He said his name was Father
Cornelius and welcomed us. He was very helpful. We
talked to him for a few minutes. He gladly answered our
questions, though we didn't mention Miguel yet. | think
he believed that we were researchers, but Paula had to lie
when he asked why we were researching. She told him we
were working on a movie script

Soon, we heard beautiful music coming from the church
and Father Cornelius said the choir practiced there. We went
in to see. All the singers were at the front pews, standing.
They sang very well. Some were priests, but the rest were all
Native American. As we approached, I began to feel very
emotional about God. The songs were in Latin and I know it
alittle. They talked about the glory of God and how one day
we would all return to him. They told of angels that would
lead the sheep to their reward. They brought tears to my eyes,


"UL 195 2, UpjNos Aaya pue
sastueqes 942 Uo INYs pawuUTE|s 10p 9U0 eYD ATUAppns asneraq
JOOP ay) Sulpeas sear ay Yury. | "sapis sry 2@ yno swue sty
qu apejd ut Ajmoys Surauids sem anbuug reup paonou | ‘94a

92U0 I SUONDANIp |e UE YEN
0) pay4a J "und Aw posy | 240}9q Suoy payyap usaq pey younys

{ut Jo J9UI09 ay Jo ano pu

SI] ‘susisap yam paidaoo suns pue saqo4 aduens ur passasp
‘s19YyIO ULYI 9WUND JIOW OOP aUo Ysnosy] "a2e]d poos
BUI IOU aM af "YAY? 4AUIO AuDAd JO INO aWED AY,
"suONDaNp [Je UL TyBIs ya
ajdueia v axam am os au Surdej syDeq TOYA YALA Poors avons
AW pue anbuug "Joop yoy ayy premo wry [Ad o1 BULAN
sem pue puey aya Aq jansiyy paqqeid pey vjneg "Buidurs
idoy pur aut pasous: oy> oyL "aupIp at ‘asuudins Aw or
inq‘s1ued aonpoad pjnow sup ayBnotp | Buypt9> 9yp ae a pary
pug un8 Aw ano paynd | uoym pip as0w uaad pue ‘uondau1p
sno Ut pauum sade [eaaag "Appin 198 On pey | Mauy | ‘9Idund
pue anjq jo 1481] Surpsims & Yat Mops Or Udaq ay Udy pue
‘peay siy ur y>eq paj]ou sada sty Udy pu Buos s stoyd aq ay
1UpIp IY? spsOmM Bus 02 UIFaq sasaud aya yo auo Mes | Udy
ing ‘punosd pasdes stp Burpyap 10} aur dAt310y pos ALpy
"s10o]09 jeoieur
‘s10}09 anaa slay) pamoys Aayp pur [Lag 9y2 YAM aozaWUIOD
pey pey uorssiw siya ur sasoud aya yey2 iqnop |]e Iso]
Appinb | "pres sem 2ey puersiopun 2,upfNod | ang ‘saotea
pastes awos pavay ] "say wim wry Surdaey uo parsisut
eng "Ajooru Aeme uny 2422 02 para pue jansipy apisaq dn
pamoys Ayuappns sisatad jesaaas asnedaq ‘aun a]aI] pey 24g
‘wiy qin Apamb payer pue uny oy dn paddaas ayg "wry

Yai qoeIUOD apew pey yg "oq asnUI AT Ys YP pazipead |
*ejneg 2e YyDeq poyoo] pue powni ay Uy AA "O29UEI] ISO] INO
"anBiyy sea 31 4! apuoM o3 URsag | "2>8} sty UO sasinag ay
yum ues aya puryag asnf sem ays rey paztpeaa | OY aya
yoiem 01 pauam pur dn poors ejneg "sadead oy ayy
‘BuiBurs doy,
HoYp ay] "29N0U 01 10U papuareld | ing ‘aUODWIOS or pa]eU
-Bis 9] "snoaaU UdAd ‘Ud]TL AsaA pouldas snyaUsOD JoYAeA
"zeae s,ui341 A ay Ie aNUIW v.40} AvId O1 y]9UY PUL YDINYD ay?
passoud ejneg ‘aiuanszeyy 01 wayp passed ay pur paonou pey
| s8uryp ays anoge anbuug pyor Apainb | "smjausog s0yIe,4
PIP Og "29y payorem | pur Avme y]eM 03 pores pey ejNEg
‘paddors Aayp "woyp ae aysiens paxoo] | Uaya anq
‘moys 01 pawuaas Aaya aeyp WOWOW e1O} YYBNOY | ‘aWeIIOOP
ap OU! paawed sjoquids aueoue ‘eLNUEFUN pey AuENyoURS
yp JO apis BUO UO JOOP Y *92¥} SIY 4940 ]]e sasINAg pey 19UIOD
Tey OY) UT UBUL YY "Ad9]8 YI Ie APA] & pamoys I LOD s asad
3Pe|q sty sapun anys pas ve uO pey yoeq ay) sedu asad y
ssuaSULIIS JBYIO pad!0u pue YoY punowe payxoo] | "aw jo
Maze auLed9q ay Ng ‘}N;INLAg os ASME svar a1 IeUD Aes O1 PIL
] BSuoum sea SuryrAue jt payse pue aut or paueay sn1pous0>
saypey asnedaq asidans Aur pomoys aavy isnus 93ey AWW
"91WM UI ]1O JO ‘sauNy aUT]Os!
Jo ‘saaemieay o¥!] — Nour sy punoz se ap ur yaw
"dour aduBNS aWOS pel FuUIBuIs ose sea OYM ‘OIINPUOS
ayp aeyp way paonou | "ensnun RuryAue so} punoze payooy |
pue ‘ysnoyp a2ii0u pip | "yeu Aw jo yoeq ay2 Ie sajBuN atp
20130U 2 UPI asoUN]e | YD A]|NJLopuoM Os Bus 10YD ay]
"way? Uo IDaya
awes ay pey 31 IY? Mes | ‘sIaYIO yp IV paxoo] | Udy" pue


The next thing is that one of the satanists threw a candle
at Enrique. The candle hit him and ignited him. It burned

very fast, with a strange blue color in the fire. I threw myself

at him to try to knock him to the ground. We fell down
together and I swear I saw the fires in his eyes, like they were
burning inside him too. "Go," he said. "Take Marguerite out
of here." I think he knew it was too late for him. He screamed
then, in pain. The sound was horrible, not just a normal
scream. It seemed to hold all the pain in the world. The
satanists find it more painful. Many screamed with him and
some fell on their knees or doubled over and vomited.

I looked up and saw that Marguerite was just standing
there, staring down at Enrique and crying. A satanist was
stumbling toward her, trying to get his hands on her. |
hurried then and grabbed her before he could, pushing her
aside. I shouted at him to stop and he fell down. Something
flapping at the edge of my vision took my attention and I
looked. It was a banner, but strangely, it had the words,
"LEAVE NOW!" When I looked again, the words were
gone and all the banner had was a Latin benediction.
Enrique was convulsing on the floor and | knew he would
not be alive much longer. [ did not hesitate. | grabbed
Marguerite's arm and began to run toward the exit. I said a
prayer for Enrique as I went.

Paula had gotten Miguel out the front doors, but she
didn't look well. She gasped for breath in a strange way
that made me nervous. Marguerite and I left the church.
The situation got worse then. Maybe they didn't want to
defile their own church, I do not know, but when we got
outside, all Hell broke loose, as Cop90 says. A dust
cyclone rose up off the ground and tried to blow us off our
feet. Miguel and Paula fell down. Marguerite had awak-
ened from her shock about Enrique a little and | didn't
have to drag her so much. We went to Paula and Miguel.
] saw then that Miguel had a stick in his arm. The dust
cyclone was picking up sticks and pieces of wood and
throwing them at us. The pieces of wood cut us all, but in
a way, | was glad for it. The satanists couldn't come near
to us in the cyclone. I think they were just waiting for it
to tear us to pieces, which it almost did.

We were all bleeding from cuts and a sharp stick pierced
Marguerite's thigh. I had to carry her to the car. When we
were there, though, we discovered that the car didn't work.

The satanists had broken it. That made me angry. We
couldn't stay there, but had nowhere to go.

Paula was breathing normal again. Suddenly, she
shouted, "Over there." I saw it too. There was a bus parked
on one side. Paula said, "I can get it started, if you distract
the witches." So, | agreed. I leaped out of the car and started
shooting with my gun. I was angry and I called them many
names. [ tried to make as much noise as possible and make
the cyclone follow me so that it would hide the others from
sight. I was hurtingall over. | couldn't see very good because
there was blood in my eyes. I was scared, but [ had to keep
going. If I couldn't save the poor peoples there, then I'd at
least save my three friends. Later, | thought, | would come
back and clean the place completely. Of course, at that
time, I was not sure if 1 would be alive to come back, but I
kept going.

They were coming again, from everywhere. All the
Native Americans had gone inside, Magic colors were flying
everywhere, but they seemed to stay away from me. One of
the satanists, I saw, had his arm shrivel up. It was strange.
Another had his magic fly back at him and it made him
scream in pain. They started to back off. [ think they
exceeded themselves. Maybe we were more tough than they
thought. Something began to frighten them. I could see it in
their eyes. The cross on top of the steeple was glowing as
bright as the sun.

"God!" I shouted. "Save us from these devils!" When |
invoked His name, some of the satanists seemed hurt, so |
continued. "Your tricks cannot harm us, devils!" | shouted
and shouted. It was mostly nonsense, but God stood firm
beside us. I made it back to the bus which Paula had started
and we drove away fast. They didn't follow us. I do not know
why, but I think we hurt them.

Marguerite lost much blood. So did Miguel, but | helped
to fix them witha Divine Kiss of Life. We all rested at Paula's
apartment. Much later, we find out that Miguel had discov-
ered the coven and had followed one of their demonic
priests. They had caught him and tortured him, trying to find
out how he knew about them and if anyone else knew too. He
is very happy to know that there are other llaneros out here.
He and Paula will make a band. Later, we will go back and
clean the church.

Poor Enrique died a hero's death. I believe he saved us
all. His name is to be revered among us forever.



Backward Forward Redraw Stop BR} Homepage History Printing Save

= Email Program

Subject: | Enemy at Large

To: | hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From:| dictatrix 11

t
Moshe Mesttyes

Copied To:

Sometimes our opponents get away

No matter how good we are, and some of us are very good, we do not get all of the monsters. Sometimes we
just have to pursue them over and over again, and sometimes we die, leaving a trail for others to follow. | have
researched net archives, personal communications and every other form of record I can find to assemble a list of
the creatures that have been most difficult for us to stop.

Ifa creature is on this list, it has escaped (or killed) at least two different imbued individuals or groups. Most
of these creatures have some means of travel, and have appeared on more than one continent (Although not all
of them have done so.) Do not take chances. Go after these targets only after gathering experience with "easier"
prey. Then plan thoroughly; reconsider your ideas, and gather yet more experience. Measure yourself against those
among us such as Doctor! 19 or Traveler72. Are you more skilled than Cop90 or faster than Cabbie22? If not, leave
these creatures to others.


Monsters y rue Numpers

The statistics given here draw on the information
presented in the Hunter Storytellers Companion. If
you don't have it or prefer the write-ups in Hunter's
Enemy chapter, simply replace the various power sources
such as Pathos and blood points with Willpower, and
proceed accordingly. Make the monsters' mechanics as
complex or as simple as suits your chronicle.

Players are discouraged from reading creatures'
sidebar profiles. They contain information for the
Storyteller's eyes only.


CHAPTER 8: THE MOST WANTED

Tie Canate

>>>Namh Truang, in issue #7 of APA-Imbued, the amateur
press association for hunters; transcribed to hunter-net<<<

[Yes, "APA-Imbued" is a fanzine for psychotics and para-
noids to exchange their fantasies; Truang's a strange one. But
finally hismadness paysoff. Thisis important. Just take anything
_else_ he says with a grain of salt.]

Myattitudes about children formed during the Cambodian
civil war. As a college student, I was myself a target of Pol Pot's
soldiers, and we learned early on that children were liabilities,
notassets. Even today I can scarcely look ata child making noise
(be it laughter or crying or anything else) without wanting to
shut itup by any means necessary. Perhaps when I'man old man
I'll be able to go to public places without looking over my
shoulder for assassins.

Naturally, the damned presence in my head wants me to pay
attention to children. I still hate them, but I can't ignore them.

Last month I went toa professional conference in Prague.
The last time I'd been there, the Cold War was still on, but
discussing the overall changes in the post-Communist Czech
Republic isn't my point. The real issue is what happened to me
when | went to the Mucha Museum. (If you want to see my
slides, we can make arrangements.) On the steps outside |
noticed a group of a dozen or so children, ranging from pethaps
eight to twelve years, walking along in a close formation. They
seemed unusually solemn for such a beautiful evening, but
nothing ek

bout them stood out. Their features suggested the
usual eastern European mix of ethnic influences, nothing un-
usual for the metropolis.

But the voice in my head shouted "THE CHILDREN DO
NOT WALK FREELY." Wonderful, I thought, so have them
take off their shoes. Still, I practiced the techniques for concen-
tration I've learned.

I've survived stints in prison camps. I've tended to the
victims of many kinds of torture. In my work on co-generation
power plant maintenance, I've seen blighted hellholes on three
continents. Suffering holds few surprises for me. This thing that
Isaw with the special sight chilled me to the bone. On that warm
spring night, on the busy but peaceful streets ofa city I love, I felt
a despair and rage such as I haven't felt since the day teenage
soldiers gunned down my parents.

The children were dead. That was no surprise; the voice in
my head keepsshowing me the living dead. They were also fused,
front to back, into a sort of human chain. Their necks were all
broken and reset, one angled to the left, the next to the right, so
that they could all see. Their arms flailed randomly. Their legs
moved in robotic harmony. Their eyes, though — their eyes still
showed some lingering trace of humanity. Whatever did this to
them didn't simply use their bodies, it used their minds as well.

I started to charge, then realized that I had no idea what I
faced. Sol invoked one of my aura tricks. The human centipede
radiated as if it were a vampire. That made no sense to me; |
assumed that I'd done something wrong. I steeled myself and
prepared to cut the children loose. That's when the voice
reminded me "THE OTHERS SEE BUT DO NOT SEE." For
once it had a point. Just what would the good people of Prague
think about a Cambodian man flailing away with a knife at a
group of normal-looking children?

The last child in line turned her head to look at me. She
alone showed expression. She _laughed_at me, and spoke in
German, "Fix this, meddler." Then she and the bodies grafted in
front of her ran off with a supernatural speed and disappeared
down a side street. I sought after them for the rest of my trip and
found nothing.

>>>R.M. Klimuy, in issue #8 of APA-Imbued<<<

Since receivingMr. Truang'sreport, several ofusin thearea
have searched Prague and nearby cities for the thing he de-
scribes. We've found it four times, twice in that city and twice
in Bratislava. In each case it presented itself in public and
taunted us when we became aware of it. | myself made the last
of these sightings, and had the opportunity to speak to it.

I was able to strip it of enough power to hold it in place for
afewmoments, butnone of my efforts to separate the controlling
intelligence or to provide fresh vigor for the captive dead
children succeeded. The thing spoke to me throughout the
process. As my immobilization began to wear off, it summoned
unenlightened police officers and apparently instructed them
mentally that I'd attempted to molest it. Only the careful
bureaucratic influence of our own Heather Iniston enabled me
to avoid detainment or worse.

The thing describes itself as an endless child seeking
playmates. According to it, the bodies fused onto it actually
enjoy the experience. | compelled it to speak truthfully and got
the same answer; apparently its delusion issincere.  wasnot able
toestablish the truth of its captives' lives. Beneath the gibberish
about souls and essences, there must be a pragmatic truth that
accords with dialectical materialism as extended by the insight-
ful Dr. Reich. (Perhaps an early member of our fraternity?
Something to research.) But that truth seems lost. None of the
captives achieved sufficient self-awareness to express them-
selves to me either verbally or mentally, but | was able to resolve
a distinct consciousness-pattern for each one, and all appeared
not just reanimated but suffering ongoing torment.

I hope that one of our kind has better success with the
thing. Never have I encountered an entity so deserving of the
epithet "monster."

The child-mistress of the Centipede is indeed a
vampire. She's been dead for at least 400 years. Each of
the children melted into her chain of segments caught
her fancy while still alive; she arranged for him or her to
die of disease or simply waste away for want of desire to
live, then bound the child's soul into its body, stole the
body, and added it on. A segment lasts up to 10 years
before becoming so decomposed that it must be dis-
carded. She leaves the bodies lying wherever she cuts
them loose; they become forever-unsolved cases in local
police records. (Careful investigation turns up a pattern
of such corpses appearing one to three times a decade.)

The mistress and her "playmates" (the latter of which
radiate a barely perceptible suffering to users of Discern or
Pierce, or perhaps even Insinuate, Becalm or Witness)
travel throughout eastern Europe by compelling truck and
bus drivers to transport them. The vampire has no real
understanding of the modern world, and simply enjoys all
the bright lights and interesting sounds. She once encoun-

HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

ieied a sakuer and tortured him to deaths Shes since jeks
to draw out others, to find out what these new people are
about. She'd love to have an imbued child as a "friend."
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3 (except to hunter
second sight), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Abilities: Alermess 4, Athletics 1, Awareness 3, Brawl 1,
Dodge 4, Linguistics (Eastern European Languages) 3,
Stealth 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2, Survival 3
Willpower: 6
Blood Points: 13
| Health Levels: Bruised/Hurt, Hurt/Injured/ Wounded/
Mauled/ Crippled/ Incapacitated
In addition to powers appropriate to vampires of
| middling overall potency, the Centipede demonstrates
| some special powers of its own.
| Veil of Life: The Centipede's controller uses this
| Power to project images of the children as they appeared in
| f current surroundings. The children
d deach other, often ina line and always
ach other. Second sight or a percep-
mn is required to pierce this illusion;
and decayed, with fleshy tissue
ting ways. There is no blood-

it's always active.
entipede gains three extra yards of
umber of turns equal to current
point spent. Each point spent
ich of those turns, as well. Extra
‘to one feat only; multiple
yonents cannot be performed

} within arm's rea
tion edge such
the children app
connecting them
point cost for this
Fleet Footed:
movement per turn,
} Willpower, for each
f offers an extra action it
} actions must each be
feats such as attacking two:
ina single extra action. —
ler can induce a
d victims. Imposing

eo which cannot
be soaked, to the pai Roll her Willpower rating

ij against the victim's own in a resisted action, difficulty 6. If
# the controller wins, ictim dies in 10 days, minus one
I for each final su ieved. This power works on only
children with who vampire has made contact for at
least two weeks. Hi normal adults and children not
| "prepared" are it o the effect.
Attempts to save a disease victim require resisted and
| extended rollsmade between the vampire' 's Willpower rating
and adoctor's Intelligence + Medicine, difficulty 6. One roll
is made per day. The first to achieve eight successes in the
days remaining of the patient's life prevails. Respire and
Rejuvenate do not normally counteract an imposed disease.
Each child-segment of the Centipede has
three health levels (Injured, Wounded and Incapacitated),
whereas the controller has eight (listed above). A segment
reduced to Incapacitated simply falls off rather than slow
down the remainder of the being. Segments suffer no
wound penalties. Two levels of lethal damage inflicted to
fleshy connections separate ts. All segments sepa-
rated from the controller fall lifeless, the trapped souls

i} usually "plays" with fewer.

difficulty. The controller is remarkably good at mentally

released. (The bodies decompose over a matter of days.)
The controller can keep up to 20 segments connected, but

Strikes aimed at segment connections are at +2

commanding her segments to whip around in unison, but
it's not perfect. She takes a -1 penalty to her dice pool to
dodge and to perform other precise, quick actions for every
five children connected (rounded up). Segments can grab
and claw at enemies within reach, with a Brawl attack pool
of three dice. Use the controller's 3 Strength to inflict
bashing damage through a child. A segment's attack is
considered one of the controller's actions in a tum.

The vampire can tear herself loose from all segments
by sacrificing two turns in which she does nothingelse, and
she inflicts three levels of lethal damage to herself in the
"process, which can be soaked. She does so only when
Peecatcred with erection.

Tae ProvcrsaProes

Physician's Field Report #22

Those of you who read my dispatches know how bad itis
here in the northeastern reaches of Sudan. So you may be
wondering why I'd report on a town of seemingly happy people
as the greatest menace I've yet encountered.

1 entered the town of Seven Wells as part of my routine
sweep of local slave markets. (See my General Issue Reports for
a full discussion of slavery in eastern Africa and what you cando
about it, even though no Western nation wants to confront the
issue.) At first I hoped for the best as the people seemed
prosperous. Perhaps the local guerrilla conflict had been settled.

Then I approached the town square and witnessed two
living-dead feastingona human being. Townsfolk calmly walked
by as if nothing were amiss. | am aware of the effects the
supernatural can have upon normal people, striking them mad
and sometimes oblivious, but then I saw an event which
confirmed that something far worse was at work. One of the
walking dead reached out and grabbed a woman speaking with
agroup. The woman fell and the others turned away as if she had
never been present!

I confronted and destroyed the creatures, again without a
commotion. They were easy to dispose of; they seemed to expect
me to be docile and learned too late that | was not. As I sought
answers to the town's mystery, night fell. I encountered two
creatures I believe to have been vampires feeding on pedestrians
in plain sight. Again, as soon as the victims were trapped, they
seemed to simply disappear to the people around them. | destroyed
the vampires as well, then sought out acquaintances for answers.

It soon became clear that some force prohibits all people in
the town from witnessing anything supernatural — even moreso
than is usual for the veil of lies the supernatural create. [hadnever
seen creatures display themselves so openly until I came here.

[had heard reports that the recent monsoon in Bangladesh
appeared to have an otherworldly element. That might be the
root of events here. Indeed, when news of it came on the
television, my hosts thought that the TV signal had gone out.


Apparently they could see the image again only when the
program turned to other news.

Idonotknow what causes the blindness, but! hope that my
above report makes the potential threat clear. Where this
phenomenon takes hold, monsters of all sorts prey without
threat ofanythingexcept us. Ourspirit guides protectus. Butcan
we protect entire communities cursed this way?

A bane, a spirit of twisted destructive entropy, is the
f} source of the town's extraordinary supernatural "blindness."
It thrives on people's inherent tendency to overlook the ff
supernatural, and intensifies the effect to attain more suste-
nance. The spirit does not contact or compel other creatures
to take advantage of its influence, but those that discover the
phenomenon can exploit the effect to its fullest, creating a
symbiotic relationship between spirit and other monsters.
Creatures partaking of this freedom may not understand it or
even care about its source. The more intelligent or discerning
investigate and make use of the liberty, but are still cautious
of dangers that remain in the world.
Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 0, Stamina 0, Cha- I
H risma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0, Perception 6,
Intelligence 1, Wits 4
Abilities: Intimidation 3

Willpower: 8

Health Levels: 10

Blinding: The spirit can infect a region's inhabitant
} with the inabilitytoperceive anything supernatural. The only
} beings immune to this effect are hunters (Conviction need

not be spent) and other supernatural beings. Any normal
person who enters the tegion is affected; no notice is

any otherworldly activity or presence. Hunter

ceived, but their edgesare never noticed in use, by any means.

Apersonremovedfrom the region regainshissenses, but
loses them again ifretumed. A human victim still in the area
can be freed of the blindness overa series of days in which he

f} isconfronted directly and frequently with the supernatural, in
an effort to deprogram the subject. Roll a subject's Willpower
against the spirit's Manipulation + Intimidation in a resisted
and extended contest, difficulty 6. One roll is made each day.

If the subject is the first to achieve six successes, the illusion
is broken and he behaves like anormal person again in the
presence of the supernatural (that is, he may be driven in fear
fromit, butatleasthesubconsciouslyacknowledgesitandhas jf

} some form of survival mechanism against it). Attempts to I

} deprogram a group of people requires that they remain f
available for days of effort and confrontation. (Remember,
they believe everything isnormal, so they undoubtedly resist
being held against their will.)

Possession: The bane possesses a town well and spreads
its control through the drinking water. It can be seen through
second sight as a dark oaze roiling out of the well. [t can take
damage from edges that normally affect ghosts, but suffers no
wound penalties. Although the spirit has no means by which
to harm attackers, intelligent creatures in the area that under-
stand how the spirit operates may come to its defense; all
supernaturals in the area of affect hear a high-pitched keening
as the bane signals alarm. That sound alone may attract
monsters intending to put an end to the disturbing noise.


HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

& TieScarcu

>>>Dr. Jose Lee; transcribed to hunter-net<<<

I'd hoped to escape this torment, to ignore how the world
had changed and take my family somewhere safe. Instead, here
lam among you again, with a new danger that | cannot resist.
Perhaps I could, but this danger comes from an old friend.

Some of you may remember my fellow anthropologist, the
late Chang Jesus Anfei. He was killed, I believe intentionally, in
a gun fight between Sendero Luminoso bank robbers and
military police three months ago. He was a hostage.

I saw him again yesterday, while taking my parents for a
walk in Salazar Park.

According to my information, Chinese communities
are fairly common in South America. Political persecution
and economic opportunities have apparently drawn immi-
grants to destinations throughout South America.
Established neighborhoods in cities from Lima to Buenos
Aires rival those in San Francisco and New York for size
and prosperity.

— Dictatrix11

On some levels, it didn't come entirely as a surprise. We
have, | believe, all dealt with enough revenants and revived
corpses to know that unresolved passions seem to drive many
souls to emulate life. Chang was nothing if not passionate in his
dedication to improving present-day Peru, as well as to trying to
understand its past. His death was horribly unjust. Were |
inclined to spiritualism, he's one soul I would certainly expect to
hear from again.

Yet it's one thing to guess at the _real_ way of things, and
another to see them demonstrated in the form of someone you
knew and cared for. My parents remarked how the man in the
rumpled suit bore a remarkable resemblance to poor Chang. In
amoment of surprise and bewilderment, I performed the trick of
concentration that dispels protective illusions. | saw him for
what he was: a corpse. | pardoned myself with a story about my
pager. Thank goodness it remains half-magical to them, suitable
for all sorts of excuses.

I maneuvered through the crowd to escape their line of
sight and approached Chang. His dead flesh bore a number of
tattoos: the Chinese characters for "seeker," "wisdom," "heir"
and others I couldn't make out. Warily, I slipped in front of him
and spoke his name. He looked up, completely without recogni-
tion in his flat eyes. He scanned me from head to toe and spoke
in precise Chinese, "You are not of the pure line."

"I do not understand," I said, more confused than ever.

"You have diluted your heritage. You cannot possess the
Mandate. Youare of no concer to me. Remove yourself, so that
I may continue with the search."

I started to reach out to touch him. He picked me up with
one hand and threw me a full ten feet. Even with my extraordi-
nary healing, it took me several moments to catch my breath.
When I recovered, he was gone. There was a lingering smell
unlike anything else in the park. I gambled and followed it, out
of the fashionable district and into old Chinatown slums. After

Pn a

two hours, | found Chang again, peering through the windows
of ground floor apartments. His eyes occasionally flashed a vivid
jade green.

I tried to speak with him again. I agreed with him that] was
not what he was looking for, but argued that I might be able to
help him. | know that sometimes the walking dead voluntarily
release the world if their obsessions find resolution, and I hoped
very much not to have tokill my friend... again. In fitsand starts,
he claimed to be "First Thunder," returned to Earth to complete
the mission chronicled in_Romance of the Three Kingdoms_,
Now, | am not deeply steeped in Chinese literature, but that was
one of my favorite tales as a child, and there is no character
named "First Thunder" in it. | began to remark on this, when he
angrily interrupted.

"It is a plot! The wicked unrighteous heirs suppressed the
truth to end the triumph of virtue. The emendators will pay
along with the usurpers!" He ranted in this vein for some while.
From what I can gather, he seemed to search for the virtuousheir
of the Han Dynasty — so as to rebuild Chinese glory?

I asked him why he was here rather than in China. He
explained that this was where the "Dao" had sent him to begin
his work. He would, he claimed, make his way throughout the
world. If the righteous heir were to be found in China, he'd
already be on the throne. Therefore, the Dao must have hidden
the heir away from threatening eyes. | merely pretended to
understand. The whole event had the quality of a nightmare. [
was tempted to disassociate myself from it all, disengage my
emotions, but | suspected that if made one wrong maneuver, I'd
have to fight my old friend.

Asit happened, I did not make the mistake. As I questioned
him, he continued his baffling search. We turned a comer by the
Ch'ing Dynasty restaurant. His face contorted witha roar of anger,
something like, "The invader cannot prosper! The purity of the
Han must triumph!" As he ran, his body appeared to change
almost into jade. He seemed heavier, too. (You can see his
footprints sunk into the asphalt, if you can get past the police lines
today.) His hands burst into flame, and when he smashed in the
restaurant window, the _glass_ burned along with the wood.

I made several futile strikes at him with powers of my own.
He slapped me away and I must have fallen unconscious. By the
time I recovered, he was gone. The restaurant was in flames. Fire
fighters had removed seven people, myself included. Several
died inside. The bodies showed signs ot powerful blows — on
had actually been folded in half. The police were already at work
ona story involving drug-crazed terrorists. | left them to it.

That's my story. I have here pictures of Chang taken just
before his death; he looks much the same to our sight. Please help
me find and stop him.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2 (to normal sight),
Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
} Firearms 4, Intimidation (in jade form) 4, Investigation 2,
H Occult 3, Stealth 2, Streetwise 2, Survival 3
| Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7



HUNTER SURVIVAL GUIDE

Tie Wreener

>>>Documents excerpted and uploaded to hunter-net by
Pilots6<<<

[Sep. 7] FAA analysts refuse to comment on the alleged
statements by Bernard Diehn, 40, the co-pilot in yesterday's
OWA Flight 219 crash near Los Angeles International Airport.
Recordings leaked to the press have Diehn screaming "My
family's peace!" just before the plane entered a steep dive and
moments after it left the tarmac. A spokesman for the airline
refused to comment on whether Diehn's history included any
treatment for mental illness.

[Sep. 11] Yesterday's explosion at Nairobi Airport is sus-
pected to be the work of terrorists. Officials confirm reports of
the pilot shouting, "My family's peace!" just before an explosive
device of undetermined nature destroyed the plane's cabin. The
death toll may reach as high as 500.

[Sep. 30] It is incumbent upon air-safety officials in the
Americas and Africa to investigate and end the recent wave of
apparent suicide attacks against commercial airlines. The air-travel
industry must regain consumer confidence in the reliability and
safety of the services it provides. Whether terrorists are using mind-
altering drugs upon crew members or passing themselves off as pilots
islessimportantthan the simple prevention of these incidents inthe
future. The situation must be resolved immediately.

{October 19] Police continue their investigation into the
murderof FAA crash investigator Frances Heyburn. Ms. Heyburn,
a 12-year veteran of the service, expressed concern to her
supervisor the day before her death about an apparent intruder
at the scene of the West Grove crash site. The West Grove
incident appears to have been part of a recent wave of suicide
attacks against airlines on two continents. Ms. Heyburn's super-
visor, William Losse, says that airport security is being stepped
up significantly across the country.

>>>Notes from Pilots6<<<

Frances was a good woman and a good investigator. I had
met her several times. With her death, I knew that whoever or
whatever was taking planes down was within reach, and was for
me to deal with.

Amazingly, it virtually came to me. I attended Frances'
funeral when _they_ got into my head again — something like,
"THE MIND THAT CONTROLS DOES NOT LIVE."
Startled, I changed the way I see things and spotted it: A ghost,
I think. A black guy dressed in weird robes, this spirit inside
someone's body, sitting there in the church. I wanted to go at it
right there, but I couldn't during the funeral. I waited till the
service was over. The thing made its puppet get up and look at
Frances in her open casket. I think it _smiled_!

That was about all I could take. I crouched between cars in the
lot and waited. Most everyone had left already. It eventually came
out. [ran up and swunga tire iron at it. Got a couple of good hits in,
but then it kicked the shit out of me. Last I saw of it, its puppet got
into a car and drove away — fast. | couldn't find it again.

The spirit that causes planes to crash is the ghost ofan
African-American slave, part of an Ivory Coast tribe wiped |
out by warfare and disease in the 18th century. Until
recently, the spirit itself remembered nothing of life except |
bondage and torture, and then the suffering endured be- |
yond the living world. However, when some awesome force |
# thrust the spirit back into the world of the living, it set out
f on.a vengeful course. It is now fixated on destroying means
of trans-Atlantic transportation such asairplanesand boats,
} in bitter memory of its kidnapping and relocation during
Ht life. The spirit does not discriminate between its former
i home, Africa, and its imposed one, America — both are
j subject to attack. Someone who can identify the spirit's
} obsession and somehow prove that slavery has been abol-
ished in much of the world might lay the ghost to rest.

As far ro eae the spirit has focused on

imposed to whatever body is pos-
, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Charisma 2,
ce 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 2,

| Manipulation 3,

} Wits 5 i

| Expression 2,
Survival 2

2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
s 3, Melee 3, Subterfuge 2,

¢ (or other vehicle).
oo penalties are suffered by

the spirit itself

Host Protection: The Wrecker can absorb some dam-
age that would otherwise affect its current host body. Spend
two Pathos to add the Wrecker's 5 Stamina to that of the
| host for soak rolls for one scene. The Wrecker can even use
its Stamina (but not that of the host) to help a host body
f soak lethal damage. This trick cannot be used against an
ff attack that harms a host and the spirit simultaneously.
Possession: Spend one Pathos and roll the spirit's
} Willpower rating, difficulty of the target's Stamina. For
each success achieved, the spirit can occupy the hostforone
day without access to the host's specialized capabilities; the
spirit travels dormant within the body. Or, the host may be
possessed for 30 minutesforeach success, during which time
the spirit imposes its own Attributes, Abilities and tricks |
upon the host (all of the spirit's Traits and capabilities may_
beused through the body). Hunters with active Conviction.
are immune to possession attempts. If Conviction can be
activated while the Wrecker does possess a hunter (when |
it's presence is of the passive variety rather than active), the |
spirit's influence may be severed temporarily or the spirit |
could be expelled completely (Storyteller's decision). See
the Storytellers Companion for further information
possession, and for any other tricks that you'd like to assign
the Wrecker.


ft
)

the only place er
and ghosts. They
orld! Fortunately, so are hunters. We
monsters everywhere. But unless hunters can unite,
our weapons, knowledge and tools will be lost with
each of us, Together we stand, divided we fall

They Better Ryn

The Hunter ney Guide is the source on stalking
monsters and living to tell the tale. This book
Updates hunters on their fellows activ
It spreads the word about the most dangerous game

ight
efeat the enemy. Not only isthe Survival
Guide full of story ideas for any chronicle, it puts
hunters on the alert for monsters still at large,
pethaps even in your own hometown.

Snel 7 Y,

ie etme) dys Von al) in

NP
