# File: Swashbuckler's Handbook.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

High Adventure and Intrigue for
Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade


THE '
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK @


" - if THE a
| i) SWASHBUCKLER'S SARC
; HANDBOOK _ | Bf

Credits

Writing: Phil Masters and Phil Brucato, with Rebecca
Moss

Development: Phil Brucato

Editing: Nancy Amboy

Art Direction: Rich Thomas

Art: Dennis Cramer, Jeff Holt, Mark Jackson and Guy
Davis

Cover Art: Mark Jackson

Front and Back Cover Design, Layout and Typeset-
ting: Ron Thompson

Sorcerers Crusade Game and Concept: Phil Brucato

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension
and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Pub-
lishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Mage the
Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Trinity, Crusade Lore, The Swashbuckler's
Handbook, Castles and Covenants, The Book of Crafts and Dark
Fantastic are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

Bonisagus, Diedne, Tytalus, Covenant, Quaesitoris, Mythic Eu-
rope, Faerie, Regio and Cult of Mercury are trademarks of Atlas Games,
are from the Ars Magica game and are used with permission. Ars Magica
is a trademark of Atlas Games.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these
pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes.
All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and intended for
entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com;
rec,games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.

alt.games.whitewolf and

Special Note

No kings, queens, spies or bodyguards were harmed
during the production of this book. The carpets, however,
were itreparably torn and the chandeliers will never be the
same again.

WHITE WOLF

ARTRAUS

What is Arthaus? It's White Wolfs newest
imprint. White Wolf's mission has always been
to create art that entertains ; White Wolf Arthaus
is the embodiment of this ideal. Modeled after
small press, the Arthaus team strives to create
those games and projects that are new, experi-
mental and unique. White Wolf Arthaus now
manages whole game lines, supports others and
creates specialty projects whenever possible.

ees — = Ve
pO OVERS


IES: THE
=| | SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK

Cable of Contents

= a, Prelude: Caesavio Dances
BYE Introduction
Item, Sirst: The Age of Masks
Item, Second: Masters of the Danse
"My. Item, Chird: Hearts and Blades
: Item, Fourth: Honeyed Words and Bitter Poison
Appendices


| Prelude: Coesneio Dances

By Phil Masters

In the midst of a crowded ballroom, lit by

a thousand candles, Caesario dances.

_ observers sense something wrong
seeming, but none would swear that the
clothes are not silk, the mask not best velvet.

In a world where wealth counts for much.
but the seeming of wealth counts for much
more, Caesario dances.

Caesario has danced with three ladies this
evening, and he has been contemplating the
question of further partners. Now, however,
he is distracted. Something has lodged in the
sive of his shoe. and it's hardly possible to
remove such a thing in public with any grace.
Making an excuse, he slips away from the
dance and quickly extracts the problem, which
proves to be a scrap of parchment. tle reads
the worrs written thereon. and does not
return to the ballroom.

Most of the men at that dance would be

lost in the servants quarters of this great :

house, but Caesario has no difficulty finding
a staircase. Soon he arrives at the room the
note mentioned. Swiftly, he. steps insire,
closing the door behind him before his eyes
adjust to the dim light cast by a single candle.
Then, he pauses.

The woman facing him across the room —
and across the large, plump bed it holds —
wears rich, dark blue satin trimmed with
silver thread and narrow bands of Lace. The
dress is fashionably padded at the hips, and its

neckline cuts interestingly low without being

gracelessly flagrant. Adark

rk cat' s~mask sur-

rounds her eyes, glittering with tiny beads,
e tlowever, to Caesarios eyes, the seductive

have never been too proud to learn,"

Christina 8 Acoli replies, "and I learned —

months ago that a crossbow is more convine=
ing than a knife, and more tactful than a gun.
You, contrariwise, never learn anything. This
cannot be the first occasion you have blun-
dered into an ill=chosen bed—chamber-

"True, he says. smiling just a bit under-
neath his mask. "Out my nature has also
brought me to a great many pleasant beds.
"Now. are you done with talk?"

"Not yet." The woman's voice is firm. I
know that you have put much effort into
gaining admittance to this house, and the lure
of the silly wives of knights has never made
you work so hard. Servant-girls are more
your level."

"You wound me, my lady:

"Not yet. Its evident that you are here
for the sake of your purse, O "Noble yet
"Despicable Fool. I would know who has hired
you, and for what.

"Oh, I would venture to guess that we're
both seeking the same thing. Milaty >' Acoli."
Caesario crosses his arms with a casual air
and lounges against the doorway with mag-
nificently counterfeit ease. "Out rather than
see you disappointed, or have to worry about
that crossbow any further. I am prepared to
forego my claim.

4

ect of the costume is ruined somewhat by
man holds, pointed at his


eee ee ee

_ in competition. "Besives, you have more-of a

' know where the other was, so there would be

-

Christina > Aeoli does not twitch. "And
T should trust you?

"Think of it as a test. At worst, we are

talent for keeping friends than J, so T deduce

that Tam likely outnumbered at this feast, Ca
i mhis pose against the ,

tale crossbow and the

ide, old friendand we del.

stairs a little while? We would eac

no danger of betrayal."

Christina smiles.too, in reply. "You forget
— unlike you, I'can learn. T ve been spending
much time at court of Late, and Ihave learned
the pleasures of the savored moment. "Out
now I can delay no longer, and you have told
me all I need to know"

And with that. she fires her crossbow.

Emerging from the bedchamber a moment
later, Christina hides the crossbow behind a
wall hanging, then takes a momentto ensure
that her dress is arranged correctly. Glancing
carefully about, she walks through the corri-
dors of the upper part of the house until she
comes to a Window shed noted earlier. There.
she pauses and waits calmly. The window
overlooks the house's herb-gardens, which
are lit, albeit dimly. by a scattering of
torches and the candles in the ballroom. That
ballroom, in turn, lies directly below
Christina's chosen place.

Caesario, meanwhile, swears a series of
exotic oaths beneath his breath. The crossbow
bolt bears a broad, wickedly barbed head. and

has caused considerable damage. Having pierced

S

the sleeves of both his tunic and under-shirt,
the bole embedded itself in the wooden wall-
panel at his back, neatly restraining him
while Christina left by the secret door behind
her. By ‘the cime he tugs ‘himself free.

still young. ao

~The Fool, however. is unprepared for the
next problem he encounters. As he stands on
the threshold of the ballroom. arranging his
arms to hive the rents in his sleeves. Caesario
sees anoble reveler — one Lor Delamore by
name — striding his way, So far as Caesario
can recall, he has never given the man offense,
but Delamore's expression has something of
that unmistakable, outraged-husband look
about it. Further, the nobleman has buckled
on his sword, whereas Caesario wears only a
dagger at his side.

Caesario swears another muttered oath
and. turns away, adopting the manner of a
dancer strolling out into the garven for some
cooler dir: te is sure he convinces the few
onlookers who notice him, but not, he guesses,
the burly swordsman posted in the garden.
Evidently, the angry nobleman has sealed
this trap with his largest toady.

Caesario saunters up to this new problem
wearing his best winning smile, but all he
receives in return is a scowl.

"Parvon me, my lore... he begins, and then,
as the man looks back at him blankly. he
buries his knee in the fellows codpiece. The


2

uardsman grunts, and Caesario follows that
tow with a fist to the fellows nose. Caesario
has always prided himself on his. uncanny
knowledge of the human body: he may be
lightly built, but he knows where to strike.
As the uard stumbles, Caesario
whips the big fe
bard. Just in time, he turns around to face the
y 3 for gotten is dignity and

Spat

if nobleman steps forwa. kes a
convincing feint to Caesarios head, then,
launches a low stroke at Caesario's unpro-
tected leg. Fhe Fool, however, passes back
away from the feint (and around the groaning
bruiser): in the dim light. avoidance seems to
be the best tactic.

"O@ I dance with your wife earlier?" he
ventures, if so, I assure you that...

The nobleman throws a chest-height
thrust that Caesario parries. Inwarvly, the
traveling player groans. tis pretty excuses
were delivered in avery special' style, taught
him by one of the finest strolling actors (and
libertines) in all France. Yet the nobleman
ignored them utterly. Caesario sees that he
will have to deal with this opponent in the
conventional manner.

Fortunate
too. Thus it is that, borrowed blade in hanb,
on a lawn not made of grass, Caesario dances.
Each step he or his opponent takes crushes
chamomile beneath their feet, and so their
glittering dance is soon engulfed in a soft
scent of herbs.

His opponent launches attack upon at-
tack, which Caesario repeatedly sidvesteps.
until the Fool fights with his back to as much
open space as the garden provives. "Nimbly

ws sword from its scab-:

Ly, he's well versed in this art, *

evasive. Caesario begins to retreat before the
cold fury of his opponent's blade. At length.
he comes toa wall against which climbing
roses grow, and then-he can retreat no
further. As Caesario sidesteps once again,
thenobleman''s blade cuts rosebuds from their
stems.

For a moment, the fighters Separate.
Caesario drops his guard and breathes nee
"Can we not talk like sensible men?" he

Lamore responds with a driving sword-
ks were Dimes ets rather
properly parried. slips aside. The noble's
Word—point snaps against the brickwork. "I
30 ey to be most reasonable, Caesario says
with mock regret as he throws an upware cut
to the nobleman's chest. The angry man
dodges. but the Fool's sword-point carves a
crimson line across the noble's ribs.

"Please lec this end our quarrel, Caesario
asks with a lightly reasonable voice. "Come
inside, good sir, "We can have some servant-
girl bind your scratch, then share a good
strong drink and have a laugh at the follies of
all good men."

The nobleman shakes his head. bull-like,
and raises his damaged blade. Something dis-
tracts him, then, and he glances for an instant
towards the house. In that instant. Caesario,
who has realized that this fight can only end
with a death, drives a simple thrust into the
nobleman's heart. :

The nobleman gurgles faintly. then drops
face-first into the rosebushes. Caesario looks
down upon him, wiping his borrowed blade and
reflecting that one trained in aristocratic
schools of swordplay should avoid fighting in
poor light and on the uneven surfaces of Lush
herb gardens. Then he hears thick footsteps on
the lek behind him, and curses himself.
Spinning, he anticipates the toadys dagger
coming at his ribs.

6

oe


For a moment, Caesario is startled when
the man stops, twists, and falls ten feet away
from him. Then he hears the echo of agunshot

_ from the direction of the house. Staring into

the light. he spots movement in an upstairs

window. Then. seein sfigures pes and

ssbow in hand.

being made your assassin, Milby d Acoli,"
he declares.

"You were never that, Christina replies.
"Te was most essential that you were nothing

of the kind. My Lord Delamore had a taste
or amulets of protection, which he thought
guarved him ‘gainst magic, and also warned
him of those who sought his life. Unfortu-
nately, hed found a skilled maker of such toys.
tad he ever seen me, he would have known to
seek my head at once. "Whereas you borehim
no malice until he tried to bury his blade in
you.

"wAnd his amulets warned him the mo-
ment you aimed your pistol at him, confusing
him long enough to hesitate? Oh, very clever,
my lady. Caesario's Voice drips with sarcasm
and faint respect. It had been a good trick, at
that. "I doubt that he was hard to provoke
against me.

that you neither wi

Now, at last, his smile sii 5. De dislike

"That's rarely hard with anyone, Caesario.
Beneath her blue cat's~mask. she allows
herself a smile. Of course. had I not realized

life, I would have
OG erently — but you

fy

he dance, ate

peburigs Nere now ee

"I always enjoy a dance, my lady ¥ Acoli.
Ah, well." he sighs, ‘the searchers will be
scattered and tired and easy to avoid by now,
so I will depart. And cast-asive that frown.
sweet Christina — we have both achieved
what we most sought this night, save that you
still deny my love. "Perhaps next time we
dance?"

"With that. not waiting for a reply.
Caesario steps to and leaps out the nearest
window, catching the branches of the tall tree
growing just outsive. Looking upwards as he
clambers down, he sees a crossbow bolt bury
itself in the branch six inches above his hand.

Christina, he reflects. is indeed a fine shot
with that weapon nowadays.

Or that, at least, is what he hopes.



INTRODUCTION

WL

APRS) ord Gaspar wore rich black satin and a
44) doublet of fine calfskin. An intricate pat-
tern of flower motifs wove itself across the
leather; in the flickering light of the banquet
hall, those flowers caught shadows and sent
them skittering across the alchemist' s chest.
One spidery hand raised a goblet to the Lord's thin lips, and he
took a satisfying draught of the wine before addressing his host.
"I quite sympathize with your difficulties of late, chancellor.
Inmy own province, I had many troubles with the witch-folk and
their gypsy cousins for some time. I finally brought the realm
under the firm control of Our Lord through some tender minis-
trations and a not-unfortunate bout of plague." Lord Gaspar
met his host's gaze across the broad oak table, and his eyes told
far more than his words would do. "I found it most interesting
that those who pride themselves so deeply on the arts of healing
had not mastered even the most basic forms of hygiene. When the
sickness came, it took them down like poisoned rats — due, in
no small part, I am certain, to the detestable sties in which they
live."

The host, a chancellor of advanced yet vigorous years, had
not himself bathed in over a week. But by the standards of the
time, his opulent house stood as a testament to cleanliness and
splendor. The candelabrae shimmered with fresh polish, and the
gold plates glowed like small suns beneath the cooling dinner
grease. Silent servants drifted across the scrubbed stone floor like
phantoms, always attentive, never intrusive. The man himself
held court with easy but complete control. Unlike many noble-

Lookes and woordes may be, and oftentimes are, false witnesses.
— Baldesar Castliglione, The Book of the Courtier

ZN

men Lord Gaspar had encountered, this chancellor betrayed
very little with either words or gestures. Like a fatted but vigilant
tomcat, he watched everything but rarely stirred.

"A wise man," said the chancellor, "never wishes plague,
even upon his enemies. Yet when that fell horseman breathes his
deadly gift upon the land, better that it should fall on one's
enemies than on the innocents entrusted to our care." Gaspar
noted the red coral embedded in his host's golden necklace, and
the ruby ring that glittered dimly in the candlelight. The chancel-
lor, he noted, was no fool, and understood precautions against
poison or plague.

"I understand," the host continued, "that you yourself
study sickness, and have turned your not-inconsiderable gifts
toward curing fouled humours and deadly airs." The chancellor's
voice held a faintly mocking tone, as if to underscore the fact that
Gaspar's studies included the brewing of poisons and the breed-
ing of plagues. The alchemist caught the hint, and was admittedly
impressed. His deeper studies were not a matter of common
knowledge.

"Thatis true," Gaspar confessed, downing another draught
of wine. His own black jet ring darkened one pale and slender
finger. "The misfortune of the witch-folk became a boon to my
research. I learned a great deal from the plague victims before
their eventual demise; in time, I even formulated cures to protect
more honest folk from sickness."

The chancellor noted the unspoken offer. "Such protec-
tions, I should imagine, are quite expensive."

Lord Gaspar nodded.

f——


: BS THE \\, = ah
ist SWASHBUCKLER'S
> HANDBOOK =

"But worth that price."

Lord Gaspar smiled. "To protect one's charges from mis-
fortunes such as this is always worth the price."

Behind Lord Gaspar's chair, a figure waited in the shadows.
Blackened steel rested beneath an equally dark cloak, and
strange disciplines concealed his presence from the guest. So far,
Lord Gaspar had not seemed to notice this assassin, Gareth by
name. But the figure stood motionless, even so, waiting for his
lord to give a sign that would terminate the conversation.

The sign never came. "Perhaps," said the chancellor, "we
should discuss the terms of such arrangements... and talk further
of this unfortunate sickness that overwhelmed your enemies..."

Lord Gaspar cocked a brow agreeably.

".,.80 long as the costs of your research are not too dear, of
course."

"I think," said the alchemist, "that we can discuss satisfac-
iy tory arrangements. As we both know, the cost of science is far

lower than the cost of superstition."

; The chancellor grinned. "And we are both men of science.
#7 Let us speak...." So saying, the host gestured slightly with his
goblet. Lord Gaspar returned the salute.

And in the shadows of the banquet hall, Gareth noted his
lord's signal. The visitor should not be killed — not yet, at least
— but would bear watching. Gareth stifled a surge of disappoint-
ment; it would have been a great pleasure to kill the alchemist,
and it worried Gareth to hear his lord discuss "purchasing" a
sickness. Still, the chancellor had always done well by his
retainers, and Gareth felt honor-bound to stand beside his lord.

For now.

But the chancellor, like his guest, would certainly bear
watching.

A Rich and Courtly
Vintage

Treachery, like fine wine, flows freely through the halls
of power. And where soft words conspire, sharp steel waits
just out of sight, like a dagger beside a goblet of gold. The
European Renaissance is a banquet of such delights, and a
magus who would share tables with rich and highborn folk
had better keep his own wine and daggers close at hand.

Despite the dreariness of the real-life Middle Ages and
Renaissance, the era seems hopelessly romantic to modern
eyes. The pageantry of bared swords and brocade provides
a welcome contrast to the plastic chaos of our everyday
lives. By this point, though, we're all too familiar with the
usual parade of medieval cliches — the clang of broad-
swords, the armored knights, the muddied hovel that all
Europe became after the fall of Rome. The banquet of
courtly adventure, on the other hand, provides wine of a
tastier vintage. Although our old medieval standbys still
provide plenty of enjoyment, the real fun starts with the

intrigue and high fashion that begin in the Renaissance and
carry through into the Age of Reason — with the dance of
sharp blades and sharper wits that marks a truly swashbuck-
ling era.

"Swashbuckling" describes an adventure genre epito-
mized by courtly backgrounds, conspiracy, high stakes,
grand style, rapid swordplay, daring deeds, binding honor,
anda fair helping of sex (real or suggested). The term comes
from the sharp sound of blades against a buckler, a small
shield preferred by warriors who favor freedom of move-
ment over heavy protection. Thus, "swashbuckler" has
romantic connotations of fast fights and flourished
bladesmanship. In a wider sense, the image evokes the
dance-parry-strike of courtly duels; such duels may be

fought with steel, of course, but more often the weapon of 4 ‘

choice is a pointed word or stealthy dose of poison. To fight
with a buckler, literally or otherwise, one must be fleet,
witty and skillful. Broadsword-wielding hulks might domi-
nate the battlefield, but the swashbuckler prefers a more
refined arena which allows him (or her) the freedom to
close, strike, and dodge away. Hence, a swashbuckler is an
adventurer, a daring bravo who trusts his hide to skill and
fortune, rather than to dull metal and the whims of Mars.

These swashbuckling adventures have a flavor all their
own, a heady mix of style, trickery and graceful violence.
Although such adventures can take place anywhere, a true
swashbuckler feels at home in and around the court. Any
crow-feeder can hack his way across a battlefield, but the
delicate gamesmanship and sudden reversals of highborn
politics demand quick wits and a ready blade. Eight times
out of ten, you can't just haul out a sword and kill someone
in a court or manor, so matters must be handled with
more... delicacy... than force. Which is not to say that such
matters are not deadly. Au contraire! Whereas the solider
gambles with his own fate in single combat, the courtier or
merchant prince tosses the dice with dozens, sometimes
hundreds (occasionally even thousands) of lives. It's not a
game for fools or cowards, but can be more rewarding than
a pile of gold coins... if you live to collect the reward, that
is.

This rondeau of treachery and swordplay is not unique
to the Renaissance, of course. The dagger-politics of Rome
and China and the literally Byzantine affairs of that city
belong to earlier eras. But an unprecedented combination
of art, commerce, technology, religious conflict, moral and
sexual license, political intrigue and magickal skullduggery
sets this age apart. The Borgias, the Medicis, the Order of
the Dragon and the affairs of merchant-princes keep the
courts and graveyards full; affairs of the heart, the throne,
the purse and the chapel turn Christian gentlemen (and
ladies!) into back-stabbing fiends. Add the secret rivalries
of the Traditions and Conventions, the hidden lodges and
the black magic cults, and you have a simmering brew of
delicate terrors.


INTRODUCTION

hn

So how does one run these damn stories? All roleplayers
are familiar with the conventions of sword and shotgun, but
how in the bloody hell does a 20th-century gamer invoke
the treacherous pastimes of 15th-century princes? And how
{ does a Storyteller draw her players, often sated by orc
gizzards and machine-gun battles, into the genteel tiger-
dance of masqued balls and stolen kisses?

That's what The Swashbucklers Handbook is all

about.

How to Use Chis Book

Although huge slabs of the Sorcerers Crusade rulebook
emphasize the social side of the Dark Fantastic world, and
whole groups (most notably the Ahl-i-Batin, High Guild
and Ksirafai) are dedicated to magickal guile, most of us are
so used to raw physical violence (at least in gaming) that it's
often hard to plan a story that doesn't involve wholesale
slaughter... or at least large amounts of collateral damage.
We want, in this book, to show Storytellers and players how
torun chronicles in which a poisoned cup is just as fearsome
as a fireball — and often far more effective in the long term.
We want to inspire our audience to think outside the usual
plotlines and head-on tactics of conventional fantasy gam-
ing, to add a bit of treachery's fine wine to the ale of
common ass-beating.

Which is not to say that physical violence doesn't play
a part in a swashbuckling game — quite the opposite. As
anyone who's seen the dueling scenes in Dangerous Beauty,
Rob Roy, Zefferelli's Romeo and Juliet or the Michael York
version of The Three Musketeers can attest, swashbuckling
violence is more graceful and dramatic than any massed
cavalry charge. (If you haven't seen these films yet, rent
them ASAP; if you have, rent ‘em again.) The dawn of
fencing has only just begun, but the slim-sword style is
beginning to catch on, especially in places and situations
where a broadsword would be most awkward. Add magick to
metalsmithing, fighting techniques and physical prowess,
and you have a graceful, unpredictable yet utterly ruthless
art of war.

Oh, yes; and don't forget about sex. This is the heyday
of mistresses, courtesans, Papal orgies and demonic seduc-
ers. With the rise of fashion and luxury and the collapse of
medieval austerity, the Renaissance provides a heady play-
ground of masques, revels, Black Masses and backroom
fornication. Art and artifice conspire to make passion a
virtue, and countless people respond.

The swashbuckler's table has plenty of room for women,
too. Although men rule the battleground of brute force,
women call the shots in the bedroom; in many ways, this
new libertinism allows women several avenues of power.
And they take them: From Lucrezia Borgia to Veronica
Franco, many ladies choose passion over chastity, and profit
from it. By weaving a thread of temptation, a stitch of
betrayal, a cloth of guile and filigrees of ruthlessness (and
perhaps some magick to sweeten the design), a woman can
wrap a whole stable of men around her fingers — and look
damned good doing it! For those women who would rather
gut a man than seduce him, the deadly fighting arts, poi-
sons, enchantments and betrayals of the setting offer a
strong woman a fighting chance against her rivals. Some
disguise themselves as boys and master forbidden skills;
others simply say "To Hell with convention" and prove
themselves any man's equal — or better! — by sheer
determination.

In short, swashbuckling is all about being graceful, &
stylish, clever and deadly. And what roleplayer isn't inter-
ested in that?

Like a treatise on courtly etiquette, our Handbook is
divided into the following chapters:

* Many people (even gamers) have an image of the
Renaissance as a poofy-sleeved extension of the Middle
Ages. That impression is hardly true. Item, First: The Age
of Masks describes the maze of history and behavior that
defines the swashbuckler's stomping grounds, and addresses
the flamboyance and high spirits of the next several centu-
ties.

© To play a game, one must have players. Item, Sec-
ond: Masters of the Danse offers a selection of factions and
character-types (for Storytellers and players alike) that
befit a swashbuckling adventure.

¢ Item, Third: Hearts and Blades describes Ars
Cupiditae, the magickal-philosophical discipline mastered
by courtiers of an Enlightened bent, and details the tools
and enchantments employed by such agents.

¢ In Item, Fourth: Honeyed Words and Bitter Poi-
son, we examine the classic bits and courtly plots that give
a swashbuckling adventure its special flavor.

© Finally, several Appendices detail a selection of
stunts, weapons, courts, gatherings, and inspirational sources
for your gaming pleasure.

Enjoy the banquet. Just be careful of the wine....


~

a
ay

a v a ch ve co)

bad Adds


ITEM, FIRST:
THE AGE OF
MASKS

he chancellor's chambers nestled in a part of

the castle Maria had never visited before —

she was, after all, still new in this service.

Her directions to them, though, were clear

enough. Ghostlike, she slipped into the room

and placed the goblet on a table by the old
he had never been this close to him before,
either, but she was careful to do no more than glance at him as
he looked at the goblet and nodded acknowledgement.

She was nearly out of the door when he spoke.

"Wait, girl."

She could' ve pretended to have missed the command; he had
not raised his voice. It would have been the wisest reaction.
Later, she would puzzle over to why she stopped and turned.

"My lord?"

"Youare new, are you not, girl? By what name do you go?"

"Maria, my lord."

The old man smiled slightly and nodded again. Then he
reached out, and took up the goblet, raising it to his lips...

Dazzled thus with height of place,
Whilst our Hopes our wits Beguile,

No man marks the narrow space

‘Twixt a Prison and a Smile.

— Sir Henry Wotton, Upon the Sudden
Restraint of the Earl of Somerset

...And taking only the smallest possible sip before he set it
down.

"Ah. Hemlock" he said with another smile, "I suppose
that's a jest — and false garlic, and belladonna... Hold her,
Gareth."

Again, the old man had not raised his voice; nor had Maria
heard anyone else enter the chamber. But as she turned to flee,
she found herself facing a muscular young guardsman who was
blocking the only door. He caught her one-handed, twisting her
‘round to face the chancellor again. In the next moment, she felt
the tiny, cold touch of a dagger point at her throat.

(She would have avowed that the guard had been empty-
handed when she faced him.)

"I suppose that I should be grateful that it is only the
Verbena who want me dead," the old man continued, "or
perhaps that cup was merely a warning..." He noted her
expression: "Don'tlook so surprised, girl, there are adozen good
texts on your sisterhood and their manner of work in my library.
As a matter of fact, I thought you might be some unexpected
agent until I saw your face just now. Anyway, as I was saying,


THE

SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

I should be glad that it is not the Golden Chalice that wishes me
harm. They know how to make a taste of wine dangerous." ¢

He sat back in his chair, fingering the stem of the goblet. '
"Now, what next...? Oh, take her outside and let her go,
Gareth."

Maria was too stunned even to think of struggling until she
found herself pushed through a side-door and into the castle's
kitchen garden. Then, her arms suddenly free, she spun on her
heel to face the guardsman. His knife had still been at her throat
until the second before, but now it had vanished again; now he
stood empty-handed, arms folded, looking at her and smiling
slightly.

BS "Why did he let me live?" It felt like a foolish question as she
4 spoke it, but it was also all she could think to ask.
A "Do you know," the guardsman — Gareth — replied, "I
) was wondering that myself."

Danger, the spur of all great minds.

— George Chapman, Revenge of Bussy D'Ambois

The Renaissance begins the Age of the Swashbuckler.
It's not that this era invented deadly politics or flamboyant
fighting styles; Ancient Rome and China saw plenty of
daggers in rulers' backs, Byzantium was literally a by-word
for complex intrigue, and the courts of the Eastern sultans
actually institutionalized such conflicts. It's simply that Re-
naissance Europe epitomizes such things in the eyes of
modern audiences, and to a large extent in fact, too. No
other historical period makes courtly game-plots of blades,
poisons and persuasions seem so appropriate.

A Slow but Steady Sire

This may seem doubly surprising because Europe was,
until recently, perhaps the most crass and barbaric region in
the world. After the fall of Rome, much of the continent
was dominated by more or less tribal powers, and the mead-
halls of their chiefs were ruled by blunt words and
uncomplicated honor. To be sure, Dark Ages Europeans
were vigorous and dynamic enough, and often courageous
and honorable, while their leaders and traders could be as
cunning and sharp-witted as anyone. But grace and subtlety
were often lost in the face of life-and-death issues. Even
when smart, determined kings such as Charlemagne united
tribal lands, things changed little; most of the courtiers of
this era were illiterate, save for a few specialist priests and
clerks.

Tribalism turned to feudalism as local chiefs swore to
protect their people in exchange for loyalty and support,

1Céisa time of tre ns nforEurope; the
are , but remainistrong in some areas.
these' sty eae the = eireratic
- prevail eee ly among

P ithe upper classes.
"Chivalry" origin ferred tothe itiesional code
of the wandering car ier, and was probably asrough
and ready as any, eo, ge hagea Sensible

i NE ek tes uptot

deal with visting

by Sir Thomas Malory, a convicted rapist) is the best-

freelance warriors were ¢

Military bid ae became formal cian 1e a to
treat followers decently became an absolute sense of duty
to underlings; lip service to the Church became unwaver-"Y
ing piety; and adventures on the Muslim and Pagan
frontiers becamé religious devotion. Naturally, once the
poets and singers started spreadingsuch ideals, knights and
‘Some even meant

at atime, eee ‘and daughters 0
‘knights. Sometimes, these

a = Sree bly moral; ¢ at. "Sag ane

scenes luctions ty. Meanw

ers retumed from the East with versions of old Persia
Arab love poetry; these rap rapturous works espoused an ideal
of abject devotion to the loved one. The idea of the
enclosed Muslimharem wasnot imported at the same time,
however, so the love poetry remained quite out of context.
Eventually, the ideal of courtly. love grew quite bi-
zarre; lovers rue sur to swoon with desire for one |

another wl paougreraes| consummati
of that desi stein were often ex s
but kisses were rarel ely ne ate Sex, the impure fruit

‘not true love, was left for marriage (which pba: a
much more pragmatic, even businesslike, arrangement
Dante's worship of his Beatrice presents the culmination

_of this ideal. The story of Lancelot and Guinevere (spread

known tale of courtly infatuation, although the ideals were' -
spoiled somewhat by the presence of actual adultery. "4
To the Renaissance gentleman, these ideals are quite
old-fashioned, but not without value. Miguel de Cervantes
may eventually parody chivalry in Don Quixote (which
shows how impractical the whole idea is), but not even he
can destroy it. Courtly love can beadapted into the simpler
romanticism that will sun athe 2 Bag 21st century in

countless poems; novel "Chivalry," the
"wandering mercenary' x the word for a
"proper si eg = SA and honorable, the

chivalrous man protects ee it (including women),
respects his betters, and shows mercy to all but the most
loathsome of adversaries.


making themselves into knights and the common folk into
serfs and villeins. This system enabled knights to purchase
better weapons, and to gain overwhelming advantages in
battle. Of course, knights could play serious politics, too,
and they had their own romantic culture of courtly love and
complex honor. But their political methods were usually
quite blunt, and left little room for grace or subtlety.

In the Renaissance, however, matters are changing.
Trade is expanding; serfdom is disappearing from most
lands; secular lords can read well enough to enjoy poetry
and romances; visual arts and architecture are bursting out
in gorgeous revolt; old religious ideas are being challenged;
and swords are changing from the heavy hacking broad-
sword to the nimble fencing rapier. All this transition is
chancy and dangerous, but even peasants may hope to
change their station, or even the world. And politics and
courtly life are changing too. When rulers are no longer
quite so certain of their divine authority, and wealth is
falling into new hands, power games can get a lot more
complicated.

Technology, especially the bloody craft of warfare,
plays a large part in this transformation, of course. The
longbows of Wales and England, the pikes of Switzerland,
and the cannon of Germany all demonstrate that the
dominance of the feudal knight is ending; thus, the balance
of power shifts and twists. The new age is also marked by
new technologies of peace — not least the printing press,
which spreads ideas (both old and new) far more widely
than hand-copied manuscripts ever could have done. (In
the Dark Fantastic world, the Craftmasons, Celestial Mas-
ters and Artificers have scored several other coups —
including Skyriggers, Abundanti's Oil, reliable firearms,
and other innovations — that will utterly disrupt the status
quo.) Crucial trade routes have been made safer, so wealth
flows through European civilization like sap to the highest
branches of a growing tree. Newly rich lords and merchants
seek out new and more-conspicuous styles of consumption,
so court fashion favors grace, style, and innovation. Even
the horrendous plagues of recent centuries have had com-
plex consequences; these horrors shattered the old order
and reduced trade severely for generations, but this disrup-
tion forced the survivors to reorganize their world.

On the southeastern edge of Europe, the old Byzantine
Empire finally falls. Waves of refugee scholars spread from
the wreckage, bearing new ideas and old texts; meanwhile,
the victorious Turks actually prove a wealthy, stable trad-
ing-partner for the Mediterranean's merchants. (They also
police the eastward trade routes efficiently.) Too strong to
challenge on their own ground, the Ottomans spell the end
for the old dream of crusading to the Holy Land, thus
forcing European rulers to focus on their home territories
instead. Beyond the Turks, waves of nomadic conquerors
sometimes make travel perilous, but eventually they too
serve to make trade safer, when it occurs to certain tribal

: {) ITEM, FIRST: fa a
THE AGE OF
= = MASKS )

leaders that taxing traffic is more profitable than simply
raiding it.

But this new era, and these new intricacies of courtly
life, begins in a land where secular and theological author-
ity, scholarship and wealth all converge....

The Italian Renaissance

The Italian region has several advantages in this era: it
commands most travel routes between southeast and north-
west; it hosts the seat of supreme power within the Catholic
Church; and it has traditions of art and scholarship dating
back to Imperial Rome. Despite repeated sackings and
centuries of decay, Italy has also remained somewhat urban-
ized since the Roman period. Knights and merchants are
used to living and working alongside each other in the
towns, unlike in other parts of Europe where the knights
dwell in the country. But above all other factors, one
apparent weakness makes this land the natural home for
swashbuckling adventure tales: Italy is divided and disorga- 5
nized.

Not since the Roman Empire have the Italian States
known a common ruler. Indeed, some of them are not
kingdomsat all, but republics or unstable autocracies. None
of them are democracies as later ages would recognize the
word — factions and cliques control their governments,
and tulers usually hold their offices for life — but they do
offer lowborn families the chance to rise to power. The
Medici, for example, wealthy merchants descended from
Tuscan peasants, often control Florence. Conversely,
Venice, a power built on control of routes to the east, is
tuled by an intricate and secretive oligarchy of old families
who conspire to elect the all-powerful Doge from among
their number. This Doge, in turn, makes deals with anyone
— even the Turks — if he thinks the city will prosper from
it. And then there are the Papal States, governed (at least
in theory) by the Pope. And while all Christendom enjoys
the impression that the Pope is God's saintly chosen repre-
sentative, most Renaissance Popes are worldly at best, often
pragmatic to the point of ruthlessness, and sometimes (as in
the case of Alexander VI), utterly corrupt.

For these competitive rulers, power and sophistication
are marks of true achievement. And nothing announces
power and sophistication quite like your very own stable of
artists and philosophers. Thus, the Italian princes excel at
patronage; under their reigns, cities like Venice, Florence
and Rome become beacons to artists and scholars of all
kinds. With ancient ruins to inspire architects and engi-
neers, and numerous scholars — monks, priests, Byzantine
exiles, Jews, even Arabs — working through old Greek and
Latin texts, Italian culture flares into the brightest fire since
the glory days of Rome. Meanwhile, the city-states develop
subtle arts of statecraft, and settle some of their political
questions with daggers... and worse.


The magickal politics of the region are nearly as laby-
tinthine as its mortal affairs. Italy's occult associations
precede the Roman Empire, and the magickal societies
across the land flourished even during the Dark Ages.
Shadow-conflicts like the War of Hermes, the Mercy Schism
and the Lodge Wars of Tuscany have kept relations be-
tween Italian mysticks... interesting. Add the long regional
histories behind Daedalean sects like the Collegium
Praecepti, Mithraic Singers and Cabal of Pure Thought, the
frequent resurgence of Roman Paganism, and the miracle-
workers (and Inquisitors) of the Catholic Church, and you
have a rich patchwork of intrigues.

As the Ascension War begins to boil, magi of all factions
vie for control of the various city-states. Rome, in particular,
has become a prize worth killing for; now, with the mounting
corruption within the Vatican, diabolists and Infernal wizards
dig their claws into the pie as well. Meanwhile, the art-and-
science revolution energizes visionaries of all kinds. The High
| Guild and Artisans might seem to enjoy an obvious advantage

Despite the constant struggling, however, no single
faction has the upper hand in Italy. Church-affiliated magi
command the most influence, of course, but neither the
Chorus nor the Cabal truly "owns" the Vatican and its
affiliates. This is not for lack of trying, though; in the name
of Christ, an awful lot of blood — Awakened and otherwise
—stains the holy floors. Torn between these vicious power-
games and the grand blaze of Renaissance art, the magi of
Italy live in the most interesting of times...

Che ldeas Spread

Not that Italy is the only wealthy, dynamic region in
Europe. The land of Flanders, for example, is a prosperous
cloth-producing center and a crossroads for trade between
south and north, England and the Continent. Although
feudal aristocrats rule the kingdom, Flanders' cities largely
govern themselves. The greatest of them, Bruges, is produc-
ing whole new forms of culture — for example, oil painting.
While Italian artists mostly paint frescos — applying pig-
ments to still-damp plaster on fixed walls — the artists of
Bruges create portable canvases.

Meanwhile, the rest of Western Europe is dragging
itself out of the Middle Ages....

England

The Hundred Years War between England and France
finally ends in 1453, though both nations find themselves
with quite enough problems at home. England soon plunges
into the Wars of the Roses — a prolonged struggle for the
throne between the houses of York and Lancaster. This
confused conflict sees periods of peace, apparent victories
for both factions, and much betrayal and treachery on all

sides. Matters are only resolved in 1485 when the Lancastrian
Henry Tudor defeats and kills the Yorkist Richard III, is
crowned Henry VII, and founds the Tudor dynasty. Even
then, though, Henry marries a Yorkist princess, and still has
to put down Yorkist uprisings.

Over generations, the Tudors create a sophisticated
Renaissance court — one that sees a fair amount of great art
and a lot of vicious power-politics, betrayal and back-
stabbing as the monarchs assert their dominance over the
fractious feudal lords. Eventually, King Henry VIII and his
daughter Queen Elizabeth combine England's established
international wool trade, and growing cultural and military
might with a tradition of seafaring that will eventually
make it a world power. Sadly, Henry also breaks with Rome
and establishes himself as the head of the Anglican Church.
This leads to centuries of round-robin religious slaughter,
wherein Catholics and Anglicans take turns burning one
another for heresy — and playing Catholic and Protestant
nations against each other in a series of "holy wars" across
Europe and the New World.

The fires are kindled for other faiths, too. Although the
English do not traditionally burn witches (contrary to
popular belief), the Scots and Irish do... sometimes for
apparently good reasons! For even after General Windgarde's
crusade has failed, the night-war between Pagans and
Christians attains a savage pitch in the outlying lands. As
King Henry VIII dissolves Catholic holdings and disperses
Church clergy, some miracle-workers look for scapegoats to
blame. The Pagan holdovers are only too willing to play
that part; their occasional raids and wild celebrations spit
right in the face of Christian magi. And so the fighting goes
on, and on, and on....

Meanwhile, Hermetic wizards and Daedaleans shift
back and forth between uneasy compromise, truce, and
open warfare. As far as some magi and philosopher-scien-
tists are concerned, England's future lies within the minds
of its students and artists. And so, both sides court favor
with lords and ladies of all stations, and seed ideas within
universities, palaces, and drawing rooms across Britain.

The real conflicts, however, rage between loyalists of the
different English noble families. The Wars of the Roses cut
through Daedalean and Council ranks alike, frequently pitting
"allies" against one another while linking old foes. When (or
if) the House of Tudor wins, resentments simmer in Cov-
enantsand lodgesacross the kingdom. Meanwhile, independent
magi simply keep their heads down and defend their ancestral
holdings. Despite Britain's apparent "unity," the sorcerers
within that nation are anything but united.

France

Across the Channel, King Charles VII, victorious over
the English, brings in new taxes to finance the government
he needs to run a united country, and sets up a standing
army to defend it. Old, untrustworthy nobles are moved


ITEM, FIRST: Se ;
Wy 2

G1 aside. His.son Louis XI, inheriting the kingdom in 1461,
proves harsh and ambitious, throwing France into a cycle of
intrigue and threatened revolt. Louis's own son, Charles
VIII, seems weak and unintelligent, but he proves deter-
{ mined to invade Italy and claim the throne of Naples. This
leads to 50 years of warfare that spreads carnage across
Renaissance Italy, costs France a fortune, and achieves
nothing permanent.

Meanwhile, the ever-more-powerful (and staunchly
Catholic) French nobles eventually become embroiled in
bloody battles with Huguenots — Protestants among their
own population. Queen Catherine di Medici, descendent
of the Florentine family, rules as regent for her young sons
from 1560 to 1589; she holds her position with political skill
and bloody ruthlessness, the latter culminating in the St.
Bartholomew's Day Massacre in 1572. Once again, these
ei Christian-against-Christian intrigues lead to scattered re-

NAY volts, uprisings, heretic-burnings, and outside conflicts for
centuries to come.

Although France technically wins the Hundred Years
War, most of its battles are fought on French soil. The
endless parade of slaughter, looting, pillage and devastation
make the land a breeding ground for chaos. During the
course of the conflict, several diabolist cults and bands —
most notably the savage Jacquerie mercenaries (see
Infernalism: The Path of Screams, pp. 24, 62-63, 93, 98-
99) —nest in the ruins and begun to spread. The Crays and

\*)

19)

courts they establish vie with ancient Hermetic Covenants
and the Daedalean White Towers of Yoassmy and
Languedoc. As France ascends toward the grand power it
will embody over the next three centuries, the kingdom
hosts another endless conflict: the early skirmishes of the
Ascension War.

Spain

Spain, too, is emerging from chaotic civil wars. Indeed,
until 1479, Christian Spain is split in two halves, Aragon
and Castile; only when they are united by marriage do the
joint "Catholic Monarchs," Ferdinand and Isabella, begin
to reduce the power of the nobility. They also plot the
conquest of Granada, the last vestige of the old Muslim
kingdoms that had ruled parts of Spain for centuries.

With the large Muslim and Jewish populations in the
Christian kingdoms, Spaniards live in the most religiously
diverse society in Western Europe. However, precisely
because of this diversity, many Spanish Catholics consider
themselves a staunch bulwark against Muslim incursions. }
Hence, the Spanish Church grows ever more fanatical.
Playing on this zealotry, the Catholic Monarchs eventually
institute the Spanish Inquisition under Tomas de
Torquemada. Together, the monarchs and their servant
persuade the Pope to grant considerable religious power to
the Inquisitorial Office, which reports only to the crown.
Eventually, to defend Catholic purity from dangerous new

y

%

AA


See THE Y : és:

ideas, Spanish kings will prohibit their subjects from study-
ing at foreign universities. Thus, although Spain eventually
develops one of the finest armies in Europe, engages in
military adventures across the continent, and creates a
huge, wealthy empire from the discoveries of Spanish-
sponsored explorers like Christopher Columbus, the nation
will always remain slightly detached from the Renaissance.
This does not, however, make the region a backwater.
Quite the opposite. Under the firm hands of the Catholic
Monarchs, the Gabrielites enjoy their greatest strength in
Spain. Likewise, the overseas ambitions of Portugal and
Spain provide the Celestial Masters and Explorators with
endless resources and opportunities. Meanwhile the forced
conversions and exile of Spanish Jews compel the Lions of
Zion to protect their people, or to safeguard Jewish passage
into safer lands. On the other side of the Catholic/Jewish
divide, the Choeur Céleste suffers horrible losses during the
Spanish Inquisition. The rather... progressive... perspec-
tive endorsed by the Tradition is utterly heretical by the
) Inquisition's standards, and far too many Choristers make
one-way trips to the dungeons and pyres.
Overseas, the Spanish and Portuguese Daedaleans en-
joy their greatest triumphs; through their efforts (with a
little mortal help, of course), the two kingdoms are soon
enriched beyond all previous measures. Sadly, the "adven-
tures" in the "New World" across the ocean also mark one
of the greatest tragedies in the Order's history — the virtual
extermination of hundreds of native cultures. The guilt for
that deed, however, will not settle on European shoulders
for some time to come. Throughout the Renaissance and
the Age of Exploration, the Iberian Peninsula shines like a
diamond in the Order of Reason's crown.

The Holy Roman Empire

North of the Alps, the Holy Roman Empire, a sprawl-
ing confederation of duchies and principalities, controls
most of Germany and many neighboring areas. The seven
"electors" — the Archbishops of Trier, Mainz, and Co-
logne, the Duke of Saxony, the Count Palatine of the
Rhine, the Margrave of Brandenburg, and the King of
Bohemia — decide who should be Emperor when one is

\\\ required. Although this divided realm appears to resemble
Italy's fractured state, the Empire features strong trading-
cities such as Bruges, or the Baltic ports that make up the
Hanseatic League; thus, local politics and culture are mark-
edly different. Each prince, duke, or prince-bishop is a
feudal lord in his own domains, often imposing heavy taxes
on his citizens or at border-posts. Several successful mer-
chant houses establish themselves as princes in their own
rights, too; from these groups, like the Fuggers of Austria,
the High Guild builds a firm foundation in Western Europe.

At the same time, the religious atmosphere of the Empire
darkens. The strong influence of the Catholic Church is

shaken by a series of reformers (or heretics, depending on your
viewpoint) like Jan Hus, Martin Luther, and a slew of down-
right atheistic Humanist writers. (See Item, Third for details.)
Across the Empire, resentment against the Roman Church
grows, fueled by high tithes (religious taxes), indulgences
(blessings and prayers "up for sale"), printed bibles (which
allow any literate person to read scripture for himself), and a
rising disgust for the distant masters of Rome. In time, skir-
mishes between Catholic loyalists and nascent Protestants
weaken the Church's tenuous hold on the region. The bloody
Pagan campaigns of Baerwald and Tezghul the Insane (The
Sorcerers Crusade, pp. 56-57) add tinder to the flames. All of
this, in turn, inspires religious zealotry that culminates in the
most severe witchcraft purges on the continent — and an
eventual break with Catholic Rome.

Thus, court politics in the Empire have more of an old-
fashioned, medieval flavor than those of Italy; the periodic
elections of a new Emperor create games played for espe-
cially high stakes, in which only the very rich and powerful
can enter. With some German provinces ruled by "prince-
bishops" — churchmen with secular power — the line
between religious and mundane government grows blurry
indeed. When a Hus or a Luther triggers religious conflict
(let alone when an Infernal horde erupts out of the forests),
matters can become very messy. The Kingdom of Bohemia
(later, part of Czechoslovakia), Hus's homeland, is wracked
by religious wars until 1436, and the Protestant Reforma-
tion triggered by Luther's rebellion against Rome leads to
decades of conflict in the 16th century, culminating in the
devastating Thirty Years War (1618-1648).

Not that the Empire is completely uncivilized; when
the Renaissance finally arrives in these parts, Germans
produce art, architecture and philosophy that can rival the
Italians themselves. Unlike the Italians, however, the Ger-
man folk do not identify with the glories of Rome. Their
heritage is bolder, more direct and often far more Pagan.
The Italian Renaissance inspires colorful finery; the Ger-
man one inspires gothic splendor.

This Germanic Empire has other shadows, too. Even
under firm Catholic and Protestant governance, the Teu-
tonic lands shelter secret Pagan enclaves, legacies that not
even the greatest bonfires can annihilate. The Verbena and
Hermetic Traditions maintain strongholds in the Empire,
while strange Disparates and Infernal cultists share the dark
forests with wolf-folk, and the mountains with castles full of
vampire lords.

To counter these shadows, the Order of Reason stakes
powerful claims within the Empire, too. German Artisans,
Craftmasons and Gabrielites reinforce un-Awakened knights
and gunsmiths; German Cosians establish several large hospi-
tals, and provide relief from plagues and famine; the High
Guild cultivates its holdings here, too, and these Guildsmen
are considered some of the best in the business. What German
Guildsmen lack in subtlety, they make up for in determina-


: NE: ITEM, FIRST: —— CARS
THE AGE OF SOOEAAOO
= @QYyi :

WAG} tion. Such masters wield their money like a large, blunt
weapon, with a little more force anda lot less finesse. Every so
often, these tensions erupt into open warfare, like the Vienna
War or the campaign to stop Tezghul's horde (Sorcerers
Crusade, p. 56). Despite the strength of their opponents, the
Daedaleans often come out on top in such engagements; these
victories, combined with the massive witch-hunts that engulf
the German Statesafter the publication of Malleus Maleficarum,
make the Holy Roman Empire into a stronghold of the Order.

Che Rise of the Habsburgs

By 1496, the Habsburg family has acquired a lock on
elections to the Empire's throne through bribery, threats
and raw power. Habsburgs also control additional lands by
§) marrying into the family of the Dukes of Burgundy. In that
year, the Habsburg Emperor Maximilian engineers the
marriage of his son Philip to Joan, heiress to Spain — a
political masterstroke that brings much of Europe under
Habsburg domination. Not that this power is quite as
absolute as it sounds; too many other kings feel threatened
and react accordingly. The Habsburgs, controlling both the
western Mediterranean and the eastern borderlands of
central Europe, also find themselves on the front lines in
confrontations with the great threats to Europe: the Otto-
man Turks in the Balkans (and their corsair minions at sea)
and the nomadic hordes that sometimes erupt out of Asia.
Thus, many 16th-century courtly plots are likely to resolve
around attempts to moderate, or reinforce, Habsburg power
as the dynasty becomes a major force in European history.

» On the Bovders of
Christendom

Courtly life on the edges of Europe is rarely as sophis-
ticated and subtle as in the heart of the Renaissance world,
but it's no less dangerous. In fact, in many places, it's dark
and brutal by any standards.

Ottomans and Their Enemies

With the fall of Byzantium, Europe finds itself facing an
ever-more-dangerous enemy to its southeast, and the struggle
against the power of the Ottoman Turks grows bitter. Ironi-
cally, as recently as 1402, the Turks had been shattered by
defeat at the hands of the Tatar conqueror Tamerlane, who
had captured their Sultan Bayezid. But Tamerlane only wished
to neutralize Turkish power on his borders, not to conquer
their land. Bayezid's son Mehmed took control (supported by
religious orders and artisan guilds — suggesting, in the Dark
Fantastic world, the secret support of the Ahl-i-Batin, and
maybe others). Mehmed's successor, Murad II, restored Otto-
man power in Europe, threatened Constantinople, and fought
wars with Venice and Hungary.

But Murad faced an internal problem in the shape of
the Turkish nobles. To balance this, he used many non-
Turkish servants, including Christian slaves and converts,
and especially the Janissaries — soldiers who had been
recruited, during childhood, from Christian subjects as a
"human tax," who were then raised as devoted Muslims and

supporters of the Sultan. In time, these Janissaries will |
become a major faction in Turkish courts throughout the

Sorcerers Crusade era and beyond.

Murad's heir, Mehmed II, captures Constantinople in
1453, then completes the conquest of Greece, Serbia and
Albania, among other territories. Clearly, he presents a
deadly threat to every ruler on his borders. Faced with this
ambitious ruler, some of those sovereigns resort to very dark
tactics indeed.

The Dragon and the Impaler

Ironically, some of the leaders who cause trouble on the

Ottoman borders were trained and brought up at the Otto- &

mans' own courts. The Albanian national hero Skanderbeg,
for example, had been a hostage who adopted, then re-
nounced, Islam. Another troublemaker is the son of a
Wallachian prince, educated alongside Mehmed, whoclaims
power in his homeland by facing down the Turks while
seeking support from Hungary — and other quarters. This
is Vlad Tepes, known as Vlad the Impaler... and Dracula.

A charismatic monarch with mysterious alliances and a
penchant for cruelty, Vlad Dracula cuts an elusive figure in the
Dark Fantastic world. By many accounts, he's the heir to an
Infernal society, the Order of the Dragon (Infernalism: The
Path of Screams, p. 93,); possibly, he's a vampire's pawn — or
a vampire himself. Very much alive until 1479, Vlad appar-
ently survives his "death" and continues to haunt the occult
landscape. Decades after his supposed demise, Dracula is said
to play a part in Hermetic intrigues between Houses Tytalus,
Bonisagus, Flambeau and Ex Miscellanea; in royal politics
from Britain to Transylvania; and in the shadowy "War of the
Damned" that reputedly rages between vampire families and
mortal Inquisitors. Whatever the truth might be (and we leave
that truth to you, the Storyteller, to decide), Vlad the Impaler
stands out, even in this tumultuous era, as a ruler to be
reckoned with... and feared. (Note: For "official" details about
Dracula and his various intrigues, see the Vampire: The Dark
Ages supplement Transylvania Chronicles II: Son of the
Dragon.)

In any case, not even Dracula can delay the expansion
of Ottoman rule for long. The reign of Suleyman the
Magnificent, from 1520 to 1566, becomes the golden age of
Ottoman power. Turkish armies push into Hungary, and
eventually reach the walls of Vienna. There, however, they
stop; the Empire has reached the limits of its capabilities, on
land and also at sea. From now on, despite occasional
victories, the Turks remain essentially a static power in the

SY ZA


\

= THE RY
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

world. While Europe profits from the Renaissance, the
Ottomans decide that they have no need to change. In
coming centuries, the error of that logic will slowly become
clear to everyone but them.

Russia

Awakened Western Europeans sometimes refer to
Russia's vast expanse as "the Courts of the Wolf." Even if
one can avoid the rampaging blood-pagans, were-beasts
and barbarians, this is a wild and largely desolate land; in
fact, it's still legitimate territory for Void Seeker explora-
tion. Which is not to say that the Russians are always hostile
and xenophobic (though some are); it's simply that Russia
barely seems to be part of Europe at all.

At the start of the 15th century, Russia is divided into
principalities and city-states, all of which owe fealty to the
Tatars of the Golden Horde (descendents of the Mongols),
who play the Russian princes against each other. However,
the Principality of Muscovy (Moscow) is growing in power
while its rulers carefully avoid annoying the Tatars.

Eventually, Prince Ivan the Great of Muscovy (1440-
1505) will attempt to weld Russia into a mighty nation.
When he comes to the throne in 1462, Ivan launches a
series of military campaigns and downright Machiavellian
political plots, first absorbing small neighbors, then con-
quering the once-mighty Novgorod. He also stops paying
tribute to the Golden Horde; when they join with Lithuania
and Poland in an invasion of Russia, Ivan allies with their
rivals, the Crimean Tatars, and wins the war.

Later, Ivan also marries the niece of the last Byzantine
emperor; thenceforward, Russia's leader claims to be the
spiritual heir of Byzantium. However, he becomes en-
tangled in wars with his brothers, wife and son, and loses a
great deal of his power and influence. After Ivan dies, his
son and heir, Vasily, continues his work. But it will be his
grandson, Ivan "the Terrible" (1530-1584), who become
the first Russian ruler to take the title "tsar" ("Caesar") and
leave the greatest mark on Russian history.

Ivan the Terrible starts his reign asa great reformer, but his
dislike for aristocratic rivals slips into paranoia and tyranny.
After a strange (and perhaps magickally induced) fit, Ivan
becomes a raging madman. For entertainment, he orders the
slaughter of whole villages and monasteries; the victims are
hacked to bits, cooked alive, drowned under ice, or ripped
apart by wolves. Naturally, Russia suffers badly under Ivan's
rule; eventually, the Crimean Tatars return to take advantage
of the chaos. It will be centuries before Russia truly emerges
from the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance never really
reaches this far. In the Dark Fantastic world, Conventions and
Traditions alike remain weak in Russia. In their places, the
land teems with blood-pagans, Marauds, Disparate shamans,
vampires and werewolves.

| igen uni European S te
fs _ © The cultures of Africa, too, will suffer badly in the
\ eolonial ra to come, although their fall will be slighty less
e In many of these independent kingdoms learning,
ha lm ag coe |

| OER
‘cities have very little to do with the ©

ktu and their si i
g facti Saar Abandhulit®

ker Traditions, while a small but wealthy sect of ©
a t-wizards from Mali, establish an influential /
asolid a

"eat group provides the


b ITEM, FIRST:
THE AGE OF
MASKS

states §ooid crude in comparison. toate stories provides: Drolch hierarchies of civil servants, sn from birthin,
must be played out rather different however. t tions of their posts. . {
LE i ‘ Meanwhile, atich tradition of mysticism, wilder and more

e than any European mythology, grants the magickal
sree politics an otherworldly air. Divine "avatars" (living embodi-
ments of gods) frequently appear; elemental duels rage; creatures
matin with oddly-colored skin and multiple limbs run wild across the
‘they're | landscape, while siddhus, desel-rogi and Ecsta aaa
the fate of dark quests of enlightenment and ruin. Despite the s
»» "influence of the Muslim conquerors, Indian magick is

ie are everywhere, of course, |
e subtlety and restraint —

formality. Here, every task or activity seems Shoete
oversee its perfection. The long-éstablished Confucian.)
Or tats (and their wizardly countefparts, the WuLung) have —

Q ite, lest she become a large target for regard for trade or flexibility — they insist thatthegood —

in such an atmosphere must be r the universe is sustained by scrupulous obedience to:
and their place in the hierarchy. Anyone who ancientrituals. An old saying insists that "ifthe matisn s
control of the court will need extraordinaryalllies_ the Master dal. Ge sit Cathayan government relia
though the rewards may justify the risk, h if the reality often falls short of the ideal,

1 sr demain legendarysubtletyflowersin
of power. Attimes, however, these Batini find

j independentsorcerers, anda ri es most
allen Ones. Unlike the "rational" tis | Fa ooia i Docons a
slim rulers are all too willing to respect mi hand, cordial relationships with many rulers, and :
if these wonders prove to be false. Has the great dealofofficialsanction and support. The Dalou'laoshi, with
ofsuch thingshimself? Thus, manya magician _ their command of artisanship and protocol, have established
ent and influence within a sultan's court. And grand halls and titanic workshops within the Chinese empire. :
may be frowned upon, the Muslim courtmagus . Their counterparts, the Hua T'o (Cosians) and the ,
uisition:.Thus, he can amaze his patrons with ae
vulgar displays of magick (flying carpets, conjured i
ble Rew od

tejol
ons) present Balink wih nines aaa ‘
" cations, forthe chaosof war loosensrestrictions upon government
bold qu bictinfuencein Mislead and trade! This is a land where factions who have no great
ed himself wasa merchant, and scholarship, mec problem working together in Europe often find themselves at »
ics have risen to unequalled heights # odds, but "natural enemies" get along quite well. rie
but constant interplay exists between court ® Other nations in eastern Asia range from archaic:
-scientists;both sidescrave oneanother's: to advanced, complex political units who b
usually prefer to dominate the local ruler themselves. ab culture or Confucian Chinese political theory.
amic empiresare expanding into India, too, as they have te Cie (Japan), os alae po

turies. By the 15th century, UAHA tee it very BEA crt wis o unite ;
es of he thal a ss Scene -lords merely use him to legitimize )


See = — — mr THE >\\\ = my f
" ANG) HAN :

GamesAmong the
Dighty

But if Greatness be so blind,

As to trust in Towers of Air,

Let it be with Goodness lin'd,

That at least the Fall be fair.

— Sir Henry Wotton, Upon the Sudden Restraint of the
Earl of Somerset

In almost any Renaissance court, cool charm and quick
wits count more than strong arms or fiery magicks. Indeed,
strong allies are as important as defeated enemies, and
living secrets are better than corpses on the floor. Any
courtier worth her title must be able to keep track of the
shifting pattern of alliances and enmities around her, and to
A exploit them when need be. Sooner or later, friends and
) } secrets always come in handy.

Y The secret history of the Dark Fantastic world adds a

f, few additional twists to the serpentine ways of court. Inno-
vation and tradition each boast their own magick-wielding
champions, and those patrons tend to look out for their own
best interests. While this division seems like an obvious
case of Council magus verses Daedalean, the truth is far
more complex; some Hermetics and Choristers share keen
interest in the new "mundane" arts, while conservative
Gabrielites and Craftmasons keep wary eyes on the secular
changes around them. Yes, there are Artificers building
new machines, Guildsmen opening up new markets,
» Solificati nobles holding to their feudal rights, and Dream-
speaker shamans warning against foreigners; but no wizard's
allegiance can be counted solely by her Tradition or Con-
vention. Some so-called "mysticks" have very modern
tastes, while many Daedaleans are suspicious of too much
innovation.

(

A proper swashbuckler, no matter what her social
station might be, is expected to know who's who, why, and
what they do. Within the walls of palace or manor house,
ignorance is death. A quick sword or charm spell will get
one only so far. A working knowledge of the household, on

\\l\ the other hand, can turn even a lowly kitchen scut into a
dangerous opponent.

Royal Courts

A court is, in essence, a household; but it also serves the
purposes of government and, to some extent, business. Every
titled noble, from a minor earl to the king or queen, has a
private residence. Depending on the official, her domain, and
her personal wealth and influence, this court could be a manor
house, a keep, a castle, or a grand palace. The larger the court,
the larger its staff and grounds, and the greater its power. All

ts S
Seer

such courts owe allegiance to the head of state — the king,
queen, emperor or sultan — although, of course, that loyalty
may be highly suspect. In essence, though, each court is a
household unto itself. And regardless of the size and power of |_|
this household, certain elements are fairly universal:

People

Inany royal household, the king or queen stands at the
apex of the system, with his or her immediate family close
to hand. The next levels down are occupied by senior
government officials whose titles and ranks are basically
those of household servants. From there, several ranks of
minor servants and "unofficial" officers handle much of the
hour-to-hour labor around the palace. Finally, a multitude
of scuts and slaves occupy the lowest echelons of the court.
All folk, tradition says, receive their social stations from
God Himself. And although some philosophers have begun
to debate this "wisdom," every court is built upon it.

Ranks and titles tend to be tricky, yet important, things in
any noble household; this is doubly true in a royal palace,
where one's title reflects one's status in the kingdom at large.
The importance of a post often hinges on its proximity to the
king or queen. For example, the chamberlain is literally the
person responsible for the sovereign's private chambers — the
place where the king keeps his valuables, and where he goes to
think. Thus, the chamberlain is an important minister, prob-
ably even commanding the treasurer, who attends to financial
matters for both the court and its provinces.

The third great figure is the chancellor, who supervises
the chapel and the court's written records, and hence
becomes the province's chief administrator. The marshal,
originally in charge of the serving staff in the hall, and the
constable, originally in charge of the court's horses, both
have crucial responsibility for the monarch's personal safety.
In the course of their offices, these men often acquire
military duties as well, and serve as advisors or commanders
in the royal army. Likewise, the seneschal or steward, origi-
nally a high-ranking servant responsible for food and drink,
also bears responsibility for managing the lord's estates; in
many courts, that job is divided between a "household
steward" and a more important "estate steward." Other,
lower ranks assume positions of lesser importance.

Most sovereigns occupy several different households — a
home palace and several lesser (often seasonal) courts. In many
lands, the king and queen tend separate residences, while older
children and trusted servants oversee minor royal estates. Small
royal households feature minimal staff and offices; the larger ones,
naturally, command dozens of servants, and grand heads of state
command hundreds. In time, servant offices become ceremonial
rankswithin the government. Asroyalcourtsexpand intonational
institutions, deputies do the actual work while the title-holders
become powerful state advisors. Despite the origins of these titles,
however, there's no disgrace in being descended from important


6 ITEM, FIRST:
THE AGE OF
: MASKS

pA

f| servants; noble families such as the Scottish Stewarts, whose
ancestors were court stewards, eventually attain the status of
yy || courtiers — or monarchs — themselves. Hence, the servants

become the served.
| (Similar systems exist outside Christendom — the Middle
Eastern title of vizier, or grand minister, once denoted the palace
porter. Sometimes, these posts get downright bizarre; among the
Ottoman Turks, for example, the sultan's chief cook bears a giant
spoon asa badge of rank. Here, offices such as "Chief Keeper of the
Nightingales" and "Chief Tender of the Baths" exist, and the Head
Gardener may also be the Chief Executioner. In some Ottoman
palaces, " ers" —robust country boyswithnostrong political
connections — and professional entertainers also become useful
bruisers when a few heads need breaking.)

Wherever they might be, courts are divided into de-
partments, each with its own hierarchy. Senior officials
oversee their juniors, often keeping them in line with wits,
threats, social influence, and beatings. Household offices
are often, but not always, hereditary. Within especially rich
or powerful courts, each major office (steward, chamber-
lain, etc.) has a senior manager and several underlings or
apprentices. A king's stables, for example, may boast a
constable-general, a constable, an apprentice constable,
two senior grooms, four grooms and 10 stable-boys. And in
such stables, as anywhere else, shit rolls downhill.

The royal family, of course, complicates matters im-
mensely. In a stable, reasonably happy court, the blood
relations get along fairly well. Cousins serve as advisors and
aides to the monarch; princes of the blood (especially the
rightful heir) are trained as rulers; and spouses and other
children manage important household affairs. Princes and
princesses often find themselves married off to strangers as
part of some diplomatic maneuver, but that's the price they
pay for their privilege. Royal bastards often have duties and
privileges within the estate — they are, after all, scions of
royal blood — but are rarely granted real power. Occasion-
ally, they're raised elsewhere, or simply disposed of before
they can pose a threat.

Very few families are so stable, however. More often,
noble households degenerate into separate cliques, square
off against the others, and keep the servants running around
on various different errands. (See The Lion in Winter or King
Lear for excellent examples of blueblood fratricide.) This,
of course, exacerbates the tensions of political intrigue. (It's
worth noting, however, that families who fight constantly
with one another usually band together against outside
threats... and God help the outside party when they do!)
And all families, even the healthiest ones, have their black

sheep — their prodigal sons and daughters; wealth and
influence just add fuel to the domestic fires. When royal
power is at stake — or denied to lesser heirs — resentment
sometimes turns to bloodshed. And when a quarrel over
some family inheritance involves a kingdom, the result can
be civil war.

z Aroyalservant (elie a priest eae

2, what you do dejetinedan in many ways who
you are. Dee the new ideals regarding the Dignity of
Man, Renaissance is class-conscius in ways no
modern American.can¢omprehend. The court reflects the
ultimate consummation of that hierarchy. Even here,
however, the "servants" exert. influence far out of propor-
_ ton to their "official" status; v : the cooperation of

‘several dozen competent and lings, no noble
"household can function. So while the titled nobles get mol
"attention and respect, household officers command a fair
amount of authority, too. eo Nose

The following list lec common within
royal, noble and wealthy merchant households throughout
Western Europe (especially in Britain). All languages have,
their own terms ‘for these offices, of course, and other }
cultures have different kinds of servants (eunuchs, rabbis,
concubines, etc.).Evenso, the basic requirements of a large
~ household are‘more or less universal, and most of these
offices are likewise. For noble: and clerical titles (and the

' Merit of thatname), see The Sorcerers Crusade

a, pp. 125-126. :

Seas ag ah tothe een, a.
subsequently, te gaprereris  picetcel of respec: ane ily
ence. Also, Lord Chamberlain.

Treasurer: A financial official, possibly working under
the chamberlain. This servant mustbe skilled in mathematics,
accounting, and subterfuge. Obviously, avery i important
© especially in'merchant households. fd

sibility over legal documents. To fulfill his duties, this servant
is often leftin.charge of the royal seal, eter r are
official documents.

i Marshal: higially the servant in chirge ofaltviNi- le
inthe hall: This post implies responsibility for bodyguard work,
too; hence, the office later becomes a senior military rank. In.
tany royal homes, the' Marshal also oversees spying and
counter-intrigue; some courts, however, have a separate and ©
"unofficial" lord protector who handles the monarch's dirty
work. (See the film Elizabeth.)

Bailiff: An administratorin charge ofan estate, castle or
district — often a royal official with law-enforcement respon-
sibility and considerable personal power. In some courts, this
position is considered part ofa seneschal's job.

Seneschal: Originally in charge of feasts, this post later
assumestesponsibility foralord'shousehold andestates. A good
seneschal is well organized, literate, and versed in several levels


=I THE y :
SWASHBUCKLER'S
( HANDBOOK =

of etiquette. Often the head servant, thé seneschal hasconsider-
able legal power over other household servants. Also, Steward.
Captain of the Guard: The direct'Supervisor and com-
manderoftheestate's military forcesjbodyguards,and security. A
very powerful post, held by a loyal, intelligent and seasoned
Constable: The servant who oversees the horses and
stables; in great households, this oftén leads to ‘control: of large
military forces. Hence, the term is later-attached to: -gattison
commanders, policemen, and other officers.of the law. —

Lady-in-Waiting: A high-ranking woman who acts as

personal servant, confidante and companion to.aquéen. Also,"
~ Lady of Honor, Lady of Presence, ot Lady of the Bedchamber:.°
Herald: A royal officer responsible for proc Jamations and

ceremonies. Literate and often schooled ao om etiquette
and oratory, a herald needs to know who's who, and must
memorize the faces, coat-of-arms (heraldry) and complete titles
of all rich and/or noble families in his realm.

Reeve: A minor official appointed to oversee estates or
workmen. In many cases, he's the only royal official a peasant will
everpersonally meet, andhe's granted considerable discretionary
power over legal and financial matters that involve commoners.

Minor or Unofficial Posts

Among these lesser posts, status depends more on' the» -

_ pesonalites ofthe ruler and her servants han on any ii

Mpabtiines for these sninaie tie sel Viaiala OAS

Cee achias meant ?

birth, who furnishes personal protection for ranking nobles and
officials. Known forhis impressive combat skills (and occasional
magickal and: political ones, as well), a bodyguard must be
unswervingly loyal and discrete.

Butler: A servant in charge of wine and other drinks.
(Much later, this title will become the term for the chief male
servant ina private household.)

Chaplain: A priest sein lio isotes elie! Literate by
necessity, this servant may have clerical duties as well.'

Cook: Although he has little legal power, the man' who-

oversees the kitchens, food preparation, and storage commands
a great deal of influence within the household.

Fool: The "official" household entertainment. Usually
deformed, mentally deficient, notably ugly, or otherwise handi-
capped, the fool has one advantage: He (orshe) is allowed to say
and do things that any other person would be killed for, partly
because it's considered entertaining when he does so, and partly
out of respect for the tradition that "wisdom often proceeds from
the mouth of a fool."

Groom: Hands-on tender of the royal horses, hounds,

hawks and other beasts. By necessity, this servanit'is good with

animals, and. can usually perform basi¢ veterinary medicine.

Maid-in- Waiting: Like the Lady, a petsonal servant of a
noblewoman. ee are young, unmarried, and theo-
retically virgins (; [servants and guards
could dispute the latter pelicason) ig

Manservant: Any gentleman worth the name has a
personal servant who tends his "mundane" needs (doing laun-
dry, acquiring goodsand lodgings, attendingtohisquarters, etc.).
Although lowly of birth (andusually comical in personality), the
mangervant tends to DESiRaaE and wiser than he appears.

~ Also, Lackey.

Matron: Anolder Tady (often married or widowed) who
servantsand young, unmarried girls, Skilled in

‘pi eerie sand often languages and literacy:
the matron (‘mother') j al gs
instruction.

Mistress: An "unofficial" but very ey influermial'p position
within the household. Many mbigiettn indulge their lusts (and
occasionally, true affections) on pretty women kept exclusively
for that purpose. Although few mistresses retain their influence
forlong, many grow adeptat politics (household and otherwise).
Inthe East, kingsandsultansretain whole haremsofconcubines,
or "second wives," who often. command more respect than the
king's wife herself does.

Nurse: The woman (often common-born) who nurses

-royal children in infancy, and tends the girls day-to-day until

ee ee she

exerts considerable informal influence; and oi ‘ad
confidante of noble girls (and sometimes boys as
Page: A junior figure in the 10 Bs org

nobleman i in' training for knighthood - — who Tuns errands,
delivers messages, arranges assignations, and performs other
minor tasks for noble folk.

Scribe: One of several servants kept to author, translate or
transcribe letters and documents for noblefolk and senior offi-
cials. Usually of common birth, but literate in several languages.

Squire: A personal assistant, bodyguard or escort to a

‘knightorothernoble, often intrainingfor the knighthood. Later

used as a term for a ininor country gentleman.

Tutor: Teacher of the royal children, the tutor is a man
(usually a commoner) of considerable learning who instructs
male children (rarely girls) in academia, etiquette, philosophy
and proper behavior. In many ways a male counterpart to the
nurse, the tutor is expected to provide moral guidance to young
noblemen and princes.

Most households also contain. dozens of "insignificant"
servantsand slaves whodoscut work like food-service, cleaning,
gardening, and so forth. Such wretches rarely have any form of
power or title (aside from "You, there!"). In a world where any
person can Awaken, however, such affairs can change rather

Often, a groom or two accompanies noblefolk who wish to go. Natasa

riding, or who take long trips.


ITEM, FIRST:
THE AGE OF
MASKS

Che Buildings

Obviously, a court must have a home — somewhere its
members eat, sleep, keep records, entertain, and defend
against attack. The Castles and Covenants supplement
supplies a great deal of basic information about courts and
palaces, particularly in Chapter I. Certain details, however,
are worth addressing here.

In this period, many rulers are moving out of drafty,
inconvenient castles and into grand, well-lit palaces. Siege
cannon can bring down most castle walls, and few castles
are large enough to hold growing modern armies, anyway.
Ifneed be, a monarch can always move back to his ancestral
castle when war is declared, and so many older strongholds
are kept in good repair just in case. Many others are
refortified, expanded, and even rebuilt — quite a few
palaces have been constructed around an aging but sturdy
castle keep. Even the newer palaces, however, feature thick
walls and lethal defenses. No ruler is foolish enough to leave
himself unprotected.

Most great buildings have a courtyard-based plan.
Castles are an obvious example, with their tower-studded
curtain walls surrounding the inner spaces, but grand houses
and palaces also often follow the pattern. With a courtyard
running in between the towers, buildings and battlements,
light and air can flow among the various structures, while
the buildings themselves provide a sheltered, open area

where horses can be attended to and so forth. For story if Ay
purposes, the courtyard also provides a wonderful setting for

many scenes. Characters on the walls or on higher floors
can look down on the action from all sides; the limited
number of exits forces anyone trying to escape the scene to
be creative; and household servants, stray minor characters,
and probably domestic animals all get in the way.

In the courtyard, visitors pause for assessment when

they arrive — assuming they've been permitted past any
guards at the entrance gate. Gaining admittance to a castle
or palace is usually easy enough in peacetime, as even a royal
court must receive deliveries of food and routine visitors.
Getting beyond this public open space, however, will re-
quire better excuses or greater social skills.

It's not usually too hard to gain admittance to the
court's great hall — a large room used for feasts, large
meetings, and more-or-less public audiences. In the old
days, almost all court business took place in that hall; the
ruler and his retinue ate there, talked there, and in earliest &

times, slept there. In this more civilized age, rulers maintain ¥)

tt

small private chambers behind and beyond the hall. Gain-
ing admittance to those requires a very good reason or
exceptional ingenuity.

Indeed, among all the petitioners, diplomats, lawyers
and sycophants (equivalent, in 20th-century terms, to
lobbyists, lawyers, diplomats and groupies all mixed

AN

_———


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK 2

\) together), the degree of access that one gains to the physical
buildings — and hence to the rulers — is a critical mark of
status. Note, incidentally, that while most visitors visit
temporarily, some stay here indefinitely. This, after all, is
the age that invents the idea of an ambassador as a perma-
nent agent in a foreign land, rather than as someone on a

| short, specific mission.

Great halls and their attendant galleries, banquet halls
and ballrooms, are designed to impress. In rich courts, these
areas overflow with ornate artwork and furniture — all the
better to display the host's wealth and taste (or lack thereof).
Fortunately for swashbuckling types (and their Storytell-
ers), entertainment chambers feature plenty of chandeliers,
tapestries, candelabras, sturdy tables, and fragile bric-a-
brac. Most great halls rise two or three stories in height, and
boast minstrel galleries, choir lofts, balconies, and hanging
decorations. There's a reason why most swashbuckling tales
climax with a battle in the great hall: there are plenty of

<j things to break, swing on, and leap off of. As for the host...

"On Progress": Mobile Courts

As mentioned above, most sovereigns keep several
palaces open. Although the true "seat of government" is
usually based in the monarch's home palace, many kings
and queens spend a lot of time "on progress," traveling
round their lands and living on the (compulsory) hospital-
ity of noble folk. Such "touring" achieves several ends.

To begin with, the monarch can survey the state of the
kingdom. If farms look poor, there's a problem; if they look
prosperous, it may be time to raise taxes a bit. Likewise, the
traveling monarch can inspect military defenses and roads,
while monitoring the loyalty of her lords; it's hard for a
noble to plot treason while the Queen is in his house! Some
rulers, such as Elizabeth I, make a sophisticated policy of all
this. She frequently descends on her vassals with large
retinues, apparently at random, but actually with calcu-
lated effect.

And a large retinue can be very large! After all, any
monarch must travel with (at minimum) a substantial
bodyguard, a number of personal servants, and enough
changes of clothes to be able to appear suitably grand as
required. At the very least, the Queen will require a few
dozen people and several wagons, and it doesn't take much
effort to expand the baggage-train to hundreds of people.
Elizabeth, who takes the system to an extreme, travels in
the company of her senior advisors — all of them high-
ranking nobles, with their own personal staffs and guards.
Supposedly, her progresses involve over 400 wagons and
coaches and 2400 packhorses.

A large-scale visit like that can practically bankrupt a
host. This expense is no accident; a poor noble cannot
afford to raise troops for a rebellion, whereas one with too

much wealth may develop ideas above his station. And a
noble must entertain the monarch generously — anything
less would seem disloyal. (Of course, impressive hospitality
is a way to make a good impression; some "prodigy houses"
are specifically designed to impress visiting monarchs. This,
of course, has its own risks. A noble who can afford to
entertain too lavishly seems to have some illegal source of
income!)

On the other hand, a monarch ona "progress" (as these
tours are known) is more vulnerable than one in a castle.
Touring like this is not a trick for monarchs who seriously
expect war or assassination. In later centuries, kings such as
Louis XIV will prefer to remain in one place, forcing the
nobles come to him while he retains complete control over
the country and the court.

Noble Houses

The courts of princes and nobility usually resemble
smaller versions of the royal palace — perhaps quite liter-
ally, in lands where the monarch dictates fashion and the
nobility strives to match him. Of course, certain aspects of
the royal system are less relevant elsewhere; few minor
nobles have enough paperwork to need a chancellor, and
servants' titles are likely to be serious rather than honorary.

Noble courts and households range from the spectacu-
lar palaces held by princes and dukes, to the run-down keeps
held by petty knights who can barely afford a few servants.
On disputed borders and in unstable kingdoms, noblefolk
live in large castles, with well-armed followers; in peaceful
lands, the rich-prefer warm, luxurious houses with fewer
defenses.

A nobleman (or woman) of reasonable standing usu-
ally owns several houses. And although he probably doesn't
travel around "in progress" the way his queen does, the wise
nobleman spends time all over his province, moving from
place to place in order to keep an eye on things. He might,
of course, elect to remain at one favorite residence, amusing
himself at his domain's expense and leaving his affairs in the
hands of his servants. This is a quick route to unpopularity,
of course, and a good way to get cheated by disloyal
subordinates. Unless a lazy nobleman is ruthless and strong
(or fantastically — perhaps magickally — charismatic),
he'll probably find himself on the receiving end of a re-
volt... or a royal execution.

Unlike his sovereign, a nobleman often handles his
own protection. Hence, he usually maintains a small but
loyal band of personal guards, spies, and torturers to handle
problems. Powerful nobles, like Cesare Borgia, have dun-
geons beneath their estates. It's said that Borgia disposes of
several enemies a day in his "private chambers." Consider-
ing the ambition, decadence and sheer paranoia of many
noble folk, Cesare is probably the rule rather than the
exception, at least in the World of Darkness.


ed ITEM, FIRST: | Ree
THE AGE OF LOO POAOSE
: mee | he a

Some courts, in contrast, can be frivolous, even down-
right sybaritic, intended more for entertainment than for
any form of government. This is particularly true of house-
holds run by wives or junior offspring of kings or other great
figures. The king can retire there occasionally for amuse-
ment; the rest of the time, the idle rich treat them as centers
of fashion. Intrigues in such pleasure-palaces are played for
smaller stakes than at the royal court, but can still become
vicious. Sometimes, a barbed remark leaves the victim a
social outcast; occasionally, squabbles turn into real duels
to the death.

The court of Marguerite of Navarre (1492-1549) is
such a place. Originally the sister of King Francis I of
France, Marguerite of Angouléme marries Henry II of
Navarre, and becomes a queen in her own right. A writer,
poet and noted skeptic of Church doctrine, Queen Mar-
guerite holds some fairly complex, unconventional religious
ideas. Although she's not a Protestant per se, the Queen
protects both Protestants and free-thinking Humanists,
sometimes successfully, sometimes not. Marguerite seems
to permit and even encourage relaxed morality at her court,
perhaps in the style of old-fashioned "courtly love," and she
is attacked for her skepticism and free-thinking by puritans
of every stripe (including some Protestants whom she once
protected). Marguerite's popularity with Francis and with
her subjects shelters her from outright persecution, how-
ever, and she remains a patron of artists and philosophers
for decades to come.

(Marguerite would make an excellent character to
feature ina chronicle. Although she's prone to sermonizing
and debate, the Queen has an insatiable curiosity for
unusual ideas, and could make a helpful patron for magi of
almost any sect. (Excepting, of course, openly Infernal or
barbaric ones.) She might even be a magus in her own right,
although if she is, she keeps such practices very quiet!

Merchant Houses

In this age, merchants are not, asa rule, as powerful as
kings or feudal lords. (The exceptions being, of course,
Italian merchant-princes such as the Medici and the fabu-
lously wealthy Fuggers of Austria, who eventually become
nobility.) Thus, even the wealthiest of them do not gener-
ally maintain great courtly houses. Doing so would probably
provoke the bluebloods, who tend to regard their noble
birthrights rather jealously — and who usually command
armies, as well. Still, a prosperous merchant lives very well,
and he controls a household as busy and intricate as many
a lord.

Considering that he's made his fortune the hard way, a
"merchant prince" may be more willing to get his hands
dirty in the household's day-to-day business. (Or in the

shadow intrigues that seem to underlie most business trans-
actions.) Many merchant houses incorporate the family's
warehouse, and the masters of the family descend there
each day to supervise deliveries and deal with visiting
customers. Even so, merchants do have servants and ap-
prentices to perform the routine labor; wise ones also keep
bruisers on the payroll for the inevitable downturns and
disputes.

These days, nearly all merchants belong to trade guilds
(and have ties to, if not membership in, the High Guild
itself). Such guilds have bylaws and agreements that limit
overt warfare, but sometimes encourage covert assassina-
tion, deception and sabotage. (A little bloodshed is always
good for business, so long as things don't get out of control.)
These associations have sumptuous meeting halls deco-
rated with finery associated with the trade in question
(grand tapestries for clothiers, sculptures and elaborate
architecture for stonemasons, and so forth), and often

contain shrines to the appropriate saints. Dark folk tales &

claim that other, more-sinister altars can be found in the
catacombs beneath many guild halls, too, but very few
people who see such things — or speak of them — survive
for long.

A truly wealthy merchant owns a grand house in or
around the town's main square, often across the street from
the guild hall, marketplace, or both. His less-successful
brethren acquire property near the main gate or a navigable
river. Even merchant sea-captains, who spend much of
their lives aboard ship, like to have decent houses ashore.
After all, a sturdy house (often decorated with nautical
gear, exotic trophies, and seaworthy architecture) provides
storage room for goods, a comfortable resting-place during
off-seasons, and a jolly place for celebrations and reunions
with old shipmates.

Unlike kings and nobles, merchants don't have many
traditional social duties — a wedding, meeting or banquet
now and then, but nothing too vital. Hence, these "new
princes" live fairly private lives. Unless she wants to be
arrested for burglary, a character who wants to get into a
merchant's house will need an invitation of some kind. On
the other hand, few merchants will risk acting hostile
toward strangers. (Unlike nobles, who have little reason not
to be difficult if they so wish.) One never knows who that
new big customer might be! A person who wants to visit a
merchant at home simply needs an invitation to a party,
membership in a guild, a favor to extract, or business to
conduct. As one might imagine, such things are easy enough
for certain magi (say, Guildsmen) to obtain, and damnably
difficult for others (say, scabby Pagan vagabonds) to get.
Wealth has its privileges, as they say, and although a
merchant might be born of common stock, he can afford to
keep exclusive company.


RV RTOS) | SWASHBUCKLER'S
Ns =(G@| HANDBOOK :

\) Princes of the Church

In an age when bishops and cardinals command great
estates and even principalities, and the Pope's word is law
(in some matters, at least), leading churchmen possess their
own courts and palaces, with laymen employed as servants,
soldiers and officials. Technically, these properties all be-
long to the Church, but the bishops, abbesses, cardinals and
so forth who maintain these grounds are essentially lords
and ladies of the realm — and are frequently more powerful
than the secular nobles around them. A single earl, for
instance, has only his personal power and the authority of
a distant monarch behind him; a bishop not only com-
mands secular authorities, Church underlings and his own
congregation, but he also holds the keys to Heaven and Hell
in his theoretical grasp. Many a man would rather defy an
angry baron than an angry priest; the baron can only kill
your body — the priest might save or damn your soul!

Most church folk live communally, bound by oaths of
chastity and poverty. The most powerful and wealthy
officials, though, tend abbeys, monasteries and great es-
tates. Here, clusters of stone buildings house stables, forges,
gardens, archives, kitchens, storage rooms and chapels.
Men and women live separately (if both sexes share a single
home at all), and the lesser clergy have spare, tiny quarters,
often furnished with only cots, tables, and perhaps a chest
and chair or two (as well as the obvious crucifix for medi-
tation). In many orders, new initiates share large common
rooms and work together under the supervision of senior
members. The seniors often have private cells; in the case
of chief officials, these quarters can be quite luxurious, and
often contain small laboratories, reading-rooms, or per-
sonal vaults.

Inall but the most remote monasteries, laypersons tend
the livestock and grounds, in return for shelter and church
services. Many of these folk are orphans, prospective ini-
tiates, or sinners working toward penance, and they live
separately from the ordained clergy. According to many
accounts, underground tunnels run between the living
areas of the priests, nuns, and laborers; at night, it is said,
dark trades of flesh and spirit stain these corridors, but by
day the clergy and their flocks keep a respectful distance.

Still, there are always differences between secular and
Church courts. Senior clergymen must tend Church busi-
ness, and like to be thought to live holy lives. Lesser priests
and sisters work among the laymen to handle religious
matters, while their seniors maintain communication with
nearby cathedrals or great churches. The usual court ranks
are absent here; all residents are considered brothers and
sisters in Christ — the only "official" distinctions are those
between ordained clergy and laity, and between officials,
seniors and novices.

Status and intrigue take different forms in Church
"courts." Here, piety, rather than cleverness, is considered
the greatest virtue. Murder is never an acceptable policy,
although disgrace and charges of "heresy" often render
violence unnecessary. Drab robes and ceremonial vest-
ments make fashion a moot point, and flirtations between
the sexes are strictly forbidden. Celibate clergymen are not
allowed to have wives or direct heirs; succession is supposed
to be decided by merit and seniority. Of course, during the
Renaissance, many leading clerics flagrantly disregard their
vows, and may actually have offspring (usually tactfully
referred to as "nephews") working around their palaces.
Nuns, of course, face shame or exile if they're found to be
pregnant, but "orphans" tend to show up a lot around
convents, and many seem to resemble Church officials.

In fact, in the popular, scurrilous imagination (and
hence, insome Dark Fantastic chronicles), decadent "church
courts" are the worst of the worst. After all, the king may
keep a mistress without being a terribly bad man otherwise,
but a bishop who does the same thing is violating a sacred
vow. And with one such sin to his name... well, orgies and
other debauchery seem pretty much inevitable. Conversely,
the palaces of devout and fanatical churchmen may be
rather forbidding places, saturated with austere piety and
blazing with True Faith. Such literally sacred ground may
be poison to many sorcerers, and the church folk who
inhabit it are sure to be sturdy enemies of witchcraft....

Courts of Magick

At the other end of the spectrum, some courts revolve

around magick. The Hermetic Covenants, the great realms (7)

of Doissetep and Horizon, the two White Towers, and
countless other sanctuaries accept "miracles" as the norm.
In distant citadels and gargantuan workshops, magick and
high science create fiefdoms of their own. While such
courts tend to follow many of the mortal patterns, there are
several differences worth noting.

First of all, most wizardly courts are fairly isolated.
Exceptions exist, like the Black Alley of Prague or the
various guild halls across Europe, but for the most part, the
Awakened prefer to be discreet. Thus, wizard-courts remain
relatively independent of mortal politics — the king of
England has little influence in Horizon. Every so often,
mortal wars spill across the boarders, especially during
Shallowings or odd holidays. Mortal rulers still command
loyalty from Awakened subjects, too; King Henry might
not be able to send troops into Horizon, but English magi
might well cross swords with French ones on their king's
behalf. For the most part, though, such courts are ruled by
magi, or by Daedalean masters. The more remote the court
is from mundane humanity, the more powerful the magi

will be.


SN = L ITEM, FIRST: 2 Sa

And they can be quite powerful! Magickal courts are
often wondrous places — castles of ice, floating cities,
libraries that would shame bygone Alexandria, and so forth.
In realms where magick or high science literally shape the
world to suit their masters, anything can happen. Courtiers
in magickal worlds can (and do) employ all manner or
sorcery. The only real limits are the governing masters, the
wizard's skill, and the nature of the realm itself.

The nature of that realm is vitally important. Using the
"wrong" magicks in such a place can be disastrous.
Otherworldly courts and realms tend to "favor" certain
practices; a witch will feel right at home in a coven garden,
where an Artificer's Arts are vain; drop her into his lodge,
however, and the tables turn.... (In game terms, the "right"
styles of magick are considered casual around the court,
while really inappropriate ones are vain. The Storyteller
should decide, based on the realm and its rulers, which
styles of magick are "correct," and which are vain. See the
tulebook, pp. 262-265, for system details.)

As one might assume, wizard-courts tend to be gov-
erned by wizards. Again, the people at the top will depend
on the nature of the court. In an ancient Hermetic hall,
powerful magi set the rules; in a High Guild lodge, shrewd
"Black Uncles" decide policy and dictate protocol. Formal
charters and mystick pacts set the rules for such lands, and
status depends more on experience or seniority than on
royal birth. Most magickal courts house a group of sorcerers,
too; although an arch-magus might have a tower of his own,
councils usually govern large estates. In the case of the great
strongholds of Horizon and the White Tower, the ruling
councils contain members from each sects or Convention.
In "private" courts, where a single sect dominates, most of
the rulers hail from that sect (although token members from

&SS other groups may be tolerated).

Even in these strange realms, however, true sorcerers
are rare. It's one thing to be familiar with magick, quite
another to actually master it. And in many cases, the magi
are far too busy mastering their Arts, teaching apprentices
and waging campaigns to tend to everyday concerns. And
so, mortals (along with the occasional spirit or magical
beast) handle many of the usual servant's chores. These
consors, grogs, brethren and so forth occupy many of the
same offices as their counterparts back home. The advan-
tages of this Otherworldly employment include safety and
the chance to work hand-in-hand with wonders. The
downside includes an additional level of separation; unless
a mortal servant Awakens (and is recognized and trained as
amagus), he'll be one step below the apprentices, even if he
happens to be the highest-ranking mortal in the realm. And
if a magus goes berserk, her first victims may well be mortal
servitors.

Because of the raw power of its residents, a magickal
court needs firm protocols. In most cases, the ruler or
council has enough personal power to enforce the laws; by

agreement, even old rivals unite to defeat someone who
threatens the realm itself. Magickal amusements, diver-
sions, quests and duels bleed off excess tension, and allow
the residents to get along with minimal fuss. If something
truly goes wrong, every magus in the court (hopefully) turns
his or her full resources toward solving the problem. Inter-
nal bickering can be resolved later.

But therein lies the greatest weakness of a wizardly
court: the vanity of power. Many a realm has fallen because
its inhabitants turned on one another, or refused to help
when help was needed. For all their Arts and knowledge,
magi are still people. Aside from the few wizards raised
totally away from humankind, the Awakened are very
much products of their ancestral lands. Hence, worldly
institutions like royalty, prejudice, selfishness, and occa-
sional slavery remain the rule in these distant realms. Even
magick, it seems, can accomplish only so much when
human beings have made up their minds about How Things

Should Be.

CheWays of
Court Life

We are inclined to counsel you to try everything possible to
avoid open warfare. All terms to avert conflict should be weighed
by you, and such caution must be more praised than censured.
To conserve that state is to conserve honor.

— Isabella d'Este

With their combination of large-scale domestic ar-
rangements, politics and business, courts are complex,
bustling places wherein one must know the rules in order to
survive — or at least, to avoid being disgraced. Blueblood
courtiers have it relatively easy; budding ladies and gentle-
men are literally raised from birth learning etiquette, poise,
history and subterfuge. Common-born people get to know
their places by trial and error. The "school of hard knocks"
applies literally in either case. Lessons in protocol are more
often taught by the rod than by soft words.

In old-fashioned households, most folk are born to
their position — the chancellor, maids and soldiers are all
probably doing much the same jobs their parents did. The
Middle Ages were not, one might say, particularly demo-
cratic. Still, even within this ancient pattern, there are ways
to rise to distinction. A loyal soldier can always find
employment, especially under a warlike king; a beautiful,
clever mistress can run circles around royal advisors without
having to bed them all; and any priest with the aptitude to
learn can go far indeed. The Church, after all, gives its
people a decent education (including full literacy); once
within that system, a smart peasant-boy can rise fairly high,
while a scholar-priest from a modest merchant family can
come within mere strides of the throne.

za


S

THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

SS

In the Renaissance, things are becoming more flexible
still. Philosophy declares that human abilities, not Divine
favor, set the measure of a man. Under this ideal, craftsmen,
poets, artists and soldiers from very humble backgrounds
sometimes rise to positions of note. Even so, birth remains
important. "The blood will tell," as the expression goes, and
even the most Humanistic physicians declare that breeding
means far more than achievement.

Gaining Admittance

So how can, say, a peasant character gain entry to a
great house? Within limits, quite easily. As mentioned
earlier, a large household needs plenty of food and fuel, so
farm carts often come and go. Unless the lord of the manor
has some reason to order precautions, a person can easily
slip into the place with a delivery. On the other hand,
passing from the "under-stairs" kitchens and servants' quar-

ters to the rulers' private rooms is harder; a change of
S clothes is just the beginning. Finding long-term employ-
ment ina great house often takes a bit of luck; the kitchens
may need a boy to turn the spit, the guards may be short-
handed, or the steward may want an extra game-keeper.
Even then, though, such posts will usually be filled by
personal recommendations, not by one-on-one interviews.
Feasts and celebrations may grant wandering entertainers
an entrance into the great hall, but strolling players are
regarded as rogues and vagabonds, and will probably be
watched by some sour-faced marshal or butler.

Matters are easier for people of higher rank; the upper
classes value exchanges of hospitality, and highborn folks
enjoy hearing news of their counterparts elsewhere. Thus,
traveling lords often find some way to claim a bed for the
night. Priests, too, can usually gain admittance into any
court. A bishop will be treated much like a secular lord,
while even the humblest friar will probably be treated with
courtesy — it's generally assumed that being polite to such
godly folk gains one the approval of Heaven. (Not that
people assume that all clerics are saintly; there are plenty of
jokes about grasping priests and lascivious monks. But
clergy should be treated with respect to their faces, even so.
If God has issues with their behavior, He can take the
matter up with them!)

People who have recently risen from common back-
grounds to power and wealth complicate matters a great
deal. A newly-rich merchant may well have to recruit
servants and guards wherever he can find them, and while
he's probably a good judge of character (most successful
merchants are), his staff is liable to be a pretty mixed bunch.
Naturally, the bluebloods look down on these newcomers;
in aristocratic courts, there's a lot of snobbery based on "old
names," and people assume that "truly noble" families have
some kind of divine favor that puts them above the rabble.
A rich peasant, to many noble lords, is still a peasant. Still,

that rich peasant has his uses. As the Middle Ages give way
to the Renaissance, wealth and influence begin to mean far
more than pure breeding, if only because the newly-rich
have begun rewriting the rules with gold.

No matter what a person's birth might be, hospitality

is often the rule at court. Remember, the Holiday Inn won't —\\

be invented for centuries, and traveler's lodges are expen-
sive and far between. So long as a visitor pays proper respect
to the lord or lady of the house, brings something useful
(gossip, labor, money) to the table, and isn't an obvious
vagabond or thief, a place will probably be found for the
newcomer. He may have to eat at the low end of the table,
and sleep far away from the family quarters, but he'll likely
receive a good cut of meat and a comfortable bed. In great
trading cities, especially in Italy, the rules are even more
relaxed; here, snobbery is based more on money and ability
and less on ancestry.

Women

I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I
have the heart of a king, and of a king of England, too.

— Queen Elizabeth I

To all appearances, court is a man's world. With the
exceptions of queens and other highborn wives, men hold
all the major offices. Succession always favors sons over
daughters. Affairs of Church, state, law, war and medicine
ate practiced almost exclusively by men; the few women
who "intrude" in these domains are challenged, excluded,
and even burned.

So where do the women fit in? That depends a good
deal on the court or household in question. Old-style castles
and fortresses, especially those guarding frontiers and
watzones, are run as garrisons — and fighting is men's
business. Aside from the lord's wife and her small retinue of
attendants, there won't be many women in residence.
(There will, of course, be the requisite "camp followers"
nearby, but these women would not be considered part of
the household.) That said, a few castles are left in the hands
of widows or wives while the lords are away — and, when
war comes, some such ladies become legendary for their
defiance and skill.

At the other end of the scale, town houses and country
manors have many female residents; here, women often
outnumber the men (who have a terrible habit of dying in
fights, for some odd reason). Although they could hardly be
called "equal" in the eyes of the law, women from the
merchant and noble classes are trained from birth to man-
age households. A good many of them are sharp accountants
and shrewd merchants, and all possess useful skills. Some
even train in their family professions, becoming artists,
blacksmiths, physicians and courtiers. No matter where you
are, the lady of the house is due respect — or else!


ITEM, FIRST: f=
THE AGE OF
MASKS

Costumes ee Sashion -

First impressions count. Among courtiers and merchants ecm can afford more than a basie peasant's smock,
your choice of clothing —. the first thing most folk notice about'a stranger —.may creaté very specific
impressions. Besides, it's acommon fact that people feel more confident in‘stylish or impressive clothes; he who
dresses like a king may well find himselfacting royally. Experts in Ars Cupiditae(seeItem, Third) are keenly aware
of the power of the right (or wrong) choice of: clothing. When preparing their subtle yet powerful Mind workings,
these courtiers pay close attention to the clothing they select for an occasion.

Both Crusade Lore and The Sorcérers Crasade Companion describe thegeneral styles and clothing within
the Dark Fantastic period (see pp.42-44 and 15-17, respectively). R. should look there for details, but note
that details change quite frequently. As living standards; rise and me seek out rare fabrics from far lands, {
Europe witnesses the invention of the modern idea of fashion, Before the Renaissance, clothing was practi 4
and fashions evolved ovet time, if at all. Renaissanice dress, in contrast, changes from year & ; oft :
reason other than novelty. Cloth is probably second only to spices in its importance to long-distatice ice trade i in-
this era. This obsession with display all seems rather trivial, of course — unless you're literally in the business
of making impressions. In that case, fashion-sense is as important as a mystickal grimoire.

Even un-Enlightened folk notice the power of fashion. Some influential courtiers try to control the business,"
introducing "sumptuary laws" to decide who can wear what, and when (and,to prevent upstarts from aping their
betters). Meanwhile, moralists rail against the new fashions, especially,elements, like padded codpieces on men
or low necklines on women, a to flaunt v wearers "sexuality. Peogl of Misans, of course, ignore both the

the courts. cel e

Even military garb has its fashions. Rough- adieubita Beco. who wear tattered clothir ‘
necessity inspire the slash-sleeve trend, which offers the impression that the wearer is. a tough fellow
handle himself in'a duel: (While flaunting expensively colorful under-shirts, no less!) Shov
psychological as well as practical purposes in battle, too; for example, ornate armor can
and that advantage might outweigh the discomfort and risk that wearing it entails. :

Make-up, too, becomes an important accessory. Although they have not yet reached the lead paste-and-
syphilis extremes of 17th and 18th-ceéntury courts, cosmetics and perfumes are essential to a good courtier. (If
only because Buropeans bathe so infrequently.) Women cultivate pale complexions with powder and lotion, and
accent "bedroom eyes" with belladonna tinctures. Applied to nipples and cheeks, bright'touge adds a "healthy,"
lustful glow. Fans — which grow in proportion to tight corsets and layered clothing — become signaling devices
as well; and an elaborate sign language evolves around the flutter‘and fold of a lady's fan.

Men accent theitsexual attributes also; stuffed and colored codpieces vie with musky scents and ruddy
make-up. Thick wigs attest toa man's virility, and sometimes cover oily or lice-ridden scalps. As tobacco smoking
makes its way across the Atlantic, the pipe:and cigarette join essential masculine attire. For those with the skill
and netve to wear them, slender swords and daggers compliment a man's finery, assuring potential rivals (and
lovers) that he's a dangerous fellow indeed!

All these clothes have to come from somewhere, of course. Hence, this age sees the rise of tailoring as a
serious and intricate craft. (Buttonholes were adopted from the Moors around 1250, and the business has been
getting more complicated ever since.) In the courtly arena, a good tailor or dressmaker can be a seriously useful —
contact. But then, money is important, too. However friendly that tailor might be, good materials don't come :
cheap.

=
=

"FO a

Sometimes, a swashbuckling type simply has to ditch the garb. It's pretty hard to scale a wall or swim a moat
in a corset! Many spies and courtly agents have clothes designed for quick shedding (see Item, Third); if nothing
else, a well-placed blade (or Matter-based spell) can drop a few layets,of excess clothing. In a similar vein,
brightly-colored court fashions can be a real hindrance for a courtier who doesn't want to be seen. Fortunately,
a dark cloak is almost always fashionable — and it looks great f for that dramatic leap from the battlements!
Remember, while high fashion and skullduggery sometimes make Soy bedfellows, there's one ale Teason why
swashbuckling and fashion go together: race

They're both about style.


THE Y 2 76 ANZA
SWASHBUCKLER'S PO
HANDBOOK =

Few, if any, European lords maintain harems like those
of the Muslim east, where wives and daughters are entirely
locked away from the outside. Some come close, though.
Wealth enables men with little trust and narrow ideas about ||
"feminine honor" to keep their immediate female family
from contact with the world. Even in Europe, though,
"common wisdom" claims women are sensual and lazy by
nature. While that's hardly an accurate assessment, it's
often considered literally Gospel truth, even by educated
men... and worse still, by many women, too. Indeed, few
men can oppress a woman the way her mother, nurse, and
peers can manage. Other ladies, after all, dictate how "good
ladies" should behave, and any girl who bucks her status
must fight the tide of her own femininity.

At worst, high-ranking women are treated as mindless
decorations and baby machines. At best, they're considered
bonny playfriends, but insidious threats. The double stan-
dard is very much in force, so men are admired for their skill
in seduction, while women must preserve their modesty;
women with a taste for "courtly love," such as Marguerite of
Angouléme, must tread carefully and recall that discretion
and secrecy are part of the game.

Meanwhile, marriages are taking place a little later
than in previous centuries; girls are no longer necessarily
married off the moment they reach puberty. This, in turn,
creates a category of unmarried upper-class girls who attract
— or pursue — romantic attention. Much as this state of
affairs (literally!) appeals to poets, it's a concern for fathers
and brothers, who are quick to put hands on swords when
the girls receive too much admiration. Sadly, many (though
not all) noble girls are considered bargaining chips in the
family's fortunes. They might marry well, or badly, but
rarely do they marry a man of their own choosing.

Women among the servants and peasantry can't afford
fastidious modesty, of course, and they enjoy a bit more
freedom than their upper-class sisters do. (This is true even
in lands where the harem is commonplace; in fact, there's
a whole class of female brokers in the Muslim world, who
handle trade between harem and bazaar.) Upper-class rakes
often consider such women legitimate prey, but the women
themselves may have their own ideas about correct behav-
ior. In story terms, this sexual hide-and-seek can lead both
to tragedies (wherein arrogant rakes exploit and abandon
servant-girls) and comedies (in which quick-witted girls
evade and embarrass upper-class lechers).

And then there are the women who exploit their
sexuality, either out of necessity or, very occasionally, with
free-spirited flair. In this age, a streetwalker's life is pretty
dismal; a few harlots gain positions (pun intended) in
brothels, or become mistresses to powerful men, but most
age badly and die miserably. Free-love advocates (and there
are quite a few of them, even now) prefer to keep their affairs
discreet, or to work as spies or professional muses, inspiring
and modeling for the poets and painters of the age. Some


T(E

ITEM, FIRST:
THE AGE OF
= MASKS

WAT
ff| randy wenches, like the infamous Lucrezia Borgia, become

serial wives or mistresses, keeping stables of husbands and
lovers under their command. It's an uncertain life — there
are no guarantees — but a smart, lucky mistress can stock-
{ pile money, true affection, and even political influence in
ways no man could dare to dream of.

Near the very highest levels, true courtesans — gener-
ally women with some education — attain a substantial, if
precarious, place in society. Not every city has such ladies,
but some, like Venice, become famous (or infamous) for
their beautiful and charming courtesans. The greatest cour-
tesans, like Veronica Franco, become celebrities, patrons of
the arts, even artists in their own right. Courtesans lead
precarious lives; age, disease, or bad luck can reduce them
k) to poverty. Even so, very few women in this era enjoy the
freedom of movement and influence that Italian courtesans
sometimes attain.

And then there are the royal wives, mothers, nurses,
noblewomen, abbesses, and other "matron" figures — the
literal and symbolic mothers of the kingdom. Every noble-
man, no matter how pigheaded he might be, has a mother.
A strong woman — and most female courtiers are quite
strong, thank you — can command the throne by sheer
force of personality, simply by playing the Mother card, the
Mistress card, or both. Powerful queens, like Isabella or
Elizabeth, become, in effect, married to their kingdoms;
lesser noblewomen become matriarchs of their own do-
mains.

If nothing else, noble women hold the key to succes-
sion. Without wives, there are no legitimate heirs. Without
heirs, there are no legacies; without legacies, kingdoms fall
to ruins. While this fact might suggest that all women are
slaves to the state, quite the opposite is true. Women might
be denigrated in the law books and the pulpit, but without
them, not even the most medieval courts could function.

page

Nationalism is still a fairly new idea in the 15th
century; thus, a foreigner will encounter fewer problems
than one might expect — up toa point, anyway — when she
arrives at court. A king or lord will regard someone of
similar rank from a neighboring land as an equal, and
perhaps converse with her in a "courtly" language such as
French, or Latin, the scholars' tongue. (Even a clever noble
may know only a smattering of Latin, however; most nego-
tiations end up being conducted in a bastard mix of two
half-known languages.) The Church transcends national
boundaries, and all priests supposedly speak Latin, while
merchants cannot afford much open prejudice (though
they may consider people of different nationalities rather
difficult customers). And in busy trade-towns like Venice
or Prague, courtiers, servants and even citizens have seen
enough foreigners to ease most cultural shocks.

Allis not peace and love, however; most peasants, and
even many landowner-knights, know very little about what
lies beyond their home village. To these folk, any stranger
is peculiar — and if the stranger doesn't speak the language
all honest folk do, it proves he's more thana little bit sinister.

Even the greatest tolerance of foreigners has its limits,

too. Firstly, this is an age of religious conflict; Catholics in ||
Protestant lands, and vice-versa, have problems ranging {

from the trivial to the fatal. Non-Christians have to tread
very carefully in Christian lands, and non-Muslims are
considered somewhat unclean, even if they're fellow "people
of the Book." (Jews are sometimes tolerated, sometimes
persecuted, under both religions.) All "outlanders" from

wild areas are assumed to be ignorant barbarians, even if

they supposedly follow the "right" religion. And while

everyone likes to hear odd stories about those distant lands, #y

no one wants a savage at the dinner table!

Be

the iorandesti ee Senet are DARA filthy.
: Dogs vie for table scrag lice scrabble through courtiers'

vide exceptions to the rule. Mést visitors fom distant
lands, though, will feel quite uncomfortable. Naturally; ~
this isn't something you'll usually waneto play up ina

_ swashbuckling chronicle — by. European standards,

_ most courts'are itfamaculate = but ic can provide all

© kinds of fun for groups w visiting Batini, h
© Negoma, or other dignitaries must Suffer the dubi
© "hospitality" of European hosts. a
"Conversely, the faraway Courts of the Gian
Empire, Songhai, ‘Cathay, and so forth seem' alien to
Europeans. Strahge scents and spices seem to drift
through the air as.barefoot, oddly mutilated servants
‘attend the guests. Strange creatures — monkeys, cam-
» els, even el take the place of dogs and horses,"
§ and the women eat in separate chambers (whether they
‘Tike it or not), Adventurers used to comely wencheswill
bevery disappointed; in many places, women are veiled ¥
* and swathed in bright but concealing garments. The —
exceptions, dancing slaves and concubines, are scan-
dalous by contrast; even then, however; strict customs
enforce a certain distance. Alcoholic drinks will be
painfully hard tofindi locales, too. The host may
even. demand regular hot bath s from his guests! Thus, a
visitor will | be hard-pressed to enjoy his stay.
Such are the courts of those accursed barbarians!

=a

TV


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK 2

Slaves

Incidentally, slavery is not entirely unknown in Europe in
thisage, especially in the lands around the Mediterranean. Nor
is it limited to galley-slaves and other such wretches. Slaves in
Italy are often taken from Eastern Europe, while Spanish and
Portuguese traders bring captives from Africa and the New
World. For the most part, though, Europe holds few "slaves" as
such; there are no great plantations in these lands, and besides,
serfs work just as well, and at less cost to the landowner.
Serfdom aside, though, outright slavery (of Christians, at least)
is illegal in marty kingdoms. Although Europeans will con-
tinue to keep slaves on other continents for centuries, they
apparently feel uncomfortable with the idea at home.

That being said, it'snot uncommon fora lord or merchant
to keep a few "servants" chained in his dungeons at night.

8Y Granted, he's not likely to have purchased them at a public

auction, but orphans, young bastards, urchins and stepchil-
dren often seem to turn into convenient "labor sources" when
no one's paying attention. (Remember Cinderella?)
Elsewhere in the world, of course — in Russia, the Muslim
lands, China and Africa, in particular — there are a wide variety

4 of slave-owning systems. Such "servants" are often treated better

than the African slaves ofa later day, but while they might accept
their lot in life, they rarely enjoy it. Sadly, slavery of one form or
another is pretty common in the Dark Fantastic world. If youneed
to introduce a character from a very distant land, slavery could
provide a great story-hook. .. and motivate her to get the hell out
of her present circumstances.

Knowing the Dance

You will soon learn who has a good or an evil reputation.
With the latter avoid any great intimacy, not only on your own
account, but for the sake of public opinion; converse in a general
way with all.

— Lorenzo di Medici, from a letter to his son Giovanni

So-called "Renaissance men" earn that name for good reason.
As new arts and ideas flourish, most rulers try to distinguish
themselves from their mud-spattered forebears. By the mid-1400s,
courtiers and sycophants cultivate proper manners, personal flare,
and intellectual achievement. As always, the reality rarely lives up
to the ideal, but courts are places where ideals become manifest.
Ando, as the ideals soar higher and higher, courtly behavior rises
likewise. .. or at least tries to, anyway.

In essence, the laws of court are fairly simple:

¢ Be charming, witty and erudite if you can, silent if
you cannot.

© Be of good breeding, and act accordingly. If you're not of
good breeding, try to act like an honest servant, not a barbarian.

¢ Find your talents, and nurture them to the fullest. If
you're a merchant, be a great merchant. If you can be only
a soldier, then be the best soldier in the land.

© Respect your betters, and be kind to your inferiors.

¢ Fear neither man nor ghost nor rumor; fear only God,
your lord, and the loss of honor.

© Never, by word or deed, risk the safety of the kingdom.

© Your sovereign is always right, even when he appears
to be wrong. For the sovereign embodies the kingdom, and
the kingdom is sacrosanct.

© The host is always right. (Unless, of course, your
sovereign disagrees with the host.)

© Never forget your place in society. Try to improve it,
but do not insult your betters in the process.

© Never make a spectacle of yourself. If you do, make
it look good. (Even then, however, your host might not be
pleased.)

¢ Honor beauty, which manifests perfection, and nur-
ture it when you can.

¢ Likewise, shun ugliness, which manifests corruption.
Avoid it, drive it away, or try to change it into beauty.

© Conduct yourself with grace and confidence, but
shun arrogance — it's unseeingly.

¢ Medieval manners— licking your fingers, spitting on
the floor, slurping soup, grinding your teeth, etc. — are to
be avoided in good company.

¢ Dress well and neatly, according to your station.
Clothing reflects taste, and taste reflects the heart.

Be honest, strong, and wise — or at least appear to be so.

© Show neither greed, nor envy, nor rage, nor sorrow.
Wear a mask upon your heart, and let it display only what
you choose to show.

¢ Improve yourself with constant challenges. When
you lose — and you will — do so with grace and humility.

¢ Suffer no man's insults. Bear a woman's insults, but be
sure to maintain your honor in the process.

© If and when your honor is besmirched, do whatever
it takes to redeem it.

Practice the study of arms (if a man) or the fine arts
of eloquence and charm (if a woman).

Let reason, not superstition, be your guide. (Youcan see
how this rule might present a problem to wizards in the midst.)

Like a maresca, this dance seems deceptively simple.
When one tries to master the steps in time to the music,
however, the complexity of the dance becomes clear. No
mortal can live up to all the courtly ideals — especially not a
mortal involved in politics! But the dance demands grace, and
so courtiers try to move with as much style as they can manage.

The precise steps in this dance vary from court to court, |
and often from season to season. Few people could ever hope I
tomaster themall, and those whodo manage spend their whole
lives keeping up with the changes. The most important aspects
of courtly behavior can be summed up simply: Look good, act
well, honor your liege, and don't let anyone else insult you. The
specifics, however, can be dizzying.


ITEM, FIRST:
THE AGE OF
z MASKS

In game terms, a character needs the Skill: Etiquette
just to keep up with the dance. Other Traits, like Artist,
Expression, Subterfuge, Leadership, Dancing and Seduc-
tion, can help compensate for a lack of manners. Anyone
who wants to remain at court for long, however, had better
learn etiquette quickly, so players whose magi lack the
appropriate Trait should spend experience points on it as
soon as possible.

Every court has its hierarchies, too — it's insiders, out-
casts, pawns and players. For the most part, a character will
have to learn who's who by observation, although a friend, a
helpful Merit or Background, a few well-placed Entropy and
Mind spells, or all of the above will certainly help. As any
courtier can attest, it's vital to recognize your partners in the
b) dance. In court, after all, a misstep can be disastrous.

Punishments

This is the Bastille. There is no "afterwards."

— Comte de Rochefort, The Three Musketeers

If a court has rules — and it always does — there must
be penalties for those who break them. And when there are
intrigues afoot, the various parties must have ways of
dealing with their enemies... permanently, and otherwise.

Gallows, Rack and Dungeon

In the crudest cases, the offended parties simply turn
their rivals over to the law. Medieval practices are still very
much in force, and a good public (or not-so-public) execu-
» tion is still fun and legal. With or without magick, it's an
easy thing to have someone taken down by the authori-
ties... especially if you happen to be the authorities.
While Renaissance law is a little more refined than the
medieval version, its penalties are still quite, well, medi-
eval. Few lands or rulers have abandoned the thumbscrew
and hot irons, and some enjoy coming up with... inven-
tive... ways of inflicting pain. As kingdoms become nations,
many rulers devise new and hideous punishments as public
displays of power. Although many noble folk are granted
the dignity of a quick beheading, the English practice of
hanging, drawing and quartering (in which a man is pub-
licly dragged behind horses, choked, stretched, eviscerated,
dismembered alive, then beheaded) becomes a standard
punishment for treason.

A character who has been caught breaking an impor-
is tant written law can usually expect death (fast or slow,
| depending on the crime, the legal system, and the social
class of the criminal), or at least banishment. This last has
the advantage of placing a minor enemy, or one who has too
many friends to be killed safely, out of the way without
bloodshed. The drawback? Exile allows an enemy to plot
against you from a distance — unless, of course, he suffers
a tragic "accident" far from home. Some courtiers choose to

flee their homelands before they get caught doing some-
thing wrong. For such instances, a wise courtier makes
plenty of friends abroad. After all, that contact in Prague
may come in handy someday if you need to track down an
enemy who has fled there... or in case you need to flee there
yourself.

Long-term imprisonment is fairly unusual in this era,
unless you're too important to kill outright. For most }
lawbreakers, a gaol exists for interrogation, punishment,
anda brief rest before execution. Major political or military
figures, however, might be held for ransom, or as hostages
for some forthcoming deal. Sometimes, royal folk hesitate
toshed royal blood, partly out of sentiment (it's a hard thing
to kill your brother), political reasons (it doesn't make you
look very good, either), or both. In that case, the detainee
could be imprisoned for years or even decades, like Mary,
Queen of Scots. Depending on the circumstances, such
imprisonment could be fairly pleasant (confined, but not
imprisoned), generally unpleasant (locked in a cell, but f

in the Iron Mask). Even under the best of circumstances,
though, a captured courtier lives under the Sword of
Damocles. Who knows when, or if, the captor will decide to
take care of his "guest" permanently? Imprisonment, even
the "good" kind, cuts a character off from the rest of the
world. The uncertainty itself becomes a form of subtle but
implacable torture... and it's supposed to be.

(Storytellers Note: Oh, and yes, most gaolers do take
precautions against magick when their "guests" are sus-
pected sorcerers. This is an age of witchcraft, after all, and
one can never be too careful. See "Commonfolk Magics" in
the rulebook, p. 267; if all else fails, chains, crosses and
branding irons are said to be quite efficacious.)

Common criminals whose offences are too serious for
fines or religious penance, but not severe enough for capital
punishment, are usually branded, stocked, whipped, or
otherwise mutilated. Subjecting a noble prisoner to such
treatment is a major insult, however, and usually isn't worth
the risk of retaliation. Still, it's worth noting that most lords
will have a gaoler or two who's clever with hot irons, even

if that lord is generally pleasant and humane by the stan-
dards of the age.

Blades and Goblets

There'salways the direct approach, of course. Many acourtier
hassimply had herunderlings beat a rival senseless, or dropped bit
of "Borgiadiplomacy" intoan enemy'sdrink. Such tacticsare risky,
of course — murder is murder, no matter who you are — but they
do get the job done quickly. Magi, with their mysterious Arts, can
take their rivals down quietly and with little trouble. But what can
be done to others can be done to you also, and few court sorcerers
are easily recognizable for what they are.


4 THE " :
SWASHBUCKLER'S
"( HANDBOOK : =

Inmostcases, courtier will send dupesofftodoherdirtywork.
Even in rough-and-tumble courts, rulers tend to takeadim view of
things when their aides off each other on a regular basis, so
discretion is always the better part of treachery. In game terms, a
"hit" provides an excellent opportunity to spice the story up with
some combat without breaking the mood, or killing the main
antagonists before things get interesting. Naturally, any noble
plotter augments her hired ruffians with a few competent, loyal
enforcers. In The Three Musketeers, Cardinal Richelieu— with his
guardsmen and his agents de Rochefort and de Winter—provides
the perfect model for a courtier who can backstab his opponents
without ever soiling his hands personally. Ofcourse, the Cardinal's
agents constantly lose to d'Artagnan, but perhaps the Musketeer
is just lucky...

Some courtiers, like Tybalt in Romeo and Juliet, or "Prince"
INN Cesare Borgia, enjoy getting their hands dirty. Cultivating a
fierce reputation, they literally cross blades with their enemies
YA. one-on-one, and usually win. This tends to be risky; Cesare had
money, charisma, great strength, and the Pope on his side, but

f problemspersonally, eitherwith poison, blades or Ars Cupiditae.
Andas their rivals can attest (the living ones, anyway), these
courtiers are frighteningly good at their jobs.

And then there's the old standby, poison. Many noble-
men wear ruby and coral rings for a reason — such charms
supposedly protect one against liquid treachery. (Sometimes,
they even work; see Item, Third.) Alchemists, apothecaries,
and old witch-women maintain booming — if illegal — trades
in poison; even monks experiment with the stuff, if only out of
curiosity. Naturally, poison is deeply forbidden. No lawmaker
wants to drop dead after supper, so poisoners are executed in
the most horrible ways imaginable. (Roasting and burning are
fairly common sentences; one assassin, though, was smeared
with honey, tied into holes cut in the bottom of a boat, and left
to rot in the sun, eaten by flies on top and fish underneath. He
took over a week to die.) This doesn't keep courtiers and their
agents from employing the fatal draught, however. Indeed,
some courts feature "arms races" in which the various courtiers
secretly try to outdo each other with the style and lethality of
their brews. Let the diner beware!

(Note: The main rulebook features system and Storytelling
details about poisons on pp. 98, 190-191, and 201-202; The
Sorcerers Crusade Companion includes an Appendix full of
toxins on pp. 175-177.)

Shame and Ostracism

Not all courtly conflicts are about law or death, however,
and defeat can take many forms. In an age that (supposedly)
combines medieval honor and chivalry with new sophistica-
tion and wit, one's reputation and social standing are
exceedingly important. Sometimes, humiliation can be pun-
ishment enough.

Despite the extravagant manners described in Baldesar IAs
Castiglione's Book of the Countier, this isn't yet the age of perfected Wy
status-games, of Voltaire, Dangerous Liaisons and Ridicule. Even so,
an old-fashioned sense of honor can make disgrace painful, and
social status and access to power can give ostracism a nasty bite
indeed. Social punishments are very useful in court; they teach
offenders a lesson without getting blood on the carpet, and often
cut them off from their power base as well.

Social ostracism involves making your rival look so bad in
the eyes ofher peers that she essentially becomes her own worst
enemy. You could make her look like a fool, a dolt, a heretic,
or even a traitor. The rumor could be true (see Dangerous
Liaisons) or false (see Much Ado About Nothing), but it should
be memorable enough and damaging enough to cause a lasting
scandal — with potentially serious complications.

In times and places where strict formality (or morality)
holds sway, a woman may be disgraced if she seems guilty of
sexually dishonorable behavior; a man, in turn, can be ruined
by accusations of cowardice. When a strong-willed or excep-
tionally fashionable monarch, like Henry VIII or Marguerite
of Navarre dominates the court, the mere hint of royal distaste
can utterly destroy a lesser being. And in especially dissolute,
fashion-obsessed courts, defeat in matters of wit and style can
instantly lead to social disaster (see Ridicule).

A courtier can recover from disgrace in various ways,
depending on the atmosphere and nature of the court. Leaders
of fashion and wit often have poor memories, so time may heal
social wounds and personal accomplishments may win one a
reprieve. In cases where some specific social crime was in-
volved, the victim or her friends may be able to disprove the
charge logically; this can provide an excuse for a detective-
style plot within a game. In some cases, the pariah may appeal
to an ally for help. This may or may not work, and it will cost! y
(See the Flaw: Beholden.) Ifall else fails, a disgraced personcan Copy
always win her way back into favor through some great g
accomplishment or adventure — possibly turning the disgrace
against her enemies in the process. Respect, after all, is a fluid
commodity, and rarely stays fixed for long.

In certain instances, nothing can wipe away the stain.
Some scandals are too serious or memorable to forget — or
grow even worse in the telling. At this point, a "fallen" woman
may retire to a nunnery or remote country estate, while a man
fights a series of duels, or flees abroad. It's often possible to
evade shame by moving to another court, but this doesn't
always work; gossip travels damnably well in this era, especially
if minstrels or magick are involved. Sometimes, social death
seems as permanent as the real kind.

Extreme disgrace may occasionally cause someone a for-
mal loss of status, too. This is usually rare; titles of nobility or
fellowship in some prestigious order are hard things to take |
away. (Nobles don't want whimsical kings playing havoc with |
their titles.) Mere mundane crimes — theft, assault, murder, |
rape — may be punished by law, assuming the law can touch


; i ITEM, FIRST: ——————
= "7 ( @y} .

the aristocrat. Generally, though, titles are only revoked in
cases of witchcraft or high treason — for attacking the very
system that awarded the titles, or the monarch who leads it.

Reputation and standing are every bit as important among
merchants and businessmen as they are among nobles, albeit in
slightly different ways. Contract law is relatively primitive at this
date, and deals are usually made on faith and trust. Note that
around this time, certain bankers and goldsmiths have begun to
introduce paper money to Europe — and that's based on nothing
but trust. Thus, a tradesman's reputation is everything. Ruin that,
and you attack his very livelihood. While an old-fashioned aristo-
crat would say that good name is far more important than money,
amerchantprince would reply thatmakingmoneyandusingmoney
depend on having a good name.

So if you want to destroy a merchant's life, spread rumors
that his credit is bad, or that his ventures have failed. (Asin The
Merchant of Venice.) If he's any sort of competent merchant,
though, those rumors might not be believed; they might even
backfire and win sympathy for him. Either way, youcan expect
that he and his friends will hear about the rumors and come
after you— in most cases, with blades, sometimes with lawyers,
§ occasionally with both. In this age and place, it's sometimes
safer to offend anoble lady thana businessman. Thenoble may
be more willing to forgive.

Blood and Chunder: The
Roll of the Dice

Moststories focus on conflict ofsome kind, and courtly stories
are no exception. Within the formal, sheltered world of the court,
conflicts with nature or bitter fate are rare; most struggles pit you
f) _ againstotherpeople. Thereare many differentwaystoresolve these
AS, conflicts, ofcourse; physical violence is one possibility, but one that
oy shouldbe kept in reserve. These are sophisticated times, youknow,
=,)| and drawing your sword at the feast seems terribly crass.

Crossed Swords

Noblemen are expected to defend themselves, their
families, land, and honor with steel if necessary — but laws
and government are supposed to remove that necessity.
Sensible rulers avoid bloodshed in the court: it's a waste of
useful courtiers, promotes violent solutions, and diverts
attention away from important court business. (It's also
really bad for diplomacy; forging an alliance gets difficult if
your chamberlain guts the ambassador.) This realization
displays one of the main differences between a medieval
court and a Renaissance one; in this enlightened era, a safe
and sturdy nation is considered more important — more
rational — than a warrior's playground. There will always be
a place for war, naturally, but the old idea of rulership at
sword-point is giving way to the concept that the kingdom
is more important than the crown.

Of course, given the tenor of the times, bloodshed still
occurs —so it is regulated. Duels are not quite as formal now
as they will become in a century or two, but they still have
tules and etiquette. A duel, legal or otherwise, usually
consists of the two parties stepping outside the building and
having at each other with whatever blades they chance to
be wearing; even now, though, formal codes have already ||
appeared. Challenges must be open and explicit; weapons
must be fairly evenly matched; third parties may attempt to
reconcile the opponents before the fight, and without
disgrace to either party; and fights may well end at first
blood or first yield. (In the later Renaissance, however,
weapons will be precisely matched, favored combat tech-
niques will be designed specifically for dueling, and men
will die over the fashionable length of a cuff.)

None of which means that game-stories cannot in-
clude combats at court; indeed, in the narrowest sense of
the term, "swashbuckling" adventures involve little else.
For those moments when blades call the tune, see the classic [SS

tulebook (pp. 197-198) and The Sorcerers Crusade Com- ‘1
panion (pp. 163-173). However, violent conflicts—formal Y_/
duels or freeform confrontations — should be rare, the
highlights of the story, not routine amusements for jaded
players who want to work off their frustrations. Swashbuck-
ling is all about class. So, from a story point of view, save the
glittering blades for important moments, and let charm and
intrigue carry the day. Characters who reach for a weapon
—whethera broadsword, a rapier, or a Daedalean repeating
pistol — will be treated as little more than ruffians. They
may crush all their opponents in combat, but they'll find
little help or friendship at court.

Sharp Words

Plenty of courtly conflicts are completely resolved with nary
a drop of blood. Clever judgement, fine words, and a bit of sexual
seduction can make pretty effective weapons at court. Many
courtiers are more famous for their deadly wits than for their
swordsmanship. This, too, marks a difference between Renais-
sance "high society stories" and other, less subtle courtly tales.

Unfortunately, it can be difficult to handle in a game.
Players are comfortable with their characters aiming guns or
working magick — that's just a question of rolling dice — but
subtle social interactions are supposed to involve roleplaying
and speaking in character. That can get tricky. Oh, youcan roll
contests of Manipulation + Expression or Wits + Etiquette, but
it's not terribly satisfactory.

Fortunately, there are ways around such problems. Let
players speak in characteras muchas they can, but use dice rolls
to prompt them as to how well their characters are doing.
Various different Attributes and Abilities may be relevant at
different times:


———— =e, THE a 5 if

¢ Wits can be used for coming up with clever remarks on
the spur of the moment, for winning a contest, or for out-
thinking a rival.

© Manipulation covers knowing when to speak and when
to remain silent.

© Appearance helps a character get by on sheer beauty.

© Expression enables a character to hold the floor in the
midst of a party, and to make an impression even if she doesn't
know social subtleties.

Etiquette is vital in court; with it, a character knows how
(and how not) to behave properly, dress, eat, jest, recognize
and address her betters, and make a cutting remark without
stepping out of line herself.

Other Traits, like Dancing, Intrigue, Logicand Seduction
have their own uses. For specific rolls, see "Intrigue and Social
Occasions" in the rulebook, pp. 190-191. For roleplaying
prompts, see The Sorcerers Crusade Companion, p. 110.

Social botches or defeat usually lead to disgrace and ridicule.
S Failure during direct sabotage (such as spying on an enemy) could
J) be considered actual lawbreaking, while, say, insulting the queen
may be interpreted as outright treason. Troupe input can be pretty
useful in these situations. Ifa player makes a good roll, let the other
playersdiscuss (briefly!) whathercharactermightdo. Ifshebotches,
suggest that her character has done the worst thing you can think
of — and perhaps let the other players suggest what might have

"1Am Undone!"

When the social ax falls, the blow can devastate a
courtier. In a setting where honor and status are so important,
the loss of either (or both!) can literally render a person "dead"
in the eyes of her peers. At the higher levels, a vicious rumor
or social sin becomes more than an insult. It can cost titles,
land, money, friendships, even family ties... especially if the
story happens to be true.

In game terms, rumor-mongering (false or otherwise)
often involves a plan of attack, followed by a series of "social
intrigue" rolls and possibly a bit of roleplaying. Essentially, the
gossiping character decides whom to turn against her rival,
concocts a good rumor, and spreads it. Magick's helpful for this
task, especially weaveries like Chain of Whispers and Wit-
\\ ness to Atrocity (see Item, Third). From there, the effects are
up to the Storyteller; a good roll, of course, should have a great
deal of impact. And, of course, such rumors may be turned
against players' characters, too.

Social stigma can manifest in game terms, too. Several
Flaws — Beholden, Craven Image, Criminal Marks, Enemy,
Family Enmity, Infamy and Oathbreaker — focus on disgrace,
and a character with a shattered reputation might be given
such a Flaw... possibly for good. A treason charge is probably
the only way to take away the Merit: Title; Backgrounds like
Allies, Influence, Resources and Retinue, on the other hand,
may be reduced temporarily or even permanently by social

«
‘

disgrace. Depending on the circumstances, the Storyteller
might take dots away from the character's Background Trait,
and possibly negate Merits like Letter of Commission, Noble
Bearing or Ties. In story terms, the necessary people refuse to
associate with the character any longer, or they strip away
favors, offices and commissions until the character's title is an
empty shell,

In time, the character might win her status back, either
gradually (as time passes) or suddenly (as a great deed earns
new renown). Then again, perhaps the old disgrace is perma-
nent. Such utter ruin can inspire a good character concept,
background or secret (see Item, Third), especially for magi
with bitter histories or low social skills. Many an adventurer
has begun her "career" with a brand, an empty purse, and a
heart filled with shame. Unlike many other unfortunates,
however, she refuses to give in.

"Thank You, Your Grace!"

So why do so many people dare this maze of knives? It's
very simple: some are born to it, many crave it, and all would
rather die than lose it. Courtly life, with its rarefied beauty,
elaborate manners, monetary wealth and social importance, is
too rich a jewel to ignore, especially considering the alterna-
tives, Where else can you bow before rulers, gamble with the
fate of nations, and run dyed silk between your fingers? Even
the lowliest stable-boy stands a little prouder when he shovels
shit in the king's service!

Instory terms, success in court meanssome degree of fame,
fortune, excitement and glamour. And then there are the
practical rewards — titles, commissions, wealth, retainers,
influence, and the chance to get ahead. Swashbuckling adven-
tures offer magi the chance to rub elbows with kings, romance
princes, and protect — or destroy — whole kingdoms. What
more could a gamer ask for?

Oh, that. Well, in game terms, acharactercan alsoearn Merits
(Letter of Commission, Natural Linguist, Noble Bearing, Ties,
Title, True Love, Well-Traveled); Abilities (Carousing, Culture,
Dancing, Etiquette, Intrigue, Leadership, Lore, Poisons, Politics,
Secret Code Language, Seduction, Subterfuge); or Backgrounds
(Allies, Covenant, Influence, Magickal Treasure, Mentor, Patron,
Resources, Retinue, Sanctum, Spies). Atthe end ofa good session,
the Storyteller may decide to award dots in appropriate Traits in
lieuofmere experience points. Assuming that the character(s) had
some opportunity to earn the new skills or honors, the player and
his Storyteller can work out the backstory behind the new Traits
and weave them into the chronicle. Over time, a swashbuckling
character might grow from an impoverished loner to a wealthy
merchant-prince with contacts across the known world.

However, note that while players may be tempted touse their
character's Awakened powers to twist courtly minds like taffy,
overt magick should probably be reserved for emergencies. Work-
ing "witchcraft" at court would surely be considered treason; there
aremany lawsagainst performingsorcery (in legal terms, "maleficia")


T((€

ITEM, FIRST:
THE AGE OF
= MASKS

f{| anywhere, let alone in the presence of one's monarch. Rulers tend
to be touchy about "miracles," strange gadgets, and other odd
happenings, too — and with good reason!

Because of that concern, many rulers and nobles carry
| assorted charms and protective amulets that supposedly ward
off sorcery. While many of these are fraudulent, some are not.
In game terms, un-Awakened courtiers, especially powerful
ones, might well have a few dice of countermagick, True Faith,
or a "hunch" that warns the courtier of incoming magick,
thanks to such defenses. (See that Merit, and "Commonfolk
Magics" in the rulebook, plus the Prelude of this book for an
example.) Granted, magick is supposed to be a great boon in
the corridors of power; even so, hurling fireballs at the sultan
isareally bad idea, though—and might not even work atall...:

Suture Fates:

' Revolutions of the
2 World

Every time I create an appointment, I create a hundred
malcontents and one ingrate.

— King Louis XIV of France (according to Voltaire)
Asthe Rebirth spreads and kingdoms grow, monarchsand
theirroyal courts become the hubs of powerful nations. Hence,
those courts become ever more interesting (if dangerous)
places to live and work. International trade and exploration
widen the influence of kings, while new technologies and

Ne p> philosophies extend the grasp of mankind from medieval

shadows toward the Age of Reason.
Naturally, the Order of Reason loves this development; the
Gabrielites see it as a route to their dream of One World, united

f4)\_ under God, while Guildsmen insist that large, powerful kingdoms

keep the trade-routes safe. The Traditions are less pleased; stronger
governments suppress the local power of Hermetic Covenants,
and the new, dynamic nations extend their power into lands once
dominated by old faiths and tribal cultures. The Council of Nine
never really comes together, however. Instead, they fragment and
leave the field wide open to Daedalean advances and the new
dreams of man. Magick gives way to technology. The future, it
seems, belongs to Reason. The Daedaleans give people what they
want, and what people seem to want isstrong leadership, prosperity
and peace.

Er, did we say peace? That, sadly, is not in the cards. As
Gabrielites watch with mounting horror, France invades Italy
and touches off decades of warfare. Then the schism between
Catholic and Protestant factions tears bloody, burning holes
across the continent— and through the Order of Reason itself.
As all-powerful kings send ever-greater armies against one
another, explorers (and Enlightened Explorators) bring back

wealth from trade with new technology to assert its dominion
over the rest of the world.

By the 17th century, it will seem that all-powerful kings
are destined to rule the earth. Weak or young monarchs lose
their influence to clever, ruthless politicians such as the |
legendary Cardinal Richelieu (1585-1642). The epitome of
the trend appears as Louis XIV of France, the "Sun King," who}
tules from 1643 until 1715, mostly from his astonishing Palace
of Versailles. Here, courtly life reaches a climax of formality
and grandeur; the nobility dare not stay away from court for
fear of being considered rebellious — or worse, unfashionable
— so the king keeps everyone under his control. Spain, too,
develops a strong monarchy, financed by its New World
empire and spearheaded by the powerful Catholic Church.
Meanwhile, Italy remains divided into petty kingdoms and
city-states. Soon, this cradle of the Renaissance slips into
decline. It seems that unity is absolute strength.

However, kings face the occasional challenge. Revolutions, &
partly inspired by religion and partly by unrest, become common-
place. The English Civil War (1642-1651), for example, sets a
would-be absolute king, Charles 1, against his own Parliament.
Charles, who sympathizes with Catholicism, learns the hard way
about the strength of Protestantism among his wealthy subjects.
(In short, they defeat and execute him.) Even then, however,
monarchy is soon restored. It will be several centuries yet before
new forms of government replace monarchs and the nobility.

In the meantime, kings and queens assert their power
with style and ruthlessness. The high age of swashbuckling
— the 1600s and 1700s — arises from the intrigues of
Renaissance courts and flowers like a bloody rose. Even as
swashbuckling enters its wildest phase, however, it's al-
ready out of fashion across most of Europe. By 1700, the real
adventurers go elsewhere: To the Caribbean, where pirates
and privateers match wits with colonial sailors. To the
Africa and the Americas, where daring Europeans wrest the
land from equally determined natives. To Asia, where
mysterious kingdoms open like pearls, but bite back like
sharks. Back in the "homelands," deadlier firearms and
complex diplomacy render sword-swingers obsolete by the
1800s. Just as "magick" fades into the mists of superstition,
the dashing courtier becomes a novelty, the hero or villain
of storybooks, not a "real" agent of government.

That role, in time, is left to "statesmen," eloquent
warriors whose greatest weapons are printing presses, lies
and cannons. Political intrigue becomes the domain of
politicians who do not dirty their hands with bloodshed.
Courtiers now hire experts in violence — soldiers, thugs,
agents, men in black of all kinds. Eventually, such govern-
ment spreads across the world. Swashbuckling, it seems, was
just a phase. A quaint curiosity. A legend. A myth.

Just like magick.



ITEM, SECOND:

them either blame or praise...

Il through the evening, Maria had been
4) aware of the emissary's gaze. She knew that
ei her new dress was having the desired effect
— a dozen male glances lingered just a
moment too long in her direction at one
time or another. There was something about
the visitor's attentions, though — the three requests for partner-
ship in a dance, the air of distraction — that suggested he was
especially susceptible to her charms.

The problem was, she disliked the man and had done
nothing to "charm" him at all. Quite the contrary. Maria was
generally amused by the flattery inherent in masculine interest;
this one, though, had an icy edge to him. The other maids-in-
attendance seemed unaware of the man's predatory nature, but
Maria practically felt it bristling up her back. Perhaps, she
reflected, it was her own animal nature that sensed the threat so
acutely. Unfortunately, it was only later, in her chambers, that
she truly realized how dangerous the emissary was.

Maria had her back to the curtains when the emissary
entered. She heard him slip over the windowsill, but had no time
to turn around. In a moment, his right arm went around her
throat and yanked her backwards. Even as she struggled to ram
her elbow into his chest, his left hand grappled with her nightshift.
She slammed him hard in the ribcage, and he faltered. For a
moment, his grip loosened. Then he spun her around and his hard
fist pounded into her belly.

Therefore, putting on one side imaginary things concerning
a prince, and discussing those which are real, I say that all men
when they are spoken of, and chiefly princes for being more highly
placed, are remarkable for some of those qualities which bring

— Niccolé Machiavelli, The Prince

By the time Maria could open her eyes and focus through
clouds of tears and pain, he was on top of her. His dagger was
out and her shift was in tatters.

She tried to reach for his own eyes, but her fingers would not
respond. Damn!

Then the emissary grunted and rolled up and away. Draw-
ing in a quick, heavy breath that filled her eyes with tears again,
Maria scrabbled for one of the knives she kept nearby. Any
moment, she feared, he'd crush her down again...

But the emissary was on his feet in a slight fighter's crouch.
Now he'd drawn another weapon, and faced away from Maria.
Beyond him stood Gareth, his sword out, the blade up and
forward. With a blank, almost bored expression, Gareth de-
flected the emissary's sword and dagger with quick left-and-right
parries. Despite his bluster, Maria noted, her attacker was a
rapist, not a duelist. The chancellor's bodyguard clearly had all
possible advantages over his opponent. Why didn't Gareth
simply run the man through?

Because, thought Maria as her fingers closed around a
knife-hilt, he wants something. He's waiting.

Indeed, Gareth was letting himself be pushed back toward
the wall. In a moment more, his sword locked hilts with the
emissary's blade. The emissary, baring his teeth like a beast,
drew back his dagger for a thrust that could only be blocked by
Gareth's gauntleted wrist — if at all.

To hell with his waiting! Maria raked the knife across the
emissary' s ribs, whispering a faint invocation to Machaas she didso.


— = THE S : TEN

Wounded, the man gasped, turned back upon the witch....
...and Gareth threw a punch with his sword-hand. His
basket hilt broke the emissary's jaw with a gritty crunch. The
emissary groaned, then dropped, unconscious.

Gareth lowered his sword-point and looked down at his
defeated opponent. "The thing about the Fallen," he observed
with a forced casualness, "is that they are, obviously, susceptible
to temptation and distraction. Not that one should rely on...."

"Bastard!" Maria lunged in and lashed her knife across the
bodyguard's chest. Gareth's eyes flickered with surprise as he
snapped back — not fast enough. Only his brigandine breast-
plate saved him from her thrust. Then his sword whipped up and
@& around, striking her knife aside. With both blades out of line,

they stared into each other's eyes.
"Bastard!" she snarled again. "I'll not play the whore for
) you and that... lizard... you serve. If you wanted this one dead,
% you could bait your traps without me. I'm not one of your

killers."

: "Dead? No, we're not that merciful." Gareth lowered his
blade again carefully, and nodded at Maria's blade, indicating
=4, she should do the same. "We have brave new amusements
1G waiting for him when he awakens."
For a moment, she thought of burying her dagger in the
emissary's throat, neatly combining vengeance, mercy and spite
into one. But then she took in a deep breath (which sent new
spirals of pain through her stomach) , and lowered her knife-hand
to one side.

Meanwhile, Gareth picked up the dress — the dangerous
dress, she now understood — from where it lay draped atop a
chest, and he tossed it to her. She suddenly realized that her torn
shift had left her as good as naked. Grimacing, Maria held the
dress across her breasts and glared at the chancellor's man,
feeling the soft but unmistakable shudder of magick in its broken
threads.

"Mind you," Gareth continued, sheathing his sword, "I
doubt that anything we'll do to that one will be half as bad as he'll
suffer after death." For a moment, he cocked one ear, as if to
hear anyone else who might be coming. There was no one, so he
knelt down to pick the emissary up. "And don't worry," Gareth
added, draping the other man across his shoulders, "I've not
forgotten that you're already somebody else's killer."

"Quite a trick," Maria said dryly, "weaving spellcraft into
the dress." She locked eyes with Gareth, who was moving toward
the open window. Despite her anger and the ache in her belly, she
smiled slightly. "I'll admit," she said, "that's a trick I'd like to
learn."

Gareth smiled in response. Maria had that sort of effect on
people. "Perhaps," he replied, "there are things we can both
teach one another."

"Later," Maria added.
"Later," he agreed.

OfAdepts at Court

Men in great place are thrice servants: servants of the
sovereign or state; servants of fame; and servants of business.
— Francis Bacon, Essays: Of Great Place
Linguistically, "court" has several meanings. In its
original Latin form cohors, it applies both to enclosed areas
and protective fellowships. As a verb, it essentially means
"to woo" or "to flatter," and in the royal sense it refers to the
meeting-places and associations of powerful folk. A court-
ier magus understands the court in every sense; within its
powerful, often protected confines, he flatters and woos his
fellows, sometimes with magick, often with fine words and
favors. Thus, a sorcerer or Daedalean who calls any court
"home" belongs to a special breed. He understands the rules
that govern this "enclosure," works within them, and uses
them to his advantage.
Although some latter-day swashbucklers will prefer
the courts of the high seas (which have their own rough
codes and honors), a magus who plies his or her trade in
Renaissance courts favors politesse over raw power. Whether
he's a servant, guest, guard or ruler, he understands the
importance of social graces... and rules. When such court-
iers do their work, they prize style and subtlety. Let rural
witches cackle over their cauldrons! The urban magus has
more refined methods in mind.

AnAwkward Truce

Politics, it will be said in future centuries, makes for
strange bedfellows. Enlightened politicians of the era of the
Sorcerers Crusade era would understand the sentiment
perfectly. As the main rulebook points out, the budding
Ascension War often spills out into courts and counting-
houses. Still, these struggles rarely escalate into all-out
warfare. Any shrewd courtier knows that an enemy turned
is better than an enemyslain, and many Tradition magi and
Daedaleans recognize potential allies even when the "al-
lies" in question are on a different "side." Metaphors aside,
politics is not a battlefield — the enemies are not divided
into clearly marked armies, and individual truces are pos-
sible. Every courtier has his or her agendas, and when those
agendas meet, bargains can be made. Thus, mysticks,
Daedaleans, independent sorcerers, and even the occa-
sional Infernalist make bargains, pacts, compromises and
alliances with one another — and to hell with orthodoxy!

Such alliances take many forms: Hermetic court wiz-
ards protect visiting Explorators in return for knowledge;
Ksirafai agents manipulate witches to test the loyalty of
other Daedaleans; Solificati trade alchemical secrets with
High Guildsmen, and everyone tries to gain the support of
mundane but useful lords and clergymen.


ITEM, SECOND: | bax

THE DANSE

eS)
=

Any mystick or Daedalean society can have agents in
a mortal court, and most sects contend within the massive
courts of magick that occupy Horizon, Doissetep and the
two White Towers (see Appendix II). By rights, any magus
/ could find a post in or around a palace or manor house: A
witch could tell fortunes, sell charms, protect an ancestral
ally, or assault an old enemy. An artisan or artist could find
patronage amid the courtiers and sovereigns. Clerical folk
are always welcome in court (well, almost always) — they
serve as confessors, scribes, diplomats and tutors. And some
tulers like to keep a "pet wizard" or two in the background,
just in case of trouble.

Despite — or perhaps because of — these strange
"undercourts," three Awakened societies dominate the
palaces and marketplaces of Renaissance Europe:

¢ The High Guild, which was formed specifically to
deal in trade and diplomacy, and in many ways guides the
changes that mark the end of the Middle Ages and the
beginning of the modern era.

© The Hermetic and Solificati Traditions, whose al-
lies, studies and political influence make the combined sect
a force to be reckoned with.

e And the Ksirafai, secret "enforcer" arm of the
Daedalean Order, whose penchants for disguise, informa-
tion, power brokering and seduction make its agents perfect
courtiers in the Machiavelli mode.

Considering their apparent antagonism, these groups
mix pretty well in the ebb and flow of courtly affairs. Most
Crown'd Ones are noble by birth and rich by inclination,
and despite their solitude, these Solificati enjoy the privi-
leges of court. The Hermetics, of course, are past masters of
intrigue and influence; the Houses of Jerbiton, Mercere,
Quaesitor and Tytalus have old connections to royal fami-
lies, and boast enough riches to partner them with many
merchants and craftsmen, besides. Compared to these wiz-
ards, the Guildsmen and Razors might seem like newcomers
at court. That impression, however, would be wrong.

Lords of Deception

Like any courtier, these magi have their rivalries. Yet
all three factions share a common approach to power, and
a similar respect for the rules. But rules, as we know, are
made to be broken. Thus, two other factions threaten the
common good:

¢ Infernalists love to infiltrate and corrupt courts, for
obvious reasons, and they usually find it very easy to do so
— after all, power and decadence breed fearsome appetites.
It's been said that a Hell-born threat is the only thing that
can make mysticks and Daedaleans cooperate, but that's
not always true. Sometimes those factions strike pacts that
have nothing to do with the Fallen; and occasionally,
despite alliances made to stop them, the diabolists win.

Infernalists, you see, are skilled tempters. Many a
Nephandus has turned his enemies against one another
then watched the bonfires from a safe distance. When the
smoke clears, the Fallen One and his cohorts strike deals
with the survivors, buying a new place of influence on the
graves of his opponents. Besides, a clever Infernalist doesn't
need to soil his own hands at all. Courts are breeding-
grounds for greedy mortals who mortgage their souls to
Fallen magi, and those magi know how to turn the court
against potential threats. Witch-hunters are such useful
tools sometimes, and lords are even better...

© And then there are the various vampire clans, with
their immortal powers and vast political experience. Unfor-
tunately, although most Enlightened Ones realize that such
beings exist, few wizards recognize the danger a vampire
presents.

Common "wisdom" claims the former lords of night are
in retreat, banished by the sun of man's "Rebirth." Sadly,

most wizards underestimate the bonds of blood that unite &

vampire society. As the so-called Camarilla comes together
(soon followed by the even more demonic Sabbat), the
former dark lords transforms themselves into puppet-mas-
ters. Consolidating their power, the clans worm their way
into courts across Europe and the Middle East. Most magi,
Daedaleans included, remain blind to these incursions.
And so, for now, vampires seem like charming anachro-
nisms — not serious rivals, but mere curiosities. Time will
show how wrong this perception is...

The wheel spins and the courtiers dance — some with
sharp blades, others with cruel words and promises. And
within this ballet of knives, a handful of magickal and
Daedalean sects understand the steps between than most of
their rivals do. And so they should — for some of them have
invented the dance itself.

Golden Rules: The
High Guild

If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,

Or walk with Kings — nor lose the common touch,

If neither foes not loving friends can hurt you,

If all men count with you, but none too much;

If you can fill the unforgiving minute

With sixty seconds' worth of distance run,

Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,

And — which is more — you'll be a Man, my son!

— Rudyard Kipling, If—

In later days, it will be said that he who has the gold
makes the rules. Yet in the Dark Ages, commerce was
considered a necessary evil. True, the feudal lords protected
(and exploited) their peasants in exchange for food and

(OY ZS


= THE os
ist SWASHBUCKLER'S
( HANDBOOK :

services, but this system of "divine right" left a lot of
common tradesmen out in the cold. Despite the obvious
need for their skills and goods, these tradesmen were often
no better off than the serfs in their fields. (Frequently, in
fact, they were worse off.) And so, at the Gathering of the
Square in 997, merchants and tradesmen from across Eu-
rope, exchanged grievances, and laid the foundations for a
High Guild that would serve as lord, companion and vassal
to them all.

The Renaissance High Guild bears little resemblance
to that small, embittered gathering. Over the past few
centuries it has expanded, broken off from its Craftma
forefathers, and established a ne: and
routes spanning the known worl

SSS.

macy among mortals and mij al
= soon recognized, trade ¢g
wy) bared swords. And so, the
+ aged old foes to work toge

the aristocratic breeding of the G
gious pedigree of the Gabriel
innovations of the Artificers and Co}
the manners and the money... anda
their own.

Methods

tion seem rather shifty compared to their forthrig
companions. In most cases, a Guildsman will exc
favors and coins with a so-called "adversary." True,

N\ "season" the exchange with a bit of Enlightened influence
(and probably wreck his foe's reputation in the bargain),
but as any tradesman will tell you, excessive bloodshed is
wasteful, especially if you're trying to raise humanity above
its present barbarism.

And the Guild, as a whole, is interested in progress.
The gold this Convention is named for reflects both mate-
tial riches and the greater enrichment of the soul. A man
who wallows in mud can be expected to act piggish; in
contrast, one who dines with kings might become kingly
himself. This logic defines the ideal that drives the Guild's

machinations: to raise all men (and sometimes even women! )

; ) ‘ten changing "assignments" when need be. For his efforts,

Vie

to nobility in word, deed and Enlightenment. Thus, vio-
lence should be avoided whenever possible. At those times
when force is required, the old "eggs and omelets" adage
applies (even if omelets have yet to be invented). Gold
must be mined, of course, and dirt must be chipped away so
that the gold might be claimed, shaped and polished. Even
then, however, most Guildsmen favor subtlety over might.
The slender swords and masterful fencing techniques they
employ epitomize the Convention's approach. Why use a
hammer when you can get better results with a knife?

Guilds

e "knives" in question take
sub-guilds each specialize in

ese Resplendent Axes are
agickally Enlightened and
Buildsmen prefer wit and

courtiers @@the
Sr ite
gigs, sgecialized gadgets, and charms
(or bones) with little trouble.
€ recruited for their size, strength,
wave. Nearly all of them are men,

uild, protecting and implementing the interests
eaker "employers." Thus, an Axe travels around,

higd

e's well-paid; although he contributes a share of his pay-
ent to the Axe Guild itself, this Daedalean makes enough
money to live quite comfortably — provided, of course, that
he's good at his job.

Loyal, yet frighteningly remote, a Resplendent Axe
does whatever it takes to safeguard his employer. Combat,
intimidation, torture, and frequently monotonous waiting
all come with the territory. In time, old Axes either retire
altogether, or become House Masters or instructors at
various High Guild lodges. Such comfort, sadly, is denied to H
most Axe Guildsmen; this profession has a very high ;
mortality rate, and the Axe who lives to retire is a lucky man
indeed. /


. : 7 ITEM, SECOND: | fe

rea

MASTERS OF EALOOXCOONGS |

z THE DANSE a

The "Black Uncles" (Patron's The Royal Griffin Guild

Guild) Like the mighty creatures for whom they're named, the
Royal Griffins are regal, hungry and powerful. While the
"Black Uncles" sponsor artists and agents, the Griffins lend
money to sovereigns, banking houses, and large trading
companies (including other Guilds). These folk (often
men, but occasionally women) number among the richest
of the rich. Many a king wishes he had a Griffin's coffers at
his disposal! For a price, that ruler can have all the wealth
he needs. The catch, of course, is that the Griffin will want
his payment returned with interest.
According to the Church, such
usury isasin. Consequently, Grif-
fins don't tend to be overly
concerned with spiritual vir-
tues. A typical Royal Griffin
is pragmatic, astute, and op-
portunistic. Unlike a
Patron, he won'tsimply lend J
out his hard-earned money for
potential returns — he wants
something tangible, and right
now, thank you. When folk
speak of cold-hearted Guilds-
men, they usually have these
bankers in mind. Yet for all
his apparent callousness, a
Griffin has a higher purpose:
without his largesse, without
the money that he so freely lends
away, progress is limited toacrawl. Hence, 4
a Griffin literally buys a better future for
mankind. He simply wants something for his ef-
forts.
Like the "Black Uncles," a Griffin rarely gets his
own hands dirty. Chances are, his riches and bar-
gains have made him paranoid, and he surrounds
himself with bodyguards (often Resplendent Axes)
anda few trusted servants. These underlings insulate the
Griffin from casual contact; odds are good he's an utter
recluse who only sees clients who have something
valuable to trade. This solitude is not universal, natu-
rally — sometimes this Grand Financier is a rather
sociable fellow. In many cases, a Griffin heads a local 6
Guild House, either alone or in cooperation with \
several other moneylenders (Enlightened and other-
wise). After all, a loss shared is less punishing than a loss
taken alone. Every fortnight, the local Griffins all gather
in one or another's House, and old trade disputes are
forgotten as the super-rich raise a toast to the

continuing success of their Order... and to one
another's health, of course.

Wealthy, influential and very, very smart, the Patrons
avoid open combat but relish the social challenges of court
and marketplace. While other Guildsmen bicker or trade,
the "Black Uncles" find worthy artists, craftsmen, agents
and clients, then shower those fortunate few with riches
and power... so longas the beneficiary does what the Patron
wants him to do, of course. To that end, these Daedaleans
specialize in the Arts of Fortune and Charm, leaving
the dirty work to Axes and Rose Guildsmen.

While most "Black Uncles" come from
noble families, some were born to common but
wealthy merchants. Typically, an "Uncle" is
an older man whose financial and social profi-
ciency has already bought him
considerable influence. In many cases, a
Patron begins in another group but joins
this Inner Guild after his efforts have
won him a fortune. Slowing down, he
selects a handful of promising clients
and successors, then uses his money
and power to buy them new oppor-
tunities. Every so often, an "Uncle"
might get involved in a plot or
rivalry; for the most part, though,
these Guildsmen have had
enough excitement for one life-
time, and prefer to sponsor
intrigues instead.

The archetypal "angel" to
artists, courtiers and scholars, a Pa-
tron has keen instincts and an eye for
potential. Approaching a prospective benefi-
ciary, he describes some common ground, makes
the client an offer of patronage, and lets her
know what he expects in return. Although it
soundsrather Faustian, this bargain usually matches
the beneficiary's interests to begin with. The cost
of doing business with an "Uncle" depends on his
agenda; some simply want to encourage philoso-
phy, science and innovation, while others have
more sinister purposes (like disposing of old rivals
or ruining some competition). Many "Uncles"
assume the Magistrate post in a Guild House, then
dictate policy for their underlings. Although Pa-
trons gather every so often to discuss policy, they're
an independent lot. An "Uncle" might sit at the
right hand of aking and the left hand of the Order,
but he prefers to tend his own affairs... or hire
others to do it for him.


sf

q

= THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK

CheAlbatross Guild

Commerce does not stand still. In fact, the stagnation
of the Dark and Middle Ages can be partly blamed on the
narrow bounds of trade and the hazards of long voyages.
Now that the world is opening up, merchants travel on
long-abandoned paths, or blaze new ones to fresh market-
places. Someone, of course, has to make those perilous
journeys —and reap the profits from the risk. The Albatross
Guild (and its counterparts across Asia and Upper Africa)
takes such risks in stride. In the process, its members serve
as couriers, diplomats and ambassadors between the
Daedalean lodges, the Dalou'laoshi,
caravanerai (caravan-shelters) of the
Few human beings, magus or othie
as a brother of the Albatross

Naturally, the albatrossfis

the cricket and the bat —
cal connotations in Eu

serve Fortune/hard work," in®
bats." This association has ca:
years, but the Guild Houses of
auspicious symbols just because sd
tell them to.

ck ass
Despite the occasional misunde: Ve g ensheyy ba
trosses and their counterparts have bé t ccted dines
ripe
Sak ke a

Explorators, these Guildsmen forsake a stable life at hor
for the chance to prosper in distant lands. Their rewards ff

mankind has to offer.

In sharp contrast to "Black Uncles" and Royal Griffins,
the Albatross is an adventuresome fellow. His apprentice-
ship includes both Ars Cupiditae and Ars Praeclarus; after
all, a wandering tradesman should be prepared for all kinds
of crises. Before he leaves on his first voyage, he's trained in
several different languages and varieties of etiquette, given
basic seamanship and riding lessons, and toughened men-
tally, physically and emotionally for the dangerous trials
ahead. Long-distance travel in this era is incredibly hazard-
ous; an Albatross must be clever and tough to survive even
ayear in his Guild. The man (or very occasionally, woman)
who manages to prosper within this fellowship is a person to

be reckoned with. Should he (or she) settle down, an
Albatross often becomes master of a large, wealthy trading-
house, or retires to a secluded villa decorated with trophies
of his travels. Even if he retires, however, the Albatross
remains in demand. Such a well-traveled soul is considered
aboon to any court or council, and he may be asked to work
as an advisor long after his travels are done.

Che Sun Guild

Like the Albatross Guild, the Sun Guild plays a diplo-
matic role in Convention affairs. However, while the
andering merchants seek new marketplaces and wealth,

diplomacy. These folk (men
mbers) serve as seneschals for
Some manage funds and ac-
ide information; a privileged
ans for the Guild; and still
Se plans, bargaining, bribing,
istance to the Convention's

this Inner Guild is fairly mun-
Mend more time balancing
en so, the "vagabonds"
court secrets, and can be

a secure stronghold (often a keep or well-
illa), the Sun reviews information, meets in
her fellow Guildsmen, and plots her lodge's
Aye. Since lodge plans (and merchants) often con-
€ Sun plays an eternal game of Chess; the pawns are

@hortals, the bishops are fellow Guildsmen, the knights and

‘ooks are other Daedaleans, and the king and queen repre-
ent the lodge and its interests. Given her close proximity
to mortal courtiers, vampires and rival magi, the "vaga-
bond" specializes in various kinds of Lore (as the Knowledge
Trait), as well as intrigue, etiquette, politics, and an array of
mind-wrenching magicks. She might not be much of a
fighter, but the average Sun Guildsman rarely needs to fight
openly.

Suns make up the majority of any Guild House's staff.
Most of them are low ranking functionaries — apprentices
and Mediators, not Resplendents — schooled in account-
ing, diplomacy and manners. Those who manage to rise
into the upper reaches of Guild hierarchy demonstrate
formidable ambition, charm and imagination. These folk


ITEM, SECOND: | § = :
MASTERS OF = AACS
= THE DANSE PS)

become the Magistrates of their Houses, and leaders within
the Daedalean Order.

| The Rose Guild

Literal agents of Fortune, these charismatic swash-
bucklers embody the Convention's rapier approach. Fast
and graceful, they take up position and present a charming
image. Just as quickly, they move in, cutan enemy's legs out
from under him, or pierce his heart with a sudden thrust.
The Axes might specialize in carnage, but the Roses prefer
finesse. When an obstacle needs to be converted, seduced,

to act.

While many Guildsmen ag
Daedaleans second, a Rose isat
Each one, male or female, kit
guages, social gamesme
horsemanship, disguise ani
like poison and sexuality.
monly attractive, intelligerit
favor a Rose in whatever shi
training includes the Arts of
force.

A swashbuckler in
a freelance "employee" of the

Unlike an Axe, she usually fava
If violence is required, howeve

survive to Mastery, though, she'll pro
the upper ranks of the High Guild.

our Rose would appreciate Machiavelli's sentiment: "For j
may be said of men in general that they are... anxious,
avoid danger and covetous of gain; as long as you bey
them, they are entirely yours." A member of the Rose G

knows how to play both benefit and danger to her best

advantage.

Membership

intimidated or quietly disposed of, the Rose Guild is read .

—F
Entry into the Guild
Although a fair number of Guildsmen come from noble
families with many Enlightened members (including cer-
tain successful trading-houses), the "gift" is not reliably
inherited. Hence, the Guild is always looking for talent
outside its organization. Nonetheless, Ars Cupiditae de-
mands a specific intuition about the nature of things — \
most especially about the power of money, desire and trade.
Ina world that often considers the merchant a better class
of thief, such broad-minded understanding comes easier,
perhaps, to commoners brought up to trade.
gmen are watched with close but cau-
with the courage and ambition to
ant and request apprentice-
bver; similarly, a courtier with
ay be added to the Guild's list,
Sant or newcomer. For a
is observed, tested from a
any social and philosophi- J
§to come out ahead, a Guild
tor or Patron) will strike up
date. If she seems ambitious,

ombination of worldly skills and Enlightened
ake most Guildsmen a bit too proud; they're
| and sophisticated, and they know it. On the

many prefer adventure to mysticism. Often common-bd A hetihd, a humble or cowardly merchant doesn't last

HI g in his profession. Thus, even the un-Enlightened
embers of this sect can drive a hard bargain, or play a

Apprenticeship

High Guild training is notoriously exciting; the life of
a merchant in this age is full of risks, and those who cannot
adapt quickly are not suited for membership. It's also hard

work; apprentices are seen as precisely that, and traders
need porters to fetch and carry, teamsters to keep baggage-
trains moving, and book-keepers to track every coin they
spend and acquire. (And, in keeping with the attitude of
the times, even minor misbehavior can lead to physical
punishment.) Still, the Guild is concerned with wealth and
social position, and every member must learn to appreciate
such things from the beginning of their training onward.

Like any Daedalean Convention, the High Guild is
very particular about its members. Given the unusual trades
they pursue, Guildsmen must be flexible and clever —
Enlightenment alone will not suffice! — and progressive
enough to challenge both Church and custom as they
purchase a better world one piece at a time.


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

NYT z

amount of comfort, with good food, good lodgings, and the
chance to make interesting acquaintances. These "gifts" are
not free, though. An apprentice must prove she's worthy, or
she's out on the street in no time.

The apprentice must take risks, too — voluntarily and
on her own initiative. Experienced Guildsmen are always
{ ready to teach their students something new, but a student
must seek the learning. If a pupil overreaches herself, she
may have to be slapped down; a decent master, however,
will make it clear that the punishment is being adminis-
tered not for daring to do something, but for not succeeding

as accountants and housekeepers. >}
expected and valued, few members aréjac
change lodges, so longas no oathsor secre

not slaughter — provides the swords in a Guild dispute.
Grand Financiers usually settle their differences with vi-

NIl\ ciousbut bloodless contests of trade, negotiation and political
influence. Only occasionally are blades drawn, and then
the problem is usually settled by a formal duel, not a brawl.
Physical violence between Guildsman usually draws inves-
tigation and censure from senior members and Magistrates.
(Strange "accidents," however, are often considered occu-
pational hazards unless they utterly stink of murder.) In
severe disputes, Magistrates intervene and mediate the
matter. Such mediation can only be enforced at the highest
levels, but all Guildsmen are at least supposed to honor the
peacemaker's vocation.

If the Guild needs to enforce discipline, punishments
usually take the form of huge fines; after all, Guildsmen are
supposed to be good at acquiring money, so anything less
would hardly be effective. Physical injury is considered
crude — if nothing else, it diminishes a Guildsman's all- |
important ability to make a profit for the Order. In very rare
cases, a scandal or crime might force the Magistrate to
impose death or exile. In this case, the offender is usually
turned over to the local authorities on charges (real or
invented) of treason or swindling — after subtle measures
have been taken to prevent the criminal from using En-

ompanions and primitive ri-
ercely humanistic. Generally,

fuite the opposite. Like the

ly Mth the ideals held by the

asons have too narrow a focus —
his own small part of the structure,
regards the rest of it. The Golden

ay Or tools. If the world is God's building, a
v
might say, it is less a static cathedral than a

uildsman, the world is a wondrous place, a web
Onships and communications. And it is the human
gapacity for understanding that gives it meaning. His grasp
f trade, of the intricacies of value and exchange, grants

Creation. To the Floreatus ("Blossoming One"), other
Awakened folk are solipsists; the wizard in his tower, the
witch-coven in the woods, even, frankly, the Artificer in
his forge, all cut themselves off from the wider world.
(Guildsmen who know anything about Batini lore have a
great deal of respect for parts of the "Doctrine of Unity," if
not forall of it.) By sequestering themselves, these so-called
"Enlightened Ones" blind themselves instead. Our Guilds-
man can understand and even respect religious ideals of
human unity under Divine authority; at heart, though, he
probably feels such ideals are unrealistic. Trade is a more
reliable, immediate and equable than a rigid Divine hierar-
chy; better still, it provides a sense of value and a road to


ITEM, SECOND: | BS3—s—eeeeee TG
MASTERS OF POCOGEGO|
= THE DANSE Re)

H self-improvement. Even brothers need to eat, after all. Why
not allow one brother to gather more food, and perhaps
even sell it to his siblings, if the gathering and the selling
will make him a better man?

Other folk consider our Floreatus a miser, but while he
might be vulnerable to wealth's temptations, he doesn't
tend to hoard it like some kind of dragon. By the Guild's
philosophy, material things are to be held, understood and
evaluated; to hoard them is to deny them — and yourself —
a place in the world. Riches might prove a man's skill and
inspiration, of course, but as Christ said, "Let your light
shine before men, that they may see your good works."
Gold, of course, is a material symbol of goodness and purity.
but in the end it's only a symbol. It merely reflects the
of he who gathers it. So while any ged
gold shine in the sun, he's usual
Midas' fate.

dangerously subject to the sin of pride, but charged by
God to aid humanity, not to destroy it.

(True, there are those Floreati who seem to converse with
Mammon or other demons. Those folk never speak of their
guiding spirits, however, and often fear them rather than
worship them... unless, of course, the Guildsman actually does
fall into Infernalism, in which case all bets are off.)

Seekings

Archetypally, a Guildsman facing his or her Daemon }
stands up, folds his arms, and conducts a rational discussion
with it. To a beginner, the Seeking seems like a bargaining
session; as he grows older and wiser, though, the Guildsman

ize to rumor), not everything can be
dvapce in Enlightenment, a true

bi S
the halls of his memory 57

f Guildsman faces some ob- 4 €

Musual path, not the obvious

is test occurs in a man-made

High Guild is, after all, a
loreatus must transcend

? material. Although each Gate
A? Enlightened Brethren and Sis

a true Floreatus is capable off

term "magick"; Ars Cupiéita

Floreatus achieves her mastery of Self
work and advanced philosophies,
fended by the suggestion that she was S@)
Item, Third for further details of this AN

ich Creation is made, philosophy
aturally, different texts and teach-

its associated myths, Guildsmen (and other students of Ags
Cupiditae) have less difficulty with the concept of th
personal Daemon than many other Daedaleans do. It's
heresy or devil worship, merely a product of one's imagina-

4sppears as incredibly valuable matter — liquid gold, heavy
oins, fine silk, Abundanti's Oil, bright gems, and so forth.
s. Dark" Tass, like that distilled from a corrupted or malig-

tion — or, at worst, a guide from God that allows the
Guildsman to achieve his true potential.

Such "entities" take many different forms. Most, though,
appear somewhat human — as ghosts or the more ap-
proachable kind of angel. Some Guildsmen, having delved
into classical lore, are visited by the divinities of the Greek
or Roman world (the Goddess Fortuna seems especially
pleased with members of the Golden Convention). Good
Christian Guildsmen theorize that such "deities" are in fact
an order of spirit-beings below the angels, perhaps

nant Cray, usually manifests as virulent poison, tar, flawed
gold or blood. (Literal "blood money" can and does exist in
a Guildsman's world.) Naturally, this Tass can be quanti-
fied, and thus bought and sold. At that point, fancy
explanations don't really matter. Trade is trade, and Tass is
quite valuable...

The Shadow World

Ultimately, the High Guild belongs to the Order of
Reason, and defines its formal alliances and enmities on


= 4 THE aye =
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

that basis. In many ways, this Convention defines the
Order's ideals, its methods, and ultimately its downfall.
Essentially, the High Guild stands as court champion for
the Daedaleans. Although each member has his or her own
dislikes and favorites, the Order's friends are a Guildsman's
friends, and its enemies, his own.

Daedaleans...

Inside the Order, things can be a bit contentious at
times. Despite the ties between the Crafters and the Guilds-
men, dark clouds have shadowed their friendship. The
sturdy old Crafters (and their fiery young hotheads) seem
too concerned about the plight of the common man; if a
person is so valuable, a Guildsman might argue, why can't
she elevate herself? Ina similar vein, the fanatical Gabrielites
often cross words (and sometimes swords) with their High
Guild allies over matters of faith; the courtiers seem too
worldly for their own good, and the Knights appear ready to
<1 burn the world to ashes if God so commands!

The other Conventions, however, make grand allies.
Artisans and Explorators share many of the Guild's ambi-
tions; in return fora little extra consideration or patronage,
a tinker or sailor might bend over backwards to please a
wealthy sponsor! The old "Celestial" coots in their towers
seem too nosy for some courtiers' tastes, but they're often
rich enough to make the trouble worthwhile. The physi-
cians in their frightening labs seem a bit ominous to many
aswashbuckler, but a Cosian still makes a good friend when
you've got poison in your belly or steel in your back! As for
backstabbing, well, most Guildsmen would understand the
Machiavellian need for secretive "Razors"; just the same,
the thought of these fabled bogeymen makes perceptive
Floreati very uneasy...

... And the Damned

Outside the Order, on the other hand, wait dangerous
packs of beings that all seem bent on making life difficult for
an honest merchant. The world is a rich and wondrous
treasure house, if people would only open their eyes and look
at it; most folk, though, do not, and while the so-called
"traditions" are well acquainted with wonder, they hoard it
like misers, refusing trades while demanding tribute. Oh,
one can do business with individual sorcerers, and if people
don't want to trade there's no point in forcing them —
bloody crusades are a waste. Too many wizards, though, are
crazy, selfish and untrustworthy.

Fortunately, given their strange obsessions, witches
and magicians are often easy to work around. Hermetic
magi are easily bought; supposedly many Covenants are old
Guild customers and sponsors! (Oh, and political rivals,
too, but that's to be expected.) The Muslim wizards can be
difficult hagglers, but the best of them understand value in
ways any Guildsman can appreciate. Merchants in the Far

East often have difficulty with obnoxious "Dragon Wiz-
ards" in court (to say nothing of those hopping "Akashic"
lunatics in the hills!), but compared to the ravages of
weather and banditry, these are minor pests indeed. As for
the babbling witches and frothing wildmen, the best that
can be said is that they burn well.

Guildsmen save their most acerbic disdain for the
various groups they refer to as "The Damned." Other
Daedaleans wonder why; after all, isn't everything for sale to
a Guildsman? But as any merchant knows, a bargain is only
good if it's somewhat fair; each side might shave a bit off the
other's price, but anyone who gives away everything is a fool,
and fools rarely offer decent goods. To barter with one's
immortal soul is worse than sacrilege — it's folly. Thus,
Marauds and diabolists make lousy business partners.

In their courtly trade, some Floreati encounter myste-
rious walking corpses and bygone lords who didn't know
enough to stay dead. While these... things... occasionally
stand astride the halls of power, a wise Guildsman keeps his
distance. An undead creature often has valuable secrets,
influence and trinkets to trade, but — as many a careless
merchant has discovered — they really do want blood in
return...

As for shapechangers, faeries and suchlike beings —
well, it'd be nice to be able to dismiss them as children's
tales. Too many traveling merchants, though, can swear
otherwise. Such demon-haunted night-folk seem dedicated
to mischance. Although some faerie-tales mention interest-
ing trade negotiations, the Guild's official policy is to let
sleeping wolves (and other things) lie — and to run like hell
if they wake. As for demons, spirits and the ghosts of the
dead... well, such things are best left to churchmen and
unworldly philosophers. Gold means little if you die trying
to attain it.

Ksivafai: God's Secret
Army

...we'll talk with them too —

Who loses and who wins; who's in, who's out —

And take upon ‘s the mystery of things,

As if we were God's spies...

— William Shakespeare, King Lear

The newest element of the Order of Reason draws on
ancient roots, many of them entangled with courtly life.
Spies and assassins (among other things), the Ksirafai find
both recruits and ideas in the realms of mundane power, and
spend much of their energy observing that same world,
watching for threats to Reason among the ruling classes —
Enlightened and otherwise.


= , ITEM, SECOND:
MASTERS OF
= THE DANSE

After the Solificati defected from the Order of Reason
in 1335, the elders realized that the Order needed a sub- ae
Convention of wardens to oversee their fellowsh é In their own ways, the Ksirafai are philosophers. Mem-

»«

‘ sie ain just what "Reason," "order,"

zors" — a sect of spies and enforcers who would-s ‘
e" are can be a tricky matter indeed —

the integrity of the Daedalean Order and ¢

implement its plans—not with purges and ut €> SH ed is essential, your "duties" include
simply with supervision... and occasionfl i lation and murder, and you have no one
But the leaders of the Order of Reasa : — ail pt God and yourself.

for mere spies or assassins when they gfe!
Any person with the wits and the gufs
one, and any brute willing to kil
become an assassin. Perceptive sow
b) Circle realized the need for a group wl
conscience of the Order — and thisAs e: erly now th P
Ksirafai see themselves. Certainly, fresejShadow Hie
Y are expert spies, and in some cases, kifllers/‘aftér\all\a
conscience is something that oversees 4 Q and is flexibjity demands extraordinarily clever agents -.
occasionally stabs painfully. But the Razoty a
mere monetary profit, and they never kill without good aining, a Ksirafai receives her instructions from a mentor
reason. — usually a more experienced agent. The mentor, in turn,
Well, almost never. This world is, of course, subject to 8° his orders from a "house martin" — the local Magis-

occasional mistakes. Only Godis perfect, andsome philosophers ates who often works in deep seclusion and disguise. (Like
throw even that certainty into doubt. Mother Aphra von Freiburg, who's described later in this

chapter.) Once in the field, however, the Razor must use
her own discretion.
Without an advisor close at hand, Ksirafai agents are
educated and encouraged to analyze the morality of every
deed, swiftly but carefully, before they strike. Some Razors
— including many elder agents — are trained in academic
philosophy, theology and debate. This training can lead a
Ksirafai to make what may seem like strange decisions at
times, but be rest assured, she has her reasons, and she
considers them thoroughly before she acts.
When she does act, it is with the certainty of a barber's
blade-stroke. While other swashbuckler-types explode into
action, the Ksirafai waits, assembles information, considers
her options, and plans a course of action. Before she actually
begins, she sets out several "escape routes" for the moment
when everything goes to hell. If and when she has no time
to plan, the Razor keeps her actions (and her Arts) within
Mr' huive ait org ved ‘Hiern digin of) a very small sphere of influence. Blowing up a tower is not
or protocol. Thus, her way — she'd rather sneak past the guard, seduce the
chamberlain, or chip a small but fatal crack in the weak spot
at the tower's base.

Membership

Ksirafai specialize in becoming that crack in the wall —
orin becoming the mortar that fills the crack before the wall
gives way. Thus, a Razor must be flexible in mind and body,
able to adapt quickly to rapidly changing circumstances.

As the founders of the group recog-
. Therefore, the "organization" is a
idually, its strands are thin and fine,
© break. Wound together, though, they
they rarely touch one another, their
@ugher, lighter and more flexible than


THE Y' :
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

Entry Into the Razors

Such people are not generally made — they're born.
Hence, Ksirafai also keep a close eye out for prospective
recruits, both in and out of court. Noble or common birth
means little — any Ksirafai has seen enough sharp stable-
hands and dullard dukes to know how little blood has to do
with cleverness. According to the Razors' philosophy, a
person's true soul is not dependent on ance
God's grace. Royalty is a mask human beif
structed to identify their tribes. Only God
beneath each mask.

With a little help from God, a Razor who spiesa
prospect checks her out, then passes the iy i
his mentor (and possibly the "house mg
seems to be a good candidate, the eld

secret, yet bogus, society'
mission, a hidden order o

masters" of the order give a pw
them special treatment and traj
Called an Ignorant, the imiti

rituals derived from Pagan mystery cULS®®
promised a place within a fellowship that is obviously very
important, but whose precise nature remains mysterious.
Suffering visions of bloody-handed angels, the new Razor is
encouraged to strive even further by the promise of greater
revelations anda significant part in the Divine plan. By that
time, she's either Enlightened, insane or dead. Given anew
name and identity, she is set up in a distant place and given
her first set of instructions...

This process of observation, initiation and subterfuge
is tedious and difficult, especially for the sponsor and his
Magistrate. Very, very few people make it as far as the
Etfalti, and a bare handful of them become Ksirafai. During
the apprenticeship, the sponsor, Magistrate and other Ra-
zors take careful stock of their prospective comrade. If she
seems like a danger to herself or others, she is either misled
or eliminated. By the time she actually reaches her final
test, the Ignorant is a rather formidable character in her
own right. If she survives to learn her new Arts, she'll be
worth a dozen courtiers — and then some.

y then is she

Organization

Secret even among secrets, the Ksirafai cannot sustain

a formal system of rank and training. A loose confederacy
of small lodges (each one controlled by a "house martin")
employs six "field agents" apiece and channels information
through intermediaries to the shadowy high council (some-
times known simply as "The Byzantines" — that being, of
ourse, the nationality of most of the council's original
¢ eld agent essentially acts alone. She may

'o. of her fellow Razors by name, but the

g Newent known, even to her. Only the
im' knowsiwho all six of his agents are, and even
9 re they all are at a given time.

old very little appeal for Ksirafai.
official titles; every agent has
fortably, yet changes assign-
er from growing complacent.
souls on an endless quest. The
eam to capture, and for most of
gans to chase it and serve God

ffm six toa dozen Magistrates
ly watching each other. These
er members of an old lodge
pugh the Byzantines often

enry VIII's court. Even then,
ave minimal contact with one
ano' Bfeach one knows that others of her kind
‘out there somewhere. This deliberate paranoia tends to
keep the Razors honest. After all, there's less chance of
treachery when everyone concerned how easily she might
be caught by surprise.

Discipline among the Ksirafai can be brutal... and
permanent. Yet very few "formal" chastisements exist. No
one is initiated into the Ksirafai without first proving her
loyalty, dedication and efficiency. Once she does so, the
Inner Circle considers it foolish to waste such talents with
brutal demonstrations of "the price of failure." Simply put,
these agents are too valuable to kill recklessly, or to mutilate
without dire cause. Major failures often carry their own fatal
penalties; lesser errors are usually treated as opportunities to
refiné one's skills. Disloyalty is rarely an issue, as very few
Razors consciously betray their fellowship. Those who do
rarely survive to be punished by the Magistrate — they
usually die first.


= t; ITEM, SECOND:

= THE DANSE

r OP
Phil re) S ophy philosopher-agents are basically dubious of "old-fashioned"

supernatural powers, and prefer to employ "cleaner" imple-
Those who know a little about the Ksirafai think ofthe ments — simple potions, polished blades, handcrafted
Razors' Arts as a disorderly mixture of potions, poisons, ™echanisms purchased from honest Artisans... Still, one
| gadgets and tricks; those who know a little more whisper of uses what's at hand when the Devil drives, and the Devil
shadowy spirit-invocations. Such misconceptions (deliber- drives the Ksirafai hard. Sometimes, Razors employ the
ately seeded by the Razors themselves) underplay the _ kind of archaic, arcane magicks that they would keep from
"Convention's" own, fairly coherent philosophy of magick, other Daedaleans. The secret Arts of the Ixos
science and faith. wm (or xoi— translations are uncertain) have
more than a whiff of magick about them.
Still, they do work, and they're useful
when certain tasks are necessary. Suppos-
edly, the original Byzantines employed
those ancient techniques back in the
courts of Constantinople. If the founders
of the Ksirafai sanctioned these esoteric
Arts, the current reasoning goes, surely
the Ixos' tricks could not be harmful!
(Could they...?)
This pragmatic approach shares a
fair amount with the viewpoint of the
High Guild. As spies and deep-think-
ing philosophers, however, the
Ksirafai are actually rather more
cynical than their gold-dazzled com-
panions. Most Razors see humanity
as flawed, greedy and willfully half-
blind; walking in the shadows of
human society, God's Secret Army
does what has to be done to keep
man from stumbling too badly.
Still, the Razors insist that the
ends they serve must be just. Oth-
erwise, their acts would be truly
evil. Despite their doubts about
the human race, most Ksirafai are
willing to help save it from itself
—and froma dozen other threats,
besides. There's true nobility in
this philosophy, albeit nobility
with a dark tinge; like torturers
in a just king's dungeon, they
commit crimes that give mean-
ing to an existence they
half-suspect is meaningless.
Wandering, hands out-
stretched, in God's
mirror-maze, these dark an-
gels see humanity capering
on thin ice which stretches
above an ocean of cold
darkness. In between, dev-
ils beckon blind and
foolish people to the edge

To the Ksirafai, Creation is a maze of secrets, a hall
of mirrors only God truly understands. Even so, man has
tried eternally to understand the paths through that
maze, if only for his own protection. In a way, the
reasoning goes we are all spies under Heaven. The
)) mundane spy roots out human secrets; the hedge-wizard
or natural philosopher plays with the least of the
higher enigmas; the magus, prophet or Daedalean
gains access to greater orders of mystery and
truth; and the true adept tries to understand
them all. Despite a handful of mystical trap-
pings, most Razors ultimately serve science
and Reason, which they see as means to en-
compass the truths that one discovers. A
good spy should be orderly and logical; a
philosopher seeks the hidden facets of Cre-
ation.

Wz

And yet the Razors are also a pragmatic
bunch. Some secrets are too remote to be
seen by human eyes; others were not meant
to be. Too much of the wrong Enlighten-
ment — or an excess of total ignorance —
could conceivably bring the halls of mirrors
down. In the gory battlefields, raging
plagues and magickal atrocities that poi-
son this world, a Ksirafai is taught to see
the fingerprints of Hell. Before one can
wander through God's hall of mirrors,
one must first keep those mirrors intact.
The Order of Reason is presented as the
greatest weapon against chaos. In serv-
ing that Order, in helping Reason
spread and prosper, the Razors pro-
tect Creation, safeguard man's place
in it, and earn a privileged tour of
God's own mirror-maze. :
In the meantime, as agents of
Reason, the Ksirafai feel them- /
selves licensed to use lesser and
partial truths, and even to ac-
knowledge the temporary

enigma. Like other
Daedaleans, these


a THE SN =
. SWASHBUCKLER'S
Sis ( HANDBOOK ;

of the Abyss. But the Razors see what lies beneath their feet,
and they dance with greater grace and caution than so-
called "magi" do.

Or at least, that's how they tend to see things, anyway...

"Wagick": Sacred Echoes

In keeping with this pragmatic approach, Ksirafai study
a wide variety of Arts. If nothing else, a Razor must be able
to understand — and occasionally mimic — many different
disciplines. As a Daedalean sect, the Ksirafai teach a varia-
tion of Ars Praeclarus mixed with physic and a touch of
miracle-work. Essentially, most Razors follow the "sacred
clockworks" theory: God gives His creations certain tools
and clues with which to unlock the secrets of His domain.
While Artisans and Cosians plumb the physical depths of
those secrets, and Gabrielites, Crafters and Celestial Mas-
ters employ more spiritual approaches, the Ksirafai balance
both the sacred and the profane — the mystical and the
@ practical. Like the Explorators (whose tatterdemalion Arts
closely resemble the Razors' own), God's Secret Army uses
whatever tools happen to work.

Some of those tools seem rather "unscientific"; al-
chemy, Solomonic pentacles, prayers and folk charms
resemble superstitionist practices, not rational disciplines.
But as any Razor could explain, God provides strange keys
for His spiritual clockworks. The old rites of High Ritual
Magick are, after all, based on the Lord's revelations to
Solomon and his artisans. (Or so the Daedaleans claim....)
They're dangerous, but effective. Used with a pure heart,
these rites and invocations grant a mortal access to the
angels and lesser, helpful spirits. As for alchemy and
» herbalism, well, a Ksirafai would argue that these are
sciences — just not ones future scientists would acknowl-
edge as such.

Given their sacred duty, the Razors must occasionally
bend the rules God gave to man. After all, somebody must
be able to deal with the darker elements of the spirit world,
and aside from the Gabrielites, few other Daedaleans seem
prepared for that task. When you're fighting demons, you
might have to call upon an angel for help. And so, with the
sacred echoes of their forebears ringing in their ears, some
\\ Ksirafai command powerful and even malevolent spirits

(though never diabolical entities) to appear, then to depart
when the crisis has passed. Note that complex rites of
purification and abnegation always follow such rituals. No
Razor wants to become perpetually fettered to the sort of
beings she employs.

Daemons and Seekings

A mystical sect. that confronts and probes mystery
inevitably views Enlightenment itself as a mystery. Some-
times it appears as a captivating puzzle — God's hall of
mirrors personified. In most cases, though, that mystery

provides the proverbial "dark wood" in which frightening
angels and terrible spirits offer both guidance and rebuke.
Although a Razor sees God's maze as a wondrous puzzle, it's
a puzzle fraught with dangers. By later standards, most
Ksirafai would be considered delusional, depressive fanatics
— "...chariots of wrath/ By demons driven," as the Bard
would say. Usually, the demons (or Daemons) in question
evoke the grandest and yet most terrifying aspects of God.

Deeply Christian, the average Razor sees angels, not
old gods, as her inspiration. These entities are not the
quaint guardians of New Age fables, but rather monstrous
embodiments of Divine fury. Wrapped in terrible beauty, a
Ksirafai Daemon scolds its "pupil," tormenting her with old
sins or revealing atrocities that might happen unless she
acts to prevent them. Every so often, the angel offers
comfort and refreshment. Given the vicious circumstances
that surround most Ksirafai, however, the Daemon is often
fairly intimidating.

Needless to say, a Razor's Seeking is not a pleasant
experience. In solitude, the Resplendent mortifies her flesh
with fasting, prayer or scourging, then weeps and trembles
as she descends into her own personal underworld in hopes
of bringing back some greater light...

Quintessence and Cass

That light often flows outward in the form of raw
Quintessence. Unlike her mercantile cousins in the Guild,
the Razor prefers Prime Essence in its energy form, not in
materialized Tass. Which is not to say that she won't use the
stuff if she gets her hands on it; as we've said, a Ksirafai is
nothing if not practical. Even so, the unfettered current of
pure Quintessence brings a feeling of peace and certainty to
atormented Razor. Surely, this blessing is the touch of God,
reassuring her that she has done well, and is forgiven.

Ropes and Razors

To the philosopher-spies, other Awakened factions
are, above all, subjects of study. The Ksirafai have their
preferences, of course, but to strike without understanding,
or to reject knowledge because it seems distasteful, seems to
be anathema to them. True, the Razors do serve the Order
of Reason and God (not necessarily in that order), but
beyond that very little is certain about them.

To their fellow Daedaleans, the members of this non-
Convention are bogeymen, ale-pot phantoms that
sometimes seem just real enough to be threatening. Rumors
about masked emissaries to the Inner Circle have swirled
throughout the White Towers for over a century, but no
one but outside the Circle seems to know how true those
tales might be. Granted, some folk have "confessed" (usu-
ally under fiendish torture) to being "Ksirafai," but no hard
evidence of such a group has ever appeared.


T(E

ITEM, SECOND:
MASTERS OF
THE DANSE

l end Pavel talents, they crept, on
, then killed Paris and tr. other

ds claim that Hermes, god of messengers;
favor: The death of Achilles, who had
al myths claim that Odysseus arranged
is treachery. These six enchantments i
the ability to cross out of the sigh
Odysseus and his warrior
it even while they lived. Ni
sk warriors made a pact with an early
_ that Razors use ‘nearly 2000 years later. If this wei

as Ixos (a-word of uncertain meaning)
roper Greek pear Ixoi or Xoi, but o

Peale cued a

perhaps the whole story is justo
icias and his wisdom, there are
‘os, Nicias himself may be no mo

To one another, he Razors are only slightly less enig-
matic. Their Etfalti allies know only that some cult of
"secret masters" supposedly gives them money, advice,
influence and knowledge in exchange for occasional favors.
New members receive training and instructions, but very
seldom encounter other folk who admit to belonging to
their fellowship. Elder Razors have their own opinions of
the group, its Daedalean "cousins" and the night-folk and
mortals in its shadow, but such observations are based more
on each Ksirafai's experiences than on some form of "party
line" that all Razors are told to follow. Only the Magistrates
and Maximi seem to know what's really going on, and
they're not talking.

So what do the Razors think about their comrades?
What's their eventual agenda (if they have one at all)? And

horse of Troy. The saying "Beware of Greeks beari
fact. But did Odysseus' fatal trick a involve

roy, worked themselves into the highes
e Trojans slept. Nicias claimed to have prese
dthe Brave Warriors Who Did Bringit About.

dead, granted Odysseus five magickal

wrath when that hero desecrated th

tion, and received Hermes' gifts, ph
bility, face-changing, silence, illusion, a sk

rs' so-called "history." For despite the many
person in the archives of either White Towe'

who, if anyone, guides their silent knives? The eeriest thing
about these solitary courtier/ killers is that their loyalties
and allegiances seem as ephemeral as smoke. Every Razor
knows that she'll eventually receive instructions about a
certain task, the resources she'll need to accomplish it, and
occasional advice about what (and what not) to do. Beyond
that, the greater picture is as mysterious to her as it is to the
Razor's prey.

Somewhere in the darkness, a rope woven over a
century ago is being slipped around someone's throat. Who
holds the hands of this garrote? Whom do they serve (if
anyone)? Who is on the receiving end of this surprise? And
what do the agents of this silent conspiracy know about the
greater plan behind their deeds?

The answers are as silent as razors in the darkness.


SS
i,
—X

THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S |
HANDBOOK NS —

= S—

Of Recurring Cast

All the world's a stage,

And all the men and women merely players...

— William Shakespeare, As You Like It

Courtly and swashbuckling tales have their share of
common character "archetypes." After all, where one has
rules and systems, one finds that certain personalities al-
ways seem to find a niche within that structure — or that
the systems themselves breed very similar offspring. Some
of these types may provide models for players' characters,
whereas others are better suited to be "bit players" under the
Storyteller's control. Some work best as heroes, and some
make good villains, but most — given the subtle shape of
courtly morality — can be either, or neither, or both,
depending on who you are and what part you play in the
courtly drama.

Incidentally, when you're looking for dedicated (and
deadly) villains for a Sorcerers Crusade chronicle, it's only
natural to think about the Fallen. Infernalism: The Path of
Screams details a number of tempters and traitors, several
of whom are quite appropriate for courtly adventures. (See
the "Templates" section in Chapter II, specifically the
Alchemist, Black Knight, Bon Vivant, Devil's Whore,
Maggot, Rake-Hell, Serpent, Torturer and Usurer.) These
corrupters make highly effective adversaries, but by their
nature they tend to congregate around the "dark and foul"
end of the scale. If you, as a Storyteller, want more ambigu-
ous opponents, or foes who won't cause unspeakable
devastation if they win, look to other types. After all,
» politics can often get complicated and difficult enough
when every other character isn't dedicated to outright evil.
In point of fact, most unlovely deeds are committed out of
what seem to be the best of intentions. That's one of the
truths that make courtly plots so tragic — and so much fun
to run!

The following character "templates" may be magi,
mortals, or something else entirely. (Remember, a vampiric
prince is probably more prince than vampire, and will act
accordingly.) The "Notes" within each listing offer a few
suggestions, but the final motivations, personalities, gen-
ders and abilities of these characters depend on the needs of
your story and troupe; one Young Romantic might be a
hotheaded, poetic peasant boy, while another could be a
flirtatious, if sensible, princess. Each template is presented
as an illustration, not as a "character class" with set traits
and appearance. For suggested game Traits, see the "Court-
ier Characters" sidebar, page 60. Now then, given that the
latter end of the Dark Renaissance period gives us the
tichest source of strong characters we could ever desire,
we'll present each example in Shakespearean terms:

Ophelia: The Strange Child

It takes all sorts — and this sort really doesn't seem to
belong around the court. The offspring of some member of
the ruling family or of a senior official, the Strange Child is,
well, strange. She isn't much interested in the courtly
world, but wanders around talking about trivia — flowers
and animals, human nature, arts, the meaning of words.
Some people call her "simple," but it's possible that her
ramblings exhibit a certain abstract intelligence... or mys-
tical Enlightenment.

Image: People call this Child "touched" or "crazy," and
some mutter about witchcraft — which may or may not be
justified. Fortunately, few people feel threatened by her.
She seems to be quite the romantic figure, especially to
protective folks. Although she may be perfectly mortal,
there's a fey air about this character. The Strange Child
seems to be lost in some other world.

Roleplaying Hints: Why cannot others see what is so
plain to you? If only they could, they'd cease their foolish
games and wonder at the miracle of each passing moment,
each frozen speck of time.

Notes: To all appearances, this character dwells just on
Faerie's edge, or on the cusp of Awakening. A Storyteller can
have a lot of fun keeping her players guessing at the "truth"
behind the Strange Child, and a player could craft a haunting
character from such an oddly perceptive girl. If she is attuned
to the supernatural world (and, again, that's not certain), she
may be apprenticed to a Verbena magus, a Seer, or to a lesser
hedge-witch. It's also dangerously possible that's she's slipping
toward Maraud status. But perhaps she's just a fey-struck
mortal, blessed with some small, untrained power — Aware-
ness or Faerie Affinity, say, or perhaps Spark of Life. Then again,
maybe she's just weird...


= é ITEM, SECOND: | oe

Lear: TheAging Lord
At the top of the social pyramid sits whichever king,
queen or lord rules the court. Such a position is usually held
/ for life, and despite all the dangers of usurpation or con-
quest, such rulers do sometimes grow old. Unfortunately,
being accustomed to power and command, they may also
become especially set in their ways, and do not take well to
questions or disobedience. This can make court life espe-
cially difficult, as the courtiers most likely to advance in
such an atmosphere will either be toadies (willing to nod at
everything the old lord says), rebels (embittered by the
sclerosis of the state), or exploiters (preying on the weak-
nesses of sycophants and rebels alike). Sensible, timely,
peaceful change and compromise grow impossible; every-
one must choose between tyranny and chaos.
Image: The Aging Lord epitomizes control and wis-
dom gone to seed. He (or sometimes she) often wears ornate,
archaic finery and surrounds himself with retainers who are
nearly as old and conservative as he is. Years of rulership
have weakened his body and mind, but inflamed his temper.
If he's Awakened, the situation can be even worse — he
probably wields considerable power ina very arbitrary style.
Unfortunately, this type is all too common in the strong-
holds of both the Traditions and the Daedaleans. With
mystick or alchemical Arts, such men and women usually
extend their years to inhuman spans, and drag their rivalries
and grudges out for decades... or even centuries.
Roleplaying Hints: You did not grow this crown from
your head by God's own grace! You've fought and bled for
it, and no one is going to tell you how to manage your affairs!
By Heaven and Hell, you're not dead yet; until that hour,
your word is law.
Notes: Most mortal rulers die of disease or murder
before they reach this state; those who do not often seem to
go mad, and carry the kingdom with them into their
insanity. Ancient magi, on the other hand, seem frighten-
ingly susceptible to this dementia, and often command
awesome powers in addition to their political influence.
Common Traits include titanic Background ratings, Merits
like Title, Ties and Iron Will, and Flaws like Absent-minded,
Age, Infirm and Obsession.
Do remember that the Aging Lord is more than just an
annoying old bully, though. Once, he had both power and
vitality, and flashes of his old vigor may still come through
occasionally. He should never be underestimated; norshould
he be allowed to drag the court down with him....

Henry V: The Dynamic Lord

Despite the cynical opinions of many courtiers, some
lords are driven, determined, inspiring and perhaps even
idealistic. Some are even competent rulers! Such a Dy-
namic Lord sets the tone for his court; courtiers and servants
who oppose his plans tend to be swept away — after all, he

has the power to dismiss all naysayers from his sight. Despite
his enthusiasm, such a man can be difficult to deal with. In
his mind, he's quite right about whatever he might demand.
Neighboring states, too, worry about the Dynamic Lord;
this is an age where few rulers really need an excuse to go to
war.

Despite his near-mania, people usually enjoy working
for a Dynamic Lord. A brave servant or willing ally can
gather fantastic amounts of glory under such a ruler! Still,
the Lord might be a little too exciting for his kingdom's
good. Chances are, he'll accumulate a host of enemies who
may take their anger out on everyone associated with him.

Image: Charismatic and eloquent, the Dynamic Lord
dominates any room he enters. Vigorous and often tem-
peramental, he probably has huge appetites for food,
knowledge and pleasure. Our Lord's a near-saint to some
people and a tyrannical demon to others. The greatest
heroes and the most infamous despots are often cut from the

same cloth; depending on who you are, they can even be &

combined in the same man.

Roleplaying Hints: Never rest. Never sleep. Weak-
ness is for whimpering women and courtly fops. You are a
man (or woman) of action, and you cannot and will not
slow down until the crows begin picking at your corpse —
if even then!

Notes: Dynamic Lords who are Awakened rouse plenty
of attention from their friends and enemies alike. Vaunting
ambition is admirable, but it's dangerous too, especially in
a magus. Most sects consider discretion and subtlety to be
virtues, and the Dynamic Lord has little use for either one.
True, magick demands determination and willpower, but
these should be used for higher causes, not to quest for
mundane glory.

Such fiery characters tend to gather Merits and Flaws
in huge amounts. The former usually involve charisma, will
and influence (Bardic Gift, Code of Honor, Cupid's Gift,
Enchanting Gaze, Honeyed Tongue, Iron Will, Noble
Bearing), while the latter mark him for eventual ruin
(Cursed, Dark Fate, Dark Secret, Enemy, Infamy, Magickal
Rival and Obsession). Although he's often very good at
what he does, this character might be extremely incompe-
tent, too. In that case, court intrigues usually revolve
around doing exactly what he commands, removing him
from authority, or trying to contain the damage to manage-
able levels. Such courts are never easy places to be.

Macbeth: The Driven Usurper

Courtly power plays are dangerous at the best of times;
some people, though, really are determined to win at any
cost. The Driven Usurper may havea really good reputation
on the surface; underneath his apparent charm, however,
the fires of ambition have consumed him. Given a chance,
he'll either claw his way to the top (then become a tyrant

La


THE yy -
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK . =

to be brought down), or be he'll be destroyed by all the
enemies he makes when he attempts his coup.

Image: This character is an obsessive courtier whose
actions nearly always serve his own agendas. He's probably
skilled in the fields of politics, warfare, rhetoric and subter-
fuge; in most cases, he's charming to boot. If the Usurper has
been magickally trained, he'll either exploit his powers
(dangerously) for mundane advancement, or play tricky
games among the Awakened. He may be fallen to
Infernalism, but can just as easily be driven by the internal
demons of pride and ambition. Awakened or not, this
treacherous soul has convinced himself that his advance-
ment will serve some genuinely good cause. Even in that
case, though, his amoral drive to power may attract the
approval (and perhaps the support) of darker forces.

Roleplaying Hints: Destiny has lent you grace. Every-
thing you have ever experienced has groomed you for the
moment when you assume your birthright. You would, of

<J course, prefer not to have to use underhanded methods.
}? Then again, all temples ate built on the backs of slaves and
& the bones of martyrs, so you're in good company.

f Notes: Few Driven Usurpers are stupid enough to
reveal their ambition; rather, they place themselves in
glory's path by being especially good servants, then wait for
the right moment. Our "friend" has probably woven a
complex net of alliances (the Allies, Influence and Spies
Backgrounds) to help him make his move. If he is a magus,
the Usurper might specialize in Mind magick, then use it to
maneuver people ever so slightly until everyone is (more or
less) where he wants them.

Hamlet: The Chinking Prince

These days, the ruling classes recognize the value of a
general education as well as practical training in rulership
and warfare. Some nobles even enjoy the process. Although
European courts still suffer from medieval ignorance, this
state of affairs is changing rapidly. Now, a courtier is
expected to be well read and eloquent — a gentleman, not
a brute. Such enrichment yields mixed rewards. Some
"scholar-princes" are academic marvels, but cannot actu-
ally rule. Others try to apply book-learning when they come
to power, successfully or otherwise. Sometimes, when con-
fronted with a serious problem, the Thinking Prince lives
up to the humanist ideal and brings a fresh perspective to
the subject; but occasionally, like Hamlet, he's paralyzed by
uncertainty until things have gone beyond salvation.

Confronted with immediate threats, the Thinking
Prince often quibbles when he should act. He might mean
well; then again, he could adopt a distant, academic moral-
ity in which only ideals, not real circumstances, matter.
True, it's usually better to have a ruler who thinks too much
than one who doesn't think at all; all the same, this
character might need some prodding, lest he be swept away

by his meditations... or suddenly snap and go completely
irrational.

Image: A Thinking Prince is often well groomed and
genteel. His manners are as polished as his sword, and he |
seems most attractive to artists, ladies and philosophers.
Men of action, on the other hand, may consider him a fop
and mock his intellectual approach as frippery. If things go
badly, he might fall to brooding, or concoct wild schemes to
test pet theories before he actually makes decisions.

Roleplaying Hints: Let me be cruel, not unnatural;

I will speak daggers to her, but use none.

Notes: A Thinking Prince may be mystically aware,
even Awakened; some study Hermetic magick (casually or
intensively), while others dabble in alchemy, and still
others acquire the basics of the Ars Cupiditae from High
Guild scholars, or support the Celestial Masters' research.
Although it's usual for a woman to be educated extensively
in this period, a willful princess, queen or merchant's
daughter might rival a scholar with her learning. Regardless
of his or her sex, the thinking ruler makes an ideal Mentor
or Patron (as those Backgrounds) for players' characters.
His court might well provide sanctuary or funding for
philosopher-scientists, magicians, or even both.

Prince Hal: The Riotous Prince
A royal heir or privileged child usually has power and 9

wealth to spare, but lacks responsibility or restraint. All too a

often, this inequality encourages a life of carousing and self-

indulgence. The courts of Europe are full of dissolute young

men and women who are due, eventually, to govern the

land. Someday, their elders hope, these kids will work off

their wildness and settle down to respectable nobility.

Occasionally, however, these rakes and harpies turn courts


ITEM, SECOND: | Pee
MASTERS OF =
THE DANSE

into battlefields of social ruin, sexual license and capricious
tyranny.

The Riotous Prince can be a lot of fun to hang around
with; he tends to buy drinks for his friends, splurge on gifts,
and shelter his companions from the law. "He" might be a
merchant's favorite son, a pampered daughter, a bastard
child, or even heir to the throne. Faced with a crisis, this
character might sober up and become the leader his parents
always hoped for. If he does, however, he'll probably disown
his friends and slough off his old persona for a new and
vigorous challenge... or destroy himself in the process.

Image: Everything that is frivolous, fashionable, excit-
ing and sexy can be found on or around this character's
person. He's very charming in a roguish sort of way, and can
out-party seasoned mercenaries. Depending on his family
and personality, he might carry a hint of conscience; then
again, he could be a vicious thug who uses money, people
and the law as amusingly breakable toys.

Roleplaying Hints: Oh, we did that last week. What
new games are there to play? Did you say stop?!? Don't you
know who my father is?

Notes: For hell-raising adventurer-types, this spoiled
youngster is a godsend. He (or she) might be a Patron, an
Ally, or evena player's character. This firebrand usually has
Resources and Influence to burn, and he does so at a
frightening rate. Chances are, he'll lose a few Background
dots simply from over-indulgence — after all, even a royal
treasury has limits!

A Riotous Prince might occasionally Awaken, which
could teach the brat some self-discipline. Unfortunately, if
he takes a dilettante interest in the supernatural, he's rather
more likely to pursue dark paths for amusement's sake.
After all, power should be used for entertainment! Decadenti
cults number some frighteningly well known names among
their ranks. Fortunately, noble offspring tend to be watched
quite closely by shrewd observers, Awakened and mundane
alike; sometimes a Riotous character finds himself diverted
away from real harm by a helpful magus or hidden agent.
Then again, sometimes he'll fall right into the trap, and
require rescuing...

Puck: The Otherworldly Interloper

Every so often, courtly intrigues feature some weird
servitor or uncanny visitor who shows up just long enough
to utterly complicate things. Sometimes this inhuman
entity works for a human courtier (usually in secret) or
other interested party; very often, it simply appears when its
own affairs overlap those of mortal kings or kingmakers. In
any case, the creature has its own agenda at heart, and
displays unearthly powers that give it a distinct advantage
over human courtiers —charms, prophecy, elemental com-
mand and so forth. Such creatures easily overwhelm the

un-Awakened; magi, however, are more equal to the chal-
lenge.

Image: In game terms, this unsettling creature can be
anything the Storyteller wants to throw in. Perhaps she's a
vampire lord with a secret alliance to the Duke; or the ghost
of a murdered princess who craves revenge; or the imp of
some secretive sorcerer who hides behind an innocent
mask; or the demon chained in the dungeon and fed on a
steady diet of trespassers. Either way, the Otherworldly
Interloper unbalances the delicate political scales, usually
with catastrophic results.

Roleplaying Hints: Lord, what fools these mortals be!

Notes: To avoid a "mad monster party" situation, the
Storyteller should keep the Interloper in the background
during most of the tale, setting it free only at the most
dramatic moments. Such characters are usually rare in
mortal courts (although this isn't always the case — witness
Macbeth), but they tend to appear more frequently when

magick and politics walk together. For sample Traits, agen-
das and story suggestions, see Crusade Lore (Chapter III), }

The Sorcerers Crusade Companion (Chapter VI), The
Bygone Bestiary, or Vampire: The Dark Ages and its
supplements Book of Storyteller Secrets and Werewolf:
The Dark Ages.

Rod
".

Grave-Digger: The Scut

Powerful people make big messes. And afterward,
someone has to clean ‘em up. All courts are filled with scuts
—the stable-sweepers, cinder-scrubbers, grave-diggers and
so forth — who tend the ugly chores the highborn leave
undone. Although bullied and dismissed by their so-called
"betters," these wretches have their own resources. Being
nameless, they move about virtually unseen, unrecognized

= ON

|

E
=a
EX

ZT |w


THE v =
SWASHBUCKLER'S

icine, Occult, Politics, Science (any) or Thelen'
1 have at least two dots in his area of expertise, and
have four or five, instead.

int (high-ranking): pagrebe a

Servant low-ranking): Alertness, Bra, 2
courts of China and the Islamic iate to position), ‘Empathy, Btiquette (often
Sonn t ee Pere erin fob — Animal
erior to the man who does only one thing)"

(Note hatmostservantshave intrigue, Stealth and:
ver underestimate the help!) i
ese Traits are not required for all characters of the typ

don his expertise in the field, utd
among most professions:
ean Culture, Etiquette, Law, Linguistics,

e;_ many also have dhe, Blusion,

, Linguistics, Melee, | caine
(as opposed to common trollop): A:
Expression, Linguistics, Politics, Se
r Alertness, Brawl, Carousing, Craf
Linghistics, Melee, Politics, Riding, Subterfuge

petted every Gourt has at least one «
Enemy Nie he< g widal i

eccourly bur uncommon Flaws include: Absent
Fone (ery dangerous), Hound, Child (or bei

ITEM, SECOND:
MASTERS OF
5 THE DANSE

Ag] and often unchallenged. Hence, a scut makes a wonderful
spy, especially considering that he probably bears a grudge
against the bluebloods who have him clean their shit up
every day....

Image: Tired, slovenly, often barefoot and ragged, the
lowest of the low never seem to get any rest at all. When he
finally gets to lie down and sleep, the scut calls cold stone
or foul straw his bed. Rare is the scut who lives to old age;
more often than not, this character is doomed — unless
some new circumstances were to grant him freedom.

Roleplaying Hints: You know your place, but you
don't have to like it.

Notes: A player's character of truly low birth might
begin his life as a scut who Awakened one day and decided
to change his lot in life. It's no fun being an outcast, but
magick can rewrite the social rules a bit...

Even if the scut isn't a magus, he might provide some
useful mood or story elements. A character with the Back-
ground: Spies probably has a few Scuts at her beck and call;
if she's at all conscientious, she might get drawn into a story
at the very lowest social strata. After all, even slaves have
lives and dreams, and a lowly scut might change a wizard's
destiny.

Cordelia: The Endangered Princess

In both fairy tales and tragedies, court intrigues have
victims, for heroes to aid and villains to crush. In the
cutthroat world of royalty and power, the heir to power —
or anyone close to her — is never truly safe.

Note that this character isn't necessarily a naive and
t) feeble dupe for bold adventurers. (Nor is the vulnerable heir
necessarily female, but let's run with the cliché for now.)
She may well be educated, shrewd and fairly quick-witted.
During one particular crisis, however, she's over-matched
by those who want her dead or imprisoned; if she's sensible,
she'll know it's time to run and hide. As a child of the
nobility, though, this Princess probably has at least a streak
of pride, and she may well be too high-minded to handle a
dangerous situation with the flexibility that it demands.
Even if she can win on her own terms, however, she
desperately needs someone to watch her back.

Image: Traditionally, the Princess (or Prince, to be
fair) is quite beautiful, charming, and unusually talented in
some non-combative way. Although she's of little use in a
fight, this heir is often a bold and charismatic leader —
which is why her enemies want her out of the way in the first
place.

Roleplaying Hints: Well, this could be played either
way: Are you a Princess Leia type who'd just as soon blast
her foes as look at them? Or are you a shy and kindly jewel
who might grow up to be a legendary ruler, assuming you
live to grow at all? Both extremes offer plenty of options
other than "Help me! <shriek!> Help me! Oooh!"

heir to more than just mundane power, or she may have
acquired exotic Arts along the way. If this royal girl does
understand the ways of magick, she'll be entangled in even
more tortuous plots, with far deadlier foes. An Awakened
heir, you see, is a deadly threat to any faction she doesn't |
actively support, and they'll try hard to bring her down \
while it's still easy to do so. Another option, of course,
assumes the Princess is utterly mundane, and facing night-
folk or an Awakened foe — in which case she'll need all the
help she can get.

Lady Macbeth: The Manipulative
Spouse

Although court life grants its women more freedom

Sadly, most men in this era eye a strong-willed woman
with suspicion. Any wife who gives her husband the occa-
sional sensible suggestion runs the risk of being called a
Jezebel. That being said, there are plenty of Lucrezia Borgias
and Olympia Maidalchinis ruling kings, popes and princes
from the rumpled side of the bed. In a man's world governed
by arranged weddings and masculine laws, what other
choice does an ambitious woman have?

Image: Any powerful spouse or lover could fill this
character's shoes. Perhaps she's a brilliant, stunning beauty;
or a dowdy but whip-smart matron; or a sharp-tongued
harridan; oracoldly distant muse. This "spouse" might have
several men (none of them her husband) under her sway,
too. Like Veronica Franco, she could be a courtesan of
unusual wit and favor. Either way, she's shrewd and cun-
ning. In most cases, her rivals will be opposing everyone but
her.

Roleplaying Hints: Sometimes a woman's gotta do
what a woman's gotta do.

Notes: While many sorcerers would consider it be-
neath themselves to hide behind a mundane spouse, some
believe more in goals than in dignity. Consider the Verbena
witch married off to a minor noble, the Ksirafai who serves
her Order in any way that works, or the Infernalist who rots
out an entire city government with a few well-placed spells
and seductions. Such sirens choose husbands or lovers who
can be manipulated easily, yet who are not entirely stupid.
Soon, the Spouse knows more about her partner's affairs
than he does.

A really effective (and potentially deadly) combina-
tion ensues when both the husband and the wife are magi,


work well together. The couple's opponents will probably
expend their efforts against one partner or the other, even
while they're dealing with both....

| Roger Bolingbroke:
The Court Magus

Although the true nature of magick and its wielders is

kept, for the most part, secret, the existence of magick is
common knowledge. Whatever powers and advantages
mundane folk think it grants, they assume that it's worth
possessing. No matter how often the priests and philoso-
phers condemn the Black Arts, some merchants and courtiers
consider magick just another resource. Thus, rulers and
merchants who can afford high fees often hire Awakened
"servants" — healers, artisans, alchemists, seers, scryers,
even all-out battlefield sorcerers.
: Unfortunately (perhaps), many a Court Magus is actu-
Wally a fraud, garbling out a bit of half-learned lore and
f/ claiming that much more could be achieved —givena little
fy more gold to pay for better spell materials, of course. Such
frauds annoy the truly Awakened (even if they serve as
useful misdirection), but aside from petty swindling and
unnecessary hysteria, the frauds don't often cause much
trouble. No, it's the genuinely powerful Court Magicians
who cause real complications.

To begin with, a person who becomes a "court wizard"
at all, despite tacit disapproval or outright prohibition, is
probably motivated either by greed or by some other warped
priority. The Order of Hermes (the dominant force in
European ritual magick) maintains that "court wizards"
both demean the dignity of their profession, and stir up
trouble for wizards in general. The Order of Reason takes a
slightly more favorable stance on Daedalean courtiers —
after all, a prince's hall can be a greater instrument of
change than a dozen iron cannons. Still, the Conventions
share some pretty strict protocols about "hiring out" to un-
Enlightened leaders. The Order is trying to prevent chaos,
not breed it!

And then there's the matter of power in the hands of
one who cannot (or will not) control it properly. A Court
Magus can imperil a whole kingdom with a botched spell or
two, especially if he's just knowledgeable to be dangerous.
Even if he is honest and competent, there's always a danger
of backlash, too. The local lords and clergy might not take
it well if word got out that Prince So-and-So has a pet
wizard. And so, even if he's more or less a servant of the
Crown, a wise Court Magus tries to keep a low profile and
save his Arts (whatever they might be) for emergencies.

Image: Depending on the role he's chosen, the Court
Magus might be flamboyantly eccentric, somber and schol-
arly, friendly and modest, or disconcertingly secretive.
Chances are, he's not exactly a young man — rulers tend to

appreciate years of wisdom, even if a young candidate is
truly the better magus. He's probably well dressed, though,
and spends most of his time in seclusion.

Roleplaying Hints: See below; your personality de-
pends on what you want out of this relationship. No matter
who you serve, or why, always keep your own goals firmly in
mind. That royal fop might consider you the pet, but you
know that things are truly the other way around.

Notes: The archetypal Court Magus resembles a Her-
metic wizard, even if he doesn't actually belong to their
Order. (Isn't that how all wizards behave?) In a richly
appointed Library and Sanctum (as the Background Traits),
he plies his trade for his lord or lady. In many cases, he
enjoys intimidating the other servants, if only to reaffirm
the impression that he is not, in fact, one of them.

Alchemists are very popular at court, too; in some
realms, their discipline is actually considered respectable.
(Even if it isn't — Prague's infamous Black Alley is a well-
known center of alchemy, but harbors a stunning mob of
cutthroats, thieves, whores, devil-worshippers, puffers,
frauds, anda even handful of true alchemists.) Hence, many
Solificati, "Black Uncles," Cosians and independent alche-
mists enjoy the eager sponsorship of noble families, merchant
princes and their own dominions.

Enlightened Artificers, while often present in courts,
are usually considered artisans, clerics and statesmen, not
"wizards." This is the natural home of the Guildsmen and
Ksirafai, although very few of them practice obvious
"magick." In decadent courts, Infernalists and other sinister
magi run the household from behind screens of misdirec-
tion and illusion. In Muslim lands, sages, viziers and seers
practice the legacies of Solomon. Far off, African and
Indian kingdoms host prominent witch-doctors, magicians,
shamans and holy men; many kingdoms even maintain
posts for these sagacious folk, and consider them valuable
members of the court. In mysterious Cathay, the Wu Lung
wizards actually work at the Emperor's right hand, and
command tremendous influence within his empire.

In any case, the typical Court Magus is egocentric,
probably arrogant, and usually extravagant in manner, if
not in power. Some are courtly and subtle, thoroughly at
home at court and expecting to be treated as nobility; others
seem distracted, uncouth and obsessive, relying on fierce
reputations and mundane patrons to protect them from the
consequences of their temperament. Wherever he might
dwell, the Court Magus seems to operate outside the usual
social strictures. Although he's still a courtier at heart, he
seems to be a kingdom unto himself.

Romeo: The Young Romantic

The fire of youth burns hot; it's also dangerous to be
around. Vigorous, intemperate, not exactly ignorant of
useful skills but too inexperienced to know when not to use


= i 4

ITEM, SECOND:
MASTERS OF
: THE DANSE

aun YN = So

WAL

them, this fellow (or sometimes, this young lady) might not
live to learn better.

Our young hothead is probably the scion of an impor-

tant noble family, and always seems to be at the front of its
! battles. If he takes an interest in arts or sciences, he's an
argumentative champion of some school of thought; if he's
religious, he's a fanatic; and if he falls in love... well, you
know the story.

Image: Fine to look upon, quarrelsome to be around,
this Romeo (or Juliet) shimmers with the heat of youth. In
an older person, his temper would be annoying, but now it's
somewhat endearing. Whatever he does, he does with
abandon. No force under Heaven can stop him when his
mind is made up... until, of course, he changes his mind
again.

Roleplaying Hints: Love, give me strength!

Notes: If our young buck is a magus, he's probably still
an apprentice; advancement in the Arts requires judge-
ment and control. Players' characters who befriend him
have a stalwart friend who's probably useful with a blade,
but they might well soon decide he's more liability than
asset, especially if they're obliged to keep him alive in the
subtle world of court conflict!

Kate: The Cempestuous Rebel

Some people refuse to mind their station — or, if
they're noble-born, they take advantage of that position to
speak their minds whenever possible, and satisfy their
whims accordingly. Despite the pleas of parents, rulers,
yexx even lovers, such a person rails against the status quo...
TT usually in terms that would shame a mercenary. Can no one
WZ rid the court of this tempestuous rebel? No, that would take

yaa
JOON all the fun out of life.

Image: For some reason, the Rebel's spirit makes this
character irresistibly attractive to certain people. She might
be plain of face and feature, but her daring wit and stubborn
temper make the firecat a lure to bold men and an inspira-
tion to restless girls everywhere.

Roleplaying Hints: No, you will not be quiet, mind
your manners, stay at home, or breed a legion of brats for
some ungrateful husband! You were made for better things
than that, and if the world disagrees, well, that world can
take a flying leap up your backside and out the other end!
Notes: By their nature, magi tend to resent the status
quo, especially if they're women. The Awakened spirit
rarely submits to decorum. But the Rebel need not be a
magus to throw off her social chains. Perhaps she's "just" a
stubborn mortal. Chances are, she'll have unusual skills
(medicine, extensive schooling, an agile wit, and so forth),
and enough charisma to intimidate nearly everyone in
sight. Although she's probably highborn, the Rebel could
also be aservant of unusual influence, ora commoner whose
family has enough wealth to keep her out of trouble. You

can bet she'll be at the heart of some scheme that spins way Wy
out of hand. And perhaps, in the ways of the magi, she
might discover astream that cools her fiery temperament...
or the tinder that turns a hearth into a bonfire....

Laertes: The Avenging Protector

Honor, loyalty, and the urge for vengeance are power-
ful emotions; it's a foolish courtier who assumes that weak
people have no protectors, or that all enemies can be
bought off or misdirected. The Avenging Protector may be
arelative, asworn ally, or simply a gentleman motivated by
high ideals of honor and justice. He probably faces adversar-
ies head-down like an angry bull. Even so, he's not necessarily
stupid; if faced with a subtle, clever opponent, he can be
rather clever too.

As a Protector, this type of character must be recog-
nized (and perhaps evaded) before a courtly plot can succeed;
he's a useful (if self-willed) ally, and a formidable (but
predictable) opponent. As an Avenger, who appears after
the fact to tender revenge, he's a threat to those who have
wronged him — and perhaps a tool to those who can
manipulate him.

Image: Who is this man (or woman)? A noble kins-
man? Faithful servant? Dear friend? Angry brother? His
identity holds the key to his appearance and behavior.
Nevertheless, all Avenging Protector types share an abso-
lute obsession with the crime, a hatred for the offender, and
the means with which to deflect or avenge the slight.
Heaven help his target if he gets his way.

Roleplaying Hints: On the surface, you might well
appear calm and casual; underneath, you're seething. Until
this wrong has been averted or avenged, you will not —
cannot — rest.


: =I THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
: HANDBOOK

Notes: If an Awakened courtier takes up this role,
magick becomes an additional weapon in his arsenal. The
manner in which he chooses to pursue his vendetta will
depend a great deal on his affiliation; a Knight of Gabriel
would probably prefer direct battle, while a bitter Verbena
prepares a venomous draught for his intended victim. In
game terms, our friend has some method of deadly retribu-
tion close at hand; if need be, he will die before his quarry
gets away.

Falstaff: The Old Reprobate

Courts are more than places of backstabbing and social
climbing. Some courtiers genuinely manage to enjoy them-
selves — and this character makes a point of it. In fact, he's
been enjoying himself for years, as his reputation (and
waistline) illustrate.

Cheery, colorful, bawdy and loud, the Old Reprobate
is fun to be around — if you like that sort of thing. Other
<¢ people, not all of them sour puritans, find him more annoy-
ing. He's actually rather selfish, but only on a small scale,
and he sometimes displays flashes of generosity and a lot of
warmth. (Consistency is not one of his virtues.)

Image: Jovial in a seedy sort of way, our Reprobate
enjoys his food and ale in huge amounts. He's good with
tales or songs (often bawdy), and makes nearly everyone
feel at home, so long as that home is a tavern, brothel or
banquet hall. Perhaps he nurses a hidden sadness, but you'll
very rarely see it. The old boy would rather laugh than weep
any night.

Roleplaying Hints: Oh, it's true enough you've seen
your share of tears, but they gained ye nothing but a sour
belly and a gray beard. Drink to the health o' the world, and
keep the lads and ladies happy.

Notes: The Reprobate seems to live in his corner of the
tavern. He may be able to look after himself in a brawl, but
he's usually more of a braggart than a warrior. He's unlikely
to be Awakened — magick demands focus and discipline —
but anything is possible; he may have a few surprises hidden
away. Chances are, he has some mysterious past (possibly
the Flaws: Beholden, Dark Secret, Enemy or Oathbreaker)
that he flees at the bottom of a tankard. That past might
catch up with him someday, leading he (and his friends) on
to a new adventure. Until that day (if it comes at all), he
provides comic relief, brightening up characters' lives when
stories otherwise get too dark and challenging. Oh, he also
makes a great Ally, Spy, or instructor in the fine art of
Carousing.

Mercutio: The Sardonic Friend

Any court is tapestry of alliances, passions and high
business. When you're trying to find the pattern in that wild
design, it's often good to have a companion who's got a
certain amount of distance and detachment. This Sardonic

f,

Friend affects a jaundiced view, but he's actually more
perceptive (and compassionate) than he'd ever admit to
being. More of an observer than a courtier, he can watch
events without becoming entrapped in them. A wise court-
ier keeps a Sardonic Friend nearby, if only because she finds
his witty running commentary so entertaining — and
useful.

Image: Urbane to an almost insufferable degree, the
Sardonic One feigns boredom and contempt for everything
he sees. This pose is usually an act — he's quite fascinated
by the whole thing, but doesn't care to show it. When he
actually gets involved in something, his apparent "disinter-
est" gives way to great social skill.

Roleplaying Hints: The whole human farce is absurd.
Comment on this absurdity as often as possible, assuming
you can do so with a modicum of wit and invention. Oh,
deep down you probably harbor some secret fondness for the
courtly masquerade (life would be so tedious otherwise!),
but it would never do to actually show your interest. Cloak
your observations in obscure metaphors, too; anyone who
actually understands what you're talking about is worth
calling "friend."

Notes: The Sardonic Friend probably has ideals of his
own — bone-deep cynicism is a rare thing, even at court —
and he may prove astaunch ally when matters grow serious.
That, in fact, is when he may be most useful; those who form
battle plans in anger need a cool-headed ally to bring them
back to better judgement.

This character type makes an excellent consor, too.
Magi tend to get wrapped up in personal or cosmic con-
cerns, and a witty companion may provide a bit of essential
distance. Despite his often depreciating witticisms, he's a
very perceptive fellow; in game terms, the character prob-
ably boasts Awareness, Empathy, a host of social skills, and
(of course) the requisite fighting ability.

lago: The Creacherous Friend

A man may be judged by his choice in friends, but it's
not always fair to do so; some "friends" hide darkness behind
a pleasant facade. Especially amongst courtiers (who are
often expert in deception), merchants (who judge care-
fully, but more by commercial dealings than by deep
assessments), and soldiers (who may judge by military skill
and past loyalty in battle), the false friend is all too com-
mon. Inspired by envy, greed, insults real or imagined, or
some old or well-hidden loyalty, this character exploits
mistaken trust to bring down the strongest and wisest folk.

A Treacherous "Friend" has a host of betrayals at his
fingertips. Given the chance, he might spill a war-plan to
an enemy, undermine a marriage with innuendoes, draw an
honest fellow into bad company, or simply plant a literal
dagger in the back at the best opportunity. The most
corrosive poison in his arsenal, however, is asweet honey of


ITEM, SECOND:
MASTERS OF
= "; THE DANSE

f| lies; with it, he can make true friends seem false, honors Sardonic Friend, Princess, Romantic or Servant. All he
seem like insults, and dedication into deception. With his _ needs is a motivation for his evil, and a charming exterior
oh-so-reasonable voice, he undermines confidences; pre- with which to bring it about.

's "only true friend," he makes Cyb alt: The Deadly Rake

tending to be a character's
/ itseemasthough his sins come from other parties. By

Honor, passion, skill with the sword

— the defining features of the swash-

the time his dupe realizes the Treacherous Friend's
real purposes (if she ever does), her world is
hopelessly skewed and her real "true friends" buckling tale are epitomized by
are long gone... spectacular, grandiloquent figures who
Image: Without a charming facade, the blaze through their world like meteors.
Treacherous Friend would be powerless. Hence, Sadly, such men (and women) are
he appears to be loyal, trustworthy, perceptive and not always heroes; the Deadly Rake,
brave. Good looks and good fortune probably favor for example, embodies the swash-
him. Feigned love and courtesy mask the dark- buckling ideal, but uses his skills
A) ness within. for bullying and revenge. The
Roleplaying Hints: You have been problem is, meteors burn out,
most sorely wronged, and the responsible and those who live by the
parties will suffer epic tragedies before sword can easily die thereby.
you're done with them. Affect a pleas- Still, a lot of skill and a b>
ant mien to cloak the poison in your \¥ little fine judgement |
words, and take your time. The best ) can keep this "king of Waals
revenge can drown the world in tears. he cats" alive for many a \ hi
Notes: We know what you're 4, long year. %\)
thinking: This guy is an Infernalist, When not engaged |
tight? Well, no, he probably isn't. in swordplay, the Deadly
And that's what'sso frightening about Rake amuses himself in
him. True enough, he could be one of other predictable ways. He's
the Fallen; sadly, Shakespeare's Iago was no probably as fiery a lover as
devil-worshipper, simply a man with a he isa fighter, and while he
grudge. Such types are all too common in guards the honor of his own
court, both among mortals and the friends and family scrupu-
Awakened. (See Lady Gianni later in lously enough, he's pretty 4
careless with the good
names of others. Indeed,

this chapter.)
the Rake loves any excuse
to duel, and might go out
of his way to provoke men
— with blades, words,
sexuality or even magick
— who seem like they'd
be challenging oppo-

nents.

NEL,

Naturally, our "Friend" is an
expert at deception. If he's a magus,
he probably has Mind spells to
spare, and uses very subtle tricks
to lend credibility to his lies.
This lago's worst weapon, how- /
ever, is his apparent I,
truthfulness. His lies have just [
enough substance to sound /§
reasonable, and he knows
how to exploit someone's
insecurities. This char-
acter could be anyone,
too—he doesn't wear
his treachery like a
flag. In game
terms, he might

Image: Tempes-
tuous, sarcastic,
stylish and often
mean, the Rake

lives to show off.
To some, he's
a boon

/ compan-
appear as any of ion and
the other types in dedicated

this section, espe-
cially the Reprobate,


ORY RTO) | SWASHBUCKLER'S
(G HANDBOOK :

friend; to others, he's a spoiled boor with more sword-skill
than good sense.

Roleplaying Hints: Tolerate no insult, but leave plenty
in your wake. A man is measured by his ability to stand up
for himself, so make certain everyone understands that you
are the man to be reckoned with.

Notes: Although he has a diabolical counterpart (the
Rake-Hell featured in Infernalism: The Path of Screams),
this fiery young man is more vain than actively evil. For
whatever reason, the Rake is convinced that he must be the
Alpha Male in any situation — he's gone to a lot of trouble
to be the best at what he does, and cannot tolerate a rival.
If he chooses to befriend another character, he'll make an
excellent companion; the Rake is simply another aspect of
the Avenging Protector, after all — he's just really touchy
about what he defends.

Some young Guildsmen and other Awakened swords-
men fall into this category, but the Deadly Rake is usually

<< a formidable mortal. Magi who master swordplay and seduc-

tion usually treat those skills as means to an end, while the
Deadly Rake seems to regard them as ends in themselves.

Y Viola: The Disquised Adventuress

The Dark Fantastic world grants little freedom to its
womenfolk, and those of high social rank seem, if anything,
to have less liberty than those of lesser estate. On the other
hand, these women may be permitted some education, and
they have chances to observe more of the world at large, and
to shape their own ideas and hopes. Sometimes, then,
circumstances throw such women into situations where
they must take action in the world. And to do what needs
to be done, a few of these women disguise themselves as
men.

Getting away with this sort of masquerade requires skill
and quick wits, but the fashions of the age can hide aslender
female figure, and the sheer audacity of the act prevents
many onlookers from guessing at the truth. By the way,
cross-dressing in this period is more than just a theatric
convention; throughout history, a surprising number of
women have passed as men, sometimes for years.

A Disguised Adventuress usually has a fixed goal, and
will discard her disguise with a wry smile when that purpose
has been achieved. Some heroines, though, grow to like
their masculine freedoms, and sustain the deception indefi-
nitely. Still, such women are likely to need friends they can
trust. By definition, the Adventuress is determined and
independent, a very clever (and usually loyal) ally, but a
dangerous enemy.

Image: Boyish and beardless, the Adventuress seems to
getakick out of things most men take for granted. Although
(s)he seems preoccupied by some distant concern, this
young "lad" has a giddy, almost fey, edge to him. From time
to time, this odd boy says or does inappropriate things, then

quickly tries to compensate for his mistake with some PY

strange excuse. ("Pardon, milord, I fear such courtesies are a
part of every man's training where I grew up.") When (and if)
the disguise is ruined, our Heroine might react with shock,
outrage, fury or hilarity. Women are such fickle creatures,
after all...

Re es Wow 3s
Fortunately for many adventurers; thé elabo-
__ rate fashions of the day make disguisea fairly effective
(if complicated) art.,Dressing as a member of the
opposite sex is easy in. layered clothing, wigs and
make-up. Naturally, you'll still need.enough skill to
‘actually pass for someone else; this is easy enough to
ou're sticking within your own. class and,
yut-gets harder if you try to pass above your.

In game terms, the Skill: Disguise is important,
but not essential unless the character is trying to
look really different. She might, however, need
Etiquette (which encompasses current fashions) and

. possibly Culture (in foreign lands), to get away with
‘courtly garb: Depending on the disguise and circum-
© stances, the Storyteller might base the Dice Pool on

| the character's lowestappropriate Ability when she's a
; laying, above her station; she could fabricate a
incin deception, but find herself unable. to

¢ross-dressing often works. A person
eae asa man will be assumed to be precisely that,
in every detail, unless "he" acts inappropriately.
Women's clothing actually augments disguises by
suggesting something that might not be there at all!
_ Of Course, it' 's always easier to carry off a disguise if
you've gota slim figure anda fairly smooth complex-
ion — voluptuous women and burly men will have
far mote difficulty. Full, stiff tunics or bodices, worn
over shirts, stomachers or similar layered garb, can
{ conceal a certain amount about the wearer's shape,
~~ buttheycan'tcover everything. Male costumeshows
off the shape of the legs, and a cross-dressed woman
may be considered a weak, if graceful, fellow. And
upper-class women, although their:legs are hidden
beneath full skirts, have been.trained to move in an
emphatically feminine manner that few. men can
emulate easily. Thus, a cross-dressing swashbuckler
had better watch what s/he says and does. In court,
everyone is always watching!


ITEM, SECOND:
MASTERS OF
= THE DANSE

Roleplaying Hints: You must've been mad to think
this would work! And yet... it did. Or it has... so far...
hmmm... Watch the men around you, and take your cues
from what they do. It seems easy enough... well, except
for... and... well, it's an improvement, anyway. Oh, it's true
enough this new "dress" of yours has complicated things
immensely. It carries a bit of trouble with it, too. But then
again, life is far more exciting these days, so why argue?
Notes: Dressing as a man is a pretty common gambit
among independent women in the Dark Fantastic world.
Although magical sects aren't usually as prejudiced as
mortal ones (there are grave exceptions, of course), a man
simply receives more respect than a woman in almost any
culture.

Naturally, magick makes cross-dressing far easier; a
touch of Mind or Life magick can enhance a disguise in ways
that few un-Awakened women could hope to match. Actu-
ally changing your sex requires Life 3, but Life 2 can deepen
your voice or adjust your gait. Similarly, a simple Mind 2
shrug can reinforce the illusion, although a magus would
need Mind 3 to actually hide her sex from a determined
search. Among their own kind, magi rarely bother trying to
hide their sexes — magick makes it too easy to penetrate
such a disguise; even so, some female magi occasionally do
disguise their genders, if only for a while.

Sir Andrew Aguecheek: The
Comical Fop

Even the sternest social conservatives, who hold that
inherited rank reflects divine providence, have to admit
that some of those who inherit rank are not exactly perfect
ornaments to their titles. In short, some courtiers with
wealth and old, impressive names prove to be... well, idiots.
Fortunately, such souls can be very entertaining. Draped
in absurd amounts of tacky finery, spouting ostentatious
gibberish, flaunting ridiculous decorums, and generally
making himself look stupid, the Fop evokes laughter from
courtiers and commoners alike. Somehow, he never seems
to notice; if he does, he merely uses the ridicule as an excuse
to be that much more inane.
Granted, the Comical Fop is not always as stupid as he
appears; a true idiot doesn't often attain a noble rank — or
keep it long. Then again, he might just be obscenely lucky,
or have trusty servants who tend to the details. When the
opportunity presents itself, however, he can be quite amus-
ing. God help him (or his prey) when he falls in love!
Image: Existing far past the cutting edge of fashion, our
Fop favors either obnoxiously ornate medieval finery, or
absurdly "innovative" garments that seem to have been
designed by mad Italian clowns. Chances are, he's slathered
himself with perfumes, cosmetics and a choking smear of
disdain. His manner is as offensive as his clothing; just
listening to him could drive a person to violence! If he

weren't so rich and powerful, the Fop would probably be the
village idiot instead. Pity.

Roleplaying Hints: Let them laugh. You're a true
visionary who sees what others cannot fathom.

Notes: In story terms, the Fop often serves to lighten
the mood of a serious tale — usually by providing other
characters with a target for pranks. Occasionally, he takes
ona more serious cast, especially if he wields life-and-death
power over his subordinates. In really tragic stories, he
might even symbolize upper-class hubris by using his wealth
and power toward some trivial end, falling under the sway
of charismatic evil, or leading an immaculate army into
disaster. In general, though, he's best used for laughs. The
Comical Fop rarely wields supernatural powers, except in
the most comical of sagas. He may, however, take a gullible
interest in magick, and perform myriad humorous acts of
foolishness to satisfy his curiosity.

=

A) ZS

Dczavigi—
==

Sviar Laurence: The Worldly Priest

Rich folk and courts have their priests; this is, after all,
still an age of faith. Some priests are quietly devout, praying
for hours in their chapels and avoiding the intrigues of the
day. Others, however, seem more interested in secular
affairs. Some of these "worldly priests" are unattractive,
cynical representatives of their religions; others, though,
are genuinely devout. Reaching beyond their clerical duties
and roles, these priests and monks (or occasionally, nuns)
tend their flocks with a fairly active hand.

The Worldly Priest may act as an advisor, confessor,
confidante or scholar. He might even possess some odd
skills that he's learned in his holy service (like alchemy,
medicine, academics or supernatural lore). Chances are,
the Priest had a secular career before he took his vows;


= " = = — iG THE >\\\, :

troupe, a thieves' den, or even a throne. Either way, he
understands people frighteningly well, and has access to
resources that few people — even nobles — could hope to
attain. Still, he is sworn to sacred vows, and while he might
take a few "liberties" with them, there are certain limits
| upon his behavior.

Image: Although his robes of office tend to over-
shadow his personality, this man (or woman) of God has
quick, attentive eyes. He might seem almost saintly, trust-
worthy and devout; or he could appear to be a distant,
sanctimonious bastard. Note, of course, that appearances
can deceive, even behind a cleric's vestments. An aloof
cleric might hide acompassionate heart, while a backstabber
could cloak his ambitions behind a smiling face.

Roleplaying Hints: Are you devout enough to do what
must be done? It may involve breaking a few rules —
possibly even violating your pledges. Is this task worth it?
<I Most certainly. Although men might not approve of what
you're doing, you're quite certain that God will.

Notes: Whole sects (notably the Chorus, Gabrielites
@ and Craftmasons) seem to be peopled with worldly clerics.
Yet the strongest folk of this kind may be un-Awakened
mortals who nevertheless possess enough True Faith, cun-
ning, or connections to be quite powerful, indeed. A
clergyman, after all, has access to extensive documents and
money, the goodwill of his parishioners, and the power to
save or damn a soul. Worthwhile examples of this type
include any Pope, Cesare Borgia (who is, technically, a
priest), or the brilliant and formidable Cardinal Richelieu.

Nurse: The Wise Servant

Great and powerful people wouldn't be able to achieve
much if they didn't employ servants. And while the rich
nobles and merchants usually get the lion's share of atten-
tion, their servants often have most of the useful skills.
Every household needs it servants to keep things going;
ever-present yet ignored, these "helping hands" carry far
more influence than their station would suggest.

The Wise Servant sees what's going on far more acutely
than her noble employers do. When you need help or
\ confidences of a personal nature, she'll be there, often
against her better judgement. In all probability, she'll be
smuggling paramours past your parents, delivering letters to
your unruly friends, tendering her advice on subjects of the
heart or state, and offering a crying shoulder when one is
required. Loyal as she may be, she's not stupid. If a plan or
assignation seems like a bad idea, she'll be the first to tell

you so. And if you need to be "betrayed" for your own good, FS
this character might just be the one to do it.

Image: Older, often single or widowed, this character
dotes on her "employers" as if they were family. (For all
intents and purposes, they are.) Although she's probably a
nurse or tutor, (s)he could be a butler, stable-hand, cook or
bodyguard. In any case, she's very perceptive, often earthy,
and unafraid to speak her mind.

Roleplaying Hints: Even kings and queens need pa-
rental care. Sadly, the parents never seem to give their
offspring more than cursory consideration. Thus, it falls to
you to provide the helping hand (and heart) your masters
lack.

Notes: Traditionally, such figures tend to be old family
retainers, as familiar as one's own face in the mirror (al- @
though a newcomer, up from the country and eager to be
useful, can be just as good to have around). Most magi have
helpful servants ("grogs" or "consors") nearby, and all
Daedalean lodges include brethren who help with mun-
dane (and not-so-mundane) chores. If a magus is smart,
he'll treat a Wise Servant well. An angry underling can be
a very dangerous foe.

Although servant characters rarely wield magickal
powers (those who Awaken or otherwise better themselves
tend to move up the social ladder), some possess unusual
talents like True Faith, Awareness, Hearth Wisdom, Hands
of Daedalus, or other Merits. In certain cases, though, a
"servant" magus or artisan might have reasons to hide her
talents — revenge, love, fear, and so forth.

Stephano: The Comical Servant

To be sure, wealth, education and a good name do not
ensure grace. Neither, however, do poverty, ignorance or
obscurity. While the Wise Servant is a boon to her masters,
atruly Comical one is, at best, a good foil. The best that can
be said about him is that he makes his employers look good
by comparison.

In plot terms, the Comical Servant is often a well-
intentioned blunderer, or a not-so-well-intentioned
meddler. He's probably got some useful skills, but a perverse
lack of wit or fortune makes him look... well, foolish. This
does not, of course, mean he's worthless; indeed, he could
be a strong (but drunken) warrior, a clever (but lecherous)
seneschal, a loyal (but clumsy) squire, or some other com-

bination of value and incompetence. In serious moments,
the Comical Servant provides a test for a highborn
character's morality: If and when the bumbler makes one
mess too many, will his master take the trouble to save him?


TE

=

ITEM, SECOND:

= THE DANSE

Image: Although each servant is distinct, this charac-
ter often bears some sign of his humorous nature — a horsy
face, preening vanity, clumsiness, etc. (See "Comical Drama"
in Item, Fourth.) Even so, our Servant doesn't have to look
/ like an idiot; indeed, he might be quite fair to look upon —
until he screws something up, that is.

Roleplaying Hints: Thete's a fine distinction between
humor and abject stupidity. You don't try to act like an idiot
— things just happen to go wrong when you're around!
Notes: The Comical Servant is even less likely to be
Awakened than the Comical Fop; if he ever does gain access
to supernatural power, the ensuing plot will probably focus
on saving him (and the world at large) from what he does
with it. Still, a supposed buffoon who suddenly displays, say,
6) Animal Speech or True Faith could put a nice twist on a
common stereotype.

In less-than-totally-horrific chronicles, a dark lord or
vampire may be attended by Comical Servants; the lord can
still be seriously deadly, but the servant provides occasional
telief from the darkness of his deeds. Naturally, such rela-
tionships raise some interesting questions: Why would an
evil master tolerate such incompetence? Is it old family
loyalty, bad luck, or the one "flaw" (love, compassion, etc.)
in that otherwise perfectly vile nature?

Crinculo: The Court Fool

Kings and princes need relief from the weight of the
crown — and sometimes require someone who can speak
truths that other courtiers dare not utter. Such is the role of
the Court Fool, the "wise madman" who (deliberately or
otherwise) wallows in absurdity. Some such characters are,
by later standards, mentally unstable or seriously disturbed
— this is a harsh age, and there's no shame in laughing at
someone else's affliction. Other Fools are true professional
comedians, witty, shrewd, and often trained in skills like
juggling or acrobatics.

The intelligent Court Fool may provide comic relief; or
he might keep up a running commentary about people and
events. He could be a useful contact, too — few other
courtiers spend so much time in the presence of royalty.
Although he might seem dim, the Court Fool probably
understands what's going on a lot better than other people
assume; after all, his job is often based on careful observa-
tion. And of course, those entertainment skills may have all
sorts of unexpected uses. (See Edgar Allen Poe's story "Hop-
Frog" for a nasty example of just how far such skills might
take one....)

—

Image: Traditionally, Fools are deformed in some way;
dwarfs, hunchbacks, microcephaletics and hermaphrodites
are common fixtures in most courts. Depending on the time
and nation, a Fool might simply be a person of another race.
Still, some rulers appreciate beauty rather than ugliness; a
refined, artistic lord might have an extraordinarily attrac-
tive Fool — perhaps one whose physical perfections are
offset by some striking malformation of mind or body.
Regardless of his appearance, the Court Fool often boasts
very bright, contrasting clothing, bells or baubles, and some
witticism or "stunt" (juggling, firebreathing, epileptic fits)
that sets him apart from other, "lesser" fools.

Roleplaying Hints: They laugh at you, but you laugh
back. Oh, the crowns ride high enough on their heads, but
you enjoy a freedom of observation (and revenge) that few
courtiers could brag of! Use that freedom to your advantage,
and when you see an opportunity to improve your lot, take
it.

Seer of Chronos sit and observe a court while making
occasional cryptic prophecies? Or what better role could
there be for a Ksirafai spy with the right skills? Alterna-
tively, a mentally unbalanced Fool who Awakens as a
Maraud might make for a brief, horrific plot; given the right
sort of madness, he could remain in place unnoticed for
years, warping the governance of the realm and possibly
even spreading his insanity.


Riches are for spending, and spending for honor and good
actions.
— Francis Bacon, Essays: Of Expense

The Awakened Ones wander all through the courts
and counting-houses of the world. Even so, few of them run
around displaying their powers to all and sundry; rather,
they usually prefer subtle influence to overt witchcraft. For
witchcraft, of course, is punishable by death or exile, and
few courtiers want to (or could afford to) attract such
unpleasant attention.

The wizardly courts of Horizon, Doissetep and the
White Towers are filled with more "celebrities" than we

could possibly describe in this book. Many of them, how-

S ever, can be found in the Castles and Covenants supplement,
or in other Sorcerers Crusade books. Among the mortal
y courts, magi play quieter games, and are far less obvious for
f who they are. All the same, certain personages make im-
pressions whether they want to or not. Some of those
worthies can be found below, while mortal courtiers and
tulers who dominate the era, like Cesare Borgia or Queen
Elizabeth, are detailed in The Sorcerers Crusade Compan-
ion, pp. 178-192. Remember, of course, that these fine folk
are characters of renown. They might not be walking
fireball machines, but they command all manner of influ-
ence — often in very unpredictable places, Some act every
inch the haughty courtier while others remain silent. Any
one of them, however, could be a frightful adversary... or a
valuable friend.

MotherAphra von Freiburg (1391-
1497)

Those who visit her convent at Freiburg realize that
Mother Aphra is not, perhaps, the most devout of nuns. She
spends a great deal of time in her carefully-maintained rose
garden, taking pensive pleasure in the blooms there, and
the ideas she discusses in her extensive correspondence
with churchmen and scholars are not always entirely...
conventional. What very few people realize is that this
quietly brilliant nun wields considerable power over the
politics of Western Europe — both in mundane courts and
Enlightened affairs.

Born Jutta Broten, the daughter of a noble freiherr's
("baron's") servant, she was always moderately familiar
with high society. Although not "comely" by most

standards, the girl had a fierce intellect and irrepressible
charm. Whatever she did, young Jutta made a point of
examining each element of the task at hand; if there was
someone nearby who could teach her more about it, the girl
would study anything—stable-craft, leatherwork, etiquette,
politics. A lesser child might have annoyed the freiherr and
his servants with her endless questions, but Jutta's raw
charm and ready mind made her a favorite around the
manor... and brought her to the attention of a nameless
Ksirafai Magistrate.

Awakened and inducted into the Razors, Jutta proved
a useful agent. Soon, she assumed a double identity: Jutta
Broten the freiher's favored servant, and Frau Gretta Vargr,
Ksirafai operative within the German states. But despite
her skills with disguise and misdirection, Gretta Vargr's
remarkable intellectual abilities often drew unwanted at-
tention. Eventually, she and her patron agreed that she
should enteraconvent. This compromise was not as strange
as it may seem — a good convent, governed by friends and
allies of the Ksirafai, gave her a fine venue for her inquisi-
tive mind. Fake deaths were staged for both Gretta the Wolf
and Jutta the servant. Soon, "Sister Aphra" found far more
freedom in her own thoughts than she would have enjoyed
outside the convent walls.

With very little assistance, Sister Aphra soon rose to
the position of Mother Superior. Between her early years at
the freiherr's manor, her allies within and without the Order
of Reason, and her holy office, the "sister" acquired the
political savvy of a seasoned courtier. Over the next several
decades, she established a modest but widespread reputa-
tion among scholars, churchmen and magi alike... to say
nothing of a formidable network of friendships, contacts
and spies. These days, Mother Aphra is a leading ideologue

and patron of the Order. A real reverence for God and all 249}

His creations lends fire to her convictions, and that convic-
tion makes her a powerful force for mercy, reverence and
Reason.

As the Council of Nine and the Order of Reason clash,
Mother Aphra finds herself in a difficult situation. To her,
the Conventions hold the key to a better world, and she
believes completely in their cause. All the same, she's got
friends among the Choeur Céleste, and prefers to avoid
unnecessary bloodshed. (Her friends, it's worth noting,
know nothing about her affiliation with the Order, much
less with its Razors.) When she must, however, Mother
Aphra can still call upon her days as Gretta the Wolf; at
such times, she becomes a most efficient spymistress, a
Magistrate within her secret Convention.

= }

: ME: ITEM, SECOND: | bySs ra = Tas
MASTERS OF | FES@OSONROOO?
2 QYy: x

Although she's quite old by the time most Sorcerers
Crusade adventures begin, Mother Aphra remains an em-
bodiment of the Ksirafai philosophy: be sharp and quick; cut
only what you must, and do so quickly. Soft-spoken and
kindly, she retains the quick wits of the child she once was.
Ruthless as she can be when pressed, the mother makes
friends very easily; to her, politics is a simple matter of
saying the correct thing at the correct moment. Despite her
rank in an Enlightened fellowship, Mother Aphra would be
appalled to be considered a "witch." To her, God's gifts are
only the fruits of a restless mind, and if she displays some
uncommon skills, well, my dear, she certainly worked hard
enough to earn them!

Caesario the Fool (1461-2)

An irresistibly gorgeous Moor, Caesario lives by his
talents — all kinds of talents. By trade, he's an actor in the
commedia del ‘arte, a traveling improvisationalist with a
razor wit and an acrobat's agility. By preference, he's a
rogue, stealing romance, trinkets and new magickal secrets
from everyone he meets. By necessity, he can fight well,
both with magick and with blades, and he knows many
different ways to escape bad situations.

Born in a small village outside Castile, Caesario suf-
fered an unkind childhood. According to gossip, a Moor
raped his unmarried mother during one of the many flame-
ups between Muslims and Catholics in that region. Cast out
for her pregnancy, Susanna Cappella raised her only son
alone, working as a washerwoman, nanny and prostitute.
As he grew, the beautiful child became an impossibly
handsome young man. Girls flocked to him, and other boys
beat him senseless almost every day. The hard lessons of
those years left Caesario with a fickle adoration for women
and a near-total disregard for everyone but himself.
When a troupe of traveling players visited his village,
young Caesario was captivated. When they left, he went
with them. Over the next several years, he winds up
bouncing from troupe to troupe, respected for his fine
features and quick wit, but disliked for his carnal selfishness.
Fortunately, this wandering Fool discovers some new tal-
ents along the way — the mystick Arts of mind and body.
Armed with those Arts, good bladesmanship, fine features
and charm, he now moves through the fringes of courts
across Christendom. Although he very rarely chooses sides
in a dispute, he'll gladly join one, assuming that there are
coins, women, and good times to be had if he does.

A flamboyant, amoral soul, Caesario embodies the
carnal spirit of the era. Handsome as a Michelangelo
sculpture, dark as fine mahogany, graceful as a cat and
friendly as a drunken politician, this wandering player
seduces women for fun, then leaves them behind as his
wagon departs. He gambles freely, plays constantly, and
dares his long-suffering acquaintances to keep up with him.
Dressed in colorful Italian hose, doublet and boots, he keeps
a player's mask close at hand, but prefers to use his real face
for... personal business. An accomplished swordsman, ac-
robat, dancer and swindler, Caesario lives up to the large
codpiece he wears so proudly.

What makes this bastard a hero? Well, in many ways,
he isn't — he's a charming rake. Caesario's saving grace is
that he's not actually malicious, simply selfish. He does
occasionally aspire to something better than his wastrel's
ways, and sometimes performs good deeds. For the most
part, however, the man's a vagabond — a dazzling, talented
villain, but a villain nonetheless.

Maximus Wolfgang von Reismann
(941?-1885...?)

Sometimes known as "The Founder of Two Conven-
tions," Wolfgang von Reismann laughs that description
away, pointing out that he merely helped muster the
Craftmasons when they were scattered across Europe. He
can afford a little honest modesty; von Reismann is prob-
ably the single most important figure in the history of the
Order of Reason.

Heir to a noble German family, von Reismann was a
wealthy and clever man, a scholar expert in both abstruse
mathematics and practical, fiery rhetoric. He was also
taught many sacred Arts by an uncle who had some knowl-
edge of the ancient lore of the Brotherhood of the Rule, a
secret society that controlled arcane secrets of engineering
in Ancient Rome. Poring over the Brotherhood's lore, von
Reismann thought himself (perhaps correctly) to be its last
representative in the Holy Roman Empire. He was never a
pure idealist, though; he always had a taste for fame and
glory, which grew into a lust for literal immortality. Soon,
he realized that the engineering and mathematics of the
Craftmasons could not meet that wish; to defy old age, he
needed new alliances.

He never found much to interest him—or even accept
— in religion. In his youth, Wolfgang was a free-thinker
with a distinct lack of good judgement. Soon, his research
into alchemy earned him a reputation as a sorcerer. A series
of personal and "professional" missteps cost him his inherit-
ance, his title, and nearly his life. On the run from both the
Church and a handful of angry magi, he disappeared into
seclusion for several years.

——_AD aN

!

> —


ps

= THE \" ts
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

Eventually, von Reismann emerged rejuvenated with
his appearance strangely... changed. Soon afterward, he set
out to resurrect old ideals, mustering the Gathering of the
Square in Frankfurt in 997 and thus inspiring the creation
of the Craftmasons. Wolfgang's alchemical research also
brought him into contact with groups that would form parts
of the Solificati and Cosians around 1010. Their more
sophisticated alchemy eventually completed the processes
he had begun; now ageless, von Reismann withdrew to
supervise the new group from secret.

For decades, von Reismann all but vanished; behind a
series of allies and fronts, however, he was working to
expand his followers' influence in the mundane world. In
the 13th century, he and other Craftmasons supported a
growing alliance between mercantile port-towns in north-
ern Germany and around the Baltic. Within a few years,
this "Hanseatic League" became a power to be reckoned
with, strong enough to fight wars against monarchs who
challenged it. Eventually, however, larger nation-states

a shadow of its former self.

Meanwhile, von Reismann's ally Stephen Trevanus
suggested merging sacred geometry and trade. Opportunis-
tic as ever, von Reismann saw the full potential of this idea;
adding his old flair for classical rhetoric to the mixture, he
founded many precepts governing the formal study of Ars
Cupiditae (see Item, Third). Trade, he declared (over
Trevanus's growing uncertainty), was the key to the tri-
umph of Reason. As the decline of the Hanseatic League
showed, however, trade alone was not enough— Daedaleans
would have to build influence elsewhere, using their Arts
and wealth. The Craftmasons would retain their honored
place in the Order, but the power of commerce (and the
control of desire) lay beyond their normal studies. The idea
demanded a new League made up of merchant-princes from
around the known world. Thus, Von Reismann's vision laid
the foundation for the High Guild, officially formed during
the Convention of the White Tower in 1325.

By the 15th century, von Reismann has retreated to
"retirement" at the White Tower of Languedoc. Some
Daedaleans believe that he has retired from strenuous trade
and politics; he certainly stands aloof from day-to-day
affairs. This, however, isa pose. In many ways, von Reismann
at the peak of his powers, and his shrewd intellect and vast
experience are still hard at work. He spends most of his time
studying reports concerning trade across the known world.
Occasionally, he issues brief, subtle orders — with impres-
sive results. Directly and indirectly, he commands almost
unlimited wealth; that gold, however, is no longer very
important to him. It is the idea of value that intrigues him

now. With dizzying mathematics and endless political "ex-
periments," von Reismann has begun to study the effects of
early economics, psychology and social engineering.

Around the end of the 1400s, von Reismann sets the
seal on the ascendancy of trade in the Renaissance world...
and beyond. Adopting the guise of a capable merchant-
banker of moderate wealth, and claiming descent from a
"famous ancestor" to explain his name, he allies with the
Fuggers, a banking house which bankrolls the Holy Roman
Empire — and, at times, many other European monarchs.
Eventually, von Reismann's ally and pupil Jacob Fugger II
finances the election of Charles V to the imperial throne,
while pressurizing the Papacy to moderate its ban on usury.
Thus does von Reismann establish that money, not reli-
gion, is the supreme power in the mundane world.

Despite his wealth and wisdom, von Reismann is not
entirely carefree. In the rational, ordered world that
Wolfgang has worked so long to establish, 400-year-old
men cannot exist. Decade after decade, he must renew his
alchemical longevity; each time, the research becomes
more esoteric and the preparations become more bizarre.
Eventually, he retreats into near-total seclusion and de-
votes his remaining time to obsessive research and ruthless
politics. Dogged by the Scourge/Paradox, von Reismann
nevertheless becomes the Order of Reason's "grand old
man," approving all major policy decisions — including the
destruction of the Craftmasons he once led. Although later
sources will indicate that von Reismann finally "dies" in
1885, his "descendent," Jacob, joins the 20th-century Tech-
nocracy. During his rapid rise to power, many Technocrats
will whisper that the Progenitors — who inherited alle-
giances from von Reismann's Cosian allies — have finally
made good on an old promise. Grown from Wolfgang's own
flesh, it seems, a new von Reismann continues to oversee
the cause of Reason.

(Incidentally, only a superstitionist would comment
that von Reismann's death and recreation symbolically
reflect the decline of the Order of Reason and its reemer-
gence as the Technocracy. Technocrats do not believe in
sympathetic magick.)

Lucas Pacioli (1445-1514)

Born in the Italian town of Sansepolcro, Pacioli grows
up knowing Piero della Francesca, another citizen of the
same town and a noted artist and expert on perspective.
This connection assists the scholarly Pacioli in finding a
place in the household of Frederico, Count of Urbino. He
also spends time in Venice as tutor to the sons of a rich
merchant, and acquires fame as a mathematician before


WAS : KGS | ITEM,SECOND: | Re

f| traveling to Rome to stay in the house of the artist-
philosopher-musician Alberti. Eventually, he takes vows in
the Franciscan order, but this only occasionally interferes
with his travels and studies. In time, Lucas rises through the
/ order, later spending time in charge of a monastery and
obtaining a special Papal dispensation that allows him to
hold personal property (a rather unusual privilege for a
Franciscan monk).

Pacioli's Summa, written in 1494, is nominally a tool to
improve mathematical education; later, however, it will be
remembered as the first clear explication of a system of
accounting that has been spreading gradually through the
trading-houses of Italy over the last century: double-entry
bookkeeping. Pacioli then travels to Milan to teach math-
ematics at the court of Duke Ludovico Maria Sforza; there,
he meets Leonardo da Vinci, who provides illustrations for
Pacioli's De Divina Proportione before they both flee the city
to escape invading French armies. It might be that Luca
introduces his friend Leo to the monk's patrons in the High
Guild; or perhaps da Vinci provides an audience for Luca in
the halls of the Order of Reason. In either case, the two men
achieve some degree of fame among the Daedaleans, even
if neither one actually joins the confederation.

Although he's not a "magus" in the conventional
sense, Luca is almost certainly Enlightened by a powerful
Daemon's inspiration. A rationalist at heart, Pacioli repre-
sents a balanced, mathematical sort of scholarship that
refutes "magick" but ties mundane principles to grand
aspects of God's Creation. His studies of proportion and
perspective are symbolic of the relationship between man
and his environment. His texts, which use Arabic numerals
rather than the traditional, cumbersome Roman system,
link commercial procedures to Pythagorean harmonies and
the "music of the spheres," and thus show the world that
business can be proportionate and harmonious.

As future Grand Financiers will remark to one another
as they review Pacioli's history, there are more glamorous
services to the High Guild than popularizing double-entry
bookkeeping; few, however, could be quite as important in
the long run.

Catrianna D' or (1453-2?)

A daring, shadowy and not always welcome figure in
France's courts, Mistress Tatrianna D'or defies all the laws
that supposedly govern women. She shamelessly dresses
like a man, but wears her femininity plainly enough. She
does not wait for men to court her, but prefers to instigate

flirtations on her own. When she does so, Tatrianna forgoes
the polite rituals of "conventional" discourse and behaves
more like a man than either a lady or a whore. Her slender
sword shines almost as brightly as her laughter, but it's got
a deeper bite. (Many gentlemen have tried to humble her
with wits or blades, but they very seldom succeed.) Why is
she allowed to behave this way? Three reasons, really:
Tatrianna is cunning and beautiful; she has powerful friends,
relatives and lovers; and she's an accomplished Daedalean
courtier. No matter what she does, people just seem to shrug
and say "La Demoiselle est comme ga," ("The Lady is like
that"). And in the same vein, nothing really ever seems to
bother her, either.

Born Marie Betonne, this daughter ofa wealthy Norman
family resisted marriage from an early age. There were
reasons for this: Marie claimed she'd had visions of a bloody
death in a husband's bed. The death she foresaw befell

no proof remained to betray his deed, Marie saw through Le
Marque's excuses and discovered her sister's fate. Although
she was but 13, Marie stole a sword and dagger and, by a
fantastic stroke of fortune, not only killed the nobleman,
but exposed her sister's murder, too. Another lucky break
granted Le Marque's lands and possession to the Betonne
family as blood-settlement, while Marie gained a new and
secret compensation: Awakening.

TOUT Pee
ne
Z a mK J ae


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

Always an extremely lucky girl, Marie soon learned to
control her talents. In short order, she mastered the Arts of
Fate and Fortune, and used fabulous "coincidences" to
enrich herself and learn several trades, like swordcraft and
writing, that were often restricted to men. In the process,
Marie thoroughly scandalized her family. Instead of grati-
tude for their new fortune, the Betonnes disowned their
daughter and seized her riches, too. Once again, however,
luck was on her side. Changing her name to Tatrianna D'or,
Marie attracted several influential allies. One, a Rose Guild
Magistrate, saw the girl's potential. By Tatrianna's 18th
birthday, her family was ruined, her estate was restored
under her new name, and her formal training in Ars
Cupiditae had begun.

Over the last few years, this brazen young woman has
achieved a fabulous notoriety. Eternally unmarried (but

Y) her way into (and fought her way out of) dozens of courtly
ys; intrigues. True, Tatrianna remains rather controversial;

manages to get away with it. Outside Paris, Mademoiselle
D'or keeps a lavish (if covert) villa that has become a
stronghold of the Parisian Rose Guild. Oh, this Maison de
la Rose has a rather... earthy... reputation, true enough,
but it's no bordello. Its mistress is every inch a free woman,
and any man who forgets himself on the premises is soon
reminded of his error — at swordpoint. Gender notwith-
standing, Tatrianna is considered one of the finest duelists
in France. Although many indignant rivals complain "Elle
est juste chanceuse," ("She's just lucky"), perhaps "La chance
estavec elle" ("Luck is with her") would be more appropriate.
Either way, Tatrianna's "luck" guides, protects and shapes
her for many a fortunate year to come.

Benvolio Maracinni, "The Black
Lion" (1446-152?)

While it's often said that a great bladesman "was born
with a sword in his hand," the saying is almost literally true
of Benvolio Maracinni. His father, Antonio, was the finest
sword-maker in Milan, and had studied advanced tech-
niques and designs in Damascus and Toledo before opening
his own shop near the court of Prince de Nicola. Before
Benvolio's birth, his father crafted an exquisite miniature
sword for the child's christening. Later, when the priest
pronounced the blessing on his infant son, Antonio held
the tiny blade near Benvolio's hand. The baby grasped the
sword around the hilt; in many ways, he hasn't let go since.

As he grew to manhood, young Benvolio excelled at
swordsmanship. Although trained in his father's smithy,
the boy preferred using blades to forging them. Although he
got into his fair share of fights (and accumulated a number
of prominent scars), Benvolio always managed to avoid
serious trouble, thanks to his father's connections and
perpetual indulgence. Fortunately, the boy didn't actually
kill anyone until a Florentine attempted to rob Antonio's
shop. What might have been murder became heroism, and
the young man found himself in the Prince's favor. Tutored
by some of the best swordsmen in Europe, Benvolio soon
became de Nicola's champion. He was also Enlightened to
the greater potential of his skills.

When young Benvolio achieved his fame, fencing was
more theory than practice. Men with a grudge simply
hauled out broadswords or daggers to settle the matter.
Benvolio, however, saw greater promise in slender blades
and fine swordplay. Armed with his father's knowledge, his
tutors' training, and an almost supernatural insight, Benvolio
began to refine, master, then teach the fencing arts. In the
process, he also crafted some of the first true rapiers and
dueling sabers.

Benvolio's talents and growing reputation soon brought
him to the attention of the Rose Guild. In short order, he's
become one of the High Guild's most prominent (and
formidable) agents in Italy. A squat, brutal-looking man
with a mane of thick, black hair, Benvolio has been dubbed
"the Black Lion of Milan." Although his brilliance, swords-
manship and political savvy have earned the Black Lion
several invitations to join the Inner Circle, he always
politely declines, "lest my skills and wits grow rusty from
disuse." Very possibly the best swordsman in Italy (if not
Europe), Benvolio has recently authored a fencing treatise

entitled Concerning the Diverse Uses of the Gentleman's Blade Che

and the Accoutrements Thereof, in Accord With Knowledge
and Training of the Most Beneficial Kind. In later years,
masters like Agrippa and Marozzo will credit this Gentleman' s
Blade as an influence upon their own studies. In the mean-
time, Benvolio the Black Lion continues to hone his skills
as only a Daedalean fencing-master can.

Lady Carla Gianni (1417-2?)

Betrayal wrapped in an innocent package; Lady Carla
appears to be one of the Council's most fervent supporters,
a tireless diplomat with a charming smile and impeccable
manners. All the while, she actually works hard to under-
mine the whole fellowship, spreading gossip, seducing magi,


EC ITEM, SECOND:

MASTERS OF ey ACORN DOI

= THE DANSE

INE
by

Niccolé Machiavelli.
I laugh, and my daughter i is iota <
I burn, and the burning is not seen outside ~
— Machiavelli a a

As (supposedly) the embodi iment of alas Renaissance deviousness, Ni

PeeMachiavelli has become
Not quite so formidable.

a Fi eiicrcliecjoie rarer
adulthood, he becomes a man of

Bornin 1469 in Florence, the sonttane impoverished poverished lawyer froma
patchy education; if nothing else, this encourages oe ite h
letters (and a very skilled writer) with an interest ins pul thit deseptins Republic; i in 1498, h
acquires a fairly important post in its.civil service. Sent on ichiseentie missi¢ as far away :
France, he develops a talent for assessing a:country from a few days of observation, cha umarsng he
sees. He is not, however, terribly successful as a diplomat. é a

A patriotic Florentine, Machiavelli displays a fondness for the Italian States that borders on the ae
Contrary to later legends, Niccolé is a very moral man — he simply recognizes that conventional morality and,
the needs of the state (and thus, of those who govern it) are rarely compatible. If nothing else, he's a practical
man who favors the "best" solution allowed by circumstances. To Machiavelli, Italy' 's over-reliance on foreign
mercenaries puts his homelandvat a distinct disadvantage. (Later‘éve rove him right.) In the spirit of
independence and internal strength}: he argues that Florence needs a Citizen militia. In 1505, he obtains

‘permission to create one. Unfortiinately, the militia isn 't particularly iccessful, and Machiavelli cu insists
on leading it in battle) isno great general, ~ i

} In 1512, the Florentine Republic collapses fe Ir ,
Machiavelli from office, and he's accused of plotting m the following year. Despite ment and
torture, he denies the charges and is finally released. Retiring tohis family's farm, Niccoléset ntowriting,
hoping to convince the new rulers of his merits. Along with several plays and other bool produces his
masterpiece, II Principe ("The Prince"), during this period. ~ r :

To Machiavelli, Italy's fragmentation is its undoing. Thus, he reasons, his homeland needs a strong leader
—a great prince. In his treatise, Niccolé chooses the powerful, sinister Cesare Borgiaas his ideal; despite the
man's many flaws, this "prince of Rome" had been well educated, charismatic, and utterly ruthless when it came
to affairs of the state. Although Machiavelli affects a coldly cynical pose in Il Principe, he also chastises would-
be rulers who practice cruelty and'self-indulgence. Tyranny, pemninging is not the same as firm covenanee =

~ and a tyrant is as-worthy of destruction as a coward.

Worthy as The Prince may be, the Medicis never eelcauiedie Machiavelli' stalents. Yerkes, Fiona? 'snew
tulers use the esteemed courtier as an errand boy. When the Republic is restored shortly afterward, Niccolé finds
himself on the wrong side of politics once again. When he dies in 1527, the great Machiavelli is (by the standards
of his class, at least) quite poor.

In sum, Machiavelli proves a better theoretician than a politician. His ideas make him infamous after his
death. By the more openly cynical 20th century, he will have gathered a fair amount of admirers, although some ~
will say that he wasn't nearly in life as clever as he appears on paper. Even so, he occupies a prominent place in
theshistory of political science, and perhaps invents the idea that history moves in cycles. This leaves one
question: In the Dark Fantastic world, is he Enlightened?

In truth, probably not. An Enlightened:magus who. opetatee asiopenly as Machiavelli does would probably
be more successful in his career (unledsjof coutse, he's playit ng.a very deep game). However, Machiavelli's
analytical intelligence, and his basic theory that human nature is a tant that other elements can be applied

to, appeals to adepts of Ars Cupiditae. Although Niceolé suppos ind dies,in'the 1500s, Daedaleans of all types
will read The Prince for centuries to come. 4

Eg Xe


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S | R LOS Z
HANDBOOK ) = ae

SS

slandering her associates and performing the occasional
assassination. Is she an agent of Satan, or a Daedalean spy?
A Church infiltrator, perhaps, ora firebrand revolutionary?
None of the above. Lady Carla is simply opposed to the idea
of mingled cultures, of people coming together to "bastard-
ize" their Arts and water down the magickal supremacy that
her Hermetic forebears have worked so hard to achieve.
Unlike many sorcerers, Lady Carla was raised with
magick. Her father, Magister Augustus Saxeus Gianni, bani
Bonisagus, headed the high Hermetic council of Florence.
By all accounts a strict but generous wizard, he lavished
constant attention and scholarship upon his only daughter.
Apprenticed to one Contessa Regina Castiglione (a distant
cousin to the author who would later write The Courtier),
Carla excelled at elemental mastery and the Arts of Fate.
When in 1457 her father is slain during certamen, Lady
3} Gianni takes his place on the budding Council of Nine.
Unlike Augustus, however, Carla disagrees with the
Council's mission. To her, the bastard Arts of reckless

taught to revere. Disgusted, she watches naked foreigners
and babbling puffers defame the High Arts, pick fights with
honest magi, and stir up trouble among the mortals. Like
Heylel Teomim, she has decided that this so-called "Coun-
cil" is doomed; unlike that rebis, she has decided to hasten
its destruction by plotting with its enemies. In later days, it
will be said that Heylel may have meant to strengthen the
Nine with his treacheries. Lady Gianni means no such
thing. She wants the Council disbanded, by force if neces-
sary, but will not disgrace her father's name (or risk her own
life) by opposing it openly.

To all appearances, Lady Gianni is beautiful, charm-
ing, well-bred and friendly. She listens intently to anything
anyone has to say (for a variety of reasons) and meets with
any representative who wants to be heard. Lustrous black
hair, coifed in golden nettings, frames her olive skin;
intelligent brown eyes look out from the face of a saint.
Dressed in noble Florentine finery, this wealthy maiden
spends incalculable riches to support the very Council she
seeks to undermine; at night, her secret servants collect her
information and funnel it into the hands of the Church, the
High Guild and occasionally even the Satanist covens
beneath the Italian streets. The allies she chooses aren't
important, only the failure of the Council that would rather
dilute the Arts than use them to fight.

Baroness €Clizabeth Widenstide
(1510-15??)

Those who feel that mortals cannot deal on equal
footing with the Awakened have never met Baroness
Widenstide. A favored mistress of King Henry VIII, hostess
to mysteries, and an influential figure around the English
court, this young but willful noblewoman commands an
impressive vantage-point in wizardly politics. Although
she is, by all indications, un-Awakened, she provides a safe
haven for some, entertainment for many, and a dire threat
to several wizardly conspirators.

A slight, pretty but charismatic girl, the Baroness
marries when she's hardly 14; her husband, Edward, is a
close friend of Henry VIII whose family estates had been
granted when his father fell at Henry VII's side. Edward
himself is slain when an assassin tries to kill young King
Henry. Rather than force Elizabeth to remarry, the King
grants all her husband's properties to the grieving Baroness;
clearly, Henry has his own agenda at heart. In Elizabeth, the
King finds a close friend, lover and ally.

When he begins his "great and secret business" in 1534,
the King petitions the Baroness to help him confiscate
Catholic properties within her domain. She proves trust-
worthy; by 1537, Elizabeth has received several generous
dispensations and estates from the grateful King. Naturally,
Elizabeth has her agendas, too. Though nominally Chris-
tian, Baroness Widenstide has distinctly Pagan sympathies.
According to family legends, her great-grandparents, Lord
and Lady Brackenshire, sheltered fae and Pagan folk during
Wyndgarde's March, and may have provided them with a
stronghold during the Decade of the Hunt. If the mysteri-
ous, otherworldly visitors that frequent Elizabeth's court are
any indication, those tales are probably true. If nothing else,
she's on good terms with many shadowy folk, and they seem
to owe her a debt. As her estates and influence expand, the
Baroness plays a growing part in Awakened politics.

Ensconced in Hextonshire Manor, her luxurious castle,
the Baroness hosts an opulent court of mysteries. Frequent
visitors include wizards and witches from the Nine Tradi-
tions, faerie changelings, and other enigmatic folk. Naturally,
Elizabeth takes pains to assure her own safety; all visitors are
instructed to be discreet and behave themselves. Guests
who violate the sanctity of Hextonshire Manor are dealt
with harshly (and permanently), either by the Lady's mor-
tal allies, the King's troops, or the many strange allies who
frequent the castle.


ME ITEM, SECOND:
MASTERS OF
= THE DANSE

As an ally of King Henry, the Baroness has been
excommunicated and marked for death by the Roman
Church. Consequently, she's careful to avoid "witchcraft"
scandals. However, certain other parties have put her on
the Black List, too; apparently, one of the abbeys in her
domain provided the front for an English diabolist cult.
Now, the forces of Hell and Heaven vie for Baroness
Widenstide's life and soul. Fortunately, she's not alone; a
keen wit, formidable allies, and a political acumen that
belies her age make Elizabeth a very elusive, dangerous
target.

Shakespeare's later words "and though she be but little,
she is fierce" well suit Elizabeth Widenstide. Despite her
diminutive (almost fey) stature and slender build, the
Baroness hasa presence that outweighs her physical appear-
ance. Though refined, almost delicate in manner, she's
known for nearly predatory wits and appetites. Elizabeth
has three children (two daughters and a son) who mingle
noble breeding and primal spirits. Behind their backs, the
Widenstide family is occasionally called "that blonde
wolfpack." Although they have no obvious connections to
? the Changing Breeds, Elizabeth Widenstide and her off-
spring live up to that reputation.



ITEM, THIRD:
HEARTS AND

ey

=f

...thou hast great allies;

Thy friends are exultations, agonies,
And love, and man's unconquerable mind.
— William Wordsworth, To Toussaint L'Ouverture

find poisons to be a fascinating subject."

The chancellor was using his
"instructor's voice." Sitting at the table
opposite Maria, he placed two goblets anda
pitcher between them. With a significant
glance, he poured wine for them both, and
continued: "For example, your folk can work wonders with a
few weeds from the nearest forest, whereas I have to spend small
fortunes acquiring something effective — if that is what I want,
of course." He raised his goblet, drank — and Maria saw that
he did truly swallow a good mouthful of the wine — and then
watched as Maria did the same.

"On the other hand, those of us who do trade for what we
need may at least acquire a few astonishingly clever toys, if that
is what we want. Did you know, for example, that Saracen
artificers have invented jugs that can pour two different liquids
from the same spout, according to the whim of the person doing
the pouring?"

He met Maria's sudden stare with an opaque smile. "This,
however, is a perfectly ordinary pitcher." He picked the vessel
up, swirled it around, and then topped up both goblets with a
single pouring action, splashing only a bit of wine on the tabletop
in the process. Maria shook her head in at attempt to shed the
sense of unreality that his words seemed to induce. "The wine,
on the other hand, was very expensive" the chancellor said, and
drank again, then watched as Maria unthinkingly did the same.
"It's plain stuff in itself, but I've embellished it with certain rare

preparations from the Indies, worth the price of this ruby ring of
mine...

Maria suddenly realized she was teetering on the verge of
unconsciousness. She struggled for a moment, wracking her
memory for some kind of defense or counterspell, then surren-
dered and fell... /

When she awoke, she found herself lying on a cold floor. It
was tiled, she saw, in a checkerboard of black and white marble.
Headsick and trembling, she raised herself on her hands and
looked around, to see the chancellor seated in a lightweight chair
three paces away. The whole large room seemed to be illumi-
nated by brilliant moonlight, and was filled with plinths and
stands on which rested sculptures and items of porcelain, all
arranged in neat rows.

"Welcome to my palace" the chancellor said.

"This isn't the palace..." Maria said, realizing as she spoke ff
that she was mumbling. Unsteadily, she raised herself to her feet
and began to look around with mage-trained eyes. \

"Not the one you know, obviously. My palace. I brought
you here to pay off your debt to me."

"I owe you nothing." Maria turned her back to the chancel-
lor and feigned interest in the nearest plinth.

"That's strange. By my accounts, ‘you owe me your life."

"There was no contract." As she spoke, Maria took up the
heavy, strangely curved vase that nestled atop the plinth, then
turned on her heel and raised her hand to hurl the vase—


4 THE YY : SE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
‘( HANDBOOK =

Save that her hand was now empty, and the vase rested in
the chancellor's hands. He eyed it casually. "This reminds me of
the first woman I ever bedded," he said, caressing the object
lightly. "She was a harlot, but thoughtful and handsome enough.
I'll thank you not to shatter that memory."

Setting the vase gently aside, he rose to his feet. "Come," he
said, "I must show you the work we have to do."

Quiet Thunder

Oh, there may indeed be many magicians at court, but
take note: there is no "court magick" as such. Rather,
virtually every form of Awakened Art may be employed in
the realms of politics and intrigue. Such circumstances,
however, do encourage subtlety and elegance — a magus
who gestures wildly and hurls fireballs in the royal hall will
be crow's fodder by morning unless he quickly flees. (Even
then, of course, he will be hunted down with the full
resources of Church and State; after all, he's clearly one of
< Satan's own!) Besides, any courtier knows that the most
beautiful jewels can become terribly gauche if displayed too
freely. Magick in the court is used carefully and gracefully,
7 with as little fuss and flash as possible.

In game terms, most swashbuckling magi employ
magickal tools and styles that fit right in with the trappings
of power and prestige. Ars Cupiditae, "the Art of Desire," has
been developed specifically for this arena, although Ars
Praeclarus, Physic and a smattering of Miracle-working and
High Ritual Magick also have their places at the table.
Naturally, some courtiers practice Infernal workings and
Pagan Witchcraft, too, but these brave souls tread very
lightly. Their charms and rites, if exposed, would mean
> certain death. Hence, court is the perfect place for Daedalean
characters and the occasional Hermetic magus. As pp. 120
and 140 in the rulebook explain, these two factions spend
a great deal of time and effort foiling one another in the
halls of power... and they've adopted their Arts accord-
ingly.

Ars Cupiditae:
\, CheArt of Desire

"Your true power comes from something much deeper than
beauty. Cleopatra knew that... she could seduce a man at 20
paces without revealing an inch of flesh."

"How?"

"With her mind. Desire begins in the mind."

— Paoia and Veronica Franco, Dangerous Beauty

The Art of Desire represents the ongoing distillation of
subtle yet potent influence. From a21st-century viewpoint,
this magick style (see sidebar) could be seen as a bizarre
blend of rhetoric, mind games, fitness, metaphysics and

economic theory. In the terms of its own era, it represents AYN
an understanding of the human world so complete that it
grants mastery over both the elements and the minds of
men. Although it draws upon secrets as old as civilization
itself, this magickal style is fairly contemporary, a work-in-
progress that flows easily with the radical innovations of art,
philosophy, commerce and even warfare that mark the
Renaissance.

Despite its esoteric theories and teachings, this isa very
pragmatic Art, meant to refine ignorant minds and slothful
bodies into paragons of human achievement... and make a
lot of money in the process. It's a science of influence rather
than raw elemental command; a practitioner of Ars
Praeclarus does not toss lightning bolts around, but rather
shapes minds, emotions and societies through personal
persuasion. In a way, Ars Cupiditae can be seen as a form of
alchemy; it certainly follows the same principles. But whereas
the alchemist strives turn to base materials into perfection,
the Floreatus tries to perfect himself. As he does so, the
lesser folk around him reward his efforts with their gold,
their loyalty, their trust — and eventually, their lives.

Elements of the Ars
Cupiditae

Rhetoric may be defined as the faculty of observing in
any given case the available means of persuasion. This is not
a function of any other art. Every other art can instruct or
persuade about its own particular subject-matter; for in-
stance, medicine about what is healthy and unhealthy,
geometry about the properties of magnitudes, arithmetic
about numbers, and the same is true of the other arts and
sciences. But rhetoric we look upon as the power of observ-
ing the means of persuasion on almost any subject presented
to us; and that is why we say that, in its technical character,
it is not concerned with any special or definite class of
subjects.

— Aristotle, Rhetoric

The next room contained a set of plinths arranged in a
semicircle, with the tallest in the center. Each was topped with a
carved marble bust. The highest — its top above Maria's head
— bore the image of a fine-featured, bearded man, whose
expression somehow conveyed vast, analytical wisdom.

The chancellor noticed that the image had captured Maria's
gaze. "Aristotle," he said casually. "‘The Master of Those Who
Know,' as the poet says."

"The old Greek philosopher. Was he of your kind?"

"I suppose he was, in a way. He was employed in the court
of a great king, and he had mastered the art of rhetoric; I imagine
he was Enlightened. We honor him. But his was a different
world, I think, than the filth-strewn maggot-feast we now
inhabit." He looked off into the chamber with an expression of


Pw

2 (witha little physical seduction of
ee begins to expand that kingdom
rs Cupid '

Shia

" although it is, at its core, as magickal as any —
oks and sorcery fall out of favor with the |

bier pocdiasbeetie) heb stablishes.a "kingdoct 4

MC ITEM, THIRD: | &SS—————
HEARTS AND AXXO |
LAD OM) = —>

disgust. "The priests tell us this is the best of all possible worlds, (WAY
the holy pinnacle of God's plan for humanity. Bah!"

He turned to Maria, and she noted a fanatic's timbre in his
voice. "There are better worlds, better possibilities, than this.
We need only free ourselves from the chains of superstition, and
we can bring it about."

Sympathetic Magick

The Arts of influence are essential parts of magick.
Witch-folk make crude but effective charms out of hogs-fat,
blood and mandragora; tribal shamans wear masks of clever
beasts; the Celestial Singer pitches her voice to a vibrato
that pierces a stubborn mind, while the demon-priest em-
ploys a Babylonian recipe to drive his quarry mad with
greed. Whole schools (and Spheres) of magick are based
around getting others to do what you want them to do. Ars
Cupiditae goes one step better — it grants you influence
over what they want, and helps you figure out what that
desire is.

Sympathetic magick — the idea that like calls to like,
and that what you do to one thing affects another thing
connected to it — beats at the heart of such Arts. It's the
principle behind the cave-painting or the beast-mask. And
so, the charms that a witch weaves include mandrake and
bits of hair, while an Infernalist tempts his victims with
gruel seasoned with the sorcerer's blood. (See "Charms" in
the rulebook, p. 261, and "Ritual Tools," pp. 265-269.) Men
of Reason, of course, shun these crude superstitions. But in
all myths, a wise man finds a grain of truth. As mysticks
weave their charms from herbs and poppets, some folk seek
a more scientific method to plant and sow desire's seeds.

The roots of this Daedalean refinement run very deep
indeed. Some occultists even claim the Art of Desire sprang
from the garden of Lilith, the primal demon-temptress. | /
Naturally, the philosopher-scientists disregard such non- \\t

sense (although a bewilderingnumber of High Guild women
take the name "Lilith" when beginning their apprentice- \
ships, much to the dismay of more-devout companions).

The Queens Jezebel and Cleopatra were said to have mas- ) }
tered such magicks as well; with dizzying chants and strange
perfumes, they could supposedly make almost any man beg

for their favors. Clearly, these techniques went beyond t
simple whoring; they allowed men and women alike to tap

the source of Desire itself. And naturally, such techniques @
have always found a welcome place at court... \N

Rhetoric and Philosophy

The formal study of rhetoric goes back to ancient
Greece, where courts of law and democratic politics devel-
oped the discipline and made it useful. In its highest form,
rhetoric is considered a comprehensive mental discipline,
teaching mnemonic techniques, speaking style, rudimen-
tary psychology, and persuasive logic. Even when it's used


seaman ae THE y :
ORY IOS} | SWASHBUCKLER'S
: 1G HANDBOOK i =

\\\} by un-Awakened mortals, rhetoric can be damned fascinat-
ing. Combined with Enlightenment, it confers vast yet
subtle powers over human (and theoretically even non-
human) minds.

A mark of distinction, rhetoric proclaims "I am a
member of the elite!" With superior knowledge, poise, logic
and oratory, this discipline allows a skilled speaker to sway
an audience — to replace their ideas with his own, or to at
least get them to examine their ideas beyond a simple
"Because it just is, that's why." Rhetoric is the social-
intellectual trump card, too; with it, one can humble kings
without losing one's head in the process. Few people want
to look stupid, so most folk — even powerful ones — bow
to someone who seems to have superior knowledge. Hence,
the term "sophisticated," which bears connotations of wis-
dom, trickery, worldliness and complication. It's a word
any good courtier can understand.

Like any hydra, rhetoric can bite with sev- (fj

eral heads at once. The ancient Greek Sophists ‘i )

) (from sophos, "wise," sophist, "cunning ex- A %
pert," and sophizesthai, "to play clever tricks"
employed their rhetorical skills on both
sides of the law and all sides of govern-
ment. Some used their expertise to |
elevate themselves above the masses,
and to wheedle favors from rulers and [
commoners alike. Whatever purpose
they chose, these skilled orators argued
that man, not divinity, should be the
measure of all things. The gods might
or might not exist, but morality (so
they claimed) is defined by personal
circumstances, not by natural abso- {j
lutes. Ifa man's family ishungry,some
Sophists maintained, it's not wrong
for that man to steal — it would, in
fact, be morally right for him to do so.
It's not hard to see the connection
between such reasoning and the later
observations of Machiavelli, or the
deeds of his "ideal prince," Cesare
Borgia.

\\ Later, philosophers (from
philosophos, "loving wisdom") like
Socrates and Plato turned the
Sophists' tricks against them,

and strove to use logic and

argument to better the hu-
man condition.

(Naturally, if these

philosophers

managed to
wheedle

out a

few favors for themselves, so much the better...) Plato
challenged the Sophists' moral relativism with the idea that
all things did, in fact, have a perfect state of being outside
this imperfect world. Using his own rhetorical style, Plato
depicted an ideal government, the Republic, in which all
mencould achieve their greatest possible potential. (Women,
of course, were excluded from the equation; apparently,
thetoric hadn't stretched quite that far just yet.)

Although many of the formal techniques of rhetorical
debate were wiped from common memory after the fall of
Rome, many treatises were saved from destruction. Even
after these records were forgotten, however, the oratory
skills themselves remained important. A wise ruler, advisor
or priest quickly learned how to manipulate his people, or
he did not govern them for long. Secluded libraries pre-
served the Greek theories of rhetoric, and scholars studied
them. Eventually, the rebirth of classical scholarship
would set the rhetorical hydra free again.

Sacred Geometry and

Mathematics

Although members of the High Guild now
seek inspiration in rhetorician-philosophers like
Aristotle and Plato, the foundations of the
Daedalean version of the Ars Cupiditae lie in
the 12th century, with the Craftmason Stephen
Trevanus. A master of both sacred geometry and
| trade, Trevanus became convinced that ideas,
like coins, could be minted, quantified and ex-
changed. Unlike many of his contemporaries,
Trevanus was high-born, and received a formal
education. Stephen was passably familiar with
the philosophers' ideas; from fragments of vari-
ous debates, he concocted a bastard hybrid of
moral relativism, Platonic ideals and biblical
teachings. Eventually, he combined these ele-
ments, mathematics, etiquette, sacred geometry
and practical trade knowledge into a strange
series of books called Of the Coins of Human
Thought and the Divine Properties Thereof. Al-
though this treatise was (and still is)
considered too esoteric for common trades-
men or courtiers, Trevanus' ideas sparked
inspiration among his fellows in the nascent
Order of Reason.

The basis of Trevanus' work was simple,
even if the work itself was not. Essentially, he
claimed that human ideas and emotions exist

_ ina Platonic "ideal state" somewhere between
base matter and refined spirit. Those ideas are
subject to the same laws of mathemat-

@ ics that define the natural world, and

can be shaped by someone who un-


f| derstands those laws. Trevanus, a tradesman, epitomized
those ideas as coins, and used trade as an example of his
theory at work. As he pointed out, "value" is a human
concept. Without the idea that gold is valuable, gold is
{ simply another form of metal. It does not and cannot define
aman, a house or a kingdom. Yet, once defined by certain
laws, gold does define such things. When aman understands
how to discern and manipulate those laws, Trevanus rea-
soned, he can value, divide or exchange ideas (and hence,
the reality of material objects) as a merchant values, divides
and exchanges coins.

From there, the concepts became more esoteric. Trade,
Trevanus asserted, is susceptible to numerological study;
after all, prices set in coinage make the abstract idea of
"value" every bit as quantifiable as a building's bricks. In his
complex treatise, Trevanus combined the mathematics of
trade with the secrets of sacred geometry. Through certain
formulae, he claimed, a truly Enlightened "idea merchant"
could apply the secrets of trade — and sacred geometry —
to the secrets of the mind and emotions... could exchange
them in a "marketplace" with other Enlightened trades-
men, and even alter the material world with them. Human
will and desire — the whispers of God and Satan in the back
of all men's minds — could shape those ideas, just as heat,
molds and hammers shape metal. In fact, he claimed, such
shaping occurs all the time. Very few people understand
what they're doing, but they do it unconsciously just the
same. Rhetorical devices, like memorization, visualization,
thythm and rhyme, and the "rule of threes" (see "Oration,"
p. 89) provide the heat, molds and hammers for ideas. In
this way, ideas are like coins: minted, altered and distrib-
uted among the human masses.

An idealist with a deep empathy for the common folk,
Trevanus was horrified by the implications of his theory. He
wrote the concepts down in hopes that an "enlighten'd
societee of goode men annd honeste merchands" could
elevate mankind from poverty and desperation. Sadly, it is
said, he was driven somewhat mad when he realized greedy,
exploitative men were using his theories (deliberately and
otherwise). Eventually, Trevanus became a crusading hero
in the forests of England. Over time, his obtuse works, like
those of Plato and Socrates, were largely forgotten.

What does all this esoterica have to do with swinging
asword or seducing a lord? Nothing, and yet everything. For
although very few of the new magus-courtier-philosophers
actually study Trevanus, his theories influence many of
their techniques. Trevanus had produced an awkward theory
based on misunderstood fragments of ancient philosophy;
his work, in turn, inspired other, less idealistic men. Various
thinkers within the Order of Reason, including Wolfgang
von Reismann, examined Coins of Human Thought; some
even began to put Trevanus' concepts into practice. These
philosopher-scientists concluded that desire could shape
the mind, just as craftsmanship shapes matter, space and

: Z ITEM, THIRD: —— CaaS
HEARTS AND —UCOCOCESG
rs p- :

forces. Through literally sophisticated techniques, some
members of the High Guild learned how to make people
want things so badly they would literally change the world
to get them. Mathematical theories were incorporated into
swordsmanship as light-blade fencing developed. (See the
Fencing Square presented in The Sorcerers Crusade, p.
285.) Soon, the new Art began to blossom. By the 14th
century, with the rediscovery of classical learning (and the
lost secrets of the Ixos), the emergence of humanism, and
the spread of trade, the Ars Cupiditae flowered fully into
being.

Recalibrating the Masses

If the numerology behind buying and selling inspired
Ars Cupiditae, it was the drive for successful trade — for
access to the desires, and hence the purses, of other folk —
that made it powerful. While sacred geometry provided
tools for the study of markets, folk charms and classical
thetoric offered influence over people. Soon, various High 5
Guild philosophers set forth the idea of human beings as
thinking mechanisms. After all, the Craftmasons and High
Guild were by now allied with both the Artificers (to whom
Creation was a great mechanism built by God), and the
Cosians (to whom the body was a living machine). Always
willing to learn from their allies, visionary Guildsmen
merged Enlightened science with humanist ideals. Through
vigorous study, meditation and practice, these men and
women learned how the human body, mind, soul, and
society worked — and also, of course, how they might be
adjusted.

From there, charm, trade, politics and instruction
allow these adepts to spread their ideas (and ideals) through
mortal society. By setting a grand example as a so-called
"Renaissance man," a Floreatus challenges other people to
rise to his station. By giving them more and better luxuries,
he makes them want to improve their lives. By teaching
them more about the world in which they dwell, he attacks
ignorance and supplants it with (his) knowledge. And by
bridging the gaps between nobility and peasantry — and
sometimes between cultures and nations, too — he incites
them to throw down the past and eagerly embrace the
future: his future, the world built on Reason.

To 21st-century eyes, this new Art might seem like a
chaotic hodge-podge of antiquated charms, bizarre theo-
ties, psychology and parlor tricks. Actually, each of these
tools has its use; some influence the world around the magus
(usually through rhetoric, deception, sympathetic magick,
or raw force), while others sharpen him like a good blade.
A handful of tools do both. Like good merchants, the
innovators behind Ars Cupiditae understood the value of
many different disciplines: from frivolities like cosmetics
and magic charms to sciences like rhetoric and high math,
from Hermetic sigils to Arabian perfumes, from bread-
breaking to blades, these Daedaleans incorporated anything


THE v: =

RAISES | swasuttionens 3

Humanism
The inquiry of truth, which is the love.
the belief of truth, which is the enjoying of it,
— Francis Bacon, Essays
Atthe heart of Ars Cupiditae liesa belie
to something greater. It's an peek Sh

n ttoraise ahuman being
ich assumes that power and
th the spirit of the age — and

Things weren "always this w: a ; dle t tphilotophy of the West was what will
eventually be called "Schol ." Merging devotion, the Scholastics sought to
unify philosophy and faith. Scho! 1 produ e thinkers, and preserved many ancient ideas and
texts in monastic libraries, but it ul heen According to this concept, a finite set of
Scholastic tools and ideas were all or should) ever know. Any deviation from those tools or
ideas was dangerous and heretical. e 14th pesnsy, "Scholeaiciam was ripe for replacement.

The new ideas came first ftom medieval Italy, where a new ‘set of thinkers), foremost among them the
philosopher-poet Petrarch (1304-74 ed to original Greek and Latin texts for inspirat! while exploring

m4 the next century, this new school o
_ tulers such as the Medicis, al "Platonic Academy" in Flore:
99). In the mid-1400s, the I

ire faced with destruction by the
lic powers. Some of them wee

Although the label "hu

humanities" — grammar, poetry
humanitas, "human virtue" in all its pats —not aay the Christian valu
also bravery, eloquence, beauty and other more "worldly" ideals, R
system of Sc a ae intended to produce ie aaa and ese

humanist and Christian ideas to explore the place of Man wiki

By medieval. standards, humanism seems pretty modern, Ne ne sole Brownies of the
¢ e T us, insérting Hermetic
ideas about religion into the very heart of humanist philosophy. Hi \ ico délla Mirandola (1463-

teligious texts (and eventually falls under ence of Savonarola), studies the Jewish
] and introduces both influences into humanist works. Eventually, the openly Hermetic Giordano Bruno
£4 plays a large part in the later evolution of humanism. This "insult" is more than certain devout
ty can bear; after several skirmishes between the Gabrielites and members of the Choeur Céleste (who,
see Bruno's "sublime all" as a variation of their "One Voice"), Bruno is captured and burned alive forheresy.

Even so, humanism exerts a powerful appeal. In Germany and Austria, humanists break completely with the
_ Church. The poet Conradus Celtis (1459-1508), knowns "the Arch- Wace gives lectures questioning the
existence of the soul and of God; his followers go further, mocking religion with blasphemous parodies, and even

their local opponents argue more in favor of the utility of religion, rather than for its truth.
Elsewhere, however, humanism and Catholicism remain on better terms; the Dutch Erasmus (1469-1536) is
1 a sincere Catholic, although he recognizes (and satirizes) corruption within the Church. His friend, the British Sir
N _ Thomas More (1477-1535) is a humanist scholar, yet remains so devoutly Catholic that he rejoices in the death
of heretics before eventually dying for his own beliefs. Even under the best of circumstances, though, humanism
and Christianity remain awkward bedfellows; in time, the term "humanist" comes to refer to "one who studies the

world," as opposed to "one who studies the Divine."

Humanism casts a titanic light across Renaissance Europe. Writers such as Rabelais and Shakespeare, artists
such as Michelangelo Buonarroti and Leonardo da Vinci, theorists like Machiavelli and Erasmus, and even early
"feminists" like Isabella d'Este (1474-1539) and Sophia Brahe (1556-1643), reject medieval myopia in favor of a
world defined by human measure. Although the ideal of the perfect "Renaissance Man" eventually falls to
skepticism (and the idea of perfection through mystical study certainly loses favor), humanism's focus on mankind
as the measure of all things dominates European — and eventually human — thought for centuries to come. Odds
are, everyone reading this book was brought up, ina broad sense, as a humanist. Take that as a measure of the victory
of the Order of Reason.


ITEM, THIRD:
HEARTS AND
= BLADES

that might recalibrate the human machine. It took centu-
ties for the Guildsmen to merge their ideas into a coherent
Art. But, pragmatists above all, they had been achieving
results well before then.

eile:
Craining

"To master others," a famous maxim goes, "you must
first master yourself." Ars Cupiditae takes this saying quite
literally. Before he learns the secrets of external mastery, an
apprentice of these "high arts and sciences" must traverse a
gauntlet of mental, physical, emotional and spiritual chal-
lenges. No weaknesses or doubts are permitted — the Arts
are like tightropes strung across the soul, and if the "walker"
falters or the "rope" goes slack, he falls. The groups that
specialize in Ars Cupiditae (the High Guild, Ksirafai, and
— in slightly different and far more spiritual variations —
the Ahl-i-Batin and Order of Hermes) school and test their
pupils vigorously. The learning process is merciless, but it
produces the sharpest minds and bodies of this age.

First of all, the student is taught to question, but to do
so gracefully. (Lords and scholars do not appreciate having
their authority challenged, after all.) Social, physical and
intellectual etiquette is drilled into the student, first with
memorization ("When in Arabia, do not eat with your left
hand..."), then with constant exercises. Meanwhile, arms-
masters, performers and courtesans train the initiate in an
array of physical disciplines that range from fencing to
juggling to sexual seduction. (See sidebar.) Having con-

structed an adequate foundation, the aspiring Floreatus.

then studies an array of ancient charms and tricks, along
with mathematics, humanist philosophy and formal classi-
cal rhetoric. All the while, the other tutors step up their
physical training. Finally, several months into the instruc-
tion, the secrets of the Enlightened Arts are taught. By the
time he or she finishes this apprenticeship, the Floreatus is
a formidable courtier and fighter, regardless of gender.

Aspects of the Art

As magi go, the Floreati are fairly subtle about their
arcane talents. They can, however, be pretty flamboyant in
other ways — the term "swashbuckler" often seems to have
been invented for them! Between their mundane skills and
their Enlightened understanding of human nature, these
Daedaleans tend to be a pretty wealthy lot... and they don't
mind showing that off at all!

Despite its innovative nature, Ars Cupiditae shares
many of the common features of older styles of magick. It
has its own variations on particular themes, however....

Che Spheres

To an initiate of Ars Cupiditae, the Spheres of Influ-
ence are philosophical abstracts that grant a person access

it A , and arithmetic.
» define:
at least one dot in all the following Traits:

=

Za

IVA

Ee THE \ = WS NVA
SWASHBUCKLER'S
a= ( HANDBOOK =

to Platonic ideals. By manipulating these keys with a
variety of tools (below), the Floreatus brings wondrous
things about.

The twin disciplines of Life and Mind lie at the heart
of Ars Cupiditae. Both affect the other, and each one
reflects the intricacies of human form and consciousness.
It's a rare Floreatus who doesn't command at least one of
them, and most study both.

As a student of classical philosophy and mathematics,
the Floreatus tends to see Connection as a matter of
abstruse mathematical relationships. Admittedly, she'll
also employ a few archaic scrying-rituals to see distant
places, but the advanced student is expected to understand
that such "wizardries" are simply mathematical techniques
in another form. In a similar vein, the Entropy discipline
allows a mortal man to take on (and influence) Fate and
Fortune — and win. Both Spheres provide a lot of esoteric
headaches for the budding Floreatus, but the end results are
=} worth the aggravation.

Raw Forces and Matter are simpler Spheres, ones that
explain the physical powers and materials of this world.
Prime can be far more problematic, although Platonic
philosophy and advanced alchemy explain a good deal
about the Quinte Essence and its forms. As for Spirit, the
average Floreatus looks to God, and to folk-tales of the
many odd beings that inhabit the fringes of this world. As
the Craftmasons discovered long ago, however, such enti-
ties are still susceptible to the arcane symbols and
mathematical equations of ancient Solomonic and Her-
metic disciplines. With pentacles and complex chants, a
skilled Floreatus can manipulate spirits and ghosts just as
she manipulates mortal men.

Time provides the greatest paradox for a Daedalean.
On one hand, clocks and linear reasoning maintain that
time is an immutable, solid current. On the other hand, a
skillful Resplendent should be able to speed up God's
"clockworks" just as she could any other form of clock, if
only as an extension of theory. Very few Floreati burden
themselves with the esoteric ramifications of Time study,
although many use the fruits of such research to plan ahead,
look behind, or speed their physical reflexes to an inhuman
level. In such cases, the Floreatus isn't so much changing
time itself so much as she's changing her own perceptions
and reactions to time.

Cools

Shopkeeper, give me colour

to make my cheeks red,

so that I can make the young men

love me against their will

— Carl Orff, Carmina Burana: Chramer, Gip die Varwe Mir

If the Spheres provide the keys to Creation, the various
tools a Floreatus employs provide the material and pattern

of those keys — and the locks, as well. In keeping with the
grace and subtly of Ars Cupiditae (and the courtly settings
it was made for), the tools of that Art are classy and refined.
The person who employs them looks good doing so, and the
fascination he or she elicits from the prey is just another
aspect of the Ars Cupiditae at work.

Common tools of this Art include:

¢ Alchemy and Potions: Despite the mystic overtones
of alchemy, this spiritual and material discipline is the
chemistry of its day. Essentially, the alchemist studies
materials and their properties and reactions to one another.
By refining those materials, or by altering their state, the
alchemist hopes to change things to his advantage.

As Solificati know, material mastery is only the most
obvious purpose of alchemy. Underneath the bubbling
potions and false gold, a sincere alchemist tries to unlock
the secrets of self-perfection. While a Floreatus would agree
with that sentiment (and studies theoretical alchemy for
that reason), he also knows there are all sorts of uses for the
acids, solvents, medicines, poisons, and other concoctions
that flow from the alchemist's workshop. Many Floreati
simply acquire those by-products from an alchemical spe-
cialist; a few, however, try to brew these concoctions
themselves — with literally mixed results. (See the rulebook,
pp. 93, 264 and 266 for system details about alchemy.)

¢ The Art of Memory: A master of Ars Cupiditae
adapts this classical memory-training technique into a
powerful magickal tool. See the Memory Palace sidebar for
details.

© Bezoars: A bezoar is a solid object, usually an
obstruction, extracted from the intestines of an animal or
human. In future centuries, the word will be used mostly
among doctors, who consider bezoars an occasional medical
problem —compacted food, swallowed hairs (the classic
"hairball"), or almost anything else that can cause such
trouble.

In earlier times, however, a bezoar is a thing of small
power — a "belly-stone" that dispels poisons on contact.
Such wonders often come from Persian wild goats and
various antelopes, while lesser versions come from the
alpine chamois (the "German Bezoar") and, with the dis-
covery of the New World, the Peruvian lama. Cleaned and
polished, bezoars are attractive enough to be incorporated
into items of jewelry. Like gemstones (below), such items
are de rigueur at feasts and other courtly affairs.

According to legend, bezoars neutralize poison on
contact. Often, the stone is ground up or dissolved into
antidotes and treatments. Twentieth-century tests suggest
that a bezoar actually can absorb or neutralize arsenic — a
common enough poison — so the folklore may have some
validity. Other sources suggest that a bezoar changes color
on contact with arsenic, making it a useful tester, if not an
actual antidote.


ITEM, THIRD:
HEARTS AND
: = BLADES

The Memory Palace i"

To think is to speculate with images.
— Giordano Bruno, Of Images... © ‘
The classical tradition of rhetorical training (originally presented as a set of tools for lawyers in ancient Greece or Rome)
incorporates some very powerful mnemonic techniques. Ars Cupiditae refines these disciplines into an Enlightened Art. One
vital technique involves the creation of a, "memory palace" —‘an imaginary building in the student's mind. Within this
"palace," different parts of the building are assigned to different subjects, and: Is placed within the "structure" recall
items or facts that the character wishes to rememiber. ats om ee :
_ When she needs to remember something, a Floreatus mentally "moves herself" to the appropriate part of the palace, —
locates the relevant symbol, and from it recreates the desired memory: For example, the "toom" assigned to alchemy might
have walls marked witha flame, a fountain, a pillar and a fan (representing the four elements), ‘with a door leading to
the "room" that holds the specific element. In the center of the room, there might be a statue ofa Greek god, thrice the height
of a man, to symbolize Hermes Trismegistus ("Hermes Thrice-Great"). There might also be shelves of scrolls, each with
depictions of specific alchemical theories in symbolic form. An advanced student may expand such a palace into a whole city.
This technique involves a great deal of hard'mental work, and requi een mind and meditation exercises to use
effectively. Once the "foundations" for théimemory palace have been lait can be a formidable storehouse and
tefuge. Although the palace is usually static once it's been-"built," ster the meditation so. comp!
they can sometimes "install" active "mechanisms" in their palaces. A Floreatus who studies the Sphere of Ti )

emight have a palace with a (completely reliable) clock in its tower. One who prefers Forces might have:
his palace, while a Mind master acts out her orations on a mental stage lined with grinning, mo
Scholars of all kinds have employed this technique for ages. Christian thinkers (notably St. Tho
order their study of theological ideas, linking the "palace" to the theological virtue of prudence. It's possible that poetic
visions (such as Dante's Divine Comedy) and Renaissance artwork may be based on mental "structures" built around religious
ideas. On the downside, a memory palace might become a prison for a Floreatus who falls:into Quiet or is thrown into a
Scourge Realm. In all cases, the memory palace draws inspiration from the mental‘and emotional state of the person who
"builds" it. If a magus happens to be particularly gloomy-or paranoid, her palace may be fearful indeed.
According to some authorities, a truly skilled expert can work magick by manipulating the symbols and devices within
his memory palace, drawing down and directing magickal powers in the external world with pure imagination. This may
explain how Hermetics and Floreati with really high levels of Arete (7+) can transcend the need for magickal tools: Their

tools are inside their minds.

In game terms, a Floreatus'can access his memory palace by spending a few turns meditating (see the Meditation Trait),
duting which the player rolls Intelligence + Meditation. The more complicated the feat, the higher the difficulty and th
longer the trance. Remembering the name of someone you met years ago would be simple (one turn, difficulty 6), while
unspooling a complicated mathematical equation you memorized a decade ago would be harder (difficulty 8, three turns or

so).

With advanced hypnosis (in other words, Mind:3 plus that Skill);

palace. The journey is totally imaginary, and'ends

roll, difficulty 8. During a particularly bad Scourging, the

Scourge Realm based on the memory palace could swallow the acter until he finds his way out. (See pp. 236-237 in the
tulebook.) In this case, the Floreatus may have to return to memories of his apprenticeship to find the key to escape...

Courtier magi of all kinds utilize bezoars in jewelry,
counterspells and healing potions. In game terms, the
"stone" provides a focus for Life-and Matter-based workings
that involve poison and its antidotes.

¢ Charms: Although they're not considered stylish
among High Guildsmen, the truth is that old-fashioned
love spells and amulets still work pretty well. Young Floreati
often carry a couple of odd trinkets — poppets, herbal
charms, love philters, and so on — with them when they go
a-courting. (See the Folk Charms sidebar, p. 101)

Clothing: By adopting a perfectly selected manner of
dress, the Floreatus commands attention and respect. Given
time to prepare and the right wardrobe from which to
choose, a Daedalean can present herself in the most flatter-
ing light imaginable. In this case, the dress becomes the
focus for the "spell" she quite purposefully weaves.

ime,

is) use it to

@Floreatus can draw another person into his memory
‘wins a'resisted Willpower vs. Willpower
i his own victim; a Quiet mindscape or a

Clothes have other uses, too. With a good Enlightened
tailor and a few "enhancements," a garment may be woven
into light, innocuous armor; poisoned; charmed; fitted
with secret pockets, or otherwise improved beyond simple
adornment.

One item of dress deserves special mention: The swash-
buckling courtier often finds a well-chosen cloak invaluable.
Apart from looking damnably impressive when worn with
a little panache, the cloak can distract, divert and deflect
attention — or almost anything else. It can also conceal a
mage's hands or other items, help him hide in dark alleys,
and obscure actions that might be considered "vain magick"
if they were seen by mortal witnesses. (See also "Costumes
and Fashion" in Item, First.)

© Cosmetics and Perfume: Like clothing, cosmetics
modify a wearer's appearance, scent and presence. Since

2 ye

THE LAN

SWASHBUCKLER'S | PEROOZCGOGOZOY
HANDBOOK —SSSS 1

nterpart; if he wants |
ough justas fatally witho

- calling'on his Daemon, thank you very much, and
lightened fencing master would see nothi

te. Fencing, for such:
ightened combatant, s becot ies a metaphor
—and a very useful tool,

eof the same qua
id les both useful maneu-

s to be one of Satan'
tas an integral p:
g number of femal
y some degree; this, j
to such women, eve

stone with his bare har e
minions. Because fencing is tai
of Ars Cupiditae, a sutpri

Daedaleans know the skill
offers a crucial advan

if they don't regularly wear
; A really accompli
on as a Mier a
edures, too. The m

ate for Mind- and Connection-telated magicks. (Ser

the Fencing Square

lly, it's also an ideal fo 1s for Life-based atta
ces-related deflections, and Mind-based intim:

to the fencer's cause. En
A few commo
_ under "Workings,
| any good fencer can per form
Appendix | of this q

[ tal discipline and math- ©
ematical nature of fencin jing, and its concern
with space and position, it especially approp:

most courtiers wear some kind of make-up or scent (if only
for hygienic reasons!), this tool makes an ideal focus for
Mind and Life spells. An alchemist or herbalist mixes a
potion into the make-up, the courtier applies it, and voila!
Instant effect.

© Dance: The adept socialites of Ars Cupiditae under-
stand the transcendent power of dance. Unlike other mages,
though, these courtiers dance to create direct results (or
simply for pleasure), not to please patron spirits. Given the
popularity of courtly intricate dances, the rhythmic give-
and-take makes an ideal focus for charm spells, dizzying
enchantments, and other social trickery.

¢ Eye Contact: The simplest and yet most effective
Ars Cupiditae techniques involve long gazes, fleeting
glances, and hypnotic stares. Locking eyes (or evading
them, in certain cases) with her target, the Floreatus at-
tracts the subject's attention, establishes contact between
them, then exerts her will over his. A subtle but elaborate
"language" of eye contact adds an extra layer to courtly
intrigues; with certain additional talents, such as Mind
magick or the Merit: Enchanting Gaze, a courtier can be-
come truly unforgettable...

© Gemstones and Jewelry: In this setting, everyone
wears jewelry. Renaissance courts fairly blaze with polished
gems and shining gold, and bigger is usually better. But this
ostentatious display is not always as empty as it might
appear. According to folklore, most gems have protective
properties. By wearing a certain bit of jewelry, a courtier
tries to get those protective properties to rub off on him.

A truly detailed list of gemstones and their mystical
properties is beyond the scope of this supplement; a good
book about symbolism (like Miranda Bruce-Mitford's The
Illustrated Book of Signs & Symbols, for instance) can be
really helpful if you want to know more. Common court-
stones include: coral (all-around ward against enchantments
and ill-fortune); cornelian (confers confidence); copper
(protects against wounds and disease); gold (dispels dark-
ness); jet (safeguards the soul); lodestone (grants sexual
powers); pearl (protects innocence); and ruby (wards off
illness and poison). Any one of these can be used as a ritual
tool for spells that match the stone's "purpose."

¢ Fencing: A training tool, exercise and combat skill
in one, fencing can also focus magickal abilities. See the
sidebar for details.

© Machinery: When all else fails and spectacular
results are required, a merchant should never be ashamed to
trade with her allies — and the Artificers create many
wondrous toys which can serve interesting purposes. (See
The Artisans Handbook for some of the possibilities.)
Naturally, the Floreatus must understand the underlying
theories to use such Machinae properly, but as educated
Renaissance gentlefolk with excellent memories, this need
not be a problem. Small guns, needle-tipped blades, and


a : 6 ITEM, THIRD: FZ
HEARTS AND
= BLADES )

precision-ground lenses are common tools, but anything is
theoretically possible.

© Manners: One thing that divides the Renaissance —
orat least, its more polite and sophisticated representatives
— from the Middle Ages is the growth of the concept of
good manners, or formalized etiquette. Daedalean courtiers
understand the power inherent in such social refinements:
When human beings choose to live within a system of rules,
they're essentially making a mechanism, and mechanisms
can be controlled.

Nor have the Daedaleans entirely abandoned the Her-
metic principle As Above, So Below; etiquette, the law that
governs normal human relationships, may be echoed in the
human body or in nature. A Floreatus moves through the
world along calculated lines, and when she wishes it, her
actions create echoes in that world.

© Mathematics: Although they're not as adept with
abstract numeric theory as, say, the Ahl-i-Batin, or as
concerned with quantitative science as many Artificers,
Floreati nonetheless tend to be well-trained mathemati-
cians by the standards of their age. Complex equations lie
at the heart of many Connection, Entropy and Spirit
workings, and while very few field agents employ such
cumbersome theorems, their superiors often give out dia-
grams based on truly brain-breaking coordinates. (See the
Fencing Square in the rulebook for an example of such
mathematics in action.)

© Oration: Spoken words, which symbolize the link
between the mind, the body and the soul, form perhaps the
most effective tools in a Floreatus' collection. Classical
thetoric, public speaking, chants, and even the timbre of
one's voice all affect the human mind, emotions and will on
a metaphysical level. Hence, all Guildsmen are trained in
the fine arts of conversation and address, and employ those
skills as foci for most Mind-oriented Effects.

¢ Potions and Poisons: Aside from "classical" al-
chemy, some Floreati study simpler potion-lore, picking up
poisonous tricks and herbal concoctions from all manner of
sources. See "Folk Charms" and "Poisons and Drugs" later
in this chapter, and the appropriate entries in the rulebook
and The Sorcerers Crusade Companion.

¢ Sensuality: Like eye contact and speech, touch
allows one person to assert incredible influence over an-
other, especially in a setting where casual contact is
forbidden. Although sexuality is perhaps the most obvious
"weapon" in a Floreatus' arsenal (especially if she's a cour-
tesan), a simple caress, gesture, massage or kiss can turn a
distant adversary into a willing companion.

Vanity and the Scourge

If the world is full of platitudes... well, cliched sayings
only became well-known because they so often seem true.
One of the sayings that High Guildsmen often repeat with
a pensive smile is Everything has a price. To these adepts, the
Scourge is the price of power. Although no one actually
enjoys this deadly fee, some thoughtful Guild philosophers
confess that the Scourge is actually a good thing; without it,
Ars Cupiditae would seem too random and uncontrolled —
a mockery of their own craft of buying and selling.

Most Ars Cupiditae workings seem casual by mortal
standards. Guildsmen, however, are a proud lot, often given
to testing the limits of their skills and flexing their meta-
physical muscles perhaps a bit too often for comfort. Thus,
God's Scourge sometimes descends upon their backs, espe-
cially when a courtly Daedalean gets carried away with his
charm spells and actually usurps another person's will.
God's province is not mocked so easily, and even a subtle

the occasional visit. ‘

(Storyteller's Note: Yes, this is permission for you to
inflict a badly-deserved visitation on a courtier who abuses
casual Mind-based spells, even if he hasn't piled up a lot of
Scourge points.)

For the most part, spectacular bursts of Divine fire tend
to haunt artisans and wizards, not courtier-types. Instead,
the baneful effects of magick manifest in subtle ways: witch
marks, madness, and visitations from demonic spirits who
seem frighteningly human. On very rare occasions, a Scourge
Realm or firestorm might envelop a Floreatus; usually,
though, a backlash matches the sins of most courtiers: pride,
lust, avarice, envy and deceit.

When a courtier reaps a Boon instead of a Bane, the
results can be glorious: sudden wealth, good fortune, in-
creased beauty and helpful spirit "companions" reward the
magus who dares to make a place for herself in the world.
Such blessings can be mixed in the long run, though;
success tends to breed greater pride, which in turn precedes
a fall...

Fortunately, Ars Cupiditae teaches self-mastery above
all. In game terms, a Floreatus usually has Meditation Skills
that most other European magi lack. This, in turn, lets her
avoid a backlash through purification before things get out
of control. In story terms, these exercises may take the form
of intensive fencing exercises, arcane mathematical calcu-
lations, exploration of a memory palace, or even the
composition of incomprehensibly complex poetry. It's not
an easy process, but like any good merchant the Floreatus
would rather pay her account before it becomes overdue.


ee THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK

ps (

Workings

Not for nothing am I

Labeled the greatest trickster of Seville.

— Don Juan, from Tirso de Molina's The Playboy of
Seville

Maria stood, her fists clenched by her side, in the midst of
aroom whose walls were covered in Greek letters. "I will go no
further without answers," she announced. "You have brought
me here — now tell me why."

"Very well." The Chancellor looked down and frowned.
"My reasons are simple. You are a witch, whereas I am a
scholar. Although I have read much about witchery, I have no
true experience of spellcraft. On that, you can advise me. Now,
look out of that window."

S With a shrug, Maria obeyed. Almost instantly, she stepped
back aghast.

: "Yes," said the Chancellor, "you recognize it, don't
you? That means you're quite wise, for | don't believe that
you're damned — and that's hellfire burning out there, in
W the heart of my memory.

"No, dear witch, you might not be damned. But 1, by my
own hand, may be..."

Courtly Cricks

Floreati dislike the word "spells"; a spell, to them, is a
formulaic piece of vanity worked by some twisted
superstitionist. The student of rhetoric and mathematics is
both more lawful and more flexible than so-called "magus,"
and he masters the world through subtlety and skill, not
Hell-born trickery. Even so, he has more in common with
such sorcerers than he would like to admit. Many of his best
techniques mirror old spells so exactly that he's essentially
a magus whether he admits it or not.

In game terms, courtly magi employ many of the same
weaveries. The magick styles may differ, but the results are
pretty similar. A witch in Rowan Castle and a Floreatus in
the Vatican use charm spells to achieve their ends, stealth
spells to move around quietly, and blade-skills to defeat foes
hand-to-hand. Naturally, both characters would sooner die
than admit their common Arts, but within the framework
of The Sorcerers Crusade, it's all the same thing.

Most courtly spells qualify as "uncanny influence" (for
details, see that listing in the rulebook). The following
weaveries come in extraordinarily handy in courtly situa-
tions, too. Some have been devised by Guildsmen or Ksirafai,
but many are quite a bit older than those associations.
Meanwhile, Appendix I boasts an array of stunts that any
swashbuckler can enjoy. Have fun storming the castle...

Courtier's Senses/ Merchant's Appraisal (¢ or °°
any Sphere)

Every courtier wishes she could have eyes in the back
of her head. This little trick provides the next best thing —
an array of senses of superhuman acuity. Students of Ars
Cupiditae (including Ksirafai) are taught to expand their
senses with meditation and special devices, while witches
and other mysticks invoke spirits or extraperceptual visions
to show them what no mortal could see.

Along similar lines, a Floreatus is trained to recognize
value; thus, a merchant-magus can take a few moments to
appraise an object, place or person and note its flaws, virtues
and potential worth. Thus armed, he can commence nego-
tiations....

[Essentially, any "sensory magick" Effect is possible so
long as it can be explained as a refined application of normal
human senses (touch, sight, taste, smell and hearing). This
can provide a potential drawback, of course — to notice
poison, the courtier usually has to sniff or taste the poisoned
beverage first... which can, of course, backfire if the poison
is strong enough. Otherworldly perceptions, like Entropy,
Mind, Prime and Spirit, can be shrugged off as "hunches,"
although a courtier whose "hunches" are all too accurate
might soon earn an uncanny reputation among her peers.]

[A detailed Appraisal of a person usually requires Mind
2. Generally, people are harder to read than simple objects.]

Bewitchment (¢¢ or ¢¢ © Mind; may add © * Entropy
or eee Life)

A Floreatus understands desire in all its aspects, and
sometimes exploits it in its simplest, most powerful form:
sex. This may not be especially moral or respectable, but it's
quite natural, and it most assuredly works. Contrary to
misogynistic stereotypes, magi of both sexes (and all kinds)
use this technique with equal ease and skill. After all,
everyone has desires.

[Using speech, manners, costume, cosmetics, potions,
human nature or all of the above, the Floreatus literally
enchants his "victim." Normally, this is a simple Mind 2
Effect, but producing a long-term, obsessive interest re-
quires Mind 3. Sophisticated seducers have been known to
weave Entropy in with the Mind to wear down even the
sternest moral or emotional resistance; Life, meanwhile,
can induce bursts of animal passion, or ensure that the
consummation is everything the subject hoped it would
be....]

Courtesan's Draught/ Blessed Heir (* © or ¢® © Life;
sometimes with ¢¢ Connection added)

A minor irony: Generations of rustic witch-trials (jus-
tified or hysterical) center around claims that the accused
has rendered some woman infertile — a serious charge in
this era! Meanwhile at court, calculating folk who use sex
for other purposes seek that curse as a boon... while many
rustic witches actually use this charm to increase fertility!

[In game terms, controlling one's own fertility (whether
one is male or female) in either direction requires Life 2;


ITEM, THIRD: | fs
HEARTS AND
; BLADES

ya

aiding others to the same end requires Life 3. The Life-only
variation allows the caster to control fertility by touch or
potion, while the Connection variation lets her do so at a
distance.

[Fertility potions and contraceptive draughts have
endless variations (most of them foul), and no one knows
what goes on inside your own body. Hence, this weavery is
almost always casual.]

Distant Sight (¢ ¢ Connection; may add ¢¢ Time or
other Spheres)

High Guildsmen are not as obsessed with material
wealth as their enemies like to suggest, but they do often
have some property they don't like to lose. Some Floreati,
therefore, learn rather archaic scrying tricks that help
locate missing items; among the merchant-Daedaleans,
such secrets are generally considered a little heretical, but
undeniably useful.

Valuable items are often "consecrated" or "attuned" to
the merchant-magus while they're still in his possession.
Later, if something gets lost, the Guildsman will have an
easier time finding his treasure. Most scrying techniques
involve staring into a bowl of clear water while chanting a
simple incantation, then interpreting any visions seen.
There are dozens of variations, though, ranging from crys-
tal-gazing to Tarot-reading, tea leaves, and prayer. The
latter is considered the only acceptable form of divination
by pious Daedaleans, who take a dim view of sorcery even
when it's practiced by one of their own....

[This is a basic Connection spell; see the Connection
Ranges Chart for the number of successes necessary to view
a distant place or item. Of course, merely seeing a thing may
not help locate it; several more successes may be needed to
determine its whereabouts with any useful precision.]

[A master scryer can employ other Spheres in his
search, too. Time 2 can discern the past or future of the
object, while Life or Matter might allow the magus to spy on
a person or place rather than a thing. In all cases, a familiar
object will be easier to find than an unfamiliar one. It's
worth mentioning that noticing things from afar is pretty
vain; a Floreatus who uncovers such secrets ought to keep
his talents (and findings) to himself.]

The Geometry of Trade (¢ © Time; sometimes adds
© Connection and ¢* Mind, or © Entropy)

Members of the High Guild excel at combining book-
keeping with arcane numerology. Given a little time to
observe the trade in a particular region, along with a quill
pen, ink and a few reams of parchment for calculation, an
expert Guildsman can predict prices and trade opportuni-
ties for months ahead — something that other folk of the
age find uncanny. Given a few facts and time to question
the local lords and peasants, an Enlightened merchant may
also uncover what people want in a given place, and find a
market for certain goods there. Although these aren't

especially spectacular weaveries, such calculations make
"Black Uncles" very rich indeed...

[This is really more of a Storytelling device than a turn-
by-turn spell. If nothing else, it requires a lot of time and
preparation to assemble the information and draw the
conclusions. Even so, it can make a character fairly rich |
over the long haul, providing she's got the time, skills and
leisure to put all the pieces together.

[A Floreatus must have at least three dots in Science
(mathematics) to pull this off, and needs a bit of time to
work things out and take advantage of his findings. The
details of his success are left to the flow of the plot, but can
often increase a merchant-mage's Resources Background
over time. (But not without spending experience points —
this is a plot device, not a freebie!)

[Unless the Floreatus attempts very specific predic-
tions, this working remains casual; it does, however, require
extended roll and very large amounts of successes.]

The Hero's Challenge (¢¢ Mind)

swordsman has a problem; he might be better than any one
of them, but he can be cut down by weight of numbers.
Fortunately, human nature allows him an out: Taunting his
opponents, the hero pauses to challenge their masculinity
(and weave this enchantment, too). Not being especially
bright, the foes attack him head-on, one at atime. Now the
swordsman only has to worry about his arms growing tired...

[Mind magick sends out a simple impulse to "fight fair,
you cowards!" A character entering a room full of foes and
issuing a witty challenge has time to weave this effect
carefully, but someone in more of a hurry may well have to
"fast-cast." (See the rulebook's Magick Difficulties Chart.) ~
At least two successes are needed to have the desired effect
on the character's enemies.

If he's facing "blade fodder," the character's difficulty is
usually 4; if his opponents are more competent, the diffi-
culty is the Willpower of the leading attacker. Ifan attacker
decides "This is stupid!" a successful Willpower roll can
overcome the spell. Hence, this is a good trick to play on
nameless guardsmen, and damned near suicidal to attempt
with major villains.]

Horsemaster's Bidding (¢ ¢ Mind)

In a world where horses are the swiftest form of trans-
portation, an obedient horse can be a critical advantage.
Thus, a Floreatus who studies both horsemanship and the
mind learns how to influence a riding beast's intellect.
With a word or whistle, the horseman can calm a nervous
steed, summon her from afar, or send an opponent's mount
skittering nervously away. Generally, no one considers
such skills strange, especially not if the magus is renowned
for his equestrian talents.

[Again, a simple Mind nudge sends the command.
Normally, a horse is inclined to agree, and no roll is


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK *

=

necessary. If the steed is being forced to do something she
doesn't want to do (like betray her old rider), the magus rolls
against the horse's Willpower (often 3, possibly higher. A
really complicated command might require two successes
or more, but most stunts are pretty straightforward.]

[Such effects are generally casual, especially if the
Floreatus has had time to get to know the horse. Of course,
calling a strange horse swiftly and without obvious means is
wildly vain.]

Luster (¢ © Matter or © © Forces; may add ©¢ or ee¢
Mind)

A simple trick of the sort that gives merchants a bad
reputation! Using basic alchemy, fine tools and special
polishes, plus Enlightened knowledge, the Floreatus makes
an inanimate object (perhaps a gemstone, some piece of
metal, or a work of art) look remarkably valuable... for a
while, at least. Eventually, the Luster fades and the cus-
tomer is left with something somewhat less than what he
= paid for.

[Matter can be used to transmute a substance — or at
least its surface appearance; Forces can give something a

he dazzling sheen and sparkle. With a bit of Mind, the seller

can impress everyone who sees the item, although some
Floreati would call this a cheap stunt. Making something
look better because it is better (at least for a while) shows
that you understand what makes a thing desirable.

[A variation uses Mind 3 to discover something the
buyer really wants to have, then employs Matter to create a
facsimile of that item. Either way, the Floreatus can sell the
object for two or three times its normal worth — sometimes
more. When in doubt, assume the value doubles for every
success rolled. Although this working is usually casual
(unless it's done right in front of someone), the difficulty is
the buyer's Perception + Awareness or Occult; thus, a
common person may be easily deceived, but a magus or wise
patron will not.

[The Luster usually lasts for the usual duration (see
that chart in the rulebook). Eventually, the magick will
fade and the item will return to its old state. By that time,
the seller may want to be very far away....]

Monarch's Friend (¢® Matter, ® Prime; sometimes
with ¢¢* Forces, ¢® Prime)

Pity the poor monarch. Everyone's always trying to get
her out of the way, often permanently. To ward off poison
and magickal traps, a wise liege has a house sorcerer or two
acting as her bodyguards. This enchantment, conceived
long ago in the halls of Byzantium (or possibly even in
Egypt), detects envenomed food and drink, and sometimes
causes it to blaze brightly for everyone to see.

To employ this charm, the magus sprinkles herbs or
jewel-dust across a suspicious surface, views it through
special lenses, or mixes it with a specially prepared powder.

Like poison itself, this spell has many different variations,
but one dominant effect.

[Matter detects either mundane or magickal poison;

Prime 1 picks out traces of magickal traps and venoms. The \}&

Forces 3/ Prime 2 variation exposes the trap with a display
of fiery colors. Each spell pits the sorcerer's Arete against
the poison's virulence:

Difficulty Poison

5 Powerful mundane toxin
6 Subtle mundane toxin
7 Powerful magickal toxin
8 Subtle magickal toxin

[Merely detecting the poison is casual; making it flare
up is, of course, vain. This spell does not dilute the toxin in
any way.]

Chain of Whispers (* ¢* Mind, ¢¢ Connection)

This vicious but useful trick creates and spreads rumors
at frightening speed. Essentially, the courtier tells some-
thing (true or otherwise) toa "confidante," and begs her not
to spread the word. Meanwhile, a planted suggestion urges
her to tell as many people as possible — and urges them to
tell as many people as possible. And so on, and so on, and
so ON....

[The rumor is, in fact, the spell itself. Anyone who
hears it will feel driven to repeat it. Once the rumor has
been told, the magickal compulsion to spread the Whispers
passes to the next person; the mundane rumor lasts as long
as the hearer believes it, and the enchantment passes to two
people per success. Although the magick itself is fairly
weak, the natural human inclination to gossip can make
this spell last a very long time.

[Unless the rumor is patently absurd and clearly trea-
sonous ("King Henry is an ape-buggering pouf..."), this spell
is casual. A character who tries to resist the urge to spread
the rumor can keep silent, provided she makes a simple
Willpower roll. Most people won't bother, though — espe-
cially in court, most people love to spread a secret.]

False Witness (¢¢ © Mind)

With a few carefully chosen words and a mental push,
a courtier-magus can plant an image of something that
never really occurred in her subject's mind. Suddenly, the
Lord Chamberlain actually believes that he's personally
seen King Henry buggering apes! Combined with the Chain
of Whispers, this spell can have severe social repercus-
sions....

[A successful Arete roll with the Target's Willpower as
its difficulty will plant a false image in the subject's mind.
How he reacts to that image is up to him, but unless it's
utterly impossible ("I couldn't have seen King Henry buggering
apes! I was in France when that occurred!"), he'll probably

accept it as valid. A failed roll indicates that something was


ITEM, THIRD:
HEARTS AND
z BLADES

bas al °

wrong with the image ("That doesn't look like King Henry..."),
while a botch tips the subject off to the lie — and the
enchantment. This, too, can have severe repercussions...
for the magus!]

Witch's Diplomacy (¢¢¢ Life, ¢*® Matter; some-
times used with other Spheres — see below)

Courtiers and witches are renowned for their poison-
ous habits. With a vile mixture of herbs, venoms and
sorcerous wiles, this working allows a would-be assassin to
create a deadly toxin, impregnate some fluid or object with
it, and inflict some doom upon the person who imbibes it.

Naturally, many variations of this curse exist. A simple
version simply harms the victim physically. Other varia-
tions conceal the toxin, drive the victim insane; turn
everything that touches the poison into more poison, trans-
form a living person into stone, allow other people to
sample the toxin without harm, or delay the effects of the
poison until after a certain time has elapsed. Despite the
grisly penalties for poisoning, some folk are renowned for
their expertise, or pride themselves on imaginative varia-
tions on a theme.

[Matter 2 lets the caster set the Life Effect into an
inanimate object or fluid. The poison itself can take all
kinds of forms, including:

¢ Physical harm (aggravated Life-based damage;r e -
quires Life 3)

¢ Burning (aggravated Forces magick damage; requires
Life 3 + Forces 3)

* Sleep (lasts normal spell duration; requires Life 3)

© Deep slumber (lasts Time magick duration; requires

v > Life 3 + Time 3)

e Insanity (as "sleep" or "slumber"; requires Life 3 +
Mind 3, or Life 3 + Mind 3 + Time 3)

¢ Flesh into stone or other matter (lasts normal dura-
tion; requires Life + Matter 3. A longer version incorporates
Time 3, also.)

¢ Work only against a certain person (requires Life 3)

© Work only after a set time has elapsed (requires other
appropriate Spheres + Time 3)

¢ Turn other materials into poison (requires Life 3 +
Matter 3, plus other appropriate Spheres)

¢ Conceal poison from detection (requires Life 3 +
Mind 3, Prime 3, or both)

Normally, a victim should be allowed to soak the
damage from the toxin if he makes a successful Stamina roll,
difficulty 8. Because the poison is magickal, he might even
be able to use countermagick against it, provides he knows
about the poison before he imbibes it. (Afterward, it's a tad
late....) In most cases, the Merit: Poison Resistance is useless
against this spell, although the Storyteller may grant an
exception.

A character who wants to use this spell must first [f

possess the Knowledge: Poison. After preparing the ingredi-
ents (a chore in itself), the assassin makes her Arete roll.
This may be an extended roll, but it should generally be
limited to three tries (three being the magic number; again,
this is Storyteller's discretion). Given the prevalence of

poison in this setting, the difficulty is usually 6; really |

spectacular venoms, like fire and petrifaction, would be
difficulty 8, and earn the poison-brewer a point or two of
Scourge at the time of brewing.

Unless Prime has been used to cover mystick traces, a
magickal poison is rather obvious to someone using Prime
1 or Matter 1 to detect toxins. (Knowing this, wizardly
assassins often brew Prime into concoctions they plan to use
against other magi.) For further details about poisons, see

the rulebook, pp. 201-202, 206-207.

Gifts of the lxos

In addition to a host of mundane skills (in game terms, &

yaw

Climbing, Disguise, Herbalism, Stealth and Subterfuge)
the fabled Ixos possessed several mystick secrets. Three of

we

these — illusion, shape-shifting and invisibility — are Qy>

standard wizardly feats, and are described in the rulebook.
Three, however, are worth describing:

The Silent Circle (¢* Forces)

With a whispered invocation and a sprinkling of grave
dust, a Ksirafai can mute all sounds within a small radius,
and deepen the shadows within that same area.

[A simple Forces spell dampens (but does not dispel)
sound and illumination within a perfect circle. The area of
this Circle expands 10' for each success rolled. Under the
right conditions (fog, nighttime, a storm) the spell is casual;
if light pales and sounds fade in open sunshine, however,
some vain magick is certainly at work!]

Morpheus' Kiss (¢ © Life, © ® Mind)

At night, all watchmen secretly want to sleep. By
calling upon this hidden desire, a Razor can lull a guard into
the slumber he so desperately craves. To invoke that spell,
the Ksirafai taps three times on her own head, repeats
"sleep, sleep, sleep," each time, then blows a kiss at the
watchman. Unless he's stout of heart, he'll do as his body
(and the Razor) demands.

[By appealing to both mind and body, the Razor inspires
sleep rather than inducing it. The difficulty of the roll is the
watchman's Willpower; if the roll succeeds, the watchman
gradually (not suddenly!) drifts off and slowly collapses.
This spell is casual, does not inflict lasting harm, and lasts
for the usual magick duration.]

Death's Passage (¢*°° Entropy, °¢® Spirit, °¢
Life)

In return for the cowardly slaying of Achilles, Hermes
granted Odysseus a grim favor: He and his men would be
able to step out of this world, but in so doing they would


RV RT RYO) | SWASHBUCKLER'S CI ROOZO}}

=
\
}
2

Se

cross the threshold of death... and bring a bit of it back with
them to the mortal world. Some say the melancholy that
haunted Odysseus for the rest of his life could be traced back
s to the dust of Hades he forever carried on his feet... and
soul.

Despite the sinister overtones of this "gift," some Ra-
zors use it to cross through barriers in the mortal world.
Entering a trance, the Ksirafai slows down her life-force,
then disappears from the living world and reappears in the
Shadowlands. Philosopher-scientists who know about this
macabre trick speculate that the Razor actually sets her soul
wandering while her body stays behind. Regardless, the act
has dire ramifications. Death-taint (also called Jhor) settles
in every time the Razor steps across Hades' threshold. In
l\\ time, she may come to love death, even though her body
still dwells in the living world.

[In game terms, this is a shadow-walk into the Under-
world (see the rulebook, pp. 211). When (and if!) she
returns, the Ksirafai will probably bear a bit of Jhor back
with her (see the rulebook, p. 236). This probably explains
a lot about the Razors' ghostly, morbid reputation.]

Enlightened Fencing Techniques

A slender sword that can kill more quickly and effi-
ciently thana massive steel chopper certainly seems magickal

ef
A if

A ra

—

Ya f

j

enough. And while most of the refinements of this fighting
art are quite mundane (if spectacular), a few appear to be
quite supernatural....

Blade Sense (* Connection, ¢ Matter, © Life)

An Enlightened fencer can use her skills to improve
her chances in a confused melee. Becoming "one with the
blade" and attuning herself to the exigencies of combat, the
Floreatus enters a half-trance and expands her senses far
beyond normal limitations. Thus attuned, she can spot foes
out of normal sight, swat opponents' blades aside, antici-
pate their moves, and (to some degree) even fight in total
darkness.

[A combination of extra-spatial awareness (Connec-
tion), physical precision (Life) and a bond within the blade
(Matter) allows the fencer to sense nearby opponents, read
their impulses (not deep thoughts! ), and strike with great
effect. In game terms, this comes across as a combat sense
that notes ambushes and lets the Floreatus sidestep penal-
ties for being blinded.

[Atthe Storyteller's discretion, Blade Sense might also
allow the player to reduce the difficulty of her next attack
or parry roll by 1 for every two successes. This option,
however, might be too ripe for abuse, and the Storyteller
may ignore it if he pleases.]


\AN}\¥o Wh,
very

a ® ITEM, THIRD: | Bee ae oe

The Piercing Thrust (¢ Entropy, Life or Matter;
sometimes with ¢¢ Entropy)

Well-armored fighters sometimes laugh at fencers,
thinking that no lightweight blade can pierce a good plate
corselet. An Enlightened fencer can show how wrong they
are...
[Like the Artisan technique known as Splitting the
Cuirass (see The Artisans Handbook, p. 48), this Thrust
uses perception magicks to detect weak points. Matter 1
serves against man-made armor; Life 1 achieves the same
effect against natural protections (like an animal's thick
hide); and Entropy 1 works against any defense.

[Each success on the Arete roll reduces the armor's
protection value by one. The fencer strikes at +2 difficulty,
however, because she must target a very specific point. An
additional Entropy 2 spell can negate this penalty, as it
guides the fencer's blade with uncanny precision.

{In most cases, this maneuver is casual, if a trifle
unsettling. A blade that pierces solid stone or cast iron, on
the other hand, is remarkably vain.]

Beat of the Blade (¢¢¢ Time)

A true expert seemingly transcends normal concep-
tions of time, striking twice or thrice before an opponent
can even respond. In such a case, the fencer's sword moves
swiftly — sometimes faster than the eye or arm can follow.

[This is a typical, if Daedalean, example of Spinning
the Wheel (see the rulebook, p.254). Although such inhu-
man speeds are usually quite vain, a noted fencer can make
the Effect seem casual — almost uncanny, but not quite

unbelievable.]

" : ‘
Be Che Sruits of Desire

Among other evils caused by being disarmed, it renders you
contemptible. It is not reasonable to suppose that one who is
armed will obey willingly one who is unarmed; or that any
unarmed man will remain safe among armed servants.

— Machiavelli, The Prince

Gareth sat patiently on alow stool, his sword in its scabbard
across his knees. Nearby, Maria murmured a little and shifted
position. Finally, she was waking up.

Her eyes opened, and she saw Gareth by her side. He
offered her a cup. She took it and drank, then frowned — only
alittle, he judged with relief, and not in pain.

"Water?" she asked faintly.

"Pure water, and nothing else. My word on that; none
purer."

She shook her head to clear it, and raised herself, spilling a
little from the cup. "Ah," she said, "none purer indeed. Is that
lawful?"

He shrugged sheepishly. "I persuaded the good father that
we had just cause." The bodyguard sheathed the sword he had
drawn before approaching her. "And forgive me the test, but..."

"Yes," she said, leaning up. "I can drink your holy water
without pain."

"Then," said Gareth, "we have much work to do. And |
quickly, too."

Maria smiled faintly, unkindly. "So you've chosen to
betray ‘your master, then?"

"Oh, no," he countered. "Quite the opposite. Although! ]
set myself against him now, I'm acting in his true best interests."
The guard seemed weary, but sincere.

The witch noted the haunted look in Gareth's eyes. "So he
is damned, then."

Gareth sighed. "More deeply than he himself could realize."

"And why is this my concern?"

"Because," he replied, "the fruits of his damnation have
grown in your own sacred gardens."

She bolted upright. "The plague? That's his doing?"

"Not his," Gareth demurred. He didn't like the witch's
expression, but couldn't really blame her, either. "Another
serpent has poisoned him. Do ‘you want to hear more?"

Maria grimaced. "I do. Tell me everything...."

All's Saiv...

While the Floreatus recognizes that power comes from
command of the self, she must also accept that the self exists
in the world. Thus, any resource that allows the courtier to
get an edge in that world is worthwhile, even if other folk
look askance at the "resource" in question. To that end, a
Floreatus employs money, gossip, charisma, gamesmanship, *
mechanical devices, prayer, and evensorcery to achieve her
desired ends. This is an Art for rich merchants, after all, and
nearly any trick is fair.

Enlightened courtiers wield all manner of tools and
devices, both mundane and uncanny. Anything from per-
fumes and subtle gestures to cash, brute force, or even
sorcery — the advantages employed by courtly magicians
are legion. Like all other things courtly, however, they're
most often subtle. If a courtier wheeled in a gigantic killing
machine or bubbling cauldron — well, people might talk,
you know...

New and Increased
Background Craits

As they're quick to remind anyone who steps out of
line, courtiers and merchant-princes are not ordinary people!
Between his power, money and influence, a single duke or
moneylender can command resources that many a wizard
would envy. Hence, certain rich or royal characters might,


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK

au

=

at Storyteller's discretion, be able to purchase very high or
different Background Traits than those presented in the
main rulebook.

To reflect the loyalty and wealth certain personages
possess, a handful of Backgrounds (Allies, Influence, Li-
brary and Resources) may be raised to levels over 5. However,
we recommend that no single player's character be allowed
to purchase any Background at a level of 8 or higher — very
few people in the world have this kind of influence, and it
should be reserved for emperors, kings, and merchant lords
like Jakob Fugger.

Note also that these "court Backgrounds" may well be
tied to the Merit: Title, or to significant honors in the mortal

world. A character (Storyteller or player) who falls from
, q grace will probably lose these "perks" in the bargain.

= Allies
Z A courtier makes a many friends. Although most of
<< them will fall into the "Retinue" category when and if they
} figure into a character's Backgrounds at all, a handful of
powerful friends (including night-folk or other wizards)
might be a bit more helpful than that. Naturally, these
august companions must be placated and rewarded in the
usual ways, and their loyalty dwindles as their numbers
increase. But when a pack of werebeasts or mad sorcerers are
pounding at the door, however, it's nice to have friends by
your side...
eeeoee @

Six moderately powerful Allies, many

"lesser" sidekicks, or three truly powerful

ones.

e@eeee ee Seven boon companions, a pack of un
derlings, or a handful of deadly friends.

eeeee eve Fight Allies, a small army of followers, or
a half-dozen magi or night-folk.

eeeee eee Nine true and loyal friends, a small peas
ant militia, or a dozen very dangerous
beings.

eeeeseeees 10 900d, stout fellows, several hundred

followers, or a variety of powerful wizards

or other arcane beasts.

Influence (Increased)

The halls of power crawl with people whose influence
outstrips the average lord or lady. Such folk can affect whole
kingdoms with their whims, or affect affairs in distant lands
with a modicum of effort. Naturally, truly prodigious feats
of dominion require time, intermediaries, and often travel
— you can't just pick up a phone in 1500! And when
political schemes go. awry, the consequences can be disas-
trous: war and accusations of treason can follow close
behind a failed or botched Manipulation + Influence roll!

When you speak, the upper nobility lis
ten closely.

e@eeee ee You're one of the most influential people
in your kingdom, and can exert influence
outside your realm, too.

e@eeee eee Kings and queens respect you; you might
even be one of them!

ee0eeeeeee Youhave the full attention of an emperor
or the Pope.

eevee eeeee You are an emperor or the Pope!

Library (Increased)

While books remain a rarity in this world, the combi-
nation of wealth, access, printing presses and increased

literacy allows some few people to assemble archives of QiGta

grand scope. Such libraries take up a lot of room, and require
constant maintenance — moths, rats and rot take a high
toll on written works these days! Several characters who
wish to assemble a Library of grand proportions can com-
bine this Background Trait.

eceeeee § A large archive, like that of a university

or rich palace.

eeeeeee An extensive college library, or a vast

personal one.

eeeee eee A trulyimpressive collection of lore both
earthly and Otherworldly.

eeeee sees One of the greatest assemblies of wisdom
known to man.

eeeve veeee A legendary archive, like Doissestep or
the Vatican.

Patron

In a world of mentors and apprentices, many people
depend on sponsors. Any artist or artisan understands the
necessity of patronage — of a person who supports his work
with ready cash, prestige and attention. With the proper
connections, you can meet important people, make a de-
cent living, and achieve greater masterworks and fame.

In the Renaissance, this relationship is quite two-
sided; a rich yet uncouth nobleman can make himself seem
far more respectable if he sponsors a great artist, and he can
usually get expensive "favors" (say, a new fresco for the
villa) for a pittance! And so, many people in and around
courts seek a patron who will appreciate their work enough
to pay for it.

In game terms, a Patron is a powerful Storyteller
character who decides, for reasons of his own, to sponsor a
lesser character. This sponsorship could be social ("I'll
introduce ‘you — just smile and nod..."); political ("Yes, Ican
get you an audience with the King."); financial ("What do you
need?"); even magickal ("I have found a tutor for you among

the Jerbiton Order."). Unlike a Mentor, this character does


oh

ITEM, THIRD: ————
HEARTS AND
BLADES

not actually teach his beneficiary, and often prefers to keep
aslight distance between them. Still, he will want payment
for his largesse — often loyalty, artwork, services and
bragging rights at the very least. Abuse his generosity,
however, and things could grow quite difficult for you....

° A mysterious occasional benefactor.
ee A fond but distant sponsor.
eee An influential courtier or banker who

often supplies whatever it is you need.

eece A powerful person who smoothes many
roads for you.
eccce A wealthy patron dedicated (at least for
the moment) to your well-being.
Resources (Increased)
As the Rebirth blooms and trade blossoms, some lucky
few accumulate vast wealth — wealth enough to buy

castles, ships and even (it issaid) Pontiffs. Granted, very few
players' characters should ever come into this kind of
fortune, but they might well cross paths (or swords) with a
merchant-prince or Grand Financier with a Midas touch
and a grasping heart.
e@eeeee Prosperous noble; you have fine lands,
many vassals, and a grand keep or manor
to call home.
eeeee ee Rich tradesmaster; your wealth and lands
are the envy of many a courtier.
e@eeee eee High lord or lady; a prosperous realm
keeps you in splendid finery. You can
afford most of what the world has to offer.
eeeeeeeee Merchant-prince; you own several ships,
villas, people, and perhaps a palace or
two.
eeeeeeeeee Wealthy Sovereign or grand banker; you
could spend money on an epic scale and
never deplete your treasury.

Retinue

In this age, a leader of men is often master of them, too.
Thus, any gentleman or lady worth talking to has a bevy of
attendants — dogsbodies, ladies-in-waiting, grooms, mes-
sengers, etc. — who meet that personage's mundane needs.
Although the members of this Retinue are not really war-
tiors (loyal fighters constitute the Allies Background),
they're very useful folk to have around.

In story terms, these characters nurse children, receive
messages, balance accounts, clean manors, attend to guests,
and otherwise leave their master or mistress free for more
important chores. In game terms, they constitute a small
group of loyal servants who have useful (if minor) skills like
Crafts, Riding, Seneschal and so forth, usually at one to
three dots. Although characters in their own right (with all

a

that this entails; see the Allies and Mentor Backgrounds),
these servants attend you at home, in court, or on the road
(should you choose to take them "on progress"). When
shelters need to be built, meals prepared, and so on, the
servants, not the master, usually do the work.

Retinues, of course, do not come cheaply; the servants
must be fed, clothed, cared for, and housed. In game terms,
a character cannot have a Retinue rating higher than her
Resources Trait, nor can she have the Background at all if
she has Resources 1, 2 or 3. If the character is open about her
magickal talents or superior science, then members of the
Retinue do not count as "witnesses" when she employs vain
Arts. Servants tend to talk, however, and one might let
something slip if he knows he's working for a witch....

For the most part, a Retinue is made up of characters
who have some notable but not exceptional skills. In short,
they cannot have Abilities Traits that exceed 3, or At-
tributes that exceed 4, or more than three Traits of 3 or

"specialists," on the other hand, can be bought for a higher
Background cost. These characters can be the equal of a
starting player's character, although they cannot have any
form of mystic power (magick, Disciplines, Hedge Magic,
etc.) Really exceptional retainers, like Walsingham in the
film Elizabeth or Lady de Winter in The Three Musketeers,
count as Allies, not as parts of a Retinue. They must be
"purchased" separately, and do not constitute part of this
loyal body of servants.

Oh, and yes, these characters are usually loyal. They
might be hirelings, devotees, church members, relatives,
lovers, subjects, ancestral servants, or whatever seems most
appropriate, but they'll usually have your best interests at
heart. Although these people might be tempted or forced to
betray their master, they generally tend to be honest folk, so
long as they're well-treated and appreciated. They're rarely
fanatics, however — if the shit starts flying, they'll be the
first ones out the door... ordead. And that's something that
you, as their master, should take seriously. If these servants
meet horrible deaths, the Background rating falls accord-
ingly. Unless you're truly rich (and even if you are), it's
pretty hard to hire good help if your servants tend to croak!

Note: Players familiar with Mage: The Ascension may
notice that this Background roughly corresponds to the
Background: Backup described in the Guide to the Tech-
nocracy. However, due to the difference between the
feudal mindset (under which people exist to serve their
betters) and the modern one, the number of available
retainers in this setting is correspondingly larger.

° Four basic retainers, or one specialist.
ee Eight basic retainers, or two specialists.
eee 12 basic retainers, or three specialists.
ecco 16 basic retainers, or four specialists.

ee


= THE 2 J,
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK :
eevee 20 basic retainers, or five specialists. Brig antine Armor

30 basic retainers, or six specialists.
eeceeeee 40 basic retainers, or seven specialists.
eeeee eee 5() basic retainers, or eight specialists.
eeeeeeeee 6() basic retainers, or nine specialists.
eevee eesee 70 basic retainers, or 10 specialists.

Minor Devices and
Helpful Cools

In the tangled world of espionage, a courtier needs all
manner of tricks to accomplish her mission. Below, we offer
a banquet of odd devices and helpful ruses that any swash-
buckler can employ.

Generally, these tools fall into the category that The
Artisans Handbook defines as "Unusual Devices": they're
unusual by the standards of the age, but not so advanced
that it would take a magus or Enlightened craftsman to
make one. Such devices are rather expensive, though, and
a character would need three dots or more in an appropriate
Trait (usually Crafts, although Invention helps as well)
before she could create one. Hence, these "tricks of the
trade" are often hard to obtain unless you've got a wealthy
patron, a few dots in Resources, or an arcane association
behind you.

Swashbuckling magi and Daedaleans can use these
tools and tricks as foci for magickal workings, too. A spring-
sheath, forexample, can let aCraftmason shoota last-minute
Forces attack (a dagger) out of his sleeve. In time, such
tricks will be known as "coincidental magick" (as in "Wow!
What a coincidence I was wearing my dagger-sheath in my
sleeve!"). These days, it's well-known that courtiers have
such things at their disposal, so it's perfectly reasonable to
assume that a swashbuckler's trick, not "magick," is behind
the sudden appearance of a dagger or draught of poison. Just
the same, acourtier had better actually have such an item on
her person if she doesn't want to look like some kind of
witch....

Breakaway Skirts

Female fashion is often very impressive and stylish, but
complicated garb can get in the way when matters be-
come... less than subtle. Some female Floreati thus make a
point of acquiring specially-made skirts and farthingales
that can be discarded with a swift gesture.

In game terms, a tailor or dressmaker must make such
garments with a rating of at least 3 in the appropriate Craft.
Discarding the skirts neatly requires a Dexterity roll (diffi-
culty 7), and probably leaves the wearer scandalously
underdressed by most contemporary standards — although
if the move is executed with panache, it may win her a
round of applause.

Faced with the perpetual danger of unexpected daggers
and knives, wealthy and powerful folk purchase armor that
provides a useful level of protection with some degree of
comfort and discretion. This "brigantine" armor is simply
cloth or lightweight leather with metal plates or rings
attached, or occasionally sewn inside the garment for
concealment's sake.

A decent brigantine shirt, combined with otherwise
ordinary clothes (including leather boots and so on), ap-
pears to be a slightly bulky suit of rich but unremarkable
clothes. In game terms, such protection is essentially Light
Armor (protection 2, penalty 0). Slightly lighter versions
(protection 1) provide amore discreet, but still worthwhile,
level of protection in civilian life. Enlightened courtiers
sometimes have special suits tailored with Matter Arts;
these suits can be quite strong (protection 4 or 5), but no
heavier than a thick set of clothing.

Climbing Gear

Getting in and out of high places requires the Athletics
or Climbing Traits; doing so safely often demands artificial
aids. Ropes and grapnels are commonplace enough, though
players should note that hemp ropes aren't as quite tough as
modern synthetic fibers; the risk of having a rope break
should always feel quite real. A grapnel can be thrown over
a wall with a successful Dexterity + Athletics roll, with the
difficulty depending on the circumstances of the throw and
the height of the wall. Grapnels can be fired from cross-
bows, too, but either the grapnel or the bow should be
specially made or adapted for the purpose — ideally both. o
(Here's where Crafts [weaponsmith], Invention, oranearby
Artificer can come in handy....)

Although ninja-like cat's claws are not really period for
Renaissance Europe, an artisan or Ksirafai can come up
with all kinds of interesting innovations that look remark-
ably like such devices. In game terms, a set of climbing claws
grants a character an effective Climbing Skill of 2, or adds
two to her Climbing Dice Pool. Even so, she'll still have to
use the damned things, and castle walls are pretty steep...

Codes and Ciphers

If you have something you don't want other people to
read, it's a good idea to make it illegible to all but a chosen
few. A common element of intrigue, the code is an idea
rather than an object, though some physical devices —
such as "code wheels" — may be used to write or decipher
code.

Although coding techniques go back to the ancient
world, those used by mundane Renaissance spies and diplo-
mats are very simple by later standards. Most codes involve
basic letter-substitution systems, which can be defeated by


ITEM, THIRD:
HEARTS AND
: BLADES

most common letters in a message are likely to correspond
to the most common letters in the language.

(Frequency analysis was developed by Muslim scholars
centuries ago; by the Renaissance, it's well known in
Europe. In 1470, Leon Battista Alberti, a brilliant artist,
architect, and all-round Renaissance Man, and possible
High Artisan, suggests more complex codes that can defeat
frequency analysis. Soon afterward, his ideas will be devel-
oped by others, including Johannes Trithemius, a
scholar-abbot whose many interests include reconciling
magic with theology; Giambattista della Porta, a philoso-
pher whose scientific studies would seem quite Daedalean
if it were not for his obsession with, again, magic; and
eventually Blaise de Vigenére, whose 1586 book on the
subject will become the basis for much cryptography through
to Victorian times.)

Other, more esoteric encryption methods involve al-
chemical, religious or artistic symbolism, verses from
Scripture (including arcane apocrypha and "heretical" scrip-
tures like the Koran and Torah), and secret languages
developed especially for code. Even then, though, the code
depends on some obscure bit of information. Ifaclever third
party had that same information, he could unravel the code
with relatively little trouble.

In game terms, a character with the right Knowledge
Traits (often Enigmas, Metaphysics, Occult, Science [math-
ematics], Secret Code Language, Symbolism, or Theology)
can puzzle out a code with an Intelligence + (appropriate
Knowledge) roll. In most cases, this will demand an ex-
tended roll and a fairly high difficulty, but nobody said
espionage was easy.

Messages between the Awakened are often far better
protected. Aside from the various secret languages used by
different factions, spirits messengers, and Mind-based
magicks that lock messages away in an emissary's memory,
scholars like the Craftmasons, Hermetics and Artificers
hide their messages within private symbolism, arcane allu-
sions and references, and obscure systems of mathematics.

Defeating such ciphers demands hours, days or weeks of
work, successful use of both Enigmas and Symbolism, and
quite often magick. (Needless to say, the Ksirafai have a few
philosophers whose chief purpose in life is precisely this
work, although gaining their assistance, even with proper
authority and the use of the Viasilicos system, often takes a
while.) In game terms, finding some crucial key to unlock
an enemy's code can provide a gripping (if unconventional)
plot hook for a Sorcerers Crusade adventure.

Concealed Guns

An additional advantage of wheellock firearms allows
small guns to be incorporated into other objects. A lighted
match attached to a gun will always be a nuisance, but a

small, spring-loaded mechanism can be hidden away, and
also kept ready for firing for hours at a time.

Of course, wheellock guns are rarities until late in the
Sorcerers Crusade period, and making one small enough to
be hidden in a hand-held object yet powerful enough to be ~
useful is damnably hard for a gunsmith of the era. Such
devices demand Enlightened craftsmanship before the 16th
century, and they'll always be very expensive. Concealed
guns are usually unreliable, too, anda little dangerous to the
gunman, besides. Still, they can provide a handy surprise.

A gun small enough to fit into the hilt of a two-handed
sword, the boss of a buckler, or the side of a small traveling
box would have attributes around the following:

Difficulty 7 (possibly higher), Damage 3-5, Conceal-
ment C, Strength 2, Range 20.

Reloading is likely to be a lengthy matter of disassem-
bly — these are intended as one-shot last resorts, after all —
but the neatest guns can be reloaded in about four turns
(and hence have a nominal Rate of 1/5).

Forged Papers

As literacy and written contracts become more and
more important, the fine "art" of forgery comes into its own.
Forgery is an old criminal skill, but it was once limited to
government spies and wealthy aristocrats who could afford
lawsuits and written contracts. A more literate society,


POY Y THE \ ae 2
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK :
though, can produce more forgers... and a bigger market for Mini ature Crossbows

them. Forgery doesn't always involve writing, of course.
Many legal documents and government letters are vali-
dated by wax seals — marks made by a signet ring pressed
into hot beeswax. The man or woman who can counterfeit
a document or seal will have many customers indeed.

Mundane forgery involves the proper tools (good parch-
ment, a command of the language, and so on) and a
Manipulation + Larceny roll. (Subterfuge is not appropri-
ate; it helps you tell lies, not fake legal documents.) An
Awakened forger can use Matter magicks to shape a perfect
reproduction of something, Mind magicks to remember
what the original looked like, and perhaps even more
powerful Mind Effects to make someone believe that the
forgery is genuine. Spotting a faked document usually
involves a Perception + Law or Politics roll; it does help,
though, if the character who's noting the counterfeit is

familiar with what he's supposed to be receiving. The

"| average royal guard won't know a faked pardon from a
parsnip, although a sheriff who's known the duke since
boyhood would probably note the fake immediately.

Lockpicks, Locks and Keys

Although locks in the Dark Fantastic period are primi-
tive by later standards, they're improving rapidly, especially
when Artificers design them. Defeating a lock usually
demands a couple of appropriate tools, which may or may
not pass as ordinary craftsman's equipment; these lockpicks
are fairly inexpensive, although they may be hard to acquire
in a hurry. Improvised tools, such as slim daggers and scraps
of wire, may be used as well, but they're not well-suited for
» the job.

Picking a lock demands a roll based on Dexterity +
Crafts (locksmith), Invention, or Larceny. Base difficulties
range from 6 (for acheap or primitive lock) to 10 (fora High
Artisan locksmith's work). Awkward tools (like a dagger),
or bad conditions (darkness, rust, rain, etc.) may raise the
difficulty by 2 or more. Two or more successes are usually
required (storytellers might let them be accumulated over
multiple attempts, unless the lock incorporates spring-
based mechanisms to foil slow workers), and a botch usually
jams the lock for good.

Many magician-spies employ "skeleton keys" or
magickal lockpicks that allow them to pop most any lock.
In game terms, such an item might be either a Magickal
Treasure (Level 2; uses a Matter 2 or Entropy 2 Effect to
spring the lock), ora focus for similar magick. In either case,
the spy's player rolls his Arete (or the Treasure's "Arete," if
he's using one) against the difficulty of the lock. Yes, this
means an Artificer's lock is still hard to pick with a magickal

key. That's life.

The basic form of the crossbow can be applied to
anything from a siege engine down to the one-handed
devices favored by some Craftmasons — and even smaller.
However, anything that's too small has the obvious draw-
back of not doing very much damage. On the other hand,
spies and assassins have uses even for miniature weapons —
such as delivering messages, drugs and poisons.

In game terms, a palm-sized crossbow is perfectly mun-
dane (non-magickal), and has the following attribtites:
Difficulty 7, Damage 1, Rate 1/2, Strength 1, Range 10
The weapon can be concealed under virtually any
clothes, or in a large pouch.

Poison Rings

Another old trick that still serves is the ring (or occasion-
ally other item of jewelry) that incorporates a small
compartment containing a single dose of some dubious prepa-
ration. Such "Borgia signets" are technically illegal in most
courts, but they're popular nonetheless. Skilled (and discreet)
jewelers make poison rings for wealthy patrons of all persua-
sions. Typically, a large stone or engraved design hides a
hollow chamber inside the bauble. Given a chance, the wearer
can pop the ring open, dump its contents, and close the thing
up again before anyone notices the trick. (See "Poisoning" on
the Dramatic Systems Chart, p. 191 in the rulebook.)

An Enlightened variation on the poison ring includes
a tiny needle treated with venom. The wearer triggers the
barb, then "accidentally" brushes her target with the point.


Naturally, an Awakened assassin doesn't have to rely on
rings or jewelry to smuggle poison into court. Any kind of
tempting foodstuff will do nicely (apples, anyone...?).

Spring-Sheaths

If discretion is the better part of valor, speed is often the
better part of discretion. For those nasty moments when a
single breath can mean the difference between a live
courtier and crow's meat, some spies carry spring-loaded
sheaths loaded with blades, quarrels and other helpful tools.

Spring-sheaths are rather gimmicky, rare and expensive.
In game terms, the sheath is more or less a plot device —a cool
gimmick that lets a spy keep one or two extra tricks hidden
away. This, in turn, might grant him a surprise move in

cally, a character can keep two spring-sheaths "loaded" until
use. Obvious "ammunition" includes crossbow bolts (see above),
juggling balls, lockpicks, poison vials, and daggers or punch-
blades (treat as a dagger doing Strength + 2).

In most cases, a spring-sheath is easy to use: Pop the trigger,
and your weapon'sin hand. A bad fall ortricky situation (like trying
to fire a quarrel at a nearby magus) might demand a Dexterity +
Melee or Archery. If the roll fails, the weapon might miss its target
— or the spring might go off by accident and hit its target! A
botched roll indicates a jammed spring, or a weapon that fires off
at precisely the wrong moment. How embarrassing. ...

Crick jugs

Jugs, bottles and pitchers may be constructed with internal
valves and divisions that allow a person to pour two or more
different fluids from the same spout. Some containers have hidden
catches that shift a valve; others pour first one liquid, then, after a
pause, a second; still others switch if held in particular ways, or if
poured fast or slow. Muslim craftsmen have been working on such
designs for centuries, and have perfected a number of subtle,
efficient tricks. Even in a well-designed container, though, a bit of
mixing is inevitable; if one liquid is poisoned and the other is not,
it's unwise to make the poison too potent. ...

Poisons and Drugs

Poisons (and less lethal concoctions) may be despised,
but they're undeniably convenient at times when words or
steel cannot serve. This is a field where mundane knowl-
edge blends into sorcery. Even when the toxic ingredients
themselves are not expensive, the skills to use them com-
mand a high price — understandably so, given the dreadful
punishments meted out to suspected poisoners!

Plot and system details about this sadly common form
of Renaissance "negotiation" are described in the rulebook,
The Sorcerers Crusade Companion, and elsewhere in this
supplement.

-\- —~ KE ITEM, THIRD: "3 = Le,
HEARTS AND
g BLADES Val
—
Although such rings deliver miniscule amounts of poison,
that tiny dose can be enough for certain magician-spies. if

combat, or a fallback measure in desperate situations. Typi- +

or tranquility)
arely made by Awak- ©
r spells and talismans

=. =a

i
? In anera
to banish sick-
gemstones, powdered
ncense of coal, and sometimes bird-like
th medicinal herbs. ©

tions Against Magic: Rowan wood, coraly _
supposedly drive grey ill-willed magic

ih circulation. Even is ae fae age,
be looking for that quick fix (can you say

however, do appear ‘to work, especially
lixits which incorporate vervain, marjoram,
*n or clothing from the would-be lover.
(Charms: Like love, luck is something for
all too willing to pay. Most charms offer _
wacve benefit — protection from ‘some

t of Storyteller fiat can accomplish.
luck charms include golden trinkets,

to various saints, dice carved from a


Ws pies Rf) THE >\\\_ eat =

SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK -

Calismans and Machinae

Some gadgets are too bizarre or advanced for any
Renaissance mortal to build or use. This does not, of course,
keep an Enlightened courtier from toting a few Machinae
around with her, provided the Devices are subtle, tasteful
and portable enough for court.

Most Guildsmen and Ksirafai prefer to work with warm
bodies rather than cold iron. Therefore, many swashbuck-
ling Daedaleans purchase or commission their toys from
Artificers, Cosians or Craftmasons. (If you have the money,
why not use it well?) Almost any one of the Devices
described in The Artisans Handbook or the Sorcerers
Crusade Appendix could show up in the hands of a courtier
or Guildsman. Some, of course, are rather crass or cumber-
some to carry around polite society, but even the heaviest
gun or weirdest vehicle may have its place in a scheme of
trade or espionage — and subtler creations such as Vap'rous
= Candles of Lethe or the Serpent Blade certainly fit in.
However, there are other Devices that are highly appropri-
ate in a court, and have been crafted for that arena....

ee Siren's Scent

Arete n/a, Quintessence 10, Cost 4

When this special concoction is applied to bare skin,
an intoxicating blend of herbs mingles with a person's
natural musks — to devastating effect. Despite its "generic
name," this potion, salve, powder or perfume has literally
hundreds of variants, from the cool musks used by English
Guildsmen to the heady recipes favored by some Sahajiya.

[The Siren's Scent adds four dice to the character's
\ Social Dice Pools. Once the mood sets in, both parties
"follow their instincts" unless a Willpower roll (difficulty 7)
breaks the spell. This sort of thing can get out of hand, of
course — desire can explode into animal sex... or rape,
while anger can inspire a brawl and intimidation results in
hose-crapping terror.

[Each "Quintessence point" represents a single appli-
cation of the Scent. Once they've all been used, the courtier
must obtain a fresh batch of the stuff.]

°° Sword-Breaker

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Cost 4

A fine broad-bladed saber or dagger of Daedalean
craftsmanship, this weapon appears to a normal (if excep-
tional beautiful) blade. In the hands of a normal fencer, it
strikes true enough and seems almost alive in its "owner's"
hand. A Guildsman, however, knows the weapon's secret
properties. With a touch, he can spring a hidden mecha-
nism; three short, strong blades pop out of the edges of the
sword, forming a trident-shape that radiates from the hilt
outward. These additional edges not only cause greater
wounds, they allow the fencer to capture and snap his
opponent's sword. Simple, yet startlingly effective.

[The Sword-breaker is actually a refinement of a real-
life (if often unreliable) weapon. Using it, a Guildsman can
snag his rivals' blade with a successful Disarm maneuver. If
the fencer rolls more than three successes, any non-magickal
sword will snap off in the Sword-breaker's "trident." An
enchanted sword, or one of Daedalean manufacture, re-
quires a Quintessence point and at least four successes on
the roll.

{In all other respects, the Sword-breaker is a rapier of
especially fine craftsmanship. Until the hidden blades snap
out, the weapon seems utterly mundane, unless it's exam-
ined with Prime sensory magick.]

eee The Thief's Claw

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 6

Oddly enough, this small but complex Device, made of
wood, various alloys and several lodestones, looks nothing
like a claw; the name refers to its function. This slender
pick-and-mirror mechanism folds out into a dizzying array
of probes, pins and keys. Using the principles of Connec-
tion, Entropy and Forces, an Enlightened spy can probe and
manipulate the interior of mechanisms — often, but not
always, locks and clockworks.

Essentially, this Device allows a character without the
proper skills to inspect and spring small contraptions. It's
neither big nor sturdy enough to sabotage a vehicle or war
machine, but it can open almost any lock, and repair or
damage a complex mechanism. The would-be thief sits


ITEM, THIRD: i
HEARTS AND
: BLADES

down, opens the Device, and picks through the gears until
something gives. Once finished, she can fold the Claw back
into itself, and proceed....

[Simply probing a mechanism costs no Quintessence,
only time. Some tricky mechanisms may require a roll based
on Intelligence + Invention or some appropriate Craft. (Of
course, a competent locksmith will have no difficulty com-
prehending astandard type of lock.) Actually manipulating
the mechanism (say, opening a lock) uses a point of Quin-
tessence (which takes the form of attuned resonances in the
lodestones), and may require an Intelligence + appropriate
skill roll if the mechanism is especially complex.

[The strength of these Effects is limited to about finger-
pressure, so the Claw cannot usually cause much damage
(intentional or otherwise). The Device does not work on
beings living, undead or otherwise.]

eee The Masquer's Grand Disguise

Arete , Quintessence N/A, Cost

A sophisticated court sees numerous masked balls;
some Floreati find ways to exploit this pageantry. With a
clever, finely-crafted mask, the Daedalean strides into the
crowd, impressive but effectively concealed. The true na-
ture of the mask involves minor but subtly potent alchemical
treatments. With but a simple change of mood or a mental
shrug, the Floreatus can literally change the color and
design of her mask. Although the shape of the mask cannot
change, its hues and patterns slip between over a dozen
different variations. Of course, our courtesse waits until she's
out of sight before she alters her disguise. Once she does,
however, she can appear to be someone else entirely. Some
spies have whole costumes made this way. Although such
garments are ruinously expensive, they can make a single
person look like a dozen in a single night.

The Grand Disguise has other purposes, though. If the
Floreatus wills it so, the colors of the mask (and possibly the
whole costume) can shift subtly yet precisely. A skillful
seductress can enhance her charms (magickal or otherwise)
simply by manipulating the color of the mask; rich tones
may inspire lust, cold ones can intimidate, warm ones can
make the spy seem trustworthy, and so on. Alchemical
properties within the mask can respond to powerful Quin-
tessence energies, too. Thus, our courtier might be able to

—

"smell" powerful magicks, enchanted poisons, and even a
blazingly potent Daemon nearby.

[In system terms, the Grand Disguise adds six dice to
Dice Pools that involve Disguise, Intimidation, Seduction
and Subterfuge, so long as the Floreatus is within sight of
the people she's trying to affect, andhastimeto"changeher |
colors." The mask also grants her an effective Prime 1
sensory Effect that picks up strong concentrations of Quin-
tessence (Daemon or Quintessence ratings of 5 or more.)

[Naturally, other factions use similar magickal dis-
guises, some of which can utterly transform their shape and
appearance in a matter of moments. Such strange costumes
are obviously vain, of course, if the wearer makes a mistake
and radically changes colors in front of mortal witnesses.
Otherwise, the Grand Disguise remains cool and casual.

[And no, glass slippers don't usually come with the
outfit.]



L ITEM, FOURTH:
HONEYED WORDS
D BITTER POISON

Ss

a

pressure.

rT] he bodies of three soldiers lay in their own
| blood before the double doors of the throne
room. Maria paused by the men, placing a
finger on each man's throat to see if the
Fe artery there still pulsed. Nothing. The third
Zs aa43} man's artery had been served outright, and

fd serio

==" the quantity of blood spilled down his heavy leather armor
4 % showed that any test would be futile, even for charitable cer-
At tainty.

+ 4 Then, Maria stood up, straightening her back and her skirt,

AM and pushed against the right-hand door. It swung open easily.
! Gareth sat on the steps to the throne, his sword resting
across his knees, a look of weariness on his face. Another body
ire. =— clad in the garment of a rich gentleman — lay face-down at
his feet. Gareth's left shoulder had suffered a gash (from the edge
ya. % of a sword or axe, Maria judged), and the blood there was
s already drying black. It looked to be a painful wound — hardly
" surprising, from a blow that had slashed through brigantine
armor — but not, Maria estimated, disabling.
He looked up, unsuccessfully attempting a smile. "It is
finished," he said.
"Finished?!?" Maria spat the word back. "The plague is
laying waste a dozen villages, three of my own coven are sick
unto death of some manner of hell-brewed poison...."

Suit the action to the word, the word to the action; with this
special observance, that you o' erstep not the modesty of nature:
for anything so overdone is from the purpose of playing, whose
end, both at the first and now, was and is, to hold, as ‘twere, the i
mirror up to nature; to show Virtue her own feature, Scorn her (
own image, and the very age and body of the time his form and

— William Shakespeare, Hamlet {

)

i |g

N

A
‘
"It is finished" Gareth repeated. "The rot started at the | iI
head, and we have... dealt with that. What is left is a matter of y]
healing and cleansing." !

Maria sagged, relief and exhaustion suddenly flooding her
soul. "If healing is possible," she muttered sourly.

"It is possible. I believe my old master can even suggest how
your sister-witches might be cured."

"And would he aid us?"

"I doubt that you will give him much choice in the matter."
Gareth rose, and, with one foot, turned the body at his feet onto
its back. The chancellor's gray eyes stared upward, unseeing.
There were no wounds visible on his body, and Maria thought
that he might still be breathing.

"Your old master," she echoed.

Gareth grimaced. "He too needs healing. He danced a little
too close to the Pit — in a good cause, I hope you will agree. I
am sure that his present state is a matter of his own will, not of SS
poison. With aid and kindness, he may return." Gareth smiled
suddenly, a soldier's smile. "And you will grant him that
kindness, I think, because he can indeed aid you. A fine jest, is
it not?"

Maria chose to ignore the question. "And you, too, will aid
us?" she asked.

G


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK ;

"I? No, I think not. I am a soldier, and my service in this
land is done. Best I leave before I grow bored of peace." He
gestured absently with the sword in his right hand; then, as
Maria's gaze was momentarily distracted, his left threw some-
thing at the nearest candle.

Black, impenetrable smoke exploded out to fill the room. A
moment later, Maria heard the door behind her open, then heard
Gareth's parting comment as it closed.

"Fare thee well, kindly witch — until the next war."

The smoke cleared, leaving Maria alone with the uncon-
scious body. She stepped forward to examine it...

Elsewhere, in another court, another land, Lord Gaspar
looked into his client's eyes and asked, "And so, Your Grace,
what is it that require of me this trip? I assume my last recipe was
to your satisfaction?"

"That is was, old friend," the Bishop replied. On the table
between them lay a black silk purse, fattened by coins. "That it
was... Do you have similar wares for me once again?"

») Lord Gaspar nodded with the grace of a true-born courtier.

"T have, Your Grace. I have...."

Weaving the Plot

Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable
possibilities.

— Aristotle, The Poetics

A court is not a dungeon. (Although it can lead you to
one — the hard way.) It's nota tavern or acountry road, and
the rules are somewhat... different. You can't just haul out
a broadsword when Duke Lorenzo ticks you off — unless he
challenges you to a formal duel, in which case he probably
has the advantage anyway. Thus, the setting differs a bit
from conventional roleplaying scenarios. By trading the
battlefields for the throne room, a Storyteller shifts the tone
and content of her chronicle. And before one begins a
dance, it's always a good idea to learn a few of the proper
steps.

To begin with, courtly and swashbuckling stories need
styles and themes. The style defines the "flavor" of the game,
and hence the kind of characters — player and Storyteller-
run alike — that fit in easily. The theme, meanwhile,

bs shapes the storyline, giving the Storyteller some idea where
things should be heading, and which plot elements to
introduce next.

Note that the players can, and should, have plenty of
influence over the game, but everyone must agree on
certain basic guidelines. If the players and Storyteller have
radically different ideas about the chronicle's style — if, for
example, they want a tongue-in-cheek anachronism like
the Disney version of The Three Musketeers while the
Storyteller prefers Dumas' grim original — there will be a
few problems. Likewise, if people have different ideas about

the theme — if the players run around blowing things up
while the Storyteller struggles to re-enact Hamlet —the
whole thing can quickly break down. These basic concerns
should be settled during the design stages of the chronicle.
Gamers who know each other fairly well may have unspo-
ken agreements about how they like to play, but even a
long-running group can discover an unexpected clash of
expectations at an odd moment.

(When several players have different ideas about how
a game should develop, the disharmony can be painful. If
one character, say, comes across tragically while another
clowns around, both players tend to become annoyed. The
Storyteller should respond to such problems immediately.)

Incidentally, achronicle consisting of several consecu-

tive stories may involve rather different themes foreach— @ <4

this week, for instance, a tragedy, next week a comedy.
Several interwoven plots with contrasting themes are pos-
sible, of course (see "High Plot/Low Plot" in the rulebook,
p- 178), but be careful; too many abrupt contrasts might jar
the mood in mid-scene. However, the chronicle's overall
style should remain fairly consistent from story to story
(after all, the same characters must fit into each tale),
though some slow evolution is always possible.

The obvious style, the swashbuckling high adventure
tale, focuses on flashing blades, witty heroes and astonish-
ingly creative violence. Unlike the grim mood of "realistic"
drama, the adventure maintains a lighter tone; people may
be hurt, even killed, but things work out for the best in the
end. (Contrast Captain Blood with, say, A Man for All
Seasons.) Epitomized by Alexandre Dumas' The Three Mus-
keteers (and its many sequels and adaptations), the adventure
story blends elements of many of the styles below — a bit of
comedy, a tragic sting, courtly pageantry, and flashes of
romance. The result is the archetypal swashbuckling tale.

But lest we mistake this mode for the be-all-end-all of
the genre, let's examine a few alternatives from another
master story-teller, the Bard of Avon, and broaden the
scope of our tales past the "witty swordplay" model. After
all, richer inspiration makes for a richer game.

Che Dramatic Style: Strong
Plots, Strong Passions

All good stories involve some form of drama. In some
cases, powerful conflicts provide the core of the tale. Ide-
ally, a "dramatic" story isa bit larger than life. The characters
are very talented (or humorously incompetent), and feel
grand emotions. Events are earth-shattering, or at the very
least important. Complications come thick and fast, and
often occur at just the right moment to shift in plot in
unexpected directions. Allies arrive in time to save the day
— or enemies appear just as the heroes think they've won.
Messages arrive in time to boost morale... or a moment too


ee ITEM, FOURTH: = re
HONEYED WORDS
x D BITTER POISON
i late to stave off a tragedy. New inventions arecreated when _ but that cannot rest. The resulting tales — Hamlet, Othello, y),
they're needed most — by one side or the other. Andsoon, The Tempest, KingLear—become legends... legends founded

and so forth... drama never stands still.

All this runs the very real risk of slipping into cheap
melodrama, which is, perhaps, the most common single
error in roleplaying games. Your players deserve some
excitement, but if the whole thing degenerates into camp,
with the villain sailing away shouting, "Soon I shall return!
And more powerful than before!" (from the climax of Disney's
Three Musketeers), then the game becomes a joke. Even
comedy games should be handled with some restraint; if
players and characters are being hit over the head with
jokes every minute or so, they'll never get a chance to draw
breath and laugh.

Court settings are good for high-drama play because a
lot of the richness is already there. The fate of nations may
be involved, the protagonists are often powerful, deter-
mined, and well trained for their roles, the costumes and
scenery are rich and colorful — all it takes is the right
starting impulse, and the drama is underway....

Hamlet: The Drama of Courtly
Revenge

A common subject for late Renaissance drama (so
common that it's still often associated with this whole
period) is revenge. The reason for this is hardly a mystery;
upper-class morality is still saturated with chivalrous obses-
sions with honor; when that is attacked, the code demands
that the victim seek personal restitution. Naturally, this pits
the formerly-victimized-now-terrorizing character against
greater forces: king, country, family, even life itself. Com-
passion, decency, self-preservation all go out the window.
Vengeance becomes all that matters.

Whatever the circumstances, revenge provides a pow-
erful, almost simplistic motivation for action. Everyone
knows how much an insult burns, so when that insult is
magnified by scope or severity — when a whole court
sneers, or a loved one is slain — we can all relate to the
character who will cross just about any line to redress the
injury. The impulse behind revenge is never entirely ratio-
nal, either, which makes it frightening. Once set in motion,
a vengeful character may very well destroy everything he
loves in the process.

Shakespeare plays numerous variations on this theme:
Hamlet is compelled to exact a fully justified revenge, even
though he has doubts about the whole idea. Othello is a
noble but impetuous figure, manipulated into violence by a
smooth-talking villain. The vengeful magus Prospero sim-
ply wants to avenge himself upon a few treacherous courtiers,
while a dyed-in-the-wool fiend like Edmund seems driven
to take revenge against the entire world. At heart, these
different characters are all "chariots of wrath/by demons
driven" —demons that were inflicted upon them by others,

upon hearts turned to stone.

In a game context, it's ridiculously easy to piss a
character off. The trick lies in making an insult or injury so
memorable that the character wants to move Heaven and
Hell to redress the wrong. The "character" in question
doesn't have to belong to a player, of course, nor does he
have to be powerful. Indeed, a vengeful stablehand or
widower can set in motiona plan that would shame a magus.
In the fragile world of politics, a single competent courtier
with a grudge can throw an entire nation into chaos. The
passions behind revenge can be useful tools for devious
manipulators, too; the avenger may be acting on false
evidence, carefully concocted to bring about the destruc-
tion of an innocent victim. The harm he causes will not be
any less devastating. (Again, see Othello.)

Revenge can motivate a multitude of plots. A player's
character may be seeking satisfaction for its own sake (like

(like Miranda); he might even be totally innocent, simply y—/ :
burned in the same conflagration (like Ophelia). Chances #7 )
are, he'll soon have motivations for revenge himself... thus :
beginning another tale.

Romeo and juliet: The Romance of
Personal Cragedy

Renaissance-era storytelling is never afraid of the power
of tragedy; the survivors may learn lessons from the plot, but
happy endings are rare. Motives such as love, revenge,
jealousy or ambition can lead even noble heroes to disaster.
When the hammer falls, the ending probably won't be
pretty — but it will be exciting.

Romantic tragedy, by definition, ends badly. All the
same, the tale must leave something good behind. An ending
in which everyone dies and no one is redeemed is no fun at
all. Even if the lovers die (as they often do), those left
behind should gain something from their sacrifice. If noth-
ing else, the characters in love should burn so brightly that
they shame the stars themselves. The lovers' passions lead
to ruin, but leave everyone around them (hopefully, both
players andcharacters) wishing that, for just a moment, they
could feel something so intense, something so worth dying
for.

Naturally, a romantic tragedy needs romance — needs
passion so voracious that, as with revenge, the characters
will do anything to be together. And of course, there's some
huge obstacle — duty, family, marriage, a curse — that
should keep the lovers apart, but can't. In a game context,
this sort of thing can be tricky; if a player is involved in this
fatal dance, make sure that she (or he) is a willing partner
to what may prove to be the character's last fling. As the


THE y : (&
SWASHBUCKLER'S

- HANDBOOK —

Storyteller, you can inspire a player to love another charac-
ter, but youcannot compel her to do so. If the lovers are both
players' characters, make sure the two players agree to the
romance; if one of them isa Storyteller character, make him
(or her) so attractive that the player wants to follow him to
Hell... and beyond. (Note that "attraction" entails more
than a high Appearance Trait and a few good die rolls. The
character should be charming, usually in a dangerous way,
if the romance is to work at all.)

In a chronicle, tragedy can strike either the players'
characters, or the characters around them. In the latter
case, players' characters (especially swashbuckling adven-
turer types) are likely to find themselves spectators in
someone else's affairs. Perhaps, like Juliet's nurse, a player's
magus might be able to soften the road to true love; then
again, like Friar Lawrence, she might just make things
worse. She could be one lover's friend (like Mercutio), or

< ten wind up on opposing sides of the affair. Either way,

ty the Player(s) should not be able to prevent the doomed

evil "i her flaws, the player's character might actually be
the agent of her failure and punishment.

A first-hand romance story can be hard to storytell
well; a second-hand affair can provide an interesting plot-
hook, but there's some risk of making the players feel
ineffectual. Either way, the Storyteller should be careful
with a tragic romance plot. Most players dislike it when
their characters are being "picked on"; others might not
appreciate the consequences of defeat, and very few like
being "led around by the nose" just to suit the plot. Building
a tragedy that's deliberately designed to kill a player's
character is dangerous — the player must be prepared to
accept the end of that character and that phase of the
campaign. There are, however, other kinds of ruin: a good-
hearted prince or honorable lady can be socially disgraced
and emotionally devastated by a romance gone wrong. (See
the example of Lancelot and Guinevere, or the climax of
Dangerous Liaisons.) A magus might be forbidden to love,
but fall in love just the same (like the Lady of Shallot).
When you figure magick into the equation, a doomed love
affair can lead to loss of power (like "Beauty and the Beast");
a curse (like "Tam Lin"); or even the doorway to a new and
exciting adventure (like the legend of Thomas the Rhymer).
Whatever path you choose, play fair, and give the player(s)
a chance to learn from the fall — and even, in a way, to
enjoy it. No fire burns hotter than the flames in the heart
of love.

(Note: The Wraith: The Oblivion supplement Love
Beyond Death features several chapters about romantic
roleplaying, including plot hooks, circumstances, cautions
and Storyteller hints. The Sorcerers Crusade Companion
and Infernalism: The Path of Screams contain several
spirits that thrive on broken hearts, and The Fragile Path

presents a tragic love story that literally fractures the
Council of Nine. Any or all of these can be worthy resources
for a tragic romance scenario.)

King Lear: The Horror of Grand
Cragedy

If personal tragedies can at least teach survivors and
onlookers some kind of lesson, tragedy on the grand scale—
striking at the highest levels of a court, say — often leaves
utter destruction behind. The forces of justice and virtue
may win in the end, but it's a war of attrition with the forces
of chaos, and the casualties are always heavy.

A courtly tragedy — or any other tragedy, for that
matter — begins with a deadly flaw. Some character pos-
sesses a weakness that leads to ruin. In the case of a grand
tragedy, the character is great and powerful, and the ruin
encompasses dozens, or even hundreds, of lives. In Lear, a
vain king exiles his most loyal daughter and followers, then
hands his kingdom off to flatterers; by the time he realizes
his error, the court is in chaos and the kingdom is devas-
tated. It's not hard to see where a similar situation might
lead a party of courtiers, especially if they're Awakened, and
perceptive enough to realize what's happening. Naturally,
fixing the problem won't be easy — kings and the like tend
to be very touchy about their flaws, and aren't fond of those
who point such errors out to them....

A grand tragedy set at court should present adominant,
central theme for the chronicle; spread over several ses-
sions, the tale will influence nearly every event in some
way. It's unlikely that the central figure, the focus of the
tragedy, will be a player's character unless you're exception-
ally lucky and one of your players is up to the task. That
central figure will usually be one of the greatest powers in
the realm (a proud king, a formidable usurper, an influential
court magus, etc.) whose errors bring chaos — civil war,
overwhelming tyranny, demonic incursions or the like.
There may, of course, be more than one major figure
involved: unwise kings pick bad advisors; usurpers have
sidekicks, and tend to prosper under weak rulers. Add
magick to the mix, and the treacheries can grow darker still
— evil magicians, no matter what their station might be,
can use their Arts to corrupt anyone nearby. (Again, see the
villainous courtiers described in Infernalism, and the "Tech-
niques of Temptation" sidebar in the same book, pp. 43-44.)
By their nature, men and women of power attract unsavory
types, and pursue unfortunate compromises and obsessions.
When things go wrong, the forces of virtue and reason often
start weak, and suffer many defeats along the way. The story
is about their struggle to hold the line.

Of course, from the point of view of those involved,
"grand tragedies" are really stories of valor and nobility. The
heroes of the tale are trying to avert a crisis, not wallow in
it. If you're trying to maintain a somber mood, this might

NWN 12
NOW

tee!


ITEM, FOURTH:
HONEYED WORDS
= AND BITTER POISON

Deus ex Machina

sie When you're playing games of intriguea

a roleplaying game, where your characters « a:
charms a loyal advisor, the Guilds
pal best necklace. aire ih

the town square covered in sores
"with alarms. Anyone with half at
the hine) make use of the chao,

Friend: "What are you f

f ithe plague!
ng for the nearest it gate, ‘and your

eciieceigieties
Serene the heath

interrupts the fray and saves. ett Showa from

, firepower or magickal might to stop the crisis
ve ceegre indebt to their ¢ common: friend. Got

r feet and possibly blowing a hole in the

Is there anyone with power
ent the bill comes due from some poor

slantgl If your play ts ate si

unscathed. f
(Note: For thou who don't:

Coineidenice.}

present a problem, especially if your players are thinking
like typical roleplaying "adventurers"; insert a witty swords-
man or an ironic courtier into an otherwise depressing tale,
and the overwhelming sense of tragedy will soon be wrecked.
(Which might not always be a bad thing, mind you —
roleplaying is still a game, after all, and games are meant to
be fun. If the characters simply sit around moaning about
the dreadful state of affairs, the story could rapidly deterio-
rate into some godawful Anne Rice novel... or worse,
Russian literature.) The trick here is twofold: as the Story-
teller, keep the atmosphere and events gloomy but not
oppressive; and let your players know when it's time to stop
the clever quips and be serious. If they simply can't do so,
don't try running a full-on tragedy — things will just get
frustrating. Perhaps you might try a "dry run" with a small-

cream: jin as ihe blades are ready to" fall, a a
f yOu to improvise, Storyteller. Whatever it is, the reas

) is y very well lead to one of the other options. ‘

-Bo Hell was that?!? Suddenly, masonry is raining down and everyone's ears are ringing. Is thecastle ;
Did 1¢ alchemist drop the wrong flask? Is the dragon over the hills annoyed at someone nearby?-Agai Again, this"

en door for some other possibility; unlike the scream, howev:

im sin a witch had a Scourge backlash Fellal: (oa

master has come to collect his toll. Whatever the case, this "distraction" is bad enough to get the —

ther while wiping our most of the obstacles between. the magi and the nearest exit.

- Are these tactics cheesy? Well, yes, actually. But they're also time-honored ways of getting characters out of a jam
"without having to clean them off the walls in the process. What they do with the break is up to them.

With a bit of imagination, a deus ex machina can seem perfectly reasonable (if a bit fortuitous). Don't make thisa habit, —

id enough to continually dig themselves into pits, they don't deserve many chances toescape

the terms, deus ex machina is Latin for "god i in the machine," nin Sakers toa
theatrical or literary device Rgurati ve or literal] in which some divine providence saves the day by providing an amazing

scale tragedy (like adoomed romance) to see whether or not

» ithas the a a ae

your players can (or want to) explore the darker side of
power.

A grand tragedy can present some grand opportunities
for dramatic roleplaying. Even so, don't try to bludgeon
your players with the idea; rather, let them experience afew
small stings of defeat and loss when they expect an easy ride,
then see how they react. It's always possible that a few
failures will teach them they can't fence their way out of
every problem. If they enjoy the new challenge, great.
Introduce them to your own version of Lear or Macbeth and
let the blood and tears flow. If not, acknowledge that and
move on. If your people came to play heroes, that may be all
they want out of the game.

\.G


- =T a = SA nr
= TEE y Sasa Loe
sf SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK 2

Coriolanus: The Drama of Politics

Tragedies of revenge and thwarted love are, in essence,
personal. High society may provide them with an interest-
ing venue, but such stories could happen anywhere. And
while tragedy is a powerful mode, it has its limits; if every
single story ended that way, the world would soon sink into
complete chaos. Sometimes, a little variety is essential.

Stories about courts — centers of power and govern-
ment — often involve politics as well as passion. After all,
in an age of princes, tyrants and worldly popes, personalities
and politics are intimately mingled. In such tales, the court
itself becomes both a stage for the action and a character in
its own right. Through the court and the influence it
represents, personal struggles become the fate of nations.
Rivalries, romances and crusades are inflated into affairs of
state, and hundreds of lives may hinge on a single bow or
insult. Whereas a tale of personal drama revolves around a

small but determined group of people, a political one raises
S the stakes by tying the actions of characters to widespread
consequences. In a story like Coriolanus, human passions
and governmental concerns intertwine until it's difficult to
tell where one ends and the other begins. A court, after all,
transforms the men and women within it into symbols of
state. In essence, such people become the state. What they
do, it does. What it needs, they demand.

However decadent they might seem, all courtiers are
raised with a sense of office— Lord Bollingbroke is, for all
purposes, the province of Bollingbroke, and while he might
abuse the office, he still feels some responsibility to his land
and his people. (This point is well worth noting for players'
characters with the Merit: Title.) When Bollingbroke the
province needs action, Bollingbroke the man must act.
This sense of duty marks the difference between a grand
tragedy like Lear and a political drama like Coriolanus; in
one, human passions overcome the kingdom's needs, while
in the other duty to the kingdom overrides personal desires.
In a political story, the characters are driven by greater
circumstances: a town is invaded, and its prince must
respond. Those circumstances set the plot in motion, and
the various courtiers work to retain, expand, protect or
reinforce their interests. In the example above, the prince
Nh must do whatever he can to defend his town from the

invaders, or he is no prince at all! Naturally, he's got rivals,

and they have their own plans for the town. When these
interests clash, harsh words and blades often do likewise.

And in politics, as in love, any tactic is fair game.

A political story features high stakes, favors, double-
dealing and intrigue. No single person can represent astate,
of course — he'll need allies, enforcers, advisors and debtors
beside him all the way. In a game setting, the players can
take the roles of bodyguards, spies, councilors, conspirators,
loyalists, rebels, assassins, or even the leaders themselves.
Their activities serve a greater purpose, and have powerful

repercussions indeed. In such stories, the dance of court
blossoms in full flower; literal courtesy is more effective
than a naked sword, and rivalries are cloaked behind kind
words — "for the good of the state," of course! A political
scenario forces players to think; the cost of rash actions can
be measured in hundreds of lives.

... Which, of course, is one of those elements that make
political stories so damned interesting: politics matter!
Innocent people live or die because of the things courtly
characters do. As Queen Eleanor says in The Lion in Winter:
"We are the origins of war... dead bodies rot in field and
stream because the living ones are rotten." The long-range
consequences of political intrigue can lend idealistic flavor
to swordplay, or add a level of urgency to otherwise-
mundane gamesmanship. (See the film Ridicule for some
great examples.) Political scenarios can make players think
about what their characters believe in, too. Don't be afraid
to contrast idealism with the cynicism of courtiers who've
become so obsessed with power that they've lost track of
any kind of morality — or to ask which side of that line the
players' characters are currently standing on.

Add magick and the machinations of the various
Daedalean and mystickal factions, and a political tale
assumes new dimensions. Imagine the subtle games around
Rome, where literally hundreds of magi from dozens of
secret societies vie for influence over the Pope and Church.
Then add scheming vampires, Mind magick, and True
Faith to the mix. Hmmm.... Chances are, you'll want to
work with something simpler, like a rural duke's court, or a
merchant prince's empire. Even here, a few charm-spells
and a mysterious rival or two can turna straightforward task
into a nightmare — especially if the local Inquisitors
discover sorcerers in their midst....

Complex political plots are notoriously hard to run
well; by definition, they involve subtlety, deviousness, and
social and psychological manipulation. Some players may
be able to handle such elements, but others may wind up
totally lost. Fortunately, there are plenty of opportunities
for physical action, too. War, after all, is "the continuation
of politics by other means," and not all of its skirmishes
occur out in the open; look at the "affair of the Queen's
necklace" in The Three Musketeers — lives are lost, but the
"war" is hardly public news. Even so, don't fall into an
endless rut of assassinations and sword fights. A courtly
setting offers richer possibilities, even for an uncouth Pa-
gan. There's drama of all kinds to be found in courtly
debates and diplomatic missions; there's even room for
romance in the Renaissance system of political marriages
and forbidden desires. (Imagine you're a princess's body-
guard; now imagine you're in love with her. She's in love
with you, too — but she has to marry the Duke of Salisbury
in a fortnight! What to do...?)

A well-rounded political story should contain a hand-
ful of parties striving for power (usually at one another's


ITEM, FOURTH:
HONEYED WORDS
= AND BITTER POISON

throats); some backstabbing (literal and otherwise); a bit of
fancy socializing (at feasts, masques, and so forth); a few
brawls, betrayals and close escapes (to keep the blood
flowing); anda terrible price for failure. Your players should
always be aware that their actions determine the fate of the
realm, but their characters ought to be given a few chande-
liers to swing from just to keep things interesting. Whatever
you do, don't let political elements overshadow the human
ones. A crown may represent the kingdom, but it rests upon
a human brow.

Much Ado About Nothing:
Comical Drama

Comedy can be pretty hard to handle in 3
games ("dying is easy...") — though not, in fact,
as hard as people sometimes suggest. The trick
lies in not trying too hard. Wringing a couple
of cheap laughs from a chamber pot and a
tankard of ale is no great task; the comedic

and Dumber, but that wouldn't really be true to |
the setting. The Sorcerers Crusade focuses on ¥
competent, generally dignified people, and
courtly, swashbuckling games in the period
should always pay a certain degree of attention
to dignity and honor. (If only in their absence.)
In other words, excessive slapstick isn't really
appropriate. Wit, irony, sarcasm, and the up-
roar caused by misunderstandings and bad
7) timing are more fitting to the setting, and to
the period.

Renaissance comedy has a long tradi-
tion of sharp satire and mistaken impressions
— which is pretty appropriate when you
consider that this is an age of transition, of
changing rules and grand excesses. This
"high comedy" plays off elements like
disguise, pomposity, clever wordplay and
overreaction: a courtier has a screaming
fit over a minor social slight; a disguised
woman flirts with her would-be lover
while lecturing him — in rather ex-
plicit double-entendres — about the
ways of wooing. Meanwhile, a vain
duke signs his worldly goods off to a
flattering con man. In such stories, the
potential consequences are severe, but
no one truly suffers... unless, of course,
he deserves to.

Slapstick isn't totally out of place
in a swashbuckling adventure, either. There's an
equally long tradition of "low comedy" of the

chamber pot variety, which frequently alternates with
"high comedy" in a comedic drama scenario. Again, the
people on the receiving end of the laughs usually deserve
their fates: Eager but incompetent characters attempt stunts
they don't have the skill to pull off, while more-talented
ones humiliate their enemies with wild feats involving

slashed trousers and dye vats. Proud artisans or magi over- |

reach themselves with strange machinery or elaborate rites,
and suffer spectacular failures as "punishment." Actually,
the occasional comic screw-up is a pretty standard element
of swashbuckling stories, so long as the humor has a subver-
sive edge. The laughs come not from some servant dumping
manure out a window, but from the reaction of the

stuffy noble below the window, who was expecting
a gift from his beloved.

One approach to comedy which was popu-
lar during the period itself, but which might
not play so well to modern player groups, is

Bf) mechanicals." This brand of low humor relies
on the upper class perception that social
inferiors — the unwashed, uneducated,
uncouth commoners — are intrinsi-
cally funny, no matter what they do.
Hence, idiotic commoners run to
and fro, making asses of themselves
simply by existing. This sort of thing
doesn't go over quite as well in politi-
cally correct modern-day gaming
troupes, but it's more prevalent than one
might think; anyone who thinks we're

servants is invited to watch 10 minutes of
any episode of Black Adder. Naturally,
A this knife cuts both ways — the upper
| classes, with their pretensions, warped
§\ priorities, and complete ignorance of
1 practical matters, are also pretty funny.
‘| Renaissance writers were fully aware of
this. If they could get a few good laughs
at everyone's expense, so much the bet-
ter.

Magickal spells and backstabbing
wizards can make things even more
fun. Indeed, enchantments and strange
disguises are stock elements of Renais-
sance comedy, and can be played for
laughs even when the magi had some-
thing more serious in mind. Imagine,
for example, the spy whose magickal dis-
guise leads her into an unexpected love affair;
or the haughty magus whose Scourge backlash
turns him into a giddy leach. Courtly comedy
provides a wonderful opportunity for the

- Sa
Rees te

"the servant joke," also known as "the rude &

too "enlightened" to laugh at comical 4%

}————_~ 4 DV

ZS


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

ae eal

Storyteller to inflict a Scourging the troupe will never
forget; a visit from Implico the Vanity-bane can make even
the mightiest wizard look pretty foolish.

Courtly comedy can also provide a rich source of ironic
commentary on the entire scene. Never mind the servants
or the upper classes; the whole business of court, with its
rituals, arrogance, trivial jealousies and insincere friend-
ships, is inherently ridiculous. Comedy isa valid response to
such absurdity; it may be lightweight or dark, and it should
always have an edge, but it's easy to find. Just be careful
whose face you're laughing in — some powerful people
really don't get the joke — and watch out for the moment
when things turn serious. In Much Ado About Nothing, for
example, the heroine demands that her new lover take
revenge for her slandered friend. A comedic drama should
always end well, of course, but things can look pretty bleak
for a while.

(Note: The Kenneth Branagh/Emma Thompson ver-
<j sion of Much Ado, while out of period for this setting,
}? contains wonderful examples of both high and low comic
J drama.)

l The Historical Style: Big
Names and Famous Places

The Dark Fantastic world is essentially the world of the
historical Renaissance, with a few dramatic liberties and a
lot of secret history and magick thrown in. Thus, The
Sorcerers Crusade offers plenty of opportunities for Story-
tellers who want to build their plots around the real people
and events that laid the foundations of the modern world.

The problem with using historical figures, events, and
settings in your game is that history can be as much a cage
as a framework. Unless you're ready completely alter history
and work out the consequences in detail, it's simply not
possible to let your troupe help Richard III win the Battle
of Bosworth, or stop Rodrigo Borgia from becoming Pope.
But if they can't change events, your players will probably
feel that their characters are powerless, mere observers in a
procession of famous names and places.

The solution to this problem lies in preplanning, the
\\\\ idea of secret history, and a little manipulation of a player's
character's objectives. The trick is to weave plots around
the (often obscure) events of recorded history, while ensur-
ing that the players' characters seek goals that keep history
"on track." For example, it may well be impossible to save
Richard III, but it might well be possible to save the Princes
in the Tower from whatever happened to them (in itself, a
mystery to solve). Then — well, the princes can't very well
take the throne of England — the tide is running too
strongly in favor of the Tudors — but they can find a quiet,
safe place to live out their lives, or take some other role in
secret history — perhaps, say, ina Horizon Realm. After all,

royal heritage has symbolic power in some schools of magick, |
so they could be Awakened to become powerful magi in the
future.

There's also always the amusement value of introduc-
ing historical figures before they became famous, perhaps
with some foreshadowing of their later destiny (a trick
that's popular with certain historical novelists). Acommon
joke involves keeping the future celebrity's name secret
until the end of the scene: Who was that wild-eyed sea-
captain who was trying to eavesdrop on the Void Seekers?
The barman shrugs and says his name is Christoph some-
thing — Colon, he thinks.

Considering the meddlesome antics of the Ascension
War factions, it's entirely possible that your troupe will
wind up involved in some affair that will be critical to future
history. Perhaps a group of Daedaleans have been assigned
to protect Leonardo da Vinci from an assassination at-
tempt; or a Verbena coven has discovered a secret plot
against King Henry VIII —a plot led by a mysterious figure
known as Dracul. In essence, the players' characters must
move through the shadows and cracks of history, sometimes
applying a gentle push, other times keeping the walls from
crumbling. Time-based magick and prophecies make ideal
set-ups for this sort of thing, and can lead characters to all
kinds of harsh decisions. ("J cannot tell you why, but we must
allow them to burn the French maiden. It is hard to understand,
but trust me....")

Henry V: Politics and War

Of course, courtly history often revolves around "big
events" of a very traditional kind: power politics, warfare
and diplomacy. Such arenas always have room for adven-
turer-hero types; every campaign and battle has something
for an oddly "talented" spy or swordsman to do. On the
other hand, wars and grand alliances have a scale and
momentum that makes it hard for individuals to really
change the shape of history — which, for game purposes,
may be a good thing.

Any leader worth his title has uses for Awakened
characters, even if he doesn't know (or doesn't want to
know) about the source of their strange powers. Leader-
types are often very good at reading people, and even a
skillful magus might have a hard time hiding her "talents"
from a perceptive ruler. Kings and princes love secret
weapons and unique advantages; new devices, scrying and
precognitive spells, bewildering enchantments, prophecy...
oh, yes, a good leader can always employ such things!
Hence, it's ridiculously easy to work magi into an historical
scenario. Naturally, there's no telling whose side of history
the characters are working on; a cabal assisting Richard III
is not exactly backing "the good guys" — but then again,
who's to say what Richard's side of the story is?


: ITEM, FOURTH: no

HONEYED WORDS
D BITTER POISON

Which leads us to another fun possibility: magi and
night-folk working on both sides of a conflict. Of course,
such wizards will have to be subtle about their roles — even
the most useful advisors become liabilities if they're obvi-
ously sorcerers, so flinging hellfire across the battlefield is
generally a bad idea. And so the shadow-world of politics
deepens with the even more secretive affairs of wizards and
suchlike. Those secret wars, in turn, can provide the Story-
teller with a way of keeping historical changes toa minimum;
after all, if both sides have magickal agents, they might
cancel one another out in the grand scheme of things,
leaving history more or less intact.

Like a grand tragedy scenario, the war story has very
high stakes. The outcome of a single battle can change the
world forever. (No Hastings = no England.) But, as Henry
V points out, wars are fought on several fronts; the King
must first master himself, then his men, then the field, then
diplomacy, all the while staying one step ahead of conspira-
tors. A group of magi can be far more than fireball machines,
even during a war. They might be spies, assassins, diplo-
mats, or even royal confidantes who steel the King to do
what must be done. (See the movie Elizabeth.) When the
swords start swinging, players' characters should have a
definite advantage — it's no fun to get cut down by some
lucky yeoman. In game terms, a large-scale combat situa-
tion provides an ideal opportunity for general action rolls
(see the rulebook, p. 188). Even so, your players should fear
an open battlefield. There are a great many ways to suffer
defeat, and no magus wants to end up like Joan of Arc....

Henry VIII: The Pageantry of the
Past

Sometimes players don't mind just being tourists in the
past. Sometimes, in fact, it's what they want. We all love to
be amazed, and a rousing tale told against an exotic back-
drop can be pretty damned amazing. Courtly and mercantile
settings are generally best for this sort of tale because, well,
frankly, they're a whole lot prettier than disintegrating
peasant hovels. And this is the Renaissance; you've got set
design by Michelangelo, props by Leonardo da Vinci, and
production by Lorenzo the Magnificent.

Pageantry-laden stories needn't be entirely lacking in
adventure, either. These are violent, chaotic times, with
assassins in every court, pickpockets in the streets outside,
fanatical idealists locked in debate with amoral schemers,
and the occasional full-scale war for variety. Oh, and great
parties. Great parties. (See Appendix II.) If your players like
to spend half the session working out what they're going to
wear for the next big event, don't stop them. Let ‘em have
their fun! (Though if half of them are debating tunic
lengths and the other half are, well, looking a little bored,
it may be time for a change of pace.) Extravagance lends
itself to new kinds of stories, too, ones that can be played for

pathos, laughs, or both. Imagine the conniptions a vain
Guildsman might have if his favorite tailor is kidnapped by
the agents of a mad fashion victim....

One thing to bear in mind about this sort of story,
however: it requires a lot of research. You'll need to know
who is where, and when, what they want and what they
think; you'll need a good grasp of the politics, and probably
the military positions, too; and, yes, it'll probably help to
have an idea whether tunics are being worn long or short
this year. If you're already an addict of historical trivia, this
is a wonderful opportunity to go to town. If not, well,
perhaps you can make it up if you're inventive enough to
work with the gaps in your troupe's historical education.

(Note: The Sorcerers Crusade Companion features a
wealth of background trivia in Chapters I, II and V; Cru-
sade Lore is stocked with similar material in Chapters I and

IL.)

Richard J]: The Shadows of History

Despite its wondrous elements, however, The Sorcer-
ers Crusade focuses on the Dark Renaissance. Things are
often somewhat nastier than they appear in the history
books — the torture chambers are always full, and alarm-
ingly easy to fall into. Well-known historical figures may be
allied with vampires (or be vampires), or possess an interest
in black magic — not that human beings ever need super-
natural excuses to indulge in horrific behavior. Dark
historical stories resemble other forms of historical drama,
but emphasize the sinister side of things. As you troupe
might soon discover, that darkness can be very deep indeed.

Mood is all-important in a shadow-history tale. Trust
is foolishness, and treachery is the order of the day. Every-
thing seems bigger, darker, more insane. Players' characters
are less likely to rescue the Princess in the Tower than to
discover their horribly mutilated corpses being eaten by
crows — killed, perhaps, as part of some perverse ritual, or
worse yet, maybe just for fun. Such tales are gothic in the
truest sense, dismal tragedies in which laughter is just a
respite from tears. This sort of thing can be badly overdone,
of course, leading toa "Hammer films" sort of chronicle. But
in small doses, bits of cold terror and staggering dread can
create very effective tales.

In games like these, there are plenty of opportunities
for Awakened spies (whose loyalties may be split between
short-sighted, amoral masters and the deeper understand-
ing magick brings); greedy courtiers who essentially play
Chess with human pieces; half-hidden primal horrors;
Infernal cults; and secrets — lots of secrets. In such tales,
swords are instruments of quick murders, not acrobatic
duels. Comedy is rare, though bleak irony may be common-
place. As the Storyteller, you might even play out dark
reversals, where luminaries like Michelangelo are corrupt
and "villains" like Richard III are victims of circumstances.

2 —

ff


SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK :

N\\) Heroism, in such settings, means holding up a candle in the
night. A dark historical game could make an ideal back-
ground for a Daedalean chronicle — and give the old
"soulless Technocracy" stereotype a good, hard smack. Hey,
if you had to contend with so dark a world, you'd become
pretty ruthless, too!

Che Magical Style: Spirits,
Spells and Secrets

Despite all this swashbuckling and courtly plotting,
$ The Sorcerers Crusade is still very much a game about

magick. Admittedly, such powers generally have to be kept
in the background at court, but sometimes, mystical forces
and advanced science can come to the fore.

How does magick play out in court? That depends on
the court. As a Storyteller, you've got two choices: either
the court in question is a magickal place — a Covenant,

) Cray, lodge, faerie castle, etc.; or it's a mortal court wherein
the Awakened play subtle but important roles. In the
former, wizards and Daedaleans can really cut loose, fight-
ing wizardly duels across ballrooms and great halls, assailing
enemy fortresses with lighting and rifled cannon, and
generally using their powers. The latter settings add an extra
layer of subterfuge and misdirection to your stories, grant-
ing the Awakened an air of mystery and strangeness, and
pitting them against witch-hunters and suspicious courtiers
who would turn those powers against the magi.

How well do the magi within the court get along? Again, this
depends. Inasmall province, the court might boastasingle resident
magus, witch or alchemist (if that much), plus her assistants and
disciplines. Chances are, these sorcerers get along, although there
might be a few rivalries going on behind the scenes. A larger court,
however, couldbethesite ofsome intense politicking. The Dodge's
seat in Venice probably has Traditionalists, Daedaleans, indepen-
dentsorcerers,andahandfulofnight-folkcontendingfor influence,
nottomention the mortal courtiers. Competition within thiscourt
is probably a complex, often fatal, affair. The same is true of
magickal courts; aunified stronghold, likea Guild HallorHermetic
Covenant, will present a fairly cooperative front undercut by
various rivalries. A huge common-ground of various groups, like

\\\\ Horizon or the White Tower, will be a hotbed of intrigue.
Certamen, one-upmanship, evenassassinationarecommonevents,
and an enemy of the court has plenty of weak links to pull upon.

No matter what kind of court you present, the stronger
parties will try to keep bloodshed to a minimum (except, of
course, when it suits their purposes). The Queen doesn't want
her Artificer gunsmith killing her Gabrielite marshal... not
just yet, anyway. As a rule of thumb, assume that the more
hostile factions there are, the more the game will be about
magick. If things are relatively sedate on the magickal front,
occult elements will become more mysterious, enchanting,
and possibly more dangerous to the health of the realm.

A Midsummer Night's Dream:
Magickal Comedy

Even the intricate world of the Awakened has moments |
of humor and romance. In fact, it's often easier to run light-
hearted games in the Dark Fantastic era if there's plenty of
magick around — it can mitigate the brutal, sordid, disease-
ridden realities of the historic 15th and 16th centuries! In a
highly magickal game, Tradition magi can control diseases,
and often accept women as (more or less) equals; Daedalean
strongholds may have running water, decent heating, and
even democracy of a sort. Many Awakened folk know how to
make life enjoyable, given the chance. And in a magickal
comedy, they have that chance, and run with it.

Magickal comedy tends to be melodramatic and ro-
mantic, with whimsical powers and non-human beings. In
or around the province of the court, some mysterious force
begins to turn events on their collective ear. Lovers become
tivals, stodgy folk grow giddy, and odd transformations of
mind and body upset the established order. For a short
while, chaos reigns; the mortals prove what fools they can
be, and the immortals don't fare much better. Eventually,
the old order is restored, and everyone simply marks the
strange events off as a dream... an eerily vivid dream.

A comical interlude presents an excellent venue for a
Changeling/Mage crossover game, or at least for a short
appearance of fae powers. (See Crusade Lore, pp. 63-68 for
details.) Of course, the Fair Folk often alternate between
whimsy and threat, and the Unseelie ones can get down-
right nasty. Stories featuring faeries can be really amusing,
but the Fair Ones' pranks could turn dangerous at any
moment. Still, sorcerers are advised not to take things too
seriously — their reactions will set the tone for the faeries'
antics. Generally, Verbena and other Pagans deal fairly well
with such beings; haughty court wizards probably lack the
necessary whimsy, while rigid types will be begging for
trouble. The startling creativity of Daedalean craftsmen
would fascinate most Fair Folk — only nocker fae can
master such complicated dreams! In either case, the story
should coast along the edge of terror before the laughs
begin. (Look at how viciously Midsummer Night's lovers
behave until Oberon sets things right again.)

These whimsical stories also provide great opportunities for
Scourgings. When you think about it, Resonance and the Scourge
have quite a bit of comic potential, really. The Scourge could be
considered as Creation's impulse to play a vast (and dangerous)
practical joke on anyone who gets too pompous, and many of its
spirits—like Implico, Ber Willider, Whisper, and even Blodeuedd
the Temptress—can be played for laughs. Aswith otherhumorous
tales, the Storyteller is challenged to keep a light hand on the
proceedings without going overboard. A goofy dream can be fun,
butifthe giggles remain after the dream hasfaded, the joke will grow
old quickly.


: at

2 eee ITEM, FOURTH:
HONEYED WORDS
- D BITTER POISON] )

ae
IMA! Macbeth: Malign Interventions

At the other extreme, supernatural forces can be dan-
gerous and sinister, especially at court. In this sort of tale,
some mysterious entity appears and subverts the ruling
powers with powers of its own. Palaces dominated by
Infernalists or vampires make obvious settings for horrific
tales of power exploited and abused, but sinister forces can
appear almost anywhere, and can quickly turn mere mortal
lords to dangerous opponents.

Nor does the malign power in question have to be
"evil" per se. When a demented Maraud infects a court, the
results are often disastrous; kingship can become a mael-
strom in the hands of an insane king. An alchemist can
have courtiers on their knees if he can turn lead into
gold (or at least convince them that he can), while
a seductive witch wraps people around her finger in
more carnal ways; both sorcerers exploit the court
for their own gain. The Traditions and the Order of
Reason each strive for political influence, too,
and while their stated intentions might be
good (if diametrically opposed), the outcome
can be catastrophic. It's all well and good to
bring back the Pagan Old Ways... until the
Baron starts making blood-sacrifices to Odin
and the neighboring lords decide a cru-
sade is in order. And what if that princely
ally of Daedalean progress decides tospeed
up the process by leading a rebellion against
his father? Good intentions often lead...
well, you know... especially when poli-
tics and magick are involved.

f
Sometimes, the occult entity simply (\
sets the chaos in motion. In Macbeth, ¥
three witches inspire regicide and war YW
with a simple, cryptic prophecy. Human
weakness does the rest. A court can provide
the backdrop for an all-out wizard war, of
course, but this sort of story often works best
if the magick remains subtle. After all, evil
influence blossoms when it's hidden from
the light. In many cases, the malignant
party sidesteps the obvious leader and sub-
verts his associates instead. Thus, an
Infernalist might corrupt a seneschal, not
the Prince. Rooting out this kind of evil
can be difficult indeed; unless the heroes of
the hour recognize the source of corrup-
tion, they may very well conspire against
the wrong target — which may, in fact,
serve the plans of their enemy.

The Tempest: High Magick

Finally, there's the option of making high magick the
centerpiece of an epic story. This probably works best in an
"openly magickal" court setting, or at least in a fictional
location removed from "real" historical events; there's little
point in attempting this sort of thing if you have put
practical constraints on it.

High magick plots focus on the literal "affairs of wiz-
ards": the schemes and conflicts of arch-mages, Otherworldly
spirits, faeries, and so forth; wars and treaties between
Covenants; mystical conquests and invasions; and any
other sort of plot in which magick plays an obvious role. In
The Tempest, Prospero commands spirits, raises storms, and
creates illusionary banquets for his "guests."
The mortals of the tale are always aware that

they're surrounded by magick — mundane
rules do not apply. The court, in this case,
bows to the magician, and any shrewd courtier

knows his place. Z

These spectacular tales often resemble \
conventional "high fantasy" epics like Das
Niebelungenlied or Arthurian mythology.
The landscape is rich and surreal, the
events larger than life. Weird creatures
are everywhere, and magick is an ev-
Wi eryday occurrence. In game terms,
\ most forms of magick are casual, al-
though "alien" styles — like Ars
Praeclarus in a Pagan hall — might
be vain instead. Needless to say, a
combination of high magick andhigh 4
adventure produces dramatic and col-
orful tales: athletic swordsmen dodge
the bolts of sorcerers while perform-
ing "impossible" feats of agility and
skill; witch-queens transform into
dragons, and demons fly from ca-
thedral ruins. The combination
of magickal power, dramatic ad-
venturing, political
complexity and courtly gran-
deur is the richest mix
possible in the world of
The Sorcerers Cru-
sade. It's not always
easy to keep in bal-
ance, but it's often
well worth the
effort.


Silas
\ Of Classic Bits

:

N

THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

and Clichés

Aramis: She learned a secret?

Quenton: A conspiracy.

Aramis: I'm listening.

Quenton: To kill the King.

Aramis: But that's so dated!

— Aramis and Quenton, Revenge of the Musketeers

Courtly plots in general, and swashbuckling stories in
particular, have many standard features that occasionally
become outright clichés. Sometimes, these classic bits can
be woven into a plot to good effect; players often enjoy
seeing them, and they often act as "signposts," showing the
direction of the game and guiding the players' actions by
example. In a high adventure plot, for instance, a last-
minute dash to rescue a sacrificial victim or cut a sizzling
fuse can be genuinely exciting — and it demonstrates that,
yes, this is a game that rewards derring-do. Conversely, such
rescues often fail in a tragic plot; the mad dash fails, the
heroes stumble over some ludicrous obstacle, and the inno-
cents die — demonstrating that blind mischance is the true
god of this world.

As the Storyteller, you'll face some of your biggest
challenges while wrestling with these hoary beasts. Clichés
are by definition rather difficult to take seriously, and
playing them up soon gets tiresome, even in comedy games.
However, these classic bits are overdone for good reasons —
they're exciting, entertaining, even archetypal. They de-
fine a genre's flavor. A swashbuckling tale without a wild
sword fight or three simply wouldn't be a swashbuckling
tale! Courtly intrigue without a couple of fatal attractions
doesn't feel right at all.

Sowhatcan you do? To begin with, vary things a bit if your
players can predict what comes next, and doso audibly at every
opportunity. ("Oh, yeah. Here comes the ‘climatic-battle-on-the-
burning-castle' bit....") Swashbuckling adventurers should be
encouraged to use the occasional acrobatic stunt in the middle
of fight scenes; if, however, they can't walk intoaroom without
checking for chandeliers and assessing the height of the
balcony, the players are probably stuck in arut. Toshake things
up, get them fighting in low-ceilinged rooms and the open air
a few times, and persuade your players to think of new, original
tricks (setting their chances of success charitably high, if
necessary).

Ina similar spirit, try a new cut with an old blade. Use
a classic bit or setting, but vary it just enough that it feels
fresh. Is Edward Geisler going to duel Lord Tyburn on a
staircase? Cover it with ice, and add a harsh snowfall. Does
Kestral need to poison a courtier to get to her target? Make
him the nephew of her best friend, who's secretly working

for the enemy. This way, the scene remains intact, but it
doesn't feel like the same bit you've seen a million times
before.

For another cliché-wrecking technique, we can look to
one of the classics of the genre. Remember the last third of
The Three Musketeers? The novel? No? Neither does anyone
else. Why? Because it's depressing. Essentially, the cardinal
takes revenge for the affair of the queen's necklace — and
he wins. Several characters die, and nearly everyone suffers.
While this does tend to take some of the fun out of the story,
it points out a simple way to remove some corn from your
chronicle: make it dangerous. Make your players sweat.
Make things happen as a result of the adventure. Without
the threat of failure, the plot feels too easy. Thus, there
should be a real chance that your players will not succeed —
and potential consequences even if they do. A roleplaying
game is nota James Bond movie, after all. If the heroes blow
it, they might die. Don't hold their hands. If a seeming
adventure turns out to bea tragedy... well, who's to say you
didn't have that in mind? This isn't to say that you should
turn a swashbuckling romp into King Lear, but let your
players think that you just might. An element of uncertainty
adds flavor to some very stale dishes.

Dances and Duels

Courtly plots usually feature certain "classic scenes"
that may or may not veer into cliché, depending on how

they're handled. These bits include:

© The Monarch Holds Court: This is what the large
hall at the heart of the palace is for: government as a social
occasion. A monarch must appear regal to her subjects, so
complex shows of pageantry and etiquette have been de-
signed to impress the endless petitioners, diplomats and
visitors who enter Her Majesty's presence.

This scene is designed to be spectacularly intimidating.
On her throne, draped in finery and surrounded by atten-
dants, the monarch listens to each point of order, gives
some quick response, and moves on to other business while
her attendants hustle the visitors along. In a large court,
these formalities are so elaborate that anyone who isn't an
experienced courtier winds up totally lost. (Which is sort of
the point.) Any visitor with a shred of intelligence knows
enough to defer to Her Majesty, but occasionally tempers
flare. Every so often, someone steps out line, and either
disagrees with the monarch, draws a weapon, or performs
some other breach of etiquette. What happens next? More
often than not, the monarch has enough savvy to put the
offender in his place (see Shakespeare in Love). If she loses
her temper, though, someone's heading for the dungeon —
or out the window (see any version of Robin Hood). If
anyone else breaks the peace, he'd better be sure that the
monarch agrees with him... or likes him enough to forgive
the outburst.


ITEM, FOURTH: | fy

ree

~— = 7 =
HONEYED WORDS | RRAOXOXONKONAOR
= D BITTER POISON F SOLOS a

¢ The Private Council: This is where the real political
plotting takes place — in some private room away from the
throne. Everyone in the meeting is assumed to be on the
same side, but they often disagree quite strongly about
means to the end. There should be lots of dark, pensive
stares over goblets of fine wine, witty insults, and great
affronts that sometimes lead to bloodshed. If treason is even
hinted at, everyone will begin assessing everyone else for
reliability. Many of Shakespeare's plots are driven by a
succession of such scenes, which evoke a sense of barely
harnessed hostility and impending disaster. The suspense in
these interludes comes not from a bared sword, but from the
incredibly high stakes of the meeting.

© The Entertainment: While the rich and powerful
celebrate, a courtly spectacle turns into entertainment of
an unexpected kind. Someone — a gate-crasher, an assas-
sin, an agent of the King — intrudes on the festivities,
either with some devastating revelation, comic relief, or a
secret that will set the plot in motion. The possible "inter-
ruptions" are legion: in Romeo and Juliet, would-be enemies
fall in love; in "Hop-Frog," a jester enacts a horrific revenge;
in The Three Musketeers, agents battle over the queen's
necklace, while in Dangerous Beauty a poetry reading
degenerates into a duel. Prince Hamlet uses traveling
players to expose his uncle's treachery, while Cinderella
wins a prince's heart before vanishing into the night.

prise makes it memorable.

The planned spectacle sets the scene, but the sur- } 6

Entertainment scenes are wonderfully color-
ful — a duel is much more fun when masked
combatants fight up and down a ban-
quet table — and they evoke the
romance of the period. Appendix II
details several different kinds of gath-
erings, any one of which would
make a spectacular background
for some clash or arms, wills

or magick.

© The Seductive
Offer: Sooner or later,
someone approaches a
player's character with a
tempting offer: Do what we re-
quest and all this [fill in the blank]
will be yours. Resist us, and suffer. The
offer may or may not be magickal, sexual,

or financial; it could come from a courtier, a

vampire, a monarch, or even a spirit. It might be

blackmail, or it could arise from a genuine desire
to give the character what he wants. Either
way, the stakes are greater than the
temptee realizes at the time, and
no matter what he does, someone is
going to be very unhappy.

2

¢ The Brawl: Once things heat up, a band of rowdies
tries to "discourage" the players' characters from their goals.
Naturally, the heroes take offense; broken furniture and
scattered bodies result. The brawl might be serious, with
drawn blades and dead bodies, or it might be a simple romp
in which the furniture takes most of the damage. The fight's
severity will depend a lot on the theme of the adventure; a
comedy might feature a slap-
stick battle (like the
dye-house fight in The Three
Musketeers), while a tragic
romance leaves several
main characters dead and
others in exile (as in

: Romeo and Juliet).
yy Like the enter-
i.) »\ tainment scene,
the brawl bit

relies on &

‘
)


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK

a

location and timing; simple fisticuffs is boring, but a fight in
a burning windmill is another thing entirely. This is where
the "swash" part of "swashbuckling" really echoes. What-
ever the cause, severity and setting of the fight, it should
offer the antagonists lots of things to climb, smash, swing
from, and fall off of. (See Appendix I for classic swashbuck-
ling stunts.) In many cases, the players' characters will beat
the living hell out of their foes, but the repercussions might
be more severe than anyone realizes at the time. After all,
the fatal brawl in Romeo and Juliet begins asa "friendly" spat,
and the Musketeers make lasting enemies of the cardinal
and his guards.

© The Unearthly Encounter: Courtly routine is dashed
when some uncanny thing — Banquo's ghost, hunch-
backed Quasimodo, the faerie Puck, etc. — sends mortals
(and possibly magi) scurrying in all directions. What does
this visitor want? What will it do? Again, that depends on
the story you have in mind. Either way, this encounter

should breed chaos.

This bit ought to be handled with care, especially in
Sorcerers Crusade games where the players and their
Awakened characters may be dangerously blasé about things
that are supposed to be uncanny. To preserve the mystery,
do not employ "brand names" or offer detailed descriptions
of the visitor or its powers. ("Oh, look! That 6th generation
Tzimisce just showed up to kick your ass with Vicissitude. ...")
Rather, emphasize the unnerving aspects of the visitation,
describe the visitor in moody but unclear impressions, and
whisk the entity away before your players can get too
familiar with it. Handled well, this scene can lend atmo-
sphere and unpredictability to an otherwise routine event.
The visitor's presence should linger long after its departure;
from this point on, things should take a turn for the weird.

¢ Trapped!: It never fails. No matter how brave or
skillful the heroes are, the bad guys always get the upper
hand, if only fora moment. More often than not, somebody
falls into the hands of Chief Villain Number One. The ship
is sinking, the Queen is in chains, and nothing could
possibly save the day. Except....

This bit has the unfortunate distinction of being the
most soundly mocked genre convention in existence —
with good reason. Still, a few last-ditch escapes keep
everyone's blood pumping. No worthwhile victory comes
easily! Big brother to the brawl scene (and cousin to the
duel), this scene depends on urgency, setting and novelty.
Do not play this bit for laughs, or add some cackling villain
to the mix, unless you're deliberately going for comedy (or
groans). Run it straight, and let the players know you mean
business. The "Classic Settings" sidebar offers a few poten-
tial locations to make your players sweat, and Appendix I
describes a few stunts they might use to escape. When and
if they do, give them a moment to rest before reaching the
big climax....

¢ The Duel: When all's said and done, there's gonna
be a showdown — especially when a player's character
who's proud of his fencing skill has developed a rivalry with
a villain of comparable ability. Traditionally, this is a duel
of blades, and there are countless movies illustrating the
principles (Scaramouche is said to hold the duration record;
Hamlet excels for treachery). Still, other options exist: a
law-court scene (as in The Merchant of Venice); a contest of
wits, knowledge or ruthlessness (Elizabeth); a game of skill
(chess, anyone?); or, of course, a magickal throwdown
(Dragonslayer). Either way, the action has to move quickly,
and the players must have a real investment in the outcome.
The final duel cannot afford to be boring.

Speed is essential during the duel; although you'll
probably want to employ detailed combat rules, use narra-
tive combat (see the rulebook, pp. 193-194) to wipe the
floor with minor opponents. Go all-out when describing
the action, and encourage your troupe to try wild stunts and
energetic roleplaying. Also, give everyone something to do.
Although most duels end up as face-offs between two arch-
enemies, the other players should have hazards of their own
to face. (See the climax of Cutthroat Island for an example
of several "players' characters" battling their personal an-
tagonists. ) Both sides will be doing their damnedest to win,
so the fireworks ought to be impressive.

Of People and Politics

The kingly crowned head, the vigilant eye,
The councilor heart, the arm our soldier,
Our steed the leg, the tongue our trumpeter.
— William Shakespeare, Coriolanus

Characters, too, can become clichés — if the Evil
Advisor practically has a sign saying "Kill me" taped to his
chest, there's something wrong. Of course, these clichés
have some basis in commonplace psychology. Courtly life
rewards a sharp wit, courtiers tend to be rich and educated,
and politics demand ruthless action. Thus, the stereotype of
the witty, arrogant, cold-hearted courtier has a lot of truth
to it. Even so, it's not impossible to retain some moral sense
in that line of work, and many vicious wits refuse to take
advantage of inexperienced rivals. By playing up a few
notable differences — the nasty aristocrat who's nice to
children, the hearty guardsman who plays melancholy
tunes in the barracks — you can redeem the cliché while
keeping a classic character-type intact.

This brings us to an important point about the political
side of these stories: Politics serve as a means to an end; only
lost souls make it an end in itself. Admittedly, it may not
always be a good end — politicians may well be after power
and personal gain — but effective operators don't lose track
of their goals. (Even Machiavelli was trying to teach princes
how to be strong so that they could save his country from
foreign domination.) This fact, in turn, can add complexity


= = {i ITEM, FOURTH:
HONEYED WORDS
: AND BITTER POISON

i Blaxsic Settings sl
' dl avepelle , Betcemed up (or shaniclessly gi

rand excitement to otherwise-mundane scenes. Although the setting shou om the er anyone who's seen a
swashbuckling film knows the logic that leads characters to these locations can get pretty shaky. Who cares? For
extra fun, match a nasty complication (a storm, for instarice) or two to a precarious setting (a ship's rigging).

"Adjust die rolls by increasing or reducing diffic Ity puree, then storytell Ls at cow re worth.

Archive (library, museum, oracle, etc. ages
Beach (high tide, low tide, heavy Surf; storm, rock beach) ey
‘ Bridge (stone, wood, ornamental, etc. tied
Brothel, harem, orgy or bathhouse F

u seek eet ld: wil, etc.)
Factory (foundry, dye-house, clockworks, armory, forge, tailor, mint, Bsiworks, etc. Bs
Garden (herbs, flowers, foses, overgrown, magickal, carnivorous plants, sentient, edit maze, poisonous)
Graveyard, crypt, tomb or catacombs
Laboratory filled with hazardots'gubstances
Mill (wind-, water-, steam-, grinding);
_ Moving vehicle (coach, wagon, Daedaleant Begsraption, etc. ) sis

Narrow, rope or crumbing bridges: Mts
On, in or under water :

»... Otherworldly passage (Moon Path, Wyck Path; Mists,
Be ~ Riding beasts (horses, griffins, dragons, ete.)
Ruins (ancient remple, shattered castle, abandoned manor, ete.) |
-— : Sewer, dungeon, torture chamber, mass grave ie ee
Ship (deck, rigging, ‘erow's nest, ‘aun deck, bilge, capeain meer)
Stairs :
Tavern (the old deka bancue hall. Sara hieti
Temple, church, cathedral, or other sacred place
Theatre (on stage, backstage, on catwalk, beneath stage, etc.)
Tree (branches, large limb, across a fallen log)
Wine cellar or storage room

Vv
yi» Wi,
He OO)

Complications
During a play, party; masque, SESE Es, setae eee Sit
|. Many charactersare indisguise Pig ie 8:
-* Enemy has hostages .
Bad weather (rain, snow, wind)
Severe storm (thunderstorm, squall, cyclone, magickal tempest)
Poor footing (mud, ice, crumbling masonry, hot coals)
Fire (small but spreading)
Raging inferno
Flood
Suffering a Scourging
Hot pursuit from a dangerous third party
In path of (or on top of) Daedalean contraption
Unarmed
Naked (or nearly so)
Facing an expert
: Facing an amateur pet cage ee
Facing an amateur you don't dare define eae Ba ld, pr BB lbs
Facing an Otherworldly being (demon, ghost, spirit, etc.)
Magickal beast (dragon, griffin, demon) on a rampage


7 iow coemexf ( (5) HANDBOOK

factions at the court whose goals aren't completely opposed.
Look at the basic conflict in The Three Musketeers: The
King and Cardinal Richelieu have a friendly rivalry, but
both want what's best for France. Richelieu hates the
| Queen, but keeps his personal feelings out of state business.
Buckingham loves the Queen, and has great power in
England, but he's limited by the political situation there.
Most of the major characters in the book's plot are agents
of the greater figures, but have personal concerns and
objectives that color their loyalty. In short, everybody
wants something, and that "something" may even be a
common goal. It's the way the courtiers go about getting
what they want (or the purposes that drive them to want it)
that set the political conflicts in motion.

Item, Second features a selection of classic swashbuck-
ling characters; Item, First shows the dangerous games they
play. As a Storyteller, you can prevent these characters
| from stagnating by giving them something to strive for, a
handful of personal quirks, and the occasional secret that
keeps your players guessing.

Dangerous Soes, Helpful Friends

By their nature, courtiers face off against formidable
enemies. Even if the King or Prince is benevolent, his court
includes great lords and expert politicians; these worthies
keep an eye out for prospective rivals and alliances, and
stash several daggers up their sleeves (literally and other-
wise) for unpleasant surprises. These plotters have influence
to spare, and they don't tend to be forgiving. Thus, a
newcomer to the court has a hard road ahead of her.

Fortunately, there are friends out there who can light
the way: patrons who back a courtier's efforts; relatives who
support their Awakened kin; shrewd elders who help a
newcomer through her early trials; and allies who, for
whatever reason, owe acourt-bound magus their assistance.
In the halls of power, people have long memories — both
for insults and for good turns. Many a young courtier has
been helped by some servant or lord who felt honor-bound
to help her, and many a plot has been ruined by a seemingly
insignificant courtier who finally saw his opportunity for
revenge come walking down the hallway in the form of a
swashbuckling magus.

And then there's the court itself. In most cases the
looming halls, gargantuan chambers, elaborate artwork and
endless rituals are designed to impress. Few throne rooms
are "just" rooms — they're monuments to the vanity and
power of the King; and the greater the court, the grander
that "monument" will be. Ideally, the physical surround-
ings of the court — its halls, gardens, chapels, corridors —
become characters in themselves. Each room, every garden,
assumes its own "personality"; even when a character is
alone, she always feels as though she's in the presence of
something greater. Mervyn Peake's Gormaghast trilogy
excels at this personification — the labyrinthine court-
realm literally overshadows the humans within, and broods
over their petty intrigues with immortal patience. Every so
often, pull back away from the human interactions and
describe the court as if it were a character in its own right.

Froma Storyteller's perspective, these supporting char-
acters give the swashbuckling adventure its distinction.
Fancy stunts are fairly useless unless there's a good story
behind them and a cool audience to impress. There is, of
course, the danger that such interesting supporting charac-
ters will overshadow the players, but that problem is easy
enough to address: Never forget that your troupe is the
center of this particular tale. The characters may be — and
should be! — surrounded by greater forces, but their heroism
and bravery set them apart.

Every now and then, it's a good idea to take supporting
characters out of the picture before the players come to rely
on them... or resent them. This "transfer" can be peaceful
and temporary (the character goes on sabbatical, attends
distant business, or retires), or violent and tragic (she's
murdered by an old enemy, stricken with disease, disgraced,
or cursed). Either way, the transition offers new plot hooks.
Has Caesario's old paramour been exiled? Perhaps he can
win her a place in court again. Is Christina's prime contact
slain? He won't be the last to die, Christina vows...

Sometimes, a supporting character — friend or foe —
should simply disappear; this is, after all, the mysterious
world of court, and magick is everywhere. Such disappear-
ances serve a duel purpose: they remind the players about
the high stakes of this deadly game they play; and they offer
potential motivation for future adventures.

And then, in a new and ever-changing arena, they can
start playing their own games at court.


APPENDIX

ppendix:
4) Classic
Swashbuckling
Stunts

Wild tricks are the hallmark of swashbuckling adven-
ture. Where would d'Artagnan be without a quick feint and
a cutting remark? A constant routine of "I attack," "Roll,"
"T hit!" gets old quickly, and defeats the whole mood.
Hence, the following "stunts" — classic bits of derring-do
that any swashbuckler can perform... assuming, of course,
that he or she has the skills to do so.

Flashy as these classic stunts may be, none of them
requires magick. Indeed, a well-timed trick might give a
mortal a short advantage over a magus — a scullery maid
can bring an Awakened priest to his knees with a good
kiss, and a stable-boy can distract a wizard by flinging dung
into his face. Even so, a magickal spell can boost the

Not without fire can any workman mold
The iron to his preconceived design,

Nor can the artist without fire refine
And purify from all its dross the gold;
Nor can revive the phoenix, we are told,
Except by fire. Hence, if such details be mine

I hope to rise again with the divine

— Michelangelo Buonarroti, "Sun Purified with Passion"

effectiveness of a given stunt, adding a bit of power or
fortune at acritical moment. Naturally, the magus must cast 4
the spell before she attempts the stunt; such things don't
simply happen when you're fortunate enough to be Awak-
ened — you have to make them happen! Anaction-oriented
ritual or focus helps immeasurably in this regard; it's a lot
easier to use a sword during a duel than it is to kneel and
pray. In nearly all cases, these stunts are casual, not vain. For
details about magick and mundane rolls, see the rulebook,
p. 245, and remember that Arete roll difficulties are limited
to modifiers of + or — 3.

The Sorcerers Crusade rulebook also describes com-
bat-oriented stunts on pp. 197 and 203. Consider the
following bits to be optional additions to that menu. In
certain grim or low-key chronicles, some of these stunts
might seem silly or far-fetched. As always, the Storyteller
has the right to disallow anything that might disrupt the
mood of the game, or to rule that certain stunts just don't
work in her world. Naturally, this kind of piace de résistance
demands a touch of style; as the wall crumbles or the evil
duke stumbles, don't forget to add a witty remark or dexter-
ous flourish as a signature.

The "Dramatic Systems" portion of the rulebook (pp.
190-191) highlights a number of physical and social feats


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

that seem especially appropriate to courtly adventures.

Other good swashbuckling bits include:

e "Ah! The d'Adeggio Feint! I Know It Well!":
Hmmm... your opponent's fencing style looks familiar.
You, of course, have done a lot of studying in the arts of war
(you are, after all, a gentleman!), and after a moment you
size up the maneuvers your rival has chosen. Now, you
might be able to counter them more effectively. If nothing
else, you'll probably impress him by commenting on his
form and technique while cutting him to ribbons....

System: An Intelligence + Fencing roll allows your
character to recognize his adversary's style. The difficulty
., for the roll depends on your character's fencing expertise.
y, Consider the base difficulty to be 10, minus your character's
q Fencing Trait. (A Guildsmen with Fencing 4 would have a
AW base difficulty of 6, for example.) If the Storyteller wants to
<1 make life difficult, she might decide that your opponent has
studied an especially obscure sword-style, and adjust your
5 difficult upward by 1 or 2. ("Od's blood! I've never seen that
2 move before!")

Note: For chronicles set in the late Renaissance or the

commonplace, the Storyteller may well adjust the base
difficulty to 9 or 8, minus the observer's Fencing rating.

A successful roll allows your character to notice a
particular school of fencing, and to comment on it (as
Wesley and Inigo do in The Princess Bride). For one turn per
success, you may also reduce your attack rolls by 1, so long
as you keep fencing with that opponent only. After that, he
learns to compensate for your knowledge, and the two of
you are even again. Note that this can be used against your
character, too! Never underestimate a master.

Magick: A successful Entropy 2 casting allows your
character to reduce the difficulty of his attacks by an
additional 1 for each success on the Arete roll. (Two
successes on the Arete roll, for example, would reduce the
attack difficulties by 3.) This adjustment lasts the usual
time (one turn/success), but reflects a far greater advantage,
as the mage literally turns his rival's stylistic weaknesses
against him.

¢ "All For One...": Back to back with boon compan-
ions, you fight as a single unit, like a tempest of bright steel
and sweeping cuts. You all seem to move in unison, cover-
ing one another's flanks and openings as if guided by one
mind. Until your ranks break or your enemies lie scattered,
the bond between you all continues. When at last the
danger has passed, you often celebrate with a familiar chant
and hoisted blades.

System: Dexterity + Alertness or Fencing, difficulty 8.
A single "spokesman" rolls once at the beginning of com-
bat; each success indicates one turn during which all of the
allied characters act, one after another, on the best initia-
tive roll. If that roll botches, or if one ally botches her attack

or dodge roll, the coordination ends and the characters all
stand around looking stupid. During that one turn, you may
defend, but cannot attack at all. Ni

Magick: Entropy 1 or Mind 2 reduces the difficulty of |
the stunt roll.

e ...And There Goes the Roof: Atacritical moment,
the wall or ceiling gives way. Perhaps a hail of cannon-shot
weakens the structure, or a strong gust of wind knocks over
the teetering ruin, or the impact of two bodies hitting the
roof causes the timbers to snap. In any case, a nearby
structure collapses on top of your enemy (or beneath him),
dropping him and probably inflicting just enough damage to
give you the advantage.

System: Storyteller's option. In most cases, this will
happen when and if the circumstances seem fitting. If a
player wants to make this happen, she should describe what
she's doing (tossing a stone at a weakened support, kicking
a wall, etc.), then roll the appropriate Traits. This usually
requires a Strength + Athletics roll (Storyteller sets diffi-
culty), although certain other combinations might apply:

— Dexterity + Athletics: Throwing an object just so.

— Dexterity + Acrobatics: Leaping aside just in time,
or faking your opponent into the trap.

— Manipulation + Subterfuge: Distracting the foe
until the structure collapses.

— Dexterity or Strength + Crafts: Hitting the flaw well
enough to weaken the structure.

A Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7) can help
the character spot a weak spot — or a collapsing structure
— quickly enough to take advantage of it for one turn. If the
Storyteller wants to be fair, he can give the enemy achance
to notice the problem, too.

Damage depends on what's falling, and how far it falls.
A tumbling brick wall will probably inflict eight-10 dice of
damage in a large, scattered area of effect, while a single
falling brick would cause one character five dice of damage.
(A falling gargoyle, on the other hand, might inflict 10 dice
to anyone underneath it.) All damage is normal, unless the
collapsing structure is burning, or studded with nails or
spikes. If the character(s) falls through something, see "Fall-
ing" in the rulebook, p. 209.

Oh, and yes, you can get creamed by your own trap, too.
The Storyteller might require a Dexterity + Athletics or
Acrobatics roll from anyone who's trying to get out of the
way in time.

Magick: Entropy 1 or Matter 1 can lower the difficulty
of spotting the flaw. Either of those Spheres at 2 lowers the
difficulty of exploiting the flaw, while either Sphere at 3
allows the magus to create a new flaw in a previously sound
structure.


APPENDIX

¢ "Back, You Dogs!": As the crowd closes in, you bare
your teeth and draw your weapon. Stunned by your raw
ferocity, the mob hesitates; perhaps they even run away
rather than face your fury.

System: Manipulation + Intimidation or Expression.
The difficulty of the roll depends on the circumstances,
your appearance, and the mob's courage. A trembling
virgin defying some drunken rowdies will have a hard time
driving them off; a blood-spattered Pagan, on the other
hand, will have angry peasants crapping their trousers
before she even says a word.

For rough results, assume the following:

One success they hesitate a turn or two.

Two successes they stop.

Three successes they have second thoughts about
attacking.

they have third thoughts about
attacking, and probably won't.

Four successes

Five successes or more they run like hell.

Note that the difficulty should probably start at 7 and
work upward from there. Courage multiplies in numbers.
Really impressive... incentives (killing a man with a bare
fist, smashing a table, letting your eyes glow crimson) will
probably lower the difficulty a bit. If you fail, however, the
mob will kick your sorcerous ass, but good.

Oh, and this works only against mortals. Magi and
night-folk are far too jaded to be so easily impressed.

Magick: Mind 2 lowers the difficulty of the roll — the
magick makes you seem more impressive than you are.
Other sorcerous feats might lower the difficulty by scaring
the hell out of your foes, but could have the reverse effect,

Bi cc (ard ilegal og lip |
¢ epee ea
u is

alt erative to excessive blorshed \
only thing that stands between a i
displeasure.

——

too. A pack of zealots might be that much more determined
to throw you in a pyre if you're obviously a witch.

© Bait-and-Switch: While distracting your opponent
with a flash of wit (or tit), you sneak an object into your
grasp, or out of sight. Ideal for those moments when a dagger
is a girl's best friend.

System: Dexterity + Subterfuge (for a quick grab);
Charisma or Appearance + Subterfuge (to distract him
with your... charms); or Wits + Subterfuge (to outwit the
nitwit). The Talents: Larceny and Seduction can substitute
for Subterfuge. In most cases, the difficulty for the roll
would be 5; an especially perceptive or suspicious character
might force you to add his Perception rating to your diffi-
culty, at the Storyteller's discretion. (Deceivinga Perception
4 baron, for example, would be difficulty 9.) This trick only
works with objects that can fit into one hand, and that can
be easily hidden.

Magick: Entropy 2, Life 2 or Mind 2 lowers the diffi-

culty of the roll. Connection 2 can actually let your character E>

move the filched object elsewhere, or pull one from another

location.

© Carpet-pulling: Faced with a handful of heavily
armed adversaries, you duck down, grab the carpet, and
yank. As your opponents tumble, you leap up, draw your
weapon, and start swinging...

System: Strength + Athletics, difficulty 6 (possibly
higher if the carpet is especially large, or if there are more
than three people standing on it). This stunt can only be
performed in a turn when your character has initiative over
all of his opponents, and it requires at least three successes.

If the carpet-pull succeeds, every enemy standing on
the rug will teeter or fall to the floor; the Storyteller might
make Dexterity + Alertness rolls for those characters (dif-
ficulty 6), or she might simply assume they all go down for
one turn. For obvious reasons, a carpet-pull must be done in
a single turn; no other action may be performed that turn,
either. Failure indicates that nothing happened (you pulled,
but the carpet didn't budge), while a botch reflects a
comical—and possibly dangerous — blunder. (See Michael
York's fumble during the climax of The Three Musketeers.)

Magick: A successful Life spell might enhance the
Strength roll (see the rulebook, p. 241). A successful
Entropy 2 casting can reduce the carpet-pull's difficulty by

__ increasing the odds that the adversaries standing on the rug

_ will fall.


<2 worst, he might catch the chandelier and swing full-force

of & vated.)

CRS Zp SS AI THE a \\T — - —

SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK
an en ERT

© Chandelier-swinging: Leaping into space, you seize
the chandelier and fly across the room. Do you escape your
enemies, or plow right through them? That depends on how
high the chandelier is... and on how daring you're willing
to be!

System: Dexterity + Athletics or Acrobatics, difficulty
5. The arc of the swing should carry you to some convenient
location, whereupon you can let go and run away.

Should you choose to swing out and kick a bunch of
adversaries, roll Dexterity + Brawling instead. Difficulty is
7, and each success knocks one enemy off his feet (no
damage). If you elect to crash into a single adversary, roll
the same attack, and use Strength + 4 dice for the damage.
In this case, you take half the damage yourself. For obvious |
reasons, this damage is normal, not aggravated. This stunt
rarely works against skilled or powerful opponents.

Note that a botch during this stunt is disastrous. At the
very least, your character misses the chandelier and falls; at

into some obstacle — like a wall, window, or wall of spears.
(Damage is Storyteller's discretion, and might be aggra-

Magick: Connection 1 helps you judge the distance to
your "swing"; Entropy 2 helps you time your leap for
optimum effect. Both Spheres reduce the difficulty of the
roll accordingly.

© Club Meets Brainbox: At one point or another, |
every swashbuckler either takes a club upside the noggin, or
knocks her enemy out with a lucky blow. This stunt applies
in either case, and lets you (or your enemy) knock a foe
unconscious without inflicting much permanent damage.
(Headaches don't count.)

System: Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty 8; roll five suc-
cesses or more, and you can knock any human opponent out
cold for one turn per success. Inflicts normal club damage +
knockout, but doesn't work on really tough adversaries |
(like werebeasts or mighty enforcer-types), although club |
damage still applies.

On this particular attack, the "recipient" cannot use
his normal soak — this is, after all, a specialized stunt —
unless he's using some form of magical protection (Life
magick, the Fortitude Discipline, etc.). Helmets might or
might not apply (Storyteller's discretion); after all, a bash in
the head sets bells ringing whether you're wearing a metal
brain-case or not.

Oh, and yes, this can be done with a normal fist, too.
(Strength damage, not club.) Anyone who would punch an
armored knight in the face, however, deserves the broken
hand he'll probably receive.

Magick: Forces 2 or Life 2 adds successes to the attack
roll, or to damage if the knockout fails.

oii
Wall

Chae
~
tae

ts. ("Tleapin,


APPENDIX

= bd

—

¢ Cracking Skulls: Seizing two ruffians by the scruff of
the neck, you bash their thick skulls together, then let ‘em
drop to the floor, dazed or unconscious. A useful trick for
tall, brawny fellows with little patience for small talk...

System: Strength + Brawl, difficulty 8. Requires at
least four successes. Damage is normal (Strength + 2), and
both targets take the same amount of it. (Note that both can
soak, but it's probably more dramatic if they're simply
knocked out.) A single roll takes care of the whole stunt.
Your character has to have at least four dots in Strength to
pull this off, and should be taller than his adversaries.

Magick: Forces 2 lowers the difficulty for the stunt; Life
3 (or better) can raise your Strength Trait to superhuman
levels.

¢ Curtain of Blood: With a flick ofa blade or whip, you
slash a small but bleeding cut just above your adversary's
eyes. As the blood seeps down across his face, you can take
advantage of his distress to skewer him... or run.

System: Dexterity + Fencing or Melee, difficulty 8. At
least two successes are necessary to blind your foe for a turn;
four or more blinds him for two. The "curtain" isn't nearly
deep enough to cause Health Level damage, but it halves
your opponent's Dice Pools for the duration. (The poor guy
is too busy blinking and mopping the blood out of his eyes
to concentrate on his swordplay.) Like most other combat
tricks, this must be done in a single quick (one turn only)
motion.

The "curtain" begins to bother your opponent one turn
after the attack succeeds — the blood needs time to trickle
down into his eyes. For obvious reasons, this attack is
pointless against opponents who don't bleed, or who wear
a closed helmet or some other form of face-cover. This
"curtain" only works once (per combat) against a given
opponent; once he stanches the flow of blood, he'll remain
on guard. Later blinding attempts or attacks add +1 to their
difficulty — your rival's wise to your tricks now, boy!

Magick: A successful Life 3 spell doubles the bleeding
time by thinning the blood. Entropy 2 can lower the
difficulty of the attack.

© Cutting the "Z": With a flourish, you nick your
blade acrossa fairly flat surface —a wall, adoor, aguardsman's
chest — cutting just deeply enough to leave a permanent
reminder of your skill behind. This trick also works if you're
trying to cut away an enemy's clothes, belt or harness; sever
a thin rope; or tear a tiny rent in a tapestry, curtain or other
soft surface.

System: Dexterity + Fencing, difficulty 7. This trick
requires at least two successes, and may require more if the
design is especially elaborate, or the target is... uncoopera-
tive. Like the Curtain of Blood, this maneuver causes no

lasting damage beyond torn fabric, slight bleeding, ora mild
scar. It, too, must be performed in a single turn — extended
dice rolls are not allowed, although several cuts may be
made in a row if you want to achieve a complicated effect.
(See Swashbuckler or The Mask of Zorro.)

Note that, with the possible exceptions of a dagger and
a whip, this trick cannot be performed with any weapon
other than a fencing sword. Other blades are far too dull and
clumsy to achieve such delicate results. Hence, a character
trying to "cut the Z" must have the Fencing Skill (unless
she's using either a whip or dagger, in which case she
employs Melee instead).

Magick: A Forces 2 spell can guide your blade true,
while a Matter 2 Effect can separate the material along the
desired lines. Either way, a successful spell reduces the
difficulty of the attack roll. A Life 3 spell, on the other hand,
can raise a lasting scar from a very minor wound, branding
your opponent with your mark forever. (A good way to
make new enemies, by the way....)

* Dosing the Drink: You would do a Borgia proud.
With a quick, subtle motion, you slip open the clasp of a
poison ring or vial, dump the contents into a drink, and
await the desired effects.

System: Dexterity + Poisons. Under most circum-
stances, the difficulty is 6; if someone's expecting treachery,
however, that difficulty becomes the target's Perception +
Alertness Dice Pool. (Or the Perception + Alertness of
another appropriate character, like a bodyguard or ser-
vant.) Note that botching this roll (or even failing it) is a
good way to get yourself killed in amost unpleasant manner!

Magick: Connection 2 or Mind 2 could baffle a watcher
well enough to lower the stunt's difficulty, while Entropy 2
can shift the odds in your favor. Note that neither spell has
any effect on the poison itself — they simply help you dose
a drink, not strengthen that dose.

© Head-butt: In tight combat with a desperate foe, you
suddenly bash him in the head with... your head! Painful,
yet effective.

System: Stamina + Brawl, difficulty 7. Damage is
normal, Strength + 1. If the damage rolled exceeds your
Stamina rating, you take half of that damage yourself.
Naturally, both parties can soak this damage.

Magick: Life 2 can alleviate the damage your character
suffers, or increase his Strength (and skull hardness) to
inhuman levels.

—————

KY

bd
8


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK =

¢ Fancy Footwork: Despite some nasty obstacles (ice,
slippery floors, scattered debris, etc.), you manage to dance
among your attackers while they fumble and flail around
you.

System: Dexterity + Athletics, difficulty 7 (possibly
higher if the ground is truly messy). Note that your oppo-
nents can do this, too. Any character who tries to dance
around on difficult terrain must split her Dice Pool between
this "trick" and her attack and defense dice.

Magick: A good Life 2 spell can "lend" you a bit of
additional coordination, lessening the difficulty of the roll.

© The Fatal Trip: As you fight with blades or pole-
arms, you misdirect your opponent with quick feints and
swings. Suddenly, you lash out with a foot or weapon,
tripping the foe and shifting the advantage to you.

System: Dexterity + Subterfuge, difficulty 7. Damage
is normal, Strength + 1 (or weapon damage, if you trip him
with a weapon instead of a leg). Three successes or more
knock your enemy off his feet for a single turn.

Magick: Mind 2, Entropy 2 or Forces 2 can lower the
difficulty of the roll.

¢ The Fearless Leap: Trapped! Between freedom and
the rack lies a precipitous drop. As the guards close in, you
take stock of your situation, decide that foolhardiness is the
better part of valor, and jump....

System: Dexterity + Athletics or Acrobatics (Dexter-
ity + Riding if your character's on horseback). Difficulty
depends on the distance between your jumping-off point
and your destination, as well as on the weight of your
possessions (or body) and other burdens. Assume a base of
7 and take it from there.

This trick assumes you're making a desperate leap that
noone in her right mind would attempt. Thus, the distance
between where you are and where you end up really isn't
important, so long as it's less than 20 feet (for a human), or
35 feet (for a horse). If you succeed, your character clears
the distance. A failed roll means she barely made it; grasping
the edge of a nearby cornice or balcony, she hangs out in the
open by her fingertips until she can pull herself up and away
(raw Strength roll, difficulty 7). If you botch the roll... well,
splat. (See "Falling" in the rulebook.)

Magick: Connection 1 or Forces 2 can lower the
difficulty of the roll. A Life 2 spell, cast before the jump, can
increase the distance by 10 feet per success on the Arete
roll. (Life 3 is required if you want to cast such a spell on
some other party — like your horse.) At this point, how-
ever, the magick becomes vain: Surely, no one can leap 50
feet without the Devil's aid!

¢ The Flying Tankard: A favorite trick of tavern
brawlers: Simply heft a heavy tankard of ale and let fly at
some poor bugger's head. Don't expect him to buy you
another drink afterward.

System: Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty 7. Damage is
Strength + 1. Rather than computing distance/Strength,
just assume that most human characters can wing a mug the
length of a tavern room. At the Storyteller's option, an
attack that inflicts more than three Health Levels of dam-
age shatters the mug, showering the unfortunate target with
beer and ceramic fragments. (Possibly blinding him if you
score five successes or more on the attack roll — see "Salt
in Your Eye," below.)

Magick: Connection 1, Entropy 2, or Forces 2 can
decrease the difficulty of the roll. Flying weapons (tankards
included) also make fine "ritual tools" for Forces- or Life-
based spells.

© The Leaping Mount (or Dismount): Bracing your-
self for impact, you jump from some great height and land
squarely on the back of your trusty steed. By some miracle,
neither you nor the horse seems much the worse for the
experience, and you ride off at top speed. With a similar
feat, you can leap off the back of a moving horse — possibly
landing on the back of another — without breaking every
bone in your body.

System: Dexterity + Riding or Acrobatics, difficulty 7
(for heights of 10 feet or less) to 9 (20 feet or more). Leaping
froma height of more than 30 feet is a really bad idea; at that
point, both the horse and the character take damage as per
the Falling Chart. Although this damage is normal, the
Storyteller might rule that it cannot be soaked, due to the...
er, sensitive... areas involved.

Magick: Connection 1, Entropy 2, or Forces 2 can
lower the difficulty of the roll. Life 2 (or 3) can help the rider
and her horse absorb the impact with little trouble.

¢ Lightning Parry: Surrounded by enemies, you repel
all of their weapons in a single sweep, then bring your own
blade back around for a good slash. (To watch this trick in
action, see Errol Flynn in The Adventures of Robin Hood.)

System: Dexterity + Fencing or Melee; difficulty is 6 +
the number of foes parried. The parry automatically blocks
all of the enemies' incoming blades. As a general rule, this
trick only works with really inferior swordsmen — that is,
"blade fodder." It should not work against players' charac-
ters, or notable Storyteller ones.

Magick: Connection 2, Forces 2 or Time 3 can reduce
the difficulty of this parry. Time 3 also might allow your
character to take extra actions, if that spell has been
employed.

¢ The Quick Fade: The baron's men are coming!
Quickly, you duck behind a tapestry or into the fog. If you're
lucky (or just damned good), they might not see you at
alles:

System: Dexterity + Stealth or Elusion. If your charac-
ter is being chased by "blade fodder," your difficulty is 4; if
the hunters are especially skilled, perceptive or aware
(hounds, imps, major characters, etc.), the difficulty is the


APPENDIX

best hunter's Perception + Alertness, or Perception +
Awareness, whichever is higher.

Some environments, like fog, brambles, and so forth,
lower the "fade roll" difficulty at the Storyteller's option. If
the pursuers seem determined to catch the magus, use the
normal sneaking and spotting rules. (See the rulebook's
Dramatic Systems Chart, p. 191.) For simplicity, your
Storyteller might just assume that a character with a good
Dice Pool (five or more) simply "disappears" without a roll.

Magick: The Arcane Background adds to the "fade"
Dice Pool. Mind 2 can misdirect the pursuers, while Forces
2 can bend the shadows into a sort of cloak. Forces 2 and
Spirit 3, of course, allow a magus to literally disappear from
this plane of existence.

¢ Salt in Your Eye: This literally underhanded trick
consists of palming a handful of some abrasive substance
(sand, dung, wine, etc.) and tossing it in your enemy's eyes
at just the right moment. Although the stuff would probably
burn his eyeballs out in "real life," he seems to be clear his
vision in a moment or two. Still, this is a handy (if obnox-
ious) way to get an edge over a superior opponent.

System: Dexterity + Subterfuge, difficulty 9. A suc-
cessful roll blinds your adversary for one turn per success,
and also costs her the next action she might have taken.
Until she clears her vision, all of her Dice Pools are halved.

Magick: Connection 2 and Entropy 2 lower the diffi-
culty of the roll. A handful of painful stuff makes an
excellent focus for nasty Life magick Effects.

e "Surely You Are Mistaken, Milord!": They can
only hang you if they recognize you. A few nimble words
and soulful glances might just convince that bailiff that
you're not the wizard he's looking for....

System: Wits + Subterfuge; could also be Manipula-
tion + Subterfuge (to reflect good lies), Wits + Disguise (to
conceal your appearance), or Appearance + Subterfuge (to
distract his attention). Assume a difficulty of 4 for the
average guardsman; 6 for suspicious hunters; and the
questioner's Perception + Subterfuge for important charac-
ters.

Magick: The Arcane Background adds to the Dice
Pool. Forces 2 shifts the play of light and shadow across your
character's face, while Life 2 can alter her bone structure
just enough to confuse the hunter. Mind 2, of course, can
cloud his judgement, while Mind 3 utterly convinces him of
whatever you want him to think.

© Tossing Tables: Nothing quite says "Get the hell out
of my way" like an oaken table in the face. This barroom
favorite requires a bit of strength, but it's pretty impressive.

System: Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty 8. Damage is
Strength + 3. A large enough table can hit several targets at

once, and provide cover against incoming attacks. Your
character must have a Strength of 3 or better just to shove
the table significantly, and might need a 4 or 5 to actually
pick it up and throw it.

Magick: Life 3 can boost the mage's Strength to heroic
levels, while Forces 2 can add afew dice tothe table damage |
(Storyteller's discretion; for simplicity, we suggest three
more dice.)

© Whiplash!: With a flick of the wrist, you can snuff a
candle, break a glass, or knock a sword out of a man's hand.
Best of all, you look good doing so!

System: Dexterity + Melee (whips only), difficulty 8.
A successful snap inflicts a small but disconcerting amount
of damage on a single tiny object. To lash a weapon out of
someone's hand, see the Disarm maneuver in the rulebook.

Magick: Connection 1 lowers the difficulty. Mind 2
can make you seem utterly terrifying (or seductive) when
you use this whip. (See also, "Back, You Dogs!")

¢ The Winning Kiss: "No, milady," says the priest. "I 5

cannot. Leave me be!" Desperate, you catch his arm,
pressing ever so slightly against his side. He begins to
protest, but you lock eyes with him. His voice stills. Slowly,
slightly, you part your lips and move toward his own.
Despite his vows, he cannot resist. For a tingling, eternal
moment, your lips burn together. He responds with a
muffled groan, and clasps you to his breast. His determina-
tion cracks and crumbles. After far too longa time, you both
ease back. He regards you with newfound lust and not a
little supplication. "You win, milady," he breathes. "Though
I know I shall regret it, I will do as you ask."

System: Manipulation + Seduction; difficulty is the
"victim's" current Willpower rating. (Not his permanent
Willpower — this tactic often works best after the target
has been worn down by other methods.) Success wins a
limited amount of loyalty from the target; soon, he'll come
to his senses again, so act quickly!

Obviously, it's pretty silly to roll for every kiss your
character gives; this "stunt" is best saved for moments when
a single kiss can break a person's will and get him to go
against his better judgement. The "winning kiss" can be
used by (and on) anyone, so long as the two characters have
an opportunity (and some willingness) for a lip-lock. Note
that while a character can use Charisma in place of Manipu-
lation, Appearance does not apply. Even a beautiful siren
can be a lousy kisser.

Magick: Mind magick of 2 or better can reduce the
difficulty of the roll. This stunt makes an excellent focus for
Mind, Spirit, or Life-based spells. (Normal rolls apply,
although the Arete roll difficulty may be reduced by the

successes of the kiss itself.)


THE
SWASHBUCKLER'S
HANDBOOK

All For One...

...Goes the Roof
Club Brainbox
Be: cusped

eethue

Fatal Trip

Flying Tankard
_. Lightning Parry
Salt in Eye

" SOA. - Feint!"
"Back, Dogs!"
Bait-and-Switch ©

Dose Drink
* ..Mistaken, Milord"

Athletic Feats
~ Stunt
\ Carpet-pull
Chandelier-swing
Faricy Footwork
Fearless Leap
Leaping Mount/Dismount
Quick Fade
Tossing Tables

- Caran of Blood Ha

en Dexterity + Fencing/Melee
"Dexterity + Subterfuge'

* — + Subterfuge

Dextetity + Brawl

papriy + + Melee

= + ‘Stibcerhupe: Ceuta oss

ince + Subterfuge;
or Wits + Subterfuge
Dexterity + Poisons

‘ Manipulation' + Seduction

Roll

Strength + Athletics

Dexterity + Athletics/Acrobatics
Dexterity + Athletics

Dexterity + Athletics/Acrobatics

Dexterity + eo ee

Bit

Dexterity - +See

Wits + Subterfuge; Manipulation ae

ihe

: teeiPerception
fae a

"vietim' is

Difficulty

Damage

"Distract foe, palm

0
(varies)
Knock foe out

Grab two foes, smash
together

Strength + Uycagop &
damage
Strength +1 —
Deflect ne blades
Blind foe

me

€
aig

object

Poison drink

Topple enemies'

Stay on feet "4
Escape

Jump on or off mount
Hide

‘Strength + 3.


To the Devil with the Dark Ages! This is an age of flash and flamboyance,
where a swift blade and a quick wit can work wonders. Leave muddy
battlefields to the crows! Mingling with courtesans and artists, philosophers
ind princes is far more comfortable... but no less deadly!

Machiavelli wasn't kidding. Poisoned cups and venom'd words epitomize
the Renaissance. Without a bit of savoir-faire, a magus can find herself
up to her neck in trouble before she can say et tu? So before you wind
up in some princeling's dungeon (or dead!), take a moment to peruse
this essential guide to surviving a different kind of war — the dance of
seduction, intrigue, assassination and villainy most vile

Don't forget your rapier..

This Most Useful and Essential Sourcebook doth include:

* Intrigues of the Ksirafai, Guildsmen, Solificati and Hermetics

* Ars Cupiditae — the magick of hearts, minds and polished blades
* Sex, violence, treachery — all the things that made the Renaissance
great! — plus Storyteller hints, character types, classic stunts, and more

ISBN 1-56504-470-
VW4808 $18.00U.S

INT i
