# File: Syndicate.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

SS

A Sourcebook for Mage: The Ascension

$ = This is Reality. Ask us about Reality.
— advertisement for First Union Bank

THE FOOL.

By Mark Cenczyk and Phil Brucato


IZ

NO? Ail

Credits

Written by: Mark Cenczyk

Additional Material: Phil Brucato

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Cary Goff

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

Art: Mike Chaney, Anthony Hightower, Jack A. Keefer,
Alex Sheikman, Dan Smith

Map Design: Matt Milberger, Robby Poore
Front Cover Art: Kevin Murphy

Front and Back Cover Design: Katie McCaskill

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
B SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except
for the purposes of reviews, and blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vam-
pire the Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. A2on, Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, and Freak
Legion, Book of the Wyrm, Technocracy NWO,
Technocracy Syndicate, Technocracy Iteration X
and Dark Alliance Vancouver are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Allrights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings,

and supernatural
ainment

characters and themes. All mystic:

elements are fiction and intended for ente:

purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.

and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

vhite-wolf.com;alt.games.whitewolf

Special Thanks To:

Erik "All Our Sins Remembered" Phillps, for sifting through
last year's product pile.

Chad "Space Shuttle" Brown, for installing a teleport pad
between the office and the warehouse.

Sarah "Language Lessons" Timbrook, for choosing the
Farmers Market over the foreign market. Bye, Sarah. We'll
miss you. :-(

Rich "Cuba Gooding" Dansky, for racking up the most
impressive set of invoices in White Wolf history. \
Brian "Limping Lizards" Glass, for making the most of his

medical insurance.

Rich "Death Mage" Thomas, for descending into

Euthanatos' Underworld.

Ethan "Tornado Kick" Skemp, for heading east —far east — }
with Marauder Girl.

Ken "Family Tied" Cliffe, for hosting The Folks for a week.
Eeeyaaa!!

Author's Dedication

Dedicated to Adrian Pasdar, who played the title
character on the short-lived and much-lamented
series Profit, and who, for a few fleeting weeks,
captured the heart and soul of the Syndicate;

To Dwanye Andreas, Eric Freedlander,
Charles Keating, David Koch, Frank Lorenzo, '
Michael Milken, Ron Perlman, Donald Trump,
and the many other greedy bastards who make
truth much more painful than fiction;

And to Noam Chomsky, Mother Jones maga-
zine, and the many others who lead the good fight
against all of the above.

Technocracy: Syndicate


=p

IDWS

Soe cea a, eS

Chapter Two: OufRank and Fil

File Two: Pottiolio

¥
Chapter Three: Play
Chapter Four: Diefenba

Table of Contents

42

44
58

3

.



but I ae
. When he Spoke, his voice
the way watchin;

was
8 @ panther is hypnotic, 1 couldn't not listen to him." |
Package,
Cynthia Petherbridge looked at the "And he didn't tel] you his name?"
"It's funny," Peter Said. "I asked him his name, He just smiled and shook his head, like his identity wasn't the issue at
hand. laskedhim, i ‘walk away. He. il ‘round fora second, Allhe said was ‘courage,'"
62"
"Yeah," Peter said. "It seem

ied a little dramatic to me at first...
| "Well?" Cynthia pried at last.

this

-" Peter went silent and Stayed that way,
eter picked up his drink and Poured the remainder of the

watery gin down his throat.

"Well, then I Opened the
He eased back in his Seat, staring fj

Ixedly at the floor, Cynthi:
unseemly that Peter had found stuck to the underside of his chai
"The Syndicate."

Her eyes widened slightly. "The Syndicate?"

Of alot. Jesus Q Christ, Cynthia, you
» Memos, project reports, computer files... it' ible,
ried himself so deep in their network that I'm amazed he was able to
"And the files themselves?"

about what's going on — alll the

this guy's tight, the Syndi

nitroglycerine, but it's also
Cynthia picked up the envelope,

She pulled out the Stack of documents, The yet Piece



T'm talking liglatd. Rich enough to afford your

own jets Righ enough Not to waste time. Fifty
" (comps

pitted mullionedollars. A play EOIN

"Gordon, CE


(i we W Uj

NK (A "


Chapter One:
A Word from

the Head
Offices

Syn-di-cate: 1. a. An association of people authorized to under-
take some duty or transact some business. b. An association of people

formed to carry out any enterprise

— The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language

Mission Statement

The Syndicate is committed to establishing the
perfect reality of value. We pledge ourselves to
maximizing the worth of the Masses' labor, to
securing that worth against all forms of devaluation,
and to organizing that value structure in accordance
with our Enlightened leadership and perception of
the ultimate power of value among the Masses

— Joseph von Reisman, Vice President

of Operation, Syndicate Europe West

Money

In and of itself, money is nothing more than flat little
engraved disks of metal, or words, numbers and pretty
pictures on scraps of paper. And in this day and age, it's not
evenas tangible as that. Governments, banks and corporate

giants move nothing more than numbers and data around
worldwide computer links, but everyone thinks of that as
money. (Can you imagine the Department of Defense
showing up at Bell Aerospace with a truckload of twenties
for every new fighter plane they want to buy? I think not.)
Money is the integral element of society, the one common-
alty that connects every individual. It's so commonplace
that many people will, as they tend to do with any omni-

present part of life, dismiss it. "It's only money," they s

"It's simply a way to buy things."

But it's never "only" money. Money is status. It is power.
It is the freedom to buy and sell — and do — whatever one
wants. People may delude themselves into believing that
other things are more important: love, family, reputation.
But when the bills come due, money takes center stage.

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices

=e

NO All

Wy ON

All people, deep inside, want success. They will spend
money they cannot afford on lotteries they have no chance
of winning. They will lie and cheat on their taxes. They will
rob banks or embezzle company funds. They will kill for
money. Even the most successful industrialized nations in the
world realize that everyone needs money tosurvive. National
welfare programs, scandals and crime rates prove that.

Money is the great united paradigm, a functioning
reality for billions of people. In the Syndicate, we know this;
the evidence of it surrounds us every single day. The Syndi-
cate is committed to perfecting that paradigm, to refining
and modifying the international structure of commerce and
wealth in order to create a perfect network of revenue,
unbound by the inefficiencies of tariffs, embargoes, union
regulations or unnecessary taxation. People simply want to
earn what they are worth. They deserve nothing less. And we
want to make that ultimate goal a reality.

Reaching the Goal

Our Union is a safety net for a world on the brink of
chaos. We were born amid superstition and anarchy, and we
strive to save humanity in spite of itself. With our brother
Conventions, we reach through the curtain of terror and
mythology to hold the Masses' hands, to guide them through
the darkness and give them the fire of Enlightenment — of
Ascension. But Ascension isn't cheap. It takes money to
save the world, money we raise, money we control.

Reality is not silver; it is quicksilver. It flows and forms
itself to the desires of men and women who understand its
tules. Let the Superstitionists call such control "magick." We
know it for what it is: progress. And progress is never driven by
anadherence to the status quo, but by the actions of those who
force reality to change. Those actions are, by necessity, radical
and dangerous. The risks are enormous and the consequences
moreso. Thus, our Union strives to reduce the risks by leaving
such control in the hands of a qualified few. The vagaries of
such Fortunes demand a careful eye and a stable grasp.

Of all the Conventions, we best understand the need
for subtlety. We do not overload our operatives with the
gadgetry of Iteration X or the escapism of the Void Engi-
neers. We do not obsess over creating the perfect life-form
as do the Progenitors, or play the trite espionage games of
the New World Order. For this reason, our Convention
brethren dismiss us. To many Technocrats, we are glorified
bean counters. Somebody has to watch the bottom line, and
the lot has fallen to us.

To a large extent, this is true. We do watch the bottom
line, but with an intensity that our colleagues cannot possibly
imagine. Turning the maximum profit with minimum ineffi-
ciency isa complicated process, and we supervise each step. In
many respects, our Convention — our Syndicate — has two
sides to its personality. Each one represents a crucial compo-
nentin the overall schema of the Convention, and undertakes
the enterprises to which all Technocrats are sworn.

10 Technocracy: Syndicate

The first side of the Syndicate operates in the world of
commerce and finance. Business is an intricately intertwined
network of several concepts: finance, manufacturing, marketing,
economicsand evena bit of politicsand entertainment woven in.
To generate and sustain the income we require, our staff occupies
pressure points in each of these areas. Salesmanship demands a
combination of creativity, monetary wizardry, PR and a bit of
luck. By manipulating those aspects within our control, the
luck (and the revenue) will, by definition, flow in our direction.

The second, more-obvious side of the Syndicate rules the
underground economies of the world. Gangs, crime families,
drug cartels, vice rings and smuggling networks comprise a
significant sector of the world economy. People need some sort
of escape from the breakneck pace of the modern world. It's the
lot of man to turn to forbidden pleasures — drugs, pornography,
illicit sex and so forth — when under pressure. It's the lot of
society to forbid that which it cannot control. Since the appeal
of such activities comes from their forbidden state, it's only
natural that such fields should be profitable as well, hence, our
presence in these "dirty businesses." Unlike a mundane society,
we do not fear such activities because we can control them.

People always need to eat.

The Bottom Line

Our mission is simple — the perfection of the Bottom
Line. The Syndicate acts on the principle that money, a
measure of value, is the only valid form of reality the Masses
accept. Our Enlightened agents, our Grand Financiers,
work to direct the Masses' spending habits, purchasing
powers and innate desires for more and better property.

Any good business does the same. So what sets us apart
from mundane corporations? The answer is simple. We
understand that money is only a symbol of a greater thing.
Most mundane businessmen believe that the number of
zeros after the 1 on the bottom line is an accurate asses
ment of their worth and power. Pursuit of wealth blinds
them to its larger meaning. We know better.

Making money is all well and good, but it's ultimately a
form of myopia. The secret is not found in how much money
a person makes, but in what that money represents. Wealth
isa tangible symbol of man's progress. It's printed right on the
face of a dollar: In God We Trust. That god is Man himself,
inall hiscreative and resourceful glory. He trusts so implicitly
in the fruits of his mind and hands that he invests pieces of
paper and tiny metal disks with this self-worth.

Civilization has trusted in money for millennia, but never
had to. Money is an artificial entity; it holds no value other
than that which people invest in it. Money focuses the Masses'
belief in themselves and in their potential, but the focus itself
acts only as a crutch. Dollars and cents, pounds sterling,
Eurodollars, yen, Deutschmarks and gold ingots make poor
crutches. They get stolen, lost, devalued. Still, few people
realize the truth. The Masses invest so much of themselves in
the physicality of money that they forget its true nature.

a


We, however, have not forgotten. Money may be the
ultimate reality for the Masses, but even that reality must step
aside if the Masses are to reach their full potential. A truly
cashless society, in which people can value their potential
instead of physical money, stands at the apex of our paradigm.
Toward that apex, we plan and execute our Syndicate's mission.
Until then, we use the Masses' beliefs to our advantage.

The Adjustment of Fortune

The process of making money —especially in theamounts
we do— issubject to the same laws of economics, of supply and
demand, that influence the Masses. Although one would
think that it would be easy, given our skills, to influence world
trade — perhaps by engineering a quantum leap (or plummet)
in the price of stocks, precious metals, or commodities for
example — Fortune does not allow for this.

Grand Financiers have learned over the centuries that
massive adjustments of prices and stocks breed disasters. 1929
proved that in spades. Unlike scientific discoveries or informa-
tion processing, money is a concept with one very potent
variable: people. The Masses are extraordinarily fickle crea-
tures, and their beliefs are like hurricanes. One wind grows,
gains momentum and reaches devastating strength. To ride
thatwind, you must be wise, patientand subtle. Fads and trends
are fragile things — they break under stress. The Masses know
this, and they don't trust the fads to continue. The laws of
economics, of belief and human nature — of Fortune — create
their own Paradox. Pushing them too far risks catastrophe.

So how do we enter into the picture? Carefully. Adjust-
ment, the process of manipulating Fortune, requires the
utmost subtlety. The world of business is built on luck, trust,
reputation and speed. For the Syndicate, consumerism is
the key to successful Adjustment. If you get people to want
something, or need it, or think they need it, and then
provide it for them, you control their spending habits. If you
own someone's bank account or credit rating, you effec-
tively own that person — body and soul. All it takes is a
good computer operator and some creative accounting.

Of course, many other variables operate in the under-
ground economy. Our street-level people must be prepared
for them. The Special Projects Division researches and
develops new trends, works with other Conventions and
cutting-edge technology companies to equip our soldiers
with all the paraphernalia they may require. Skill is not
always the best substitute for a big gun.

Fortune and money are fluid. Each follows the path of
least resistance in its respective course, like a river to the
ocean. We know that this flow cannot be directed against
its nature; water doesn't run uphill, and too much overt
Adjustment creates Paradox. What we can do, however, is
position ourselves in the center of the flow and force it to
move through us or around us. Either way, we influence its
direction. Whatever the flow is and wherever it travels, we
stay safely surrounded by its power.

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices


IX. 7 ||

WN

a$cen$ion

We will have all the money in the world while everyone else
dies in the gutter wishing they were us.

— Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle

As

who make the most money. Yet the acquisition of money, in

nsion comes to the fittest, and the fittest are those

and of itself, is not the path to Ascension. We make money,
to be sure — and with the sort of bottom-line figures that
would make so-called captains of industry turn the same
lime-green as their Sunday slacks. But Ascension does not

come from making money; it comes from controlling the flow of
money, and from making the symbiotic connection between
money and human happiness. By altering the principles of
commerce and the consumer society, we influence peoples'
lives. We attain power over their realities.

Consumerism is the true road to Ascension. Convinc-
ing people that technology is the wave of the future isa risky
proposition; the most rural areas of the globe remain back-
ward even to this day. Perfecting the body may be all well
and good, but it's much easier and faster to market a diet
craze or to use supermodels to change perceptions of beauty
than it is to tinker with DNA helixes in a laboratory.
Information is a powerful force in the world today, but no

foolish enough to give it away for free. And the

n hardly handle the world they live in now, much

one

a world where perfections become commonplace.
Call us elitist if you will, but we understand the truth:
Ascension is not the common man's game and never will be.

Rather than trying to force the Masses to Ascend, we simply
position ourselves at the receiving end. At its core, money is, in
and of itself, an illusion. It is a medium of exchange, nothing
more, nothing less. But the belief in that medium, the implicit
trust that a dollar is worth a dol

, gives money and our

Syndicate a short and easy road to the Ascension of our reality
In many ways, money is the last great holdover from the Mythic
Age, the last superstition that keeps the Masses in place.

The Masses could do without money; they did so thou-
sands of years ago in the earliest tribal cultures. But civilization
has progressed light-years beyond the hunter-gatherer, and
that progress has required capital. No human achievement —
exploration, conquest, medicine, tools, trade, commerce, even
language — is possible without the incentive of profit. Money
or the potential to get it, keeps the inventor burning the
midnight oil. The dream of the good life keeps housewives
across the world playing sweepstakes for one shot at the big
bucks.
accounts, proving their worth to the consumer society at
large. With the swipe of a piece of magnetized plastic through

Easy credit keeps people opening up new credit-card

a phone line, they can purchase anything they want, and
they'll pay for it later, thankyouverymuch.

We know the power of money. We have no reason to
waste time with genetic alterations, or intricate technol-
ogy, or the search for a better world. Such notions do not
bring about a definitive reality. The definitive reality is
already here. All that is left is to take it. It is easy. It is safer,
and it is guaranteed.

Or your money back.

12 Technocracy: Syndicate


NNN
(
Power Words f (
Peter — It's alwayshelpful to understand the la \
you're venturing in a new country. Since son
terms depend on euphemisms, I have included — A slang term for an Enforcer (q.v.
detailing several of the Convention's more com g
Adjustment — The Syndicate term ing Out" — Termination by the Syndicate, f
Reality (q.v. Fortune). i through simple firing, relocation, financial ruin or f
Associate — An Enlightened member: -more-permanent methods.

‘Also known as a "Magic Man," a lo sector — Short for Information Specialist, an En-

Enlightened state. specifically skilled in the theory and practice of ;
Board —The collective name for espionage.

Syndicate, comprised of the ten. Vice o ning" — A form of Mind control over a subject,

tion. Also known as "Upstairs." convinces the subject that a certain individual is a
"Bottom Line" — A slang term for the | unreliable or untrustworthy business associate.
Braindraining — The practice of h 1] ger — A Syndicate member of a Technocratic Sym-

nor Research Construct. Also known as "Wizards."
Media Control — The division within the Syndicate that
Chairman —The head of a Syndicate Construct. "oversees the coordination of news, advertising, entertainmentand
asa\Vision Man" ot "Visionary," in deference to his ci financial information in accordance with the Syndicate's goals.
to both the Board and the Syndicate Horizon Realms, 7 Mystic — A Syndicate term for a Tradition mage who
Clearinghouse — The general term for a Syndicate specializes in quasi-religiousmagick, i.e. amemberofthe Akashic
front operation (q.v. Dispatch Center). Brotherhood, Celestial Chorus, Euthanatos, or Order of Hermes.
Craftmasons — The more familiar name for La Outsourcing — A practice, employed by Disbursements,
Campagnia, a group of early medieval mages: who coordi- of obtaining equipment and materiel from the other Con-
nated the overthrow of the Mistridge Chantry in 1210. The ventions in return for favorable funding and grants. é
Craftmasons would later initiate the Convention of the Pentex — A corrupt megacorporation hiding behind
White Tower in 1325, out of which came the foundationof — dredsofsmaller companies. (See Werewolf Th >
the Order of Reason, the forerunner of the Technoeracy. Although Syndicate leaders know of Pentex'se
Default — A subject marked for termination byEnforcers. them understand the source of its power ="
Disbursements — The division within the Syndicate their own affiliations with Pentex
that oversees the allocation and distribution of funding and "Polishing" — Slang term
capital for the entire Technocracy. , technomagickal) influence ove
Dispatch Center — A mundane front for Technoeratic Portfolio — A project (or:

operations. AB Financier's supe!

Drycleaning — Handling a problem without portfolio or two;

to violence. a they are), the
Enforcers —Street-level Syndicate operatives. forc- Pri
ers are often, but not always, part of the rank le of

1, Final Notice — An official order, given by a Chairman,
that initiates the process of termination for a Default.
Financiers — The division within the Syndicat
oversees the manipulation and direction of world
trade, stock markets, commodities brokering, curren
interest rates and all other aspects of international finance.
Fortune — The Syndicate's term for Reality. Also used in
the more general sense of the inherent unpredictability of
‘magickal manipulation or magick itself.
"Grand Financier" — The term used by Syndicate members
to refer to themselves, as opposed to "mage." Not to be confused.
with Financiers, who are members of a specific Syndicate division
involved in intemational monetary manipulation (4.0. Financiers).
Guild — The old (pre-Victorian) name for the Syndicate,
officially founded at the Convention ofthe White T rin 13: ®

valuable or susceptible individuals away
ventions or Traditions and into the Syndicate


A History of the Syndicate

Commerce is the great civilizer. We ex-
fa change ideas when we exchange fabrics.
—R.G. Ingersoll
Peter — The following transcript is a conver-
L_————} sation overheard between two Syndicate members
ina bar called McAuliffe's on Broad Street in the
(J Financial District, not far from Quincy Market.
The details of its transcription are not important,
save to note that no unaided ear would have
understood what the men were discussing. A baffle system muted
their words to normal listeners. Once I activated countermea-
sures, the conversation returned to clarity (see note).

The man referred to as "Charlie" is one Charles J. Redding,
Vice President in Charge of Collections for Proctor House
Investments. The other man, who is referred to as "Brian," is
one Brian Parnell, a licensed field collection agent for
CommonWealth Assurance Company. CommonWealth As-
surance is acollection agency owned and run by Proctor House.
Thave included this transcript to give you and the Chapter House
a better idea of the "official" history of the Syndicate, and to show
how they view themselves in the grand scheme of things. The
enclosed audio cassette is a recording of the same conversation.

{{{RECORDED 7AUG96 2200 HRS EST}}}

Parnell: Hello, Charlie. Thanks for coming.

Redding: Sure, Brian. Where've you been? You disap-
peared for nearly three days.

Parnell: In a minute. You need a drink first. (toward
bartender) Jessie, get my friend a drink, and freshen this
(sounds of ice rattling in glass).

Redding: Ok, Brian. Now what's the problem?

Parnell: The last assignment you gave me, that's the problem.

Redding: I read the report you sent me. I'm sorry about
what happened. The team I sent you fucked up.

Parnell: You're goddamn right. That psycho s.o.b.
cracked that woman's head clean open. Jesus Christ, Charlie,
there was blood everywhere—

Redding: Brian, keep your voice down, for Crissakes...
(baffle system activated; countermeasures followed; slight
break in conversation).

Parnell: Fuck it. It was bush league, Charlie. Where in
hell did you find those idiots?

Redding: They're members of the Double Eagle. Rus-
sian gang, runs out of Brighton. They think the only way to
make a name quick is to break heads.

Parnell: Well, they sure made a name. All over the
front page of The Herald.

Redding: Iknow, Brian, know. Don'tworry. I'vegotittaken
care of. Believe me, the Chairman called me on the carpet for it
yesterday. I'll fix it. They'll never connect you to anything, and
they'll never connect us, just like always. You know how it works.

14 Technocracy: Syndicate

Parnell: Yeah. That's how it always happens, doesn't it?

Redding: What do you mean?

Parnell: | mean the job. I've been doing this for you
for... how long have we known each other? Fifteen, 20 years?

Redding: Twenty-three years. What's up, Brian? I hate it
when people reminisce like this. It usually means something.

Parnell: It does. Read this (sound of paper rustling). It
explains everything.

Redding: (pause) You're resigning?

Parnell: Yes.

Redding: Youcan'tresign, Parnell. Youknow that. Thisisn't
the Book of the Month Club. You're in for life, you know. When
you became an Enforcer, you became one for the duration.

Parnell: I don't care, Charlie. | want out. I'm getting
out. If that means you have to send a couple of people, so be
it. I... can't do it anymore, Charlie.

Redding: Brian, you've been an Enforcer for over two
decades. You've been one of our best field operatives. That's
why the Chairman promoted you to team leader so fast.
You're well compensated, and you're well protected. You're
ashadow man, Brian. This thing that happened, it was bad,
but you've seen a lot worse over the years. Hell, you've done
a lot worse. Now you're telling me that you want to chuck
it all? What are you going to do, grow orchids?

Parnell: I don't know what I'm going to do. But one
thing I'm not going to do is keep ruining people's lives like
this. I can't do it, Charlie. I can't tear people out of their
homes anymore. I can't keep terrifying them anymore.

Redding: The people you deal with have already ru-
ined their own lives. They got themselves into debt, or
receivership, or they got addicted to drugs or gambling or
porn or whatever. It was a conscious choice they all made,
Brian. No one put a gun to their head at the beginning and
made them do lines; no one made them play the slots; no
one made them run up huge bills and say the hell with
paying them back. There are consequences to their actions,
no matter what they might fool themselves into thinking.
An Enforcer's job, in these situations, is to enforce those
consequences. This isn't the Salvation Army, for Chrissake.

Parnell: That's bullshit, Redding. This isn't business,
either. No legitimate business runs like this. The Syndicate's
a fucking crime empire. I'm not a collection agent; I'm a
headbreaker. I never cared about it, because I was just able to
threaten most people into paying up. And those heads I had
to break were pimps and dealers and the rest of the gutter
scum that deserved it anyway. But this last assignment really
opened my eyes. Maybe too late, but now I see what the
Syndicate really is. It's a sinkhole for people's spirits.

Redding: (sound of clapping) Author, author, Brian.
How many have you had before I got here?


IRV

Parnell: Enough.

Redding: Let me tell you something, Mister Parnell. I will
not accept your resignation, because if I do, then it is my duty
to report it to the Chairman. She will consider you a Default,
and soon after you will be Hollowed Out. Frankly, I don't want
to do that. And I don't think, after all is said and done, that
you're going to commit suicide by trying to leave. I know that
this last job traumatized you, and I understand how you feel.
Being an Enforcer is the dirtier side of the Syndicate in a lot of
ways. You doa lot of unenviable work: foreclosures, evictions,
shakedowns.... It gets to you; makes you wonder what it's all
for, why the hell the Syndicate operates the way it does.

Parnell: Tell me about it.

Redding: Actually, I will. And I think it'll put everything
into perspective. You see, Brian, the Enforcers aren't just a
glorified gang. They're the modern-day incarnation of a group
that goes back centuries. The Enforcers are a part of history,
Brian. Maybe if you hear what that history is, you'll be able to
understand why the Syndicate thinks and acts as it does.

Parnell: Is this going to be one of your classic long
stories?

Redding: Incredibly long.

Parnell: Then we'd better order another drink.

Greece and Rome
{{(RECORDED 7AUG96 2230 HRS EST}}}
Redding: To begin with, the Syndicate is not some big
crime cartel with a shiny front for the Masses. And it's not a
handful of fat bankers sitting on piles of money in bank vaults.
Don't get me wrong — we've dressed the Syndicate in both of
and many others, over the centuries, but what we

those image:
doand why wedo ithave much deeper roots than simple greed.

Parnell: How deep?

Redding: All the way back to ancient civilizations.
Think about it, Brian. Civilization, everything humanity has
created, everything humanity has accomplished, has been
tied to money in some way. The Egyptians, the Phoenicians,
all those early civilizations developed from trade and com-
merce. It's how they learned about each other, from trading
with peoples around the Mediterranean.

Parnell: And the Syndicate ran the trading routes?

Redding: Hardly. The Syndicate didn't even exist way
back when. But by the time of the Greeks and Romans, when
people had established advanced science, architecture and
government, trade guilds appeared. Not like the medieval
guilds, but associations of builders and architects that formed
in Athens and Sparta and Rome. These associations were
brotherhoods of workingmen, the men who built the temples
and streets and aqueducts. The earliest association the Syn-
dicate has records of, old scrolls in some archive somewhere,
is the Brotherhood of the Rule.

Parnell: And that was the Syndicate, ancient Roman
version?

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices 15


NO All

Redding: Sort of. You see, associations of
craftspeople — and it wasn't just builders and archi-
tects, there were bakers' associations, weavers'
associations, things like that — banded together in
ancient Greece and Rome to share their knowledge,
protect their secrets, teach each other skills, things like
that. These groups thought labor was sacred. They thought
the ability of man to take the raw materials of the Earth
and use his hands and his mind to create something that
was useful or essential or luxurious was a divine gift. So
they banded together to preserve their knowledge and
ass it on for future generations of workingmen

And the Brotherhood of the Rule was one of
these associations?

Redding: One of the first. It was founded in 715 B.C.,
one of the first associations to be formed and legally codified
by King Numa Pompilius of Rome. The Brotherhood was
one of the tignarii, the builders' associations. It helped build
the infrastructure of the Roman Empire — the roads,

Parnell;

aqueducts, forums and marketplaces... sort of a builders'
association for public works projects.

Parnell: The Brotherhood built everything? The
Appian Way, the Coliseum, everything?

Redding: Not everything, but a good deal of it. The
builders were some of the best architects in the ancient
ors in the

world. And they had some fantastic negotiz
Brotherhood. There was one Brother, called Cassius Ulixes,
who worked out contracts with the Roman Senate for the
construction of the aqueducts throughout the city. The
aqueducts are standing today. Hell, they're still in use in
some spots

Parnell: So what does that have to do with making
money?

Redding: It doesn't, Brian, not really. The point of the
Brotherhood of the Rule — the point of the entire Syndi-
cate — was to bring together these talented men, these
builders and architects, encourage them, protect them, get
them to use their tools and talent to better humanity.
Progress only happens when people use their potential to

make life better, more efficient, easier for everybody. Man

is never as noble as he is when he makes something useful

and gives it to his fellows. That is what pulls him forward,
what pushes him toward higher things.

The Dark Ages

Parnell: That'll look great on a greeting card, Charlie,
but how does this Brotherhood get to be you and me?

Redding: Well, when Rome fell, most of the tignarii
died out. The Brotherhood's members scattered through-
out Italy and Byzantium. They kept in contact with each
and information on

other, still forwarding innovations
architecture around the Mediterranean. The problem was
the Dark Ages itself.

Parnell: That Europe was ignorant and all that?

16 Technocracy: Syndicate


Redding: Yes, "all that" was the superstition and fear
that choked the advancement of European civilization for
centuries. When Rome fell, the protection of the garrisons
disappeared in the remote parts of the former empire. The
system of feudalism came about in order to provide that
protection, but that took centuries to develop. Trade with
the Middle East continued, but the prices were so high that
only the rich people could afford the goods exchanged. At
the top of that food chain sat Superstitionists, church
clerics, high priests, members of Hermetic Orders, and they
spread out all over Europe. They made deals, "covenants" if
you will, with the local populations. If the common folks
farmed the land, the priests and magicians would provide
protection from the other supernaturals, the vampires and
werewolves, that roamed the wilderness after Rome fell.
Obviously, these Superstitionists fed on people's fears about
what was lurking in the shadows in order to get them to
acquiesce faster to this setup.

Parnell: But it worked. Science and knowledge stopped
practically dead in their tracks all during the Dark Ages.

Redding: Precisely. And the people were miserable.
These Superstitionists were so self-absorbed in their own
little worlds and experiments that they ignored those whom
they were supposed to protect, whom they had made deals
with to protect. They were so worried about protecting
their own little pieces of real estate that society became a
living hell. Disease, crop failure, inefficiency were all the
norm. You've read about this sort of thing. Serfs toiling 14
hours on end, barely enough to feed their families, everyone
dying at 30 — all the product of fear and fantasies.

Parnell: So where were these Brothers? Just hiding out

for centuries?

Redding: Don't get me wrong, they were working in
secret, but the atmosphere was really hostile. A lot of the
old Roman associations had been absorbed by monasteries
and nunneries during the Dark Ages. Monks and nuns
availed themselves of secrets that surfaced after these asso-
ciations disbanded, and used the secrets to advance their
own ends. Ever wonder why the churches and cathedrals
were so much more ornate, so much better constructed,
than the common dwellings? They stole the secrets from us.

And then there were the purges. A couple of
Superstitionist covenants took itupon themselves to spread
out across Europe and hunt down the last few associations.
They sent out shock troops, groups of mercenaries and
bullies, to ransack old tignarii holdings and grab as much
information as they could.

Parnell: And keep it under wraps.

Redding: More like use it for their own purposes. These
covenant Superstitionists couldn't afford to let these old
associations thrive like they had during the old empire. It
was too risky to their personal covenant holdings. So they
enlisted help from Sleepers — brute squads, informers,
influential archbishops and cardinals — and began to purge

France and Italy of the old tignarii. The Inquisition got
involved, too, after they were told that the associations
were really just practicing Satanism and other heresies.
That wasn't true, of course, but who really needs proof in a
case like this?

Parnell: How bad did it get?

Redding: Pretty bad. They burned meetinghouses,
banished members and even executed a few housemasters
as heretics and apostates. A lot of the original Brotherhood
members were wiped out this way. Those who weren't took
what little knowledge they had left and fled to Moorish
Spain, where they shared and augmented their secrets with
the Arabic civilizations living there. A few members of the
Brotherhood remained in Europe, but they had burrowed so
far underground by this point that there was little commu-
nication among the individual members.

Parnell: And the Brotherhood itself died out officially.
But thatstill doesn't tell me where the Enforcers come from.

Redding: I'm getting to that. At the end of the millen-
nium, secret invitations were sent out across Europe and
Byzantium and into Moorish Spain to all the surviving
members of the Brotherhood of the Rule, inviting them to
asecret convocation. They were sent by the sole-surviving
Brother in the Holy Roman Empire, Wolfgang von Reisman.
Von Reisman had been watching the developments through-
out Europe, and decided that the time had come to take
action against the Superstitionist covenants. In 997, the
remnants of the old Brotherhood convened in the Gather-
ing of the Square, in the city of Frankfurt in the Holy
Roman Empire. I assume you've heard the name.

Parnell: The name, yes, but that's it.

Redding: The Gathering of the Square
meeting by the descendants of the Brotherhood, called to
discuss what they were going to do about these neglectful
covenants. Brothers came from all over Europe — mer-
chants from the trade fairs in Lyon, Brussels, London and
Rome; Brothers from Moorish Spain and northern Africa;
traders from Greece and Byzantium. The new millennium
was just around the corner, and von Reisman wanted to
start it by deposing the Superstitionists. He had been driven
out of his own keep by a bishop named Weidener, who
annexed von Reisman's holdings and took over lordship of
his tenants. It was a common practice — a lot of Brothers
who had holdings found themselves forcibly removed from
their lands.

was a secret

Parnell: So what happened with von Reisman?

Redding: He had disappeared for a long time. He
learned the alchemical secrets of longevity from some
colleagues in another guild — one that eventually became
the Progenitors — and altered his appearance. When he
called the Gathering of the Square, a lot of former Brothers
didn't recognize him by sight. He was still the same fire-
brand, though. Anyway, von Reisman pretty much directed
the discussion toward his line of thinking, which, if you ask

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices 17

ID.

W/OD

yy,

me, was more or less unanimous before it started. The
Masses were being treated like shit, kept in fear and igno-
rance by Superstitionists. Forget science and progress; most
people barely had enough to feed their families. Von Reisman
and the assembly banded together into a new order called
La Compagnia — better known as the Craftmasons.

You see, Brian, the Syndicate has always been con-
cerned with enabling humanity to rise above its fears. That's
what the Gathering of the Square was for, and that's what the
Craftmasons pledged themselves to do. They believed that
man had the ability to better himself and society without the
Arts of the old Hermetic Orders. But in order for man to get
to that point, the playing field had to be leveled.

Parnell: Makes sense.

Redding: And here is where the Enforcers start. One
Craftmason, an Englishman named Stephen Trevaine,
returned to England and set up a trade fair in Nottingham.
The problem was, he ran into trouble with the local lords,
afew of which were Superstitionists. They sent the law after
his trade fair, called St. Cedd's Market, and shut it down
soon after it got started. Trevaine was livid, and decided to
fight fire with fire. He organized a group of outlaws, men and
women who had been disenfranchised by the lords, and
sought revenge. They attacked the lords where it would
hurt the most: in their pocketbooks. Raiding parties, high-
way robbery, livestock theft — Trevaine's little army went
after everything. What they accumulated, they took a
percentage off the top, and gave the rest back to the starving
peasants.... What are you looking at me like that for?

Parnell: ‘Cause you're off your rocker, Charlie. You're
trying to tell me that Robin Hood existed? And he was an
Enforcer, for Crissakes? There's no way I'm going to believe
that. Robin Hood's a legend, a couple of bad movies; that's
it. You're nuts.

Redding: Oh really? How the hell do you think legends get
started, Brian? They're all based in some amount of fact, you
know. The Masses that Trevaine's army helped were in such a
wretched state they would have believed anything about these
men. All Trevaine needed to do was hire a couple of roaming
troubadours to make up stories about this avenging army, and it
caught on with the peasants and spread like wildfire. No, Brian,
there wasn't a real Robin Hood, but Trevaine's folks were
instrumental in giving some teeth to the legend. And most
importantly, they played a huge role in getting people out from
under the heel of the Superstitionists, at least in their minds.

Parnell: So I'm the legitimate successor to Errol Flynn
and his band of merry men?

Redding: Don't be a smartass. When other Craftmasons
saw the success Trevaine had with his paid army, they as-
sembled armies of their ownall over Europe. These mercenaries,
following the noble tradition of merchants' guardsmen, pro-
tected budding trade fairs from Superstitionist attacks. And it
worked, Brian. In the 11th and 12th centuries, merchant
guilds and trade fairs sprung up in Flanders and France. Just a

18 Technocracy: Syndicate

century after the Gathering, Wolfgang von Reisman helped to
get influential Craftmasons and other merchants together to
form the Hanseatic League. There were fairs and guilds in
Paris, Lyon and Bruges. Obviously, the Craftmasons didn't
found the entire network of trade fairs all over Europe, but the
first few successes were enough to encourage the Masses to
found their own. The mercenaries drove opposition away from
the fairs so that man could redevelop the trade and commerce
that had stagnated for centuries. They were all shadow men,
Brian. The potential was within the Masses from the start. All
it needed was a little push in the right direction.

Mistridge and the Schism

There is no fortress so strong that money cannot take it.
— Cicero

Redding: By the end of the 12th century, the
Craftmasons had made lots of progress, but they still en-
countered opposition from Superstitionists. The Masses
were so afraid of black magic — and no wonder, considering
some of the things the Superstitionists did — that anything
"different" was rooted out and burned. In 1189, the Council
of Rouen officially banned the existence of trade guilds
throughout Europe, claiming their secrecy was really a front
for Satanic practices. The major proponent of this procla-
mation was a Superstitionist named Sir Baldwin
Langenstrait, a major mover ina covenant called Mistridge.

Parnell: I've heard that name.

Redding: Well, Mistridge wasa covenant that had treated
the common folks worse than usual. There was little discipline
or internal control in Mistridge. Superstitionists went in-
sane... It was a mess. Stephen Trevaine and a few fellow
Craftmasons had watched Mistridge for decades. When
Langenstrait got the Council of Rouen to make its anti-guild
statement, that was the last straw. Trevaine contacted von
Reisman in Frankfurt and told him of the situation, and word
soon spread throughout the network of Craftmasons about the
treachery of Mistridge. The time had come to cancel Mistridge
permanently. In the winter of 1210, Trevaine and his fellow
Craftmasons led several mercenary armies and bands of peas-
ants in an attack on Mistridge. They used a cannon to break
down the walls and stormed the fortress. Baldwin Langenstrait
was delivered up to the Craftmasons'' justice, and the covenant
at Mistridge was broken. Itwasa momentous event, Brian. The
news of the fall of Mistridge spread throughout Europe. People
heard about the courage of a group of peasants rising up to
topple their oppressive protectors. Superstition and fear began,
at that precise moment in 1210, to lose its grip over humanity.
It looked like the Masses were ready to take their place as the
true masters of the world, and not the servants of fear.

Parnell: You sound disappointed about it. What do
you mean, "looked like?"

Redding: After Mistridge fell, the Craftmasons came
out from the shadows and started to build larger networks
across Europe. There was no real opposition from the


Superstitionists anymore, at least not as far as trade guilds
were concerned. They saw what had happened to Mistridge,
and they weren't about to risk the same thing happening to
them. Anyway, as v ying, the Craftmasons encouraged
commerce across the continent. Giacomo del Barba, a pow-
erful Venetian C
Artificers and other colleagues. He helped provide financing
for Marco Polo's expeditions. Polo was the one who got the
credit, met with Kublai Khan andall, butdel Barba paved the
way with his contacts in Cathay, making sure that Polo met
with Khan and that the two of them got along afterward. You
know that Polo's travels inspired every country in Europe to
start looking for a way to the East. We just made it a little
ful expedition. Polo would

aftmason, set up contacts in China with

easier for Polo to have a succe:
have reached China on his own, no doubt, but del Barba
stopped a lot of hassles from cropping up.

Parnell: And this was a bad thing?

Redding: No, it was a good thing, but it didn't have the
effect the Craftmasons wanted. When Polo came back and

related his experiences to merchants and rulers, everyone
jumped on the bandwagon. The Masses weren't interested in
getting to China and India for anything but silks and spices
Do you know what a leisure preference is?

and luxury goods.

Parnell: Yeah. It's when a person works only as long as
it takes to get enough money or goods to live comfortably.
After he finds his comfort zone, he'll stop working and just
live off what he's already made. Essentially, people only work
as long as they need to. They don't do it for work's sake.

Redding: Yes. The downfall of the Craftmasons was
their belief that people want to work and create for the sake
of the whole community, in order to better themselves.
That's an unnatural assumption. You see, the Craftmasons
thought that the victory at Mistridge was supposed to
inspire the Masses to seize the day, to take control of their
destiny. Maybe it did, for some, but not for the majority.
Parnell: Kind of sad, if you think about it. The
Craftmasons started out so concerned with the common

man, and in the end, the common man let them down.
Redding: That's not a bad way to put it. Anyway, this
revelation caused a split in the ranks. Several Craftmasons
realized the Masses' preference to live comfortably rather
than nobly, if you will. In 1325, this split prompted the
Craftmasons to call a meeting of their house and the houses

of their fellow philosopher-scientist colleagues together at
the Convention of the White Tower.

Parnell: And founded the Order of Reason. That
much I know.

Redding: Fair enough, but I'm betting that you don't
know about the heated arguments that occurred at the White
Tower. Trevaine had called the Convention in order to unite
would-be Technocrats from all over, so they could form a
new paradigm to help the Masses achieve their potential
without supernatural aid. Trouble is, Trevaine was pretty
much on his own. Von Reisman and del Barba were on the
other side of the Craftmason schism, arguing against helping
the Masses that didn't seem to want to be helped.

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices 19


IX 7 ||

\

B

Parnell: But I thought the Order of Reason was still
founded on trying to help the Masses?

Redding: It was. It still is. The problem is — and this is
what started the whole Craftmason schism — what happens
when the Masses don't want to be helped, because they're
afraid to take too much ofa risk? That's what the argument was
trong enough that the
Craftmasons formally split into two groups within the Order of
Reason: the Craftmasons (who sided with Trevaine and the
Guild), and the Grand Financiers like von Reisman and del
Barba (who took a more realistic view toward the Masses).

all about at the Convention. It w:

The Renaissance

{{{RECORDED 8AUG96 0015 HRS EST}}}

(Delete long debate about medieval trade routes and tech-
nology circa 900-1400. No significant mention of the
Craftmasons during said debate.)

Parnell: Okay, but you can't argue that the Masses
didn't progress at all. There must have been some risk-
takers, or else we'd still all be living in houses with thatched

roofs and dying at 30, to use your words.

Redding: Of course, of course. Actually, despite their
differences in philosophy, the Craftmasons and the Guild
managed to work together for a couple of centuries. The Age of
Exploration was a perfect example. Craftmasons encouraged
explorers and rulers to authorize expeditions for a quick route
east, and Grand Financiers underwrote a lot of these voyages.
Regardless of the schism, everyone on both sides knew that

commerce was the key to uniting the world, and not just
economically. Commerce and trade brings cultures together,

initiates political alliances, essentially glues the globe together.

Parnell: So what happened?

Redding: The two groups grew further and further apart,
though, and the Guild took center stage during the Renais-
sance. Grand Financiers directed the flow of resources gained
from the New World, and several merchant houses sprang up
across Europe that pretty much ran the continent's economy,
like the Medicis in Florence and the Fuggers in Austria.

Parnell: They were Grand Financiers?

Redding: No, but they employed some of them. Von
Reisman, for example, was a close advisor to Jakob Fugger, the
patriarch of the Fugger banking chain. He helped the Fuggers
negotiate a series of loans and financed wars for Charles V, the
Holy Roman Emperor at the time. You see, Charles V was the
head of the Hapsburg royal line, and because all those royal
houses intermarried, he ruled over two-thirds of Europe —
Spain, the Holy Roman Empire, Austria, Belgium —andhis in-
laws ruled the rest of the continent. The Fuggers financed it all.

Parnell: Talk about putting all your eggs in one basket.

Redding: Uh-huh. And when Charles refused to pay back
some of the loans, the Fuggers threatened to expose his finances
to the other rulers. Charles would've been ruined both finan-
cially and in reputation because a lot of those loans were for wars
against hisown in-laws. Von Reisman and company saw to that.
It was obvious what the Hapsburgs were doing with all their
arranged marriages, trying to dominate Europe with their family

~_

L\
i \

JD

f' \

A

=
=
=
=

we


tree. All the Grand Financiers did was set up the same kind of
network for the Fuggers. When Charles balked on the loans, the
Guild was all set to ruin him. He backpedaled really fast.
Parnell: What about the Medicis? Was that del Barba?
Redding: No, del Barba was from Venice, remember,
and all those city-states in Italy didn't necessarily get along
with each other. There was a Grand Financier called Niccolo
Sanpietro, from Florence, who had influence with the Pa-
pacy. When the Medicis got powerful enough, Sanpietro
gave both money and armed Enforcers to the Papacy—
Parnell: Wait a minute. The Pope had an army?
Redding: The Papal States were their own country at this
time. Countries need armies, especially when they goto warevery
other week like they did in the Renaissance. Sanpietro was a
sponsor of Enforcer mercenaries from Switzerland, whom he
placed at the disposal of the Pope. They were Swiss, so they
augmented the Swiss Guards. And when the Medicis got rich
enough that they bought the Papal office, and Giulio Medici
became Pope Clement VII, the Medicis had control of the
religious half of Europe for a while, too. So you have von Reisman
etal. helping control the finances of the most powerful royal house
in Europe, and Sanpietro and his Swiss Enforcers acting as the
military arm of the Medici popes. It's a lot like things are today,
actually. A financial sideandan enforcementside. I'm thefinancial;
you're the enforcement. There's about 500 years of precedent.
Parnell: So what? Just because this arrangement's
existed for 500 years or so doesn't make what happened on
my last assignment any better. I'm not convinced, Charlie.
Redding: Goddamnit, Parnell, you have to look at the
bottom line here. Okay, the Enforcers have been pushing
people around for centuries. That's what they do. But they do
it for a reason. The Masses don't feel like they have to pay
their bills. They like to think they can get something for
nothing. Well you can't get something for nothing, Brian.
Even kings had to learn that, and the Fuggers taught Charles
V the lesson. Everything has its price, and that price has to
be paid. The Guild made sure of that at the outset, by not
giving into the most powerful emperor in Europe. They had
totake a stand; otherwise everyone would keep thinking that
they could take and take without paying. That's wrong. The
Guild founded networks of finance and trade throughout
Europe, invested in the New World, advised kings and
emperors and all that, but they always got paid for their
services. Don't sit there and think that the Guild would've
been happier ruining the European economy. That's what
the whole point of the Order of Reason, to make sure the
Masses could better themselves. But that betterment isn't
going to fall into the Masses' laps. It's got to be paid for. It's
only fair that it be paid for. That's where the Guild was
coming from. That's where the Syndicate still ultimately
comes from, the idea that everything has value, even progress.
And that value has to be acknowledged and paid for.
Parnell: But what about the Craftmasons? What about
their concern for the common man? I know there was a

falling out within the order, but still... isn't the concept of
furthering the course of humanity enough repayment?

Redding: Get real, Brian. The Masses have to appreciate
what they have and what they can become before anyone gets
altruistic about progress. They don't appreciate what they are,
they never have. The Masses just want food, clothes, a roof over
their heads, and 500 cable channels. Frankly, the only reason
they keep inventing and innovating is to get those things
quicker and easier. The Masses aren't interested in looking past
thenoseson their faces. Jesus, look at what's out there nowadays.
Lookat thestuffon TV, at the stuff in the stores. They don'tneed
95% of that stuff. But they want it. They keep buying it. No one's
making them buy videogamesor bread makers. Butaslongasthey
keep wanting it, the Syndicate's going to make them pay for it.

Parnell: You make it sound like the Syndicate has
nothing but contempt for the Masses.

Redding: No, it's not contempt. It's a pragmatic out-
look. That's how people act nowadays. That's reality, and
that's what we're tapping into.

Parnell: Youstill haven't answered my question. What
about the Craftmasons? What happened to them?

Redding: They hung on throughout the Renaissance, but
they did it only through the good graces of the opposition, if you
take my meaning. The Guild was becoming more powerful, and
the other Conventions were tiring of the Craftmasons' proto-
socialism. Like I said before, they overestimated the
ambition. In 1649, a sort of socialistic commune called the
Diggers, made up of small farmers, went around occupying and
even cultivating the fields of local landowners. Stephen
Trevaine's great-grandson got the Craftmasons to back the
Diggers and sent mercenary Enforcers to support the farmers.
Needless to say, the Guild and the rest of the Order of Reason
supported the landowners. This showdown lasted over 20 years,
through Cromwellian England, the Restoration, the Great
Plague and Great Fire of London. But the Craftmasons were no
match against the entire Order of Reason. The Order routed the
Craftmasons in 1670, and the Craftmasons were destroyed.

Parnell: Sounds a little melodramatic.

Redding: Somewhat. Trevaine is sort of like the Rob-
ert E. Lee of the Syndicate, a good man and a brilliant
Grand Financier who wound up on the wrong side in the
end. It doesn't make him any less heroic or visionary. I
mean, if it wasn't for the Craftmasons, the Masses never
would have gotten out of the Dark Ages, ina lot of respects.
But the reality the Masses built for themselves no longer
matched the Craftmasons' vision. Unfortunate, but true.

Parnell: Neat story. Why isn't it partof Technocracy 101?

Redding: The goddamned Ivory Tower spooks don't like
to talk about the Craftmasons or the Templars, either. They
had them both purged from the "official" records, even though
thestoriesstill exist. The NWO doesn't like that. Those stories
make it look like we kill our own when they get out of line.

Parnell: And we don't?

Redding: Sometimes that's the fortunes of war.

Masses'

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices

IDVWDK

LZ XY

eA ||

The ModernEra

Parnell: (after a long pause) By the time the
Craftmasons were abolished, the Industrial Revolution had
started up, I guess.

Redding: Close on its heels, at any rate. The Guild had
been expanding credit networks and foreign investment all
along. Dutch, Portuguese and English traders carried our
folks into the Far East and Africa; in turn, they set up shop
on millennia-old trade routes and worked their way into the
outlaw clans — the yakuza, the triads, the leopard societies
and even some ninja...

Parnell: Ninja? Oh, Christ, Charlie. Now I know
you're on crack. Ninja?

Redding: Parnell, you've been doing this how long again?

Parnell: Twenty-three years.

Redding: And you mean to tell me with all the stuff
you've seen and done, you find ninja hard to believe in?

Parnell: Good point. Sorry.

Redding: Anyway, our folks — guys like de Bount,
Alexander Florian and Sir Charles Rey — worked their way
into the existing structures overseas. Essentially, they said,
"Hey, we're all doing the same thing. Why don't we work
together?" It was never that easy, of course, but money talks.
And when money doesn't, force and guile do.

Parnell: Great legacy we have. You're doing a wonder-
ful job, Charlie.

Redding: Wiseass. You're right, though. We do have an
impressive pedigree. Our people built and strengthened the
economy of the modern world. Doesn't that sound impressive?

The Syndicate has history all around. Look at where we
work. Remember the story of Mistridge? Okay, listen: In
1704, a Grand Financier named Reginald Proctor stepped
in with the Guild's blessing, and took over the defunct
community at Mistridge, reshaping it in the Guild's image.
Five years later, he founded a small investment firm in
London, and a year later a branch office here in Boston,
Proctor House, our esteemed employer.

Parnell: [ take it Proctor House was involved in the
Industrial Revolution from the start?

Redding: Investors all over Europe were involved in it.
Governments provided support; banks provided seed money,
and Grand Financiers like Proctor funded improvements in
technology and innovations in areas like steam power, auto-
mation, things like that. Stock companies promoted
investments in colonies in Asia and Africa. Proctor House
gave seed money to Artificers to invent power looms, primitive
computers, things like that. The Masses were well on their way
to making a capitalist society. When Adam Smith published
his treatise on the benefits of a capitalist economy, The Wealth
of Nations in 1776, that economy had already been a reality for
centuries. Proctor House helped to promote the book among
its colleagues in the English government, and other Grand
Financiers took Smith's work and spread it around Europe.

22 Technocracy: Syndicate

Parnell: Okay, but what about all the unions that
popped up a few years later? I may be wrong, but from what
you've told me, I doubt the Guild was at all happy about
people smashing machines and yelling for eight-hour days.

Redding: It was and it wasn't. The Guild realized that
even unions could be used to their advantage. It took a while
toget the message, though. Atfirst, the Guild acted like you'd
expect — sending in Enforcers to stop workers from union-
izing, employing strikebreakers, using contacts in the police
to arrest leaders, that sort of thing. Sooner or later, though,
the Guild realized it was wasting energy trying to stop unions
from organizing. Fortune has momentum, and it doesn't care
who stands in its way. For a while, we resisted something
whose time had come, and we were losing.

The real problem came with the Order of Reason itself —
ithad become corruptand inefficient. The other Conventions
had concentrated on inventions and scientific innovations,
and had essentially left it up to the Guild to sell the technology
to the Masses. That only worked for so long; after a while, the
Masses got fed up with modernization. You've read Dickens
and similar authors. Squalor, overcrowding, disease, unem-
ployment — the Order had turned into something like a huge
Superstitionist covenant. The Masses began to lose faith in
technology and science. They started to dabble in spiritualism
and things like that, which gave Superstitionists a huge boost
in the waning years of the 19th century.

Parnell: The whole system started to lose ground.

Redding: Precisely. The Guild tried to work with what tools
it had at its disposal, but fighting unions was counterproductive.
When Marx wrote the Communist Manifesto in 1848, it put the
fear of God into every Grand Financier. It was call fora return
to the Dark Ages in a lot of ways. The Guild kept trying to
staunch the bleeding. They even had a couple of Enforcer
battalions operating as espionage brigades during the American
Civil War, which was really a war between the industrialized
North and the quasi-feudal South. It wasn't enough. The Order
of Reason wasn't equipped to handle the Masses any longer.

The Syndicate

Parnell: And that's where the Technocratic Union
came from.

Redding: Exactly. Reginald Proctor went to Queen
Victoria and convinced her to set up a body called the
Grand Council of World Government in 1885, which
evolved into the Technocratic Union by 1900. The groups
in the Order of Reason reorganized themselves under this
new scheme, including the Guild...

Parnell: Which became the Syndicate.

Redding: Right, with the Board in charge. But after
Victoria died in 1901, the Syndicate fell into internal quarrel-
ing over the direction it was going to take within the larger
Technocracy. Grand Financiers started to compete against
each other. Since a lot of them were involved in colonial
administration, they used their influence in the colonies to put


pressure on European and American governments. It became
aturf war. Unfortunately, the governments and royal houses of
Europe got involved, and pretty soon you had World War I.

Parnell: Because of this fragmentation among Grand
Financiers?

Redding: No, World War I was strictly the purview of
the Masses. The dissension inside the Syndicate didn't help
matters, though. And the worldwide depression a few years
later was largely the Syndicate's doing.

Parnell: Oh, really? What purpose did that serve?

Redding: The Syndicate didn'tcause iton purpose, Pamell.
When you have a bunch of Grand Financiers trying to screw
each other over, and using their control of a world financial
network to do it, there's always the danger of the whole system
collapsing. Well, it did. This internal fighting blinded every
Grand Financier. The global economy is not a weapon.
Everything has consequences, remember? They learned that a
little too late. You can imagine how it works — A wants to get
back at B, sohe convinces C, Dand E, all of whom own or have
control over large companies, to do something to the stock
market that throws B into a panic over his own company. So
B tries to counter the move by getting F, G and H to support
him. Stocks start flowing like water, and before you know it,
the mundane investors are panicking themselves, so they start
selling their shares in A through H, and presto — one Great
Depression. The network is so complicated and depends on
smooth functioning from all corners, that it can't be put at the
mercy of a bunch of Grand Financiers holding grudges.

Parnell: That must have taught everyone a lesson.

Redding: No kidding. The folks who started the whole
mess were ruined. Some of them managed to sneak in under
the wire and grab enough wealth before the whole structure
collapsed. Believe me, the Board went after them.

Parnell: Wait, wait. How did they sneak in under the wire?

Redding: A couple of ways. A few got involved in currency
speculation right before the massive inflation hita lotofcountries,
especially Germany. They simply knew when to buy and sell
worldwide currency to ensure that they'd stay afloat while every-
one else around them was going under. Another way these
renegades kept solvent was to immerse themselves completely in
the underworld. Prohibition was the law of the land here in
America, remember, anda lot of Grand Financiers tumed torum-
running and smuggling across the border. Soon they took lessons
from the guys over in the Far East and set themselves up running
vice rings, prostitution, gambling, that sort of thing.

Al Capone's a good example. He wasn't a member of the
Syndicate per se, but he had ties and taught a lot of our guys how
torun business. One friend ofhis,amannamed Riordan A verdale,
controlled a large chunk of Boston's underworld during Prohibi-
tion. He used to work for Proctor House, as a matter of fact.

Parnell: And he was one of these rogue Financiers?

Redding: Yes. Averdale disappeared for a year or so and
resurfaced as the head of the Emerald Syndicate, which
essentially controlled the booze smuggling here in Boston

NW
IVWDZ
during the ‘20s and early ‘30s. Averdale wasn't shy about who x
he was, either. The Emerald Syndicate was pretty brutal in
South Boston and Charlestown, fighting with other Irish and
Italian gangs over turf and profits and such. When papers
talked about "the syndicate," they usually meant Averdale.
The term wormed its way into street lingo. Even today, the
word "syndicate" has unsavory overtones. It's a perfectly
respectable word that got tied up with all these gangs during
Prohibition, gangs just like Averdale's. The Sixth Borough
Syndicate in New York, the Peachtree 42 Syndicate in
Atlanta, the Walnut Street Syndicate in Philly — they all
got these names from renegade Syndicate members.
Parnell: That must have been a big headache for the
real Syndicate.
Redding: It w:
Parnell: So how did the Depression end? Did the Syndicate
fix what happened, or did things just get better on their own?
Redding: Oh, no, the Syndicate fixed it. It wasn't going
to get fixed on its own, that was certain. Grand Financiers like

Joseph von Reisman — Wolfgang's descendant —and Proctor
and old del Barba went to work trying to turn the world
economies back around. It was a lot of work, but eventually
things got better. Von Reisman was probably most successful
in Germany. He leda group of businessmen who supported the
Nazi rise to power, and when Hitler got elected in 1933, von
Reisman threw his full weight behind Germany's economy.
Hecouldn't have done it before —the political situation atthe
time was too unstable and the German people didn't want to
have anything to do with business, frankly. They were too busy
trying to survive from one day to the next.

Parnell: So how did von Reisman do it?

Redding: Simple, really. Actually, Hitler did most of the
work. This is going to sound crazy, but Hitler had one real
passion: cars. Von Reisman encouraged der Fiihrer to build up
the automotive industry first. That kick-started everything
else. See, the automotive industry, it depends on a lot on
other industries — steel, glass, electronics, petroleum, rub-
ber, things like that. If you encourage automotive production,
you get these other industries going by default. Throw in a
little creative Adjustment, and suddenly you have huge parts
of the infrastructure working again. The country starts pro-
ducing, people start buying, inflation plummets. Von Reisman
helped turn the economy around in only three years. Simple,
if you know what you're doing. Do enough of this sort of
artificial stimulation in enough key industries around the
world, and the world's finances get back on track.

Parnell: I guess so. What about the renegades like
Averdale and those people? How did the Syndicate manage
to deal with them?

Redding: Enforcers. This time, a lot of Enforcers worked
on the side of the law. Once Capone was brought down by the
Untouchables, the Syndicate marshaled its Enforcers and
went after the "syndicates" across the country. You know
Michael Cyprian?

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices 23


NO All

WN

Parnell: Yeah, he was an inspector for the Boston
Police Department.

Redding: Well, he led the charge in ‘31 against the
Emerald Syndicate. Inspector Cyprian cleaned out Averdale
and his network here. Averdale was killed in a gunfight in
South Boston on St. Patrick's Day, 1933. They called it St.
Michael's Revenge. He had Averdale Hollowed Out by a
group of Enforcers, some of whom were double agents in the
Emerald Syndicate. This sort of thing happened all over the
country during the early ‘30s, Enforcers on the side of the
law going after Enforcers in the criminal underworld.

Parnell: But when Prohibition stopped, what hap-
pened? I mean, how did the Syndicate itself get into
organized crime? Did they miss any Averdales?

Redding: No, we didn't. We simply filled the vacuum
in the vice economies created by the departure of Averdale
and his ilk. The Syndicate's never passed up an opportunity
to direct the way the Masses spend money and the things
they spend it on.

Talready told you about our interests in the Far East. Over
there, they've got a different outlook on organized crime than
we have here in America. In China and Japan, and Italy too,
for that matter, the gangs started as rebellions against tyrants,
kind of like Stephen Trevaine and his bunch. They supported
thecommon people, made them feel safe. In turn, they profited
from the people's vices. It was a fair trade considering that they
had to put their lives on the line. Ever heard of the Death of a
Thousand Cuts? It's one of the ways Chinese emperors used to
punish people who crossed them, and it wasn't pretty. Consid-
ering what the outlaw clans had to risk, no one except the
government saw anything wrong with what they were doing.
People have needs. The Syndicate fills them.

Parnell: Jesus, Charlie, it's exactly what I've been
saying all along. It isa whole damned crime empire. You just
proved my point.

Redding: No, | didn't. Just let me finish. By the time
the Syndicate finished cleaning house, World War II had
begun. Now, you know how the economy picks up during
wartime, what with production and all. The Syndicate rode
that wave throughout the war years. When von Reisman
pulled the rug out from under Hitler's war machine, the
machine shattered; when Andrew Brucilli, an Italian-
American Enforcer, said, "Block the docks," the Italian
families shut the docks down. We helped trash the Axis,
Parnell. I'd call that something to be proud of.

Naturally, someone had to pay the troops. They say
von Reisman took care of that. You want to know where all
the Nazi gold went, all the art treasures and jewelry? Most
of it went to pay for the war effort. The rest got stockpiled.
It's sitting in vaults in Switzerland — our vaults.

Parnell: Charlie, that gold and that money was from
victims of the Nazi war machine. You mean the Syndicate's
been sitting on itall these years, and they haven't given it back?

24 Technocracy: Syndicate

Redding: So what? We didn't steal it. We just got asked
to hold it for a while. That's how any Swiss bank works.
There are rules that have to be followed. We didn't make
them, but we're going to follow them.

Parnell: But, Charlie...

Redding: But nothing, Brian. What would you like the
Syndicate to do? Say that our banks aren't going to handle
people's money for them? Money is money, no matter how
it's earned, begged, borrowed or stolen. If the Syndicate
starts saying that one person's money isn't as good or as
worthy as another's, the whole concept of money as a
measure of value goes straight to hell. That's how the global
economy works, Brian. It's been working like that fora long
time. Money has the same value for everyone.

Parnell: But it's been stolen, Charlie. Stolen by people
like me. How does that figure into your "global economy" plan?

Redding: That brings me to my final point, Brian.
Trust me. It makes sense. Take out your wallet. How much
cash do you have in there?

Parnell: Ninety dollars.

Redding: You have an ATM card?

Parnell: Yes.

Redding: You have credit cards?

Parnell: What do you think I do, barter?

Redding: Okay. What happens if you leave here to-
night and get mugged? What's the mugger going to get?
He'll get 90 dollars, but that's all. You'll call the police
Then you'll call your credit-card companies' hotlines, open
24-7, and they'll cancel the cards so the mugger can't use
them. It's safer, don't you think, than carrying cash around?

Parnell: Yeah, it is. Where is this going?

Redding: Think about it, Brian. How many things do you
pay cash for anymore? You write checks to pay bills. You use
credit cards for large purchases. You use debit cards to pay for
groceries and things like that. Is there any physical money
involved?No, it'sall just moving numbers around. It's quick and
easy, and it's getting easier everyday. Don't you agree? Admit it.
It's safer than walking around with a wallet full of hundreds.

Parnell: (laughs) It is dangerous out there, and I sure
as hell don't make it any safer.

Redding: That's the whole point of what the Syndicate is
aiming for, Brian —a cashless society. A society where people
never have to worry about getting robbed on the street, where
banks aren't being held up, where safes aren't being cracked.
The Masses want to feel safe; they want to know that their
livelihoods are protected where the bad guys can't get at them.

Your work is important to that goal, Brian. The fear of
Enforcers and street gangs and crime gets people to accept
the idea of a cashless society. People work hard to get the
money to live on, and they don't want it taken from them.
Things like direct deposit, instant credit, savings insurance,
they all give the Masses that security. The Enforcers con-
vince the Masses that they need that type of security, our


type of security, in credit cards and homeowner's insurance.
Sometimes you have to slap someone in the face to get them
to wake up and see what's right in front of them.

Parnell: Hmm... Maybe you're right.

Redding: We're right, Brian. What we do is right. The
Bottom Line isa reality that the Masses acceptandare willing
to embrace. The Syndicate knows that money is the one

reality that the Masses have embraced since day one. It gives
them what they want, a feeling of objective value. We give
them the opportunity to increase that value, but there's
always a price placed on it. If there wasn't, money would lose
its power and we'd all be back to trading livestock for things.
We'd be back to the Dark Ages. But the catch is that cash is
a tangible object, and in that guise, it's easy to lose or steal,
and hard to control. Numbers aren't. Value isn't. Formulas
follow set patterns. That's what the Syndicate strives for, a
system where the Masses' worth is guaranteed. You can't mug
abank statement and you can't pay fora house with suitcases
full of money. It's just not done. Our Syndicate has always
prided itself on giving the common man a sense of personal
value. The cashless society is the ultimate evolution of that
value.... Has anything I've said tonight made sense to you?
We're not the Boy Scouts, Brian. Business is business.

Parnell: (long pause) Yeah, yeah, I see your point. I
still feel bad about what happened with that last job,
though. Charlie, it wasn't a good scene at all.

Redding: I know, Brian. But we've taken care of it
This'll pass. They all do.

Parnell: Uh-huh.

Redding: But do you see where you fit into things? You
understand how the Syndicate got to be what it is? A lot of it
seemscontradictory on the surface, | understand that. Butdo you
at least see how deceptive those surface appearances really are?

Parnell: Yes I do, Charlie. | really do.

Redding: Good. And you're not going to resign?

Parnell: No, I'm not. When you put it like you did, I
can see that it makes sense.

Redding: Good. I'd've hated to lose you, Brian. Do |
need to keep an eye on you?

Parnell: Nah, I'm okay. There isn't much point in
fighting the

‘em, or the Syndicate, I guess.

Redding: Smart. Hey, why don't you take some time
off? Take two, three weeks. Come back refreshed. You'll
have forgotten all about this.

Parnell: | think I will.... Thanks, Charlie.

Redding: No sweat. Anytime.
sus, it's nearly 2 A.M.

Redding: Yeah, | know. Go home and get some sleep.
I've got the tab.

Parnell: Oh? Which card? (laughing)

{({{END TRANSCRIPT 8AUG96 0145 HRSEST}}}

Parnell:

Chapter One: A Word from the Head Offices 25

RD

\ <=

(43

\W Se

Wam™


Chapter Two:

Our Rank
and File

These people are so conglomerate that one small withdrawal
and Switzerland goes Third World
— Edina, Absolutely Fabulous

To: "John Courage"
From: "sam Adams"
Ref: Our Little Deal
"John," old buday!
Your deposit went through as planned. It's always nice to have a few million extra,
and I thank you for your interest. Now it's ny turn. I dashed off a few quick words

on internal affairs for ya. Forgive the Corporate lingo. It's habit. Do with this
what you will. I'm outta here!

3

Hey, just keep this Stuff"out of the wrong hands, kKnowhatimean? Not like they
can trace it (triple eneryption works wonders, and I've trashed'al1 records of it
on my HD), but this is a pretty serious breach of Protocol, buddy.
with this and the Spanish Inquisition will look like a Cub Scouts'
of the loop, old man. You're on your own as of now.

You get caught
meeting. I'm out

BIW, why'd you choose Such a shitty beer as a moniker, anyhow? ;-)
Stay healthy, bro!
ar

Chapter Two: Our Rank and File 27


NO Ail

Human Resources:

Organization and Recruitment

An idealist is one who helps the other fellow
to make a profit.

— Henry Ford

The business of making money and con-
trolling the flow of international revenue isn't
as simple as opening a business and letting the
market take its course. External factors un-
imaginable to the Masses can hamstring a
Syndicate operation quickly and irreparably.
In light of this undeniable fact, it is imperative that we obtain
the services of competent and manageable individuals.

Providers:
The Ground Floor

Grand Financiers cannot act alone. Mundane employ-
ees — called "Providers," "Staples" or "Our Friends" for their
essential role in our operations — enforce, compile and
disseminate our operations across the globe. Their skills and
activities reach across the spectrum of business, entertain-
mentand illicit activities. A resourceful office manager is as
valuable as a sharpshooter, and costs far less to maintain.

The Syndicate is a business, and like any business it
requires efficient people to assist in its administration. An
army of Enlightened personnel would be hard pressed to
manage trade on a global scale, so the bulk of such "grunt
work" falls to our trained and capable staff. Accountants,
tellers, loan officers and other money handlers manage the
vast sums at our disposal. Secretaries, receptionists, PR
managers, data-entry specialists, security guards, maids and
butlers keep the wheels running smoothly. On the higher
levels, executives; brokers; girl Fridays; intelligence agents
and economic prognosticators maintain our immense net-
work of connections, predictions and operations, executing
our will through millions of discrete dispatch centers. The
sum total of their efforts spirals upward to our Enlightened
Associates, to be sorted out by Adjustments and advanced
Devices. On the whole, however, our prime efforts come
through the un-Enlightened ranks.

Providers in "the streets" take care of the Syndicate's
more-hazardous concerns. Hitmen, runners, bookies, pros-
titutes, skilled thieves, detectives, gangsters, cops, growers
and brute muscle handle the scut work, leaving more-
talented Associates to concentrate on running the business.
Our underground operations are not simply profitable; in
the long run, they are good for business. As people fear the
criminal, they put more faith in the systems that protect
them from him — systems we, of course, control.

28 Technocracy: Syndicate

The Syndicate believes in good pay for good work; it
also believes in economy. Many of our ground-floor recruits
begin desperately in debt. Having run up accounts they
cannot pay, they come to us eager for work — any kind of
work. In time, they may earn salaries commensurate with
theirambition andskill. In the beginning, however, we find
it cost-effective to hire those who have proven their finan-
cial ineptitude. Given time, they will learn to be more
productive. If and when a Staple proves her worth, the
rewards will come.

TO: Felix Randall, Headhunter
FROM: Jerry Elliott, Arrears © .
RE: Case #45634KAW — WALKER, Kelly Anne

Felix; -
j | think Ive found a perfect candidate to fill that
hole we've got in MIS. Here's the skinny:

secretarial
\ WALKER, Kelly Anne
pos: 3/16/75
CURRENT OCCUPATION: Student, Hallenbeck
University, Southford, MA ‘

CURRENT DEBT ACCUMULATION:
OraclePlus Card: $2,456.64
PyroCash DebitCard: $567.87
Premium Platinum Card: $1,244.80
Shannon‘s Department Store Charge Card:
"$6,433.50
Miracle Mile GasCard: $342.00
Salliu Student Loans: $1 5,566.53
TOTAL ACCUMULATED DEBT: $26,611.34
This one's a beaut, isn't she? No full-time job,
and she's close to maxing out five ofourcards. Good
transcripts, though, and close toaBA in age
management. If she's as smart as her rors indi-
cate, she's sweating right now. Im assuming you
want the final notice letter sent out. Vd move in on

this one fast.
Give my best to Sarah and the kids.

Jer.

Headhunters:
The Middlemen

Naturally, the recruitment of such a vast force is an
undertaking in and of itself. Our "Headhunters" fill this role
admirably, scanning credit records, school transcripts and
work histories for potential Providers — and for the occa-
sional Enlightened or near-Enlightened Associate recruit.

Our operations require only the best personnel. Head-
hunters possess special talents (often, but not always, based
in Enlightened understanding and Adjustments) that allow
them to seek and recognize the best man for the job. When
a promising recruit has been found, the Headhunter uses
whatever combination of friendliness, threat, coercion or
greed seems most appropriate. Everyone has different but-
tons; any Headhunter worth the name knows which buttons
to push to bring a talented Provider into the fold.

The modern world offers a rich field for these "Reapers
of Men." College campuses, work-study programs, credit
counseling services, welfare and employment agencies pro-
vide the bulk of our legitimate Providers. Graduate student
programs, laboratories, trade schools and patent offices lead
Headhunters to our more-scientific Providers, the ones who
construct our lesser gadgets and maintain our facilities. Film
schools, newsrooms, talent agencies and art schools provide
Media Control with an endless supply of willing Staples.
Finally, gangs, crime families, orphanages, runaway shelters,

impoverished or war-torn areas, even mental-health facili-
ties make excellent recruiting grounds for illicit operations.
These fertile pastures breed the kind of desperation and rage
that fuel the perfect "Friend"; a Provider plucked from such
ahellhole is often far more loyal to her Headhunter than an
The recruiter is her friend —

employee who works for mone)
often the first friend she's had in quite some time.

Braindraining

Sometimes the best man for the job is right under your
nose. Headhunters recognize that prior "affiliations" do not
preclude a potential employee from joining our Syndicate.
Hiring a mundane worker away from a mundane company
is easy; Headhunting an Enlightened individual is more
difficult, but not impossible.

Hiring a newly Enlightened staffer is easy. Blinded by
the dazzling insight that comes with higher awareness, most
so-called "Orphans" need some kind of guidance and incen-
tive. Otherwise, they tend to self-destruct. Between the
material rewards we can offer, the pressures we can exert
and the logic behind our mission statement, a Headhunter
pursuing an Orphan has a fine chance of success.

Poaching a so-called "mage" from the ranks of our
rivals (or our fellow Conventions) is a more-serious task.
"Braindraining" an Enlightened individual requires persua-
sion, cleverness, psychology, an open hand, and the


< Al

WZ N

occasional mailed fist. The trick is discovering which com-
bination of greed, idealism and fear works best for a given
recruit. Everyone, mages included, needs to eat.

The most direct form of Braindraining involves an
open offer of money and materials. Technomancers are the
easiest targets for such incentives—a Virtual Adept or Son
will gladly join a
alth and unlimited
research facilities. The progressive mindset of such "mages"
makes it easy to appeal to their vanity, too. A quick rehash
of the mission statement with lots of emphasis on "the

of Ether (see attached descriptions

corporation that offers him security, w

common good" makes a very attractive sales pitch.
Superstitionists are more-challenging targets. Though
the "good of mankind" (or as many of them will insist,
"humanity") speech is more effective than raw cash, the most
primitive revivalists have vices and fears that a Headhunter
can exploit. The so-called "Ecstasy Cultists
stimulation; this makes them easy prey for addiction, fame or
imprisonment. The New Age movement (exploited to the
hilt by many "mage societies") has proven to be an excellent

crave drugs and

avenue for cheap publications and dime-store "enlighten-
and mundane alike, want to
believe in the paranormal so badly that one can sell them any

ment." Many people, mage

cheap bill of goods and expect a good return. It's an easy

matter to convince a recruit that she's working "for the inner
dhunter

Brahma" or some such nonsense. So long as the He:
can maintain this fiction, the trap is effective.

-°

Wid

Braindraining within our Union is tricky.
Oftentimes, it's easier and safer to lure a disgruntled
Iteration X programmer or Man in Black away when

he's in the lower ranks. Truly valuable personnel are

watched — and protected — by their Conventions, and
do not make good targets. When poaching on company
land, Headhunters prefer to go after Technocrats who
have fallen out of favor with their superiors. It's easier
to claim that an Enlightened staffer "found a more-
appropriate role" in the Union than it is to explain to
a Symposium why a talented Associate defected to your
Convention.

"The Glass Ceiling"

Our Syndicate is committed to efficiency and re-
sourcefulness. Thus, we cannot and do not tolerate
sexism, racism, religious bias or any other form of coun-

terproductive discrimination. We believe in finding the

right man or woman for the task and trust that every
person has something valuable to offe

Despite this attitude, our Associates sometimes
complain of a "gl.
and Convention leadership. They point to the fact that
many of our oldest and most powerful executives are

ceiling" between the lower ranks

white males, and decry the "old boy's club" that seems
to hinder women, ethnic groups and employees of alter-
nate sexual identity.

30 Technocracy: Syndicate


This is nonsense. Proven cases of discrimination are
punishable by demotion and fines. Our firms promote the most
competent, creative and hard-working personnel, regardless of
gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation or any other spe-
ciousdistinction. Women, homosexualsand personsof African
descent can be found in key positions in the Syndicate
hierarchy; some have even risen to the level of Chairman.
Asians make up a firm core of our operations, especially in the
Far East, where so many of our projects occur.

Everything comes down toability, productivity and coop-
eration. The right woman, one who proves herself, will rise to
the top; troublemakers who join our organization to prove that
"a woman can do anything as well, if not better, than a man,"
will not further their careers in this regard. Business and
finance are not for those with a personal vendetta.

(Between me and you, "John," the company
line is bullshit. The ceiling is alive and
well and living in the Technocracy. appear-
aside, it's pretty hard for anyone
the "chosen fe
around here. That's as t
as it is in the
chick ox faggot can get ahead if she in both
cases is :

ances

outside of to advance

ue in the Syndicate

larger business world. a

illing to be as brutal,
undevhanéedé as any of
that'
is gonna

skinned an

"colleagues." as for asians, Ba

No Japanese worth his salt

orders from a gaijin, and the Chairmen k

it. They'xe being practical. Just
you'é want to know. Back to official lingo!)

Grand Financiers:
The Enlightened

The nerve center of the Syndicate comprises Grand
Financiers from many fields of specialization. In fact, the
term "Grand Financiers" is a misnomer, an old moniker
that dates back to the early Guild period. Grand Finan-
ciers research and perfect Adjustment procedures in many
realms outside finance: marketing, advertising, politics,
law enforcement, industrial espionage, research and de-
velopment, and others. Enlightened Grand Financiers
possess an acute insight into the workings of the financial
world and a keen perception of Fortune and the Masses.

Grand Financiers maintain our Clearinghouses. In-
vestment directors guide Fortune through straight
monetary influence. Media moguls manipulate news sto-
ties and create international ad campaigns. Crime cartels
satiate the leisure passions of the Masses, all in accordance
with the Bottom Line. High-ranking Financiers also rep-
resent our Syndicate in the numerous Technocratic
Symposia around the world, directing the funding for the
entire Union. Enlightened personnel make our unified
goal a reality — literally.

Associates ("Magic Men')

Associates are the Syndicate's "miracle men" — the
success stories of the business community, the underworld
legends, the major players, deal-makers and deal-breakers.
Through economic skill and a knack for directing Fortune,
Associates change the direction of stock trends, process
incredible amounts of data, experiment with advanced
hypertechnology, recruitnew employees, impress the Masses
and fight paranormal fire with fire.

By their nature, Associates possess financial acumen
and paranormal degrees of Enlightenment. Both are prereq-
uisites for promotion to this level. Their duties include
perfectly mundane chores and Adjustments. While these
personnel have been authorized to use small amounts of
their paranormal skills, caution is essential. Unsubtle ac-
tions — blowing up rival gangs, crashing stock markets,
funneling vast wealth into private accounts — are punished
by reprimands, fines, demotion, physical harm and death,
often in that order.

Although they occupy the lowest level of our Enlight-
ened ranks, Associates command plenty of influence among
the Masses. By force of personality, knowledge, skill and
paranormal talent, they occupy and oversee our dispatch
centers — investment houses, gangs, media studios, law
firms and police stations. Some advise from the side, while
others direct the operations personally. Either way, the un-
Enlightened staffers often trust these employees totally. On
the whole, we prefer to keep Enlightened personnel out of
harm's way; still, some situations can only be resolved by
Adjustment, and the risks be damned.

Managers ("Wizards")

Magic men who've proven themselves to be skilled and
resourceful employees may move on to Management. These
individuals are the real rainmakers of the Syndicate, the
think tanks of the Convention and the overseers of Re-
search Constructs. Each Manager is responsible for his
particular area of expertise — his portfolio — and super-
vises one to five Associates and any number of Providers.

Promoted Associates have any number of accom-
plishments to their credit: blockbuster marketing
campaigns, amazing track records, impressive "wetwork"
in the underground markets, even nuts-and-bolts research
and development. Many Managers hold positions on the
boards of major corporations, but also serve as indepen-
dent consultants to R&D firms, technological companies,
crime cartels and media outlets. Although these "wizards"
often belong to major firms, quite a few occupy influential
positions in the public sector as well as on international
economic councils, chambers of commerce, or
businessmen's associations. Skilled manipulators of For-
tune and personnel, Managers avoid fieldwork in favor of
long-term projects.

Chapter Two: Our Rank and File 31

INVES

HT WX fF)»

NO Ail

BZ

Chairmen ("Vision Men")

their name suggests, Chairmen supervise Syndicate
Constructs and occasionally oversee Symposia in major finan-
cial centers like New York, Toronto or Tokyo. Chairmen (the
name is gender-neutral) are accountable to each other and to
the Board; to that end, they create new projects, maintain the

old ones and acquire new properties (including Enlightened
recruits, businesses and politicians) for the Syndicate.

For the most part, Chairmen are self-sufficient. They
command between five to 20 Enlightened staffers and vast
mundane resources. A Chairman might sit at the head of a
Mafia council (or, more often, at their right hand), in the
main office ofa large enterprise, or behind a desk in a Horizon
Construct. A Chairman has little use for vulgar Adjustments.
His staff, resources and contacts can handle most problems
without exposing the Vision Man himself to harm. Chair-
men communicate with each other horizontally, and receive
policy statements and directives from the Vice Presidents of
Operation, to whom they are directly responsible.

Competition between Technocratic Conventions can
get fierce at times. In power struggles, our Chairmen have the
upper hand. The buck stops with them — literally. These
supervisors serve as the chief financial officers in Symposium
activities; many an offensive by the NWO or Iteration X has
been stopped before it ever started by a Chairman who simply
cut the funding. Every Chairman has the implicit authority
to advance or curtail funding to any Convention if they see

fi
are selected from among only the most success
Managers — and are closely watched.

: the final judgment calls belong to them. Thus, Chairmen
ul and trusted

A rogue Chairman can seriously handicap the goals of
a Technocracy Symposium. For this reason, Chairmen are
constantly monitored and reported upon by their own
Managers and representatives of the other Conventions. If
an unacceptable Chairman surfaces, he is immediately
Hollowed Out of his position. Greed is only human, but a
truly wise Financier has transcended mere greed by the time
he reaches

The Board:Vice Presidents of
Operation "VPOs")

The Board controls the Syndicate. Its members, called

ch authority.

Vice Presidents of Operation, control large blocks of Syn-
dicate influence worldwide. VPOs make policy, direct
resources, and take sole responsibility for the personnel and
activities within their geographical blocks.

There are seven divisions of Syndicate influence: North
America East and West, South America, Europe East and
West, Middle

divisions answers to their own VPO who coordinates the

East, and Orient/Australia. Each of these

s Syndicate divisions across international bound-
with his fellow VPOs. Their
goal isa perfect global economy —a cashless trade of goods

variot

aries, and further coordinate:

and services, free of tariffs, embargoes, laws or sanctions.

Corporate Structure:
Methodologies

Respectable means rich, and decent means
poor. I should die if I heard my family called decent.

— Thomas Love Peacock

Every business has departments that spe-
cialize in certain projects. Our Methodologies
pursue various portfolios, using the appropriate
tactics, meansand resources toaccomplish their
given tasks. Each Methodology hasa Vice Presi-
dent on the Board, and employ
Financiers and thousands, if not millions, of Providers.

Disbursements

‘Tis money that begets money.

scores of Grand

— Thomas Fuller
Money has to come from somewhere. To create it from
thin air demeans the reality it represents. Disbursements
ees the Technocracy's internal funding. Simply put,
this division approves grants for the other Conventions
research grants for Progenitor laboratories, funding for

ovei

32 Technocracy: Syndicate

Ye

NWO operations, capital for Iteration X equipment and
seed money for Void Engineer sojourns. It also controls
finances and appropriations within our own halls. After all,
someone has to pay the bills.

Compared to our other divisions, Disbursements ap-
pears to be the most mundane piece in the Syndicate
schematic. It doesn't command the psychological manipu-
lations of Media Control, nor does it operate in the
underworld like the Enforcers do. Yet the fuel of the
Technocratic engine flows through Disbursements. Noone
gets funding unless this Convention approves it.

Disbursements deals in reality, pure and simple. It quan-
tifies the Technocracy's reach and control over the
and its war against the Superstitionists. Each Convention of
the Union has its own agenda and its preferred tactics, but
these fine dreams must be tempered with a sure and subtle
hand if the Union's paradigm is to succeed. Given free run,
Iteration X would blast half the world to cinders and turn the
other half into machines. This would be, at best, a waste of
resources. Disbursements keeps such excesses under control

Masses


The men and women of Disbursements are practiced
in the art of politicking and contractual negotiation
Their representatives attend Symposia, keeping tabs on
the various representatives. They approve budgets and file
funding requests. This doesn't make them popular, but
that's an unfortunate side effect of business. An idea that
looks good on paper may be a disaster in real life, and
someone needs to look out for the bottom line. Disburse-
ment personnel are not totally unflinching in their
operations, however. Our ultimate goal is a Technocratic
reality, and the best ventures begin with a risk

Business flows in many directions, and compromise
is the linchpin that holds any deal together. One hand

w

shes the other, as the saying goes, and Disbursements
recognizes that fact. We need things only other Conven-
tions can provide; they, in turn, need us. The Procurement
subdivision handles the flow of exchange in the opposite
direction — into the Syndicate. Procurement gets equip-
mentand information from our NWO colleagues, obtains
state-of-the-art computer technology from Iteration X,
secures vital life-processes from the Progenitors, gains
data from the Void Engineers and obtains protection
from all of the above, then disseminates the rewards
throughout our Convention. Economies are based on
trade, and Disbursements handles the most important
trade within our Union. A friend in this department is a

good friend to have.

Financiers

See that building? I bought it 10 years ago. My first real
estate deal. Sold it two years later, made an $800,000 profit. It
was better than sex. At that time, I thought that was all the
money in the world. Now it's a day's pay

Gordon Gekko, Wall Street

Sometimes there is a difference between what is legal and

what ought to be done
Bill Clinton, on White House influence-peddling

Economics is a massive mind game, a widespread
delusion of the Masses. To them, the spending power of
money reflects their community's health and security. If
the market is good, interest rates are steady, inflation is

low and wages are high, then the consumers will consume

In doing so, they make the delusion into reality

Financiers specialize in consumerism and confidence
By juggling cash intake, spending, interest rates and
statistics, they fuel the world economy. These are our
Syndicate's moneymakers, the tenders of the gold. With-

out them, the global marketplace would collapse, taking

our Union, the Masses and civilization with it

These personnel are, by necessity, charismatic, con.
nected, and skilled at mathematics, probability (andentropy),
's. They know what you want and

In return, they reap

social trends and mind gam

can make you pay almost anything for it

a harvest of unimaginable wealth. The Financiers are among

Chapter Two: Our Rank and File

\

N
4

the richest employees in the Syndicate; even the lowliest
Enlightened broker draws a salary in the six or seven figures.
They work hard for that money, but their Adjustmenttalents
allow them to quickly accomplish things that would rake
mundane office workers weeks or even months.

Our Convention finds its roots in this division. Many
of the great merchant families of the Renaissance were

closely connected to early Financiers; the Age of Explora
tion and Industrial Revolution depended on their largess.
By speculation for profit, the sciences and technologies we
employ everyday came to light. The men who financed
them grew rich, of course, and the smartest of them fun-

neled money back into our Syndicate treasuries and used

those funds as seed money for future investments. Rail-
roads, oil, television, computers — the Financiers know
where to place their bets to win the greatest rewards. When
they succeed, everyone wins.

Naturally, the global economy is a work in progress.
Financiers at all levels oversee man's gradual move from the
village market to the world market. By influencing the
leaders of business, government, crime and (with the Media
Control division) the mass media, Financiers insure the
strength of their investments, secure future properties and
tear down tariffs and trade barriers. Financiers can be found
throughout the world business community, on the boards of
multinational corporations, among the directors of oil,

34 Technocracy: Syndicate

steel and drug cartels, in the cabinets of government leaders
and at the top of "power cabals" across the civilized world
They are, by official reckoning, the largest division next to
the Enforcers, and they make their presence count

The Financiers run a complex interlocking directorate
between private businesses, stock and commodity exchanges,
and government regulatory agencies worldwide. The sheer
volume of banking trade makes total control impossible, of
course; Financiers simply position themselves at influential
"junctures," lend advice and money as need be, and siphon off

profit in the form of investments, interest, "service fees" and

"overdraft fines." Constant communication is essential
these employees play off each other. Monitoring the market

shares of business and industry, Financiers use the data to

play the markets, (hopefully) turning profit while keeping
the world market's wheels well-greased.

Media Control

Publicity is the life of this culture — insofar as without
publicity capitalism could not survive — and at the same time
publicity is its dream

— John Berger

The men and women in Media Control are, in many
respects, the Syndicate's darlings. Effects wizards, media
manipulators, artists of perception, the "bells and whistles


a

division" sells the dream (and occasionally the night-
mare) to consumersacross the world. Glamorous, creative,
hard-wired into high society, these employees manufac-
ture consent among the Masses; they manufacture a
message of consumption, and the Masses consent to be
governed by it.

Critics decry "the liberal media," but they miss the

truth; the media is neither liberal nor conservative; it is

profit-driven. For all their posturing as the self-appointed
"guardians of truth," media people are a vicious, self-
destructive bunch. In the final analysis, the only truth
the Sleeper news organizations care about is who among
them breaks the story first and how much the advertisers
will pay for it. Within this wasteland, Media Control

agents apply their trade.

Public relations play a large part of Media Control's
world. Their operatives work in several major interna-
AP, UPI, Reuters and others — as
journalists, resources, engineers, editors or media celebri-
ties. Hand in hand with the NWO's Watcher Methodology

and the Progenitors' Genegineers, our people make news,

tional news outlets -

commercials and occasionally programs that empha:
our Bottom Line. Capitalizing on trends (especially the
New Age craze), a small but dedicated collection of
publishers flood the market with trashy self-help books,
cartoons, tell-alls and "spiritual guides." While the au-
thors themselves are Providers (who revel in the cash and
notoriety they receive from their "work"), their sources
are often juggled and influenced by minor Adjustments

from trained Media Control employees.

When the story comes from outside our influence, the
division's Spin Doctors go to work. They constantly moni-
tor local and national opinions of labor unions,
environmental groups, and politicians. At the first sign of
trouble, Spin Doctors are on the scene, calming the partici-
pants and minimizing bad press. If bad press is called for,
they do the opposite, whipping people into a frenzy and
flashing images of unrest across the networks. Through an
intricate network of reporters, editors and "reliable sources,"
Media Control can start a rumor in one part of the globe
that winds up as solid fact on the six o'clock news in

another. Flummoxing an entire roomful of mundane jour-

nalists is child's play if you understand Adjustments

And where would we be without good marketin;

To drive consumption, the Masses must be encouraged
to consume. Flashy, funny and compelling ad cam-
paigns keep the economy (and the Masses) in a state of
constant arousal. Sex does indeed sell. So do violence,
insecurity and envy. It doesn't take a magician to
manipulate the Masses this way, but the resources at our
disposal make it easy to produce campaigns like "Jane"
beer ads, the Granger Denimwear tableaus (with their
impossibly sexy models) and the award-winning Little
Zookeeper That Could vignette.

THe sraveR

Nick Von Helsing's not your average cop. But then, the streets
of San Francisco aren't your overage beat. They're bloody... .
running crimson when a new plague hits.the land of the Golden Gate
— c plague of the Undeod.

At night, the Eternals come out to play. The cops can't stop
them. The mayor can't stop them, All anyone can do is listen to the
screams — ond pray that they're not next.

Nick's 0 Slayer, a'killer of killers. Likehe Slayers before him,
he's sworn to hunt the Efernalsjto drivé them down and end their
unlives. Eternals don't die easily, but when the Slayer comes calling,
there's going to be hell to pay.

the nigbt fife Just got teeth.

Warcu THE Stayer

new action series from aaron spefiman.

september istb

Enforcers:
The "Hollow Men"

I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman and blood is
a big expense
‘ollozzo, The Godfather

Everything's got a price tag, but nobody wants to pay.

When the bill comes due, it sometimes carries interest
That's where the Enforcers come in. The other divisions
make policy. The Enforcers carry it out. It's a tough life
brutal and dangerous — but it's exciting. Many Enforcers
would rather die on the streets than live in an office. Most
get their wish.

Known affectionately as "Hollow Men" (from "Hol-
lowing Out," an arcane phrase for terminatingan individual's
employment), Enforcers operate on various levels within
the Syndicate; the crime families present our Convention's
most-obvious face, but they're just the beginning of the
story. Police officers, security guards, detectives (private

Js En-

force the Syndicate's will. As a rule, we prefer to avoid

and otherwise), street gangs, and paramilitary sq

bloodshed. It's often bad for business. If manipulation fails,
however, this division is authorized to use whatever degree
of force the job requires.

Bloodshed is not always bad for business. If the Masses fear
for their lives, homes and property, they
on'security systems, firearms, self-defense classes and police
forces. Terror and violence act as flashpoints for the direction
of cash — or for the lack of it. Since a cashless society is our

gladly spend money

Chapter Two: Our Rank and File 35

-yBnosyp porepnomd are soo1aac] as9yp40 Av

A sa1Sojouypar mou
Jo Isoy & pauisap sey sida{o1g ‘saperop Atay Ise] BYP 10.AG)
sa1so}OUYDaI asNoY-U! s,9IeDIPUAG INO Jo ysowW a_PUeY
02 maaB ey? OLOpuod v ‘uoIstAIG] SIaforg JeIoadg ayp pare
-A19 OILY ‘(SUORUIAUOD JoYI0 WOY saZojouypar pauyar
<jdunts pey uatp paun yorym) sasnoysureays) Uo Ino YIA
way) Sursayy "siounjoejnueul suodvam pure sioquaaut [jews
‘sauuisnput ypar Surppng jo asoy e paanboe wnrwaig ‘Aaaes
JUBUNISAAUTS,9sNO}] 101901g YSNOIY | "sassautsng |]eUIsjo uO

-da]]oo Surpuedxa /

Jpides e 10} Auedwos Surpjoy e oure:
‘aquag J]9s paureua1 UoNeIOds0g)

aq
uoos pur ‘parerodiosuy

HO wnrwsig a2 ‘¢16] UT "yO Yoo: aurBua uoNsnquios
Jewsaiur ayp saye ares suNaWIOdS & Ie popuedxs wNIWIDIg
‘Aueduios uinajonad v AyjeuI31uG "sasnoy jusUNsoAUT pue SUL
-jueg UPSHAW aAnerdNL-IsOW pue asopjos,axeDIPUAg a4 Jo
aUo ‘uoISog Jo asNOFY 4o1D0IY pue UONLIOdIOD [IG wnTUIDIg
udaaiag OYA ITO! v Jo Ino MaaB aI ‘EET UE Poystqeasy

"UOISIAIP 2ANaIDaS-ISOUI PUL ISABUNOA INO st gS AY_L

LYS LY 10) 1uowasnuaape —

Kvpor K3ojouysar s,mouowor nok SuBuug

(ddS) UOISIAIG
spool oid |elmodsg

ap aya Sunyeur ae sjaoxo s0radguy

1
ue ‘Wye 1YBL s,plty> B Yea1q o1 10U astMoid v 40 YyseD
sae]Jop UoHT]!w v aq aotud ey AaYoYyas ‘aud v sey aUOAIOAT
"sunoy saye s1oyadguy Woy s1aJo aAtada4 ABIDUA Jo saDINOs
MOU UO BUPYOM sisuaIos pue sioUaAUT YsnomMpyLaig
padonsap data aysnoyp sromadwos sno 1eIp eIep aaraisuds
Suraatiiad ‘sdnoag sotsuaioj 1andwioo pue sysomaau 49;9ey
uns siuade asayp ‘soury ay puryag ‘uoneuuojur aarisuas
Joes pur prewy>e]q eonod ur adesua ‘swamp penuaiod
pue sromnadwos ino arenyyur syuase pay 103adguy
Suruten jo Uos siya Uo Surypou sey purys}
suureg ‘sopuewnuod [rysounosar AjruueOUN pue sIOxUTYD Isey
-Buynysi] ‘woys yu awodaq Sururen ayp aataunsoym asoy |,
‘joNUOD Apog o1 aseyNowEs Woy ‘ASojoUYydaI aoue]]!aans 02
Bupyearqopo woy SurpAroaasusea] a} "uounsa1SuruoMIpuos
pur Sururen SuraiBoyun ‘snogosu v ySnosyp and st ays 10 ay
‘ayunypeap] & Aq partnudas u99q sey Joxdadguy Ue I9UG)

aqe2s Jo spray Uaaatiog suoNe>tuNLUMOD idaoiaiUT pue
(suonuaauod MoT]a} sno pue sprezim soy ‘sadapy jet,
Woy suaisap paoueape Suipnaut) ASojouypar areatd ‘sinoAng
atuedwos usisop

pue sia3iaw aierodios Surpuadun adoos ‘
puke suzy youeasa sofeu arenyut Aay | ‘uonnadwos iayseur
Jo Wyear ayp ur ssaaze 1oOp-yseq aptaoid stowadguy suuy
uonesnsaaur-aqeaud pur Aaundas pur ‘siypno Areuad19u WO,
paunisay ‘asvuordsa jennsnput ut azipersads oya Udyy MOTO}
Jo suman aue ‘sisipetoadg uoNeULOJUT Joy WOYs ‘s1O1Daduy

saopoodguy

ABs

"pool st ssaursng pur ‘ssautsng sjuawasiosug st Sur]
Suos oyp sy ‘ssny e Surstex NoypM Syuetaap Artyead Pue sa]qe
-uisapun ‘siaq]neyap ‘sjeals areurumtya sn sdjay apen aya jo

ayeatpudg :Ade20UY2 | 9¢

aouajora arp pue ‘Addey siaroueuty ano sdaay saotasas aan
-saroad pue nou! ut ayosd fe

41919 ay | "A]penquaaa suoIstAIp
JoYIO ay OUT 9AOW VORIGUIE PUL IUA]eI YAN aso {ppom
-dapun ay ul sunisaz Surstwoid Auew puy siayunypeayy
"9UO UT pUNOIS uy] e pue Mod Ysed v ‘a]qIoNAD k s,a] "saan
-erado aieo1pudg 1sow 10} punoss Suture [apt ue sapraoid
pur uOISIAIp IsaBze] s,UOTUaAUOD ay st aWEDTI0;Uq
jsaounosaz aiseat AYA ‘Je YY "uIESe rans ay UO dn
pus warp jo Aueyy "usuen UF Iso} 193 sBuIYp Jo spury py ;aWN
ur 1ojd uoneuTssesse ayp JoAODUN saAUOYANE BYP 2,UPIP AYA
jaeaddestp uodeam z9panui ayp pip MOP {aUIe909 Jo sureABO]LY
000'OT asoyz on pauaddey aey,\ :suedioyunos ppoavapun
at ueyp Suaunsnipy jeruaproulos asow Aojdwa areas oy

Joy siadIojUg "Wry YM Lap OF UONeZOYANe JeIdads aA1ad0I

JpeYPIPyIuTeg snowEzUT ay ay1] s1aLOFU ‘andor sao8 aanesado
awwotpudg ev J] °(a[NA ayp JH st UORNeD ang ‘Aema—]_ Q10U
qv JaYO sa210y a21]od Ysiey 10} snoLOIOU saLNUNOD) pueY
saqYsI] & SdxLI UOISIAIP 9y2 uaUIarIOJUa ae] UTYALA\
~raNIAg YI YON Os ‘pjo stead QQG st ALL IVE JT "eau
e yas asuadsip 01 Arunoddo ue ssrur Ajared am ‘s199U15Uq
PIOA ap pue X UONLIAy] 10} punosBAejd ev aq ALU WOISog
yp apy A\ ‘Bund vs, sawNaUOs pur ssaursng sa saWDWIOS
faquRYD sat soUMaWIOg "papparys 193 aJdoad jo si] pue
‘saatuy jo azew Suruurds v st ppoauepun ayy ‘uoneuruaa
pur Suuoquow auinbar yy — sistuonsiadng pure sardwea

Ajjensn —sButag peuuouered yatm paasayut ose a1, Ay
-sudins yu ‘9]qeayoud Ayssou8 axe sastudzoqus peur)

jsut

"ssaupTyasn JIU? dATpPINO Ady? UDYM SaATOM dY2 OF WAY) SuIpae
1 I i
ssoq auHD auepUNUL astApe UdUTeYD pue

‘s1apea] Joues pur

sradeuryy Jaqojsug ‘s}aAa] Joddn ayp ay "1 9as Aoyp uay IU]eI

aztus0de1 OYM sIayUNYpeap] pue siaseueyy Aq payored uayo
H F W

‘SIOPIAOLY JPAI]-JOMO] JOSPULA IYI WOY WO Ud MO|JOH ISO]

"sprensApog pure sisipetsads wue-suons ‘usw yoded ‘sioanquasip
¥

pur siajeap ‘sit ype> ‘sdoon ypoys ‘uaunty se ye sare!

-ossly pouarysiug ‘aqo[3 atp ssoxde sonio sofew ur sues ans

pu suoneztuesio Surjs8nuus ‘s8uu 9914 ‘sjaue Snup ‘sarestpuds
Jeu snoueA oUp Isisse pue JONUOD ‘UNI sIa20FUg "AWD
PazluLsIO aAfOAUT SaMANde WaMNp-asour suOISIAIP ay]

(ea0TExO km zagzord y ‘om -coutt

4uort

UT puBys

oo younzo
99 Kauy
4nq

uy coTuunD

1},

To yS0u 4 famng

2 ute foyy fer0A0

*q4uomsoz0

xno

zearapuUN SUOTYUSAUOD 79470 4eY4 OS Yoom

2OTRT 042 dn sdord ous su}, coye. uM
EVEITE poysery 6709 YUTY, nok op oy og spends

uood B aes Koy uotzu9448

+Re4r

faqgeotpufs ayy 04

TToyz, UTNy soeTuoeue xno

zo

uouw

Retd octe Loyg :uotesor9ty ya

*]}2 sapis yaog Aejd Aatp pur ‘1eay sawINsuOD Sut

&)

Agnus pue siayzew oT]! Sunsaioid ‘siyneyap Surystund
‘so1say Ut apen s19210jUq ay,

epuase ‘speuarew s]]9s 21 ‘S]]9s zea "puey sno ur pres dun
atp st Aauow prey jo ANpSey oyp ‘eoS axeumjn s,ayes1pudg

JUILIND JO SULIOJ MOU PUL SME]


out our Convention, but some are shuttled out among the
Masses after the necessary testing. The upper Management,
proud of the division's independent research, has given them a
free hand and virtual autonomy. As cordial as our relationships
with the other Conventions can be, it's always wise to have
independent resources to fall back on. Special Projects provides

those resources, runs our Clearinghouses and funnels profits

from its early investments back into the Financiers' hands.

VP Howard Sinclairoversees the Special Projects Division.
In turn, five Chairmen (James Rock, Amanda Blacksin, James
Overlook, Hillary SaintClaire and Charles Tinabras) maintain
spheres of influence — in-house tech, weaponry, subliminal
influence research, publishing and investment control. These
Vision Men have wide discretionary powers, but perform their
duties with admirable success. While the details of Projects'
portfolios are heavily classified, upper Management seems satis
fied with their results and their returns.

Pentex

accident.
Pentex

and by

Chapter Two: Our Rank and File

a


Ne All

It's goog for business.

rote about

ges back? #ell, so

exed

* The OmniChip: a

t gov

* Quantum Universal Entertainment Inc.: a

+ Bell & Candle Books: al

8 and casel

)t5 of Enfoxcex geaz.
and half black magic. Like I said, I only found + Lionheart Developments: an investment
this stuff out by ;

house based in real-estate devel

fuck out %& to Sood House Inte

bust

Entrancing new arrivals from Bell & Candle Books.

Every Person Their Own Cotem: finding the Natural Spirit Within
By Evelyn firestorm Bronson

All of us share gifts from Mother Earth: totems, the guiding spirits of our ancestors. In the hubbub of our
modern lives, we have lost touch with these gentle guardians. Now Evelyn Firestorm Bronson returns our
heritage to us in a concise, easy-to-follow guide.

Discover the totems that thousands of people worldwide are using for inspiration and fulfillment. Evelyn
draws upon primal beliefs, dream interpretation and modern psychology to offer an insightful road to happiness.
Let this book show you how find a totem to advise your daily life decisions. Everything from finding the right life
partner to winning the lottery becomes easy with this essential guide.

"Your Personal Totem is the gateway to a universe of unexplored happiness. And you needn't settle for only
one totem. There are totems for love, for material success, for health, for wisdom, and you can use them all in
experiencing the boundless natural spirit of life and mind within you (Chapter 4).

Bell & Candle Books — $12.95

The Millennium Carot — $29.95 :

The Tarot has been a window to the unconscious mind for centuries. Today, people use it to find advice
on relationships, children and financial rewards. Bell 8 Candle now offers its own Tarot deck. enriched with
artwork for the next century. Comes complete with an instructional guide. Reading the Millennium, a carrying
case and a how-to guide for beginners.


Disrupting Factors

To be a leader of men one must turn one's

— Havelock Ellis
No enterprise is without its complica-
Understanding reality from an
Enlightened standpoint, a true Syndicate

tion

employee sees a shady side to business that

even the most cynical mundane would dis-

miss. Reality deviants, Superstitionists and
our own hyperadvanced colleagues smear the Bottom Line.
To do business properly, one must understand both the
nature of his rivals and the policies of his employer.

Our Onionist
Colleagues

Although the Technocracy dedicates itself to reaching
the perfect scientific paradigm for the Masses, our col-
leagues within the Union often stand at cross-purposes.
The politicking that goes on within most Symposiums
sends each of the five Conventions off in as many different
directions. This is obviously inefficient. Sadly, this myopia
wraps our Union into knots. It falls to us to set things right

Our colleagues are not worthless. Each group com-
mands vast resources and a dedicated Technocratic staff. By
e) funds for the other

allocating (or refusing to alloca
Conventions, we can influence the direction they go. Like
a carrot on a stick, our Disbursements lead the proverbial
horse down the track to our desired end. However, it is
helpful to know which directions the horse will turn its
head — and which methods will bring it back in line.

Progenitors

These "mad scientists" are better at deciphering gene
strands than at balancing budgets. Consequently, they
leave financial stewardship in our hands. In practice, this
gives us influence over medical school costs, research labo-
ratory funding, hospital budgets and pharmaceutical
corporations. Likewise, we oversee Progenitor finances and
manage firms in the cosmetic industry, field rest new drugs

on oblivious Masses and collate the profits and research

from both.

Progenitors need lab space, materials and status. Our

Convention can grant or rescind such resources as we see
fit. Insurance companies may refuse to cover radical new
surgeries or experimental drugs before they can be intro-

duced to the Masses, while well-placed lawsuits can chasten

rogue scientists. In return for "consideration," Progenitors

give our employees easy access to clones, longevity treat-

ments and physical enhancements. It's an equitable trade,

and both groups prosper from it.

Iteration X
The

been a windfall for our Syndicate. As the accelerating pace of

breakneck pace of technological advancement has

personal technology (and the popularity of science fiction and
fantasy) advances our paradigm, Iteration X gains a powerful
advantage. Naturally, we provide seed money for many of the
"breakthrough developments" that allow them to function
openly among the Masses. The machines, in return, gratefully
lend us aid in our more-dangerous endeavors.

It seems impossible to halt the progress of technology;
ironically, progress at breakneck speeds limits itself. The
best way to monitor and direct Iteration X is to fund it
constantly. The more rapid the pace of technology, the
faster it alienates the Masses. They feel lost. They grow

suspicious. They wait for "ne r's model" but look

t ye

backward for comfort. In time, the sciences become alien

things — vulgar and terrifying — like Iteration X itself. We

know better, and keep our human face clearly in view.

Void Engineers
The Engineers are an enigma, and an arrogant one, too.

In the old days, their explorers appreciated their financial
benefactors; today, many of them spit in our faces. Their

Border Corps provide useful assistance and "tecknology,"
but aside from that, they're a nuisance.

Fortunately, Void Engineers are ridiculously suscep-
tible to funding cuts and private grants. Considering their
quest for "a better world," their devotion to the illusions
of this one (ie., the value of currency) is especially
laughable. Some of the brighter Engineers recognize the
inherent contradiction of using old money to reach a
different world; fortunately, the Convention's grand

schemes require vast resources and personnel. Somewhere

along the line, it's easy to find someone or something to

bribe, break or buy.

New World Order

Close cousins to our own association, the Order's

agents provide valuable assistance to Media Control, the
Enforcers and the Financiers. Their "Q Divisions" outfit
our agents with the latest hardware, while their informa-
tion processors channel us the data we need to make
decisions. Consequently, our partners receive prime con-
sideration from Disbursements, support from Media and

special favors from the SPD. Together, our Conventions

command the prime elements of the modern economy:
information, capitol and the means to use both.

The NWO's weakness is its megalomaniacal delu-
sion about the power of information. Information is a

free-flowing commodity, to be sure, and a rich one. But

information, like everything else in the world, has a

Chapter Two: Our Rank and File 39

WN OK

Z

price, and (as the NWO proves so well with its own
contradicting "histories") it can be altered at will. The
fact that information can be bought and sold, like so
many cans of beans, gives our Syndicate an important
edge. If no one is willing to pay for a certain piece of
information, it becomes worthless. Information for
information's sake is not power — it's the value of the
information that makes it powerful. Devalue the infor-
mation, and you render its holder impotent.

(No offense, "John,"

just

the p

line. Sox
Oh, 32W, I wanted to pass on a memo from
a few years back. Funny how our "friends"

in the SPD don't get mentioned. Suess they

don't want our boys shooting at the } ed

help. armor your butt, "John." I a
exazy world out there!
= "San"
Reality Deviants
MEMORANDUM.

TO: All Chairmen

FROM: The Board

RE: Superstitionists

As we know, the prevailing paradigm embraces a
"millennium" rife with supernatural (or paranormal) forces.
These forces do exist to some degree, and they sometimes
threaten our portfolio holdings.

Our chief rivals include Enlightened individuals who
cling to outmoded ideals and practices. In order to stream-
line our operations against these Superstitionist groups, the
Board has developed a new method of classification to refer
to individuals within these bodies:

¢ "Primals" refers to the Ecstasy Cultists, Dream-
shamans and witches who center their myths around the power
of natural mental and biological energies. Generally, the nature
of these Primal myths revolves around blood, dreams, natural
images and totems, sexual energy and the expansion of the mind
(most commonly through hallucinogenic drugs).

Such groups are easy to counter; Media Control may
direct unfavorable press against these unsavory Superstitionists.
Their practices (blood magic, drug use, self-mutilation and
sometimes live sacrifice) open their associations to charges of
Satan worship, dope peddling and radical-underground activi-
ties. In the financial sphere, many of these Superstitionists
open communal bank accounts for their members. Records for
such accounts can be easily altered and tracked.

¢ "Mystics" refers to Christian, Jewish, Hindu and
Satanic sorcerers, martial artists and traditional high magi-
cians. Such groups have religious overtonesat their foundations,
and can be effectively countered by scientific and secular
publicity. The practices these "wizards" and "clerics" embrace

40 Technocracy: Syndicate

S

Blood Cult:
Sacrifice and Sacrilege

Local New Age Bookseller

Encouraged Sect
By RH. Kelly
‘Staff Writer é
Louisville, KY" 3 es
From the outside, the house looked peaceful. The
back yard, however, harbored blood-spattered oatkthat
authorities call"The Bleeding Tree." Acting on com-
plaints late yesterday, police raided a commune on the
outskirts of the city, confirming charges by. neighbors
and local religious groups that the commune was infact
home to a Satanic blood cult. Upon seeing: ‘The Bleed-
ing Tree," the police arrested 13;people, including ee
‘Lyssa DelMar, owner of Tree of Life Books, a popu!
New Age shop. Detectives confiscated blood-spattered
robes and knives, runic spellbooks and other such instru-
ments of Satanic culture from the commune. 2
"Trwas freaky," said adetective whoasked nottobe
identified: "It's just like you'd read in some Stephen
King novel — candles, black draperies, everything:
nected to. a'string of abductions of local coeds from
Louisville University late ast spring. The coeds in ques-
tion remain. missifg.No remains. were found, bet
excayation has begun atthe roots of "The Bleeding Tree
Authorities refuse to speculate further atthis time:

are fine fuel for public scorn and suspicion. Though not as
suspectas the Primal practices, these beliefs may be interpreted
by the Masses as unhealthy fixations on fantasy or myth.

The fanaticism that underlies superstitious faiths can
be a potent aid as well. By rallying such Mystics to a cause,
Managers may divert the Superstitionists' true attentions
away from some enterprise, or direct them at a desirable
target — such as other Mystic or Primal groups.

* "Technomancers" refers to renegades from our own
Technocracy. Championing chaos over order, the so-called
"Sons of Ether" and "Virtual Adepts" defected years ago and
now use our tools against us.

Fortunately, these neo-Superstitionists are as material-
istic as they are careless. Offers of funding, research spac
new equipment or public validation are irresistible lures to
many Technomancers. For the same reasons, they make
excellent candidates for Braindraining. The best of them
have awesome resources at their fingertips, so it is often
better to deal with them than to destroy them.


——___ Gal

If destruction is called for, these Technomancers have

proven vulnerable to public ridicule, marginalization, fund-
ing cuts and physical violence. They are not often fighters
by nature, and can be overwhelmed if quickly and ruthlessly
assaulted. Be advised, however, that they have proven to be
vindictive. If you choose to kill, kill quickly. Technomancers
do not often grant second chances.

Paranormal Beings (colloquially, "RDs")

The "alternate species" of our world provide opportu-

nities for both profit and disaster. The existence of these

entities (best described as "inhuman") is a documented
fact. Given that, we must endeavor to maintain the Bottom
Line in the face of RD contamination. Such beings make
useful tools and destructive rivals. They should never be
mistaken for friends or equals.

© Vampires: Noxious as their habits are, few vampires
pose significant threats to the Bottom Line. These creatures
often pursue the same goals we do, and maintain a rigid
hierarchy that keeps many of them agreeable. A powerful
vampire (called a"prince") reigns asa feudal lord over acity

and extracts allegiance from his lessers. These beings amass

such vast resources that fighting them becomes unprofit-
able. By establishing cordial relations with such parties, our
Chairmen retain access to media, police forces, unions,
politicians and various establishments. So long as both

parties understand that cooperation is in their mutual
interests, a beneficial partnership may ensue.

It is essential to add that vampiric beings must under
An

pense

stand the strength of our own resources as well

appropriate demonstration of power (often at the e

of some party that troubles both sides) is often necessary to
secure a vampire's respect. If this fails, no Manager should
hesitate to return force with force. (See "Extermination
Procedures" in the appropriate Manager handbook.)

¢ Werewolv

s: These barbaric beings epitomize ev-
erything our Union was founded to prevent. Time after

time, they have proven to be threats to our investments,
holdings, portfolios and business partners. Reports indicate
that these creatures are a primitive species, practicing
rituals that can best be classified as quasi-Superstitionist
Individual reports assert that these creatures exhibit subhu-
man behavior and destructive tendencies, but seem to
possess an uncanny ability to hide in plain sight

The Board feels that, in the final analysis, these creatures
are no better than their lupine ancestors. The Board recom-
mends that Enforcer teams shoot werewolves on sight, and
that additional teams be sent to "trouble spots" where
werewolves frequently appear. These beings are highly dan-
gerous. The only profit to be gained from them is their hides.

* Ghosts, Spirits and Fairies: The Board finds no
evidence that these creatures exist, despite the claims of our
Unionist colleagues. Even if these creatur

es were proven to
exist, the Board can envision no possible scenario where
their actions would have any derogatory effect on the
Bottom Line. In short, grow up. There are no such things.

Chapter Two: Our Rank and File 41

IRV




EXCELSIOR
coRP

/ Mina
qe

AAAMMSA ; -
.
Ss
\eex
'

BADGE NUMBER
AR1406

Cae

QUANTUM UNI

166610-AS-01 |¥

venient


IN

Chapter Three:
Playing

(and Playing With)
the Market

When

:, Hutton talks, people listen!

advertisement for E.F. Hutton Brokers

The Dirty Side of the Sharp Dollar

In contrast to their flamboyant cc
leagues, Syndicate members are notoriously
conservative with their Arts. The term "Ad-
justment of Fortune" fits their style far better
g than "technomagickal procedure." To most
Grand Financiers, Adjustments enhance or
influence events already in motion. They're
no substitute for simple hard work

Subtlety is a way of life among the Grand
Financie

s. Overt procedures are vulgar in more ways than
one. To bust your enemies' heads in plain sight is considered
a sign of weakness to the upper Management. Any fool
Sleeper can use violence; Enlightenment implies a better
man. Associates often use whatever tools come to hand. To
climb the company ladder, however, an employee must

demonstrate a keen imagination, a clever hand and an

understanding of human nature.

attitude makes Syndicate agents a
bit more challenging to run than, say, HIT Marks or ghost

This conservativ

busters. Grand Financiers don't smash down the front door
and blow everything to hell; they sneak in the back door,
using credit accounts, personal records, charisma and greed
The only agents a cabal of Traditionalist mages are ever
likely to meet are Enforcer grunts, often un-Awakened

throwaways or low-level saps gunning for a way out of the
doghouse. "Subtle" is the key word for Syndicate opera-
tions. Brute force may work for the occasional distraction,
but guile is far more effective and far less compromising
When it comes time to blow down the door, Syndicate
Managers often use shock troops from the other Conven-
tions, calling in favors or appealing to the other groups'
preference for firepower. NWO agents are the Syndicate's
closest allies, but Iteration X HIT Marks make great hitmen

when some really important contract proves difficult to

Chapter Three: Playing the Market 45


WX ZI

WZ N

fulfill. Progenitor Pharmacopeists work pretty tightly with
Enforcer groups, and often dispatch their wares under a
Manager's supervision. Only the Void Engineers keep their
distance. With the exception of occasional "house cleanings
from the Border Corps, Void Engineers have little to do
with Grand Financiers.

Although one early Mage supplement connected the
s (based on their willingness

Syndicate with Spirit magic
to corrupt the soul), Entropy and Mind are more-appropri-
ate specialties. The first Sphere offers a handle on probability
and chance, while the second influences the mind and
emotions. The bribes, appeals, betrayals, conspiracies,
backstabbings, rumor-mongering and bad-luck streaks that
make up a Manager's bag of tricks hinge on these "quiet"
Spheres. A smart Manager won't send ina truckload of HIT
Marks to eliminate an enemy; instead, she'll eavesdrop on

his plans, bribe his allies, ruin his luck with Entropy proce-
dures, ruin his credit with a few well-placed keystrokes,
foreclose on his home and freeze his assets. Compared to
that, a visit from cyborgs seems like a pleasant diversion.
Them, you can fight!

When it comes down to the bottom line, Syndicate
magick is based in selling: selling an image, selling goods,
selling an idea, selling fate and Fortune itself. The Ma
like to buy, and they're always willing to make a deal. The
lure of money, success and prestige gives Syndicate employ-

ses

eesa power that goes beyond fireball hockey and a mystique
that lends their deeds credibility. Of course the banker can
own the town; of course that mobster can smell your fear; of
course that tycoon has a hidden trap door in his office (and
Grand Financier

no one ever finds the bodies). So long as 2

avoids open impossibilities, his wealth and position make

the things he does painfully coincidental.

Apparatus:
Technomancer Foci

The Grand Financiers depend more on personal influ-
ence, persuasion and charm than on scientific gadget

Their apparatuses, therefore, focus Fortune through com-
mon tools of business and the underworld. Since all business
is business, the various divisions tend to use the same foci
in their operations. Typical Syndicate tools include:

Correspondence: video conferencing, intercoms, limos,
Lear jets, computerized address book/telephone directory,
holograms, secret doors

Entropy: computer, computer viruses, stock quotes,
(cards, dice, roulette, lottery machines),
You're gonna have a bad day today....")
Forces: security cameras, computer viruses, weapons,

gamblingapparatuse

nasty looks, threats

martial arts

Life: first-aid kit, features alteration (for criminals),
legal and illegal drugs, martial arts/body control training,
weapons

46 Technocracy: Syndicate

Matter: cash/currency (and the valuation and devalu-
ation thereof), gambling chips/tokens, specific products for
sale, weaponry, acids

Mind: cell phone, television, radio, e-mail, personal
charisma, eye contact, intimidation, seduction, reputation
("He owns everyone in this town!") — all reflected by good
Social Trait rolls

Prime/Spi
Kirlian (aura) photography

it: computer, binoculars, spectroscopes,

Time: clock/watch, good guesses ("If | know Brucini,
he'll be here right... well, there he is now!")

There's No ‘I' in Team:
Syndicate Adjustments

One machine can do the work of 50 ordinary men. No
machine can do the work of one extraordinary man

— Elbert Hubbard

Karoshi (¢® Life, © Mind, or #** Life, ¢* Mind)
sointently on

Some Japanese workers focus themselve
their jobs that they literally die of overwork. The Syndicate
frowns on such waste. Un-Enlightened employees are given
generous vacations before they crack; Enlightened Associ-
ates often learn this trick, and use it when something's just
too important to put off until tomorrow.

By channeling everything he has behind a project, a
good Associate can focus his mind, body and spirit toward a
superhuman effort. Cleansed of the need for sleep, food or
rest, the employ amount of work in
a short time. Skilled Managers can "motivate" their staff

can achieve a mz

siVi

(Enlightened and otherwise) into similarly intense bursts of
activity. The inevitable crash leaves the worker(s) exhausted
for a week or so, but sometimes business demands sacrifice.

on the Arete roll allows the worker(s) to
go without refreshment or break for one day. Time seems to
compress itself into a tight burst of frantic activity and all
stains the worker(s) and

[Each succe

other needs are forgotten. Life s
Mind controls concentration. The higher Karoshi level
requires an inspiring speech, frequent pep talks and a

generous reward to keep the employees from questioning
the Adjustment's effects. A careful Manager uses this Ad-
justment only under extreme circumstances. The long-term
effects of overwork aren't worth the short-term gains.]

The Look/The Word (** Mind)

Impression iseverything. With the right look orasimple
phrase, a well-trained Associate can turn a co-worker into
jello or sway a roomful of people to her side. Any good
Syndicate employee knows how to say a lot with very little;
this Adjustment turns an already potent exchange into a
commandment. In business, every edge is a plus!

[Focused through a compelling look, phrase or slogan,
The Look is totally coincidental. A good Social roll (see
"Abilities and Magick," Mage, page 175) can make this


Keefer

Adjustment pretty overwhelming; a good Arete roll can lock
the impression into the audience's subconscious memory,
where itwill shape their opinions for weeks or months tocome

[Media Control uses a variation of this Adjustment in
important advertising campaigns or broadcasts. By channeling
subconscious impulses behind a slogan or image, the Control-
lersmakesure the Masses remember the message. This has been

known to backfire, of course; last year's Pegasus Shoes promo-
tion ("Shoes for the Superior Man") led to a rash of shootings
and muggings with Pegasus sneakers as the payoff]

Stacking the Deck (** Entropy)

An obligatory Adjustment for any capable Associate,
this trick allows a Syndicate employee to shift the odds of
anything — from a roulette spin toa stock market gamble —
in her favor. Channeled through lucky coins, catchphrases,
ticker-tape machines, stock quotes ora thousand other forms
of subtle manipulation, Stacking makes Fortune look like
fate, and magick look like coincidence

[Under most circumstances, the Storyteller should sim-
ply let a successful Stacking roll determine the outcome of a
single event. Simple things (a card draw, a bullseye) would
require a single success, while really complicated events (a
20% rise on a given stock) would demand four or five.

[Most events can be handled through storytelling; adding
a Stacking Effect to a combat ev

int might reduce the difficulty

of one shot or action by -1 for each success on the Arete roll

(three successes equal -3 difficulty) if the focus seems appropri
ate. A lucky coin might help Tori Wittingham hit a werewolf
between the eyes, but a ticker-tape machine would do her no
good atall. Each new event requiresa new Stacking roll —and
don't forget the Domino Effect (Mage, page 165).}

PIN Drop (* # Correspondence, * * Forces, ®* Mind,
** Time)

A Personal Identification Number is the equivalent of a
modem person's TrueName. With it, youcan unlocksomeone's
secrets, ravage his finances and access his private life. The
prevalence of PIN numbers in modem "conveniences" is not
a mistake. The Financiers know exactly what they're doing
Magick, after all, is just another name for control

By employing special access card (a focus), an Associate
with the properskillscan reach the central database where PIN
numbersare kept. He inserts the card into any automatic teller,
programs in his subject's name and waits. After a short pause,
areceipt pops out with the subject'sname, PIN, social security

number, address and bank-account code. Although the Ad-

justment only accesses "legitimate" names (most mages take

"craft names" after their Awakenings), that information is
available enough to cause a person very serious trouble.

[The Associate's Arete roll determines whether or not
the information can be found. An accomplished search
requires at least four successes — the world database is
pretty damned huge! — and takes several minutes of game

Chapter Three: Playing the Market 47


Technocracy: Syndicate

time. Failure demands another roll and another wait. A
botch eats the card. While most RDs go by assumed names,
a mage or vampire careless enough to maintain bank records
under her new name can be tracked down with a successful
PIN Drop search. This Adjustment is coincidental.]

Turkey Basting (¢** Mind, #°¢ Life)

Named for the horrific tortures inflicted on Mafia in-
formers, the Turkey Baster allows an Enforcer to send her
victim into a whirlpool of agony without leaving so much as
a bruise. Strapping the stoolie to a chair or table, the

employee goes to work; she stares into his ey

S, Spe2
and carefully about the tortures she's prepared to inflict,
attaches wires to his vital spots and hooks him toa small black
box. The resulting pains continue foras longas the tormentor
desires. The victim, swept into his own mind, sees nothing,
hears nothing, remembers nothing except unbearable tor-
ture. Time stops. Reflexes fail. Nothing is real except the
ting.

pain. No normal human can stand up toa full-scale Bs

Sooner or later, almost everyone c

[A Mind loop sends the victim's senses into overdriv
1. An
accompanying Manipulation + Torture roll from the En-

Life keeps him alive and conscious through the orde:

forcer can make the Basting an even more-excruciating
experience. Unless the subject can keep his wits (Will-
power roll; difficulty equals the torturer's successes + 5), he
breaks, telling the Enforcer anything she wants to know,
whether it's true or not. A botch on the roll sends the victim
insane. Even if he "succeeds" and survives, echoes of the
torture will linger for year

[Each hour the torture lasts costs the victim a Will-
power point and requires another roll. The Storyteller may
(if she's nice) turn the "session" into a resisted contest
between the Enforcer and her victim (her Arete andskill vs.
his Willpower); otherwise, the torture continues until the
"turkey" gives in — and perhaps even longer. This Adjust-
ment makes a useful example for other wayward souls.]

Hands of Death (¢¢¢ Life, or ¢* Forces, or both)

Martial arts training isa marvelous thing; an.expertcan
shatter bones, puncture organs and sever nerves without
rupturing the skin. A specialty of Enforcers and InSpectors,
this Adjustment wrecks internal havoc on an enemy; with
it,a "nerve pinch" or "well-placed punch" can kill a normal
human and seriously injure most supernatural creatures.

[Hands of Death disrupts the
(Life), increases the force of a blow (Fore
factors into a really devastating package. The first version adds
aggravated damage (as per the chart) to the character's usual
punch total. The second version adds Forces damage to the

get's internal organs
orcombines both

same amount. The third makes the added levels aggravated.

[Example: Julian the Enforcer hits a hardass. Adding a
Hands of Death Adjustment to his punch, he rolls his Arete
and wins three successes. Checking his normal Strength
damage, he deals out three Health Levels to Mr. Hardass. From
there, he adds the magickal successes and totals up the result.

[If Julian chooses the Life variant, his punch does a
total of nine Health Levels, six of which are aggravated. If
he chooses the Forces variant, he does 11 Health Levels, but
the damage is normal. If he has the skill to use the really
powerful variant, Julian can inflict 11 Health Levels, eight
of them aggravated. Mr. Hardass can try to soak the damage,
but he probably ain't so hard anymore.

[Obviously, a punch that turns organs to water is pretty
vulgar. This Adjustment is rolled like a coincidental Effect
(difficulty 6), but incurs a point of Paradox after the fact if
the strike inflicts 10 Health Levels or more (before soak-
ing). Julian adds a point of Paradox to his total and makes
a note to hit softer next time.]

Conference Call (
¢ Prime)

Travel and security are always problems in the business
world. Add complications when the occasional RDs drop in
for an unscheduled raid and you can see why the Syndicate
developed this impressive diversionary Adjustment. Using a
complex s'

Correspondence, * *¢ ¢ Forces,

tem of holographic projectors, telephone line:

speakers and computer links, a group of Managers can project
themselves into a single meeting room to discuss business,
even though the attendees might be sitting in separate rooms
across the world. An observer would see a group of figures
talking; unless he reached out to touch one of them, however,
he would never realize that the room was actually empty...
and that his entrance had triggered a security alarm.

[This intricate Adjustment requires a meeting room
equipped with the necessary hardware plus connections to
every attendee's office. Some Constructs (like
Diefenbakker's Casino; see Chapter Four) have a room set
aside for this purpose. With a little preparation, a Manager
can rig an entire office to "time share" this way; early
experiments have yielded satisfying results. So long as no

one "steps through" another attendee's sp:
hand through a person who appears to be present, this
Adjustment remains coincidental. A sudden disruption
(ie., a shift from "coincidental" to

ce Or passes a

vulgar") shuts the
system down. All figures disappear, the connections are
broken and an alarm sounds. Most Conference Call net-
works include a "trespasser alert" that goes off when an
unauthorized person enters the meeting room. This alert
triggers a silent alarm; by the time the intruder realizes that
the room is empty, security guards have blocked the exits.
[Permanent projection Devices (Rank 5) duplicate
this Adjustment for facilities that lack a Manager with the
skill and patience to control the Call. Special Projects has
sent a few modified projectors over to Pentex for testing.
The shadowy megacorp has been pleased with the results. A
pack of werewolves intruding on an important meeting
were impressively frustrated when they discovered that the
"Wyrm-keepers" they sought weren't really there. The
resulting melee wrecked the projectors, but Pentex, ever
resourceful, ordered several more just like them.]

The Rat Race:
Syndicate Devices

Because inconvenience is un-American.
advertisement for a Virginia car dealership

The Syndicate's "can-do" attitude filters into the tech-
nology it creates. With very few exception:
Device enhances a simple task past "norms

a Financier's
limitations.

When some absurdly overt machine becomes necessary,
outsourcing (see below) covers the problem nicely. Ad-
© equipment can be hard to obtain, but
simple innovations (one- or two-dot Devices) are common

vanced or expensiv

tools among all personnel.

re totally
coincidental. The Adjustments they employ are so subtle that
even Sleepers can utilize them; some, like the MIDAS Card,
have been designed for the un-Enlightened. Although an
observer scanning the object with a Prime Effect might notice
slight Quintessence matrices, the Devices themselves appear
technological, perhaps, but not
extraordinary. Areas where the local beliefs make technology
itself vulgar (see Mage, page 186) turn these "ultramodern
innovations" vulgar. Otherwise, the Storyteller may simply

Unless otherwise noted, the following Devices

to be completely mundane

infer that the Device works without a roll, unless something
important hangs in the balance (it might be vital to a player
character's survival for the THOMAS to misfire at a critical
moment, so a roll "just to make sure" would be appropriate.)

© or ¢* Multi-Investment Debt Accrual System
(MIDAS) Card

Arete n/a, Quintessence n/a

An incentive, reward, tool or trap, the MIDAS Card
grants the holder free access to the world cash flow. So long as
she knows the PIN number, a person can use the MIDAS to
withdraw, charge or deposit
The card'sshimmering gold face features a hologram of a flying
eagle, enticing the holder to spend, and spend, and spend.

mount of money she desires.

In game terms, the card itself is totally mundane; its code

trips a technomagickal encryption that already exists in every
bank-card network in the world. A minor latticework of Quin-
tessence-laced "threads" offers the only hint tothe card's origins.
A character with a MIDAS can draw upon any amount of
money or credit; the only limitis the amount of cash in the teller
machine. The network does keep track of MIDAS transactions,
however, and lists them ina separate account for future re
ings. The money isn't free; sooner or later, the card user will have
to pay the system back — one way or another.

A more advanced MIDAS (which betrays slight signs of
technomagick if checked) "clouds minds." No one, including
the card holder, thinks anything of the outrageous charges
made on the MIDAS. Credit limit? What's that? This insidi-
ous little feature allows a card holder to gleefully spend herself
into oblivion without realizing that she's used the card tall...
well, maybe once or twice, but not that much...

Chapter Three: Playing the Market

49

WOK

N

T 2


NOW All

Wy ON

°° Clout Perfume

Arete n/a, Quintessence 10

A special blend of keyed pheromones and fragrances,
this literally enchanting perfume makes the wearer the
center of attention. A common tool of (or reward for)
Providers and Associates, this scent comes in male and
female varieties. Both blends spark a dani
hormones of the wearer and those around her. A wide

between the

selection of scents allows the employee to choose the "mes-
sage" she wishes to send — seduction, intimidation,
compliance, etc.. Once applied, Clout goes to work, stimulat-
ing irresistible emotional responses. The wearer might not
get her way, but her subject won't forget the meeting easily.

In game terms, Clout adds four dice to the character's
Social rolls, so long as she "follows the scent." Going against
a chosen message negates the bonus, and could cause
complications. Once the mood is set, both parties follow
their instincts unless a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) breaks
the hormonal "commands." Each "Quintessence point"
represents one application of perfume. Once they're used,
the bottle is spent and another must be purchased.

¢¢ Leadstopper Vest

Arete n/a, Quintessence n/a

Anes
bullet-resistant clothing offers the protection of Kev
with the comfort of thick cloth or light leather. Some
Managers have all their office clothing (including Power
Suits) reinforced this way, just in case. These "vests" come
sts, shirts, biker jackets and
dusters are pretty common, but underwear, robes, coats and

sential tool among Enforcers and InSpectors, this

jar

in a variety of garments; v

hats are not unheard of.

Matter-treated clothing acts
ge),
but incurs no penalty. The item is slightly heavier than

In game terms, this

Class 4 armor (soaks four Health Levels worth of dar

normal and contains a thick "patchwork" inside. Obvi-
tack that hits some unprotected part of the
wearer's body passes the protection, but "full-body" damage
alue (it soaks two Health Levels
al,
a garment that sustains an impossible amount of damage

ously, an z

can be soaked at half-

rather than four). Since the cloth is treated, not magic

does not create a Paradox; it does, however, attract atten-
tion. Inspection reveals that the material only looks like
cloth, but is actually much stronger.

¢e¢ Mjollnir Mk. IV

Arete 2, Quintessence n/a

Mjollnir is a gun. A very big gun. A heavy pistol, to be
precise, with the punch of a shotgun and the kick of a mule.
When intimidation is the name of the game, when the
bastard in front of you won't stay down, you can count on
Thor's Hammer to do the job.

Unless fitted with a Raptor Silencer, Mjollnir thunders
like a mad god. Its heavy-grain shells can rip through solid
concrete and inflict horrific damage on living (or unliving)

50 Technocracy: Syndicate

flesh. In technomagickal terms, Mjollnir uses Forces proce-
dures to increase the density and kinetic force of the bullet.
The gun chambers large, custom-made ammunition, but
the loads themselves are totally mundane and the damage
avated. An additional Mind element
fright factor"; an Enforcer armed with a

is normal, not agg

adds to the gun's

Mjollnir pistol receives four extra dice for his Manipulation
+ Intimidation rolls. In un-Enlightened hands, these guns

ly misfire; the Storyteller may wish to roll

occasiona
Mjollnir's "Arete" asa sort of "activation roll" (difficulty 5).
If the roll fails, the gun misfires; if it comes up a botch, the

pistol jams and must be cleared before it can fire again.

Mfjollnir Statistics
Difficulty Damage Range Rate Clip Conceal.
8 10 100 1 10 T
ee Raptor Silencer
Arete n/a, Quinte:
Through a sophisticated baffling system (i.e., a Corre-

sence 10

spondence "tunnel"), a Raptor Silencer redirects the sound
of a gun blast to some distant location. Most city dwellers,
used to gunshots in the night, think nothing of the noises
and never investigate. Aside froma muffled "thup," the gun
makes no sound whatsoever. The "Quintessence points"
reflect the Silencer's durability. After 10 shots or bursts, a
Raptor wears out and must be replaced.

¢¢ WatchCom

Arete n/a, Quintessence n/a
the heyday of Dick Tracy, this gadget
offers high-resolution communications in the disguise of a

Popular sinc

normal (if expensive) wristwatch. Some varieties resemble
cheap watches, pocket watches, stopwatches or other forms
of jewelry.

WatchComs come in sets and must be programmed to
contact each other. The programming sets up a "closed
channel"; nothing else can pick up the conversation. An
employee with a WatchCom can talk to her counterpart as
if the two were standing next to each other, so long as both
The

WatchCom's powerful battery ensures that unless the De-

Associates remain within a five mile radius

vice is smashed to bits, the lines remain open
#** Power Suit
Arete 2-5, Quintessence 10-25

"Dress for success" is more than a slogan when you're

wearing a specially crafted item from van Camp Studios,
Klennhaur Fashions or Stacey Glenn Sportswear. These

labels indicate more than good quality; each of these design-

ers isa "talented" individual, and all of their creations imbue
the wearer with a supreme sense of confidence — a sense so
powerful that it intimidates everyone in the area.

"Power Suits" (the name covers items of clothing
ranging from full suits to ties or leisure wear) are made to
order, tailored to fit the employee and cut to flatter his
figure. They're hideously expensive, of course, but are well


worth the price. A Suit's materials are enhanced with
Matter Adjustments for strength and imbued with a bit of
Mind influence. When worn, a Power Suit calms the
wearer while sending out an "inferiority signal" to every-
one else in the room. A person dressed this way adds two
to five dice to his Social Dice Pools; characters who try to
impress him add +2 to their Social difficulties. In story

terms, this sharp-dressed man seems larger than life, too
impressive to ignore. The awe a Power Suit inspires
"recharges" its Quintessence supply (through a Prime 3
"regenerator"), so unless the Suit is completely destroyed,

the impression lingers. A tattered Power Suit simply

makes the wearer seem rugged and sexy, not unkempt.
(Some Syndicate Associates also favor clothing by
Mr. Lucian [see Book of the Wyrm, page 113]. This

exclusive line of designer clothing brings out the worst in

the wearer's personality, but lacks any sort of special
power other than the ability to turn rich people into
greedy fools.)
UniCash Card

Arete n/a, Quintessence n/a

Like the MIDAS Card, a UniCash Card allows the
holder to draw upon essentially limitless cash reserves. The
difference is clearance; while the MIDAS keeps track of the
charges, a UniCash Card is a free lunch. The withdrawals
are distributed across hundreds of accounts, chalked up to

"services charges" and ignored. Naturally, UniCash Cards
are reserved for respected personnel on important business
and only Man-

Only favored Associates receive such cards,

agers and Chairmen can use them freely.
Universal ID (UNIVID)
Arete 4, Quintessence 20

Sometimes it's essential to belong. In this modern age

of security checkpoints and ID scanners, this Device, a
clear plastic card crossed with magnetic strips, is a valu-
able infiltration aid. A small matrix of dots decorates the
back of the card in a 4x3 pattern; the UNIVID holder keys
her card to a specific type, waits a moment for the Adjust-
ments to clear, and produces an ID card or badge that fits
any situation. Pictures, magnetic codes, even special ma-
terials can be faked with a UNIVID. Naturally, it helps if
the character has a genuine ID card to work from; cobbling
up a forgery without a reference model is chancy and
requires a Wits + Technology roll (difficulty 8) to do it
successfully. Even with a model, the card isn't 100%

effective; an "Arete" roll (difficulty 7) is necessary to
complete the fake ID.

Unlike many of the lower-level Devices, the UNIVID's
effects are vulgar; Sleepers cannot use this gadget and
Technomancers should make sure they're alone before
activating the UNIVID's powers. The Storyteller may want
to make the "Arete"

oll herself, and let the player discover
the card's effectiveness the hard way.

Chapter Three: Playing the Market

a


ee Tactical High-Operation Manual Armament
(THOMAS)
Arete 3, Quintessence 20

Mjollnir's big brother, this submachine gun fires high-

velocity slugs with steel-shredding force and uncanny

accuracy. Crafted from smooth black steel, this fearsome
toy recalls the old-time "Chicago typewriters" that made —
and broke — the bloody millionaires of the Roaring ‘20s.

Despite its huge size, weight and firepower, the "Tommy
gun" absorbs most of its own recoil. The gun's light kick
makes it ideal for front-line office workers who want to keep
abackup underneath their desks. With the snap of a switch,
the gun can adjust to fire ammunition of any caliber. Unlike
its chattering cousins, THOMAS delivers its payload qui-
etly; equipped with a Raptor, the gun is deadly silent. An
extra feature, which can be screwed on to the top of the
barrel, fires laser-guided rockets. (The explosions, we should
note, are not silent!) Like the Mjollnir, "Tommy" tends to
misfire in the grip of a Provider; it's really too expensive to
waste on un-Enlightened personnel anyway

THOMAS Statistics (gun and rocket)

Difficulty Damage Range Rate Clip Conceal.

7 10 300 3 50 N
7 13* 200 1 1 N
Technocracy: Syndicate

* inflicts full damage at ground zero, -1 die for every

yard removed from the blast center. No extra damage added
for Dexterity + Firearms successes.

¢¢¢e Universal Systems Access Computer (USAC)

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

This cellphone-sized keyboard with a transmitter mo-
dem may access any computer system, network or hardrive
within 100 feet. Standard issue gear for InSpectors, the
USAC functions like anormal computer deck (Mage, pages
244-245). It does not utilize a Trinary design, but can
interface with any mundane system. Although it isn't
usually vulgar, the USAC is pretty advanced; Managers
never give it to un-Enlightened personnel. A Financier
a USAC — it doesn't
run itself, and any hacking must be done by hand.

must understand computers to utiliz

The Syndicate uses two USAC designs: a manual key-
board and a voice-activated system. The latter still has bugs,
and occasionally scrambles commands or twists the data. A
Correspondence port connects the USAC to other comput-
ers; no cable is necessary, but the outside system must be up
and running before the USAC can access it. An energy cell

powers the USAC for up to 20 days before it needs to be
recharged. Paradox fluctuations disrupt the computer's frag-
ile memory, so InSpectors have learned to be very careful

when hacking into protected or public databases.


Perks

Skill is fine, genius is splendid, but the right
contacts are more valuable than either.

— Sir Archibald McIndoe, The Wit of
ledicine

Money opens many doors, and itopens them
pretty wide. While mostMage charactersscrabble
around in the dark, the Syndicate's yawning
coffers secure special benefits for its members.
A good health plan is just the beginning...

Background Ratings
Over Five

While many mystickal resources — Avatar, Chantry,
Dream, etc. — have upper limits, certain mundane Back-
grounds can exceed the usual five dots. These wellsprings
aren't easy to cultivate (the average mage might take a
lifetime or more to acquire a Library of 6), but certain
sorcerers find them easier to attain than others. As a rule,
Syndicate Associates are the wealthiest wizards in the
Earthly realm. Hence, it makes sense that many of them
would have greater resources — better Backgrounds —
than the average Mage character could draw upon.

The listings below describe the upper levels of the
Backgrounds in question. We've included a full listing of
the Resources Background for troupes without The Book of
Shadows; that Trait is a cornerstone of any Syndicate
character. Backgrounds aren't "free" — they require main-
tenance. A charz

cter with extensive Influence, forexample,
would need to spend a fair amount of time traveling around,
keeping each of her contacts fresh.

The following Backgrounds cannot exceed five dots:

Arcane, Avatar, Destiny, Dream, Familiar, Mentor and
Sanctum. A troupe using the optional point-based Chantry
creation system (The Book of Chantries, pages 170-181)
could allow player characters to buy a Chantry Background
rating above 5, but under normal circumstances it remains
limited to a one to five range. A character with many
Talismans (or one big one) might be able to spend between
12-20 points (six to 10 dots) on the Talisman Background,
but only with the Storyteller's caution and approval. Story-
tellers may feel free to limit any player character's Background
rating; the upper levels may be too rich for some chronicles
to handle. We recommend that no player character be
allowed to attain a Background rating higher than 8 in any
case. Few people in the world have this much influence.

Allies

A Syndicate employee makes lots of "friends." In the
normal run of exchange, he might acquire large "favors" from

powerful individuals — gang bosses, millionaires, senators,

A character with lots of powerful connec-
tions might be able to call up a small army in a pinch. This
Background resembles the lower levels of the same Trait in all
, but provides a greater number of Allies. Naturally, the
greater the numbers, the less loyal each individual becomes.

vampire princes.

wa)

coccee Six moderately powerful Allies, many

"lesser" sidekicks, or three really
dangerous ones.
eeeccee SeveniAliesaamall gangrorahandfal
of strong supernatural beings.
eecccoee Eight Allies, asmall army of followers,
or a large amalgam of dedicated
Technomancers.

Nine

or a number of loyal amalgams.

eccccccce eparate A lies, a private militia,

eeeceeeees Ten potent Allies, several hundred
followers, or a variety of powerful

mages or other creatures.

Influence

Some people are familiar faces worldwide; others, not
quite as famous, hold the puppet strings for government

officials, media makers, activist leaders and military com-
manders. At this level,

a good plan and a successful Manipulation + Influence roll.

character can sway world events with
The difficulty depends on the feat and the actions taken.
Overthrowing a recently elected regime with a multimillion
dollar bribe would be difficulty 6; arranging the assassination
of Great Britain's prime minister would be difficulty 10 (at
least). On abotched roll, the character's plans fail horribly; this
setback might cost a dot of Influence, and could send other
story elements (like an InterPol manhunt) into action as well.

eoccce Influence in one nation's aff
eocccce Influence in twoor three related nations.
eoccccce

Influence across a continent.

eecccccce Influence in a sphere (First World,
Third World, etc.)

eecceceeee = Influence worldwide.

Library

Powerful individuals can draw upon national archives,
Chantry libraries, computer networks and other "shared"
resources. While most large libraries are open to outside use,
a character with a large Library rating receives preferential
treatment at the archive of her choice. Since it's pretty
difficult for a single person to comb through such monu-
mental stores of information, this Background implies that
aff to aid her.

the character can call upon a small research s
If the collection is a private one, the character must have
someplace to store it and someone to maintain it.

Chapter Three: Playing the Market 53

IVE

NO? All

A huge private collection.
A good-sized Chantry archive.
A national archive.

¢¢ — Astorehouse of worldly wisdom and lore.

¢ Several huge archives worldwide.

Node

A strong Technocrat can secure some literally Prime
real estate. The usual forms must be filled out, of course, and
bribes and reports are the order of the day. Assuming that
she's staked out a good location and kept the "Creative
Juices" flowing, however, there's no reason why a loyal
Syndicate employee would have to go without a metaphysi-
cal oil well. (Powerful Tradition mages could do the same,

of course, but these rich reserves tend to stand out like
beacons when the Qui La Machine come calling.) This
ackground works in all ways like a "standard" Node Trait.

ee

° Six Quintessence/week.
Eight Quintessence/week.
Ten Quintessence/week.
Fifteen Quintessence/wee
Twenty Quintessence/week.

Resource

Magick isn't everything. Sooner or later, every mage needs

cash. For employees of the Syndicate, funds are alw:
obtain. As nice as a large expense at
nothing beats good credit and h. This Trait reflects
a character's personal wealth — her immediate, liquid assets.

pile of

Turning these assets into cash isn't always a quick process;
it might take weeks. The Background assumes an "allowance,"
though, so unless some outside party freezes the character's
accounts, cancels her credit or seizes her belongings (always a
possibility when dealing with the Syndicate), the assets are her

property, to do with as she chooses. Note that sudden reversals
of fortune (or Fortune) can wipe this Background out. The
Storyteller should remember that the wealthier you are, and the
higher your standard of living, the more attention you attract.

Those in the upper levels of wealth can play in world of

international finance. A character who wants to juggle an
industry or two can speculate on the market, changing trends,
leading takeovers or crashing companies. A Manipulation +

Influence roll can shift the market in the character's favor (see
"Influence"); a botch can wreck both her plans and the local
economy. The Syndicate frownson carelessmarketspeculation,
incidentally. A character whomakesone toomany mistakes
watch her fortune disappear in a single stroke of "bad luck."

an

. Small savings. You rent an apartment
and might own an old car. If liquidated,
your Resources might yield $1000 cash.
Allowance: $500 per month.

Middle class. You rent, but rent well, and
haveadecent car. Ifliquidated, youmight
get$8000 cash. Allowance:$1200permonth.

54 Technocracy: Syndicate

Large savings or income. You've got a
home of your own. If liquidated, the
Resources total roughly $50,000 cash
Allowance: $3000 per month.

Well-off. You havea good-
afewcarsandsome property. Liquidated,
yourassets would be worth over $50,000.
Allowance: $9000 per month.

zed house,

Rich. You've got overa million dollars
at hand and own lots of property and
goods. Allowance: $30,000 per month.

Multimillionaire. Whatever you want,
you have.

Welcome to the billionaire's club. At
this point, youcan influence an entire

business or industry.

You can control two global industries.

You can access several international
industries.
© The world is your checkbook

The Pentex Connection

SPD's dirty little secret, the Pentex megacorporation

lies hidden behind a network of mystickal protections and
front companies. Official Syndicate records describe the
group as one of dozens of mundane conglomerates, and state
that the Convention has the organization well in hand.
The reality, as is often true in Mage, is quite another matter

Pentex isa channel for corruption on an unearthly scale. Its
board of directors serves a host of demonic powers. Its products
literally bring out the worst in their consumers. Its interests are
protected by armies called First Teams, most of whom have been
possessed by evil spirits. (See "Fomori," below, and Werewolf:
The Apocalypse for full details.) Materialists that they are, most
Syndicate Managers miss the spiritual corruption that flows
from Pentex operations. The few who acknowledge the paran-

ormal powers behind the corporation trust in their Convention
to cancel out Pentex's taint. In the name of business, many of
these deluded employees obtain extra perks from Pentex

servants, secret agents, cash kickbacks or even Wyrm-driven

ctivitie

powers — and cover up the firm's

and its connections to the
ntion apart. This would not
tate the

A total exposure of Pente:
Syndicate could tear the Conve

necessarily beagood thing. A full-scaleschismcouldde'

world economy — imagine the Roaring ‘20s gang wars with a
supernatural kick and blown up toa global conflict. The seeds of
this battle are already growing in the Syndicate's shadier opera-
tions. In time, they might blossom into truly poisonous fruit.
Naturally, a Storyteller who dislikes Werewolf's super-
natural atmosphere may feel free to disregard the Pentex
connection; likewise, a chronicle that emphasizes Mage
metaphysics and the solidarity of the Technocracy is prob-
ably better off without spiritual corruption muddying the


waters. The Convention's ties to Pentex assume thatall the

World of Darkness games exist in the same world. If your

troupe prefers to leave well enough alone, keep Pentex as a
shadowy entity or disregard it altogether

Outsourcing

Grand Financiers do not depend on their own labora-
tories to provide all of their gear. Why bother? The rest of
the Technocracy owes them favors, and that debt is a grand
resource. Syndicate Enforcers regularly use fully equipped
Spectre Limousines from the NWO, computer software and
virus programs designed by Iteration X, and Progenitor
drugs, serums and healing procedures.

This practice, called outsourcing, is handled through Dis-
bursements. Agreements are drawn up between the Syndicate
and the other Conventions, stipulating a certain percentage of
an outstanding debt to be repaid in hardware. When received,
the outsourced equipment is either put directly to use in the
field, modified by
or stockpiled in Syndicate armories for emergency use. In the

researchers in the Special Projects Division

interest of fairness, Disbursements outsources in the opposite
direction too, supplying some of SPD's "homegrown" cre-
ations to the other Conventions' field agents.

For game purposes, outsourcing gives an Enforcer or
InSpector a much broader range of equipment to choose
from. Because Syndicate Disbursements controls the funding
of each and every Convention, it essentially "owns" equip-
ment from the NWO's Q Division, the research labs of
Progenitor Pharmacopeists, and other aspects of Conven-
tion R&D. A Syndicate employee could conceivably carry
any Device in the various Technocracy: books, assuming she
had the training to use it properly and the clearance to obtain

it. That clearance works like the "Assigned Gadgets" rule in
Technocracy: NWO (pages 52-53): An employee curries
favor with her superiors, the better her relationship and

performance, the higher her "clearance" — in game terms,
her Backgrounds point total. Those points "pay" the Back-
P
grounds cost of the assigned Device (assume two points per
dot). The points do not add to the character's regular
Backgrounds total, and the gadgets do not belong to the
gadg
must be returned at the end of a mission. A

employee. The
change in status means a change in points.

Relationship to Manager Background Points
Poor 0-3

Fair 3-5

Good 5-7

Very good 7-10
Exemplary 10+

Outsourcing has one nasty double edge: Because no
Convention wants to give away every secret of their techno-
logical developments, the process occasionally funnels
substandard equipment in both directions. Outsourced
equipment tends to malfunction, often at bad times, espe-
cially if the Conventions are at odds at the moment

Chapter Three: Playing the Market

a" _—"_3

Y,

Money Men

A psychopath kills forno reason. I killformoney.

— Martin Blank, Grosse Pointe Blank

Syndicate employee Traits depend on
the character's specialization. A World Bank
bookkeeper obviously won't possess the street-

smarts of a yakuza killer. Even so, the
Convention rewards individual initiative. If
that bookkeeper just happened to have learned
sination techniques or drug smuggling

tricks, he might rise through the ranks that much faster.
Promotion within the Syndicate is based more on
personal aptitudes, ambition and connections than on

rr

magickal advancement. A powerful Cl n might pos-
sess a low Arete, a handful of basic Sphere skills and
Backgrounds like Allies, Influence and Resources. An

accomplished Associate hitman with "real talent" might be
a regular Keyser Soze, brimming with tricks, Devices and
mystickal Backgrounds like Arcane, Dream and even Fa-
miliar. The individual's personality will determine which

skills he possesses and what he does with them

Providers

As Chapter Two suggests, many Syndicate Providers

begin as desperate or ambitious folks. Many of them never

discover the true nature of their employer; at best, they

recognize that "the business" is bigger than it initially appeared
to be. Nevertheless, most un-Enlightened Providers demon-
strate a fierce sense of loyalty (or at the very least, fear), and few
of them know much about the big picture. A captured Sleeper
cannot blurt out the name, rank and Sphere levels of her
Enlightened superior; to her, there's no such thing as magick,

just advanced science and fickle fate. Some people simply

understand those elements better than others, and those
people do not share their secrets with the typing pool.

Most Providers are innocuous folks with little or no
combat experience. Destiny's Price, the street-level
sourcebook for the World of Darkness, contains a wealth of
information about organized crime, street subcultures, drugs
and the black market, and includes templates for a variety
of hardcases — an ideal collection of Providers for the
Enforcement division — on pages 96-98.

Attributes: 6/4/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Backgrounds
Willpower: 3, Spheres: n/a, Arete: n/a

Fomori

Managers of the Special Projects Division can, on
occasion, call upon the less-than-kosher troops of Pentex.
These "resources" are deeply illegal — Technocrats who
shly punished by
upper Management — so they rarely display an open

willingly employ reality deviants are

connection to the Syndicate. Fomor First Teams (paramili-

56 Technocracy: Syndicate

tary groups equipped with heavy weaponry and supernatu-
ral powers) aren't simply "super soldiers," though many

SPD personnel like to think of them that way; instead,

fomori "enhancements" come from a parasitic relationship
with evil spirits that consume a fomor's body and soul even
as they grant him outrageous abilities. These abilities in-
clude everything from psychic powers and seduction talents
to overt disfigurements like armored skin and toxic vomit.

The inhuman powers fomori possess (no pun intended)
go beyond the scope of this book. A Storyteller who wishes
to emphasize the Pentex connection by employing fomori
can create them with either the Special Advantages from
Ascension's Right Hand (pages 80-89) or the "true" Wyrm
powers offered in the Werewolf: The Apocalypse supple-
ments Book of the Wyrm and Freak Legion. Both of the
latter offer a more in-depth look at the Tainted Ones than

n:

this Technocracy: book can give.
Attributes: 10/7/3, Abilities: 15/10/7, Background:
Willpower: 5, Spheres: n/a, Arete: n/a Special Powers: 10-20

Associates

The "lower ranks" span a great range of ability. While
the average Associate possesses minimal skill or experi-
ence, a seasoned pro would have the Trait statistics of a
Mai

on connections and aptitudes, not on the Trait ratings on

ger or even a Chairman. Real advancement depends

a given character's sheet. In story terms, however, an
Associate must defer to her superior's position, even if she
commands a greater degree of mystickal skill. Influence and

wealth are the real powers in the Syndicate
Attributes

7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Backgrounds: 7-10,
, Spheres: 6-8, Arete: 1-3

Willpowe
Managers

Given their larger sphere of influence, Syndicate Man-
agers possess greater Background ratings than many other
mages of their general level. That clout translates to other

things, too: a "voice of command" that allows one to speak
with the power of the entire Convention; a vast network of
information and wealth at her disposal, assuming she goes
through the right channels; and the general obedience of
her subordinates.

Managers rarely appear "in the field." Most work their
magick from behind a desk, advising, calculating or maneu-
vering the Syndicate's greater resources. Hence, they rarely
showsigns of Paradox or mystickal talent. Like Don Corleone
or Goldfinger, they command their legions through subtle
but powerful gestures and words. "Front-line" Associates
might rival a Manager's Traits but not her greater authority.

Attributes: 10/6/3, Abilities: 16/12/5, Backgrounds: 10-15,
Willpower: 7, Spheres: 8-10, Arete: 3-5


Chairmen

The powers behind most thrones, these elusive lords
work far outside the battlefields, conspiring against their
rivals from a distance. The Chairs are clever, dedicated,
knowledgeable, rich, and almost always men ("office poli-
tics" assure that few women achieve this rank). Less than 50
Chairmen exist worldwide, but their influence is incalcu-
lable. They rarely take a personal hand in any single bit of
busin
command. Magick is rarely an issue with these remote

but disperse orders and advice through a web of

executives; if a Chairman chooses to manifest his will, he
usually leaves someone else to do the actual work. Mind and
Entropy are the only Arts a Chairman is likely to use on a
f he does

regular ba: so, you can be sure that the Effects
will be coincidental but utterly ruthless.
Attributes: 1 1/7/4, Abilities: 18/15/7, Backgrounds: 17-25,

Willpower: 8, Spheres: 8-12, Arete: 4-8
VPOs

Ten Vice Presidents make up the Syndicate's Board
of Directors. en control the geographical spheres of
influence (see Chapter Two); two others act as alter-

nates and coordinators, and one — a Sir Jonathan Saint

Christopher Rey, descendant of Sir Charles Rey — fills
the CPO spot. At present, the Board is a boy's club. No
women are allowed, though two Board members are
Asian, one is black and another is Jewish. These wealthy
Technocrats are legends to the mortal world; they rarely
attend to Earthly affairs, but their names echo in the
darkened corners of high society.

At the present time, the Board membership is as
follows: Sir Jon Rey (CPO), Grant Morgenstern and
Alexander Remington (coordination), Archibald Proctor
(North America East), James E. Shih (North America
West), Roberto deGama (South America), Fyodor
Alexander Mikailovich (Europe East), Joseph von Reisman
(Europe West), Asim al-Kala (Middle East/Africa), and
Takahasi (Orient/Australia). A number of "aspir-

airmen are waiting in the wings, but no one has

made an open challenge against a Board member since
World War II. This may change, howe
and economics have been redrawing themselves at a
frightening rate. Word has it that the current Board does

not understand modern concerns and that it's only a

world borders

matter of time before an internal coup deposes the old
leadership and brings in cutting-edge leadership. The
resolution remains to be seen.

Chapter Three: Playing the Market 57

DA mes


Ke ih

Ai Hie aN
Ay


Chapter Four:
Diefenbakker's

Casino

You think those places in Reno or Vegas are just for harmless fun? Nuts,
they're there for the little guey, the something-for-nothing sucker, the lad that stops

off with his pay envelope in his pocket and loses the week-end grocery money The
rich gambler loses 40 grand and laughs it off and comes back for more. But the rich
gambler don't make the big racket, pal. The big steal is in dimes and quarters and
half-dollars and once in a while a buck or even a five-spot. The big racket money
comes in like water from the pipe in your bathroom, a steady stream that never stops
flowing... That's for the Syndicate, that's what really makes the profits

Raymond Chandler, The

Diefenbakker's, located in Vancouver,

B.C.,is the newest in a line of casinos springing

J up within hailing distance of the Canadian-
American border. In operation for barely a year,
this palace of northern lights sits on the former
grounds of Expo Site, in the heart of the city
Pullingpeople in from metropolitan Vancouver

to as far away as Seattle and Tacoma,
Diefenbakker's has become a neon-lit jewel of
entertainment in the Pacific Northwest

Long Good-bye

as the natives have nick-

Diefenbakker's (or "Dief
named it) provides a dispatch center for the Syndicate's
most recent North American operations, and has quickly
become one of its most successful profit-making enterprises.
The casino also constitutes the newest base of its financial
parent company, Dominion Consolidated Gaming, Ltd
This Syndicate-owned corporation controls majority hold-
ings in casinos all along the Canadian-American border,
including enterprises in Niagara Falls (directly across from
Buffalo), and Windsor, Ontario (directly across from De-

Chapter Four: Diefenbakker's Casino 59


NO Ail

troit). To top it off, Dominion controls significant consult-
ing interests in the many Native American gaming halls
throughout Canada and the northern United States.
Many of Diefenbakker's operating expenses are ab-
sorbed by profits from these other casinos, through the
consolidation fees collected by DCG Ltd.. The amount

of money collected through DCG Ltd. makes Syndicate
Managers happy. Diefenbakker's works, not only as a

major casino and entertainment complex, but as a cen-
tral site for building and expansion. Who needs to steal
when so many people go out of their way to hand you

everything they have?

Amalgam: The Pit Bosses

Diefenbakker's, by its very nature, em-
ploys hundreds of workers in its various
phases of operation, both inside and out-
side the casino complex. A job at Dief's is
considered a real treat, so the complex has
no shortage of good people. A large staff of
highly skilled and very attractive hosts,

s and dealers keep the complex
SJ hopping, while a tough security force (see
"Staples" in Chapter Three) of 40 men
and 10 women keeps order when neces
rity officer carries a WatchCom, a taser, a 9 mm pistol,
and works a five-day, forty-hour shift each week. As a
tule, these guards are motivated, loyal and, above all,
smart. With the exception of their chief, however, they
are not Awakened.

ary. Each secu-

The real "magic workers" of the operation, the people
who have made Diefenbakker's the success that it is,
form an amalgam quaintly nicknamed the "Pit Bosses."
Two other Enlightened staffers, Nathan Port (Media
Control) and Charline Steeler (Disbursements), k
track of casino operations; as mere Associates, however,
they have little real power (see Chapter Three for Asso-
ciate statistics). Other Technocrats come and go from
Dief's, but the Pit Bosses are a constant feature. While

Pp

many of the complex's mundane staff recognize
Diefenbakker's "big wheels," the Sleepers have no idea

of the true extent of the Bos
To them, John Simcoe, Mack Brolin and Tori
Whittingham are simply very charismatic and skillful

powers or connections.

people.

John Eaton Simcoe
Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Architect

Essence: Questing

Methodology: Financiers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 2,
Diplomacy 4, Intrigue 4, Intuition 3, Seduction 3, Sense
Deception 4, Streetwise 4, Style 5, Subterfuge 5, Dancing 2,

60 Technocracy: Syndicate

Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Gambling 4, Gunsmithing 2,
Hunting 3, Leadership 4, Ride 3, Survival 2, Technology 3,
Tracking 3, Computer 2, Culture 3, History 3, Law 3,
Linguistics (French, Tlingit) 2, Lore (Garou 2, Kindred 2,
Traditions 2), Science (Economics) 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Avatar 3, Chantry 4, Influence 6,
Resources 8, Sanctum 4 (a log mansion outside the city)
Arete: 7

Spheres: Entropy 4, Forces 4, Life 3, Matter 3, Mind 4, Time 3
Quintessence: 8

Willpower: 8
Paradox: 2

History: John Eaton Simcoe (not his real name)
Danada as a merchant at the beginning of

came over to
the 19th century. Self-Enlightened at an early age, he
soon established himself as an important director of the
Hudson's Bay Company, which controlled trading and
economic development in Ontario, Quebec and the
Maritimes. Simcoe made a fortune in trading between
the States and Canada during the first half of the
century and soon became one of the richest men in the
Canadian Northeast. When gold was discovered in
California in 1849, he traveled to San Francisco, set-
ting himself up as a banker and investing in several
successful saloons and faro houses in the city. When the
gold ran out at Sutter's Mill, Simcoe built up his little
banking empire on the West Coast, and soon held

controlling shares in many of the banks and mortgage
companies in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Sacramento
and other bustling Californian cities.

In 1897, gold was again discovered, this time in the
Yukon Territories of northern Canada. Again, John
Eaton Simcoe followed the money, repeating his suc-
es with banking and gambling houses in the rapidly
growing mining center. By the turn of the century,
Simcoe controlled a network of banks and entertain-
ment houses stretching from San Diego to the Alaskan
border. He poured more capital into his gaming and
entertainment houses and stayed rich until the boom
town went bust. Ducking from sight, he established a
series of aliases; John Simcoe is only the most recent of

ci

many names he has used.


In the 1950s, Simcoe and a few of his Syndicate
brethren pooled their resources in the gaming industry to
form the Dominion Gaming Group, which eventually
became known as DCG Ltd.. Simcoe himself is personally
responsible for the vast operation of the Diefenbakker's
complex. He holds a seat on the Symposium that oversees
the Technocratic operations for the Pacific Northwest;
although he leaves the mundane administrative duties to
his flamboyant friend Harold Wu (see Loom of Fate),

Simcoe is, in many respects, in charge of the Technocracy's

activities in the region
An avid hunter, Simcoe escapes the casino on week-
ends to share a huge log mansion with his longtime lover

andra Watkins, a computer analyst who, while un-Awak-
ened, is aware of the Technocracy's "advanced" nature
Although she's nearly 50 years old, Sandra appears to be a
very fit 30. The two have been involved for nearly 25 years
and trust each other implicitly. Even so, Sandra has nothing

to do with Diefenbakker's. The couple refuses to mix their

personal and professional lives.

Image: John Eaton Simcoe appears to be in his early
40s; treatments from his Progenitor colleagues and a firm
exercise regimen keep him trim and healthy. He stands
5°11" with salt-and-pepper hair worn ina Julius Caesar cut
His Cary Grant-ish charisma wins many people over on
sight; his piercing-blue eyes reassure rivals that he's always
a step ahead of them.

As the CEO of Diefenbakker's, Simcoe is the sole
liaison between the casino and the outside world, and he
takes great care in preserving his hypnotic good looks
and demeanor for this purpose. Simcoe dresses in basic
conservative Armani suits, white shirts and power ties.
He's affable with the casino's patrons but merciless with
his competitors

DWE

Roleplaying Tips: To the outside world, you are
Diefenbakker's. Preserving a positive image for both is
as important as managing the operations themselves.
Between the casino, Sandra, your duties to the Sympo
sium, and pesky intrusions from reality deviants, you
definitely have a full plate of activities. Keep some-
thing for yourself

You cannot and will not tolerate failure or treachery
from any of your underlings, but good service is worth
generous rewards. Be gregarious with the public when

.I.WH

mingling downstairs, but drop all pretenses with the
employees. You're their boss, not their friend. Tyranny is

counterproductive — a few well-chosen treats or threats

are more effective than an iron hand — but you can be

ruthless when necessary. Very ruthless

MacKenzie "Mack" Brolin
Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Pattern

Methodology
Attributes
Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 1, Diplomacy 4,
Sense Deception 5, Streetwise 5, Style 3, Subterfuge 4,

Special Projects

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 4,

Crafts 2, Drive 2,
Leadership 2, Research 4, Ride 1, Speed Reading 2, Technol

ogy 3, Computer 3, Investigation 2, Law 5, Psychology 4,

tiquette 4, Firearms 3, Gambling 3,

Science (Mathematics 3, Economics 3, Physics 2)

Backgrounds: Allies 6, Avatar 2, Influence 3, Library 3,

Resources 5

nf

Chapter Four: Diefenbakker's Casino 61


NO All

IW

Correspondence 1, Entropy 3, Life 2, Mind 3,

Quintessence: 2
Willpower: 7
Paradox: 0

History: Diefenbakker's Casino would never have
existed if it weren't for Mack Brolin's efforts. A former
associate of the famed gangster Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel,
Brolin was instrumental in tuning a barren patch of Ne-
yada desert into the tourist and gambling mecca known as
Las Vegas. Brolin's ability to crystallize and direct the
outlay of the gambler's paradise — in ways that suited him
ag mauich s they sulted hisassoetstes — impressed Simcoe;
who approached Brolin in 1965 and offered him a position
of Vice President of Research and Development at DCG
Led... Brolin quickly snapped up the offer, and has been
Simcoe's right-hand man ever since.

Brolin began his career as a talented Sleeper, but soon
emerged from his "blindness" under Simcoe's tutelage.
Over the years, Brolin has proven himself as an excellent
project director and deal maker. His efforts alone have
expanded the holding company's profit base nearly 800%
during his tenure with the firm. Under his guidance, DCG
Ltd. has widened its base of operations to include the

purchase and creation of new gaming palaces across the

world. As part of Special Projects, Brolin worked closely
with Ardus Enterprises in presenting a "safe environment"
for Diefenbakker's construction; he's also responsible for
coordinating and controlling the efforts of Pentex subsid-
iaries who wish to subcontract with Dief's. Although a weak
Technomancer, Brolin is a "can-do" guy who usually gets
what he wants.

MacKenzie is a soft-spoken man whose manners belie
his fascination with power. To him, intimidation, black-

mail and pressure are more effective tools than brute force.

A man can't work for you if he's got a broken back, and he
isn't likely to be your friend afterward, either. In Brolin's
eyes, power is best measured not in injuries or destruction
but in influence. The more people like you (or owe you
favors), the bigger your reach and the greater your power.
He's got a good word for everyone he meets and seems to be
sincere in whatever he says.

Even so, Brolin realizes the necessity of force. In
addition to extensive mob ties, he's got a personal goon
squad known as "the Cleaning Crew," a.k.a., Pentex First
Team #45 (see below). Despite their supernatural powers,
each member of the team can pass for normal in human
society —a trait Brolin exploits by giving them "unofficial"
positions in the security staff. While this has caused some
friction with Tori Whittingham, both partners realize that
open rivalry is counterproductive. The Cleaners function
as freelance "protection" around the casino, run occasional
"errands," and enjoy free run of the place in return.

62 Technocracy: Syndicate

Brolin likes building things; his hobbies include com-
plex puzzles, model kits and a collection of vintage cars
that he tries (without much success) to restore. His ulti-
mate goal is to leave a legacy of entertainment to the

Masses, profit to his associates and a grand inheritance to
his wife Marsha and their three children. To safeguard his
legacy, Brolin will do almost anything. Slander, extortion,
murder — sometimes it's all just part of the job. He does
not understand the true nature or purpose behind Pentex,
and would be horrified if he found out. As it is, he's too far
into it to retreat, but money and ambition have blinded
better men than Mack.

Image: Brolin looks about 33, stands 6'2", and has a
shock of curly red hair and a carefully groomed goatee. His
wardrobe rides the cutting edge of corporate casual; he
complements it with a pair of round wire glasses. For all his
drive and determination, Brolin is remarkably laid back; his
brain, however, remains in constant overdrive

Roleplaying Tips: Unlike Simcoe, youare the employees'
friend — or at least you want them to think so. Radiate
coolness, confidence and an easygoing manner to both work-
ers and patror
Dirty methods suit dirty jobs. You're not afraid to use them, but

you're the good cop in a world of bad ones

other tactics are more effective. A dead man isa waste of good
potential, and power values economy over all else.

Tori Whittingham
Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Director
Essence: Primordial
Methodology: Enforcers
Attribut
Manipulation 2, Appearance 4, Perception 4, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Sense Deception 3, Streetwise 3,
Crafts 2, Drive 3, Fast-Draw 2, Firearms 4, First Aid 2,
Gambling 2, Hunting 2, Leadership 3, Meditation 2, Melee 3,
Stealth 2, Technology 2, Tracking 2, Computers 2, Law 2,

: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6, Charisma 1,

Linguistics (Spanish, French) 2, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 2, Avatar 4, Resources 3
Arete: 2
Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Life 2, Mind 2
Quintessence: 5
Willpower: 6
Paradox: 3

Special Powers: Through Bane infestation,
Whittingham has acquired the following powers: Ber-
serker (3 points of Rage, allowing for extra actions; 3
points), Mega-Attributes (Strength & Stamina; 6 points),
Regeneration (one Health Level per turn; 5 points) and
Cause Insanity (3 dice; 6 points) — at the cost of the
following Taints: Addiction (psychotropic drugs; 3 points),


Brainwashed (loyal to Syndicate; 3 points), Derange-

ments (suicidal, 3 points; paranoid, 2 points) and Walking

Bomb (a safeguard from Pentex; 5 points) and a perma-
nently low Arete

History: In 1984, a young guard named Victoria Kelly
was discovered wandering through the wreckage of Liston

Industries, a Pentex subsidiary in the Vancouver area. Like

many of the other survivors, Kelly claimed to have been
attacked by a gang of terrorists; unlike many of the
others, she understood what she had seen. The sight of
wild Garou had demolished Victoria's illusions about
reality, Awakening her to greater possibilities.

As one of the few surviving security personnel, Kelly
was bundled off to Hartfield Psychiatric Facilities — a
"debriefing facility" for Pentex. Soon she was released
with a new-born Bane growing inside her. That Bane,
aided by Awakening, emotional shock and relentless
questioning about "the Liston affair," drove Victoria
suicidal. Haunted by nightmares and unable to hold a
job, she drifted in an emotional hell for half a decade

before a lucky meeting with Harold Wu brought her to

the Syndicate's attention. Never one to turn away a
talented agent, Wu hired Kelly and taught her new uses

for her tormenting "gifts."

It took Victoria 10 years of therapy, a name change

and a new employer — Mack Brolin — to put the pieces
of her psyche back together again. As a devoted member
of the Technocracy, the "reborn" Tori Wittingham main-
tains the security staff for the new casino complex. In
da

Predictably, she loathes reality deviants and kills them

y-to-day security operations, she's terse and efficient

whenever she can. During her rare off-hours, she joins
her boss on hunts of a more mundane kind. A close friend
to Simcoe's lover Sandra, Tori maintains an uneasy

WN OK

relationship with her direct supervisor, Brolin. She feels
his "associates" get in her officers' way, but avoids direct
confrontations on the subject. The casino's nighttime
patrons creep her out, but unless one of them breaks the
Tori

peace (some of them have, to their eternal regret),
leaves them alone.

Tori's nightmares still occasionally return, so she
continues her sessions at the Hartfield clinic; in turn,
the company has nurtured the Bane inside her, teach-
ing it to respond subliminally to Whittingham's
aggressions. It does this well. Tori is unusually strong
under the best of circumstances; when agitated, she
sends waves of madness throughout the room. Thanks
to the Boosters set up inside the complex, she rarely
reaches this state at work. Her private time is another

thing entirely; without meaning to, Tori provokes bar-

room brawls and nervous breakdowns whenever she

goes out on her own
Whittingham isa rare and dangerous thing: a fomor

that. She's aware of her

mage, and one at

crazy
unusual talents, but thinks they all come from the same

source. Her Avatar is a twisted thing, a demon-ridden

figure in a black hood, a hood that occasionally falls

back to reveal Tori's own face. Unlike many other
Technocrats, she accepts the existence of the super-
natural as a given. What else could explain what
happened at Liston? In her darker moments, she won

ders (correctly) if she is what she despises. These musings

keep Tori in a near-suicidal state. Her devotion to duty
masks a death wish that will probably satisfy itself
someday. In the meantime, she remains single and
alone. Aside from Sandra and Simcoe, the security

chief has few friends. No one, including Mack Brolin,

knows how deep her problems really go. Her romantic
affairs are short-lived and often end in violent fights
Tori Whittingham is powerful and determined, but
ultimately alone

Image: The security chief has the build of acomic book
heroine — a scary one. She stands a muscular 5'8", with
short blond hair cut in a fringe across her eyes. At work,
Whittingham disguises her position (and her build) under
jeans and bulky sweaters. Simcoe has described her as a
wounded tiger, and it's an apt comparison. Tori's green eyes
carry a feral hurt and her stance shows fight-or-flight poise.
A smart, attractive woman, she's still unnerving to be
around. Subordinates whisper that only her friendship with
the boss keeps her at the top

Roleplaying Tips: Keep a lid on the bullshit in your
head. You've got a good job, so don't fuck it up by acting
crazy. You'rea survivor, girl, sodon'teomplain about stall
stuff. Avoid the mirror — it shows you things you still can't

ails, exercise. A good workout

handle seeing. Whenall else

is balm for the soul

Chapter Four: Diefenbakker's Casino 6


NO Ail

WBS

The Cleaning Crew

Years ago, werewolves drove Pentex out of the
Vancouver area. Now, under deep cover, Pentex is
back. This paramilitary group, a stealth First Team
behind enemy lines, swears loyalty to their friend Mac

Demented, powerful and totally corrupt, the Crew
members are far smarter than many of their counter-
parts. They
orders well and socialize better than most of their kind

rarely throw their weight around, take

Which, of course, makes them far more dangerous than
a band of slavering lunatics would be. Vancouver is
hostile territory, and unlike most fomori, the Cleaning
Crew believes in self-preservation

All Crew personnel carry small firearms and knives
in addition to their "natural" weaponry. On missions,
they wear kevlar vests under trenchcoats and pack seri-
ous firepower — submachine guns, shotguns, grenades,
spiked gloves and even the occasional rocket launcher.
They save their antisocial tendencies for abducted vic-
tims or "wild rides" — punishment missions against folks
who demand terminal lessons. Under most circumstances,
however, Crew members seem charming and friendly.
Mack Brolin has given them personal WatchComs and
Devices that shield their crackling black auras from
Mind Sphere vision (although not from Spirit Sphere
detection). Additionally, the team's Pentex superiors

a

64 Technocracy: Syndicate

have given them the Deception power, allowing them to

walk alongside werewolves without detection. At worst,
the Crew resembles a gang of refined thugs, not a pack of
supernatural killers. The only ones who know the truth
are either on their side or dead

The Cleaning Crew is: Leia G (a super-strong Enticer

fomor); Brad Krupp (a hulking, handsome "brute" fomor),
"Mother" Teresa Markley (another Entic
provokes madness in her victims), Keven Forrest (a

who also

"brute" with corrosive vomit and thick skin), Fenner
Kahnn (a Rank Three Black Spiral Dancer werewolf,
one saner than most) and Oliver Kent (a Brain-Eater
fomori). Although they favor team tactics, Crew mem-
bers appear to work alone, standing out like Judas goats
while the other teammates circle the intended target.
On a prearranged signal, the attack begins. So far, the
Crew has "mopped up" nearly a dozen werewolves, a half-
dc

hundred normal humans. Even so, they're hidden in

n vampires, two Tradition cabals and nearly a

plain sight. Between the team's efficiency, their con-
cealed nature and Brolin's connections, no one has
linked that huge body count to a single group, much less

to a Pentex strike force. The Cleaning Crew remains a

well-kept secret. (See Chapter Three and the Werewolf:

The Apocalypse supplement Freak Legion for details

about fomori and Black Spiral Dancers.)


=:

Construct Description: The Casino

Diefenbakker's Casino is a three-storied
ncouver. Itsits on the

northern banks of False Creek, which runs
east to west through the city. Like practically
the
maple leaf asa key trademark and motif; from

everything else in Canada, Dief's use:

an aerial view, the casino building lies in the
shape of a giant glass-and-steel maple leaf.
The roof is neon-outlined in Canadian red
and white; it's impossible to miss this large, bright symbol
of Canada from any decent vantage point in Vancouver.

ctone of the
largest, most diverse and most ambitious entertainment
structures in the country, on par with places like SkyDome
ive Canadian shopping mall in
Edmonton. A massive fountain stands in the center of the

Although it's called a casino, Dief's is in fe

in Toronto or the ma:

building's vaulted entrance foyer; the foyer itself features a
laser light show every hour on the hour — a sort of
welcoming vignette for all who visit the complex.

History

Diefenbakker's location has a checkered past. The
former Expo Site it's built upon was, until recently, a toxic
dump (see the Werewolf supplement Dark Alliance:
Vancouver). After a me
Mack Brolin (who arranged for some technomagickal help

sive cleanup effort engineered by

from Void Engineers, Progenitors and a Pentex subsidiary),
the site was declared safe and construction began. The
complex opened on New Year's Eve, 1995, and has enjoyed
phenomenal success ever since.

Brolin isn't the only "magic man" with shadowy ties.
John Simcoe's lover is a close friend of Julie Foster; Foster,
in turn, is the vampiric partner of Siegfried, the Kindred
prince of Vancouver. The women's friendship has nurtured

a similar relationship between their men, a bond that has
grown into genuine affection. Although Sandra is aware of
Juli
nature a secret. Simcoe realizes that Siegfried is a near-
immortal like himself, but the issue remains unspoken

thanks to a "gentleman's agreement" that both sides have

's "eccentricities," the vampires have kept their true

honored. (He remains blind to the corruption in his two
colleagues, but then, with only so many hours in a day, a

man's bound to miss something.)

This odd relationship has made Diefenbakker's pros-
per. The city's vampires consider the casino an Elysium, and
many possess VIP memberships in the Sterling Club (be-
low). The Technocrats know that some of their clientele
are, shall we say, unusual, but respect their odd habits so
longas no one is hurt. Siegfried has declared that a vampire

who breaks the Masquerade in the complex forsakes the
prince's protection; the fate of four Kindred who annoyed

Tori Whittingham (and six others destroyed by the Clean-
ing Crew) has given Siegfried's declaration teeth — and
reinforced his own power in the process.

Diefenbakker's may be a parasitic paradise, but it's
clean, quiet and profitable. The complex provides jobs and
Tori's staff
maintains order, and the crime rate remains low; the mun-

tons of tax revenue for the city of Vancouvei

dane folks are lulled into contentment by the club's
"modifications" and the organized crime figures all collect
their checks at the back door. Occasional blackmail efforts,
bribes and visits from the Cleaning Crew round out the
club's circle of protection, and everybody's happy. The
Masses have their fun, the Kindred get their sanctum,
Pentex gets concessions and the Syndicate makes money
from them all.
Isn't that nice?

Dominion Consolidated Gaming,
Ltd.

DCG Ltd. is one of the Syndicate's largest and most-

successful multi-corporations. Headquartered in Toronto,

DCG has a firm place developing, manufacturing and
promoting gambling equipment for casinos around the
world. The vast majority of the slots, roulette tables and
various other machines in North America come from DCG

factories and distributors. Syndicate operatives scattered

throughout DCG's major customers distribute and operate
these md
and funnel the cash winnings to any number of DCG

hines, collecting the Quintessence they absorb

offshore accounts.

Recently, however, DCG has expanded into a full-scale
network of casino ownership and propagation. Media Con-
trol, SPD and Financier agents champion casino gambling as
a fun, sure-fire cure for budgetary ills and government defi-
cits. Although DCG has influenced the growth of several
dozen casinos worldwide, Diefenbakker's is the group's first

"homegrown" casino enterprise. Dief's is DCG's baby, and
that baby is starting to grow up at an alarming pace.

"Modifications"

Under most circumstances, Diefenbakker's is a peace-
ful place; the local police are paid well to keep it that way
and will not take troublemakers lightly. In the interest of
security, the casino complex features several important
"modifications" that might become important if pesky
trespassers decide to infiltrate the place. In addition to
Tori's security staff, the complex personnel can call the
copsand expect a quick response. Player characters bent on
frustrating the Technocracy will have a difficult time if they
come to Dief's with guns blazing — especially considering
that firearms are largely illegal in Canada to begin with.

Chapter Four: Diefenbakker's Casino 65

PK

Ns

All

IIS

© Sensor Arrays: John Simcoe likes to keep an eye
on his investments. To that end, Dief's maintains an
extensive sensor array both inside and outside the
Video cameras monitor the hallways,

casino complex

offices, private gambling rooms and scan the larger
areas. Subtle bugs and hidden cameras spy on the hotel

rooms. Worse for intruding mages are the
technomagickal sensors that trace Quintessence boosts

rons who work magick within the

or fluctuations.
casino may trigger these Devices, alarming Dief's "more-
specialized" personnel to impending trouble.
Detection: The cameras in the open areas are
fairly obvious; anyone making Perception + Streetwise
roll (difficulty 6) will notice them. The hidden ones in
the rooms are more difficult to spot (difficulty 8), and

the bugs are next to impossible to detect (difficulty 10)

without some Forces or Matter sight, which reveals

their presence with a roll at difficulty
Mundane Sensors: Roll five dice against diffi-
culty 7 to spot trouble. Small, furtive or hidden actions
pit the character performing that action against the
camera's roll (resisted Dexterity + Streetwise roll vs
five dice camera pool). The roll's difficulty should be 6
for most actions, 8 for really subtle ones, and 4 for
obvious ones
Under most circumstances, private rooms are closely
watched. The hallways and large areas are, by necessity,
periodically scanned. The security staff isn't large or
attentive enough to watch everything all the time, so
there's a good chance that clever visitors can avoid
detection unless they do something really stupid. Dief's

is a busy place, after all, so Storytellers shouldn't be too

quick to send security unless something important oc-
curs in the common areas.

Magi
Really larg.
culty to 6 or even 5. Every two Quintessence points a
caster spends reduces the sensor's difficulty by -1. A

ckal Sensors: Roll five dice at difficulty 7

or vulgar Effects might lower that diffi-

mage casting a vulgar fireball and spending two points
of Quintessence would be detected on a 3 or better!
These sensors are keyed to ignore the Boosters de-
scribed below.

* IDC

carries a plastic security card. Each card grants access to

rds: Each of the five Technomancers

certain confidential locations. While these scan cards
resemble normal ID passes, each one of them has been
custom made. The magnetic strip carries a protected
encryption, of course; the real fail-safe is a biotech
This wonder of
Progenitor security matches the card's DNA sample
with the carrier's own. If the two don't match, the card

implant in the surface of the card

won't work. The odds against a successful match with
another person are so astronomical that only a carefully
grown clone could match the card's rightful owner. The

66 Technocracy: Syndicate

Progenitors specialize in such clones, naturally, but few

other mages could duplicate the feat — or the cardholder
— with any chance of success.

It would take an imposter time, luck and lots of
detailed information (not to mention:a tissue sample)
to fake a DNA code

find it difficult to forge the combination. (10 successes,

ven a Life magick master would

difficulty 9, if you allow a roll at all. Each try should
take hours or even days, and requires a sample from the
Technocrat in question.) If the card fails in the lock,
the lock seizes the card and melts it down, foiling
further abuse.
© Boosters: Law enforcement types marvel at
Dief's friendly atmosphere. Fights, breakdowns, sui-
cides and other nasty scenes are rare in this casino, and
everyone seems happy to spend their money freely.
There is a reason for this: Boosters, technomagickal
"happy boxes," send constant streams of "good vibes"
across the complex. A low-level Mind 2 Effect, pro-
jected from several dozen Boosters, entices visitors to
be generous and uninhibited while leaving their hostil-
ity atithe door. This isn't "mind control"; all patrons
and staff still have complete freedom to act. The Boost-
ers simply "put a good spin" on everything that happens
inside the place. In Dief's, the party is everywhere you
happen to be
Visitors with mystick Awareness (as the Back-
ground) or other magickal senses might notice a trace
"screen" throughout the casino. Storytellers might of-
fer players a Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 8)
to characters who might notice this Booster field, but
understanding its purpose requires an additional Mind 1
Effect (or an educated guess). Blocking out the Boosters
is easy enough once you realize what's going on; a
simple Mind 2 Effect or Willpower roll (difficulty 8)
overcomes the screen for the rest of that day. Other
wise, the casino seems honestly charming, a center of
good fun and goodwill.
¢ HIT Marks: When a powerful rival needs the
kind of attention that only an indestructible cyborg
could deliver, a HIT Mark V is the best delivery boy

money can buy. These "security officers" are too precious

for normal guard work, but can supplement the regular
staff (and perhaps the Cleaning Crew) in a pinch. If the

worst should come to pass, these six new guards emerge

from hidden niches, arm themselves and attack. Simcoe

has never needed to call out all six HIT Marks at once,

but he's used a few for occasional "special missions."
Dressed in normal security uniforms, these mechanical
killers carry automatic shotguns and stop for nothing and

no one. Two HIT Marks are ":

brawl, Simcoe,

ationed" on each casino

level. In an all-out Brolin and
Whittingham ez

and have authorization to use them.

ch possess the cyborgs' activation codes


Layout

Roughly two blocks around, the Diefenbakker's
complex consists of several interconnected buildings.
The casino occupies the middle of the "leaf," while the
Timberwolf Lodge stands to the west and the two clubs
and theatre dominate the east wing. Three floors of
basement levels keep the complex's support staff all but
invisible. To the visitor's eye, Dief's is a huge wonder-
land that seems to function all on its own

Ground Floor

© The Machines: Dief's central area is dominated
by two large gaming rooms filled with electronic gam-
slots, video poker and keno. A large
bank of monitors on the central wall displays lotteries

bling machine

from around Canada and the United States; Dief's has
an in-house system of "lottery bookies" who stay in
contact with the lotteries of all 50 states and 10
provinces. Through them, patrons can place bets on
the bounce of numbered ping-pong balls anywhere on
the continent

° Eighty-
It's totally soundproofed from the rest of the casino,
which is a damned good thing — Eighty-Sixer's is
jumping 24 hours a day, playing the current hits loud
and long. The club is built in a three-tiered circle; a

xer's: Eighty-Sixer's is a dance club.

bar on the middle level circumscribes the huge oval
dance floor in center of the room on the lowest level
The bar also shields tables and couches on the top
level from the dancers below. Wall-sized screens dis-
play the latest rock videos, and the customary strobe
lights, mirrored disco balls, and laser and neon light-
ing make Eighty-Sixer's a sensory inundation of the
most enticing sort.

© The Trading Post: This series of boutiques on
the ground floor sells everything from crystalware to
made-to-measure cowboy boots to upscale imported
children's toys. It even has an office where high-rolling
investors can buy shares in Diefenbakker's Casino.
Asking prices start at $1000 a share.

¢ The Timberwolf Lodge: Any good casino needs
a place for patrons to lay their heads after a long day's
gambling. The Lodge, a modest three-story hotel at-

tached to the casino, features inexpensive rates and

comfortable accommodations. Single rooms start at
$30.00 Canadian a night, while the deluxe suites cost
a mere $80.00 a night. The rooms are watched, of
course (see "Sensor Arrays"), and food and phone are
extra. Still, the management would rather gain pa-
trons' cash in the casino or the clubs, so they keep the
room rates low.

The Timberwolf consists of a small lobby (done in
faux-oak paneling and set around a huge stone fire-

Leentrance

2eslots and electronic
gaming

3¢video monitors

aeelghiy sixer's Dance
ch

tb
setrading post
o* Timberwolf Lodge
7eFountaln
aeefevators
SeRevOlUIN:

This building brought to you by the design
firm of Thomas and Thomas™

Chapter Four: Diefenbakker's Casino

ID. WWW


place), a small cafe and a dozen rooms on the first floor.

The upper floors have 24 single rooms, four doubles and
two suites each. A wolf's skin hangs on the lobby wall,
a black-furred pelt with silver hackles and markings
that resemble spectacles around its eyes. While hotel
staffers are quick to reassure squeamish visitors that the
skin is fake, it is, in fact, quite real. Patrons familiar
with the Garou may notice on close inspection that the
skin once belonged to a werewolf of the Glass Walker

tribe — one who disappeared just under two years ago.

Second Floor
© The Tabl

video gambling rooms, a collection of "manual" games

Situated directly above the slot and

await a more old-fashioned crowd: poker, blackjack,
roulette, baccarat and craps. A host of dealers urges

reluctant patrons to try their luck. The tables feature

odds stacked only slightly in the house's favor — the
normal laws of probability work well enough to ensure
a healthy profit without cheating, and patrons always
feel like risking more when things feel "safe."

* VIP Chambers: Private rooms are often avail-
able for closed

I-night poker sessions. These rooms
are, of course, monitored by staff within the central
security office through video, audio and Prime-attuned
sensors, and very little escapes their attention.

68 Technocracy: Syndicate

second Floor #

1 «Gaming Tables

V.1. p. chambers
3eThe sterling club
4*The Reed Room

rheatreg
o#timbertodge
7¢TIcCkKets and
concessions
seelevators
* REVOIVING DoOTS

This building brought to you

the design
firm of Thomas and Thomas™

* The Sterling Club: The Sterling Club is a more
apecule harthacrthedancehouredownstaixe. Thicplace,
all done up in mahogany, leather and brass, lends a
sense of class to the more sedate second floor. It also
houses small supper club for patrons and other high-
brow residents of Vancouver, who can purchase annual
or lifetime memberships in the Sterling Club. Such
memberships grant patrons preferred treatment in any
other part of Diefenbakker's, and costs $300 per year or
$1000 for a lifetime. The Sterling features a fine array
rts, all

of exotic foods, tasteful wines and famous de:

served with impeccable manners and five-star quality.
© The Reed Room: The Reed Room is Cotton
Club West, a ja

dining restaurant and live acts every night. A marked

/ swing/ big-band club with a fine-

contrast to the chaos of Eighty-Sixer's, the Reed Room
has hosted many old blues and jazz musicians and newer
acts as well. The Reed Room is a blast from the past, an
island of 1930s

milieu.

' elegance amid Diefenbakker's modern

© TheatreQ: Diefenbakker's also houses an eight-
screen TheatreQ on the second and third floors, playing
first-run Hollywood blockbusters as well as weekend
revivals and midnight cult classics. The TheatreQ also
houses an Internet cafe and a movie memorabilia store
on the first floor.


Third Floor

The third floor of Diefenbakker's casino ar
offices, conference rooms, counting rooms and vaults. The
, and the
west wing contains hotel rooms. All three sections are

a holds the

east wing holds the upper part of the Q multiple:

separated by reinforced, soundproofed walls; the only pas-
sage between them comes through a series of closely
monitored hallways guarded by false facades and ID card
s to the third floor is restricted to

security systems. Acces
those who actually work in the administrati

ve aspects of the
casino; most of the complex's dozens of employees have
never actually seen this level, and grim tales circulate
among the staff about the new guy who went to the wrong
area and was never seen again... Silly stories, of course, but
they do keep nosy folks downstairs where they belong.
The furnishings on the executive level recall John
Simcoe's fondness for the great outdoors. Desks are dark,

solid wood; the carpeting is forest green, and the lighting is
subtle and comforting. The artwork depicts hunts, cabins
and natural wonders. The third level speaks of money and

good taste in understated but unmistakable tone:

The Pit Bosses avoid any sort of spectacular dis-
. Even the technomagick
ist

plays around their employe
is subtle — no hovering tables or Al computers e

here. It should go without saying that mystick magick is

completely vulgar on this floor; any Paradox generated on

the third level sets off a silent alarm in the monitor station.
Overall, the place looks classy, rich and sophisticated, but
not unusually advanced. Simcoe is old-fashioned for a
Technocrat, and he likes to run a smooth shop.

¢ Access: The elevators in the central area stop at the
second floor. To go higher, astaffer must presenther ID card
(anormal security card, not the biotech ones) to a scanner
hidden behind a false panel by the elevator controls. A spy
can trick the system with a good Wits + Security Systems
If she
curity

roll (three successes, difficulty 8) and the right tools
fails

guards comes to "escort" the visitor toa suitable questioning

the elevator stops, alarms sound, and a trio of s

room. Magick can assist the roll, but an attempt to "hotwire"
the system without the right skills will crash it instead.

One set of stairs (mandated by building codes) leads to
the third floor offices, but the door is locked from the other
side. Video cameras pan across the stairwell, and a laser
"tripwire" extends across the top five steps. Two beefy,
armed guards watch the stairwell from behind a reinforced
counter; the security monitoring station, in turn, sits be-
hind them.

Although the office computer system links to the
world wide web, the connection is guarded by encryption
countermeasures. Getting out is easy; hacking in is damned
near impossible (Wits + Computer Hacking, 10 suc-
cesses, difficulty 9); failed attempts set off an alert that
dispatches tracking programs to follow and block the

source. In the Digital Web, the network is a Formatted

Sector protected by deadly Attack Geomids (see Digital
Web, page 103). Hacking into Dief's through VR is not
a healthy pastime.

© Security Stations: Two outposts protect the
office level. Under normal conditions, Dief's has 20
security officers on duty per shift (large events or holi-
days warrant extra staff). Most guards patrol the
complex, but eight watch the office level full-time. The
security stations function as meeting places, dispatch

points and armories. In the event of a full-scale attac

all available guards would be called to the third floor

ions and armed.

Dief's staff expects the unexpected. Each station has
30 kevlar vests (Class 3 armor), first aid kits, a rack of 10
ault rifles, thirty 9 mm automatic
pistols and enough ammunition to mount a sustainable

shotguns, ten 9 mm as

defense. Twenty special magazines, painted orange for
distinction, contain silver bullets; Tori keeps these in a
." Though none of her staff has
been briefed about werewolves or Liston Industries, it

hidden safe "just in c:

never hurts to be sure.

The Broom Closet: A separate basement armory
contains the Cleaning Crew's "mops and brooms" — a
collection of hardware that would make Duke Nukum
proud. Explosives, machine guns, small arms, rocket launch-

ers... if you can carry it, they have it. This cache of wartoys

and the
Cleaning Crew knows it exists, although the HIT Marks

is highly illegal; no one outside the Pit Be

have been programmed with its coordinates. The "broom
closet" is hidden behind a sliding concrete panel in an
unused access corridor. Only eight people have broom
closet keys: the three Bosses and the Crew itself.

© The Vaults: As befits a casino of its size,
Diefenbakker's has a collection of vaults housing over
$3,000,000 in cash and property. Most of these safes are
fairly simple; the real money and valuables are passed
through a Schroedinger's Closet (a Correspondence 4 por-
tal Device; see Technocracy: NWO for details) located in
Simcoe's office. A daily deposit run shuttles the goods to
DCG's main offices in Toronto.

Although the third-floor vaults are secure by mortal
standards and feature unusually complex computer locks
(Wits + Computer Hacking, 10 successes at difficulty 8 to
disable), Simcoe doesn't waste much effort on them. After
all, three million bucks is nothing to the Syndicate. It
certainly isn't worth risking Paradox to protect, and anyone

who tries picking the Syndicate's pocket had better be good
at disappearing afterward.

* Monitoring Station: Behind three walls of moni-
tors sit four weary-eyed security workers — not guards,
but observant sentinels tracking the endless comings
and goings at Diefenbakker's. In this station, tucked
behind meeting rooms and storage closets, videotapes
and Prime sensors catch whatever the watchers might

Chapter Four: Diefenbakker's Casino 69

IDK

NO Ail

NOLES

miss. Beside their chairs, the sentinels keep 9mm pis-
tols, small watercoolers, notepads and alarm buttons. A
CD player keeps the room filled with light classical
music. Regular customers are documented as they enter
and leave, especially if they seem to have important

business. Ominous visitors are closely t d_ across
the complex; if the watchers feel that a person presents
areal threat, they might alert the guards to his where-
abouts and post updates as he travels. Anything unusual
is noted for later reference; anything extraordinary or
potentially threatening warrants a tap on the alarm
button. (See "Sensor Arrays" for the watchers' chances
of spotting unusual activity.)

* Conference Rooms: Ten chambers, ranging from
office-sized alcoves to a rich boardroom some 50' long,
fill the third floor. Dief's managers conduct all their
"open business" in the bigger rooms; the alcoves are
reserved for interviews, dismissals and the occasional
interrogation. Three alcoves have been soundproofed
and reinforced for the latter occasions, and trespassers

are brought here if they try to infiltrate the office lev
Each of the meeting rooms (including the alcoves)

is equipped with a videotape machine, screen and sound

tem for demonstrations. The bigger rooms feature

comfortable chairs, polished tables and relaxing track
lighting. The smaller rooms have been set up to provide
subtle discomfort — the lighting is harsh, the chairs are
small and off-balance. All of the rooms have mood

adjustment Devices (see Chapter Three) for special
occasions.
© The Offices: Each important supervisor has his

or her own office on the executive level. Everyone has

a personal secretary as well, and three "floating" assis-

Jo temps work on Dief's third

nts help out as needed.

floor; everyone must be interviewed by at least one of

the Pit Bosses to obtain the proper clearanc

, and each

office worker has a special coded pass. The old "I'm new

here. This is my first day" routine won't work at
Diefenbakker's.

Each of the Technocrats also has his or her own
office; hypersophisticated locks seal their doors (coded
computer access; Wits + Computer Hacking, five suc-
cesses, difficulty 8 to open). Getting in requires a biotech
ID card (above). Each door has been coated with a light
film of Primium, protecting the office from magickal
intrusions (reduce all magick rolls used to enter the
offices by three successes). Every office has at least one
oaken bookshelf, and Brolin's office has three. Each
manager has a computer, of course, and the passwords
have been triple-coded by Iteration X passwords (Intel-
ligence + Mathematics, five successes at difficulty 10 to
unravel). Although each computer has a tie to the office
network, that link has been secured by similar precau-
tions. Hacking in through AOL is not an option!

70 Technocracy: Syndicate

Simcoe, naturally, has the largest office, a rich

sanctum filled with live plants and oaken furnishings
He keeps an old Enfield rifle on one wall and watches the
casino through a discreet monitor on his desktop. The
Shroedinger's portal has been hidden behind a sliding
panel in his richly paneled wall. Opening the doorway
requires Simcoe's own ID badge, passed across a secret
scan plate beneath the rolodex on his desk

Brolin's office is filled with books. They line
the shelves and lay half-open on the desk, as if he'd been
consulting them when called away for business. The
books have ominous titles: The Black Art, Werewolv

sin
Fact and Fiction, The

ndless Scream: Infinity in Motion,
and other cheerful selections. Brolin keeps an old-fash-
ioned filir

cabinet in one corner; in it, a trespasser

might discover some troubling links between the Syndi-

cate and various Pentex groups.

Whittingham's retreat reflects her jumbled state
of mind; for a Technocrat, she's sloppy, leaving papers,
memos and doodles on every flat surface. Her office walls
are green and covered with Dilbert and Beetle Bailey
cartoons. She keeps some very heavy weights in one

corner —a strong man might be able to do 10 reps with

them —and has an automatic shotgun loaded with silver
buckshot beside her desk.

Nathan Port's office reflects his obsession with
Framed mage
Simcoe and the

the media feature
Diefenbakker's
entire section of the bookshelf contains maga
Time, Vogue, Spin and even The Nation. The office itself

is modern and immaculate; given his busy touring sched-

ne covers

Expo Site cleanup; an

ines like

ule, it's a wonder Port spends time in here at all.

Charline Steeler's office is neat and spartan.
The plants in the corner are fake (a fact that irritates
Simcoe); the bookshelf is nearly empty, and the desk is
clean. Steeler does most of her work on the computer; to
her, paper is a waste of time, space and resources. The
chubby Ms. Steeler allows herself an extra-large, com-
fortable chair, but keeps the other furnishings — two
chairs, one desk, a file cabinet and bookcase — vacant
and well-dusted

Purpose

Diefenbakker's Casino, first and foremost, makes
money. Casinos are a relatively recent addition to North
America; state laws prohibited such gambling for de-
cades. Still, governments turn on the almighty dollar;
when state lotteries and casinos on Native American
lands showed massive profits, local legislatures "realized"
the value of casinos and other forms of state-invested
gambling. In the last 10 years, such gambling has become
a national institution. Diefenbakker's (including DCG
Ltd.) has set out to redefine the nature of casino gaming.
It just may do that in the coming years.


The Construct's true purpose, though, is to create

something new: a single base of operations for each of the
Syndicate divisions. Here, the Financiers control the
actual gambling operation and maintain cordial relation-
ships with local banks. Media Control masters the
entertainment portions of the complex and employs a
small core of "consultants" to sing the casino's praises
across the U.S. and Canada. The Disbursements division
operates a financial clearinghouse out of Diefenbakker's,
maintaining the funding for Symposia based in the region.
As Seattle and Vancouver become prominent technologi-
cal and entertainment centers, the Pacific Northwest
attains unprecedented financial influence across both
countries. Disbursements is well aware of this, and has
chosen Diefenbakker's as a central source for the manage-
ment of the Union's funding over this region of control.

The Enforcers and Special Projects Division work
together within the casino's operations. Local crime fami-
lies and gangs have been allowed to buy shares in the action,

laun-

and they receive financial support, weapons, mone
dering operations and other such "purification services"
from the Enforcers. In return, Enforcer "Friends" have
taken over key positions in the smuggling rings, vice trades
and drug currents of Vancouver and Seattle, running every-
thing from heroin and cocaine to weapons and fine art
treasures across the border. SPD collaborated with Pentex
when the land on which Diefenbakke: "ob-
tained," and both sides did each other favors. Ardus

's stands was

Enterprises gave the SPD a clean site to work from, and a
troublesome werewolf caern found itself Sanitized by Void
Engineers and HIT Marks. The alliance continues as
Diefenbakker's prospers; the SPD has obtained video games
and video gambling machines from Tellus Enterprises and

recently subcontracted the concessions in Diefenbakker's
restaurant to O'Tolley's
The Cleaning Crew is the new agent of this cooperative

Family Place" restaurant chain.

effort, and its presence is the sign of bigger and better plans.

Quintessence Supply

For Diefenbakker's, Quintessence comes in the form of
patrons' money. Every time someone feeds a twenty-dollar
bill into any one of Dief's many counting machines to get
special tokens or chips for the machines or tables, they
essentially surrender a small part of their wealth, their
Prime life force, to the realm of chance. Through the simple
laws of chance, Diefenbakker's reaps in a vast reserve of
Prime Force. The ebb and flow of excitement in the com-
plex creates a huge Node — a Node the Construct has all

to itself. Between this power and the raw Tass harvested by

special machines (see Chapter Three), the Construct has
all the juice it needs, and more.

Years ago, Vancouver werewolves suspected that a
dark Node
Expo Site. Although no one ever proved that theory, the

a Hellhole — had opened up beneath the

presence of Pentex operatives in the casino (and the
corporation's role in its supposed "cleanup") suggests that
the Garou might not have been wrong. The site may indeed
be harmless, as the Technocracy believes; then again, it
may be tainted with a corruption they cannot sense, a
corruption that grows from greed and abandon and multi-
plies itself every day. Diefenbakker's may be the dream
complex of the North American Syndicate, or it might
harbor the biggest spiritual time bomb on the Northwest
coast. The details of the future are left for you, the Story-
teller, and for the needs of your game.

May Lady Fortune guide your hand.

Recommended Briefs

If you abandon the political arena, some-
body is going to be there. Corporation aren't
going to gohome and join the PTA. They're going
to run things

— Noam Chomsky, Secrets, Lies and

Democracy

We all complain about corporate cul-
ture, but we all participate in it, too. We feed

it every time we go toa chain store instead of
our friends are laid off,

a local shop, every time we shrug as
every time we plop down in front of The X-Files instead of
attending a rally or reading a book about how our rights are
being sold off to the highest bidder.

Business is not bad in and of itself, but these days,
something has gone horribly wrong. The Technocracy is a
metaphor for a far more-terrifying truth. We can cringe; we
can walk away, or we can act. Which option do you choose?

Suggested Reading/Viewing

Movies/Telev:
© The Godfather — How did Tom get that horse's head

into the producer's room? How'd the gangsters set up that

ion

ambush for Sonny? Coincidental magick, gangland style,
and a great film in general.

© Grosse Pointe Blank — The lighter side of fighting the
Syndicate.

© The Hudsucker Proxy

the power of business and its tendency to run roughshod

— A great black comedy about

over the "little guy."
© Noam Chomsky.
© Profit — A cl
far too young. If you're one of the lucky ones to have seen
the handful of episodes of this FOX drama, consider yourself
blessed. The main character, Jim Profit, is the sort of person

Manufacturing Consent — See below.
ssic example of a good show that died

Chapter Four: Diefenbakker's Casino 71


NO All

WZ N

that every good Syndicate Grand Financier should aspire to
be. My best suggestion? Geta hold of some of these episodes.
Bribe a friend who had the foresight to capture them on
tape. Fudge works, so does alcohol, or even threats. But see
this show if you can.

© The Untouchables, The Yakuza, Goodfellas, La Femme
Nikita, A Better Tomorrow, A Bullet in the Head, House of
Games, Casino, Pulp Fiction — Essential viewing for would-
be Enforcers.

© The Usual Suspects — Imagine Keyser Soze. Now
imagine him asa skilled Manager with a lot of Arcane. Get
the picture?

¢ Wall Street — By far, one of the best examples out
there of the lure of money and the lengths people will go to
in order to make it.

Fiction

© Vertical Run, by Joseph R. Garber — A fast-paced,
eminently suspenseful book about what is essentially a
Default being pursued by a group of Hollow Men through-
out a fifty-story office building. It sounds a lot like Die
Hard, but the conspiracy beneath the action is good
Syndicate material.

© John D. MacDonald's Travis McGee series —
These were written in the ‘60s and ‘70s, and they do show
their age (and un-PC insensitivity). But the home-grown
philosophy of the character toward money, and how

22 Technocracy: Syndicate

people rule and ruin each other and themselves with it,
provide a good perspective for playing a Syndicate charac-
ter (or his enemy). Suggestions: Darker Than Amber, Pale
Grey for Guilt, The Scarlet Ruse.

© Destiny's Price — This for-adults sourcebook covers
the streetside cultures of the World of Darkness. A must for
Enforcers and their Providers.

Nonfiction

* An Incomplete Education, by Judy Jones and William
Wilson — Features an "Economics" chapter that explains
far more about economics than you'd ever care to know, and
does so in a very entertaining fashion.

© Connections, by James Burke — This volume, based
on the PBS series, traces the development of human inven-
tion. With a little imagination, one can see a vast
underground network of Grand Financiers subsidizing the
entire course of modernization.

© Manufacturing Consent; Secrets, Lies and Democracy;
and The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many, by Noam
Chomsky. Like any other political author, Chomsky has
prejudices and agendas. Nevertheless, his writings, even
taken with lots of salt, raise profoundly disturbing questions
about the real leaders of the modern world.

© Magazines like Money, Fortune, The Wall Street
Journal, The Nation, Mother Jones — What? You think we're
exaggerating...?


SS

Shalit

Reality's for Sale.

Don't mind that bar code. It's there for your convenience. Why carry

cash when credit's much safer? Scan cards? World banks? They're all in

the name of progress. Money makes the world go ‘round, after all, and few
folks understand how true that is. Few folks outside the Syndicate, anyway.

Have YourCreditCard
Ready!

Behind a facade of organized crime, the

Credit-Card Convention waits with hands
outstretched. Purse strings, puppet strings —
they're all the same to the Grand Financiers.
Everyone needs to eat, and the Syndicate

has a sumptuous banquet prepared just for

you. So long as you can meet the price.

Have Your Credit
Card Ready!

¢ Clandestine secrets of the

world's richest mages.

© Perks, Adjustments and
gadgets galore.

The Pentex connection —
Werewolf: The Apocalypse

crossover material.

aN 1 aG504 ine 5

4206 $10

I
