# File: Tales From the Trail - Mexico.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Th. -i9th-Centur ‘Mexico: Sourcebonk
ae23 the wou 1d Of


By James A. Moore


SSSS

ZALL:

Credits

Author: James A. Moore

Developer: Ethan Skemp
Editor: Aileen E. Miles
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Art: Brian LeBlanc and Conan Venus
Front Cover Art: Brian LeBlanc
Back Cover Art: Brian LeBlanc
i Cover Design: Richard Thomas
Layout & Typesetting: Richard Thomas

What is Arthaus? It's White Wolf's new-
est imprint. White Wolf's mission has always
been to create art that entertains ; White Wolf
Arthaus is the embodiment of this ideal.
Modeled after small press, the Arthaus team
strives to create those games and projects
that are new, experimental and unique. White
Wolf Arthaus now manages whole game lines,
supports others and creates specialty projects
whenever possible.

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade and World of Darkness are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Tales From the Trails Mexico, Frontier
Secrets and The Wild West Companion are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Hey, gringo! Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller


"a 3 ¥ SSSSsaeeewey

Table of Contents

Legends of the Garou:
The Calm and the Storm that Follows

Introduction: Another War for the Territories

Chapter One: History

Chapter Two: Geography

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico
Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly

4
D

MP Ag
wre a ee < 7 3
a Lim 1S a 88S }

Jae

a



"PL AB

The Calm and the Storm that Follows

The boy ran into the cantina, his face
covered in thick sweat despite the bitter cold
outside. "They're coming! Just like you said
they would, they're coming!" The boy was
shivering, partially from the unexpected cold
of the night, but mostly from fear.

Santiago Del Rio nodded and spit a spray of
tobacco on the dirt floor. "I ain't been wrong
on these things, yet, boy. Don't see no reason
to start makin' mistakes now." He looked
around at his companions, a dour expression
on his weathered face. "Everyone ready?"

Three braves stood up, curt nods their only
acknowledgment that it was time to do battle.
The barkeep promptly reached under the well-

polished wooden bar and pulled outa shotgun
that looked like it was far past its prime.
Throughout the cantina people stood and
prepared themselves for war. There were some
who looked eager—the ones Del Rio thought
of as fools — and others who merely looked
tired. Del Rio numbered himself among the
latter group. Another night and another battle
against the damned Ticks; it seemed his entire
life these days was built around fighting back
the vampires from the North.

There was a time, distant now, when his
family had lived in what the Americanos
called their own, the territory of Texas. He'd
fought at the Alamo and a dozen other sites,

Legends of the Garou: The Calm and the Storm That follow


and all the way through the battles he'd been
certain they would win. Then the vampires
joined the fights, moving through the dark-
ness of night and killing wantonly, destroying
anything that looked like it might consider
denying them what they wanted. Hell, he'd
had his First Change back in those days. A
brief smile played on his lips when he thought
about the look on the Tick's face right before
he bit the dead thing's face off.

But the time for reflection was past: The
vampires were here now, ready to take more of
his country from him, ready to kill and ravage
anything that wasn't like them.

He'd had his fill of battles through the

years, but this was an outrage.

ASSSSS

XX

Pushing past the doors to the tavern was an
exercise in nerves: The cold outside wasn't
natural. It shouldn't be cold down here; it
should be warm and pleasant. Instead of the
usual mild autumn heat, he was struck by a
bitter freeze that sent plumes of white rising
from his mouth and every part of his body that
wasn't protected from the elements. Several
of the humans around him gasped at the cold,
which had gotten even worse since the night
before.

When the snow first started early in the
previous night they'd all been a bit surprised.
Word had gone out that the Wendigo were
responsible, but that was shut down quickly.
Next everyone wanted to blame the Get of
Fenris, at least until they realized that there
weren't enough of them down here to make
anything like this sort of weather.

And then Del Rio remembered the stories
he'd heard of vampires that could change the
weather: tales of hideous frosts and violent
lightning storms. For all anyone really knew,
the Storm Eater itself had brought the foul
weather. Still, he was inclined to blame the
Ticks. He'd dealt with their sort enough times
to know they were capable of almost any-
thing, and one sniff of the air was enough to
tell him the freezing weather wasn't merely
Earth-Mother getting an early start on the
winter season. It stank of the unnatural.

Throughout the night that followed and all
of today, the snow had kept falling, and every-
thing was now covered in a heavy veil of
white. It was beautiful in its way, but it would
only make for treacherous footing in the com-
ing fight. The only ones who seemed unfazed
by the bitter cold were the Get and the
Wendigo, and between the two tribes there
were only three werewolves present for the
coming battle.

Tales From The Trails: Mexico


Marg Stonebreaker was old, but still carried
himself with a warrior's pride. Autaqua and
Walks-to-the-South were younger, but nei-
ther seemed like they were ready for a battle.
He wondered why they'd chosen Mexico in-
stead of the expanses of the frozen north, but
never bothered to ask them what had driven
them so far from their homes. Surely they had
their reasons. The other Garou in the area
included three Shadow Lords and two Bone
Gnawers. The Uktena and Red Talons re-
fused to deal with the Spaniards and Europeans.
Seeing the ways in which the strangers had
hurt them, Del Rio really couldn't condemn
them. They'd promised to be nearby if the
ones he'd gathered failed to kill the Leeches.
He prayed they'd keep their word.

Virtually every adult or child capable of
carrying a gun was there, and as a single unit
they walked into the wintry blast and away
from the edge of town. There was going to be
fire and bloodshed, and no one wanted to risk
the protection they had from the cold or burn
the whole town down around them.

Del Rio led the force, and they followed
him eagerly, glad to have an experienced
gunfighter on their side. Beneath the snow
that crept up to his mid-thigh, Del Rio felt the
cold, level ground that marked the field where
children had been playing only two days ago.

Not faraway he saw the lights, fires moving
in the hills. They were coming. It was time for
battle. He spoke quickly, his orders caught up
in the unseasonable wind. The humans took
their places in the snow banks and the Garou
stood in plain sight. This would be an ugly
fight, and there would be little they could do
to take the vampires off-guard. He had to
hope that seeing a smaller number of people
would mean the Ticks would be foolish enough
to attack the easy targets, thus giving
werewolves a chance to get the vampires in
close combat. The vampires most surely had
numbers, but with snow this deep and enough
room, the Garou would have an advantage,
especially if they waited to Change until after
the battle had begun.

Amomentlater the enemy came into sight,
and Del Rio grinned savagely. There were
only seven of them, far less than he'd feared:
The stories he'd been hearing had left him to
believe they were traveling in groups of 20 or
more. The riders came down the steep side of
the closest hill, carrying torches and calling
out with wild enthusiasm. Despite the rau-
cous cries, no plumes of warm breath escaped
their mouths. They were pale, dead things
that refused to accept their demise, and they
were monsters in the truest form. When they

Legends of the Garou: The Calm and the Storm That follow:


were done with the town they would surely
make the people here into more of their own
as they spread further south to take Mexico.

Del Rio saw them coming and a second
later felt the bullet slam into his left shoulder,
missing his heart by mere inches. The impact
spun him to the ground, where he sank be-
neath the ocean of snow surrounding him,
exactly as he planned. Even as he fell he saw
the others going down, heard their cries of
pain and rage. He used those very same forces
to help initiate the Change, and reveled in
the familiar burning agony of muscles stretch-
ing around bones that were twisting into new
shapes. He felt the inhuman strength take
hold of him, marveled in the sudden warmth
of fur stretching out to kiss the cold night air.
The burning wound in his shoulder shrank to

ASSES

LLL,

nothingness, replaced by strong, solid flesh
fully capable of breaking a man in half with
ease.

Once again, he was reborn as something far
greater than a human could ever be.

Del Rio erupted from the snow with a howl
of rage that shook the white powder from trees
for a hundred yards. He bared his teeth in a
feral grin as he saw the faces of his undead
enemies and prepared to rip them asunder.
All around him his call of challenge was
joined by others in a symphony of promised
pain and revenge.

The riders stood where they had been be-
fore, not moving closer, and that was a bad
sign. The horsemen, still in front of them,
should have surrounded them by now, mak-
ing them easy targets.

The leader of the seven grinned, his fangs
glinting in the night. His long, scarred face
was chilling. Del Rio stepped forward, ready
to fight anyway, ready to kill his enemies and
celebrate their deaths in song. In the distance,
behind him, he heard Kinfolk cocking their
tifles and knew they only waited for his com-
mand. He'd already told them to aim for the
heads, as little else would hurt the Leeches.

"Y'all are pretty crafty, I have to give you
that." The scarred man spoke softly, but his
voice carried in the nearly complete silence.
"With most folks that little trick might've
worked, and you could be back in your houses."
The smile left his face and the cheer faded
from his speech. "But Boot Hill ain't most
people." The vampire let out a whistle be-
tween his fingers that hurt Del Rio's ears and
made him want to return the favor a thousand
fold.

Before he could do more than step forward
a single pace, the snow all around Del Rio
exploded, revealing more of the vampires.
Each of them had pistols drawn in white-
crusted hands, and though the frigid weather
must surely have slowed them, they moved


fast enough with the element of surprise on
their side. Pistol fire ignited the darkness and
Del Rio screamed in pain as the bullets tore
into him. Something hot and hard punched
through his ribs and exploded a lung. Another
bullet shattered his right thighbone and yet
another blew out most of his neck. The pain
was excruciating, and he fell back into the
snow with a startled grunt as his life's blood
leaked away from him.

A moment later he tried to rise and failed.
His wounds would not heal.

There was more gunfire, and then there was
silence. The cold crept back into him as he
felt his body shifting to its natural form against
his will. Some time later, minutes, hours, Del
Rio couldn't be certain, a well-worn boot
pushed his face toward the heavens. The scar-
faced vampire looked down at him from an
impossible height and then suddenly loomed
closer as he squatted.

"Thought you was still breathin'," he said in
friendly, how's-your-life-treating-you fashion.
"I know your face. You were Santiago Del Rio
before we came along, weren't you?" He didn't
wait for an answer, merely nodded as if he'd
already received one. "Pleasure to meet a
legend. I'll make sure you get buried proper.
I'mJoe Hill, and I hunt your kind, so don't feel
too bad about this. I just set you up so's we
could knock you down. Heard there was a
bunch of Lupines out this way."

Another voice spoke up, just as friendly
and just as smug. "Here come the others, Boot.
Wanna join us or are you having too much
fun?"

Boot Hill looked away for a moment then
grinned. "Ain't never havin' too much fun to
kill a few more Lupines, Dawson, you know
that!" He looked back at Del Rio with a
broad, feral smile. "Don't you go nowhere. Ifn
you're still around when we're done with
these, you can be my dinner!"

The gunfire started again, but Del Rio barely
noticed. The cold was sucking away every-
thing around him. When the silence came
again, he was beyond feeling anything.

eee

Joseph "Boot" Hill looked down at his
wasted meal and sighed. "Damn shame. I
reckon he'd a made a fine meal. What with
bein' a hero and all."

Beside him Jack Dawson grinned. "Ain't
nuthin' to fret over, Boot. There's a few more
of ‘em who're still kickin' and growlin."

"Yeah. There's always a few more, that's
what makes it so sweet." He pushed back the
jaw of Santiago Del Rio with the toe of his
boot and smiled, then kicked the jaw hard
enough to shatter it. "When are you morons
gonna learn? Silver makes great bullets!" He
laughed as he walked away, and behind him
Del Rio's body stared sightlessly into the sky
until the snow buried him under a shroud of
white.

Legends of the Garou: The Calm and the Storm That follow:



Mexico is a beautiful land, and that very
beauty seems to be the curse that falls
across her and scars her deeply. For as long
as Mexico has existed, she has always been
visited with strife and turmoil, pain and
death. There seems to be no escape from
the misery that is drawn to Mexico, no
peace in which to admire her treasures and
wonders.

The natives of Mexico have grown used
toacertain level of disaster in the area, but
what comes their way now is far worse
than they've experienced in the past, and
is only ahint of things tocome. The Wyrm
has found the pure land of Mexico and
now jockeys to have its way with her.

Introduction: Another War for the Teritories

For this battle, the heads of the Hydra
have found a new use for an old pawn, one
that continues to deny the Wyrm's very
existence, all the while reveling in the
very nature of the Corrupter. Vampires.
Vampires have come to Mexico, seeking
to claim the land as their own. Here they
hope to build a new haven for their kind
from which they can battle against others
of their ilk — others who do not believe
that humans are merely sheep upon which
to feed, or that Earth-Mother's bounty is
theirs to exploit. They are the Sabbat, and
they have no mercy, no need for anything
that does not give them pleasure.


Though past battles with strangers have
cost the people of Mexico greatly, nothing
that has come before can compare to what
now moves toward them from the North.

As if that were not enough, the War of
Rage continues in Mexico. The
Wyrmbringer Garou come to claim what
they can take by force, certain that theirs
isthe right way. The local Changing Breeds
do not agree, and they fight to keep what
they have long since come to think of as
their own.

Darker still are the forces that have
gathered in Mexico, shadowy, threaten-
ing things that have long been the secret
tulers of the vast land. Ancient, sacred

rites have been perverted, twisted and
warped to suit the needs of a few powerful
beings who will use any means to keep
what is theirs, even if they must destroy
Mexico to save their base of power.

A storm is gathering, and it promises to
blow harsher than any the land has yet
seen.

Theme
The theme of Tales from the Trails:

Mexico is simply one of innocence lost.
Despite the long and occasionally bloody


history of Mexico, the Changing Breeds
here have lived together in relative peace,
each accepting that the others had a role
in the cosmos. The few exceptions were
usually destroyed with ease, or were crafty
enough to hide themselves from the wrath
of the others. That attitude has changed
drastically in only a few decades, and many
of the shapeshifters of Mesoamerica are
beginning to recover from their shock well
enough to feel the need for retribution and
territorial war. The newcomers to the re-
gion are not quite prepared for the savagery
of the locals, but what they lack in experi-
ence they more than make up for in
numbers. While this second War of Rage
keeps the shapechangers at bay, the Sabbat
has come to claim the area as their own,
and they are very determined to do so at
any cost.

Mood

There is a war going on, several actually,
in which there can be only one winner.
The battle changes shape daily, and the
factions move against each other both

directly and with Machiavellian subtlety.
Paranoia is a rapidly growing problem, and
the loss of trust even in those who have
long been close allies is becoming a serious
threat. The war is growing far more vio-
lent, far more dangerous with every phase
of the moon, and the shifting patterns of
chaos bring with them a desperation that
borders on mania.

Whois truly a friend? Who is truly a foe?
The Storm-Eater grows stronger every day,
and its power is having unusual affects on
the land. Dark things that should be long
dead are coming back with a vengeance,
and the Interlopers from the North are
bringing the Wyrm's taint into a land that
has long been free of the worst forms of
corruption. It's not merely the mortals
who present a problem any longer, there
are other supernatural disasters building
in the shadows, and strange machinations
obscure the path to salvation from the
growing storm.

Saddle up, gringo. You better be ready
for it when it hits, ‘cause there ain't gonna
be nobody to cry at your funeral.

Introduction: Another War for the Teritories

ir

eo
ei F

Nes

=<

A

Td ee

7



When the Land was Sacted

Been doin' some travelin' again, on account of it's what | do best.
Lately I've been listenin' to my grandfather's advice. When| was younger
he looked at me and said, "Laughing Manyskins, you can only leam the
truth by askin' people. And you nomnally have to ask a lot of them, or
you end up getting only part of the truth because everybody adds their
Own seasoning to a story, like when they make a stew." So I've been
downto Mexico, andI've been listening andl've been watching. Settle on
down here, make yourself comfortable, ‘cause I've gota tale to tell you.

Thete was a time, long ago now, when the Land was sacted and
untainted by the Interlopers. That's what the folks down Mexico way
call the Europeans, Interlopers. The People knew theit gods and those
very same deities answered their prayers happily. Humans were scatce
enough that thete was no need to keep them ftom growing too fat ortoo
fast, and culling the herd was a simple matter.

Chapter One: History


What's that? Oh. | know what you'te saying — "The Wynn is every-
where." Well, that's tue enough, but sometimes he's mote in a place than he
is at other times, and just now he's figurin' he's been away ftom Mexico a
little too long. But I'm getting' away trom the story, the one I'm here to talk
about. Seems Earth-Mother has her ways. She can defend herself to an
extent, but she looks to her champions to do that her guardians and
defenders.

Anyway, back to my story. In time the humans began to settle in towns
andincities. They leamed to cultivate their crops and fam the land, accept-
ing the blessings ofEarth-Mother without abusing her in response. In thanks
they built stone temples to the gods, giving them names that were not the
same as the Changing Breeds used, but were meant for the same beings.

The servants of Earth-Mother looked on, and were pleased. Perhaps
there wassome arrogance in theirsatisfaction, thatwouldn't be impossible.
Many took to working as the servants of these gods, answering the
questions of the humans and reminding them of the proper path to follow,
never truly revealing what they were. The humans accepted them, giving
worship to their forms and offering sacrifices.

Foratime these sacrifices were accepted as tribute, areplacement ofsorts
forthe killings that once kept the humans ftom growing too vast in number.
The people called themselves the Olmec, and they wete encouraged to
grow and to leam. They built many cities, the greatest of which was called
Teotihuacan. "the City of the Gods."

Teotihuacan grew mighty indeed. Over 1 25,000 people dwelled within
the city, serving Earth-Mother in her many disguises. But the people soon
changed, believing less in protecting the Land and mote in serving them-
selves. They begantaking too much ftom Earth-Mother, teplacinglittle and
growing fat as a tick on the neck of a deer. With so many of them to feed,
they began forcing their will on other tribes, expanding their influence over
hundreds of miles and cutting away the trees in order to grow their food.
Earth-Mother was not pleased, and told the Changing Breeds to speak
with the humans, to wam them against their newly found ways.

The humansscofted, ignoring their messengets ftom the gods and continu-
ingintheir folly. One ofthe greatest ofthe Mokolé, Queztalomic, Heartof
the Sun. demanded that the humans surrender their leader for sacrifice. The
tuler ofthe Olmec people, Malinche, a woman of great will and astonish-
ing beauty, refused and sent her soldiers to destroy the messenger of the
gods. Though the battle was fierce, they succeeded in killing the great
MokolEé, offering him as the sacrifice instead of theit queen.

Tales From The Trails: Mexico


i

When word of this deed passed among the Changing Breeds their tage
was powerful. The Uktena. the Balam. the Mokolé and the Ananasi, the
Corax, the Nuwisha and even the Camazotz all gathered together in a
great moot and spoke of what to do. The decision was simple enough to
make: They had failed in their duties and allowed the Olmec to grow too
strong. The time had come to rectify their mistake and this they did with
Earth-Mother's blessing.

Teotihuacan fell under the collective wrath of the Changing Breeds.
Many ofthe humans fled, screaming into the distantjungles neverto retum.
Many others died for their foolishness. Malinche, the dark queen of the
Olmec was killed and carefully buried in the traditional way, her body lett
at the ruins ofthe City ofthe Gods as a reminder that the messengers ofthe
gods should never be disobeyed.

With the death of Malinche and Teotihuacan came the death of the
Olmec Empire. The people leamed their lesson well and all was forgiven.

Perhaps a trick, once leamed, can never be unleamed. The next time the
humans gathered together in great numbers they called themselves the
Zapotecs, and they too built great cities. While the tribe thrived before the
fall of the Olmecs, they became far greater when their neighbors to the
north were vanquished. Many of the Olmecs went to the Zapotecs and
joined them. The Zapotecs leaned away ftom the ways ofEarth-Mother,
and they soon leamed the error of theit ways. Without the aid of the
Changing Breeds, they fought amongst themselves and squabbled a great
deal.

Before they finally fell to their own dark desires, thee Maya people
gathered and began to build still another camp for the humans. They were
wiser, and they listened to the messengers of the gods and were rewarded
with the aid of the shapechangers. They grew wise and leamed well the
lessons offered them, soon surpassing the knowledge of the teachers in
many ways. Still the best efforts ofthe Mayans could not stop their great
numbers ftom harming the land. Simply by gathering in such large herds, the
humans began to deplete their resources. They had to choose between
claiming more of the land for their farms — or starvation. Some choice.

Several of the leaders felt differently about what had to happen. and
wats came to the once-peacetul Mayan Empire. Chac, one ofthe greatest
of the Mayan leaders and Kin to the Uktena. looked upon the damage
they were causing Earth—Mother and fretted about what to do. The tribe
fellupon itselfin war, some using the combat as an excuse to seize the land

Chapter One: History


of others, some simply trying to do what was best for everyone. Chac
contemplated the dilemma and asked the guidance ofthe gods. Unlike so
many, he then listened to that advice. He called upon the Changing Breeds
forassistance, and some ofthem agreed that his thoughts were sound. The
Wolves, theJaguats and the Lizards all helped himin his efforts to stop the
wat. Though matters did not change easily, in the end Chac managed to
convince the remaining leaders that abandoning the cities and finding a
better way to live with Earth-Mother was more sensible. The Uktena.
Balam and Mokolé who stood with him might have been a very strong
deciding factor in getting everyone to agree. The cities were surrendered
to the Land, save fora few places where the foolish refused to agree and
continued on as best they could.

What's that? No, the Nuwisha didn tgetinvolved, nordidthe Cotax or
the Camazotz. The Camazotz had already lostmany when they battled
the Olmec, and the Corax and Nuwisha had better things to do, other
places to go. Besides, speaking for the Coyotes, wat is not out way. It's
often wisest to let the humans tend to themselves.

With their government in ruin and their cities forgotten, many of the
remaining Mayans collapsed into separate smaller tribes. Those who
chose to ignote the dictates of Chac and the messengers of the gods
moved to the South and met other cultures, changing along the way. In
time, the migrating remaining Mayans built their nation strong again, but
wiser and with better cate.

Meanwhile — and you knew there'd be a meanwhile — to the North
grew anotherforce. These fellas were farmote watlike, teady to take what
they needed by force. They called themselves the Toltecs. The Toltecs
came in gteat numbers, killing many and forcing the test into submission.
This was nota quick and simple conflict, buttook many yeats. They didn't
so much conquerthe tribes ofthe area assimply absorb them into theirown
growing culture. The Toltec adopted many ofthe Mayan ways and they
tooleamed to live with Earth-Mother— in their own fashion. Being more
aggressive than the Mayans, they sptead out in fat greater numbers and
built outposts to protect them trom other invading forces. Theit power
was so great that many of the lesser tribes paid them tribute as protection
against being invaded and overwhelmed. In time they too began to look
away trom the simple bounties provided by Earth-Mother and began
ignoring the wisdom ofthe Changing Breeds. They took much of the land
for their farms, and they cut down great forests to make their cities. Fool-
ishly, the Changing Breeds did not stop the trend betote it was too late,

Tales From The Trails: Mexico


<r arr rrr

and Earth-Mother took matters into her own hands, or pethaps she had
help ftom the Wym. A drought came far to the north ofMexico, driving
thousands of people south to avoid the ravages of starvation.

The Wendigo, best known for staying in the far Northem teaches, came
downinto the land ofMexico forthe first time, and with them came many
of their Kin. There was no gteat war between the brother tribes of the
Garou. but there were battles aplenty between the humans on both fronts.
A little at a time, the remaining Toltec people moved to the south. Over
the course of a decade the Toltec Empire collapsed under its own weight
and foratime there were no mote great civilizations, there were simply the
tribes who wandered the land. Even that changed quickly, as the people
once again began settling in the rich land and cultivating their crops. The
Changing Breedssoonleamed that they had waited too long, they could
no longer control the growth of the cities completely. Still. the city-states
that rose were not empites and the Land was not abused as it had been
before.

But as time passed. the remaining seeds of the great Toltec Empire grew
another force, a gathering of tribes who called themselves the Mexica.
They followed their leadets until they reached a place where their seers
said the gods wanted them to be. They followed the dreams of the seers,
whotoldthemthatthey should notrestuntil they saw an eagle killasnake
upon a cactus that grew ftom a tock. This single image had been given to
the seers, and when they saw the image made reality, the Mexica people
stopped and settled in a vast valley with several large lakes, the most
important of which was Texcoco. For a over a century the Mexica
people lived in subservience to their neighbors, most especially the tribe
called the Tepanec who dwelled in the city-state of Azcapotzalco.
Though they lived well, they were considered inferior to their neighbors.

Despite theit difficulties, the Mexica set about creating theit ownempite
and joined with several oftheir neighboring communities in a pact of wat.
From this union the Aztec Empite was bom, and ftom the beginning,
something was wrong with the empite. Something aboutit was darkerthan
any of the previous gatherings of the humans had ever been.

The empire gtew very quickly, conquering all they came across and
either absorbing their enemies or enslaving them. They spread across all of
Mexico and into South America, as well as into the ateas of Texas and
Wyoming in the lands now called the United States. The greatest city of
the Aztecs, Tenochtitlan, grew to a size never before seen in the Land.
Over 200.000 people made the great city their home, and they built

Chapter One: History


massive temples to their gods,
among them Huitzilopochtli and
Quetzalcoatl. While the Aztec
Empire was physically powerful it
called for changes in the ways the
humans thought. Pethaps because
the Changing Breeds had interfered
inthe past the Aztec Empire felt the
need to placate theit gods with sac-
tifices. Huitzilopochtli in particular
seemed to want all kinds of sacti-
fices — hungry fella, | guess. During
the reign of the Aztecs, they sacti-
ficed 80,000 captured enemies and
slaves to their gods.

Not the greatest folk ever, but
frankly, I've heard numbers from
them Europeans' history that make
the Aztecs seem a little better. De-
spite their often brutal and bloody
ways, the Aztecs still managed to
live in harmony with the Land.
Many ofthe shapeshitters were un-
settled by their violence. but most
agreed the problem belonged to the
humans alone. Earth-Mother did
not call for the destruction of the
Aztecs, and so they were left in
peace, save forwhentheitincursions
tookthemto the lands sacred to the
Changing Breeds. The Aztecs wel-
comed many of the shapeshitters,
and in particulat the Balam wete te-
verted. nmany ways, all was good
inthe Land. Atleast that's what the
Jaguats had to say about it.

But in this time a strange division
occurred. Some of the priests among
the Aztecschanged, growinghungry
for power and making arrangements

Le ea
cor ° x


with the gods forspecial compensation fortheiractions. Thoughnone ofthe
Changing Breeds knew of this, they were shocked when the sectets wete
tevealed later. Mote shocked still because these prayers of the priests had
been answered by something, and that something could not have been the
gods, who were metely other names for Earth-Mother.

Wore still, though the secret again remained hidden, some of the
followers of these priests were shapeshitters. Some of the priests them-
selves were actually members of the Changing Breeds.

Acancet gtew within the Aztec Empire. one that threatened to swal-
low the Changing Folk as well. Just as the factions within the empite
began to tealize there was a problem, the Interlopets came.

They came ftom Spain. bringingpowerful weaponsanda desite to conquet
all they saw. The Aztecs heard rumors of these great wartior, as tales
moved from the south speaking of the Interlopers and their attacks on the
now distant Mayans. Though the Interlopers lost most oftheir battles, they
continued to fight seeking places whete they could settle and expand their
empire, a notion the Aztecs understood very well. The Emperor or the
Aztecs, King Motecuzoma (That's Montezuma to the ignorant) the Sec-
ond, ordeted that his people greet the Spaniards when they came, offering
them feasts and treasuresifthey wouldsimply leave. Itissaid by some thathe
was not himself when this event occurred. Don't know what they mean by
that Wasn't us.

There had been tales by the priests that the Aztec Empire would fall
when the god Quetzalcoatl retumed to them. Though few can say the
exact events, the Aztecs believed that another of their gods,
Tezcatlipoca. had disgraced and angered Quetzalcoatl which lead to
the great feathered serpent flying away to the East. The Mokolé say
otherwise, they say thatthe great feathered serpent god never existed as
they claimed, but that he was actually just the legend of Queztalomic,
the Mokolé killed by the Olmec way back when. | guess that makes a
certain amount of sense, seeing as the Aztecs' stories claimed the Wind
Godwould come backsome day and trashthe followers ofTezcatlipoca.
Seein' how the Changing Breeds came and trashed the Olmec's capitol as
a way of sayin' they weren't thrilled with Queztalomic gettin' killed, |
teckon that's a possibility.

Well can youguess what happened when the Spaniards settled in and
had themselves a feast. then got ofteted a great big pile of gold an' such
to just leave? Nope — you'te wrong. They left. But you'te right too,
‘cause they came back with reinforcements and a few cannons.

Chapter One: History


CASA

9%

This time around though. the Interlopets got help tiom some folks calling
themselves the Tlaxcalans. Among the Tlaxcalans there was a woman of
great beauty and intelligence, who soon made friends with the Spaniards and
told them just how to whup up on the Aztecs, who were constantly demand-
ingtithesttom theirpeople andnow and then dragging a few ofthem ofttoteed
their gods, The woman's name might sound familiar if you've been paying
attention. Hername was Malinche, and though she looked young and sweet
bestl can tigure is she was getting up in her yeats since the Changing Breedshad
killed her a few centuries earlier. Seems she didn't like bein' dead, and she came
back to life. Maybe she hadn't been able to build the Olmec empire by herselé
and maybe the people she was hangin' around with weren't doin' too much
better, butshe saw an opportunity in dealing with the Interlopers and made the
best of it With her help Heman Cortes was able to build his small anny of
around 600 into an amy of five times that size.

Anyhow. best | understand it, ol' Motecuzoma thought the leadet of
the Intetlopers, Heman Cortes, was actually Quetzalcoatl come back
fromthe East.So he pretty much gave up his entire empire to the man. Cortes
was pretty grateful, limagine, but he started looking around the great big
city ofthe Aztecs and his eyes went wide. They had gold aplenty, which
they wouldshare, and they had some fine women, whichthey would also
share, especially with one oftheitgods, butmost ofall they didn thave the
most important thing the Europeans could think of They didn't have a
church that worked the right way.

Why. them heathens actually had mote than one god, and on top of
that they hadahabit ofcutting outthe hearts ofregularfolkto feedto their
gods. Seems thete's a difference betweenkillingin the name ofthe European
godandkillingforany ofthe others, so the Spaniatds gotnasty and started
killing priests. Mind you they still had time to take allthe gold they could
get their hands on. Just to make sure the Aztecs behaved themselves,
Contes captured Motecuzoma and had him locked up in a cell. but even
before he was locked up snug and comfortable, the Spaniard made him
sweat allegiance to the King of Spain.

Atter a few weeks of gathering gold and feeling selfimportant, Cortes got
notice that his old boss, the Govemor of Cuba, a man named Velazquez.
figuredhe wanted hisshare ofthe bounty, ‘cause he'd financed Cortesinthe first
place. Cortes went off to explain the tacts of life and lett his second-in-com-
mand, Pedto de Alvatado, in charge of his newly claimed city.

Just to make sure the Aztecs knew who was in charge, de Alvarado
killed a few hundred of their people while they were ptayin'. That wasn't
toosmart.| mean, 300 orso men against 20,000, you figure out the odds.


De Alvarado and his men, along with their Tlaxcalan soldiers, found
themselves surrounded by trouble. By the time Cortes came back, with his
would-be jailers either dratted or dead, the situation was desperate. Even
with 3,000 menathis beck and call, Cortes was havin abad time. He asked
Motecuzomato give the locals alittle talkin' too and explain that Cortes
was theirttiend, butit didn't go overso well. The locals threw rocks at their
king, hitting him enough times to break a whole lotofbones. Addingto the
poorman's troubles was the fact that he kept claiming the Spaniards would
leave soon. What he didn't catch on to was that Cortes‘d leamed a bit of
his language, enough to feara double-cross, and even while he was talking
he was getting stabbed in the back by his new buddies. The wounds were
bad, but it still took him three days to die.

Well that was a bad day for Cortes and his friends. The dead king's
cousin took the whole thing a mite personally, and as he was the new king,
he told his followers to get the Interlopers gone. Some 800 soldiets later,
Cortes got the idea and they ran like hell.

Thete's rumors that Cortes brought some powerful vampires with him
when he came around the first time. Well when he retuned 1 Omonths later,
he brought even more of them. Nasty fellas who called themselves the
Sabbat. Unlike most humans, the Sabbat didn't much cate about what was
left when they got finished. They suggested bringing a few surprises for the
Aztecs, and supplied plague-tidden blankets and other "peace offerings"
like more cannons and nightly attacks by the vampires. To make a long
story short, the Aztecs fell and they fell hard.

Before the vampires could get too comfy, though. the Spaniards brought
another nasty surprise: what the European Garou teter to as the Inquisition.
Mortalmonsterhunters. The Sabbatrantothenorth and thesouthlike they had
the Wymm his ownselfnippin' at theircajones, andleftthe areaalone.Can you
guess what happened next? If you said "The European Garou moved in and
made themselvesathome," youte right Truth ofthe matteris, leastasfaraslcan
figure, they came in with the Inquisition. Once it looked like the vampires had
been taken cate of they began claiming everything as theit own.

The Second Wat of Rage

A lot of what | say here is conjecture, and seeing as I'm Nuwisha. | just
might add a bit of flavor here and there, just to keep things interesting — but
not too much, as the truth is just a bit sacred to me. (Especially when you
gotta keep it safe by tellin' some fella just the opposite.)

Chapter One: History


SS

Near as I've been able to gather, the first of the European Garou overt
here were the Bone Gnawers. Seems like they te always the first, sort oflike
scouts for the test of them. Rats on ships, one put it. Haven't been on any
ships myselfyet solcan tspeak forthe truth ofthat comparison. Nextcame
the Shadow Lords, and when they came they came in force. It was like a
trickle in the north, where the "United States' is these days, but in Mexico,
it was mote like a hurricane.

The Shadow Lords came with every wave ofSpaniards, and there were
wavesaplenty.Justassoon as Cortes came back, he started knockin' down
everything that resembled Aztec stylings and began rebuilding it all in a
way better suited to his people and theit Church.

Might have been that the Changing Breeds would have gotten mote
involved if they hadn't been fighting among themselves. Not all of them,
mind you: The Corax and Nuwisha just walked away ftom it, ‘cause it
involved humans and thatwasneverourstrength. The Ananasijuststepped
away into the forests and watched, as they'te liable to do, and the
Camazotz whispeted to Earth-Mother and waited for a response. The
Uktena and the Red Talons fell to arguing over damn neat everything,
including the desires ofthe Red Talons to just kill all the humans and let the
Earth-Mother figure out a better breed to take their place. It got so they
couldn't get near to each other without some sort of bloodshed. The
Balam blamed the Mokolé for everything going wrong, and the Mokolé
took it personally. Now, when | say they were fighting, | think | need to
clarity that a bit. They weren'tkilling each other oft they just werent being
teal ftiendly to one another. There was alotofarguing about this and that
and they pretty much agreed to disagree. That was made worse by the fact
thatsome ofeach were doin things a bit different ftom whatthey d done in
the past Some had taken to the Aztecrituals ofsactifice with a vengeance,
and they had no problematall hunting down the Spaniards and cutting out
atew dozen hearts. They also did theirfair share ofstomping on the locals
who'd agteed to fight with the Interlopers against the Aztecs, It was an
ugly, bitter war, and there were no victors, just lots of victims.

While they were going at each other like rabid Europeans, the Spaniards
started explaining the facts oflife to the natives and building theit new towns.
Innotime atall, they ‘dsettled onthe ruins of Tenochtitlan andmade anew city
which they called Mexico City just as they called the land itself(Mexico.

They setupnew tules forthe Aztecs to follow, and did theit bestto make
themleamthe Spanish tongue, though eventoday moststillspeak Nahuatl
the native tongue of the Aztecs. There might have been a problem with
enforcing theitnew rules, butthe Aztecs and others faced aserious problem

Tales From The Trails: Mexico
Pp


CELE PL.

around the same time. The Sabbat's diseased blankets and the foul breath of
the Spaniards themselves caused sickness to mm across the Land. From what
lunderstand, only about one in 25 of the locals survived the plagues that
tan throughout Mexico. Same story as in the US, the Europeans brought
death with them. Small wonder the Uktena and the Wendigo call them
Wymbringers. Even without the foulness of their culture, they killed mil-
lions. Most ofthe locals were still inmouming when the orderscame down,
and without their gods to guide them, without even the "Messengers"
they'd grown to trust, they felt abandoned.

So, it was into this mess that the Second War of Rage came actoss the
borders of Mexico and started what the locals down here call the Buming
Season. guessmay be the Shadow Lords ate abit crattierthanmost wouldlike
to give them credit for, a little closer to the Wyrm than they'd like to confess.
Atter they'd driven the vampires away, they sent their ftiends in the Church
afterthe otherChangingBreeds. A casual word here, ashted ofevidence there,
and suddenly the Mokolé and all the others discovered anasty truth: Humans
can kill the Changing Breeds a lot easier than most of them supposed.

You have to understand, they were used to spears and swords. Even
after seeing Cortes and his men in action they'd neverimagined the sortot
devastation the Inquisition could cause.

Whole villages wete wiped out by fire, and when fire wasn't enough,
they brought out weapons. A surprising number of those weapons were
silver. The Shadow Lords used coercion and lies to get theit way, where
the Changing Breeds wete used only to the way ofthe sword and the claw.
It was more than just a battle for theit own lives that the shapeshiftets of
Mexico fought, it was a wat for the lives of their Kin as well. The Church
and the Inquisition cut through the atea like a bullet punches through rotted
wood. Every time the Changing Breeds thought they d won a fight. the
Inquisition proved them wrong. Worse still even when they did win, they
soon discovered that the Shadow Lords were waiting, teady to finish
what their puppets in the Church had started for them.

Wantto know how they fought their great war? According to afew of
the stories, and | am inclined to take them with mote than a grain of salt, at
least one band of the Shadow Lords used a cannon. They loaded it with
silver shot and cut loose whenever they found a Mokolé too big and
mean to take in a fair fight.

I guess they were a bit obsessed with owning the whole ofMexico and
everything beyond it.I think maybe they would have just gone on and on
with theit ways, if they hadn't been taught a painful lesson. From what |
heat. the lesson was one they've never forgotten.

Chapter One: History


CX

They killed the last of the Camazotz. There hadn't been many of the
werebats lett since they'd joined the other shapechangers so long ago in
destroying the Olmec. Unlike the other Changing Breeds, they dnevertecov-
eted ftom the fight as well as maybe they could have. Thete's glyphs written
down in a long forgotten place, carved into the stone where almost no one
will eversee it It's a confession of sorts from the leader ofthe murderous pack.

He was called Datk-Claw-of Vengeance, and he was renowned for his
ferocity in battle. | think though I've no proof that he was the main driving
force among the Shadow Lords in theit conquest ofthe Land. They found the
last of the Children ofBatin the ruins of Teotihuacan, the city of the Olmecs.
The Camazotz never spoke his name to them. nor did he ofter any resistance.
Thete were fourofthe Shadow Lords there thatnight allofthem seeking glory
andhonor.Whenthey spotted himhe wasstanding guard overthe ruins, which
to the Camazotz had become something sacred, a reminder of all that went
wrong when the humans were left to their own devices. They thought he was
one oftheirown, awerewolfgone tothe Wym They claimedhe had danced
the Black Spiral, and the nameless werebat claimed to know nothing of their
accusations. Entaged by his "lies," they pointed to his ears and to his wings,
exclaiming that these were the signs ofthe Wy. He said he heeded only the
Earth-Mother, as was his sacted duty.

Pethaps they had leamed a few lessons ftom their allies in the Church, or
pethaps they taught those methods of forcing the truth to the Inquisition
when they were younger. Using a silver blade, they cut the werebat again
and again, removing thinslices ftom his eats and ftom his wings, pulling teeth
from his mouth and tearing claws from his hands and feet. And when atlast
they had forced him to confess to consorting with the Wy, they ended
his life by driving the silver blade deep into his heart.

The Mokolé say his scream has been heard twice. The firsttime the last of
the Camazotz cried out, the ground shook and the sky rained blood for
three days and nights. Nuwishal've spoken to say the Umbra itselfechoed
with that scream, and that the great Bat who was totem and father to the
Camazotz tore apart the great cave where it dwelled and temains buried
beneaththe ruins evento this day. Some claimitwas the fearsome, grievous
sound of his scream that drove the vampires ftom Mexico, not the Inquisi-
tion. Who am | to say otherwise? | was not yet bom when the last of the
Children of Bat died at the hands of the werewolves.

The confession of Datk-Claw-of-V engeance claims that the sound lett
all four of the Shadow Lords there that night deafened, and that their fur
tumed white, asifthey aged ahundted years inthatmoment.Earth-Mother

Tales From The Trails: Mexico


raged at the death of one of Her children. and Her tage was a fearsome
thing. She wept blood and She shuddered in Her grief. casting down many
ofthe buildings of the Pure Ones and the Interlopers alike. Whatever help
She might have oftered to those who suffered ftom the European plagues
was lost in that moment, not because She was angry, but because Her grief
was too gteat for Her to notice their illnesses.

A patt of Earth-Mother died with the Camazotz. and the Shadow
Lords knew then of their mistake. And in that moment, the Wyrm did truly
sink its vile teeth into the heart of the Land.

Whenthe blood-stomm ended, so too didthe Second WarofRage passftom
Mexico. Whatever had driven the Shadow Lords to kill all they saw was
spent. Many of the Mokoleé claim the Interloper Garou collapsed as one, all
overthe Land, and that whenthey tose again a feverhad passed ftom them as
surely asLuna changes herface.Itwas the Mokolé who truly stopped the war,
forthe Balamand thenative wetewolvesalike wantedtevenge.Eventhecold.
passionless Ananasisoughtto destroy the Interlopers, butthe Mokoléstopped
them. They alone knew thatthe fever had passed, and that the Shadow Lords,
for whatever reason, would fight no mote.

Itis said that the scteam of the last Camazotz has been heatd one mote
time: In Mexico, at least they claim his scream was heard again atthe very
moment when the Storm-Eatet awoke. | was not there; | cannot say.

Changing Times

Well lteckon you already know must of what's been goin' on. but just
in case I'm wrong, I'll cover the basics for ya.

Spain decided they owned the whole of Mexico for along time. They
taught their tongue to the locals and they made sure that only one god —
theirs — was accepted at most dinner tables. Like I've said before and most
likely will again them Europeans love usingtheirgod as an excuse to make
amess of things.

They took to destroying everything that had ever been a patt of the
Aztec Empire. Ifitwasn't apptoved by the priests. and some times evenifit
was, they stole it bumed it or buried it. A few of the more tolerable priests
actually hid the telics ofthe Aztecs ftom the Spaniards and tecorded some
oftheir knowledge, but a lot of it got lost to the humans.

They setupsome newtules thatate still goin' pretty strongtoday — most
ofwhich made being a Spaniard instead ofan Indian the best way to geton
with a comfortable life.

Chapter One: History


SSS

ZLELz

yo
&
NAG3

The Europeans brought in their own animals, cows and horses and
sheep, and made sure they had plenty ofgrazingland.Ifthatmeantthe farms
of a few natives had to go, well, that's just the price of progress in the,
Interloper way of thinking, | guess.

Now according to Spain, the natives of Mexico were ttee and entitled
to wages. What that means is the word "slave" wasn't permitted. Not for
the natives, at least. The dark-skinned people from Aftica could still be
owned, however, and they wete. That's about all it means, too. Blacks
was still slaves and brought in regularly to work in the silver mines and
plantations. Lots offteed blacks came around, fleeing the United States and
getting work ftom some of the Spaniards, They were often forced to work
inthe mines, too, but a few lucky ones gotto work as taskmasterts over the
Indians. The natives got placed into the encomiendas, work camps where
they had beds, clothes and food and maybe the occasional coin to spend
onaSunday whenthey hadto goto theirchurch and pray to the Spaniatd's
god. All of this meant they had to hire themselves out to the Interlopets if
they wanted to make aliving. They got paid alittle and they worked alot.
There might have beena big problem with that eventually, but the Shadow
Lords, ofall people. reported the trouble to Spain and reformations came
around. New laws were made to ensure that the encomiendas had to go.
No new encomiendas could be built. Those that were already owned
would be allowed to continue on until theit owners died, but after that the
holdings of that petson became a part of the King's own property. That
stopped teal quick just as soon as the colonists said they'd tevolt if things
stayed that way. No mote of the labor camps were built. but those that
were already there got to stay there.

Well not having forced labor wasn't acceptable to the Intetlopers, so
they changed a few more laws until the natives had to surrender a certain
number ofpeople ftom each oftheit communities to work forthe Spaniards.
They got paid better, but the farms of the families weakened and Spaniards
picked up property for a song. Then they changed the mules again.

Best way to ownland—which is a notion | still tind peculiar—was to be
Spanish. Those who'd had claims on the ground before just lost out.
Overseeing everything were the viceroys, who served as messengers for
the Spanish king. Under them, and loyal to them as often as not. were the
Hacendados landbatons by any othername. But bein' astrange and proud
people, the Spaniards had to make additional rules for the people to
follow. Ifyou were bomin Spain, youhad mote privileges. The lucky ones
went under the name of the Penisulares and they commanded the most


tespect. even ifthey had to use force to make sure they got it. Under them.
but still better than the rest of the locals, were the Criolles, most often the
pute-bred children of the Penisulares. They wete bom in Mexico, so they
weren't quite as good as the real Spaniards, but that sin was forgiven them
because their parents were proper Spaniards. Somewhere above mud, but
well below the Criolles, were the Mestizos, the folks who were part
Spaniard and part native. They often got the sctaps off the tables of the
proper folks. Lastly, the descendants ofthe Aztecs and all the others were
there, and they wete allowed to live as long as they played by Spanish
tules. Ifyou didn'thave land, youhad to work forsomeone who did have
land, and the only way you could call the ground your own legally was
to be Spanish ot of pute Spanish descent.

Thete was only one problem as fat as the Spaniards were concemed, and
that problem was the Holy Catholic Church. Seems it was okay for the
Church to come in and save the souls ofas many "heathens" as they could,
but the viceroys weren't too keen on the notion of the Church owning
land, even if they were Spaniards in most cases. They hated the idea so
much that they decided to take the land ftom the Church and, atteragood
longum offights, they succeeded. They allowed that a little land could be
set aside for the actual houses of theit god, but other than that it was all
taken away from the European shamans.

But they made a big mistake in the process. See, the Church was so good
at converting — ot killing — the locals, that most of the remaining ones
wete only too glad to fight for their saviors. Mighty hard to get cheap
labor when everyone's fighting against you. even your servants. Still
following the notion that might makes tight, they held onto the whole of
Mexico for a few hundted years — until one of the padres, a man by the
name ofMiguel Hidalgoy Costilla decided thatmaybe Spainwasn tdoin'
things the right way anymote. Seems that Spain liked to take lots ofmoney
ftom everyone for taxes, and then take all that money back to the home-
land and keep it. Well the natives got tited of that early on, but they
weten treally ready to do any thing aboutit. Butwhenthe priest. aCriolles,
mentioned to other locally bom Spaniards that maybe they should get a
little something forall their hard work, the others agreed that maybe Spain
was getting' a bit too pushy with the money demands. Unfortunately, the
padre trusted his fellows a bit too much, and when word got out about
what he was trying to do, the Spanish govemment figured it was best to
make an example of him. His attempt to tree Mexico for the Mexicans
failed and he was killed as an example to others.

Chapter One: History


You ever notice how sometimes people don't catch on teal quick? The
Spaniardshad tried thesamething with Motecuzoma. andallthey dgottentor
their troubles back then was an ass-whuppin' Same thing happened again. It
tookover 1 Oyears, butthe people ofMexicofinally convincedthe Spaniards
tocallitquits, andthe colony ofMexico became the country ofMexico. That
was back in 1821 as the Interlopers count things.

They had themselves a party fora couple ofyears, butin the end, human
greed gotin the way again. Thete were too many people who wanted to
be the chieé and not enough who wanted to be braves. If it wasn't one
human claiming to be the new leader, it was two others gunning him down
and making the same claim. Humans never get tited of killing each other.

Not too much later the Spanish the French and the United States of
America all started takin' sides as to who was gonna be the new bosses.
The French left early, because the Mexicans took offense to them. Hell
most of the Wendigo | know would agree with their assessment of the
French, so it weren't no big loss in my eyes.

Withso many roosters guarding the hen house, lreckonit wasinevitable
they'dletatew weasels sneak past ‘em. While everyone was fighting overt
who got to be the boss of Mexico City, a few of the North American
Interlopets decideditmight be nice tomove tothe south and westand make
themselves comfortable in the northem Mexico area of Texas.

Well the Mexicans weren't having a bit of it. They sent their troops up
into Texas to kick the hell out of those settling families, and ran home with
theirtails betweentheirlegs. Sixteen familieshad settled themselvesinanew
place and built themselves a small town called Nacogdoches. When the
troops came up, the families beat ‘em black and blue and then went about
their business. A few months later, the Mexicans sent in more soldiers, and
only fourofthe families got away torn backhome to theit own tertitories
and explain what them bad old Mexicans had done to them.

Nevera group to take no for an answer, the United States decided they
couldn't have their neighbors to the south complaining about them, and
started fighting for the rights of their citizens to settle anywhere they
damned well pleased. This time around, they got help. Once again, the
Sabbat vampires decided they liked the area of Mexico, and that maybe
they could have tim feeding on the people down there, since much of the
eastem part of the United States was getting too civilized for their tastes.
They started "recruiting" new soldiers and making theit way downtowatd
Mexico for a tetum to greatness. It's still going on today, and it ain't
looking good for anyone but the Ticks.


Right around the same time as all this was brewin' up, Texas and Califor.
nia decided they didn't want to be a part of Mexico anymore, most likely
because allthat fighting in Mexico City wasn'tdoin' them any good when
it came to getting proper protection ftom any would-be invaders. Mexico
didn'ttake the notion very well and they started fightingmore and mote to
make sure everyone knew they were still in charge. Naturally, inthe interest
of bein' good neighbors, the United States decided to help Texas and
Califomia stay free.

The humans had their Mexi-
can-American Wat, and
settled their dif- ° : ferences ten
yeats after the iL : whole thing
started, when US General
Winfield Scott came into
Mexico City / ‘ = with his invad-
ing army in . 1847. Less
than a year ¢ later, Scott
went back / pee Kear home with a
new treaty and prem formal owner-
ship papers on . P over a thitd of
Mexico. They Le = ie §=were nice
about it bein' ik We as the govem-
ment of Mexico wasat
least partially European and
therefore civi- lized, they ac-
tually paid money to the
ownets before stealing the
land. | reckon my tribe could
have found a new place to
stay for the 15,000,000
dollars the United States gave to Mexico. Instead we got bullets, fire and
the occasional cannon blast. But I'm not bitter.

Mind you, a whole lot of the Mexicans are. On top of losing the wat.
they also losta lot ofland. All of Texas and everything all the way over
to Califomia was surrendered. Suddenly alot of Mexicans werent teally
welcome intheirown homes anymore, andthey gotanothertaste ofwhat
itmeansto be anunwilling guest ofthe United States of America. Ovemight
youcould add Mexicans to the list of people to be abused by the Eutope-
ans. There's been alot ofbad blood aboutit eversince, and there's alotof
Mexicans up atound Califomia who ain't real happy about it. They like

Chapter One: History


SSSSSSN

ZLEL:

xX

the idea so little that they like to retum the favor by robbing the American
settlers and the running actoss the border into Mexico proper, where they
can'tbe punished legally. Always eagerto try something new and fim, alot
of US citizens are doing the exact same thing, only they'te motives seem
mote likely to be simple greed. Thete's a lot of people. human and other-
wise, who ate makin' good money by crossing after them and dragging
them back fora fair trial and a hangin. Alot ofthem don'tcome back atall.

Thatlittle line the Europeans draw ontheirmapsisaninteresting thing. To
most everyone it means nothing at all but to the law it means you can't
chase attersomeone any longer. Y ouriskinvading a foreign country ifyou
do, and if you'te coming ftom the US over to Mexico at the time, youtisk
getting your fool head blown off for yout troubles. Thete's a lot of bad
blood between the neighboring countries right now, and not knowing
where the borders ate is a good way to get youtself killed.

Mexico is in a sad state as far as humans ate concemed. No one really
knows who's in charge, and there's lots of people who ate willing to fight
forthe tight to be the new tuler ofthe Land. For alittle while, Mexico even
had an Emperor, Augustin de Iturbide, a Criollowho was a majortorce in
getting Mexico ftee ftom the Spaniards. Thatlasted abouttwo years, then
everybody got sick of him and killed him. After that there were about a
dozen presidents who got nothing done, and Antonio Lopez de Santa
Anna. one of those presidents, declared himself the tulet of Mexico. That
didn't work too well either. He gotkicked out about four or five times and
then gotasked tocome backagain when the Mexican Americanwatbroke
out. Santa Anna gotto be the leader tor a few yeats, butthen they gotsick
ofhim again, and after a yeat or s0 of sneak attacks and little fights, he lett
Mexico, fearin' that his life would go the way of the Aztecs ifhe hung
around any longer.

Well that pretty much brings us up to date on Mexican human history.
After Santa Anna. there was a man named Juan Alvatez who tuled while
thenew govemment gotitselftogether. Abouta yeatlaterhe wasteplaced
by an election instead of an overthtow, and Ignacio Comontort took
office. With the help of others he made some teforms.

There's some say he was too nice for his own good. He wanted all men
to be equal, and that was a sore subject for the Spaniards and their descen-
dants, who were sort of fond of bein' the big bosses. Then he said the
Church could only have enough land for their churches, and made italaw.
Thatgotptetty ugly too. Next thing youknow, they te atitagain, and the
Changing Breeds are just sitting on their haunches and scratching their

Tales From The Trails: Mexico


heads. Comontfort took one side, and a man named Benito Pablo Juarez
became his number one opponent. Took some doing, but Juarez, an Indian,
became the nextpresident after an overthtow. He'sstill in charge tightnow,
but it's only luck that's keeping him in power.

There's still a lot ofskirmishes goin' on internally too, as the natives try
to win back a few rights from the leftover Spaniards who like things just as
they ate. The Church is brawling along, hopin' to grab up some mote land,
and mixed up in the whole mess, the Sabbat are grabbin' everything that
ain't nailed down to call theit own.

So what does that mean for the Changin' Breeds? Same thing it always
means. Thete's a war goin on, and it's only getting uglier.

Mexico used to seem like a big atea, but it's getting smaller all the time. The
Sabbatate doingeverythingthey cantokillusoft and they ve gotnumberson
theirside. Hell, ifyoudon'tget‘emall they justmake more soldierstortheit war
and take over whole towns. I've seen a few places where the humans ate all
gone, killed or changed over by whatever means the Ticks use.

These days the Ananasi ate fighting themselves, and the Mokolé are
looking to kill damn near anything that gets too close to them. The Red
Talons and Uktena are fighting with the European Garou, and the Balam
are doin' some ofthe strangest things I've ever seen.

Butthere's more to itthan that. There's somethin' dark and nasty growin'
in Mexico. Something that | can't see, but that's taking advantage of
everything else goin' on. I'm heating tales that the ghosts of the Mexican
Ancestors ate restless, and looking for a few good people to kill. I'm
hearing stories that some one or some thing is helping them in their tasks.
Earth-Mother is wounded here, mouming the loss of Her child and unable
orunwilling to stop the growing madness.

Iknow thatthe Stonn-Bringer runs through the Land hete as surely asit does
tothe North where my people tighton asbestthey canagainst the Europeans.
But hete the armies of the Stomm-Bringer are greater. and there ate sectets that
need findin' out ifeverything is ever going to come out all right.

| wonder if pethaps; it is already too late for Mexico. Of course, I'm
somethin' of an optimist. | tend to hope not.

Chapter One: History


adalajara

Te Guiioes ae

MEXICO
oO tf


Mexico covers a great deal of land, shar-
ing 1,900 miles of border with the United
States and taking up over 761,000 square
miles of the globe. The land ranges from
arid in the northern areas, which only get
around five inches of rainfall a year, to wet
in the southern tips, which come close to
the equator and receive 70 to 80 inches of
rain in the same span of time. The tem-
perature in most of Mexico is pleasant and
comfortable throughout the year, with
winter temperatures around 60 degrees
and summer temperatures that seldom rise
above 80 degrees Fahrenheit.

Chapter Two: Geography

Several features in the lay of the land
have exceptional impact on the lifestyles
of the people living there, and bear men-
tioning.

The Central Plateau

The Central Plateau covers most of
Mexico, from the border of the States all
the way down to Tehuantepec in the far
south of the country. The height of the
plateau runs between 3,000 and 8,000 feet
above sea level, which is one of the reasons
so much of Mexico remains comfortably

=

— Pee

—

e=<S,
S:
is:

cea
ena fase


SSSSN

4

&
ey

iN

warm instead of extremely hot throughout
the year. The Sierra Madre mountains
fork around the plateau, making it almost
impossible to transport goods easily
throughout most of Mexico. The moun-
tains themselves rise to heights of over
17,000 feet at their highest peaks. While
there are volcanoes within the mountain
ranges, they have been dormant for a long
while; only a major spiritual event would
be likely to stir the wrath of these moun-
tains.

The Pacific Lowlands

The lowlands run to the west of the
Sierra Madre mountains all the way to the
Pacific ocean. The lowlands receive a great
deal of rainfall every year and are a prime
location for farming. The land is very
fertile, and growing quickly in human
population. The Mokolé favor the region,
and have made a point of watching exactly
whoand whatcomesto the territory they've
claimed as their own. Though they do net
seek to enforce any known rules, there
have been a number of mysterious disap-
pearances when the Mokolé have made
requests of the farmers and then been
ignored.

The Gulf Coast Plain

The Gulf Coast plain runs from the
border of Texas all the way down to the
southern tip of Mexico. The land is fairly
dry towards Texas, but quickly becomes a
trap of swamps and lakes. The northern
area is fertile, but the low rainfall leaves
most of the people living there with little
to help them in their efforts to farm. Fish-
ing villages are common along the shore,

but beyond that the region isn't hospitable
enough to support human communities.
Even so, there are a large number of visi-
tors entering the area to avoid trouble
with the US authorities.

The central portion of the plain is home
to the heaviest population of Mokolé in
Mexico. The deep swamps and harbors
serve them well, though there have been
numerous problems with the Rokea and
the occasional pirate ship. The native
Mokolé, by and large, consider the
weresharks troublesome, and the two
groups have been known to have mild
feuds from time to time. The same area is
also a haven for the Ananasi, though the
fighting between different tribes of
werespiders has left them little time to
bother with any of the other Changing
Breeds.

The southern portion of the Gulf Coast
plain is the domain of the Balam, many of
whom have moved into the rainforests,
further away from European influences.
The port town of Veracruz is located at the
southernmost edge of the plain, and is
growing rapidly. The Spanish population
of the area is heavy, and the Balam do their
best to ensure that no other Changing
Breeds come to the city they've claimed as
their own. They are failing, of course; the
Ratkin recently found Veracruz and de-
cided it's a great place to set up a network
of information exchange and other, less
savory methods of making money. Addi-
tionally, the Bone Gnawers have
established themselves in the city, but
seldom venture beyond the area on foot.
Most prefer to risk the often-stormy sea
than rather face the anger of the Balam.


LEER EL

The Yucatan Peninsula

The Yucatan Peninsula runs from the
Gulfof Tehuantepec to the Gulf of Mexico,
and ranges from dry lowlands in the north
to heavy rainforests in the south. The land
to the north has no rivers and is generally
uninhabited by humans, with the excep-
tion of the town of Merida, where the
Mayans once lived. The area was settled
by the Spanish in 1541, and has become
another of the larger port towns. South of
Merida, the climate changes to a zone of
heavy rainfall, and farming and cultiva-
tion of the land have been a way of life for
centuries.

Isla Mujares

Isla Mujares is one of several islands of
the Yucatan Peninsula that are a part of
Mexico. In the distant past the island held
a major Mayan city, where they gathered
the salt which supplied much of the Em-
pire with the rare mineral. Arguably the
biggest mistake made by the Mayans on
Isla Mujares was in dealing with the Rokea
in the nearby waters. According to at least
a few of the Rokea, the Mayans did not
show their kind the proper respect, and
were taught a violent lesson which left
only a handful of humans on the island.

While the other Changing Breeds might
control the rest of Mexico, the Rokea,
who have seldom bothered with the "Mes-
sengers of the Gods," hold a great deal of
sway over the Caribbean Islands — in-
cluding those claimed by the country of
Mexico.

Chapter Two: Geography

The Southern Highlands

The land directly to the south of the
Central Plateau abruptly changes into the
Southern Highlands, arange of high moun-
tains, treacherously deep trenches and
plateaus that few humans care to navigate.
While the land is beautiful, with jagged
cliffs running into the ocean and pleasant
weather through a great portion of the
year, there is little chance for farmers or
others to make an honest living in the
area.

Thought they are long gone now, the
Camazotz once held the lands as sacred.
Several packs of Red Talons make their
homes in the Southern Highlands, further
discouraging the occasional settlers in the
area.

The Baja California
Peninsula

The peninsula is almost 800 square miles,
and is mostly beach surrounding large rocky
surfaces that can't sustain a large commu-
nity, though a few small fishing villages
are scattered across the land. There is
some vegetation, but most of the land is
simply not capable of supporting agricul-
ture. The one thing the Baja California
Peninsula has going for it is that it con-
nects directly to California and the US —
an easy escape for many wanted-poster
rejects from the US.


a

Major Settlements
Tijuana

Tijuana is virtually the first town most
people from California find when coming
to Mexico. It is a well-established copper
mining community. The strong military
presence here means that unless one treads
very carefully there will almost certainly
be trouble. Here, proudly wavingan Ameri-
can flag is not a good way to win friends
and influence people.

There is a pack of Bone Gnawers in the
area and, like the rest of Tijuana, they are
not known for tolerating strangers. As
long as one behaves properly, there
shouldn't be too many problems — that is,
no problems except for the growing popu-
lation of Sabbat who have made Tijuana
their home.

Though they cause remarkably little
trouble in the town, the vampires are
known to haunt the roads leading to and
from the area. They're also infamous for
killing anyone who causes them the least
amount of grief. Many of the travelers
heading into Mexico via Tijuana never
return — or when they do, they are not
seen in the daylight. This sleepy town
with a prominent military presence has
become one of the top recruiting areas for
the vampires.

Cuidad Juarez

Ciudad Juarez is connected to El Paso,
Texas by one of the few bridges crossing the
Rio Grande. The bridge is considered "no
man's land" by the humans, but the Sabbat
are not quite as easygoing about it. They

SEEN

OX?

have numerous agents in the town who
watch and report who ever comes into their
territory. These ghouls have their orders and
they follow them very carefully. Anyone
suspected of being an enemy of the Sabbat is
immediately arrested by the local police.
Trials are quick and hangings are frequent.
The Boot Hill Gang is fond of the town and
often uses the bridge to make their getaways
from Texas.

Despite the Sabbat's stronghold over
the police, Ciudad Juarez remains a popu-
lar place for bounty hunters chasing after
criminals. The unwary ones die quickly,
but the more seasoned ones know that if
they behave themselves almost anyone is
likely to pass over the bridge.

Pitic

Pitic isasmall town with grand ambitions.
Situated at the joining fork of the Sonora
and Gran Miguel rivers, the town has al-
ready established itself with the Americans,
preparing for a railroad line to go from Texas
into Mexico. Though the railroad is not yet
completed, there has already been a popula-
tion explosion in the area.

The city was originally established by the
local Indians and though a few of European
descent have all come into the area, it re-
mains primarily an Indian- owned and
controlled town. There is a very nice church
in the Town Square, but a few of the more
observant may notice that only a handful of
the citizens ever attend Mass there.

To the east of the town are several hills
where the locals mine for copper, gold and
silver. Between their rich mining projects
and the forthcoming railroad, the citizens
of Pitic are all quite wealthy. Considering


the influence they are gaining and the
financial power at their disposal, most of
the supernaturals might find it unusual
that there are no other beings in control of
the area. The Sabbat stay away from Pitic
since the last four groups trying to take the
town failed to return. The Uktena refuse
to speak of the place, though they do
occasionally enter the town and speak
with a select few. In exchange for leaving
Pitic alone, they have been promised that
their caern in the distant hills will remain
untouched.

Many people have come to Pitic and a
large number of them have stayed, finding
employmentand opportunity. Iffrom time
to time a few of them disappear under
unusual circumstances, no one has made
note of it more than once in public.

Hermosillo

Hermosillo is the closest town to Pitic
and, while it is certainly as large, it does
not prosper in the same way. Several battles
have been fought at Hermosillo, most re-
cently during the attempts by the French
to interfere in Mexico and during the
Mexican-American War. Oddly, as most
of the people of Hermosillo will point out,
none of the fighting ever made it to the
neighboring town of Pitic. Or if it did, no
one over there is talking about it.

With the railroads coming to Pitic, many
of the people in Hermosillo are doing
everything they can to attract some of the
new industry in their direction. They've
high hopes that a new company coming
down to Mexico will make them a notice-
able spot on the map. The Moonlight
Canning Company of Topeka, Kansas,

Chapter Two: Geography


has already made overtures in their direc-
tion. Most of the folks around Hermosillo
couldn't be happier.

Chihuahua

Chihuahua is one of the best-estab-
lished towns in northern Mexico.
Cattlemen and fledgling industrialists have
already claimed the land with an eye to-
wards the glory of being the capital of the
country. President Juarez has already de-
cided to move the capital from Mexico
City over to Chihuahua, to be closer to his
own land holdings. There are politicians
aplenty and more revolutionists than even
Santa Anna could imagine. More impor-
tantly, there're enough hills to keep the
Sabbat properly hidden for years to come.
Aside from Mexico City, this is the largest
gathering place of the Sabbat vampires,
and "La Sombra" rule over everything and
everyone to one degree or another. Many
of the "recruits" captured and converted
by the Boot Hill Gang have made them-
selves available to the leader of the Sabbat
in the area, Arturo de la Marcon. There is
constant tension among the mortals, an
almost palpable need to make changes in
the way Mexico is run. Shapechangers are
generally uncomfortable with the growing
population, but the Shadow Lords have
maintained their presence within the city,
despite the growing Sabbat threat. At
present, Alejandro Reyes, the leader of
the Shadow Lords in Mexico is offering a
bounty of 200 pesos for the fangs of any
vampire killed and brought to him. Bring-
ing the vampires alive to his hacienda at
the edge of town is worth 500 pesos.

SSS

XxX

Reyes, known to his brethren as Killer-
of-Leeches, has made the eradication of
the growing vampire population his pri-
mary goal. Like most of his fellow Shadow
Lords, he holds with Garou and Spanish
tradition alike. Those who wish to deal
with him should have at least a modicum
of proper etiquette if they wish to be treated
as equals.

Nuevo Laredo

Until 1848, Nuevo Laredo was consid-
ered a part of Laredo, Texas. When the
Mexican American War came along, the
people of the area were torn as to what to
do. Surprisingly, they managed to survive
the entire conflict by remaining neutral.
They fought when they had to, but never
let the war take precedence over business.
Farming, canning, textile and cotton gin-
ning are all a part of Nuevo Laredo's
industrial complex, one of the oldest and
best established in Mexico. Many of the
people here are originally from the east
coast of the United States, but are just as
content to be Mexican citizens as long as
they maintain their holdings and con-
tinue to make a profit.

The land around the city is heavily
cultivated and well cared for. The Uktena
and Shadow Lords, as well as the Bone
Gnawers, have all been established in the
area for generations, though they seldom
agree on anything. Not far from the town,
to the north, are the remains of a Nuwisha
kiba. The kiba is avoided by all of the
Garou, as it is said to be haunted by the
ancestral spirits of the Nuwisha driven
away during the second War or Rage.


Unsurprisingly, the Nuwisha still make
full use of the sacred ground. Others who
have tried their luck often find themselves
hopelessly lost when seeking the kiba, and
many claim they feel the eyes of the dead
upon them in this place held sacred by the
werecoyotes.

The Sabbat have made their presence
known in the area, but to date their at-
tempts to drive the Garou out or to gain a
strong foothold in Nuevo Laredo have
failed. Though the separate tribes of Garou
agree on little, they are perfectly willing
and able to join together when their en-
emies threaten the city.

Cluata-nol, the leader of the local
Uktena has allegedly gained allies among
the reclusive Ananasi who know how best
to handle the Sabbat, and if the rumors are
true, on how to handle the Interlopers.

There is a surprisingly large gathering of
Ananasi to the south of Nuevo Laredo,
many of whom make regular trips into
town. Though such a collection of
werespiders is rare in this day and age, the
aging Uktena claims they once gathered
in force almost everywhere. Most agree
he's a little crazy, though none dare say as
much to his face. Cluata-nol is adamant in
protecting his sept from improper influ-
ences. Unlike many of the Uktena, he and
his sept refuse to allow any other Garou to
know the location of their caern or to use
it for any reason.

Cajeme

Cajeme is the next major stop planned
for the railroad in Mexico. The city is
already growing in anticipation of the
change, and several companies are plan-

Chapter Two: Geography

ning to establish themselves in the area.
At present the main industry of the town
is cattle raised in the surrounding farm-
lands. Just recently several of the farmers
have complained about odd cattle mutila-
tions found among their stock. The hearts
of several have been removed, and there
are growing rumors that strange cat-men
have been seen in the forests beyond the
limits of human influence.

The Balam remain silent on this sub-
ject, save to mention that there are a few
among them who have reverted to the
"old ways" of the Aztecs. To date no Garou
have managed tosettle into the area. They
tend to end up dead within a week or so.
The same is true of the vampires.

Monterrey

Monterrey is another of the large min-
ing towns in Mexico. In addition to silver,
copper and gold mining, there are also
several processing plants for the ores, which
collect the ore dredged up from other
mining towns and purify the metals.
Monterrey is also one of the main head-
quarters of the Church, and of the
Inquisition in Mexico. El Obispado, the
Bishop's Palace is a major landmark of the
area, and is the central headquarters for
the inquisitors on the hunt for demons.
The Sabbat have, so far, given Monterrey
awide berth, but that's bound to change in
time. There are already several of the
undead in the hills surrounding the town,
but they have yet to make any serious
attempts to attack.


XX

|

The Garou in town are almost exclu-
sively Shadow Lords. They do not trouble
the Church, and the Inquisition, notknow-
ing of their existence in the region, leaves
them in peace.

Unbeknownst to the Sabbat and Shadow
Lords alike, there is a rather large pack of
Red Talons in the area. The Red Talons,
like the vampires, are biding their time.
Inevitably the calm of Monterrey will
change into something else entirely.

Matamoros

Matamoros is a major port town, just
across the Rio Grande from Brownsville,
Texas, with access to the Gulf of Mexico.
Ships from Spain, the Caribbean Islands
and virtually everywhere else find their
way to the city and leave with many of the
exports of Mexico. They also bring just as
many imports along the way and a con-
tinuous flow of new people. Though the
Sabbat has begun to infiltrate the area, the
Camarilla has long since established itself
in Matamoros. The war between the fac-
tions is exceedingly violent and
frighteningly quiet. More importantly,
other factions within the world of the
vampires have made themselves known
here. Garou are few in the city proper, but
the Uktena and Bone Gnawers both have
Kinfolk here and are always around should
they be needed. For the moment the city
has fallen to the vampires; the Garou feel
the time has not yet come to take control
and destroy the invading Leeches.

Tales From The Trails: Mexico

Culiacan

Culiacan was important to the Aztecs
long before the Spaniards arrived. These
days most people tend to think of it as
another combination mining and farming
community. It is also the home of a very
powerful mummy, who makes her pres-
ence known when she feels matters are
getting out of hand. A great number of the
locals still follow the traditions of their
ancestors, though they are careful not to
let the Church know the truth of the
matter. The Balam hold the area, and do
not hesitate to hunt down and destroy
anyone or anything that comes too close
to discovering their secrets.

The Red Talons know the truth of
Culiacan andavoid the town and its people.
Though they might loathe the humans,
they respect the Balam enough to stay
away. The Uktena are welcome to visit,
but not to stay in the area. As is the case
with most of the native shapeshifters, the
Interlopers are not welcome. A rather
large gathering of Balam make that point
very clear whenever the European Garou
attempt to enter their territory.

San Luis Potosi

The Autonomous University of San Luis
Potosi has rapidly become one of the ma-
jor centers of learning in Mexico. The
people of the city are among the most
industrially minded, and already the Tech-
nocratic Union is gaining a powerful


foothold in the area. Industrialists have
found a niche as well, and state-of-the-art
smelting refineries and textile mills are
becoming the main source of income for
the people of the region. There are still
farms aplenty, but the farmers here tend to
grow cotton and tobacco rather than grain
or other food crops.

The Sabbat is busy trying infiltrating
the area, but isn't having much success. In
addition to the Technocratic Orders who
not only control but also protect the city,
San Luis Potosi is the only city in Mexico
with an open lodge of the Enlightened
Society of the Weeping Moon. Though
the Society and the Technocracy do not
see eye to eye, they have each decided that
the threat of the Changing Breeds and
vampires should be eliminated at all costs.
A rather large gathering of men in town
hunt down and destroy anything that
smacks of the supernatural in the area.

Tampico

Tampico is one of the three largest port
towns on Mexico's east coast. Like the
other towns, the vampires and werewolves
have both staked their claim on the terri-
tory. In this case, the Sabbat are winning
the war, taking advantage of the open
terrain to aid them in locating and ruining
any places where the werewolves might
reside. But that is about to change. The
Mokolé have heard of the trouble in the
region and decided that a little assistance
is necessary. Several of the werealligators
have recently relocated to the port town,
and are beginning to coordinate their ef-

forts with the remaining Uktena. The
Shadow Lords in the region have not yet
learned of the shifting balance of power.

Guadalajara

Guadalajara is the second largest city in
Mexico, and one of the highest in eleva-
tion. It lies to the west of Mexico City, at
a much higher elevation — nearly 6,000
feet above sea level. The weather is mild
year round and the farming is excellent.
The University of Guadalajara is growing
quickly, and many of the residents are of
above average education as a result.
Though far from completion, the railroads
are coming to Guadalajara as well, and
there are already several textile mills be-
ing built in preparation. Vampires have
been seen in the area, but have not yet
begun an earnest attempt to infiltrate the
city: they're far too busy trying to claim
Mexico City.

Many of the local humans claim that
Guadalajara has a guardian angel, one
who blesses the land with fertility and the
people with good health. They are wrong,
of course. What they have is a blessing
from their ancestors, one of whom has
simply chosen not to die. Malinche is old,
though she hardly seems so, and she has
made many mistakes in her life. For the
time being she concentrates on doing all
she can to protect the people of
Guadalajara. Only time will tell if she is
successful. The Uktena of the area know
who she is and what she has done in the
past. They also accept that almost anyone
can change, given enough time.

Chapter Two: Geography 43


ZLELz

Mexico City

Mexico City was once the capital of
Mexico, but that has changed with Benito
Juarez's presidency. The National Autono-
mous University of Mexico, established in
1551, sits to the south of the city proper,
but is still heavily influential in the poli-
tics and philosophies of the upper class. At
least as influential is the Catholic Church,
with several cathedrals already established
in thearea. The city has grown and changed
during the last 300 years, becoming one of
the best-established locations of European
culture in the Americas. Just the same, a
great deal of the native culture has re-
mained embedded in the people and their
way of life.

Despite its decline in governmental sta-
tus, the city flourishes, and its population
is constantly rising. The textile industry is
already well established and several can-
neries are endeavoring to succeed in the
city. The country's mint and most of the
established banks in Mexico have their
roots here, and there is a thriving art
culture that is unparalleled in the New
World.

Unsurprisingly, the Ventrue and the
Toreador, along with the rest of the
Camarilla, have no intention of surren-
dering their beloved city to the Sabbat,
despite the increasing number of renegade
vampires that are showing themselves in
the area. There is a war going on in Mexico
City that makes the skirmishes in the rest
of the country seem tame in comparison.
While the humans go about their business
and sleep in their beds, vampires of two

strongly opposed beliefs are fighting to
win over the most deeply rooted vampire
stronghold in the New World.

Aselsewhere, the vampires are notalone
in claiming the city. Though many have
migrated further away from the center and
travel greater distances to meet with their
brethren, the Shadow Lords and the Balam
both hold Mexico City as their own. The
Second War of Rage may have ended for
most of Mesoamerica, but it still rages on
in Mexico City. Making matters worse is
the fact that, for the first time in the
history of Mexico, the Black Spiral Danc-
ers are staking claims as well. There have
only been a few minor conflicts to date,
but an all out war for control of the terri-
tory is inevitable at this point.

On the mortal side of things, the politics
are just as intense and often even more
lethal. Though Mexico City is not the
current capital of the country, few doubt it
will be again in the near future. The
Church, the politicians and the people on
the street are all of differing opinions as to
what will occur. The Church wants to
reclaim its lands, the politicians can't de-
cide on just how the country should be
run, and the citizens of Mexico want an
end to the ceaseless conflict between the
republicans and the federalists. Public opin-
ion on whether or not a strong central
government is truly needed remains un-
certain, but everyone agrees that Mexico
wishes to remain free to make it's own
decisions, despite the interest of the United
States, the French and the Spanish. Sol-
diers walk the streets in force, carrying


sword and rifle and ready to break up any
fights that start. They are also more than
willing to use lethal force if necessary.

The Technocratic Union has finally
taken an interest in the city as well, mak-
ing themselves at home in the four
universities and in the growing number of
factories in the area. The Tradition mages
who have long held a strong influence in
Mexico are justifiably worried about what
may come from the intrusions. Tensions
between the two groups are quickly reach-
ing the breaking point.

Mexico City has a long history. In the
distant past the land it rests on was the
capital of the Aztec Empire, Tenochtitlan.
In that era Lake Texcoco was the source of
water for thousands, and the cold waters
received the blood of thousands more when
the rains came and washed away the re-
mains of human sacrifices. Even as the city
grew larger and rafts that held still more
buildings and more people covered the
lake, it was used as a source of water.

These days the lake is gone, covered by
the new buildings of the Interlopers and
buried along with the memories of ancient
glory. Perhaps those waters, locked away
from the light of the sun, remember some-
thing that no one else does, for most of the
Garou and many of the other Changing
Breeds feel that Mexico City cannot be
saved. The Bone Gnawers still live in the
city, but the Shadow Lords tend to do
whatever business they must in the city
and then leave.

Many of the locals blame Maximillian,
the Interloper who came on behalf of the
French and decided to rule over Mexico.

Chapter Two: Geography

Ta

He, with the blessing of the French gov-
ernment, tried to take control of the
country, claiming Mexico City as his capi-
tal. Despite the complaints of the United
States and Mexican governments alike,
the French only surrendered their claim to
the land in 1865. Maximillian refused to
leave, believing that he had the blessing of
the people of Mexico. Perhaps his death
by firing squad, under the orders of Benito
Juarez, finally made him see the error of his
ways.

Still, many of the locals claim that noth-
ing has gone right since Maximillian of
Austria came to rule over them. Others
accuse the Spaniards. Their destruction of
the Aztec Empire lead to the death of all
that was worthwhile in the Valley de
Mexico and ruined the land.

The only certain thing is that there is a
presence in Mexico City. The dark force
that seems to hover over the area is almost
palpable, and the people — when they
consider the idea at all — are uneasy with
the notion. Whatever the case, Mexico

City seems to draw trouble like a corpse ©

draws flies. Though there are many places
where the land is less well-defended and
the obstacles are not as great, the Sabbat
have concentrated their greatest forces
within the Valley de Mexico and in par-
ticular on the once-capital of the country.
Industrialists have begun to move in, and
the people living in the city are finding
jobs with ease, but there is still a feeling of
dread, a sense that something bad is grow-
ing here... something inexorable.

dh

eee

=

AK

y



Mexico is a land with a long and rich
history, and the people of Mexico bear the
echoes of that history in their every move
and gesture. Despite over 300 years as the
rulers of the country, the Spanish invaders
and the Catholic Church have never truly
taken away the culture of the past. Many
of the Aztec traditions remain intact, or
have become a part of the ceremonies and
celebrations of the European culture that
came to tule.

Throughout the country there are pock-
ets of natives who remain true to their
ancient faiths. Though most have long

since moved away from the era of human
sacrifice (most — this is the World of
Darkness, after all), there are still plenty of
natives who revere the ancient deities of
the Aztec and the Mayans alike.
Catholicism is the religion of the vast
majority of the people, and the European
influences in the day-to-day lives of Mexi-
cans cannot be ignored. The Church has
attended to the educational needs of the
country for over 250 years and the influ-
ence of that education is widespread.

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico 47


Especially in the southern part of the
country, the slaves brought over from the
Caribbean have had their impact. Santeria
is also a strong religion along many of the
Gulf Coast ports. But despite the turmoil
that brews in many of the larger cities,
there are vast areas where the people live
in relative peace with the farms they have
tended for generations.

While much of the United States is still
trying to adapt to the differences in cul-
tures and the expanding European
influence, the Mexican people have long
since come to a sort of peace with the
merging philosophies. The strange mixing
of faiths and absorption of many of the
Aztec beliefs into the Church in the past
have led in turn toa strange symbiosis that
is accepted throughout the land. There is
little religious persecution, and the expan-
sionist fever that sweeps across the US is a
thing of the past in Mexico.

At least that's the way it looks on the
surface. Mexico might appear calmer, but
the truth of the matter is that there are still
alot of unresolved issues that need attend-
ing to. True, the conquest of Mexico is
long past, but the desire to build a perfect
country has met with disaster after disaster
in the wake of the years of slavery and
turmoil. Most of the natives in Mexico are
of mixed blood and mixed heritage, which
is a large part of the reason there has been
a successful blending of cultures. That
doesn't mean that everyone agrees with
the notion of equality, however.

Many of the descendants of the Span-
iards still see themselves as superior to
those of mixed heritage, and they often
have the money and influence to make

sure that things go their way. Despite
numerous revolutions and overthrows of
governments that simply weren't work-
ing, the problems of the past are still
prevalent.

The growing trend towards industrial-
ization in Mexico is not helping matters.
Those with the money and influence to
open factories and mills need workers, and
they normally get them by hiring them
away from the farms. The single aspect of
the culture that has remained unchanged
for centuries — farming — is beginning to
die as people leave the farms to find better
pay and opportunities in the cities. The
cities, in most cases unprepared for such
rapid growth, are in turn becoming over-
crowded and are not properly designed to
accommodate the changing demograph-
ics of the regions around them.

In short, Mexico is going through very
painful growth spurts. The Industrial Age
is striking hard at the basic foundations of
Mexican culture in the more urban areas,
and the country as a whole is suffering as a
result.

Though Benito Juarez is the official presi-
dent of Mexico, there are still many factions
who would gladly seize power if they could:
From radical elements that would rein-
state segregation and the laws of the past
to liberal factions who would see everyone
made equal and the land seized and di-
vided among all the citizens, there are a
hundred different agendas that are all vy-
ing for the position of power. A strong
sense of paranoia runs through the gov-
ernment of Mexico, brought on by the

48 Tales From The Trails: Mexico


turbulent history of the last hundred years
and recent invasions by both the US and
France.

The military forces in Mexico are tense
and prepared to defend themselves from
threats both real and imagined. In the past
40 years the soldiers in Mexico have fought
among themselves and with two separate
invading forces. The people of Mexico
have lost land both in the north and in the
south to invading armies, and the chang-
ing finances of a growing industrial nation
are only adding to the chaos.

Adding to the sheer chaos are the super-
natural forces at work in Mexico. The
Camarilla has long been content to hold
control over the cities and leave the wilder
areas to the Changing Breeds. Though the
shapeshifters have never been as comfort-
able with the notion, at least they
understood the status quo well enough to
survive their encounters with the vam-
pires. But that's all changing. The Sabbat
aren't merely sneaking into the cities and
slowly seizing power, they're using the
conflicts of the mortals to mask their ac-
tions. When the humans begin to work
out their differences, the Sabbat are there
to make matters worse. Relations with the
United States, already very strained, are
being made worse by the Sabbat. The
rebel factions within the country are often
merely people unsatisfied with the progress
of the current regime, but they are also
often the result of carefully orchestrated
maneuvers by the invading vampires.

The Camarilla still has influence in
many of the larger towns, but they have
already lost a number of the smaller areas
and they are still losing their Jyhad with

their longtime enemies. Both sides are
glad to use human pawns in their conflicts,
and the result is a steadily growing chaos in
the cities, along with a fear of what waits
in the areas between them.

Despite the fact that there are still large
areas where humans remain only a minor
nuisance, the Changing Breeds are grow-
ing very paranoid — not only about the
vampires, but about each other. The days
when the shapeshifters agreed on most
things and worked together are long gone,
but it has been only recently that the
conflicts of their Kinfolk started adding to
the differences. The political factions that
affect the humans also affect the Chang-
ing Breeds. The War of Rage, though over,
is still a sore spot for most of the Changing
Folk, especially the Balam and the Red

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico 49

OOOOS


Talons. The werejaguars would rather see
the glories of the past brought back, and
the influence of the Interlopers destroyed
once and for all. The Red Talons would
prefer to see an end to the growing num-
bers of humans in the country, and bring
back the Impergium.

The very spirit of the country has been
wounded by the losses to the US. In addi-
tion to the loss of land, there is also the loss
of pride and the separation of families on
a level never before achieved in the re-
gion. The foundation of the Mexican
culture is being assaulted by the changes in
government and the crushing blows the
recent war with the United States have
brought about. Many of the Americans
now take it for granted that they can do
what they want, when they want, and
there's been little to prove them wrong. A
good number of the Sabbat leaders are
coming from the north, and they bring
ideals that humans and Camarilla vam-
pires alike frown on, but over which they
seem to have no control. They bring chaos
and confusion into a place where every-
one has long thought they understood
what was going on and whom they could
trust.

Werewolves in

Mexico
The philosophies of Mexican

werewolves and the those of States are
very different. One of the largest differ-
ences simply comes from history. Many of
the native Garou in the US are only just
beginning to have contact with their Eu-
ropean counterparts. In Mexico the

exchange has been going on for centuries;
thankfully, the worst of the bloodshed and
territorial conflicts are in the past. Many
of the bitter rivalries that exist in the
north simply haven't been a problem for
the Mexican Garou, but that's changing.
The Mexican-American war may be over,
but the notions of expanding into the area
beyond the Rio Grande have an appeal
that few of the US werewolves haven't
considered. The Uktena and Wendigo
entertain the thought that the Europeans
haven't caused as much damage in the
south as they are currently causing in the
United States proper. This idea is bol-
stered by the fact that many of the Indian
raiding parties tend to use the border as a
convenient way to avoid capture by the
US Army. If the Europeans are deter-
mined to take the land from the Indians,
than perhaps the Indians can find a better
land to inhabit. The problem seems to be
that too many of the Pure One Garou are
confusing different for better in this case.
The cultural differences are just as great
between the Mexican Indians and the
American Indians as they are between the
Europeans and the American Indians.
Making matters worse is the belief by many
of the Indians that they are escaping to a
land where the Europeans are not in con-
trol. The truth is the Europeans have had
control in Mexico for a far greater span of
time; they just haven't been as blatant
about it.

What the US government considers the
"Wild Frontier" has long been established
as just another part of the territories for the
Mexicans. But that too is changing. The
discovery of gold and other precious min-


¢.@,

erals in places where the Mexicans never
thought to look is taking hold, and the
untamed areas of Mexico are rapidly get-
ting more attention than ever before. New
mining operations and the sudden loss of a
third of the country's territory has changed
the perspective of the Mexicans substan-
tially. They once had more land than they
knew what to do with, now they have less
land than they feel they truly need.

Additionally, the United States has al-
ready been making gonnections in Mexico,
seeking to gather more land, or at least its
resources, now that the war is over. Gold
fever has also blurred the lines around the
border more than most are comfortable
admitting. US citizens seeking gold have
noreason to ignore the potential wealth of
Mexico simply because a map tells them
they can't dig where they please. Just as
poachers have always found the best deer
to hunt in forbidden territory, the miners
tend to think the hills are a little shinier
on the southern side of the border. The
long forgotten rumors of El Dorado, the
city of gold have come back into the light,
and there are prospectors aplenty seeking
to find out just where that shining legend
might be hiding.

Put another way: both the Pure One
Garou and the Wyrmbringers are begin-
ning to think Mexico looks like a wonderful
place to visit. This change in attitude is
causing substantial waves in an area where
the werewolves and other shapechangers
thought they'd already figured out every-
thing they needed to know about each
other.

The Shadow Lords and Bone Gnawers
have been prevalent for a long time, they
have become a known and grudgingly ac-
cepted quantity. The other European
Garou have never been around in Mexico
in numbers worth noticing, but that's
changing. The Iron Riders have taken
note of the land to the south and are
beginning to make their move into the
territory. They're bringing railroads and
telegraphs with them, and the human
populace in many places couldn't be hap-
pier. The other shapechangers, however,
are not amused by this sudden invasion.
Even the Bone Gnawers and Shadow Lords
are displeased by the sudden attention the
territories they've long claimed as their
ownare getting. There are skirmishes start-
ing up in the middle of Mexico, and they've
been going on in the northern part of the
country for several years already. Most of
these are mildly muted by the threat of the
Sabbat, but that doesn't mean they aren't
happening. The fights are just more likely
to be political rather than physical.

The Get of Fenris have already begin to
look to the south, and seeing the battles
against the Leeches have begun to con-
sider expanding their field of operations.
While there have been no major concen-
trations of the Get moving down to Mexico
and staying as yet, it's not at all uncom-
mon to see packs of the Get paying a visit
to Mexico and checking out the strength
of the various septs. One particular group,
who merely call themselves the Bounty
Hunters, have made a point of chasing the
Sabbat packs they encounter across the
border and into Mexico before putting an
end to them. They are, for the most part,

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico 51

e
yy 38

A

Td |b

SANS

LS

SSS

SSS


SSN

ZLELs

seen as welcome aid by the Mexican Garou,
but there are some who believe their in-
tentionsaren't entirely pure. While part of
the group's appeal is that the pack is inter-
tribal, there's no doubt that the leaders are
Get of Fenris, or that they are just as savage
and brutal as ever.

The Red Talons are not at all pleased
with what they see regarding the newcom-
ers from the US. Many of the feral Garou
have heard tales of the bounty on wolves
in the northern territories, and they look
to the United States as an indication that
the same hunts might well come to Mexico.
The sad, bitter irony of the situation is that
many of the Red Talons are making pre-
emptive strikes against travelers from the
US, and are likely to spur on the very
problem they've been hoping to avoid. On
the other hand, they've been instrumental
in stopping a great number of the Sabbat
vampires who would have already joined
their undead brethren in Mexico.

The Uktenaof Mexico are rapidly learn-
ing that their tribal cousins from the States
are notalwaysas enlightened as they might
hope. The differences in their cultures,
while not as extreme as the differences
they have with many of the European
werewolves, are starting to show them-
selves. The Mexican Uktena are far more
tolerant of the Europeans than are their
US counterparts, and the tensions brought
forth by arguing over how to deal with the
Interlopers and whether or not there should
be stronger retaliations against them have
become both tedious and frustrating. More
importantly, the continuing practice of
certain Aztec rites is almost as unsettling
to the United States Uktena as the accep-

Tales From The Trails: Mexico

tance of other human races into the tribes
of the northern Uktena is to their Mexi-
can Brethren. Unlike the Uktena in the
United States, the southern Uktena have
done all they could to avoid the mixing of
racial bloods, going so far as to ostracize
offspring of mixed heritage. The Mexican
Uktena see the Infelizos as an embarrass-
ment, and yet they see their northern
cousins making more of the same wretched
creatures and embracing them as family.
The notion is scandalous to their way of
life.

The Wendigo making their way into
the Mexican frontier are no better. They
bring with them the savagery the Uktena
of Mexico had all but forgotten, and they
also bring an unreasoning hatred for all
that is European. There are some that can
tolerate the Wyrmcomers, but most would


OB

aane®

rather destroy all of their white man cous-
ins and risk the consequences. The sheer
ferocity of their attitude unsettles the
Uktena almost as much as the
Wyrmbringers themselves do. And once
again, there isa difference in philosophies.
Like their Kinfolk and the humans of
Mexico, the Uktena have accepted cer-
tain aspects of not only the Aztec faith but
of the Catholic faith into their own. They
are minor things, certain holidays and
festivals that the Uktena participate in,
but to the Wendigo, these small changes
are a sign of weakness, acertain indication
that the Uktena of Mexico have grown
weak and possibly even corrupt. The to-
tems of the Wendigo are not the totems of
the Uktena — and in this case the differ-
ences in philosophies are all but intolerable
to both sides.

The Silver Fangs have discovered
Mexico as well, and they have a very
simple philosophy that has begun to grow
stronger in their hearts and minds: The
failure of the Shadow Lords to drive the
Sabbat from the land are evidence that the
Shadow Lords are not strong enough to
rule in Mexico. Though their overtures in
the land of the Aztecs are not as blatant as
many of their counterparts, there can be
no mistaking the fact that they intend to
set matters right.

The Silver Fangs are making their move,
but they are doing so with a wickedly cold
subtlety. Rather than openly assaulting
the Shadow Lords' right to rule, they are
currently using their influence with the
other tribes to handle the matter for them.
And they are using their human connec-
tions as well. Several of the manufacturing

companies from France and the US now
taking an interest in Mexico are doing so
with Silver Fang backing. While they use
the Get of Fenris and the European Shadow
Lords to make their more direct overtures,
the Fangs also use their influence with the
Bone Gnawers to add to the steady decay
of the Shadow Lords' power base in Mexico.
There have been no obvious overtures
from the Silver Fangs, because they have
not been needed.

Though there are many among the
Shadow Lords who suspect that the late
and unlamented Maximillian of Austria
was the pawn of the Silver Fangs, they are
wrong. The Silver Fangs have no desire to
try anything quite that blatant at the
present time. On the other hand, they see
the Uktena in the area as a sign that they
are on the right track. After three centu-
ries of dealing with the Shadow Lords, the
Uktena still remain, by and large, separate
from the fold. They too must be taught the
error of their ways. The Silver Fangs have
designs for Mexico, and those plans do not
include acontinued place of leadership for
the Shadow Lords. The Shadow Lords,
quite naturally, have no intention of suf-
fering the same indignities in Mexico that
they were forced to suffer in other parts of
the world. The Silver Fangs are not wel-
come, and they intend to make sure the
so-called noble Garou understand that
fact.

The Silent Striders remain, in Mexico
as elsewhere, an enigma to the other tribes.
Only a handful of Silent Striders have
made their way to the area to date, though
they have caused little difficulty along the
way and are normally considered welcome

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico 59


guests by those who've met their kind in
the past. That too could change, however,
now that so many of the Wyrmbringers are
making their presence known.

If the Silent Striders are a rare, the
Stargazers are all butacomplete unknown
in Mexico. This, too, is rapidly changing.
The few Stargazers who've come to Mexico
are doing all they can to learn the history
of the people and to study the cultures and
ways of the other shapechangers in the
region. There are few places where the
Changing Breeds have ever managed to
get along so well for so many centuries, all
the while having a lasting impact on the
culture of a people. The mysteries of the
Mexican culture and its survival are an
enigma they desperately want to under-
stand.

Just as the Get of Fenris are making
excursions into the Mexican territories,
the Fianna are also making their presence
known. The land is ripe with opportuni-
ties, and the Fianna are always looking for
a few good times. As a result, many of the
bards are rapidly discovering the benefit of
living south of the border for long spans of
time while they wait for the outrage over
their last party to calm down. The Fianna
have discovered something unusual in
Mexico: a land where the poorest people
still know how to celebrate when the time
is right, and many of them are only too
glad to share in the festivities. That a good
number of their Kinfolk are also in the
process of leaving the US due to territorial
disputes and the occasional murder, is
only added incentive. While not all of the
Fianna are guilty of larceny or theft to
ensure their continued happiness, the ma-

SST

ZOE,

jority of the ones going down Mexico way
are guilty of enough to get them in trouble
in the States. There are, of course, excep-
tions, like the ones who simply want to see
what life in Mexico is all about, or the ones
who have discovered that the US is really
a great deal smaller than they ever imag-
ined. One of the main drives that keeps
the Fianna going into Mexico is simply
that one of their own was involved in the
founding of Nacogdoches and the result-
ant war that changed the face of the US
and Mexico alike. The grass, it would
appear, continues to be greener in the
next pasture — at least as far as the Fianna
are concerned.

The Black Furies have long had a pres-
ence in Mexico, dating back to the times
before the Technocracy and the Interlop-

4 Tales From The Trails: Mexico


ers came. In the distant past a band of the
Garou met with and joined forces with the
archmage El Dorado. They faded from
memory when he left the Gaia Realm, but
they were remembered in myths far to the
south of Mexico, where the Amazon River
cuts across South America. They have
come back to an extent, and they are
working to make changes of their own in
a society where women have almost al-
ways been second class citizens. Though
they are not as active as the Get of Fenris
or the Fianna, they are making their pres-
ence known again, and they are doing so
with both honor and savagery. The stron-
gest camp of the Black Furies in Mexico is
the Freebooters, those Furies who seek out
adventure and treasure. While a few of the
more militant among them have begun
forcing the notion of equality, most of the
female warriors seem more interested in
stopping the Sabbat and seeking the leg-
endary Amazonian warriors who left their
homeland of Greece over 500 years ago.

The Children of Gaia are making their
way into Mexico as well, just as they have
been for centuries. Despite the War of
Rage and the atrocities committed so long
ago, the Children of Gaia share the same
concerns about Mexico that they have
about the United States. There are simply
too many conflicts between the tribes, and
someone has to strive to calm them down.
Who better than the Children of Gaia?
Several packs of the peacemakers have
come Mexico, and they are doing what
they can to keep the boiling tensions be-
tween the other tribes from exploding into
something far worse.

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico

The Bone Gnawers have been in Mexico
for as long as the Shadow Lords, but they
have never been as explosive about it.
With the expansion taking place in the
US, that is changing. The Bone Gnawers
of Mexico and the Bone Gnawers of the
States have discovered a surprising secret
—they are one of the largest groups of
European Garou in West. They have also
discovered that the Sabbat are starting a
major run for the border and taking as
much with them as they can in the pro-
cess. The Gnawers were the first to realize
the danger of the Sabbat and they are the
most determined to eliminate it. On both
sides of the botder the Bone Gnawers are
fighting hard to stop the expansionist tac-
tics of the Sabbat, gathering together in
packs and hunting down the vampires
wherever they find them. The fighting is
rapidly getting out of hand, and the ten-
dency of the vampires to create more of
their own from the poorer classes of people
has become something of a personal slight
in the eyes of the werewolf mutts. While
the other tribes stick to their own agendas,
the Bone Gnawers work are concentrat-
ing on the most important dilemma in
Mexico, the destruction of a strange, sad
innocence.

The Shadow Lords have, perhaps, the
largest investment of energy regarding the
expansion of the other tribes. They have
held sway over the region for centuries,
and they know that the Silver Fangs will
soon do something to change the status
quo if they haven't already begun the task.
While the Bone Gnawers and Uktena of
Mexico have remained separate from their
US counterparts, the Shadow Lords have


worked hard to maintain contacts both in
Europe and in the US alike. Their net-
work of connections is heavy and they
intend to use it to the best advantage in
the territorial disputes they know are com-
ing their way.

To date they've mercilessly worked on
all fronts to keep the confusion strong
among the human quarters, because if the
human forces cannot unite and decide on
a proper government for the region, the
Shadow Lords can continue to foster to
build their own methods of protecting
their lands. The Uktena and the Mexican
shapechangers are not a part of the equa-
tion as far as the Shadow Lords are
concerned. They are known quantities,
and arrangements have been made with
most of them to keep acertain peace in the
area. It is, ironically, their own kind they
fear the most. The other European Garou
are far more aggressive, far more deter-
mined to stake new claims and therefore a
much deadlier threat to the Shadow Lord
power base. Everything they strove to make
their own over the centuries, the territory
and position they've created for them-
selves, is at risk, and the descendants of the
original conquistadors are determined to
keep what they've made by any means
necessary. They've even taken to dealing
with Bone Gnawers, nauseating though
they find the notion.

The expansion into Mexico has begun,
and the Garou have begun to take sides in
a battle that may or may not ever come to
pass. The main difficulty comes from the
simple fact that no one really knows who
they can trust, while the other
shapechangers watch and wait with bated

SSSESN

ZLLL:

CX

breath, uncertain as to whether or not
they will have to fight another War of
Rage against the Interlopers. Though there
have been few conflicts so far, the Chang-
ing Breeds all know that the resurgence of
Wyrmbringer Garou into their area can
only mean trouble.

Los Bestias de
Mexico

The Ananasi have dealt with the Garou
in the past, and they are not pleased by
what they see happening. While the
werespiders have always been distant from
the other shapechangers, the gap between
the Ananasi and other Changing Breeds
has always been narrower in Mexico.
Though never as intent on watching over
the humansas their fellows, they too played
a part in guiding and protecting the hu-
mans from their own follies.

But the Ananasi have problems of their
own these days. They are fighting their
own war, and it's getting very brutal. The
Comanche Ananasi have come to Mexico
as well, spreading through the Land and
assaulting anything they feel should be
crushed. One of their favorite targets to
date are the solitary werespiders of Central
America. The Comanche Spiders run in
packs, unlike their brethren, and they are
only too happy to use their unfair advan-
tage. They have already made their
presence known in northern Mexico and
are well on their way into the jungles of
the southern regions. What they have not
prepared themselves for are the gatherings
of the Weaver's Children who are prepar-
ing for them. Warned by the Corax and


Ki

the Nuwisha alike, the werespiders of
Mexico are banding together in unprec-
edented numbers. The jungles of Nuevo
Laredo have become a testing ground fora
new philosophy among the children of
Weaver and Wyld alike, and there is little
doubt that the violence, once started will
be severe. Most of the shapeshifters have
left the area to the werespiders, though a
few of the European Garou have mistaken
this change in the area for a sign that the
territory is ripe for picking. The arachnid
population in the area has grown so heavy
that many of the humans are leaving the
area as well, certain that the spiders are a
sign of evil sorcery.

There are rumors that a change is occur-
ring within the Mexican Ananasi, astrange
blend of both physical and mystical ener-

gies that could well lead to an entirely new
breed of the werespiders taking control of
the region and destroying anything at all
that dares venture into their territory. The
number one question most of the Chang-
ing breeds are asking themselves about the
change is whether or not this is a sign of
the Storm-Eater's growing power.

The Balam are having troubles of their
own as well, and they are blaming most of
their troubles on the Garou. The glory
days of the past, when they were wor-
shipped as Messengers of the Gods are
gone, and the bitterness that came with
the loss of their esteemed position has lead
toa dark seed of hatred within many of the
great werecats. While most have contin-
ued practicing the philosophies they
adopted when the Aztecs came into power,
a few have perverted these ritual beliefs
and fallen to the Wyrm. No less than two
groups of Balam in Mexico are on a blood
hunt for the enemies of their people, and
they have chosen the Interlopers as the
target of their ire. Unlike the majority of
theirkind, these Wyrm-ridden werejaguars
have taken to making sacrifices to their
new, dark totems. They prefer to use Garou
in their sacrifices, believing that the spirits
of their enemies are the best way to satisfy
the hungers of their new gods. Most agree
that the Storm-Eater is surely behind their
new powers, and that these Gatos Nocturnos
— "Night Cats" — must be destroyed as
they have fallen too far from the Wyld.
The Balam prefer to handle the matter
themselves, their wishes have been re-
spected, so far. But the trouble coming
from the north is beginning to wear on the

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico


patience of the other Breeds, and if the
matter is not resolved soon, there will be
intervention.

Though rarer in Mexico than in the
United States, the Pumonca have a small
presence south of the border. They are also
making it very clear that they do not like
what they are seeing. Like the Wendigo,
they are disgusted by the mixing of their
Kinfolk with other breeds of humans, and
the attitudes of the Balam are almost
enough to make them attack on sight. So
far they have only made a few serious
attacks on other shapechangers in Mexico,
but that's likely to change quickly. One
recent encounter with the Gatos Nocturnos
has left the few Pumonca who met them
with a bitter expression and a desire to
rectify a bad situation that looks like it's

only getting worse. Though there has been
no confirmation of the rumor, several of
the shapechangers coming from the US
into Mexico are talking about a gathering
of the werepumas who intend to come
south and take care of any taint they find.
If their own land is to be taken by the
European soldiers, it could well be that
they feel it's only right to return the favor
in the south and stop the growing taint
they claim they can see in the very air of
Mexico.

The Corax of Mexico are watching and
waiting, listening and talking among them-
selves. They see the changes taking place
and are concerned, but as yet have not
decided on the best course of action. Their
brethren from the other side of the border
are only too eager to share information,
and both groups are taking notes and weigh-
ing the odds of what should be done about
an area that has suddenly become a hotbed
of political intrigue and murderous gath-
erings. So far the only thing they have
decided on is that they don't like the
growing numbers of Sabbat vampires mov-
ing into the area. While they are not
actively attacking the undead, they are
only too glad to let the Garou and the
Balam know where the creatures are hid-
ing. Their actions have been one of the
saving graces for Mexico's shapechangers
so far. But the question remains whether
or not what they are doing is too little and
too late.

The Ratkin have been in Mexico for as
long as there have been established port
towns in the country — and they've been
invisible for all that time. They choose not
to involve themselves in the squabbles of

8 Tales From The Trails: Mexico
2 Pp


the other shapechangers, preferring in-
stead to make as comfortable a living for
themselves as possible. In Vera Cruz and
other similar locations they have estab-
lished networks for spreading news and for
gathering whatever items they might find
useful. Their lack of involvement in the
current state of affairs shouldn't be taken
to mean that they are unaware of the
situations tearing at Mexico's foundations.
They are very aware, and have been ever
since the Camazotz were destroyed by the
Shadow Lords. The Camazotz were in some
ways their cousins, and to some Ratkin's
way of thinking the werebats were merely
a part of the family they seldom encoun-
tered. They have done everything they
can to make life inconvenient for the
Shadow Lords ever since, but never in a
way that could be traced back to them.
The Nuwisha are gone. There are a few
scattered here and there, but events to the
north have hada rippling effect in Mexico,
and the werecoyotes have vanished from
the Land. The few who have been en-
countered are often either too cynical and
bitter, or simply too amused to do much of
anything. If one were to ask a Nuwisha
what he thinks of the current situation,
the answer would almost universally be
the same: "Let the Garou defend the Land
they have taken from us. What they have
planted must now be their feast." A few
seem to have gone insane, taking extreme
risks when facing enemies and either get-
ting themselves killed or surviving stunts
that should have left them dead. The only
response they give to their irrational be-

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico

havior is baffling to most. "The time of
Xochipilli is upon us, and we shall play as
he tells us to play."

The Mokolé are not taking what is hap-
pening to Mexico very well. They've begun
acting almost as rashly as the Garou. Some
of them seem content to rest in their
swamps and wait out the changing times,
but most have begun actively hunting
down and destroying anything that smells
of the Wyrm. More often than not, that
means chewing apart a few vampires. But
aside from the undead invaders, the Mokolé
have started taking on Wyrm-tainted Béte
as well. The Comanche Ananasi have
discovered that the werecrocodiles are not
to be trifled with, and they have learned to
their chagrin that these monolithic preda-

st

a

<x

A

=Xt7


The New House of Xipe Totec

Many of the wraiths from the Flayed Lands fled back to their smaller
realm upon seeing the great, malignant shape that rose in the North
and poured down to cover all of Mexico. Some — either the truly
demented or the amazingly brave — decided to stay. They stayed for
two reasons: First, they hoped to see the great darkness swallow the
Stygian forces that had overwhelmed them before; second, they
hoped to find a new way to gain power, a new force to guide them in
their cries for vengeance.

Though there were few in the mortal realms who remembered the
Old Ways and still made sacrifices to aid these old ghosts, there were
enough. When the Eater of Storms came, the essence of these
sacrifices — the Pathos the wraiths of Mexico had used to feed
themselves — rose quickly into the shape of the great beast where it
was consumed. The wraiths were shocked, dismayed to see their
traditional energies destroyed. Then the great force that covered the
Land rewarded them, dropping a torrential red rain from the skies that
fell only where the stragglers from the Flayed Lands stood.

The bloody red rains fell upon their skin and soaked in as if their
bodies were sponges, and when the rain was done, they were trans-
formed. The rain that fell held power, though it was none like they'd
ever experienced before: It changed the way their spectral bodies
looked and satisfied their craving for Pathos.

Seeing the power of the great, sentient storm that roars across the
skies and rains down a thick red blood, some of the survivors of the
conquest that happened in the Shadowlands as well as in the Skinlands,
the wraiths swore fealty to the creature that gave them so much
pathos. In honor of the past they named the entity Xipe Totec,
convinced that the god of crops and war had come back for them,
answering their prayers for vengeance at last.

Xipe Totec listened to their prayers and found that in the changed
wraiths he had new servants, new ways in which to spread his
influence. He gave them power readily enough and in return they gave
him loyalty and a willingness to come to his aid.

60 Tales From The Trails: Mexico


XO

Their perceptions changed as well as their bodies. The followers of
Xipe Totec discovered that they could look between the worlds with
much greater ease and for the first time they understood that there were
many whostill believed in the old gods. These traditionalists were merely
held back from the proper celebrations of the traditional ways by the
descendants of the conquistadors. Using the great power of Xipe Totec,
which the werejaguars called the Storm Eater, they spoke with a Balam
who still continued with the ancient sacrifices of the Aztec and struck a
bargain. They would aid him if he, in turn would help them with their
needs. The werejaguar, Rides-the-Serpent, readily agreed and the plans
of great Xipe Totec was set into motion. Rides-the-Serpent makes
sacrifices every day, claiming Spaniards and other Interlopers who cross
his path as the chosen victims of Xipe Totec. Using a blade that once did
similar work in the Aztec Empire, he cuts the hearts from the victims and
waits for them to die. He then places their bodies in shallow graves after
placing the heart back in the chest. Per instructions he never waits to see
what happens to the bodies. But he has noticed that the shallow graves
are always empty the next day. He has also noticed that the wraiths do
not allow him to be tracked, removing every shred of evidence where he
has been. Rides-the-Serpent has learned that the old ways are the best,
and he is actively converting others. His success has been frightening,
and he now has both humans and Balam who are eager to follow him.

What only a few know is that Rides-the-Serpent is not the true leader
of this cult, but rather the second-in-command. He follows another who
advised him to accept the bargain offered by the House of Xipe Totec.
There is a creature in Mexico who remembers the sacrifices of the
Mayans, who was once the head priest to Mictlantecuhtli, not truly a
god, but a being of great power. He faithfully followed the great being
nonetheless, and in time he was rewarded with eternal life, though he
remains uncertain just how or why this came to pass. From time to time
he dies and dwells in a place with the true gods, beings of immense power
like Xipe Totec. At other times he returns to his body and pretends to be
merely mortal. Now he has discovered that Xipe Totec has plans for him,
and he is prepared to aid in claiming Mexico for his new, favored god.
Mictlan, the Black Shadow, is once again among the living. He intends
to keep it that way, and to make all of Mexico his plaything. With the
help of the wraiths and the Gatos Nocturnos, all joined together and
worshipping Xipe Totec, he has no doubt he shall succeed.

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico


SSSssN

tors take a lot of killing before they fall. In
one recent battle a single Mokolé eradi-
cated a pack of seven Ananasi by herself.
While she was injured in the conflict, she
recovered completely and has been seen
hot on the trail of other Wyrm-Spiders.
Unlike the Ananasi of Mexico, there has
been little to prepare the Comanche
Ananasi for the likes of the Mokolé and
their brutal form of justice.

The time has apparently come for the
descendants of Queztalomic to stop the
follies of humans once again. The same is
true of their intent for any followers of the
Corrupter. Though most of the Mokolé
remain in the southern parts of Mexico, a
few have decided to move towards the
United States and prepare for a proper
stand. Few among the Mexican Béte are
truly surprised tosee the great lizards storm-
ing through even the arid desert, but the
Interlopers have discovered a new reason
to fear the creatures of Mexico, and the
Sabbat has learned that the werewolves do
not stand alone as the defenders of Latin
America.

The Vampires

The Camarilla has been moving slowly
and carefully in Mexico for centuries. They
haven't been foolish enough to let the fires
of the Inquisition know about them. They
move carefully not only because of their
past in Europe, but also because there are
a few very old and very powerful vampires
in Latin America who have made certain
the peace was kept. There is a presence in
the Valley of Mexico that has kept them at
bay for as long as they have been in the
area, and while it tolerates them to an

extent, whatever it is has driven off some
of the most powerful Kindred ever to enter
the area. That same force has kept them
from going as far as they might have liked
into the heart of Mexico and its allies have
made their settling into the region a task.
Recently everything has begun to change,
and none of the changes are for the better
as far as the Camarilla is concerned. One
of the strongest Camarilla proponents in
all of Mesoamerica, Melinda Galbraith,
has suddenly turned her back on the
Camarilla and joined with the Sabbat for
reasons unknown to her brethren.

Galbraith's defection to the Sabbat has
been more than an inconvenience: Itseems
to be the very catalyst that is bringing the
Sabbat back into Mexico in force. She is
gathering them to her like a magnet draws
iron filings, and they are only too glad to
come. The Sabbat feels that the Camarilla
has too many places of power in the New
World and has decided to take Mexico for
its own.

It's a war they are winning through raw
aggression and tactics that are anathema
to the Kindred of the Camarilla. Where
the Camarilla believes in using subtlety
and influence among the human populace
to get the job done, the Sabbat uses tactics
that violate the very foundations of the
Camarilla's structure. They aren't only
breaking the Masquerade, they're actively
hunting down and Embracing anyone who
might be of use to them in their war. From
skilled soldiers to entire towns of people,
no one is safe from their bloody recruiting
methods. They even attempt to Embrace
the Garou they defeat, though the lack of
success is quite disheartening.

62 Tales From The Trails: Mexico


Small towns and villages are one thing,
but the cities of Mexico are quite another.
The Sabbat is taking its time with the
major populations, stealing a few people at
a time and cursing them with life among
the undead. They aren't merely creating
cannon fodder — they are actively seek-
ing new soldiers to fight in their armies,
and in some cases to lead them. When
they do come into a city and attack, they
have dozens of vampires to pit against the
small handful that might already be there,
and they aren't afraid to make their pres-
ence known in any way they see fit.

The main thing holding the Sabbat at
bay so far is simply that the Changing
Breeds don't like them. There are a many
places in Mexico that remain untamed by
humans, and those areas belong by and
large to the werebeasts. A dozen vampires
might be enough to take control of a
Camarilla held town or even a city, but
getting a dozen vampires past the
shapeshifters is not always an easy task.
The Balam and the Garou, the Ananasi
and the Corax, the Nuwisha and the
Mokolé: They may not get along any more,
but they are willing to set aside their differ-
ences long enough to wipe out a bunch of
Ticks coming into mutual territories. The
cities are falling to the Sabbat, and the
ones that still stand are being assessed by
the vampires whoseek to rule over Mexico.
But the losses they are taking at
shapechanger talons are severe. Even for
the Sabbat, the need to gain more forces is
a serious challenge when the Changing
Breeds have spotted them. For every dozen
souls they Embrace, easily nine are being
destroyed.

Unfortunately for the werebeasts, the
battle is taking its toll. One vampire can
conceivably make several new vampires
ina single night, but the Changing Breeds
are not as fortunate. When one of theirs
dies, they all feel the loss. The shapeshifting
races whose numbers were weakened by
the War of Rage are now suffering the
same sorts of casualties all over again, and
they may all go the way of the Camazotz if
they aren't careful.

To make matters worse, the Sabbat has
found a secret weapon of its own in the
campaign to take Mexico. They've dis-
covered an ally they didn't think could
ever be an ally — the Black Spiral Danc-
ers. The Dancers are not strong in Mexico
as a whole, but they have established a

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico 63

wr

\\


powerful hive in Mexico City, and they
are getting help from others of their kind.
Many of the Black Spiral Dancers of the
United States are coming down to Mexico,
migrating even as the Sabbat are moving.
They are glad for the opportunity to take
the land by force, killing, converting or
driving away the Garou who currently call
Mexico their own.

The leader of the Black Spiral Dancers
in Mexico is a gigantic freak, even by the
standards of the Dancers themselves.
Harzomatuili comes from Spain, and has
been in Mexico since the time that the last
of the Aztec cities were being sacked by
the Spaniards. He made a pact with
Melinda Galbraith over three centuries
ago to aid her in exchange for vampiric
blood to keep him young. Even with cen-
turies of consuming her blood, he remains
free of the Blood Bond. Despite this fact,
their agreement has stood the test of time
and he has worked with her on numerous
occasions.

Now Galbraith has asked for his assis-
tance, and Harzomatuili is only too glad to
help. His brutally powerful body hides a
sharp mind and his tactical skills are be-
yond reproach. While the Shadow Lords
claimed the Land and battled with the
Messengers of the Gods, Harzomatuili and
his hive have worked slowly, carefully to
gain influence and position among the
werebeasts that turned to the Wyrm. The
leader of the Black Spiral Dancers has
managed to keep his presence a secret to
most of the Breeds, and has managed to
pervert some of the Balam, coercing them
with promises of power and revenge against

SSSSEN

ZOE,

the Europeans. This is no idle boast; he has
kept them as allies by delivering on his
promises.

Though the Black Spiral Dancers have
only made a few overt moves against the
protectors of Gaia, those attacks have been
extremely successful, and there can be
little doubt that the actions of the Dancers
will only become more blatant as
Harzomatuili offers new domains to others
from his tribe. Like the Sabbat, the Black
Spiral Dancers have decided to claim
Mexico as their own, and with the aid of
the Storm Eater they just might have the
power to succeed.

The twisted, corrupted Aztec ceremo-
nies practiced by the Black Spiral Dancers
and Night Cats have gained the attention
of the great Bane moving over the Land,
and their depraved prayers to the Wyrm
have been answered. Strange powers are
manifesting in the hands of these warriors
of the Corrupter. They believe these new
abilities, new Gifts and dark rites will be
enough to win the war against the Wyld.
They just might be right.

The Dead in
Mexico

Mexico has a long tradition of celebrat-
ing the Dead. From the human sacrifices
of the Olmec, the Maya and the Aztec, to
the odd changes in the rituals of the Church
in Mexico, there is and has always been a
blend of reverence and fear for the de-
parted. In Mexico, that's just likely the
wisest way to handle the matter.


CLE ER LL

The Dead do not always rest easily, and
in the places where the Aztecs walked and
ruled, that's particularly true.

The Dark Kingdom of Obsidian, also
called the Flayed Lands and the House of
the Fifth Sun, remains a mystery to most of
the dead, but the coming of the Storm
Eater has changed that as well.

Most of the ghosts in Mexico behave
much as they do elsewhere, but there are
exceptions.

Bultos

The Bultos, ghostly guardians of long-
lost treasures and other lost secrets, remain
where they are, waiting patiently for any-
one foolish enough to take from them
what is theirs by right. Bultos can materi-
alize and defend their treasures, and they
are seldom defeated without loss of at least
afew other lives. They do not speak to the
living, and they listen without response to
the other wraiths of Mexico.

But there are some Bultos who have
taken to answering the demands of an-
other force, a powerful being called
Mictlan, who has begun gathering their
treasures together in certain special places
and offering sacrifices to the Bultos in
exchange for their cooperation. At least
two locations in vastly different parts of
Mexico are now under Bultos "protec-
tion." They continue to guard their
relocated treasures, but now they grow
stronger and they work to defend the
mummy who in turn serves their needs.

The Flayed Ones

There is also another form of Restless
Dead that is unique to Mexico, dreadful
things that infest the bodies of those prop-
erly sacrificed to Xipe Totec. They are
called the Flayed Ones, for their bodies
often have long strips of loose-hanging
skin and they bleed almost constantly.
They are never seen during the daylight
hours, or if they are, they look different.
No one has yet seen one of the Flayed
Ones after the sun rises, unless they met
with the creature beforehand.

Injuries do not slow them, they tend to
heal any wounds as quickly as a werewolf,
and they have strength enough to make
even the Changing Breeds fear them. Many
use only their hands in combat, but some
still carry firearms or knives, and they
have never hesitated to use them when
the opportunity presented itself. The
Flayed Ones dress in current clothing and
appear to be alive from a distance, but they
have no heartbeats and the blood that
spills from their wounds is diseased and
cold. The very same blood is another
weapon for them, for when the ichor from
their flayed flesh falls into an open wound
the infection that follows is capable of
killing even a Garou. Some of them use
this to their advantage by painting any
weapons they carry with their own blood
before going into combat. These creatures
are loyal servants of the Black Shadow,
and they are only too eager to aid him in
his plans for the Interlopers.

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico 85


XX

The Days of the Dead

There are five days in Mexico during which the Dead pass from
the Shadowlands into the Skinlands with ease. An odd amalgam-
ation of the Aztec traditions and the Church's Eve of All Saints,
these days are used to remember the Dead and to placate them.
Families visit the gravesites of their departed, painting the head-
stones and decorating the ground beneath which their ancestors lie.
They scatter flower petals from the graves to their homes and place
feasts on a table where the dead can join them in feasting.

The First Day of the Dead is the Day of the Orphaned Souls, a time
for remembering the Dead who have no families to mourn them.
Most families place a feast on a table in front of their homes, and
leave the dead to attend to the food by themselves. In many cases
the food gathered for the Orphaned Dead is left in the local town
square or placed in the church, where the dead can eat in peace.

The Second Day of the Dead is the Day of the Unpardoned Souls.
Special breads are prepared and placed outside of homes for these,
the victims of murders and violent death. The ghosts who rise on
this day are seldom happy about their chance to return to the
Skinlands; most seek only revenge. Between the special breads and
the candies prepared for the day — candies often shaped like skulls
and skeletons — the hope is that the foods offered outside the house
will be enough to keep the ghosts from coming into the homes and
getting their revenge against those who committed the crimes
against them. Not surprisingly, it doesn't always work. Those who
have killed in Mexico often find the second Day of the Dead an
unpleasant time to be there.

The Third Day of the Dead, the Day of the Children, is a time for
families to remember their lost ones. They attend to the graves of
their departed during the day and spread trails of marigold petals to
their homes, inviting the dead to feast with them. Calacas, the
figurines of the dead are presented, representing every imaginable
aspect of life from the Dead's perspective. Skeletal soldiers, farmers,
priests and others are placed in the homes of the people and left as
a reminder to the dead of what they did before in life.


The toys of dead children are left in the yards, allowing them to
play once again with the items that brought them joy. In many cases
the living children play with the toys as well, and most claim to feel
the touch of lost friends in the process.

On the Fourth Day of the Dead the living attend church and pray
for the souls of the departed. A feast is prepared for the loved ones
who've gone before and left strictly for them. In many homes the
living do not eat in order to allow enough food to placate the Dead
for another year.

On the Fifth Day of the Dead the living dress themselves in
costumes and roam the streets, doing all they can to scare the Dead
back to their final resting-place. The priests in any given town go
to every building in the town and bless the families living there
while simultaneously trying to force the Dead out of the homes for
another year. Long before it is over the celebration normally grows
into a party, with dancing and in some cases even fireworks to scare
the Dead away.

During these days many of the ghosts are simply happy to see
their families again; others are not. Others make their own plans
and act on them while they still can, before the Shroud closes itself
for another year. The Days of the Dead are a time of remembrance
of those departed, a time for celebrating life and defying death, and
a time for spectral revenge.

[In game terms, the Days of the Dead are a time when the local
Shroud drops by two points, or three wherever the celebrations are
being performed properly. Needless to say, they are indeed five days
of great wraithly activity.]

Chapter Three: The People of Mexico



The bad in Mexico just keeps getting
worse. There are forces at work that don't
make too much sense to the Garou, and
some of them were considered allies not
that long ago. Some of them just seem to
be coming out of nowhere. The Black
Spiral Dancers have been in Mexico for
centuries, but they have been careful, crafty
in their approach. Now that they believe
they have strong enough numbers on their
side, they are willing to make themselves
known in bloody fashion. The Balam called
the Gatos Nocturnos by the Changing
Breeds were considered friends only a few

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly

years ago, but their sudden change in atti-
tude, their fall to the Wyrm, has made
them new rivals for a claim to the Land.

And there are stranger things out there.
Odd creatures are rising from the past. The
Children of Xipe Totec, the Flayed Ones,
have erupted from nowhere, speaking the
language of the Aztecs and causing may-
hem wherever they go. They follow the
old ways, but they pervert the rituals of the
past, twisting the glory of the Aztec Em-
pire intoa mockery that gives power to the
Storm Eater and its minions.

st


These problems alone would surely be
enough, but something else has come as
well, the army of the undead, the Sabbat.
These vampires are not like the ones al-
ready in Mexico — they do not fear the
Lupines, and they do not care if hundreds
of their kind die in battle. They simply
make more.

There seems to be a pattern to these
strange forces gathering in Mexico, but
the Changing Breeds have yet to discern
what the pattern is, or how it might be
broken. The Storm Eater, the great Bane
that has troubled the United States, has
made its presence known in Mexico, and
the Garou and their cousins all feel the
certain, cold dread that comes with know-
ing this is only the beginning of the
darkness that covers the Land.

The Black
Spiral Danc-
ers

The Black Spiral Dancers have waited,
moving slowly and carefully to spread their
influence in Mexico. They have done so
against almost every possible law of their
own nature, working with a subtlety wor-
thy of the Shadow Lords. In the past there
was only one Hive of the Wyrm-Wolves in
Mexico, the Hell-Pit Hive. They lurked in
the shadows and caves beneath what is
now Mexico City, reveling in the ruins of
Tenochtitlan. They have made themselves
at home, and they have dwelt with other,
darker things that have guided them in
their actions.

SSN

ZLLL,

The chaos and erratic behavior of most
Dancer Hives has been replaced by a cold,
calculating organization that, if under-
stood by most of the Garou familiar with
their ways would send waves of terror
running through the whole of the werewolf
populace. They have broken the rules of
engagement and made themselves work
towards something greater than most Hives
could ever conceive of. The reason for this
is simple: The Black Spiral Dancers want
a new homeland, and they have chosen
Mexico.

The Hell-Pit Hive

The Hell-Pit Hive is the brain behind
the careful growth of the Black Spiral
Dancer population in Mexico. Long be-
fore the other hives that have moved down
to the area were even considering the
move, the leader of the Hell-Pit was plan-
ning for this time.

Through decades of careful work and
sinister rituals, the Land has been "seeded"
with places where the Wyrm's corruption
lay dormant and hidden, waiting to be
awakened by the actions of the Dancers.
Harzomatuiliclaims tobe one of the Blessed
of the Wyrm, a chosen warrior in the
battle against the forces of the Wyld. He
may actually be right in his beliefs. Against
all odds he has maintained his growing
network of tunnels and hives, keeping
them a secret until he felt the time was
right. There can be no doubt that some-
thing far darker than even his twisted
intellect has been helping him along the
way.


Harzomatuili

Background: Harzomatuili lived in
Spain during his youth and traveled to
Mexico not long after Cortes first made his
presence known to the Aztecs. Though his
Rage was great, some thing, some un-
known force, bid him to be patient and
take his time in spreading the influence of
his tribe. Not long after he watched the
fall of Tenochtitlan, he met with the vam-
pire, Melinda Galbraith. Though they
could hardly be called friends, they estab-
lished a working relationship that was
mutually beneficial. He aided her in keep-
ing her haven safe and in handling the
matters she found "distasteful but neces-
sary," and she in turn gave him the blood
from her body. He has not aged in over 300
years.

From her he also learned other things,
skills which would never have been his if
he had not carefully watched her at all
times. He learned the subtly of planning
and the patience of an immortal. He
learned to think far ahead of the present,
and to plan for a future so far ahead of his
own time as to seem impossible. That
patience has paid off. His plans for Mexico
have begun to bear fruit. From one single,
quiet Hive of Black Spiral Dancers he has
planted a dozen Hives throughout Mexico,
most of which are unknown even now to
the Gaian shapechangers. He has gar-
nished the favor of the Storm Eater, and
has learned rites that few have ever mas-
tered. In celebration of all the Wyrm has
given him, he recently crafted a great
silver sigil of the Wyrm and rested his face
upon the metal until he could feel the pain

sear into the bones of his skull. Though his
face has been hideously scarred by the
action, he now knows that he must be
chosen of the Wyrm — for even without
the blood of the vampire he has conspired
with over the centuries, he does not age.

Image: The leader of the Hell-Pit Hive
is not a pleasant sight. In Crinos form he
towers almost a full 12 feet in height, with
a build that would put most grizzly bears to
shame. His fur is mostly black with
spatterings of gray throughout, and his
features more strongly resemble those of a
bat than ofa wolf. His face is also hideously
scarred, with the Garou glyph forthe Wyrm
covering him from his upper lip to his
brow. He wears jaguar-skull fetish around
his neck and carries a very large weathered
Baneklaive.

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly |


Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/8/7), Dexterity 3
(3/4/5/5), Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/
2/2), Appearance 0 (0/0/0/0)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5,
Dodge 5, Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimi-
dation 5, Larceny 4, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 5,
Melee 5, Performance 5, Ride 3, Stealth 5,
Survival 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Linguistics 5 (English, Nuatl,
Pictish, Latin, French), Medicine 4, Oc-
cult 5, Politics 2, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Fetish 5,
Kinfolk 5, Past Life 5, Resources 5, Rites 5,
Totem 5

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Inspira-
tion, Persuasion, Razor Claws, Scent of
Running Water, Sense Wyrm; (2) Curse
of Hatred, Ears of the Bat, Horns of the
Impaler, Spirit of the Fray, Staredown; (3)
Disquiet, Foaming Fury, Skinglide; (4)
Clenched Jaw, Crawling Poison, Wither
Limb; (5) Balefire, Totem Form

Rank: 5

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8

Almatsa Dorotes

Background: Almatsa was once an
Uktena, but she was not perfect enough
even for them. She was metis, born of two
foolish werewolves who could not control
their passions. Though she was fierce in

SS

battle and wise in the ways of the Garou,
her tribe did not accept her as an equal.
After years of being considered a second-
class citizen by her own kind, she met and
was seduced by Harzomatuili. Though she
resisted at first, she eventually fell to his
charms. When he recently scarred his face
for the glory of the Wyrm, Almatsa joined
him.

Image: Almatsa would be a beautiful
woman, if not for the brutal scarring across
her face that is her metis mark. She is
slight fora Garou, only around 8 feet in full
Crinos and barely five feet tall in Homid.
In human form she has dark skin and black
hair, but shockingly blue eyes. In Crinos
there is not a part of her that is not coated


eS
iS

ina thick black pelt. In lupus form her coat
is even thicker, and her eyes maintain the
distinctive blue.

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancer

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4
(4/5/6/6), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/1/
1/1), Appearance 1(0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 2, Larceny 3, Pri-
mal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 3,
Melee 3, Performance 1, Ride 1, Stealth 4,
Survival 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 3,
Law 1, Linguistics 1 (Pictish), Medicine 3,
Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2
Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Beast Speech,
Bite of the Bat, Cloud of Night, Create
Element; (2) Curse of Hatred, Wyrm
Speech

Rank: 2

Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5

Barough

Background: Barough was abandoned
at birth, left to die by his Shadow Lord
parents. He likely would have died, too,
had the fools not left him at the edge of the
woods leading to Harzomatuili's main cave
entrance. Rather than let the chilled
wretch die, the Black Spiral Dancer took
the infant in, and after feeding it enough
to live, promptly danced the Spiral with it.
Though Barough might have eventually

been a member of Garou society, what
came back out of the Spiral with
Harzomatuili belonged completely to the
Wyrm. From his earliest days, the creature
called Barough has been depraved and
filled with a hatred for anything that looks
too normal. In comparison to him, that
means most things. The vast majority of
his life has been spent in the caves of the
Hell-Pit Hive, and most of the possessions
he claims as his own have been found
within the ruins of the ancient Aztec city.

Image: Barough is a very unpleasant
sight in any of his forms. With his mangy
gray hide, red eyes and malformed jaw, the
Hive often sets him out front to intimidate
their foes and rivals. Barough bears ritual-
istic scars, which he adds to every time he
kills another enemy in battle. At present


@%

there are 17 deep gouges across his chest.
Each of these has been sealed around a
bone tube, giving the illusion that he is
wearing a partial chest plate. He is never
without the long obsidian blade that he
uses in every battle.

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4
(4/5/6/6), Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2 (1/0/
0/0), Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 5
Skills: Melee 4, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Occult 1

Backgrounds: Totem 3

Gifts: (1) Bite of the Bat, Cloud of Night,
Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm; (2) Curse of
Hatred, Wyrm Speech; (3) Foaming Fury,
Rattler's Bite

Rank: 3

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Th'lan Morg

Background: Th'lan Morg is the son of
Harzomatuili, product of an encounter
betweenaRed Talon female and the leader
of the Hell-Pit. Once the hapless Talon
had given birth, Harzomatuili fed her in
small pieces to her son. Then he got cre-
ative in his depravities. By the time Th'lan
Morg was old enough and experienced
enough to dance the Black Spiral, he had
already committed atrocities that marked
him as lacking the subtlety of his father.
Despite this character flaw, he has listened

to his father over the years and obeyed
him. Fear is a great deterrent to foolish
ambition. Morg is very proud of his fea-
tures, and fancies himselfan Aztec warrior.
Heseldom speaks any language save Nuatl,
the native tongue of the Aztecs. He is
fascinated by human society, and has made
a point of learning how to fence. When he
challenges anyone tocombat, he prefers to
use sword against sword. He always fences
fairly and in the proper form. Should he
have to use any other form of combat, he
fights down and dirty.

Image: Th'lan Morg is young andstrong.
Aside from being completely hairless in all
of his forms, he is quite attractive. Unlike
the others of his Hive who have marred
themselves with ritual scars or tattoos, his
body is without extra markings. He always


dresses in the regalia of an Aztec warrior,
and is quick to attack anyone who makes
comments about the clothing he chooses.
The headdress he wears bears the likeness
of Quetzalcoatl. In Crinos his body devel-
ops scales, though they give him no extra
protection, and his eyes take on a very
ophidian appearance. Apart from his To-
ledo blade, Th'lan Morg carries a quiver of
javelins, many of which are tipped with
silver.

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3
(3/4/5/5), Stamina 4 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/
2/2), Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Expression 3, Intimi-
dation 2, Larceny 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Melee 4,
Ride 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4
Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Inves-
tigation 4, Linguistics 2 (Spanish, Pictish),
Medicine 3, Occult 4, Rituals 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Fetish 3,
Mentor 3, Totem 4

Gifts: (1) Bite of the Bat, Razor Claws,
Resist Pain, Scent of the True Form, Sense
Wyrm; (2) Burrow, Ears of the Bat,
Wyrmspeech; (3) Curse of Hatred,
Skinglide; (4) Crawling Poison

Rank: 4

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5

Wardog

Background: Wardog was born to the
Red Talons and taken by force from his
pack. After vigorous torture and a great
deal of persuasion, he danced the Black
Spiral. Seldom has anyone come back
from the trip into the Wyrm's personal
hell with such an enthusiasm for the Cor-
rupter. Wardog turned his back on the
traditions of the Gaian Garou and surren-
dered himself as completely as he could to
the ways of the Wyrm. His first task was to
hunt down and eliminate his own pack,
which he did with the help of the Hive.
Since then he has gone on to revel in every
torture he can imagine, and is eager to
continue his examinations of the Black
Spiral itself.

Image: Wardog would almost look nor-
mal, if not for the fact that he has tattooed
the Litany of the Wyrm across every inch
of his body. His passion for depravity makes
itself clear in battle; when combat breaks
out, he begins to drool almost constantly
in any form he might be wearing. In Crinos
he is just over nine feet in height, with a
reddish pelt. He carries a very large ax; it's
a woodsman's tool, and not originally de-
signed for battle, but he's become quite
adept in its use.

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancer

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3
(3/4/5/5), Stamina 5 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (0/0/
0/0), Appearance 3( 2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 75


Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimi-
dation 3, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Melee 2, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Medicine 2, Occult 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Pure Breed 3, To-
tem 3

Gifts: (1) Cloud of Night, Eye of the Hunter,
Heightened Senses, Scent of Running
Water; (2) Burrow, Hide in Plain Sight,
Primal Howl, Scent of Sight; (3) Catfeet,
Open Moon Bridge, Dust Squall, Icy Chill
of Despair

Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Balam

There are many Balam for whom the
notion of associating with the Garou —
aside from the Uktena and the Red Talons
— is abhorrent. The War of Rage is still
fresh in their minds, and they view the
destruction of the Camazotz not only as a
hideous crime, but also as an affront against
all that Gaia would want. They may have
agreed with the Mokolé that the War would
best be ended, but the truce they have is
barely standing. °

And then there are the Balam who are
not as forgiving. The loose taklah (pack, or
pride) of Bastet called the Gatos Nocturnos
are decidedly in the latter category. Despite
the fact that Balam normally work alone,
preferring to share only their own com-
pany, the Gatos Nocturnos have banded
together, forming a pride. They are united
in their belief that the best way to protect
the Land is to destroy the Garou and banish
the Interlopers.

CO

Cia

Their hatred has cost them far more than
they realize. They have surrendered them-
selves to the Wyrm, though they are blind
to that knowledge. Even if they were given
proof of their own fall from grace, the Gatos
Nocturnos would still consider the sacrifice
worth the loss if it allowed them to rid
Mexico of the Interlopers and their influ-
ences.

Ifany one single incident could be blamed
for their fall to the Wyrm, it would be the
accidental meeting between Mictlan and
Rides-the-Serpent. The ancient mummy
has found a perfect pawn in the Balam
warrior, and has made the most of the
werejaguar's own memories of the past.

Rides-the-Serpent

Background: Rides-the-Serpent earned
his name when he was merely a cub, by
inadvertently offending a Mokolé and hav-
ing to defend himself from the retaliation of
his new enemy. Though it took a great deal
of doing, he proved himself worthy in the
eyes of the other werejaguars by literally
riding on the back of the enraged crocodil-
ian until it exhausted itself. Most of the
Balam believed he was destined for great-
ness. They were right — after a fashion.

Rides-the-Serpent would have been con-
tent to live as the other Balam, if it weren't
for his constant visions of the past. He
knows his ancestors were revered as Mes-
sengers of the Gods, all but worshipped by
the mortals. To his way of reckoning, that
should never have changed. His frustration
with the Interlopers has grown over the
years, and he has killed four Garou in his
life — at least, four that others know of.
After his meeting with Mictlan, a powerful


i

A Few Facts about the Balam

The Balam are traditionalists. Most of them continue to follow the traditions of the
Aztecs, Olmecs, Mayans or Toltecs to one degree or another. Most still dress in the formal
regalia of the South American and Central American Indians, and tend to live their lives
as closely as they can to the ways of their ancestors. Remarkably few of them would even
consider carrying a handgun, as that is rather radical in their belief. There are a few
exceptions, but only among those who feel that the best way to fight fire is with fire.

The Balam are generally solitary, preferring toavoid other Changing Breeds, asthey have
little interest in the ways of others. While they will normally parley with the Uktena or the
Red Talons, there are only a small handful who would consider the Interloper Garou as
anything butanuisance ora threat to their way of life. They are notnow, norhave they ever
been, very tolerant of the Interlopers.

Unlike most other shapechangers, the Bastet learn their Gifts from each other, or by
observing others using Gifts and then "swiping" them. It is not uncommon for a Bastet to
have several tricks that are the equivalent of the Gifts employed by numerous Garou tribes.
To keep matters simple and uncomplicated, the Gifts listed for the Balam characters in
Tales from the Trails: Mexico are described in Garou Gift terms.

Bear in mind that only Bastet of Rank Fouror more are able tostep sidewaysat will. Many
lower-ranked werecats can manage to do so in a ritually marked-off territory of theirs but
cannot go beyond the limits of their "Den Realm" into the Penumbra. They also have
individual, personal totems rather than pack totems.

Most of the Bastet have their own unique forms, not unlike the Garou stages of
transformation, but with differences in the changes that take place in their Statistics. Below
isa list of the changes that occur with the Balam, the werejaguars.

Balam Form Statistics
Sokto Crinos Chatro Feline

{Glabro)(Crinos) (Hispo) (Lupus)
Str: +2 Str: +3 Str: +3 Str: +2

Dex: +1 Dex: +3 Dex: +2 Dex: +3
Sta: +2 Sta:to Sta: +2 Sta: +2
Man: -1 Man: -4 Man: -4 Man: -3
App: -1 App: 0 App: 0

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly


mummy that once befriended his ances-
tors, Rides-the-Serpent began to let his
hatred of the Interlopers grow and fester
like an open sore. In his anger and frustra-
tion, he foolishly let the Wyrm into his
heart.

Rides-the-Serpent is a powerful figure
in the prime of his life. His skills as a
hunter are well honed, and his instincts
seldom let him down. He has taken to
sacrificing the Interlopers, both human
and shapechanger alike, to the ancient
gods of the Aztec people. He has never
realized that he is feeding the Storm Eater
instead.

Image: Rides-The-Serpent always
dresses in the traditional regalia of his
people. He is short and stocky, with hair
that is starting to gray at the temples.

<S

ZL

XX

74S

Were it not for the obvious madness in his
eyes, it would be possible to think he was
merely an eccentric who is trying to live in
the past. In his Crinos form he tends to
snarl constantly, enraged by the many
things that have happened to the Aztecs
over the centuries. He carries several weap-
ons, but the one most likely to be used is
the ceremonial dagger he carries for per-
forming ritual sacrifices.

Breed: Feline

Tribe: Balam

Physical: Strength 5 (7/8/8/7), Dexterity 5(6/
8/7/8), Stamina 5(7/8/7/7)

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/0/
0/1), Appearance 4 (3/0/0/4)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 5,
Dodge 5, Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Pri-
mal-Urge 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 4, Melee 5,
Performance 3, Stealth 5, Survival 5
Knowledges: Culture 3, Enigmas 4, Lin-
guistics (Spanish), Medicine 4, Occult 3,
Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Fetish 5,
Kinfolk 4, Pure Breed 5, Rites 3, Totem 4
Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Inspira-
tion, Razor Claws; (2) Catfeet, Healing
Sleep, Spirit of the Fray, True Fear; (3)
Eyes of the Cat, Gnaw; (4) Lord of the
Wilds, Stoking Fury's Furnace; (5) Song of
the Great Beast

Rank: 5

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8

78 Tales From The Trails: Mexico


QI
©
S
at

Matulo

Background: Matulo has hated the
Spaniards since the day they killed his
family. When he was only a child, his
mother and father were accused of stealing
from the family of an influential politi-
cian. They were killed for the offense,
though they were innocent of any wrong-
doing. The truth was much simpler than
that — the head of the family wanted to
sleep with Matulo's mother and took it
poorly when she refused.

Matulo was left an orphan and lived in
the streets of Mexico City for several years.
He did not have ahappy childhood, and as
far as he was concerned, the Interlopers
were to blame. It took remarkably little
effort for Rides-the-Serpent to convince
Matulo to join him in his quest to rid the
land of the Spaniards and their vile influ-
ences.

Image: Matulo is abnormally hairy in all
of his forms, looking almost shaggy even in
Crinos. His face is handsome, save for the
heavily scarred lower right side (a souve-
nir from his battles with the Garou). He
wears a vest made of human skins, and
tends to keep rotting mementos of his
victims until they simply fall away. Unlike
many of his associates, he uses firearms
very proficiently and is never without his
pistols.

Breed: Homid

Tribe: Balam

Physical: Strength 3 (5/6/6/5), Dexterity 5
(6/8/7/8), Stamina 3 (5/6/5/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation3 (2/0/
0/0), Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Intimidation 1, Lar-
ceny 4, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Firearms 5, Leadership 1, Melee 2,
Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Law 1, Linguistics 2 (Spanish,
English), Medicine 2, Occult 1, Politics 1,
Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 3

Gifts: (1) Jam Gun, Scent of Running
Water, Spider's Song; (2) Catfeet, Man
with No Name

Rank: 2

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Calls-To-The-Past

Background: There was a time when
the Garou had almost convinced the old
woman now named Calls-To-The-Past
that they meant no harm, that they could
be trusted. She was willing to believe that
they really had mended their ways, and
that she could bridge the gap between
their races. Perhaps, just perhaps, together
they could bring unity to all the
skinchangers. She was a dreamer, and she
had hopes that they could end the foolish
war of silence between their people.

Then the Silver Fangs came. They came
to the village she called home and they
destroyed the entire settlement. Everyone
there died horribly, except for her. She
had the misfortune of living through the
destruction of the village and fires that
seared her skin and left her as close to dead
as she had ever been. A long time passed
before she could walk again. During the

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 73

RSSSSSs SSO


time when she healed from the hideous
injuries, she had ample opportunities to
reflect on the soothing words of the Garou
who met with her.

She does not know that the "Silver
Fangs" she met were in fact Black Spiral
Dancers. She would not care in any case.
They are Interlopers, and they should be
destroyed. Though she is far past her prime,
Calls-To-The-Past is well versed in the
ancient ways, she has studied the rites of
the Aztecs and the ways of the Balam. She
isa medicine woman, and her prescription
for Mexico requires that the Interlopers be
driven away or destroyed.

Image: Calls-To-The-Past is well be-
yond her prime, but is still a striking figure.
Her hair has gone completely white and
herskin is heavily wrinkled, but she stands

SSSSs

Zi

straight and proud. Her time asa servant of
the Wyrm has done nothing to alter her
outward appearance, save when she
changes into Crinos, when she appears
younger and her fur is completely black.
She is serene, content in the knowledge
that the ancient glory of her ancestors will
soon return. And while she is most often
seen smiling, that smile seldom reaches
her dark brown eyes.

Breed: Homid

Tribe: Balam

Physical: Strength 2 (4/5/6/4), Dexterity 2
(3/5/4/5), Stamina 2 (4/5/4/4)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/1/
1/2), Appearance 2 (1/0/0/2)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 4, Etiquette 2,
Leadership 3, Melee 2, Performance 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 4

Knowledges: Culture 4, Enigmas 5, Investi-
gation 3, Law 1, Linguistics 1 (Spanish),
Medicine 4, Occult 5, Rituals 5
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Fetish 4,
Kinfolk 5, Pure Breed 5, Rites 5, Totem 3
Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Persuasion,
Song of the Seasons, Spirit Speech; (2)
Calm, Command Spirit, Sight From Be-
yond; (3) Foaming Fury, Pulse of the
Invisible, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways;
(4) Grasp the Beyond, Mold the Spirit
Rank: 4

Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8


Skins-The-Foolish

Background: Skins-The-Foolish wasborn
to fight, and as far as she is concerned, the
best enemy to do battle with is anyone who
doesn't follow the traditional ways of the
Aztecs. She has a hatred for everything
Spanish that goes back generations in her
family, and sees no reason to resist her ten-
dency towards violence where the Spaniards
and their descendants are concerned.

Unlike the other members of the Gatos
Nocturnos, she was not recruited. She came
looking for the Night Cats and convinced
them she was worth having around. Her
ferocity has made her a valuable ally, but
her occasional need to kill for the sheer
sake of killing is a worrisome point to
Rides-the-Serpent.

Image: Skins-The-Foolish is not a
friendly individual. Though she is quite
attractive, her stance and her expression
make it clear that she is a warrior first and
foremost. She dresses in traditional regalia
and carries several weapons at all times,
including a sword that was ancient before
she was born.

Breed: Feline

Tribe: Balam

Physical: Strength 4 (6/7/7/6), Dexterity 5
(6/8/7/8), Stamina 4 (6/7/6/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/
0/0), Appearance 4 (3/0/0/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5,
Dodge 4, Empathy 1, Intimidation 3,Larceny4,
Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Melee 5, Stealth 5, Survival 3
Knowledges: Medicine 3, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Fetish 2, Kinfolk 5, Pure
Breed 3, Rites 2, Totem 3

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Jackrabbit
Jump, Mother's Touch, Razor Claws, Re-
sist Pain, Scent of Running Water; (2)
Catfeet, Scent of Sight

Rank: 2

Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6


The Vampires

Two things have stopped the vampires
of the Sabbat from taking over the whole
of Mexico: the Changing Breeds — who
take great pride in destroying as many of
the Ticks as they can — and the painful
lack of organization within the Sabbat's
ranks.

There're different types of vampires, not
only in the clans they come from, but in
the way they act. The few vampires that
have existed in Mexico through the cen-
turies belong to a group calling itself the
Camarilla. Their philosophy is simple and
their tactics are extremely subtle. They
know they have time on their hands, and
with but a few tastes of their blood they
can bend the will of almost any mortal to
their bidding. One drop of blood in a glass
of beer or a pitcher of water is enough to
start the process they call "Blood Bond-
ing." Three drops of blood over three
consecutive nights is enough to seal the
fate of the victim. The victim might still
have his own mind, but the vampire can
influence his will, making him feel a need
to be close to and even to protect the
vampire. Needless to say, a Tick can pretty
easily take advantage of that connection,
reducing her vassals to little more than
slaves. Using the Blood Bond, money and
influence, as well as secrecy, the vampires
of the Camarilla have managed to worm
their way into mortal affairs over the cen-
turies.

Odd though it seems, most of the
Camarilla vampires take steps toward
maintaining their humanity — or what-
ever semblance thereof they tend to have

Tales From The Trails: Mexico

XxX)

in mind. They live among humans, sel-
dom killing any if they can avoid it, and
they hide their existence from the rest of
the world. They're immortal so long as
they drink human blood and protect them-
selves. For these reasons, over decades or
centuries, vampires can all but control the
tides of human history and government.
They can be patient, because they do not
need to fear very much in the world. Most
of the oldest and most powerful vampires
in the New World are members of the
Camarilla.

The Sabbat, also called the Black Sabbat,
is not of the same mind. They are rebel-
lious, often much younger vampires, and
they don't much care for the philosophies
of their forebears. The Sabbat feels that
they are superior to humans, seeing the
mortals they came from as little more than
a source of food and occasional entertain-
ment. Where a Camarilla vampire might
go out of her way to avoid killing a mortal,
the Sabbat vampires revel in their power.
They never hesitate to crush their en-
emies, and they don't think twice about
committing atrocities upon those who are
weaker than them, atrocities that would
put even the Inquisition to shame.

The Sabbat feels it needs to make up for
lost time, and what better way than to take
what it wants by force? Rather than subtly
working their way into acommunity, they
are far more likely to destroy a town com-
pletely, orto make the humans of the town
into more of their own kind, slaves to use
in the war against the Camarilla.

The Sabbat knows no more about
subtlety than they do about kindness. The
way to win the war, in their eyes at least, is


TU

to make enough soldiers to overwhelm
any possible opposition. Should they lose
most of their army in the process, they
simply create more as needed. Those who
perish in the war are not mourned — they
were obviously too weak to survive the
confrontation. Those who survive are
looked upon as equals, having proven
themselves in combat. Better living
through forced evolution — that's the
basic philosophy of the Sabbat. They con-
sider themselves greater than mere mortals,
and those who are lucky enough to join
their ranks are also considered the supe-
rior race. They might not use those precise
terms, but that's what it all boils down to
in the long run.

The Sabbat have had enough of the
Camarilla. They have been held back from
having their own homeland, and now they
will make one at any cost. Oddly, there
was no consensus or council that sparked
this movement — it merely started hap-
pening. From South America and North
America alike, the Sabbat began moving
toward Mexico. When the leaders of the
Sabbat met and discussed the matter, they
agreed the time had come to wage their
war and began their plots to usurp the
Camarilla's power in the area. Beyond
that decision, they haven't made any true
plans. The war is on, and when the Sabbat
wins, then they'll work out the details of
who will be in charge. In the meantime,
the Sabbat moves in packs, much like the
Garou themselves, and they attack as they
will. Some are exceedingly violent, de-
stroying entire towns; others merely gather
their numbers together to attack the de-
fenses of the Camarilla, killing the vampires

who established their bases of power.
Whatever the plan, they fight with a sav-
agery that rivals the werebeasts' own —
and they have numbers on their side.

The Boot Hill
Gang

The Boot Hill Gang is the most success-
ful pack of Sabbat vampires roaming
through Mexico. While they do not al-
ways stay south of the border, they spenda
great deal of their time there. In addition
to "recruiting" new vampires, they also
make a habit of destroying anyone who
bothers them too much. They've robbed
banks, started riots and whipped up lynch
mobs, and leveled entire towns in the
pursuit of their goals.

What makes them worse than most of
the Sabbat packs is that they actively hunt
and kill any Garou they can find. This isn't
business, it's a personal vendetta. Most of
them have lost members of their previous
packs to the werewolves at one point or
another, and they've learned to under-
stand the ways of the Garou as few others
have. They know that silver is a weakness
for the werewolves, and they carry large
supplies of silver bullets for all of their
weapons.

The Boot Hill Gang is on a mission to
make Mexico safe for the Sabbat, and
they're doinga fine job of it so far. They've
killed over a dozen werewolves already,
and they've created over 200 more vam-
pires for the Sabbat between them. If there's
any positive to that, it's that over 150 of
those vampires they created have already
met their deaths at the hands of the Garou.

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 89


Joseph "Boot" Hill

Background: Joe Hill loved the idea of
being a gunslinger. He practiced daily on
his farm in Texas, and he got very, very
good. Then he went off to make aname for
himself. But things didn't go as well as he'd

{ planned. It got worse when Joe Hill made
the mistake of taking offense to the brag-
ging of one Bernard Del Gado, not realizing
the man was a vampire. Tired of the man's
prattling, he shot Del Gado in the chest.
That doesn't do quite the same thing to
vampires that it does to humans, and Joe
got an unpleasant surprise. Before it was
all said and done, Hill had been dragged
behind a horse, whipped and beaten se-
verely for his trouble. The vampire let him

SSNS

PS
y
eS?

©

Ne

heal for a time and then Embraced him,
turning the man into the monster he is
today.

About three years later, Bernard Del
Gado had the misfortune of meeting with
a very angry pack of Garou. There were
some questions about who would lead the
pack after his demise, but Joe answered
them himself, killing most of the rest of
the pack. Only those who agreed to his
being the new boss lived through the night.

Since that time he's been doing every-
thing he can to promote the growth of the
Sabbat, and in the process the nickname
he was given — Boot Hill after the cem-
eteries in some of the larger towns, where
boots are placed as the markers for the
unknown when they are buried — has
become something of a legend in parts of
Texas and Mexico.

Joe's clan specializes in killing, and Joe
himself is a rising star of the clan among
the Sabbat. He and his gang are a threat to
the werebeasts, but to the Sabbat they've
become almost heroes, the subject of many
tall tales and rumors. Despite being a ruth-
less killer, he tends to mimic many human
traits, such as always tipping his hat to a
lady, and holding the door for a lady as
well. He doesn't spit in public and he
always at least nods a greeting to those
who notice him. That he might kill any of
the people he treats properly is simply not
important; manners are everything.

Image: Joseph Hill is quite tall, standing
6' 4" in height. He is as lean as he is tall,
and dresses just as he should for the long
trips he takes throughout the territory. His
short-cropped brown hair is almost always
hidden under a hat, and his blue eyes have

Tales From The Trails: Mexico


LEER.

been known to stop a man cold when he
locks eyes. Though his face is fairly hand-
some, he hasa latticework of scars covering
several portions from the time he spent
being dragged behind a horse before he
was Embraced.

Clan: Assamite antitribu

Generation: 7th

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Ap-
pearance 2

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Intimidation 5, Larceny 3, Pri-
mal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 5, Leadership 3,
Melee 3, Ride 4, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Inves-
tigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics 1 (Spanish),
Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5
Powers: Joe has an effective Rage of 4 for
the purpose of taking extra actions. His
Stamina is increased by +4 as well and
these dice can be used to soak aggravated
damage. Use Lupus Gifts of levels 1-3 for
the rest of his vampiric powers.

Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

Jack Dawson

Background: Jack Dawson made the
mistake of getting "uppity" with one of his
neighbors, and falling in love with the
man's daughter. Being part Indian and
part black, he was not well received. The
man arranged for Dawson's murder, and
then spit on the dying Texan before leav-
ing him for the crows. But Dawson didn't
die all that easily.

Dawson lingered for a day in the hot
summer sun — and was visited at night-
fall. The man that came to him, a
horrible-looking fellow calling himself
some "baron" or another, offered Dawson
achance to take his revenge. Dawson took
it. He drank the cold, lifeless blood the
"baron" fed him and was changed. He
became one of the baron's own, a Samedi
vampire. His sire stayed with him for sev-
eral weeks, training him in the arts of the
Samedi. He learned to speak with the
dead, and to control them as well. He
learned to hide his decaying form behind
illusions, and he learned to be patient. Not
much later he had his revenge against his
murderers, and the Baron went his own
separate Way.

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 85


SSSN

OX

/

oe

While Dawson doesn't follow the be-
liefs of the Sabbat, he does consider Boot
Hill to be his good friend, and he rides with
the Sabbat, at least for the time being.

Image: Jack Dawson looks like a mum-
mified corpse with long dark curly hair —
at least when he allows himself to be seen
in his true form. Most of the time the only
thing that remains unchanged is his hair,
the rest of him looks like a young, hand-
some Mexican, with slightly darker than
usual skin. He has no facial hair, and
brilliantly white teeth. His clothes are
functional, with little about them to make
him stand out from anyone else in Mexico.
He is never seen without his pistols in easy
reach, and has been known to carry a rifle
slung across his back. Unlike the perpetu-
ally scowling Joe Hill, Dawson always wears
a pleasant smile, even when he's killing
someone.

Clan: Samedi

Generation: 6th

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Ap-
pearance 0

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3,
Dodge 5, Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimi-
dation 3, Larceny 5, Primal-Urge 2,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 5, Leadership 3,
Melee 4, Ride 4, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2,
Law 3, Medicine 3, Occult 5
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Men-
tor 5

Powers: Dawson has an effective Rage of
6 for the purpose of taking extra actions,
and a + 3 Stamina which can be used to
soak aggravated wounds. He can speak
with the dead and disguise himself with
ease. Use Uktena Gifts of levels 1-3 for the
rest of his powers.

Gnosis 7, Willpower 8

Apache Jones

Background: The man called Apache
Jones was born in Ireland, and worked on
the railroads for several years. In his spare
time he gambled heavily and did a great
deal of bare-fisted boxing. winning more
bouts than he lost. It was after winning a
fight against a much larger man that he
was attacked by a vampire who Embraced
him and then fled into the night. After
several close calls — like watching the sun
rise the morning after he was changed —
while he was learning to use his powers,
Jones began to get the hang of being a
vampire.

Unfortunately, he also got the attention
of the local law, who took it upon them-
selves to senda posse after him. Like as not
they'd have killed him that night, but the
Boot Hill Gang rode into town just after
the sun set. They followed his trail on a bet
between Hill and Dawson as to whether or
not they could find him before the posse
did. Hill won the bet by killing the posse,
and was so pleased with himself he offered
Jones the opportunity to join them.

Apache Jones just keeps getting stranger:
he used to answer to the name Walter, but
has recently decided that he's an injun,
and an Apache at that. He's taken to
speaking in Pidgin English, imitating the


aanee|

dialect of the Indians as portrayed in dime
novels about famous gunslingers. Hill tends
to look at the man asa mascot... avery big,
very dangerous mascot, but a mascot none
the less.

Image: Apache Jones is a big man, with
all the personality of a cigar store Indian.
He wears his hair braided and dresses in
leathers. He also tends to speak Pidgin
English despite the fact that he is very
much a Caucasian. His brown eyes and
mud-brown hair frame a face that looks
like it saw a few too many fights before he
was Embraced. His nose is slightly off to
the right and his ears are cauliflowered
from his years as a bare fisted boxer. De-
spite his comical appearance, he is a very
able gunslinger and vicious in hand-to-
hand combat.

Clan: Malkavian

Generation: 9th

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Ap-
pearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 4, Brawl 5,
Dodge 5, Empathy 2, Expression 1, Intimi-
dation 3, Larceny 2, Primal-Urge 3
Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 2, Ride 3
Knowledges: Medicine 4

Backgrounds: None

Powers: Apache Jones is a very big man.
He has a + 4 to his Stamina (which he can
use to soak aggravated damage) and can
use just about any Gift that directly affects
the mind of an opponent.

Gnosis 3, Willpower 6

Lucy Markowitz

Background: Lucy Markowitz was born
in New York City and married quite young.
When her husband decided to move to the
West, she wasn't thrilled with the deci-
sion. But being a dutiful wife, she obeyed
his commands. They settled in Texas, and
the Comanche took them within a week.
Her husband and daughter were killed.
Lucy was meant to be aslave, she gathered
from another woman that they were to be
sold to the Apache a few weeks later. She
was not treated well by the Indians and
took the first chance she got to run. She
didn't make it far before the Sabbat showed
up. She was Embraced and buried in the
ground, forced to dig herself out of the

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 87


grave where they placed her. When she
finally freed herself the need for blood was
overwhelming and she killed and drained
three men, gorging herself on the blood
and then vomiting the fluid up, disgusted
with herself.

That was two years ago. Since then she's
come to embrace the lifestyle of the vam-
pires, especially because to them gender
means nothing. She is now an equal to
men, and for Lucy that is a very powerful
feeling.

Image: Lucy dresses like a man, but her
figure tends to stand out just the same. She
wears her black hair in a ponytail and does
her best to look stern. She is sultry and
beautiful, a fact that annoys her to no end,
or so she claims. Despite her best efforts to
look rugged, she still draws the eyes of men
whenever she enters a room; the stupid
ones make comments and soon after eat
hot lead.

Clan: Lasombra

Generation: 10th

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Ap-
pearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Larceny 3, Primal-Urge 5, Sub-
terfuge 3

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 2, Ride 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Linguistics 3 (French, Span-
ish, Comanche), Medicine 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3

SSN SSS Sy
a rs
:

Powers: + 3 Strength, + 3 Stamina (us-
able to soak aggravated damage). Use
Ahroun, Shadow Lord and Silver Fang
Gifts, levels 1 and 2.

Gnosis 2, Willpower 5
Janey Pickman

Background: Janey Pickman is some-
thing of a prodigy among her ilk. She
actually sought out the vampires, having
learned of them through stories her grand-
mother told her. She looked long and
hard, often working on farms and even in
factories while she did what she could to
find them. When she finally located one,
she started pleading for him to take her
along, too. He decided to give her the
chance — if she could survive the battles
that were to come soon afterwards.


That suited her just fine. Janey proved
to be tough as nails, and in battle she
proved herself to her sire. He Embraced
her soon afterward, and she's been de-
voted to her bestial undead "lifestyle" ever
since. When her sire died in combat, she
moved on, joining with Joe Hill and his
gang. She has never regretted the deci-
sion.

Image: Janey is anything but soft. Her
red hair and spattering of freckles might
make one think she is delicate, unless she
gives them a chance to look a little closer.
Years of hard labor on the farm show in her
corded muscles and lean frame. Despite
the fact that she is, indeed, a vampire, she
still has the remnants of her tan from when
she was Embraced. She dresses in women's
clothing, but has altered her dresses to
allow her easy access to her six shooters.
Clan: Gangrel
Generation: 8th
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Ap-
pearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 1,
Larceny 3, Primal-Urge 4
Skills: Firearms 3, Leadership 1, Melee 2,
Performance 2, Ride 3, Stealth 2, Survival 4
Knowledges: Culture 3, Enigmas 4, Inves-
tigation 4, Law 1, Medicine 2, Occult 1,
Politics 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4
Powers: + 3 Stamina (usable to soak ag-
gravated damage). Uses Metis and Lupus
Gifts, levels 1-3
Gnosis 2, Willpower 9

} le }

Alejandro Aguirre
Background: Alejandro traveled through
Mexico, Texas and even California, sell-
ing snake oil and every imaginable remedy
for any ailment one could imagine. His
potions killed far more than they cured.
He had the luck to run across a man who
promised to teach him real magic, if he
would agree to learn it. When Alejandro
nodded in agreement, the man attacked
him. When it was over, Alejandro was a
vampire, one of the warlocks who can use
their blood to work great medicine. Though
it's taken a great deal of time, he's mas-
tered several of the powerful spells of his
clan, and considers himself a true wizard.
The other members of the gang might
disagree, but he sure can summon up a
nasty storm when he feels like it.

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 88


Image: Alejandro is vain and cocky to a
fault. He dresses in the finery of Mexico's
past and moves with the grace of a dancer.
He is seldom without a smile on his face
and a woman on his arm. Of course, the
smile is fake and the woman is normally
his next meal. His thick mustache is nor-
mally slightly hidden behind a fat cigar.
Clan: Tremere antitribu

Generation: 10th

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Ap-
pearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 3, Larceny 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4,
Leadership 1, Melee 3, Performance 3,
Ride 1, Stealth 1, Survival 3
Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Inves-
tigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics 3 (English,
Nuatl, German), Medicine 4, Occult 4,
Politics 2, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Fetish 5,
Mentor 4

Powers: Alejandro can use Uktena and
Wendigo Gifts, levels 1-4. He specializes
in creating bad weather.

Gnosis 7, Willpower 7

Las Momias —
the Mummies

I've heard ‘em called all sorts 0' names.
They're called the Reborn in some places; the
Undyingin others. Neither is exactly an accu-
rate phrase, but they kinda suffice. These
hombres are the rarest of the supernatural
critters wandering around in the world, but

SS

ox

they're also among the most powerful. Mages,
werewolves, vampires and all the rest can
avoid death, but they'll eventually die any-
way. Even the vampires have to watch out for
physical injuries — a little sunlight or fire can
make a Tick's dead state all too permanent.
But the Reborn don't have to sweat that too
much. Even if you kill ‘em and burn their
bodies and scatter the ashes, I reckon they'd
make a comeback. It's their blessing, or their
curse. Even death can't keep them down for
long.

The story is that they exist all over the
world, from Africa to China, and maybe even
a few of them in Europe. But the only ones
I've ever met or heard tale of personally are
down in Mexico and South America. Here
they call themselves the Xibalba, though I
don't reckon I have any idea what that word
means. Near as anyone can guess, they've
been around for a few thousand years — or at
least the earliest of ‘em have.

The Reborn of Mesoamerica can nor-
mally look back into their lives and
pinpoint the certain moments that
changed them. For a few, that moment is
defined as the exact instant they willingly
died for their gods. For others, there are
memories of struggling back from the
realms of the dead and crawling back into
their bodies. And in at least one case, the
time of the great change happened some-
time after being buried alive.

They came back from death and lived
again, only to die later of natural causes,
disease or accidents. And then they vis-
ited the realms of the dead, where they
existed as spirits for a time, ghosts that
could merely haunt the worlds of the liv-
ing. And then they rose again.


*.¢,

The Reborn can die, and do so regularly.
The difference is that they always come
back.

The cycle is endless — birth, death,
rebirth. The Reborn call their time among
the dead the winter of their lives, content
or dismayed by the knowledge that Spring
will come again. When it does, they rise
from death to walk among the mortals and
the other denizens of the world.

There aren't many of the Xibalba in
Mesoamerica, but their power is great, and
they have influence over the people and
the land that the vampires can only dream
of possessing. They cannot change their
skins, and have no superior physical
strength, but they have magics all their
own. Through powerful alchemies they
can alter their bodies temporarily, and
through the use of specially crafted amu-
lets they can increase their physical and
mental capabilities. Some, after spending
a great deal of their time as spirits while
their bodies were dead, have gained the
ability to communicate with and even
control the spirits of the dead.

The Xibalba are very different from one
another. Some believe they are chosen by
their gods to maintain the order of their
world, as guardians of the ancient tradi-
tions and protectors of their own
descendants. Others believe they are gods,
trapped for a time in mortal flesh and
released with each death they experience.
None of them can provide any evidence
for their claims beyond their own exist-
ence. Unlike the vampires and the
shapechangers, the Xibalba have no one
who came before them to guide them on

their ways. As a result they have each
developed as an almost unique entity,
linked to the others only by the fact that
they share the same unusual fate.

The Xibalba have few meetings, save for
planned occasions where a few acquain-
tances discuss the state of the world and
exchange notes on how their lives have
changed. They only havea few established
tules for coexistence: They work together
to keep others of the Reborn out of their
domain, and they leave each other alone
in most things. Beyond these simple guide-
lines, they have little to discuss. Each is
too busy working on forging his or her own
destiny.

Some have used their numerous rebirths
in an attempt to reach spiritual and physi-
cal perfection. They seek to better their
environment by means of their own expe-
rience, and work to guide humanity to the
next step in the destiny they believe the
gods have designed. Others choose in-
stead to reshape the world in their own
images, accepting that this is the reason
they have been granted immortality. In
some cases the images they would see
reflected by the world at large are distorted
and dangerous.

Malinche

Background: One of the oldest of the
Xibalba is Malinche, a woman who once
held power as a living god and ruled with
impunity over the Olmec. When she was
torn apart by the werebeasts for defying
the will of the gods, she thought her life
was over. She was wrong. Her body had
been ritually prepared for burial, but with

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 1


her internal organs torn asunder and her
body contorted into a position no living
person could hold, she awoke to find her-
self in her tomb almost a decade after she
died. Reborn into a tomb, with her only
thoughts memories of her death and the
fall of the Olmec people, she went insane
with anger.

Over the centuries she learned powerful
magics, and she learned the truth about
the "Messengers of the Gods," the
skinchangers who believed they had the
right to control the lives and destinies of
the human populace. She learned to hate
the Changing Breeds and began searching
for a way to destroy their control over the
human race. In some places she failed; in
others her tactics and plans helped break

82 Tales From The Trails: Mexico

Ww

SSN

ZALL:

oe

the werebeasts' control over local humans.
Her greatest success was in the destruction
of the Aztec Empire, which she saw as
corrupt: a product of the skinchanging
beasts interfering in the lives of her de-
scendants. But then the resulting chaos —
the fall of the Aztecs and the rise of a
foreign government in control of the Land
— was enough to make Malinche change
her ways. Though she seldom takes an
active role in guiding humanity, she is
now doing what she can to stop the Inter-
lopers from growing in power.

Her discoveries of the changing face of
Mexico have left her stunned. She is only
recently returned from a journey to the
places where the Dead dwell, and is still
trying to regain her influence among the
humans. For the present time she aids the
Uktena in defending the city of
Guadalajara from the vampires. She also
tries to use her powers to make the Land
prosper.

Though she has no job at the present
time, Malinche has a remarkable amount
of wealth hidden away in dozens of loca-
tions. She also has just as many places
where she can hide herself if she should
feel the need.

Image: Malinche has long dark hair and
deep brown eyes. She is very obviously
Mexican Indian, though she dresses in
modern clothes. She looks much like she
did at the time of her first death, and
appears to be in her early 20s. Malinche
stands five feet tall and is slight in build.
Though she has changed her ways since
she was once known as the Dark Queen of


"DLE ee

the Olmec, she still carries herself like the
tuler of a nation, and her face is still quick
to take on a look of anger.
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Ap-
pearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Empa-
thy 4, Expression 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts 3, Etiquette 4,
Leadership 5, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 6 (myriad tongues), Medicine 5,
Occult 5, Politics 2, Rituals 5
Backgrounds: Fetish 5, Past Life 5, Re-
sources 5, Rites 5
Powers: Malinche is a master alchemist,
and can create potions for almost any
situation. She is also adept at the creation
of amulets. Her potions can add +5 to any
Physical Attributes, though the effects
wear off within a month of being imbibed.
She has an arsenal of poisons, as well as
potions that can heal even aggravated
wounds. She can effectively create any
fetish she might feel she needs, though
they require time to craft properly. Amu-
lets that she creates must be made for a
specific person; should others attempt to
steal or use these items, they simply do not
work.
Gnosis 8, Willpower 9
Mictlan

Background: Mictlan once served as
the high priest of a very powerful vampire:
Mictlantecuhtli, the self-proclaimed god

of death for the Mayans. He made thou-
sands of sacrifices to his god, feeding him

the hearts and blood of the sacrifices in
exchange for power. And then his god
disappeared, leaving the werebeasts to lay
their claims on the Mayans. The only
problem was that the Reborn who calls
himself Mictlan wasn't around for that last
part. His own god killed him before disap-
pearing.

Mictlan awoke to find himself in the
afterlife, which was nothing at all like
what his god had promised him. He wan-
dered the Shadowlands for a long time,
content to examine the underworld and
learn about the truth behind the lies of the
creature he'd worshipped. His faith was
destroyed, but he managed to find a cer-
tain peace.

And then he was reborn, and every-
thing he believed to be a lie was
reconfirmed for him. His master had prom-
ised him eternal life, and he managed to
grant it after a fashion. Ashamed by how
he had acted and conflicted by his own
beliefs of the past and his new ideology,
Mictlan decided to rectify his error by
making the greatest gift he could to
Mictlantecuhtli, his vanished god. If he
could not find the god of death, he would
take his place.

Mictlan has dedicated himself to the
destruction of every living thing, and he
has grown in power by studying the ghosts
and the heavens. He has worked in secrecy
for centuries, manipulating the beliefs of
the natives of Mexico and making sacri-
fices to his own honor. Andhe has recently
found a new ally, a being of immense
power who is willing to help him in his
goals. Thatally is Xipe Totec, better known
as the Storm Eater.

Chapter Four: The Bad and the Ugly 89


SSN

ZALLz

Mictlan has great power in the
Shadowlands, power he has collected by
devouring the spirits of other ghosts to fuel
himself and to honor his self-proclaimed
destiny. But his power is even greater
when he is alive, when he can control the
dead and make them do his bidding. He
has found others, pawns who serve him
and help build his army of the Flayed
Ones. If all goes as he wishes, he will be
able tocrush all of Mexico soon. After that
— there is a world to remake.

Image: Mictlan is short and stocky, with
a powerful frame that is in perfect condi-
tion. His hair is very long and straight, and
his broad face is handsome in a way that
intimidates rather than attracts. In the
Shadowlands, when he is forced to aban-
don his body, he appears as a great black

cloud in the sky. The cloud is in the rough
form of a man, and has eyes that con-
stantly flash with energy.

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Ap-
pearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5,
Dodge 5, Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimi-
dation 4, Larceny 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1,
Leadership 3, Melee 4, Performance 3,
Ride 2, Stealth 5, Survival 2
Knowledges: Culture 3, Enigmas 4, Investi-
gation 5, Law 3, Linguistics 7 (dozens of
languages), Medicine 5, Occult 5, Politics 4,
Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Fetish 5,
Past Life 5, Resources 3, Rites 5

Powers: Mictlan can control the dead,
both the ghosts and the Flayed Ones. He
has control over weather and can divine
the future by reading the entrails of his
sacrifices. He has created several amulets
as well, including one that protects him
from the Gifts of the Garou (+3 Difficulty
to all attack Gifts used against him).
Gnosis 9, Willpower 9

The Flayed Ones

The Flayed Ones are unique to Mexico.
They are the wraiths of the Dead who have
been touched by the power of the Storm
Eater and then placed into the bodies of
the recently sacrificed. Though they ap-
pear perfectly normal under most
circumstances, they are undead in their
own fashion. Unless they are actually at-
tackingan enemy, they have nonoticeable

84 Tales From The Trails: Mexico


DE Be

difference from any other human, save for
their Wyrm-taint. When they reveal them-
selves, however, their horrible state of
decay make them very obvious. When no
longer hiding themselves, the Flayed Ones
still look largely human — save for the
lack of any flesh over their skulls and the
long strips of flesh that hang from their
bodies like the bandages on a Hollywood
mummy. Of course, these are no Holly-
wood creatures; the Flayed Ones' fleshy
wrappings constantly drip blood.

The Children of Xipe Totec are dedi-
cated to destroying the Interlopers and
reclaiming their land as their own. They
work carefully to further the agendas of
Mictlan, often imitating the people whose
bodies and they now possess and spreading
the word of Mictlan as a gospel or simply
spying on the Reborn's enemies.

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Ap-
pearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Medicine 2, Occult 2, Poli-
tics 2

Backgrounds: None

Powers: Though they are not Mockeries,
the Flayed Ones have powers similar to
the following: Claws and Fangs, Eyes of
the Wyrm, Immunity to the Delirium,
Monstrous Strength, Poison Tumors.

Gnosis 4, Willpower 5


South of the Border
You're on the'run trom the law. You've got enemies aplenty in the States, from undead bloodsuckers to-niné-foot=. -

werewolves. Folks'are coming after you'with fire, silver bullets and magick, Sutthat's.all right, tecause you're;just afew
mniles:north of the border. And you figure once you get to-Mexico, your troubles will be‘far behind, Bad, bad move, amlgo.—

And Just North of Doomsday

If you thought Mexico was immune to the troubles of the Savage West, —

you're all'kinds of wrong. There are gangs of vampires riding the night, "s
pulling down'everyone who-gets in their way. There are-shapeshifters"=
with long-memories-and a list of grudges, afid-they't'all-be happy to takes:
some of ‘heir grievances out on.you. There are zoel dlaod- cults and =

ca. murder and-chaos waiting for you. Good thing they | celebrate the Day ot =
a) the Dead down there — "you'll probably be-in-@ state 10 appreciate ae
f soon enough:

"S- Tales From iat :

Mexico includes: _.

© The scoop on 10th-century Mexico in the World of Darkness; a
Whole'selection.of settlements where'an outlaw can-go'to rod
 Notes-on.the-superatural population: and History-ot Mexico= =
Including: Caroll; Changing Breeds, vampires; ghosts and mors

4 "od A lynch mob of antagonists for Wild ‘West-cames, from. teat
3N 1-56504-345-6 "Hill gang to the ancient mummies that still walk today

| a Ren
2
