# File: Technomancer's Toybox.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


rem

‘ACE of QUES TING

[PAGE of PATTERN. |

Where does he get those wonderful toys?
— The Joker, Batman

By Bill Bridges, Phil Brucato, Brian Campbell, Roger Gaudreau,
Angel Liegh McCoy, Judith McLaughlin and John R. Robey


NOW All

WAN

Credits

Written by: Bill Bridges, Phil Brucato, Brian Campbell,
Roger Gaudreau, Angel Liegh McCoy, Judith McLaughlin
and John R. Robey

Prelude by: Kathleen Ryan

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Scott Baxa, Mike Chaney, Fred Hooper, Mark Jack-
son, Leif Jones, David Leri, Heather McKinney

Front Cover Art: Leif Jones
BackCover Art: Alex Sheikman
Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

iy 735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
& SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

a8

CAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is

I rights reserved.

expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire the uuerade, Vampire the Dark

ges and Mage the Ascension a tered trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Cl ing the Dreaming, Werewolf
the Wild West, The Technomancer's Toybox, The Book of
Mirrors The Mage Storyteller's Guide, The Book of Shadows,
Technocracy Iteration X, Technocracy NWO, Technocracy Pro-
genitors, Technocracy Void Engineers, Technocracy Syndicate,
Virtual Adepts, Digital Web and Sons of Ether are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc

The mention of or reference to any company or product in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and

themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is
advised.
Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA

2 The Technomancer's Toybox

Special Thanks To:

Rich "Jackie Chan" Dansky, for kicking Evil Dude butt
Rob "Death of a Thousand Cuts" Hatch, for going to Hell
and coming back with blood on his hands.
Ken "South of the Border" Cliffe, for turning red over the
green card.
Andrew "Geneva Convention" Bates, for sending our crew
packing.
Chris "Judgment Day" McDonough and Greg "T1000"
Fountain, for making August 29th a day to remember.
Michael "Sanctuary!! Sanctuary!" Rollins, for displacing
the Safe House (thank all the gods that be!).
Katie "Dog Days" McCaskill, for making Snert an office
fixture.
Robbie "Road Warrior" Poore, for braving the elements.
Fred "Open Season" Yelk, for teaching us how to game
(again).
Brian "I Have No Brain and I Must Scream" Glass, for
making it through con season with his sanity (if not his hair
or liver) intact.
Charles "Workohellic" Bailey, for sacrifices way beyond
the call of duty.
Lori "Poison Ivy" Snyder, for turning up the heat each
summer.
Mike "Vault Keeper" Tinney, for snagging us a really cool
Dragon(Con) lair.
Allison "Scared Little Rabbit" Sturms, for laughing off the
Eurotrash.
Phil "Gabrielle" Brucato, for scoring with the Warrior
Princess.
Wendy "It's Full of Stars" Blacksin, for lighting up the dark
night of the soul.
Justin "PsychoDude" Achilli, just because.

and all those nice folks at GenCon, DragonCon,
ComicCon andall the other Cons. Thanks, guys! You know
who you are. Take a bow!


IVE

Table of Contents

Prelude 4
Introduction 6
Link I: The Virtual Adept Shop 12
Link 2: The Etherites 30
Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 48
Link 4: Other Technomancers 72
Appendix: Hardware 88

Contents 3


Prelude *

By Kathleen Ryan

"Ladies and gentlemen, this is your Captain speaking."
Thomasina Gundermann's voice echoes off the bulkheads of
the newly christened Atomic Jalopy. "If you look to port just
now, you'll have a wonderful view of Mars. Wave hello to those
crazy kids in Eris, and pray they don't shoot at us." She has to
shout — the intercom hasn't been installed yet.

"Just drive, Tommy," says avid Cho, de facto leader of the
Second Seven. His eyes flicker around the galley. Across the
cabin, Father Timothy Hurley rests quietly, belted into an old
Volkswagen seat. Beside the priest, Jeremy Hurst turns to see
out the porthole, straining against the mass of climbers' web-
bing that hold his lanky body on the towel-padded countertop.
Next to David, bungee-corded to the other side of the support
beam thar tethers the Cultist himself, sits Amanda Janssetiyy

David watches her thoughtfully.

" As she is now — gray-tinted eyes searching the starscape;
coffee-colored hair falling in great coils about her shoulders;
long, slender legs braced against the doorsill — the assassin is
lovely. Inanother guise, dressed to kill, she took David's breath
away.

Because this woman killed a man, the Sevenare fleeing for
their lives — but Jeremy and his master live only because she
defended them.

She turns suddenly toward David, like a cat re
stare, and her eyes are corpse-cold. He flinches.

"Coming up starboard, the debris field that constitutes the
physical aspect of the Horizon. Asteroids, kids. That blue-
white, kinda lumpy dot near Orion is Earth." In a much lower
voice, Tommy goes on:

"We'll be swinging ‘round and easing in backwards." She
switches control over to her co-pilot, Zachary McCoy. The
husky Akashic takes the stick gently, looking for orders.
Tommy pulls out a new set of levers and slider bars, her freckled
face frowning in concentration, and mutters, "Just hold her
steady, Zack, let me power up the Dimensional Destabilizer."

Amanda's gaze.returns to the nearby hatch! She.sees nO
asteroids, no space-dust ring. There is sky, infinitélY black;
there is the transparent, gray plane of the Umbra beneath
them; there is the endless edge of the Horizon, red: ‘Black and
rippling in the solar wind — nothing else. Not even the sun
shows through, though she saw it well enough half an hour
before. Faintly, slickly, wetly, the barrier reflects the starshine.

The Destabilizer's hum rises in pitch. The vibrations,
carried along stanchions and through deckplates, assault the
passengers. Amanda watches the cuffs of her jeans buzz, fast as
hummingbirds. A steady whine creeps into her consciousness.
Her teeth ache. She closes her eyes.

enting a

4 The Technomancer's Toybox

"Okay, Zack. We've broached the secondary effects,"
Tommy says. "Here comes the main disturbance. Stay on your
toes — there may be some Etheric turbulence." "

Strapped in and helpless in the belly of the steel ship, yet
too nervous not to watch trouble, the assassin lets her lids
flicker back open. She sees stars and relaxes, then stretches to,

look down upon the skin of Reality. Six inches below the ™
porthole, lacquer-smooth, it swirls and puddles over the con- "
tours of the ship.

Amanda stares. The incarnadine miasma swallows that 4
scant half a foot. The meniscus crawls slowly up the surface of 4

the glass, past her head, suffocatingly. Cold, she shivers,
shaking one shining lock of hair closer to her throat. The

unexpected, feathery touch shocks her, freezes het — it seems :
to be the razor's delicate edge, the breath of Gericault, on her
col »As the blood-red sea drowns out the last stars, she q

braves the razor and tilts her head to follow them. The coils of
her hair graze her cheek and neck — becoming the Caul's
membranes sliding over Mercy's jaw — and she descends into
evil memories. 4
The Atomic Jalopy sails on.
Ties e

through the Aurora
, Zack...that
her over

"This is fantastic! Jus rin
Borealis, all pinkand blue and aaa Ohio
goldish lightning, two o'clock high. Gone, now
a bit, let's stay out of that, okay?" e

David smiles, knowing Zack sees the Teeth of ¢
closing over them and steers to avoid its attendant de
as real to him as Tommy's starstorm. Jeremy, the alchemist, 110"
doubt gazes on some logical obstruction in the'6rdered astro- -
logical cosmos. Father Tim, martyr to Dramamine, rests his
eyes — perhaps in prayer, perhaps in felicitous sleep. Tommy's
chatty tour guidance is nearly completely useless, yet none of
the cabal cares to trouble the sixteen-year-old Captain with a
reminder, and David takes absurd pride'in this fact.

A slight movement at his side captures his attention.
Amanda—head fallen forward, jaw slack, arms tense, burstill
— Amanda is shivering. Curious, he wonders: What in all the "
hells could make her shudder? For an instant, curiosity tempts
David to borrow her eyes — until chivalry and wisdom catch
up with the unethical — she hasn't asked for help — and
dangerous impulse. The assassin is too frightened and too fast
to her knives for him to risk aiding her. David leans back,
shaken, and lets Tommy's awed, cheerful vision dictate what

:

he sees. He loses his worries in the peaceful, sapphirenebulae 4
— taking refuge in a world without inexplicable horror.
eee
a


A half hour later, Amanda recovers, hearing:

"Allright, almost through. Turn her 180 — we want the
Destabilizer out last. Give me, um, about 20 percent more on
the main drive. Great. Cycling. ..five...four...three..."

Looking down, the Euthanatos watches the other side of
the bloodbath ooze reluctantly away from the superstructure.

two.
Huge 'tipples like from'those ofa tsunamtrush:away from
the ship, crashing into one another and splashing high.

one.

The floating froth curls into tendrils, twisting crazily at
the fringes of sight. One enormous prominence whips around
the corner of the cargo hold, just as Tommy yells, "Out! We're
out!"

The Atomic Jalopy lurches, and spins suddenly weightle
struck by the collapsing tendril — but free of the barrier.

"Shit! Something hit us. Shut down, shut down!" Loud
thumps and clangs drown out the Captain's voice for a mo-
ment, and then, "Dammit, I told you to wear your seatbelt.

yourself downstairs. I'll handle this!"

Zack dives gracefully into the galley; he has piigsided in
free fall before. One hand tows duffel bag, theother a katana
and wakizashi. He stashes them in an empty cabinet. Aftera
moment's thought, he pulls out a plastic bag and passes it
quietly to Facher Tim; He grabs a handhglil'on the ceiling
nearby, Thesiee die ol
Tomimy dokes hepetd,dowaihe harck: hernidisting

brown curls moving:freely. "

"Let me say this now, ‘cause it looks to be about the only
today, David." A random sweater drifts in
nkroom, and she scowls at it furiously. "I told you
wasn't ready. So don't blame me if we're stuck out
here a week, okay?"

David lets her cool a moment. "What's wrong?"
"Gravity's out," says Zack, deadpan.

"I knew that!" Tommy sputters. She bites her lip and
continues, "No gravity. No main drive, ‘cause we had it

a powered down for the crossing. It won't restart, probably
‘ because one of its slave units blew — coolant, or regulators, or
f something. Shields aren't connecting to the main reactor — |

don't know why — but they are holding with the emergency
rE generator. Unfortunately, that means I'll need to kill shield
] power to do the repairs. I think. There's a visible dent, and
probably microfractures leaking air in the cargo space. Ifall this
takes more than a week, we're breathing Ether. And the
absolute last straw on the camel is that my jury-rigged diagnos-
tics have completely short-circuited, so I'm just guessing about
half of this."
"Guessing? Goddamn, Tommy!" Zack yells, sitting up
straight, hitting his head on the ceiling. "We can't afford to
guess—

Grab hold and stop drifting. Hit that red switch there and take !

"Don't yell at me! | did what I could in three hours with
a ship that's only supposed to do a beer run to Venus. You try
installing salvaged gravmods with duct tape and mag vises.
You're such a bonehead, you can't understand anything more
complicated than a screwdriver! I'm sick of you knocking her—
you haven't the faintest idea how she works. And... and... you
all gave her a stupid name, she hates it." Tommy loses her grip
on the ladder and starts falling slowly into the galley.

Zack rolls his eyes. "The Jalopy can't hate anything — it's
just a heap of metal, Tommy.

"Hey, cool it, guys. Calm down a second—"

Tommy blinks back tears. "If you're supposed to be so
tuned in, Zack, why don't you figure out where she's hurt?Can't
you feel that?!"

Father Tim noisily interrupts. The fight bre
combatants find opposite corners, shame-faced.

"All right, team," says David. "Let's take stock for a
minute. Father, I think you should go down. Join us when you
feel you can. Jeremy — is there anything in that six-demon bag
of'yours that'll help him? Great. Zack, help them get settled."

ks off; the

He waits for the younger men to return, then continucs
soothingly, "Zack and Tommy brought up a very interesting
point. Can any of ussense where the Jalopy is damaged? I seethe
current in the wires, but | wouldn't know a resistor from a
transistor, broken or whole."

"I didn't use anything that primitive anyway," the Cap-
tain sulks.

"Something's wrong," Amanda says, "under this hatch."

The Second Seven turn as one entity toward their guest.
Her hair is pulled back and netted, her feet bare, her othes
and weapons taped down, her bag clipped to the wall, her
former seatbelt tied into the belt at her waist — ready for work
in free fall. She's been busy while we argued, David thinks.

"Letmesee," The Captain saysas she pushes over and pops
the access panel. "You're right. The Metadatastacizers are on
the fritz. | wouldn't have guessed that. How did you know?"

"T felt...corrosion there."

Zack grunts. "Of course. Rot calls to rot."

n handle those."

"Shut up, Zack," Jeremy snaps hack. "I

"Okay. I'll take Amanda around the ship," Tommy say
"Jeremy knows the Metas and coolant system — he mixed the
gel in the first place —and Zack can start in cargo, sealing leaks
— he doesn't need to understand the advanced theories for
that. Send Pop down to the drive as soon as he's feeling better.
We're going to need his specialty. Andyou can... um," Tommy
says to David, then falters, thinking hard, "you can sort ofclean

house — maybe tie down floaters and cook dinner or some-
thing. And brief Pop when he wakes up. I'd let you monitor
communications, but the Etheric's busted, too."

"I's all right, Captain," David answers. "I'm sure I'll find

(To be continued...)

Prelude 5



TVA

Introduction

Why do we act like
Why do we act like
Why do we act like machines?

Die Krups, "Metal Machine Music"

>

ES

FOLLOWTHEYELLOWBRICKROADF OLLOWTHEYELLOWBRICKROADFOLLOWFOLLOWFOLLOW
FOLLOWTHEYELLOWBRICKROAD.

THERZNOPLAZLIKEHOME
Hi, hello and welcome to the world's most dangerous website!

Assuming you made it here through the various spamtraps, backdoors,
riddlesites, encryptions, blindsidz, false leads, dummies and nightmare
drops (man, | pity you if you ended up in one of *those!* Nasty, ain't
they? %-) ), you're at least halfway decent. If you can actually *see*
what we've got on display here at Dr. Volcano's Emporium for the
Anarchistically-Inclined, you must have other talents that the average
nethead just ain't got.

2222222222 222227227227 72727277

Introduction 7


*IJAP!* You're Awakened, dumbass!

See me? Hear me? Touch me? Feel me? Good! That means I'm reaching your oh-
so-Elite synapses on some level, anyway. | am (as the Man in White once said
every goddamn week) Doc ‘Cano, your host. Welcome to Fantasy Website! :*)

What's so fantastic? Only a treasure trove of conventional and unconventional
goodies, straight from the chambers of the mad scientists among us. Browse
with me and we'll examine a pile of stuff from all sides of that little bout of
paradigmal self-abuse called the *kaff! kaff!* Ascension War. Some of it's just
for show; some of it's for sale if you've got the right connections. All of it's spe-
cialized — not just *anybody* can get this stuff — and most of it's supposed to be
secret.

As if.

Here it is, for your assimilating pleasure: A collection — not exhaustive, but en-
tertaining — of gadgets, hardware, vehicles and sundry items that I've been able
to pry out of watchful hands. Is it for sale? That's for me to know and you to find
out (try sending me your c.c.# and expiration date! Snarf!). Does it work? All of
it, | promise. () :-) x

Cy]

Why am | putting up here?
‘Cause you deserve to know about it.

Look, | don't care if you're an Adept or a Mirrorshade (well, scratch that — | *do*
care, but not for these purposes). The information deserves to be out there, if
only to Special Parties. Trust me, this isn't all | know, and | don't know every-
thing (damn near, but that's another story). But by casting these shadows on the
wall, I'm hoping you can grok the bigger picture: Machines-R- -Us. Us=R-Machines.
We make things to fulfill our needs, and then we shift our needs aroun Hite ac-
commodate our things. In time, we *need* more things, so we *make* | 1ore.of
‘em, and then we make *way* for more of ‘em, and then we have new fal:
needs. See the cycle? It's like birth, death and rebirth, only it's funneled through
technology. And since our needs make reality, our creations — our machines —
*become* reality. And then *they* make more reality.

Is there anybody else out there who's wondering why the world's little reality
pool has been growing more stagnant by the year?

Am | a Luddite? Am | a Verbena? Am | advocating a complete return to the Good
Old Days when we chased each other around trees with sticks until we died of
the common cold? No.

I'm simply making a point. This stuff is out there. It's making our world. It might
even cack you in the middle of the night if you're not careful.

And most of it looks pretty cool, too. :)
So you deserve to know about it.

That is all. Clazz dismissed. Check the site link spot for directions and have fun,
kids.

Try not to get yourselves killed.

— Doc ‘Cano

{| |

General Gamespeak

It's the car. Chicks dig the car.

— Batman, Batman Forever
So what's the difference between a Talisman and a
Device? Well, technically, there isn't one. Both of them
qualify as "Talismans" under the Background and "Talisman
and Fetish Creation Rules" (see Mage: The Ascension,
pages 133-134 and 245, respectively). The grand distinc-
tions come from the story and Storytelling. A Talisman is a
magickal item that looks like a magickal item — a flying
broom, a magic wand, that sort of thing. A Device is a
magickal item that, to quote Clarke's Axiom, is "any suffi-
ciently advanced technology (that) is indistinguishable from
magic." In the World of Darkness, hyperscience is magick,
literally.

In game terms, a Device isa Talisman that uses scientific
principles — albeit weird ones, but scientific ones — to

create its magickal Effects. It's not an arbitrary thing — it's
a machine constructed for a specific purpose by some highly
skilled personnel. While all Technomancers use scientific
foci — a.k.a. apparatuses — to channel their Effects, a
Device carries the power to alter reality within itself. Any-
one who understands how to use it can do so

In most cases, that understanding translates to Awaken-
ing. Some Devices, however, are so complex or esoteric that
the potential user needs training before he can do anything
with the machine. The Technocracy loves to screw its
enemies over by building fail-safes into its equipment; if
you've been trained by the NWO, your side arm is a snap to
use. If some reality deviant grabs the gun away from you,
though, it might take him a while to figure out how to make
the gun work, Time that you can use to get the gun away from
him — or to run

Typically, you'll need at least one dot in Technology to
utilize the average Device; things like firearms or sound
systems are pretty easy to figure out, but the average guy on
thestreet isnot going to understand the workings of a Trinary
computer power glove! Depending on the machine, other
Traits — Computer, Computer Hacking, Cryptography,
Medicine or Science — might be required. You can't reason-
ably expect to walk into a room and use an NWO

Sleepteaching Device (see Technocracy: NWO) without

understanding the principles of psychology and technology

Activation

If you've got the necessary skills, using a Device is easy
you the player roll the Device's "Arete" against the appropri-
ate difficulty. Since many Devices are coincidental, that
difficulty will usually be based on coincidental magick
(Device's rating +3), not vulgar magick (Device's rating +4
or 5).

(I say "Arete" in quotes because the machine itself isn't
especially enlightened; in most cases, it's simply a machine.)

From that point on, all systems work as if the character,
not the Device, had cast a magickal Effect, with the following
exceptions:

© Devices cannot spend extra points of Quintessence or
Willpower to lower their difficulty number.

¢ A Paradox backlash probably affects the Device, not
the one who uses it, although a really big backlash might
harm both.

Certain Devices might be so easy to operate that any
idiot can do so (see the item descriptions for details). If this
is the case, it's easier just to say "such-and-such happens"
than to roll every time someone uses the gadget. Un-Awak-
ened people might be able to use these inventions, too. In
these cases, the Storyteller should use the Device's "Arete"

asasort of "activation roll." If the roll fails, the machine does
nothing; if it botches, the Device breaks, rendering it useless,
at least fora while. Most "Sleeper friendly" Devices will still
require some kind of advanced training — usually a high
Technology or Computer rating — from their un-Awakened

handlers. Hypertech isn't for wimps!

Paradox

Throughout most of the modern world, Devices have a
definite coincidental edge. Obvious magick is chancy
most people don't believe in magic spells that can levitate a
car. Ah, but if that car grows turbo jets and sprouts helicopter

blades, it suddenly "makes sense." Events that seem impos-

sible by "magic" become acceptable through "science," even
if both of those things are, at the basic level, the same. Thus,
many Devices can be used with minimal Paradox risk; some
are so close to "normal" technology that even Sleepers can
use them. (See above.)

The downside is that machines break down. The more
"advanced," powerful or unlikely the Device, the more likely
it is to fail when you need it. Machines usually require skill,
prep time, maintenance and a power source to function; take
any of those elements out of the equation and you're risking
a breakdown. When Paradox does strike, it usually knocks
the Device out of commission; backlashes can make
technomagickal machines jam, break, feedback, erase them-
selves or even explode, depending on what the Device is,
what it does, and what it was supposed to be doing when
things went wrong.

Design and Creation

However weird it might be, every Device functions
according to some scientific principle. The inventor might
have made the theory up himself (most Sons of Ether do just
that), but there must be some kind of theory behind the
design. While the metaphysical ins and outs behind the
gadgets in your chronicle might not be important to the
story, it's worth remembering that no Device is created
without a reason, a theory or a design.

Introduction 9

IDE

NO Ail

NW

Devices are machines, created by an inventor to fill a
need. Thus, they must be researched, designed and con-
structed. In story terms, this can be as detailed or as sketchy
as you want it tobe. In game terms, it requires.a couple of dots
in Technology, the proper Spheres and the right mix of
Skills and Knowledges; it helps, for instance, to have Forces,
Prime, Gunsmithing and Science (Physics if you're trying to

design a laser cannon). From there, an inventor needs a
design. Many Technomancers create their own schematics,

but there's a brisk trade in black-market design spe

Most advanced technomagick is done in special re-
search and construction centers — that is, Sanctums, Horizon
Realms and Constructs. The forces of creation are not
juggled lightly. Besides, nothing beats a well-stocked work-
shop. Unlike magickal Talismans, Devices do not require
the sacrifice of a Willpower point (see "Talisman and Fetish
Creation," Mage, page 245); they do, however, take twice
the usual time to build unless there's some sort of assembly

line in the Realm. Most Technocracy Constructs do include

mass-production facilities — that's where they get those
wonderful toys! — but most Sons of Ether and Virtual
Adepts still prefer the personal touch. To them, the creation

process is part of the miracle.
Repair
Machines, even magickal ones, break. Fixing them is

often a matter of understanding the technology and the
technomagickal principles used in the Device's construc-

tion. Once again, a would-be repair tech must possess several
dots in Technology and at least one dot in the Spheres
employed by the machine. A character won't need the
Device's full Sphere ratings, but she should have at least a
basic understanding of the principles involved.

Generally, an Intelligence + Technology roll can fix a
broken Device, assuming the technician has time, tools and
room to work. (Other Traits, like Computer, Demolitions,
Gunsmithing or Science, might be more appropriate than
Technology for some machines.) A really extensive repair
job might demand several successes as well. The roll's diffi-
culty depends on the extent of the damage: A jammed gun
will be pretty easy to fix (one success, difficulty 6), while the
same gun, pounded flat by a raging werewolf, would be a lot
harder to fix (five successes, difficulty 9). An Intelligence +
Jury-Rigging roll (see Appendix) can field-slap a broken
Device back together for a limited time without the use of
special tools; the rigged machine will not, however, be
terribly sturdy and might be dangerous to use again

Although it's not a firm requirement, any mage who's
trying to fix a broken Device really should be a Technomancer
of some kind. It's easy to see how an Ether Scientist could
repaira HIT Mark's special gun, but a voodoo-using Verbena
ought to be completely lost, even if she has several dots in

10 The Technomancer's Toybox

Example: Sarasota Kane, a weapons specialist for the
NWO, Prime and Mind; when a Void

ngineer's Dimensional Gateway breaks down, however, she

understands Forces
probably won't be able to fix it — she doesn't have Dimensional
Science (a.k.a. Spirit). Two Dreamspeaker shamans happen
upon the broken Device before the Mirrorshades can get it out of
the area; Broken Arrow, a medicine man, is totally bewildered by
the machine
buthis companion, Tracy Black, learned the ways of the Machine

this isn't the Spirit medicine he understands! —

Gods. Tracy prefers techno-shamanism to primitive rites, so she
can fix and activate the Gateway even though her Spirit rating is
only 2 (the Device uses Spirit 4)

About This Book

As the Doe says, machines are created to fill a ne

Thus, each of the listings in this book presents the machine,
its creator and its reason for being. The game system specifics
can be found "out of character" in brackets below each
listing.

It's all too easy to say, "Here's a jetpack, here's what it
costs, here's what it does." The real magick of the Device,
however, is not the distance and speed it flies, but the fact
thatitexistsatall. The stories thataccompany each machine's
description show how each Device came to be. Those tales
can inspire any number of plot hooks, complications and
story threads in your own game, and give your troupe some
examples of the "process of invention" — a process your
characters should experience as they create their own De-
vices. Any good machine hasa story behind it, and stories are

what Mage is all about.

Buyin' Stuff
Most of the goodies herein are available to player
Virtual Adept

characters with the right connections.
might have a hard time getting her hands on Progenitor
cloning equipment, but if she really wants it, she'll probably
be able to get it. The Background Cost listings reflect an
optional rule: If your player character wants to possess a
certain item, she'll have to pay the points for it. Obviously,
this provides an exception to the rule that Background
ratings cannot be raised with experience points, and as we
said, it is optional (though recommended). Some Devices
cost more than their Background ratings would suggest;
those costs often reflect the rarity or increased "Arete" of a
certain Device. Several inventions are technically available
on the Awakened "market," but they're exceedingly hard to
come by. A Storyteller, we should add, can forbid any player
from purchasing any Device at any time if he feels it would
interfere with his game.

(Technocratic characters might be able to requisition
certain Devices from the high command, too. Technocracy:
NWOand Technocracy: Syndicate both include a system for
"assigned gadgets" on pages 52-53 and 55, respectively. These


toysdon'tactually belong to the agent in question; she borrows
them, uses them and, if possible, returns them after the mission
is completed. This option does not exist for Tradition charac-
ters, although certain mages might decide to lend an associate
a Device or two in return for a big favor later.)

Items marked with a "Q" are unique. Player characters
cannot buy them with Background points, although they
might —at the Storyteller' discretion — come across them in
the course of a story. We recommend that such Devices be
kept out of players' greedy little hands; these are the Mage
equivalents of the original Wright Brothers Kitty Hawk
plane — historical, irreplaceable, often powerful, but most
importantly unique. Whole stories can be built around the
prophecies of Zelly's Eternal Theatre or the side effects of
the RetEncO. That's why we've presented those Devices
here — to spark your imaginations and provide story-
fodder. No player cabal, however, should acquire a "trophy
room" filled with unique historical Devices. If nothing else,
such "Monty Haulism" would devalue the worth and won-
der of these machines.

Does Dr. Voleano's Forbidden Website
chronicle, and ifso, can player characters buy things from

xist in your

the Good Doctor? That depends on what you, the Story-
teller, want for your game. The Website has been set up as
a framing device for the book; though it exists in "official
continuity," nobody's quite sure about whether it's an
actual clearinghouse, a joke, a rip-off site or propaganda
The truth behind the site is left to you, the Storyteller. Just
keep a few things in mind:

© Doc ‘Cano is a Virtual Adept, a hacker and possibly
athief. He has uncanny sources of information, and he may
decline to sell anything to anybody; he might just take your
money and disappear.

© Websites are notoriously unreliable marketplaces to
begin with.

© Supplies are limited. Certain things might be perma-
nently out of stock.

¢ The whole site might be a smokescreen, code or a

staging ground for something else entirely,

If you, the Storyteller, decide to let players purchase

items from the Doc, have ‘em pay in cash, Background

points and possibly favors. Dr. Volcano has his own agen-

das, and may attach certain tasks to the price tag of an item.
These favors might inspire new stories by themselves;
imagine the trouble your troupe could get into when the
asking price for a set of Fractal Symphonies includes a
practical joke played on Hermetic Master Caeron Mustai.
As the Doc says, the
Talismans already in print. Check out The Book of
Shadows, Sons of Ether, Digital Web and any Technoc-
racy: book (see Appendix). Including themall in this book

e are plenty of technomagickal

would've made it twice the size it already is. The tidbits in
this tome are all brand new. Enjoy!



Link k.:

he Virtual
dept Shop

They say that certain mystics can send e-mail without a com
puter. They just think a thought and it zips across the internet like
nobody's business. Researchers think their modems are highly devel
oped parts of their medullas, using a microwave interface right behind

the

these mystics are fe

the nose. Ev they snee up for a few

seconds. For between.

Ask Dr. Science

All right, | admit it, I'm a bit biased when it comes to these folks. Thems my people,
understand? | can hang with all types, but these guys are (with a few exceptions) the
folks with a clue. In my book they are, anyway.

fs we all know, the world as we know it is stuck with a terminal case of suckage.
Cities crumble, forests tumble, ozone fades, carcinogens breed. What a shitty world, right?
Well, the Adepts have a plan, no Jess than world salvation. Reality 2.8, as the esteemed
Dante calls it. "Virtual" reality, hell — as these people can attest, it's as real as you are. All
you need are the gear and the guts to travel there and help build this place from scratch.
I'm not talking about Net "surfing." >:-P_ | mean world building. Literally.

Now, this isn't news to any of you. If you want the details, check out http://
genesis2.8rant@fku.com. The reason | digress for a brief but shining instant is because |
want you to know why | play favorites in this part of the site. Lots of people look at the
Adepts and see assholes with targets on their backs and computers at their fingers. Not
many think to look beyond that image. And to understand the hardware on this site, you've
gotta look beyond the cyberpunk shit, understand?

You do realize, of course, that this may all be diversionary propaganda, too. We may
have these machines, we may not. We probably have much more advanced stuff in our
basements, but choose not to brag about it. Or the whole thing could be a great big lie that
none of you sorry shits will ever understand until we come humming in behind you and
erase your credit rating or something. Only the Elite really know, and we wouldn't tell you
the truth anyway! 3°)

Link 1: Virtual Adept Shop


Lilie aie

« Portable Virtual Reality System

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Background Cost 3
Computers, too, keep getting smaller and more portable,

but even the most portable computer's value is diminished if

you've got to rely on the same old clunky VR helmet and gear in
order to get into the Web. The helmet gets heavy after a while,
and though you might not feel it while you're in the Web, your
aching neck will remind you for hours after you leave the system.
Not to mention how difficult it is to carry the damn thing around
with anything resembling secrecy.

The Portable Virtual Reality System solves all those prob-
lems. The creation of RAM Hog, an Adept from Los Angeles,
this system replaces the heavy VR helmet with a pair of dark
glasses fitted with side moldings that conform to the wearer's face
and block out all external light. The user wears a pair of thin,

black gloves with sensor pads along| her fingersa and palms

f into

these processors connect to a fourtla processor jac

user's computer. All in all, the entire PVRS weg than two.

pounds and is easily concealed 6

quite as sensitive. A Webspinner ina BN :
removed, a bit detached. Static is a , a from w
told, and whiteouts (Paradox backla

Unwashed) Roger staighcoutof Wal

ye seat ere — srs ona es bassin inthis "
be the toast of the Tradition!

[This mini-tig allows a mige'to‘enter the Digital Wii
either through sensory access or astral immersion (see Mage:
The Ascension, pages 242-243). A character using this gearadds
one to all of her difficulties, due to disorientation. Since there
isn't anything overtly "unreal" about VR sensing, the PVRS is
coincidental to use. The mage can concentrate on only one
world at a time, however; when she's projecting her conscious-
hess into the Net, her mortal hody is completely vulnerable and
mindless. A would-be Webwalker is advised to have someone
covering her back if she plans to go for a spin outside the safety
of her home ot Chantry.]

ee Electrical/Electronic Signal
Inhibiting Pulse Generator
(E/E, Personal Cloaking Device)

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Background Cost 4

With the Technocracy always breathing down your neck,
you need some provisions for privacy. Personally, I consider
Devices that baffle and mislead inquiring minds to be the
ultimate in recreational tech. The Electrical/Electronic Signal
Inhibiting Pulse Generator (a.k.a., the "Easy Pulser," "E-slash-E
or "Personal Cloaking Device") is one such Device.

14 The Technomancer's Toybox

Designed by an Adept named Trekkie (yeah, | know,
know, but what can you do?) in the early 1970s, the first versions
of the Easy Pulser looked like tricorders from you-know-what.
Trekkie still makes the things in fanboy configurations, but now
there are
one without looking like a dork. Most of the variants can be worn
on your wrist or carried on a belt. A few models look like flip-

nough variationson the basic model that youcan carry

phones and fit into a custom pocket for easy concealment. An
Easy Pulser unit operates in two modes, real and virtual, and has
aserial cable that can link you to your computer. In either mode,
the E/E looks the same, sitting on your icon's wrist or belt or in
your virtual pocket.

The E/ESI Pulse Generator makes a person "invisible" by
disrupting any electrical or electronic signals of sensory equip-
ment that might be trained on him at the time. Said sensory

ges ie arenes image ra

eye. When. you sactivate the Easy Pulser, it sep
mbling field that confuses sensory signals. In the real

makes it difficult-to-impossible to see you; in the

extendith oP life span several factors Bit "Oba 1s per-
fectedaportable indefinite-use power cell that'scompatible with

‘the' design.

When used virtually, the Pulser runs off your computer's
power supply. The constant signal redirection uses up so much
processing power, however, that everything you do in Netspace
requires twice the usual time. That's right, kiddies — you're
invisible, but moving at half speed

Even so, this beauty can be worth its weight in dylithium
crystals, Clouding the minds of men — or machines, for that
matter — isa handy talent to have when the Borg comes sniffing
around looking for someone to assimilate. Futile, my ass! Resis-
tance is eternal!

[In realspace, this Device generates an effective Arcane
Background of 4, or adds four to an existing Arcane rating. The

EE has to be turned on (the "Arete" roll) to function and burns

out quickly under heavy surveillance. Aside from those factors,
the "blur" acts in all ways like Arcane (see Mage, pages 130-131).

[In the Web, the E/E sets upa literal invisibility field; in the
weird reality of cyberspace, this Effect is coincidental unless the
mage starts moving things around and hitting people while in
plain sight. An invisible character effectively disappears to all
senses except biological touch, smell and hearing. In other
words, a mage interacting with the Web through a VR set-up and

icon cannot sense the cloaked character in any way. A shaman


Mh Na

let a few of his designs out for, shall

who has stepped sideways and is now running around the Web —_ (see below). Recently, he's
in holistic immersion mode can still touch, smell and hear the _ we say, field testing. Fun, huh?
invisible one normally, however. Many Technocracy sectors Chanter's sneaky symphonies aren't 100% reliable, and
al shifts. It takes a while for

tion + Technology, Dice Pool of 6, difficulty 7), and all Virtual the intricate patterns to have their effect on the human nervous

have scanning Devices that can spota cloaked intruder (Percep- they don't bring on sudden emotiot

Adept sectors do. system, although some animals process that data quicker than we

[Invisibility mode has its price: The shielded character humans do. It usually takes several minutes for a fractal sym-
moves at half the normal speed; any action she performs — _ phonyto work its gentle magic (oris that magick'), although I've
including an attack or dodge — has its Dice Pool split in half heard that Chanter has several top-secret prototypes that can
unless the mage takes extra time to do it. If the mage uses Time turn someone's head around in seconds. If he has, I'd imagine
magick to speed herself up, the Storyteller should roll for a that he's keeping them to himself

Paradox backlash at that point. A successful roll indicates a It takes a pretty good sound system to handle the full range
whiteout; the system crashes and the character is kicked out of of a fractal symphony. Since no self-respecting Adept should
the Web. Otherwise, the mage simply adds another point of have anything less than a 32-bit wavetable emulation sound
Paradox to her total and waits for another backlash board in his rig, those systems set the minimum specs for an

[As usual, an "Arete" roll activates the Device. A botcheds geffestive fractal performance. Anything less plays a simplified

roll discharges the entire Effect at once, — Tenderinglof.the composition, but the song, while interesting,
useless.] : D7) Weeks depth ani significance (translation: It won't do dick)

> = . ‘With a solid state-St- the-art system, though, you can unlock the
++ Fractal Symphonies SERED powes, of these mmghematical symphonies. A 3-Dim

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Baékground Cost 5 "7 Sonographié Sense Factory (see that item's reference listing)

Mathematicians and artists havg studied facials : foredonn" SOnNerts the symphoniesinto fractal sonographic images. That,
cades. For the uninitiated, fractals arelgdts of self'ré Tean tell you from expetience, makes for a hell of a show!

reducing equations that produce col omlerimes: Some 6f MaestroChanter's little ditties include:

repeating patterns. Written dowry these patterns | * The Crescendo Set

wonderful images. Some of these im hack in of then. —YTRIs group of equations creates symphonies that produce
selves, creating a single picture. Others ard spain | " strotig,yactiv@leMotions. The music is loud and gripping, filled

aller with dium cascades and cymbal crescendoes. The end of
BS int Tehaikavskyls 812 Overture is a perfect example of the kind of
panorama of a single theme in ever-smal rTUMerous' Music a Cyéscenddjetation creates.
repetitions. : ePhis set breaks down into three subsets: The Inspirational
The Polish mathematician Ms andelbroR the Subset (Ghristened "The Lincoln Cathedral Overture") insti-
tes courage, pride and patriotism; the Aggression Subset ("the
discover differents sets of fractal equations that produced dill, Skinhead Concerto") evokes anger, hatred and disgust; the
ent types of images. Creating fractal images requires solving Selfishness Subset ("4
thousands of repetitions of a fractal equation and visually plot- "ike fear, greed and lust. Once you're fired up by these arithmeti-

ersions spawn still smaller versions un

jate Grande Serenade") creates emotions

ting the results. Obviously, a computer is an essential tool when cal anthems, it takes a strong will co act in a calm and rational
you're working with fractals. And as we all know, the sky's no manner.
limit when a Virtual Adept starts fooling around with a com- © The Discordant Set
puter. Imagine King Crimson on crack and you've got some idea
Recently, an Adept named Chanter started experimenting of what these braintwisters sound like. Discordant equations
with translating fractal image equations into sound, creating a produce symphonies that cause mental confusion and physical
musical version of fractal images. These mathematical composi- clumsiness. The music itself jumps tempo, key and rhythm in
tions have a lot in common with their visual cousins — they're ways that would make Charles Ives scream and clutch his ears.
complex, self-perpetuating melodies that can go on forever, People who listen to these compositions have a hard time
endlessly repeating a single musical theme in a larger, almost concentrating; they forget what they're doing and where they
symphonic, framework. are, and occasionally even go blank on their own names. Their
Chanter soon discovered that his fra

al music could seri- short-term memory gets sctewed up, and simple mental tasks

ously influence his moods — or the moods of anyone else who turn intoserious chores. Simple physical actions become tougher
happened to hear them. He figured that the mathematical than usual, too. Working a computer or driving a car gets
patterns worked their way into people's synapses, setting a tune difficult. The proverbial walking while chewing gum is out of the
for neurons to dance to. Chanter's early experiments simply question

induced relaxation or frustration; once he figured out what he © The Ballad Set

was doing, the devious bastard began fooling around with the

Symphonies in this set evoke quiet and relaxing emotions.
patterns to see what kinds of emotions he could inspire. In time,

The music is calm and gentle, with soothing melodies and with
a gradual rising and falling of rhythms. These symphonies never

he worked out equations that induced certain emotional effects

Link 1: Virtual Adept Shop 5


NOY All

WZ N

contain harsh passages or percussive beats. Instead, the sounds
flow and flutter like mountain streams and butterfly wings.
These symphonies (which go by names like "The Gossamer
Thread," "Angel's Passage,"
favorite "The Enya Suicide
emotions like

"Lament of Eurydice," and my
Concerto in D Minor") induce

love, sadness and nostalgia, sometimes with a
sure. Angry
listeners cool out and settle into quieter states of mind. Aggres-

heavy dose of introspection thrown in for good me:

sion and conflict don't last long when one of the

+ symphonies
plays in the background, and hysterical people quickly get a
handle on themselves.

[In most cases, the Fractal Symphonies have the same effect
as the Mind 2 Subliminal Impulse rote (see Mage, page 210).
Discordant Set songs also reduce all listeners' Physical Dice
Pools by one die for every two successes scored

[To set the Device in motion, a mage must have a statecof
the-art sound system and willing listeners. As it plays) the sor
acts as an extended magick roll, working its coii@ide
on the listeners over several turns. Assume, chat each song ge
three "Arete" rolls against difficuliy'5; the more suecess
scores, the deeper the mood and the longer it lasts' The sound.
system's owner isnot immune toa symphony's effefts, by the yw

Mind Effects, a Fractal Symphony can be resisted wit
power roll ifthe listener really doesn' =

(K ROM M 7
Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Back,

to do with computers? "By Crom (or is that KROMM2),as a
certain hypersteroidal Schwarzeneggerian might say,
mold beneath my toes!" Groanan has a point: If you take biotech
synthesis to its logical conclusions, there's no reason why a good
Adept couldn't program a fungus. The bandwidth might be a bit
narrow and the processing speed a bit sluggish, but the results, as
we can see, can be pretty damn useful.

The Kaleidoscopic Repigmentation Organic Memory Mod-
ule uses a fungus that's incredibly sensitive to certain narrow
wavelengths of light. This fungus was first discovered by re-
searchers at U.C. Berkeley, butit gotcommandeered forcomputer
use by an Adept named Trixter. When exposed to a laser of the

appropriate wavelength, the fungus instantly changes color,
from a dull green to eithera bright red ora bright blue. The color
change precisely matches the illuminated area, spreading no
more than a nanometer (0.000000001 meter). Better still, the
fungus stays light-sensitive even when dried out and dead.

Trixter sealed the fungus in a case of thin glass and lit it up
with an unthinkably narrow laser heam. The glass case was
constructed to cancel the beam's refraction through cach sur-
face, assuring that the beam would uavel straight through
without deviation. Trixter couldn't quite make a laser beam

small enough to take full advantage of the fungus' sensitivity, but

16 The Technomancer's Toybox

"a plant is

just as much a machine as any other living thing, even if it be thal

the memory system he built with it can store 40 billion bits in a
one millimeter square area. This translates toa storage of slightly
over 4.5 gigabytes. Using a square platform 75mm on a side, a
KROMM stores

Unfortunately, the fungus' sensitivity to light is also its
weakness. Though lasers of the appropriate wavelength can

25.5 terabytes of data

toggle the fungus between blue and red, white light cancels any
color changes and returns the fungus to its original dull-green
color. Exposing a KROMM's memory platform to daylight in-
stantly re-formars it and eradicates any data you might have
stored there. Additionally, the KROMM's laser assembly is
complex and delicate, making it extremely susceptible to dam-
age from unexpected shocks and rough treatment. Lastly, areas
of the fungus that have changed color slowly return to their
natural color, requiring periodic maintenance of the KROMM's

Hence, this isn't really a portable unit, but a stay-at-
afthiyal deck. Trixter and some friends are working to
these problems, and the KROMM is quickly becoming

the hard drive choice among the truly Elite

[Aside from its phenomenal memory capacity, this Device

gets like a ncmal computer module. Its hyper-advanced design

makes the KROMM a te¢hnomagickal item, but it doesn't have
j teally exceptional powers. (See Mage, pages 244-245, for
details about computers.)}

«e Personal

lerebral Translation Onit

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Background Cost 4
The worlthkeeps getting smaller every day. It used to take
ys by wagon,from Boston to Providence. Now we send

~-vast'dmounts of data around the world in a few minutes and put

people in different countries face-to-face in no time. All that
shrinking has made communication more difficult. Lots of people

sdeard English because they have to, but there's no guarantee that

the next face you meet while walking through the Web will
Linderstand what you're saying. The Personal Cerebral Transla-
tion Unit helps make sure that he will

Created by Ubermensch, an Adept in Zurich, this Device is

programmed with over 60 Sleeper languages and over 30 pro-

gramming languages. You "install" the PCTU by swallowing it
Itcomesina huge pill, andonce the coating breaks down, adozen
tiny modules make their way towaed the user's brain, where they
Ives at the direction of the master control

assemble them:

module. This process usually makes you weak, dizzy and vomitous,

but that only lasts a few hours. When finished, the PCTU goes

immediately to work; from that point, you can tum it on and off
with a mental command

Once the unit's up and running, it works automatically. If
you hear something in an unfamiliar language while the PCTU
is active, the unit translates it for you. If you want to respond in
kind, simply flash a mental command to activate the PCTU's
outgoing translation filter. That'll let you speak properly, ifa bit
stiffly, it's self-upgrading: The machine adds new
vocabulary, idioms and slang to its memory as you encounter
them. Best of all, the PCTU translates computer code, too,
allowing a user with access toa program written in one language

Fortunately,


=,

to convert it to another. (That, of course, assumes that both

languages are fairly advanced. Some programming languages just

can't do some things. A Brother WP50 is never going to be able

to shut down NORAD' security grid no matter how skilled the
translator may be!)

Naturally (sigh), nothing's perfect. Extended PCTU use
causes migraines that could cripple Frankenstein's Monster. |
recommend shutting the unit down whenever you're not in
direct communication with someone speaking a foreign lan.

The brainbreaker I had

with some Javanese hackers made a Tequila Sunrise hangover

guage after an extended negotiation

look tame. Also, the translator only works on one languag

a

time; multiple "signals" cause overload, which send your mind
into shut-down mode. Try listening to two or three folks speak

ing different languages at the same time and I gi

day's worth of reflex spasms and muddled thinking. There's also
the paranoia factor to consider: These things go inside your body
and work inside your brain. Where'd they come from? Who built
your unit, and did they install any backdoors that youdon't know
shout? A reputable Unit biodegrades within five days, but I've
heard of variant models that last for a month or more. How long?
Who knows? And who's really pulling the strings on that Unit
anyway? These are all questions worth considering before you
popsome microtech, but they're especially pertinent when we're
talking about something that sits inside your brain. Using a
PCTU's kinda risky t

if your chosen line includes lots of cross

cultural diplomacy, though, this Device beats night classes in

Italian any day

[An "Arete" roll activates the multi-speech function. From

that point on, simply assume thar the mage can converse with

nd understand a wide variety of languages and computer pro-

gramming codes. Naturally, really obscure languages may remain
unintelligible; it's safe to assume that the PCTU "knows" French

and Japanese, but Basque may still be beyond its program.

ect lasts five days, then fades; the new
All other

functions and side effects can be left to roleplaying and

[The translation

e's character sheet

languages are not added to the m

Storytelling.]

+*Rapid Text Stream Data
Reader (Magic 8-Ball

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 6

Everyone knows there are plenty of rotes and Devices to
help a Web-walking Adept find the data she wants. Seekers are
quick and reliable, but they cave when they run into defense

programs. The Hacker's Glance rote sifts through a lot of data
ina short time to find the information you want. What does the

Adept do once she has the data, though? In most cases, she's gotta

read it. If the data is something she needs immediately (maybe
she has to know which "uniform" her icon should be wearing to

fir in with the bulletheads coming around the corner, or perhaps

Link 1: Virtual Adept Shop

IDWS


she's got less than an hour to crack that stubborn security code),

this can be a real problem.

Created by an Adept named Incanta, the Rapid Text
Stream Data Reader is a piece of software that increases a user's
ability to read online data. Incanta loves to read — fiction,
nonfiction, Classic literature, the works. Even though digitizing
books is a relatively new trend for Sleepers, we've been doing it
for years. With so many books online, Incanta created the Data
Reader to help her read as many of them as possible in her short
life span. These days, books get digitized faster than even she can
read them; still, she's happy to keep working toward her goal.

The Data Reader works by firing the text content of afile in
a rapid stream of single words. Instead of being distracted by a
flurry of text, the person reading the file concentrates, albeit
briefly, on a single word at a time. With a little practice, this
technique can double, triple, or even quintuple your normal
reading speed, allowing you to read large amounts of data in
minimal time.

In the Web, the Rapid Text Stream Data Reader looks like a
small black globe with a pair of short, round wires sticking out the
hack; some Adepts call it "The Magic 8-Ball." To use it, you attach
the Reader to a file by inserting the wires into the file's digital

representation. The Reader then displays the file's contents in a
rapid stream on the globe's surface. It has no decryption capabili-
ties, however, and will display encrypted files in a steady barrage of
garbage. If you wanna read encrypted files with this little gadget,

first unscramble them with some other piece of software.

There's a rumor that the Technocracy has turned Incanta's
software into a torture tool. The human brain tends to believe
the things that ithears or sees often enough. This software makes
the brainwashing process more efficient by inundating the target
with a continuum of information. Using video display goggles
that keep the wearer's eyes open and moist, the Technocrats can
feed an endless supply of propaganda into a captured Tradition
mage. If they channel the output through a text-to-speech
converter, the Black Hats can cram propaganda through two
senses at once. That kind of onslaught could crash the strongest
mind, I'll bet, and without access to rat cages or Beethoven's
Ninth. There'ssuch a thing as TMI, my friends, and ifany Device
could deliver that heretical notion better than the Magic 8-Ball,
I don't know what it is

{A successful "Arete" roll sends an impression of thescanned
text directly into the reader's subconscious through a combina-
tion of Multi-Tasking and Subliminal Impulse. The mage
might need to make an Intelligence + Technology roll to absorb
the information correctly, depending on the circumstances and
the complexity of the input. A failed roll causes gobbledygook to
spiral past the viewer, while a botched roll sends the wrong
information. This Device is coincidental to use.]

ee Stage Il Power Glove

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 5
As compact and easy to carry as modern portable computers

are, there are still times when an Adept can't or won't carry his rig.

He might not want to risk his best stuff in a raid ona Technocracy
stronghold; he might have to crawl through sewer pipes to get
where he's going; maybe he just wants to look unprepared so he can

"SS


surprise his opponents. For th
and Elite, the Stage Il Power Glove cor

The Gloves name isa little misleading, since it's not really a

gloveatall. A computer console eight inches long, two inches wide

and half an inch thick wraps across the user's forearm with a pair
of nylon straps. The display is a flexible plastic only a millimeter

thick that rolls into a tight cylinder alor

he computer's top edge

and rolls out to create a screen eight inches wide and four inches

rigid, and

high. Exposure to air makes the plastic of the screen sem

a pair of supports that fold out of the computer's back edge help to

hold it up. The unit's most interesting feature is its pair of
AutoAdapters, one on each end. Each AutoAdapter is connected
toan incredibly thin, retractable cord thatconnectstothe machine's
internal processors. Using a technique involving malleable, elec

trically-conductive plastics, these adapterscan match and interface
with any port and any connector on any Sleeper computer any

where. (That last feature is risky, though, folks, so you wanna make
sure the kiddies aren't watching when you use it! ;A) )

As | understand it, the Stage II Power Glove is the brain
child of Xythlord (he would've chosen Sithlord, but somebody
was already using that name), an Adept who still dreams of
building the ultimate portable computer — one that would go
anywhere, do anything and wouldn't cost a fortune. Two out of
three ain't bad: The machine's expensive — Xythlord's still

working on that part of the equation — but really flexible and
rugged. To the well-groomed Virtual Adept, the Stage II is
essential evening wear. I know plenty of people who have them,
and I'll swear to the unit's versatility

Like most portable computers, the Stage II Power Glove is
limited by its internal power source. Though its hyper-lithium
chlorate battery keeps it running for six hours ata time, you've still
got to plug it into astandard power source to recharge it every once
ina while. The Stage II also earns its nickname — "Dox in a

operations are pretty vulgar when the Stage II is involved, but

Xythlord's working on that bug. According to him, a big-budg
film is underway that'll have every Sleeper in the Western World
convinced that mundane tech is far more advanced than common

good thing or a bad thing;

wisdom admits. I'm not sure if that'

wouldn't that give the Mirrorshades an advantage, too?
Xythlord has nothing to say to that

ove works in

[Aside from its compact nature, the Power
all ways like a Trinary Computer. The universal interface feature
requires an "Arete" roll versus difficulty 6, 7 if un-Awakened
folks are present. In the presence of Sleepers, the Glove's owner
may need to make an "Arete" roll for the Device; a botch

indicates a Paradox backlash — usually a systems freeze or

crash — that must be taken care of before the Glove will work

again.]

« Coalminer's Handy Identity
Randomizing Processor Card
(CHIRP)

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 7

The Digital Age ushered in tons of improvements in commu-

nication, automation, entertainment — and security. A host of


aa ||

(fairly) efficient guard systems has followed in the wake of other
technological improvements. Successful as such systems are, most
companies trust them implicitly. After all, it's pretty hard for the
average thief to break through a state-of-the-art security grid.

Notall intruders are amateurs, though. And for grid-crack-
ers who understand the ins and outs of high-tech systems, their
presence is an open invitation. No ‘cracker ist a good
challenge. One Adept, "Coalminer" by name, loves to duel with
electronic security systems that track the identities of people
enteringa secured area. This passion led him to create Coalminer's
Handy Identity Randomizing Processor Card —a.k.a. "CHIRP,"
or the Randomizer.

an re:

A plain gray plastic card with a magnetic stripe along the top
edge on one side, the Randomizer resembles. standard ATM card.
One comer ofthe CHIRP sports pairof thin wires, which connect
theca toa smal processing uit typically worn strapped fa
wrist. When the card sl
processor unit goes to work, initiating a iw ies
security system controlling the card reader.
people authorized to open the k
chosen identity and pass code from ¢

require only alphanumerical input,
put the card. Coalminer's supposedly)
fool fingerprint and retinal scanners
the process yet. Atthe moment, it's pf
on a good CHIRP; Coalminer's

Device — security system technology

does he. That's the drawback to using 4 OU

into a system more advanced than the ot
counter, the card chokes and you're nailed.

Wits + Security, Computer or Computer Ha
depends on the system: An old, simple system with very few peopl
would be 6 oF 7, while astate-of-the-art grid ona busy system might
be 9 or 10). Once the card has been accepted, a coincidental
"Arete" roll activates the CHIRP. A failure means that the card is
rejected; suc
card and sets off whatever alarms the system employs. In either

ess means it has been accepted. A botch devours the

case, the Device cannot change an intruder's appearance in any
way. The system simply assumes that he is who he says he is and

registers his presence. This is, of course, a useful diversion, espe-
cially if you're trying to get someone else in trouble ("What do you

mean, ‘What was I doing in the president's office at 4:00 A.M....?")]

eee Heisenberg Electron Array
Trinary Processor (HEAT Chip)

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6 (but rare;
see below)

Things around us get smaller, sleeker and more efficient every
day. Portable phones that used to need 10 Ib. battery packs now
weigh afew ounces. Instead of havinga secretary filling out message
pads, people carry pagers that can also keep track of sports scores
and stock quotes. Computers have gone from building-sized mon-

20 The Technomancer's Toybox

set ond

strosities tohand-held dealies that can do things the Sleepersnever
even dreamed of back in the ‘50s. Trinary computers keep getting
smaller, too, but the Heisenberg Electron Array Trinary Processor
will break all barriers and make the next wave of Trinaries the
smallest, fastest, most powerful computers you can imagine.

An Adept named Kaiser showed off his first HEAT chip ina
home-baked system that he showed to some friends at M.L-T. in
1994. The chip usesa regulated electrical charge to keep metal ions
imacarefully maintained array. Each ion hasasingle extra electron,
and careful modulation of the charge moves each electron back
and forth between two positions, making each ion a binary place
holder. The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle enables the chip's
Trinary capacities. According to the principle, you can't precisely
know an electron's position and energy at the same time. Since the
chip always knows the position of each electron in the array, the

energy of each electron is always uncertain. This uncertainty gives
‘ y logic" capability of a Trinary computer.

is el lecericity dissociates a metal atom's elec-

 Bitrrounded fm a non- cluctive shai to eee. it from Bucking

other ionsandijosing ityelectron. This structure, added to the
Schanrel&that bring electricity to each ion, take up a
[times as thuich space as the ion transistors themselves,
ZATMchip's transistors are so small that these
processots havi agleast 10 times the speed and power of ordinary
"GPL: Onceskaiser figures out a better way to protect each
| transistor, evervthis phenomenal speed will be old hat.

nt Theurce7tainey ehat makes the HEAT perfect for Trinary

"bperatiol
vand woral shut-down. Since the chip can never know the exact

s9urce of the chip's main problem: overload

energy ofeabhielectron in the array, extended use traps residual
electridityimeach transistor, building the energy of e:
tron higher and higher. After around two hours of continuous
ise, the unit overloads and shuts down. An overloaded HEAT
Chip can be reset, but the process isa real pain in the ass and takes,

ich elec-

‘almost as long as building a new one from scratch, Some Adepts
have tried different cooling systems, but none has improved the
processor's operating time.

Kaiser and a handful of close Adept friends build every
HEAT chip by hand. They keep the process as secret as they can,
and the chips have a tendency to explode when someone other
than Kaiser orone of his buddies takes them apart. The Technoc-
racy would love to get its hands on Kaiser; HIT Marks and other
equipment outfitted with stable HEAT chips would be real
nightmares for the rest of us. The Black Hats' attempts to kidnap
Kaiser have only driven him so far underground that the Devil
Word is that the Men In Black got

shares his mailing address
some of Kaiser's notes when they raided his old lab, but their data
is incomplete. (My bet is that they're dummy docs, too; Kaiser's
not stupid enough to leave sensitive specs where the Borg can
find them.) The Technocratsare on the lookout for Kaiser or any
HEAT chips they can get, so Adepts who have one should shut
the fuck up about that fact. Ifa chip needs work, a quiet message
on the right boards (and those of you who know know what those
boards might be) is usually enough to get his attention.


IDK

a

[For all intents and purposes, the chip simply allows a

T 2

character to use a really fast, really small Trinary computer. All
particulars can be left to Storytelling. (See Mage, page 245, for
more details.)]

e+e Magnatronic Ill VASD
Computer

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Bac!
rare; see below)

round Cost 6 (but very

the world
ture computers is the Magnatronic III Voice Activated Spectacle

Another Virtual Adept advancement i minia-

Display Computer. The most elite compact computer we know of,
the Magnatronic III isa rare beast. No more than 10 of them exist,
and these few are all carefully and jealously guarded by their owners

The Magnatronic III is the size of an average pager and is
designed to hang from the user's belt. Voice commands activate all
ofthe machine's applications and utilities. The computer delivers its
output to a pair of specially-designed shades through an ultraviolet
wavelength transmitter. Most ofthese display specsire mirrorshades,
but] know ofat least wounits that transmit their read-outstoregular

eyeglasses with polarized lenses (you can see out but no one can see

in). The Magnatronic III comes equipped with a miniature version

of the Cosmic Communications Package, allowing it to commune

with other computers through their modems. Since the hardware
lacks a standard data and program port (it's kinda hard to pop a disc
into a pager), the Cosmic Communications Package software is
hard-wired into the Magnatronic III unit. That way, you can
download software from other machines. A simple LCD display and

several small buttons allow the Magnatronic III to display small

amounts of text if the glasses are unavailable — this makes the unit

look more like a pager and less like a computer

No one knows who invented the Magnatronic II] VASD
Computer, but word on the street is that it came from the
workshop of the great Dante himself. If Dante did invent the
machine, no one knows why he won't take credit for it, since the
rig's Eliteness is obvious. Rumor holds that each of the known
Magnatronic IIIs came to their owners under mysterious circum:
stances, without any indication of their origin. Some Adepts
think the Magnatronic IIIs are a clever Technocracy ploy to get
information on the Adepts, but if that's true, no one | know of
has seen any proof. Still other rumorsclaim that the Magnatronic
Ills were the first experiments of an Adept named James
McPherson, the man who created the MEGA Pen (see listing

The Magnatronic III suffers from power source problems
but its small size means that its compact battery can keep it
running for up to a nine-hour stretch. It comes with a special
cradle that plugs into a wall outlet, and the computer sits in the

cradle to recharge. Thanks to the increasingly widespread con-

ceptof voice-activated computers, and the fact that the user's the

only one who can see the display, magick performed with the

Magnatronic III is almost always coincidental. Since everything
on the unit works through voice-activation, a new user has to
spendat least three hours attuning himself to the computer, and
vice versa. This demands a few hours of "conversation" — the
user speaks, watches the computer display interpret his speech

patterns, then "conditions" it to accept his voice (and his voice

Link 1: Virtual Adept Shop

NG 4

WN

alone) by pressing the appropriate button on the machine's
LCD. When the unit has keyed a perfect match, it's ready to go:
From that point on, any other user must reprogram the
Magnatronic III with her voice if she wants it to work ar all
Commands that have not been "cleared" will not be accepted

[Another hyper-advanced Trinary computer, the
Magnatronic III contains a package that allows it to transmit
signals to any machine that uses radio waves. Hence, the com-

puter can also function asa cellular phone, remote control, radio
or modem. Changing functions requires a little work (a turn or
more) anda Wits + Technology roll (difficulty 6 for close targets,
7 for ones nearby, 8 to transmit more than a block, 9 for a half-
mile, and 10 for a mile, the Device's maximum range).

[Aside from its transmitter package, the Magnatronic works
like a very small, very portable, voice-activated Trinary deck. Its
advanced nature makes it susceptible to crashing when an un-
Awakened mortal tries to use it ("Arete" roll, difficulty 8 to avoid
dumping the deck). All other particulars can be handled through

Storytelling and roleplaying.]

«ee Pandora's Random Electrical
Transference Inducer
(the Pretty Gun)

Arete 4, Quintessence 6 (see below), Background Cost 7

Weapons, weapons, weapons. With Iteration X and the
Void Engineers so hot on our tails, any Virtual Adept has to be

22 The Technomancer's Toybox

ready to fight. Being the resourceful bastards that we are, we've

got all manner of rotes, toys and Sleepertech at our disposal. All
the same, someone's always on the lookout for something bigger,
better and badder

Pandora's Random Electrical Transference Inducer
(PRETI), nicknamed the "Pretty Gun," came out of some
experiments with electrical weaponry performed by an Adept
in Chicago. Starting with a mundane taser, Pandora increased
the weapon's range and prepped it to fire electrical discharges
from a distance. Named with our customary irony, the Pretty
Gun is a mean-looking snub-nosed pistol bristling with a
crown-like arrangement of stubby spikes at the business end.
The gun fires a blue globe of energy (yeah, I guess you could call
it "pretty," too); when that globe strikes its target, out comes a
sparkling blue tendril thar taps into the nearest source of
electrical power. Once it establishes the link, the globe drains
the power source and channels that electricity into the unfor-
tunate target. The bigger the source, the worse it hurts. A strong
enough source can fry aman to ashes. If the power source is one
that can't be drained (e.g., a wall socket), the connection
channels electricity into the target for five seconds, then
overloads and pops. If there isn't a source of electrical power
close by, the target suffers a moderate jolt of electricity that

causes slight pain and disorientation

This weapon is equipped with an interface cable that lets
you take it into the Digital Web. When used there, the gun
Since the Digital Web is itself an

retains its normal appearance.


. al

7

endless construct of electrical energy, populated by icons created

of electrical energy, the PRETI functions a bit differently there
When the gun's energy globe strikes its target, it sends out
hundreds of tiny tendrils that absorb electricity directly from the
Web and channel it into the target ina very short, very intense,
burst. This attack can easily de-rez an icon, and it can toast the
living hell out of anyone who has physically or holistically
projected himself into the Web. T
noticeable drain on the Web in a large area, which can call

hlast produces a slight but

c

attention to you if you're not careful. Because it draws most of its
power from the surrounding Web, the gun doesn't work well in
1 Restricted Sector. In these areas, all shots act as though they
were fired too far from an appropriate source of power in the
physical world.

The PRETI Gun uses a battery pack that slots into the

pistol's grip. This pack gives the gun six shots before it dr

nsand

has to be replaced. The gun's maximum range is only about 50
yards, anda source of power must be within five yards of the target

for the weapon to have its full effect. If you use a Pretty Gun, keep

some distance between you and your target — the gun's owr

battery pack could serve as a source of power for the electrical
transfer; if any shots remain, the transfer will drain your power
pack. I've heard rumor that some Void Engineers have become
familiar with the weapon's function and have taken to carrying

around powerful watch batteries to pull the gun's teeth. The

Pretty's a useful toy ro have, but like most sharp swords, you've

got to beware of its double edge

[In realspace, this gun is vulgar; the "Arete" difficulty,
PRETI's initial blast is pretty

only one normal Health Level per success. The real

therefore, would be 7. The
minor
kick comes when the lightning ball connects with a power

source. In most cases, the discharge inflicts the usual Forces

mage in addition to the shock from the initial blast. If a really

s power reserve — like a generator, electric fence, power cable,
etc. — happens to be nearby, the damage can be pretty ungodly

Dependingon the source and circumstances, the Storyteller may

multiply the usual damage by two (six Health Levels would

become 12, for example), or simply add a few Health Levels to

the total as she sees fit. Note: To "coincidentally" have such a

source within reach, a mage would have to create it first, unless
it already existed in that spot

[In the Web, a PRETI is considered coincidental (diffi
culty 6). The

Restricted Sectors, in which it deals out half its usual damage

n inflicts normal Forces damage, except in
Paradox backlashes — in or out of Webspace — tend to fry the
gun's user instead of the target. A character with Forces can

attempt to redirect the ball of lightning as it streaks toward him;

a successful countermagick roll sends the ball careening into a
nearby power source, leaving the target unharmed. Otherwise,

the victim takes damage normally.]

Link 1: Virtual Adept Shop

Ni

ILS ZZ


"4

ll "7 NS

NG Ail

eee 3-Dim Sonographic
Sense Factory

Arete 3, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost 6
Better graphics and faster applications aren't the only
things to come out of the more powerful processors of today's
computers. The creation and manipulation of sound can be just

as important. Music soothes the savage beast, and the creation of
music soothes the savage hacker — if she's got a musical mind,
that is.

An Adept with the handle "Terpsichore" created early
prototypes of the Sonic Sense Factory by tinkering with the
shitty sound boards available in the early ‘90s. Making improve-
ments here and there, she increased the power of the boards,
adding the ability to handle multiple sound channels, duplicate
real instruments and interface with normal stereo equipmenge
She showed some of her designs to sound card mapa r

and the general quality of computer music slo}
Despite Terpsichore's work, sound st
stepchild of the computer busineS3§\MBB' cares what
like as long as it looks good? (The etgegal battle offeraphics ¥

‘know.) When 128-bit videp cards wefe introduced,

sound, r
Terpsichore used their architecture athe basigf Stat
card, This card's power gave her (Mews Sesie Fah

capability than its earlier generationgy,

architecture intended for visual it
written to produce sound created som
time she tested her new creation, ther
s sculpted from th

sounds her cot

of both light and sound, these image:

Beis

named her new songs sonographic images, or Say

ons — but they're really cool. There's an awesome beauty ii
sound literally made flesh. Marianna of Balador has a few Sense
Factories installed in various places around her Realm, and she
claims that the entrancing song-dances can inspire Seekings in
mages who seem inclined to go searching for themselves. When
a Sense Factory's SIs combine with fractal symphonies, the
results are truly fucking amazing. Terpsichore's doing her best to

make the 3-Dim Sonographic Sense Factory widely available on
the mortal market, but the high cost of the set-up system makes
it a rich man's toy for now. Chanter and Terpsichore
supposedly gotten together to see what else they can do for
computer music; an impromptu gig at Balador filled Altua's
Arena to capacity. (1 missed it, myself, but heard great things

have

about it.)

{A normal "Arete" roll activates the Device; if it isn't made,
the soundboard balks and nothing happens. If it succeeds, a
Forces 3 Effect amplifies the sound waves, splits them into equal
sets and shifts one set of sound waves into light waves — a
complex operation, but not an overpowering one. Even so, a
clever player could put an interesting spin on such a Device,
disorienting or distracting her opponent with a sudden light

show.

24 The Technomancer's Toybox

SOuneS)

[When the bullets aren't flying, a sonographic system can
add a whole new dimension (literally!) to parties, Seekings,
seductions and meditations. For the most part, this Device's
effects should be left to Storytelling and roleplaying — it's more
a source of atmosphere than of destruction. An appropriate
"light symphony" could reduce — or raise! — a player's Social
roll difficulties by changing the atmosphere to suit (or under-
mine) her purposes. A really chaotic light show might add

penalties toa character's Perception attempts, too; imagine how
distracting Rage Against the Machine could be if each tone
became a light-wave.

[The 3-Dim Sonographic Sense Factory is not an indepen-
dent, hand-held unit. It can only generate sonographic images if
its computer is connected to a state-of-the-art stereo system.
Even without this output, the Factory uses a highly advanced
sound card and MIDI sequencer. Creating sonographic images is

VusuallyWbigar magick, since nothing in the mundane world is
"even rem fieapable of this sort of thing. An elaborate light

‘system == sttobeblights, Jasers, mirror globes and smoke

Bs inléss—can "explain™the dancing patterns; "light sympho-

Ties" that come from nowhere, however, are pretty vulgar.|

\Living" Computer

genée 15, Background Cost none (sold
see below)

Ye computer and video games. We all do.
€awls, shoot-outs and strategic world-
e new opiate of the masses. Most games

encour,

skills

mputer and video game company, one ofa handful of business
fentures funded by everybody's favorite hackermagi. An Adept
named Josephine runs this company ofa half-dozen "employees"
and has become the driving force behind the games that the
company sells. Despite the quality of their products TDR isn't a
household name. Granted, this has a lot to do with the small size
of the company and its limited distribution network. It has more
to do, however, with the Technocracy
agenda in the video game market

and their own covert

It's no secret that the Black Hats hype computer and video
games that focus kids' natural aggressions and frustrations into
mindless orgies of video slaughter. Iteration X and the NWO use
fight gamesasa kind of preschool for virtual Rambos, developing
the kids' reflexes and bloodlust through a barrage of "fight or die"
scenarios. Josephine's games do just the opposite. TDR games
make players think on their feet, change the way they solve
problems; the games, in turn, learn how the players think, and
force them to come up with more creative and inventive solu-
tions. Powered by low-level magickal Effects, these games are
incredibly responsive and seem almost intelligent. The video
games — which include Eagle Talon II, Vampire Stalkers and
Cyborg Rage — operate in one- ot two-player mode. The com-


YN

puter games — Cubicle Carnage, Master's Challenge and Ratman's
Delight — include options for solo play, network play and online
play. (The latter is by far the most enjoyable because, in online
mode, you can interact with dozens of other players across the
al Adepts. Wah-hoo!) An end-user

world —includinga few Virt
who plays the video game, or who buys a VR helmet to go with
one of the computer games, experiences a level of interaction
that seems impossible. Some users say they literally feel, smell
and taste the game environment — notalways the most pleasant

experience (especially in the case of Ratman's Delight), but one

ID. WW

that most gamers find impossible to resist

TDR games aren't just wake-up calls for vid-addicts —
they're recruiting tools, too. Yousee, we Virtual Adepts keep tabs
on the online users; a really promising candidate might receive
a special set of challenges. TDR monitors the player's physical
and mental responses to the game environment. If it seems like
she's skirting along the Awakening, TDR tabs her and tracks her
for future reference. Each of the video games contains a Cosmic
Communications Package that transmits similar information to

he

TDR's computers. If the user reaches certain "cookie level
tracking systems trip and broadcast the game's location tonearby
TDR monitors; they, in turn, send the game a few new kicks and
see how the player responds. Those who do well are noted for
later recruiting drives.

The Technocracy isn't happy about TDR' inroads into the
game industry. They trash the games in magazine reviews, buy up
all the copies of a given game, ban certain "ultraviolent" ma-
chines or sic their pet politicians on the gaming industry as a
whole. I know of at least one Technocracy spokesman who's
appeared on tabloid teevee shows claiming that TDR's games
cause mental breakdownsand hysteria. As usual, the bulletheads

have had mixed results: Some gamers get scared away, but others
(who usually exhibit the perfect Virtual Adept mindset in the

figure

first place) are drawn to the forbidden games.

[Designed for Sleepers, these powerful Devices handle all of
their functions themselves. TDR cartridges and discs don't

actually give their users any magickal powers; rather, they send

streams of vivid impressions through the TV screen and directly

intoa player's mind. If that player happens tobe markedly skille
or insightful, the cartridge sends a special signal to a satellite
relay — a signal that alerts the folks at TDR to a promising
recruit

[An "Arete" roll stimulates the special impressions. Some-
times they work, sometimes they don't. These sensations exist
completely in the user's mind. Given the suggestive powers of
normal television sets (proven in lab tests to induce low-level

trance states), TDR games are completely coincidental.]

eee Digital Dollz
20, Background Cost 8

Sometimes real people are more trouble than they're worth.

Arete 4, Quintessenc:

For you, the shy boy (or girl) with discerning tastes, we offer the
Digital Doll, a virtual companion that you build to order
Digital Dolle started as a spare-time project when an Adept
named Roland combined Al programming ("artificial intelli
gence," for all you trogs) with polygonal graphics and CGI

Link 1: Virtual Adept Shop 25


(computer graphic imaging) movement models. As you can

imagine, Roland's a perv — his first experiments centered
around chesty chicks with no brains and cybertrash tastes. He
showed off the prototype to a few friends and when one of them
(who shall remain nameless for his own dignity) spent lots of

by, our little Doctor Frankenstein

time with Roland's new
realized that he might have a gold mine on his hands (no pun
intended). More advanced generations followed; the most re:
cent of them might just as well be people — dumb people, but

people nonetheless — if they existed outside Webspace

OLAS

Digital Dollz come in all shapes, sizes and personalities,
male, female and otherwise. Across the board, they're pretty
stupid, but most of the folks I know who set them up aren't
interested in deep chat. Roland's software lets you program a
companion of either sex and any race. The specificsare up to you
The program allows for custom tailoring, or for random-genera
tion for the truly brave and jaded. Other configuration features

include intelligence level, topics of interest and sexual ag

sion. Once configured, the software creates a highly advanced Al
and icon —a virtual person. From that point on, youcan interact

rough

with your digital companion on your computer screen, t

VR gear or, with the right version of the software, in the Web

This program really shines when you meet your dream date
inthe Web. Face to face, these icons are as full-sized and perfectly
rendered as any real person. As long as the program's engaged,
your Doll acts according to her (or his) personality profile. In

Webspace, a Doll exhibits full tactile and sensory feedback, too.

A side from an unusually vacuous personality, she's as real as any
traveler's icon.

But Danger, Will Robinson, Danger. Those of you with
fantasies of virtual Rambos or Xena-clone bodyguards — be
forewarned that Digital Dollz are just that: dolls. They're con

structs, and flimsy ones at that, m: for pleasure, not for

ned for combat situations, and

it crashes if you so much as slap your plaything. In slow-tactile
contacts, a Doll has got a lover's touch; high-stress system shock

shuts the program down and weapon inserts are for decoration

you're

only. In short, don't put a Digital Doll at your back
expecting anything heavier than a good back massage
irls alike

rams — the ones you get from Roland and me, of

The hest pre

course — allow you to connect your playmate to an online
database for stimulating conversations. Lesser shareware boots a

Doll's

sponse sets (which make for pretty boring pillowralk). All

mind" into easy-access websites or pre-programmed re

configurations must be set before you enter Webspace. Once you
and your Dollare face-to-face, the only interactions she'll accept
are, let's say, mutual

[Three important things to remember

¢ A Doll exists only in the Web; it has no substance

1 from
1

whatsoever in material reality and cannot be transferre:

cyberspace to realspace. (See Mage, pages 242-244, for detai
bout the Digital Web and Net icons.)

© A Dollz "personality" is a construct drawn from data
hases, hypertext links and a limited Al simulation program. It

acts in extraordinarily limited ways and reacts alonga limited set

26 The Technomancer's Toybox


of parameters. Although there are rumors of Dollz "growing"
their own personalities, this is not the rule. The truth behind the
tales is left to the Storyteller's discretion. (She, however, can
have as much fun with the "character" as she wants.)

¢ Dollz have no combat abilities, magickal talents or
damage resistance. They're illusions — very realistic ones with
tactile components, but illusions nonetheless. Any form of
trauma — including a whiteout Paradox backlash — makes the
Doll disappear. Until it is activated again (see below), the icon

ceases to exist.

[Aside from these considerations, a Digital Doll appears as
real as any other Net icon. In story terms, it can act like a
character, albeit a stupid one with limited interests. The player
and Storyteller should create the Dollz' image and personality
template before the new "character" enters play. Either person
can play the Doll once it's up and running. Web veterans ¢

recognize a Doll icon for what it is with a successfuL, Réteep

up, the icon lasts until the user either/exits the
Doll program down or falls victim ta/@jParadox

Doll itself is coincidental, but a botched A reg" roll

the Dollasa lastingcharacterin Web seem
to be "created" every time the player
Web, but a character just the same.]

*
Don't you just hate it when company arrives unexpectedly?

And isn't it even worse when they wear black suits? It's bad
enough when you're at home. Things really suck if you've gone
out for a nice night of companionship and return home to find
that robbers, enemies or Men in Black have turned your crib into
clearinghouse, a romper-room ot a trap.

Knowing the importance of pestcontrol,adude named Loki
whipped up this elaborate home security system and now offers
ittoall his "friends." A collection of well-aimed microguns, stun-
cannons, sensors and power chips slaved to a Trinary PKIL V
minideck and a Tass battery, the Ragnaroc System ke
on your pad while you're away. Meanwhile, a hand-portable
display unit links you to the sensor array so you can check on
things back home. A custom set-up option allows you to program
in body heat, fingerprints, pattern-recognition coordinates or all

of the above; this way, your cat won't trip the system by mistake.
The scanners will ignore patterns they're been set to recognize,
but go off if a new pattern enters without authorization.

This great little system's got three settings: "Observation,"
which scans the area with multi-level sensory gear and triggers a
silent alarm to warn you if someone breaks in; "Penetration,"

which sends a non-lethal pulse-grid rippling through the area,

~ Tast-ditch trap

knocking out anyone who might be standing in the wrong place;
and "Extermination," which essentially begins World War IIL,
home-style. Hidden laser guns literally pop out of the woodwork
(and tile work, and furniture, and wherever else you happen to
install ‘em), take aim and blow the living hell out of uninvited
guests. Tracking systems (integrated into the main sensors) lock
onto anyone standing, sitting, kneeling or praying and send him
off to the Great Beyond. The guns won't stop shooting until the
power system runs down, the house bums down, or every living
thing in the location falls down — dead

The big problem with the Ragnaroc System is its lethality;
"Penetration" just stuns the trespassers, though; they'll wake up
soon enough none the worse for wear. If it's set to kill, the
system'll wreck the house. Now, if you're one of those folks who
doesn't mind trashing his crashspace to make a point, that's not

toward spontane
Ragnaroe's a great it

combustion. As far as I'm concerned,
for home monitoring and a fantastic

unless you're expecting nasty company, how-
thingseton "Observation," not "Extermination."

Po

|One perception Effects from the Corre-
Prime and Time Spheres scan the area,
patterns and responding to alien ones
effective Perception + Technology Dice
spot most intruders at difficulty 6.
rast: A linked Correspondence Effect sends signals
a.hand-held monitor carried by the system's owner, while a
, the

ed Forces Effect maintains a silent alarm. This w:
"Virtual Adept can check back home periodically
© Stun Grid: When the alarm goes off, a light Forces Effect
sends out a stun grid. Anything standing over three-feet-tall
receivesa non-lethal charge of six normal Health Levels per turn
until it either falls down, leaves or ducks for cover beneath the
grid. This damage can be soaked, and leaves no permanentharm.
The grid lasts five turns and uses one Quintessence per turn.
© All-Out War: Things get ugly when the hidden guns pop
out and start blasting. The Device has an effective Dice Pool
of 8. Although the system targets moving objects over stationary
ones, anything in the room is fair game. Each turn, the blasters
let loose a barrage. Every living thing in the arca suffers one
attack roll; if it hits, the target takes six lethal Health Levels of
normal damage; if it misses, the target got lucky this turn; if it
botches, the weapons system burns out and flatlines. War mode
consumes two points of Quintessence per turn and destroys the
area. Most systems include a self-destruct feature, which deto-
nates for 10 Health Levels of fire damage when the Quintessence
runs out or the system crashes.
{A Virtual Adepr with the hand-monitor and the code
sequence can shut down any function in the Ragnaroc array

Link 1: Virtual Adept Shop

WK


NO Ail

before it becomes terminal. Assume that the Monitor and
Broadcast features work without an "Arete" roll; Storytellers
may wish to roll the Device's "Arete" to trigger the damaging
Effects, however. Paradox backlashes short out the system; if the

Ragnaroc has a self-destruct setting, this could be a problem....]

eee Trusty Wrist-Onif Rote
Processor (TWORP)

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 9
We've all seen those sleek little wristwatch calculators that
were so trendy a while a

0. Although they may have passed out
of fashion for Sleepers, many Adepts still wear ‘em and use
‘em — often more than one at a time. In the hands of someone
who knows what she's doing, those wristwatches can do a lot
more than perform simple math and store a few dozen phone
numbers. A lot more

Take the Trusty Wrist-Unit Rote Processorfor example.
With just four small buttons and a display withtthree lines of 10
characters, this unit can manage amage's schedule, record upto:
2,048 names, addresses and phone numbers, and send and
receive simple text messages (sending requires connecting it tO
acellular phone). The TWURP's most importantetearureyhow?
ever, is storing and casting rotes.

The TWURP works much like a Magickal MacroKeyboard
see Digital Web), in that it stores rotes and later releases them
at the touch ofa button. A special cable¢onmeers to a computer's
serial port and allows you to take a virtual copy StyoursdW URP.
with you into the Digital Web. To use it, youdown load your rore
into the TWURP and set a button to release it Adl results and
possible Paradox are resolved when the rote isifelea'ed, rather
than when itis cast. A TWURP can store up to fourrotes ar 6tice;
but the unit's limited abilities make stored spells a bit'more
difficult to use than "fresh" ones. The TWURP'S got definite
ceiling problems, too; really sophisticated programs (rotes, for
the clueless) are wo-advanced for the current model's perfor-

mance capacity. In short, you can't use really powerful
technomagick with one of these things. Still, it's a handy toy to

have around

Mercanto, the Hacker of Venice, is credited with the
creation of the first TWURP. Mercanto always complained that

his Magickal Macro Keyboard was too bigand unwieldy, drawing

unwanted attention and questions. Despite the unit's limita-
tions, he's proud of his creation. The TWURP makes it easy to
carry ready-to-go rotes into any situation. It'sa hell of a lot faster
to push a button and send a spell flying than it is to work out the
program under fire. Granted, the unit's performance limits the
kinds of rotes you can store, bur still, there are a lot of nasty
surprises that a clever Adept can pack into his wristwatch

[A TWURP stores up to four rotes; each spell can be used
only once, and must come from the first through fourth levels —
fifth and sixth rank Effects cannot be stored. The programmed
rotes must be input by a Virtual Adept, or by a mage familiar with
their magickal style; other metaphysical approaches are incom

patible with the Device's configuration. In other words, Dante

28 The Technomancer's Toybox

could set a few of his favorite tricks into a player character's
TWURP, but Heasha Morninglade could not.

[The Device "casts" the stored spells with its own "Arete,"
not with the wearer's or programmer's Arete rating, Each casting
discharges point of Quintessence, but the Device cannot spend
any additional Quintessence to reduce a magick roll difficulty
The stored rotes might be cast in coincidental or vulgar ways
it's the wearer's call. Any Paradox that comes up adds to the
user's total pool. Paradox backlashes go against the Device first,
although the wearer might be caught in the fallout. Although a
mage with a TWURP can use Effects that would normally be
_ he cannot cast magick as though he had a

outside his rang
higher Sphere or Arete rating
[The TWURP's minor features can be taken care of with

roleplaying and Storytelling.]

seess Compact Hypergeometric
Organization and Purification
Processor (The Chopper)

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 10

There'snathing likéa good virgin — Virgin Web, that is.
Forthe cephalopods among us, Virgin Web's what we call an area
‘of netspace that hasn't been claimed with a format. Adepts, It
Mer Void Enginéersjtandom hackmagi and a couple of Her-
metic Thigs have divided the Web up so badly that despite its
theorcticallysnfinite size, the Web is pretty heavily formatted.
Hence, Virgin Web is harder to find than a 30-something who
hasn't seen Rocky Horror.

A brilfiantithick named Jackal canie up with a creative
Solution to this problem. As a kid, she hacked her school
comput¢® t0 ¢hange her grades and her parents' bank computer
to pay,their mortgage. Asa teen, she broke software encryption

and pirated games for her friends. A few years later, she devel-

ped techniques for decompiling programs, reducing them from

finished product to source code. From there, she could modify

them in any way she wanted. Shortly after that, she met us.
Jackal was.asmart kid. When she he

Virgin Web, she decided it would be easier to make more of it

ard about our search for

than to find more of it. There's an old joke about earning your
virginity back. Jackal took the joke to a technological conclu-
he Web as a large construct of formatted

sion. Envisioning

storage space and compiled programs, she applied her decompiling
and re-formatting techniques to the Web, to see if she could
und Theoretically, this would restore a

portion of the Web to its virgin state and allow her to re-format

a sector's imprint

the area to her own specs in the bargain. That way, Jackal could
decompile areas of the Web out from under the Void Engineers

and re-format it for the Adepts, hurting the steelskulls while

A woman with a mission, Jackal

boosting the VAs' prestig
designed and built the Compact Hypergeometric Organization
and Purification Processor, affectionately nicknamed "the Chop-

per."


_
nl
=,
—

J:

The Chopper looks like a large keyboard curved around the
surface of a dark glass sphere. The keyboard houses eight Pentium
processors that have been Trinary-graded and fine-tuned to
operate at over 300 MHz. The dark globe serves as a display
screen for someone using the keyboard, but glows with a pulsing
green light when performing its true function.

Given the processing load she'd need to decompile and re-
format the Digital Web, Jackal decided not to use a virtual copy
of the Chopper, since going through a VR connection would
slow it down. Using Virtual Talisman Transmogrificati
(check out the Virtual Adept rote database for specs), s
brought the Chopper into the Web, converting its physical form
into an energy construct. Then she tumed on the machine and
got to work. Jackal stood at the edge of a Technocracy Restricted
Sector, placed the Chopper's sphere against it and started the

decompiling process.

Nobody's really sure what happened next. We doikfiow that
everyone in the Sector got dumped; most hadvheadaches for
weeks and a few died from the shock. The whole Sector flickered
and faded; cracks appeared in virewal/Walls/and lightaing forked
down from the virtual sky. This wenton for a few moments; then
suddenly, every Formatted Sector in the Web raglg like a gong.
Jackal and the Chopper disappeared ina big whiteout, Some say
Jackal got burnt by the defenses of the Technoeracy Sector that
she was trying to rub out. Other folks —wholaim thatthe Web
is alive and aware — think that the Web woke itself up and
knocked Jackal silly.

So where'd this model come from I hear you wale? a¢kal
built several different Chopper generations before she went out
toplay. I've got a few of them available ifyouwanethem. | warn
you — they're really unpredictable. Me, I'm not trying the ching
out, but you might be able to work out enough bugs to make the
Chopper a viable, if risky, Webspinner.

[A combination of heavy duty Prime, Correspondence and
Forces Effects leap into action when the Chopper's "Arete" roll
comes up winning. The difficulty ishigh (7), the shock is intense,

and the results are spectacularly destructive. Each success
dumps — erases — 10 meters (roughly 35 feet) of formatted
space. In the Web, this is effectively the same as firing a rocket

into the side of a building.

[For simplicity's sake, assume that a portion of the site is
demolished. Anyone in the blast area must soak one Health
Level for every success the Chopper achieves. This damage isn't
aggravated, but it can kill you. The shock travels back into the
material world; if the blast victim was wired into Webspace at the
time, his real body suffers hemorrhages and sensory overload.
[The Chopper drains three points of Quintessence from its
reserve each turn. The Storyteller should roll for a Paradox
backlash whenever the Device is activated, even if the "Arete"
roll is successful — this monster shunts around a lot of power in

an unstable environment! A botch accumulates double the usual
amount of Paradox, and it will probably have a really nasty effect
on anyone standing too close to the Chopper....]

QMcPherson's Eternal

Greatness Assured Pen
(MEGA Pen)

Arete 5, Quintessence 30, Background Cost N/A

Though the search for smaller and more efficient Devices
continues every day, it may be that the smallest possible fully-
functional computer that can be built already has been. Billed as
the ultimate in computer portability, only one MEGA Pen was
ever made, and no one knows whether or not it still exists. This

unique item mysteriously and magickally wraps all of the nece:
sary features of a Trinary computer into a package no larger than
a Montblanc pen, borrowing and improving upon the advances
that make other miniature Trinaries possible.

The MEGA Pen was created by James McPherson. A cousin
Ofitheslegendary Euthanatos Michael "Firecracker" McPherson,
James refusedito take a handle, preferring to be known by his real
name. McPhersoniworked with Kaiser after that Virtualite created
the HEAT chip (seelisting). With that innovation in his clip,
James worked up a HEAT processor for his own ultimate portable
computer. The MEGA Pen contains a miniaturized KROMM
unitytoo (seelisting); thatpackage uses two round memory platters
‘6mm in diameter,giving this computer a 250 gig storage capacity.
An ultra-miniaturized/ version of the Cosmic Communications
Package is hardwired into the Pen too, allowing it to communicate
with radio transmitters and receivers, modemsand cellular phones.
All'of chePei's applications are activated and manipulated by
voice command, a fact that leads some Adepts to think that
MePherson also created the Magnatronic II] VASD Computer
(see listing)! Whete che writing end of a pen would be, the MEGA
Pen.cofitains a laser projector that creates a computer display on
any conyenient flat surface.

When McPherson first revealed the Pen to his fellow
Adepts, he refused to divulge the nature of the unit's power
source, calling it his "little secret." Whatever the source, the Pen
needs no external power. Some folks think the MEGA Pen is
somehow connected to the primal energy of the Digital Web
itself, but all experiments along those lines have failed.

Unfortunately, McPherson isn't around to answer ques-
tions about his masterpiece. Shortly after his first demonstration
of the MEGA Pen's abilities, a Paradox fire tore through his lab
and destroyed everything. Nothing the firefighters could do
would quench the flames. Though the fire stayed contained in
McPherson's workspace, it totally gutted it and the fire burned
itself out once everything was consumed. They never found a
body, though, and some Webslingers have reported meeting an
icon of a man on fire, carrying a large pen that seems to do
amazing things. If McPherson somehow transported himself
physically into the Web to escape the fire, he doesn't seem to be
telling anyone about it, and he's obviously trying to lie low.

[The Pen combines all the features described under the
appropriate listings into one self-powered, hypercompact unit.
Its functions are vulgar, even in the Web, which may account for
McPherson's fate.]



Link 2:

The Etherites

Eccentric science is that branch taught in no university
producible results, favoring

curriculum, which rejects the im

instead the impressionistic approach: it propounds what ought to be right

Whereas eccen in their art, eccentric

scientists use the worldit he physical universe
to satisfy their creative impulses
Dr. David Weeks and Jamie James, Eccentrics: A Study of

Sanity and Strangeness

| wanna dedicate this area to some personal friends of mine — the Sons and Daughters of
Ether. Oh, sure, some of you probably dismiss them because they seem silly; while most of us
stay wrapped in some Gothic pity-party, the Etherites fly around in impossible ships, strap
themselves into Victorfan wonder machines, smoke silly pipes and generally make a mockery
out of all that is sullen and serious.

That's why | like them so much.

There's nothing quite as subuversive.as:the refusal of cynicism. When everyone around you
is dressed in black and dripping'hostility, what could be more subversive than to dress in
bright, bold colors and run headlong with almost suicidally-optimistic abandon? The Ether
Folks have this, wonderfully skewed vision — one part future, two parts past and one part
totally demented — that | have no choice but to admire. Anyone who can make a toaster grow
wings, fly and play Beethoven's Fifth is a man or woman worth respecting.

Etherites work within their own weird parameters. For them, Science (as opposed to
dreary old science with a little "s") is more adventure than ultimatum. Each one devises his
or her own theories, defends them against all comers, and proves their validity by making
weird Devices like the ones included here. By turning the Technocrats' reality straitjacket
inside-out, laughing up their sleeves and making mockeries out of all oh-so-serious tragi-
hipsters, the Etherites have become the most subversive Tradition of them all.

Not that they're all happy aunts and uncles — these folks are damned serious about their
work, if nothing else. Laugh at it and you might find yourself trampled beneath a giant robot's
feet or hypnotized by the Five-Facet Crystal of Gaboom. Best just to hop on for the ride, hang
on tight and keep enough distance to run like screaming Jesus when the inevitable Paradox
backlash comes.

Link 2: The Etherites 3]

cn eie

NA:

«Doc Eon's Action Jackets
Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost

All-weather, all-action gear worn by Doc Eon's Terrific
Trio. These jackets, styled after World War II-era aviator jack-
ets, are well-insulated and keep the wearer warm in the cold and

relatively cool in hot weather. Large pockets allow you to carry
tools, weapons or survival gear

These jackets can take a lickin.' Made from the tough hide
of the extinct smilodon ("saber-toothed tiger," for those of you
who never liked dinosaur stuff; supposedly, they're still alive in
the Hollow Earth) and treated with a special oil developed by
Doc Eon, these jackets can deflect knives and small-caliber
bullets. Blunt blows, like punches or clubbings, are no trouble at
all. Although the jackets are really flexible, they're virtually tear-
proof and can even resist small, open flames.

Doc kept a number of extra jackets on hand "just in case";
since his disappearance, the remaining jackets have been distribé
uted between a few worthy Ether mages. Some jackets were JOst
on Doc's adventures, and you can occasionatiysfindthem inthe
strangest places....Although such artifacts af@always go6d finds,
the really valuable Action Jackets feature Doc E6R'sxemblem, a
stylized sandclock and lemniscate (infinity ymbel)zmand some
still have pieces of the Doc's own equipmentin the pockets

[A character wearing one of these beautiéSbas armor worth
four additional soak levels. This armorg@arriesno Dexterity
penalty, although the jackets are fairly avy and Wart: Unpro-
tected areas remain unprotected, of course, but "fullehody" blows
(falls, explosions, shrapnel, ete.) allow the wearér two Health
Levels worth of coverage. These "Devices" argentirely coinci-

dental and may be used by anyone.]

+e The Kaleidoscopic REM Suit
Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 6
The Reconnaissance Environment Mission spy sultyvas
invented in the 1960s by Professor Digby, an Etherite working
for the British Secret Service — and now it shows its age. Using
a complex, hypnotic photon array (which fools people and
cameras), the REM Suit can appear to be up to three different

outfits: SAS commando garb, a 1960-era Russian guard uniform,

and a crazy, hip nightmare of outrageous psychedelic fashion

In addition, each outfit secretes special pheromones for its
mission: The commando suit helps hide you by unconsciously
convincing people nearby that they don't see or hear you —as long
as you don't get too violent or obvious, you're not there! The
Russian uniform makes you far more impressive; nomatter what you
might do or say, you become a figure to be obeyed. The hip suit is
really suave, baby. It lets chicks and groovy dudes know that its
wearer iscool — "he's the Face," in the lingo of the British ‘60s Mod.

While this last option seems pretty lame these days (cyni-
cism is cool, don't'cha know?), it still works. Show up at the Way
Down in the psychedelic monstrosity and they'll laugh you out
until the pheromones kick in. Sure, everybody'Il still
see a ridiculous suit, but suddenly you're untouchably cool. Hey,
that retro thing's pretty brave. If you've got balls enough to wear

the door

it in public, you're cool enough to hang out with. (Rave or retro
clubs are real playgrounds if you've got this suit on; everyone's

32 The Technomancer's Toybox

trying to relive the spirit of the times as it is. Throw ina headful

of pheromones and Crackhead Joe himself could get laid!)
Thave no idea how many of these suits were made. U.K.

agents on assignmentall over the world received REM outfits —

and some of their enemies got a hold of them in return. As far as

Iknow, however, Professor Digby is the only one who knows how
to repair a torn REM Suit. From what I hear, he's in retirement
in a quaint village on the coast of Wales

Anyone know a good ether-tailor?

[These Devices were custom-made for Sleeper troops; al-

though the pattern-shifting power is technically vulgar, it's

‘without witnesses" if a commando changes the
"Arete" roll

considere
outfit's colors out of sight. On a successful
(difficulty 6), an REM Suit gives its wearer certain abilities:
© Camouflage:
four dots.
* Officer's Dres:
© Mod: Four additional dots of Charisma.
{Theseadditionabifraits apply only against "targets" who can
breathendérmallyand who stand within 20 feet of the commando.
If the Suitlis@attmaged, the rechnomagickal Effects fade.]

-Martian Purifier

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Background Cost 4 (but rare;
see below),

An effective Arcane Background worth

: Four dots in the Leadership Skill

Usingore given talhim in dreams by a Martian (broadcast-
ing into'the future frog his race's past long ago, before they met
their doom), Professor Oddity built this Device that purifies all
of the channelsof the body, allowing for complete mental and
ph¥sicalghealth. The pen-shaped Device uses two tiny Mu
stonegwhigh, when tapped together with the press of a button,
emifa calfning fiéld. Tp a few moments, a tingling rush purges the
user's body of all unjleasant sensations.

The Martian Purifier, which cures depression, fatigue and
unfinor aches and pains (including arthritis flare-ups), has proven
to be a popular pick-up. Several copies of Professor Oddity's

original Device have gone into circulation; the Etherboys can't

resist something that dispels fatigue, and can you blame them?
Those long nights in the lab get rough! Despite the rarity of the
Purifier's prime elements — the Mu Stones — over 50 copies of

the Device have been made. The good Professor is long gone, but

his creation lives on in dozens of Etherboy laboratories.
Still, it's awfully hard to find one of these beauties on the
open market. The Purifier's main components are two Mu

Stones, fragments of iridescent crystals thatactivate the Devic
healing powers. These crystals are supposedly the last remains of
the sunken continent of Mu; supposedly, they can be found only
in the so-called Hollow Earth, a mythical Realm that the Sons
of Ether insist lies below our planet's crust. Wherever these

stones come from, they have a number of alleged properties, from
cientists

memory storage to force field manipulation. Few Ether $
have yet to study their full potential. Even the great Doc Eon
appears to have been stumped by the shining stones.

From what I've heard, the Martian Purifier does have some
odd side effects. Although the rush leaves you feeling fresh and
clear-headed, it may leave you unusually susceptible to outside


suggestions. According to rumor, Professor Oddity disappeared
one night while answering "the call of the Red People." While
some of his contemporaries joked that he had gone off to join a

Jative American tribe, I have a feeling he went somewhere else
entirely. The recent excavations outside Doissetep (see Beyond
the Barriers: The Book of Worlds, pages 144-145) indicate that

something once lived on Mars. Maybe it still does

and it has
sent.this design'as a'stepping stone'to our:earchly minds

[This Device's effects can be described through Storytelling
alone. No rules or die rolls are necessary, Each Purifier works 10
times; after that, it's pretty, but useless.)

+ The Black Rat's Rats

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6 per dozen

Of the many 1930s Ether mages inspired by the pulps, the
Black Rat is among the most popular — for Sons of Ether, that
is; the un-Awakened do not even remember him, and the pulp
magazines featuring his crime fighting exploits are among the
hardest issues to find

The Black Rar took the good fight to the grimy streets,
instilling fear in criminals ("I will become like them
vermin!"), He used a host of high-tech equipment, such as the
robot rats he unleashed onto the wharves to spy on hoods. These
quirky surveillance Devices still work —although they look a bit

"cheesy" by today's standards,

Different models come in different sizes and species, from
small, gerbil-size rats to large, hairy wharf rats, All are extremely
mobile and quick, with tiny transistor brains capable of adapting

to stimuli on an animal level. These low level drones are
programmed to react like normal rats (running to avoid humans,
skulking in shadows, etc.), but they can be operated remotely
through a large, desk-sized controller (complete with a cathode-
ray screen to see through the rat's eyes). Up to 10 rats can be
operated through one controller, from distances of up to 10 miles
away. The Black Rat's main lair was under a lighthouse on the
rocks near the seedy harbor docks of his city, but he did have
other hideouts. Nostalgic Etherites have uncovered those "rat
holes" and the inventions therein; some have been preserved in
The Great Hall Chantry, but others have circulated among the
Tradition's pulp-inspired Scientists

Anyone who gets. good look ar one of these silly things will
quickly realize that it's fake. Therefore, the rat must stay in the
Another problem confronting the

shadows to be effective.
modern-day user is technology; few people today understand the
odd mechanics that the Black Rat used — delicate, interlocking
gears and transistor tubes mesh in a seemingly random mess
wrapped inside a steel rat body. While the drones are still pretty
sturdy, most are prone to malfunction in odd ways, usually when
their programmed instincts go awry instead of running for
cover from an intruder, the rat may lunge at him and bite him.
On top of that, there's the matter of antiquated technology
meeting modern-day innovations. Anyone who knows anything
about radio-controlled technology could probably trace the
signal to its source. Since the controller isn't exactly portable
(unless you place it ina truck), this may attract unwanted visitors

to the laboratory. So if you manage to get your hands on a few of

Link 2: The Etherites 3

i eis Se

D.WH


Gay all

these little darlings, kids, keep them in the shadows and avoid
spying on RC toy aficionados!
[The Black Rat'sRatse |

mage to spy on some distant location. Naturally, everything he

ntially enablea properly equipp

sees and hears comes through a rat's-eye perspective, but the

Devices function quite well, all things considered.

[The rats effectively have a Stealth Dice Pool and a Percep-
tion Dice Pool of six dice each. When discovered for what they
are, these Devices tend to break down and shut off almost

=
—

immediately. In all other ways, the Black Rat's toys conform to
the statistics of normal rats (see The Book of Mirrors, page

112).

«ee Blade-Blaster™ Brand
Rocket Blades

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

Any loser can strap on a set of inline skates and go tooling
around the neighborhood, but if you want the coolest in raw, in-
your-face ‘tude, you've gotta get Blade-Blasters™!

Blade-Blasters™ are supercharged with the latest in mini-
thruster technology that let you go from standing still to 200
MPH in just over 20 feet! If you can see where you want to go,
Blade-Blasters™ can get you there with one blast! Perform wild,
over-the-top stunts as short bursts of super-high speed allow you
to go up sheer surfaces or even blast along totally upside-down!

(Noe: Always wear proper safety gear, including helmet,
elbow pads, and wrist guards. Blade-Blaster™ assumes no re
sponsibility for broken bones or burns due to improper use. Do
not attempt to go up sheer surfaces or skate upside-down for more
than a few seconds at a time. Gravity bites! IMPORTANT
SAFETY TIP: Always use genuine Blade-Blaster™ brand
Thruster Recharge Packs. Bootleg recharge packs have been
known to cause serious injury. Blade-Blaster™ accepts no re-
sponsibility for injuries caused by using bootleg recharge packs
ind will not help relocate refugees!)

Blade-Blaster™: The name to trust for supercharged skate
action!

[Anyone crazy enough to strap on these suicide-skates had
better have an Athletics rating of at least 3; simply standing
upright while rocketing around at 150 MPH requires a Dexterity
+ Athletics roll, difficulty 6. Stunts get harder from there, and
the consequences of a botched roll are pretty scary. Is there

Verbena in the house? The thrust lasts for one turn — or one
minute — per point of Quintessence. Afterward, the Recharge
Pack will have to be replaced. Yes, these skates are vulgar. Don't
wear ‘em to the park! |

«es Doc Eon's Gas Bullets
Arete 3, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost 6 per dozen

These sane and humanitarian gas bullets were designed by
the Man of Me
leaving no traces in the body. Fired from a normal handgun, the

y Tomorrows to render foes unconscious, while

pellets splatter on contact, releasing a gas cloud that affects
victims through inhalation or skin contact (causing many of
Doe's recurring rivals to adopt full-body suits with breathing

masks, such as the comical, yet hideous, Mandarin Squid).

34 The Technomancer's Toybox

ee ee


te

Originally powerful enough to knock anyone out, these
Pills have deteriorated with age (they were manufactured in the
30s). Newly manufactured versions don't work any better —the

Technocracy got a hold of the formula and disproved it. Al-
though the guns that fire the Doc's special bullets don't need any
modification, the shells themselves must match the pistol's
caliber. Since Doc Eon equipped his Terrific Trio with .45
caliber weapons, nearly all of the Doc's original Gas Bullets are

made to fit those guns.

Notall Gas Bullets, however, come from the Good Doctor's
hands. Certain Ether mages, harkening back toa time when their
society promoted a rational, humane philosophy toward vio-
lence, now strive to create a new gas that would improve Doc's
old (and discredited) formula, allowing adventuresome Scien-
tists to deal with enemies without dealing with death. As
Professor Ingestor has stated: "Today's world is one of fetishistic
bloodshed, a result of the failed social policies of the authoritar-,
ian Technocracy. We aim to return the word ‘good' to ff
vocabulary of the Consensus." Many young Etherites regard We
as naive but respect their elders' reSSRGHAEIEORe sof THIF
respect means they can get their hands Siiaiiriah yatch" of
reconstructed Gas Bullets.

[Gas Bullets inflict non-fatal Forces dantageyemitReir tar-
gets on a successful "Arete" roll (difficulty 6): Thegaseloudyare
too small to bother bystanders — a Bullet untist\scrikke its yictim
in order to have the desired effect. Naturglly, tha targetcan rry
to dodge the missiles or hide behindéover. Thiék armorand
breathing gear render these Gas Bulléts, powerless: The shell
casingssting when they hit, but do no damage. These Devices are

coincidental. |

eeeDr. Wingbal's
Ether jet Rocketpack

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

with his jetpack on full blast

he flies into a technicolor sky

facemask filters poison air

omithopters flash

— The Changelings, "Johnny Ether's Great Escape"

Not the first or last jetpack design, this mainstay is still
considered one of the best. During the airwar of ‘41 (known by
Sleepers as the Battle of Britain), Dr. Horatio Wingbat perfected
his version of the ubiquitous jetpack. Powered by a cold fusion
reactor (several decades before the concept became common
fodder for mundane "scientists"), the Etherjet Rocketpack pro-
pelled the intrepid professor into the clouds, where he battled the
Hun with efficiency, valor and his infamous Havoc Gun (sce
listing).

Sadly, Dr. Wingbat was shot down over Normandy. Fortu-
nately for posterity, he left several samples, experimental specs
and copious notes. His allies and rivals plundered the remaining
stocl

and have copied and modified his invention ever since

Ether Scientists who've studied surviving Rocketpacks claim the
rocket's advanced design leads to occasional Paradox effects.
Some samples explode during use, while others malfunction at

critical times — often when the rider is several hundred feet in
the air. Despite its flaws, Dr. Wingbat's innovative design
remains the standard flight Device among the Sons of Ether —
until, of course, someone else invents a better jetpack.

[A "simple" Forces/Prime Effect carries the rider into the air
and guides him through his aerial ballet. The "Arete" activates
the magick, which lasts for five minutes per point of Quintes-
sence. From that point on, the rider controls his flight through
Dexterity + Technology rolls (see "Stunt Driving" in Mage,
pages 252-253; take-offs and landings are difficulty 7)

Safe Speed: 50 MPH Max Speed: 100 MPH

Maneuverability: 8

[Channeled as it is through a fairly acceptable focus, the
Effect is usually coincidental (even if it does exceed the limits of
mundane science and technology). Gods help the rider if he
incurs Paradox during his trip, however; the Rockerpack tends to
get temperamental if its wearer has a Paradox Pool of 5 or more.

«ee The Havoc Gun
Ateté 7, Quintessence 30, Background Cost 10

Pbrings our the worst in everyone; it also encourages
tech-yention Tike @nobody's business. The two World Wars
shoved Sleeperte¢h and hypertech alike so far ahead of the old
paradigm that fan.a while it seemed as though anything was
possible, as fghg asi, killed people.

Onevfthe greatést innovators of the Second World War
took the name Dr. Hogatio Wingbat. Unlike many of his sedate
colleagues, Wingbat loved a good fight. He didn't just invent
neapstuff'and Send others out under the cover of darkness to test
it dur, either— he dove headlong into the War, trusting in his
ifvengiori8to pull him through. His luck crashed (along with the
‘good Cocgbt himself, in 1944, but until then, he made amazing
ad®angés in deadly'Bchertech. Considered a war criminal by both
Jethoy and Doc Eon (Wingbat supposedly rested his contrap-
tights on captured Nazis), Wingbat kicked some major ass
fionetheless. To this day, the Ethcrites haven't decided if he was
aheroora villain. That hasn't kept them from reconstructing his
Devices and adding their own innovations, bur it makes that

space in the Son of Ether Hall of Fame pretty hard to fill.
Wingbat's favorite weapon, the Havoc Gun, displays his
warlike ingenuity. Blending a machine gun, a laser rifle and a
grenade launcher, the Havoc Gun firesa rapid spray of exploding
energy bol

The power comes from a hip-mounted Quintes-
sence battery. Don'task me how this thing works— the Etherites
understand the theory, but it makes my brain hurt — just glory
in the sheer destructive potential of your very own hyperplasma-
waste-shit gun. It rips, it shreds, it blows stuff up. No psychotic
Technomancer should be without it!

(Oh, one little note: As Dr. Wingbat himself discovered,
this toy is a Paradox magnet. It breaks down, overheats and has
been known to blow itself — and its owner — to smithereens.
Just thought you'd like to know.)

A two-handed cannon fed by a belt-strapped power pack,
the Havoc Gun requires steady hands and steady nerves. It makes
a hell of a spectacle and chews everything in the area to pieces.
As you can imagine, this isn't a weapon for subtle missions, but

Link 2: The Etherites 35

IDVWK

Q

NO Ail

WAZ ON

when the Fallen are at the door, it's only natural to meet them
with all the grace and firepower you can find

Happy hunting!

[This toy inflicts ungodly amounts of damage — it employs
Forces, remember, and thus adds one success to its total when
determining damage. Targets can soak the attack (it's normal,
not aggravated), or dodge it (see Mage, pages 166-167) — the
incoming firestorm is hard to miss. Each shot uses one point of
Quintessence, but many Etherite warriors carry a spare clip of 30
Tass just in case the fight lasts awhile

[Although it appears to be anadvanced-technology weapon,

the Havoc Gun still exceeds Sleepertech levels by several

generations. Thus, it's often vulgar, although certain settings

like paramilitary bases or SF conventions — might "accept" it as

coincidental. Paradox backlashes usually take the form of physi-

cal damage — that is, huge explosions and meltdowns.]

e++ Innovation, Inc.'s
Personal Lift Generator 5000,
(a.k.a. "The 250-hp Beanie")

or
Arete 3, Quintessence 15, BackgrowneCost'6

Innovation, Inc., {ing

the nation's le:

groundbreaking devices for home or offic

the Personal Lift Generator 5000. Dubbed hp Beanie"
by one of its developers, the PLG5000 logis rematkably ti
helicopter rotor blade mounted on a m@forcycle helm. Set on
a reinforced framework (to protect theYager's negk 4nXépine).
thatalso houses the super-efficient naturaPRas- powered ehgine,
the PLG5000 makes the dream of personalflight a safe\and

effective reality! With rudder controls builf diregelf to the

hand-held control unit, maneuvering thé PL@5OQ0 is%easick

than driving a car! . \
The PL ng of 5,000 feet ange
of approximately 50 miles, and an average cruising speed Of,
MPH, making it perfect for beating rush hour traffic! If you".
crazy (and Paradox-addicted) enough to want your own PLG5000,
call Innovation, Inc. at 1-800-SON-ETHR today! Operators

standing by.

35000 has a maximum ce,

[It should go without saying that this Device is vulgar as all
get-out. To control it, the Etherite should have the Pilot Skill
(see The Book of Shadows, page 24). Starting the PLG5000
requires a point of Quintessence, but it runs on standard fuel

thereafter
Safe Speed: 40 MPH Max Speed: 80 MPH
3]
e+e Plutonium Pill

Are

This pharmaceutical marvel unleashes the power of the
atom to super-accelerate the mind. Invented under a govern-
ment grant in 1950s America by Dr. Ward Beaumont, the
Plutonium Pill provides the ingestor with vast intellect far
beyond normal human ken. The most complex logic pu
mathematical conundrums become child's play. Statistical cal-
culations come soeasily that events and behavior can be predicted

Maneuverabil

¢ 3, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost 6 for six

36 The Technomancer's Toybox

by figuring the most probable outcome (not what will happen,
but what is most likely to happen). Amazing scientific innova-
tions come many steps closer to fruition under the influence of

the Pill, as new possibilities can be entertained much qui
However, the Pill is highly addictive. One use will cause
cravings immediately after its 24-hour effect has ended. Succes-
sive uses last fora shorter period of time (20 hours for the second
Pill, 12 for the third, eight for the fourth, and only two hours for
any future Pills). Repeated use has further side effects: After the
third dose, the brain and skull begin to swell toa lightbulb shape,
eventually (after 10 doses) turning the user into an image of the
super-braniac human of the future.

The effects don't end there: The user's moral capacity
erodes with his increased intellect, allowing him to logically
accept just about any proposition. ("Who cares how many die,
doctor? If only a few gain such intellect, we will breed a new race,

Ppetter than the last!") Finally, thanks to the Technocracy's
"Yaws" of nature, this atomic Pill causes brain cancer in most

PS "nastier effects, it's still quite popular
among Phe rites. Manufactured in dozens of laboratories
actoss the PEHGPERpEhis little "smart drug" tends to come out of

1 hid CS lar

breakth Asfessential. The work stress, coupled with the
Plutoniunt PEWS effects, might explain some
excessés, bufthen agttin, | may just be reaching. Anyway, this
inriovaudeChasn't gongtompletely unnoticed, either inside or
outside(the Fraditiog®. I've got an old B-movie poster on my
wall: The Plufoniui' Man — "Beware the logic of the Atomic
Mivd!" The pidtifre, as far as I can tell, features Ol Lightbulb
Héad hiftgelf "Dr. Beaumont. Gee,
donngetiogg me \\
A Talftng the Pal Aerivates its "Arete"; forevery two successes
goredPagainst difficlty, 6, the imbiber gains a dot in some
W Mefital Attribute (player's choice of which one). This bonus
ffes after 24 hours, and a craving for more Pills begins

fhe around the time when some spectac

herites' weirder

I wonder if there's any

W [Multiple doses within 48 hours of each other have the
weird effects described above. After 10 doses in a single year, the
effects stop fading; the Etherite adds a permanent Paradox point
to his total and adjusts his scores (Mental and Social) accord-
ingly. After all, a guy with a lightbulb-shaped head is going to

difficulties... when he deals with other people.

The other side effects —cancerand eccentricity —should be left

to Storytelling and roleplaying.]

+++ The Pocket Poltergeist

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

encountersome.

Yes, I know it sounds obscene, but grow up and read on:

Before his untimely disappearance in 1937, the famous
magician Harcourt Langthrope patented a small black box that
could fit into a coat pocket or clip onto the user's belt, with a
white cord thatran up and plugged into the user's ear. Called the
"Pocket Poltergeist," this amazing machine received the electri-
cal and psychic energy from the user's mind and translated it into
applied kinetic energy. In short, it let the user move things with

his mind. Langthrope created the Pocket Poltergeist for his


magic act, and he caused a sensation by floating the audience's

drinks, je' onal items up to the ceiling. He also

used it to di me muggers who accosted him

after a show one night, deflecting their knife thrusts into each

other instead of into Encouraged by his success, Langthrope
made more Poltergeists.
tely), the Pocket Polter

ss a level of psychic

Unfortunately, (or perhaps fortur

geist doesn't work for everyone. It r

energy that most people simply can't produce, and it leaves even

the most active mind exhausted after a few uses. The larger the

objects moved, naturally, the more exhausted the user tends to
be. A further probl
readily available to the public, the original blueprints for the

mn is that, while the patent paperwork is

device disappeared at roughly the same time as Langthrope did
(The general belief, popularized by an episode of In Search Of
is that Langthrope was kidnapped by Nazi agents.) Only a dozen
working models of the Pocket Poltergeist are known to exist, and
they're jealously guarded by their owners

(This Device duplicates the Telekinetic Control rote (see
Mage, pages 198-199), but allows the user to move a stationary
object as well. The "Arete" roll sets the machine to work; from
that point, it uses its powers to siphon energy from the user to his
task. The mage can manipulate objects for two turns (orminutes)
for every dot he has in his Intelligence rating; after that, the

Pocket Poltergeist wears him down, and he needs to rest.|

e+e Telepathy Specs

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

Manufactured by the Pinnacle Joke and Novelty Company
and advertised in the backs of comic books, these cheap-looking
plastic goggles claim to allow you to stare at anyone and read her
mind. Unlike X-Ray Specs, however, Telepathy Specs work
exactly as advertised! Unfortunately, they only work for kids, ot
for people with similarly open minds. Any normal adult (or kid
who doesn't believe that they could work) who wears the
Telepathy Specs sees only a prismatic rainbow effect

People who can use the Telepathy Specs see a cloudy image

of the target's thoughts superimposed over the target's head. The

image will vary widely depending on the target. A cheerful

simpleton's thou will be bright and cartoony; a Bauboy's

thoughts will be muted, bleak and painfully Gothik. Most people's
thoughts will look like grainy videos with a lot of the details
missing, but with some details vastly overemphasized. The

im

you supposedly see when you try to scan a vampire ot
werewolf would leave Stephen King shaking. Go figure. It's not
always a happy thing to see other people's thoughts, BTW; lots
of kids have had their innocence splattered all over the walls
when they looked at Mommy's head at the wrong time, or saw

what Daddy really wanted to do when the front window was

shattered...
[These $

of the subject's surface thou:

pecs allowa character toseca visual representation

as if she'd used the Probe

Thoughts rote and could see the results (see Mage, page 210)
The glasses, unlike the rote, can only see the strongest, most

obvious thoughts. Secrets, memories and subconscious impres-

sions remain hidden. Although the Specs are coincidental, most

Link 2: The Etherites 37

=


NOY All

IW

mages cannot use them — after all, those stupid plastic things
won't really work, now will they?]

eeee XIIZ7 Death Ray (Intended for
Purely Peaceful Purposes)

Arete 8, Quintessence 40, Background Cost 12

Dr. Oscar Lightwell_w:
Nations to build a Death Ray (for purely pe:
1954. The X117 Disintegrator was the result.
very powerful laser, the X117 is the
and requires a tripod mount. It fires.a cutting beam that stays on

s commissioned by the United

ful purposes) in

sentially a large,
of a large machine gun

as long as the trigger remains pulled and power feeds into the
weapon. Great care must be used when firing it to ensure that
nothing comes between youand your target. Early mishaps in the
development of the X117 caused one assistant to lose a hand
when Dr. Lightwell swiveled the weapon on its tripod while
firing it.

Unfortunately, the X117 was never delivered to the United:
Nations. It was stolen by an unknown eximinakonganizationawho:
had anything but peaceful purposes in mindsforat, Dhe@un has
turned up from time to time, usually in the ba@k-of/a van or
pointed out the side of a helicopter, used (Grob banks (burning
open the vault from the outside), or to terrorite Cities: Its current
location is unknown. Dr. Lightwell has retreated fromthe world
in disgust at the abuse that his inventigh hag been put to,
although he was never able to explaingfatisfactotiljust what
peaceful purposes a Death Ray could @e used for.ATh& United
Nations has a standing reward of $25,000,000 fof the réqurn of
the Ray.

[Naturally, the X117 has been duplicated overhauled and
distributed several dozen times since ifs/inggptiony, This
weapon — too large to be carried by hungAr(iinds'&, packs art
cous punch. The game systems arghiffiple: The Math Ray
inflicts aggravated Forces damage at a ébst of three Quinte'ence
per turn. The machine's high "Arete" assures a pretty high Teyel
ofdestruction. By common reckoning, this machine seems pret

outra

vulgar; even so, it kinda sits on the juncture between acceptable

technomagick and paranoid fantasy. There are, of course, more
deadly we
this Death Ray isn't so far-fetched after all....]

eeee The Electrographic Matter
Recombinant Translocator
(ELMART)

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 7

apons in the Sleepers' arsenals these days, so pethaps

Created in secret government experiments in the early
1950s, the ELMART is an enclosed metal box, roughly the size
and shape of a large refrigerator, covered in glorious art deco
chromework. Step into the ELMART and activate it, and you'te
instantly converted into sentient electricity. From there, youcan
be fed into the country's power grid, allowing almost instanta-
neous travel to any place within the country that is connected to
the grid. With more effort, you can be beamed via satellite to
practically anywhere in the world.

The Technomancer's Toybox

In the form of sentient electricity, you can lurk just about

anywhere undetected: Spy on people by listening to them
through their stereo needle or telephone receiver. Watch them
through their camcorder (if they happen to have one around)
Sneak into their computer and, through it, onto the Web. If
you're really practiced with this form, you can wreak ungodly
amounts of havoc on people by causing their electric appliances
to go berserk, making lightbulbs and televisions explode, and so
on.

Although the ELMART was originally conceived as a

teleporter, it has several drawbacks in that regard —not the least
of which is that the transmogrified traveler has to enter another
ELMART at the other end (or go back into the same one where

he started) in order to be changed back into matter. Also, even

though travel via power grid goes at the speed of light, the power
erid is huge; it's really easy to get lost in it. (Imagine traveling the
world's highways at the speed of light, without a roadmap. One
Wrong turn at a junction box and you're suddenly stuck in
Somebody's blender.) I've also heard about travelers who got
ESP Ped in CECHABEAHIS bacreries
on the paxtofammbtbid researcher, bur when you're dealing with
the Sons abEthereyou can never be too sure
[Alpowetfil Life/Forces Effect turns the user into living
electricity with aisuccessful "Arete" roll. Naturally, the proce-
dure is extremely Mulgar and dangerous; a Paradox backlash
scatters the gage all yer the room, essentially catapulting his
consciougnéss into a distant Paradox Realm until someone
manages to put his eléetrons back together again
[If the prégeddire succeeds, the Etherite can trav
the Aired workd¥lis consciousness guides a powerful stream of
Léctrongtwhetever he wants to go. Physical and Social Traits
disappar agthe,niafle becomes a creature of pure will andenergy.
With a QV illpower fll, he can shrug up a power surge (one
MealugLevel of aggra¥ated damage for every point of Willpower
in His current rating), which can destroy electrical equipment
afid harm living things. Naturally, the traveler must be able to

it's probably just a tall

le

Lall over

Teach the affected target; he cannot simply arc across the room
and hit whomever he wants unless some conductor exists. His
target must be in contact with the proper power conduit at the
time.

[Finding the proper conduit is the real trick. There are
millions of miles of electrical wiring in the average city, and

powerful as the mage may be, he's not strong enough to cause
major outage. While he
focus, the traveler is effectively blind in his electrical state. He

an use any Spheres that do not require

) "hear" through vibrations and fluctuations, but he possesses

ma
no physical senses. Hence, navigating in this alien form is

dingly difficult. To find his way around, the mage must

exce
home-in on power concentrations. With a raw Perception roll

(difficulties 8 to 10, depending on the mage's target and his

experience with electrical travel), our hero needs to find his
target, orient himselfand close the distance. The latter is easy —
electricity moves at incredible speeds. A wrong move, however,
and he may overshoot his target by miles — sometimes by

hundreds of them.


[In his electrical form, our intrepid mage is highly suscep-

tible toenergy fluctuations — especially those caused by blackouts,
electricity elementals and Forces-skilled wizards. A sorcerer with
Forces and Life perceptions may notice the traveler for what he
is (Perception + Occult, difficulty 8); if she does, the fun begins.
Our hero is putty in the hands of a skillful mage; if she taps into
the current he rides, her powers can literally scatter him like
ashes. Both opponents make resisted Arete rolls (difficulty 7); if
he wins, he suffers pain but stays intact; if she wins, the Etherite
is dispersed — possibly forever. Each success the attacker has
over the defender subtracts one point of Willpower from the
traveler's total; if he reaches 0, our hero's consciousness is
annihilated and he dies. The same process goes for bouts with
electrical elementals (see the Control Electrical Systems, Light-
ning Bolts and Short Out Charms, Mage, pages 238-239). In this
case, the resisted roll is the mage's Willpower versus the spirit's
Rage. If the traveler wins, the spirit suffers the fate it had in store
for the mage.

[Blackouts simply strand the traveler in the nearest gene
tor or junction box until the problem M@1@areaaThis hud =F
lot — but leaves no permanent damage. A powWerdrain gay trap
the mage in some other appliance or hatteryuntibthie€onduit is
hooked to another network or current. A Forcesetraimedwizard
might use this option as an alternative to total destruction,
channeling the Etherite into some battery fof Safe keeping:

[To regain his human form, the Ethegite muSk rerurn to an
ELMART unit and have someone begify the re-fortna
cess, A second "Arete" roll reconfigurés the magé, who'll be

ion pro-

disoriented for at least a day by the unnétying/experience of
becoming raw electrons then switching back t@tormal. A batch
at any point of the process could destroy the gharacterfer good.
Ittakesa very brave, very foolish mage to ste into ELMART,
and become one with the electrical flowg

Professor Parallax's
Displacement Device

Arete 6, Quintessence 30, Background Cost 10

This Device makes onlookers believe that you're standing
here when you're rez

ly over there. A small holographic field
mapper latches onto the wearer's belt, it "draws" a picture of the
person, then transmits it to a tripod placed wherever he wishes
toappear (practical range: about 25 yards). The tripod emits the
mapped holographic field, making the person appear to be where
ath the field), thus

the tripod is (the tripod is invisible ben

disguising the prankster's true location. The belt projector houses
all the important elements. For reasons that should be obvious,
the tripods are disposable

The Displacement Device can send pictures of several
people, as long as every one of them possesses a belt projector
unit. A multi-image setting links all participants together in a
virtu

panorama. Obviously, there are some limitations — the
unit can't project more than four human-sized objects without

ing out. And if those objects happen to be moving or talking,
the chance of overload goes skyward
Anenemy witha radio wave scanner (or some other Forces-

based detection Device) can trace the signal back to its source.

IN

s you can imagine, it's a good idea to stay hidden when you're

faking someone out with the Displacement Device!

Professor Parallax used this invention with great success
when his Chantry was raided by HIT Marks. The tripod was
placed over a carpet; Professor Parallax's Ecstatic Chantrymate

pened a spirit gate into the Umbra underneath the rug. The
cyborgs were fooled and went for the fake image. Their weight

collapsed the carpet and they fell out of this world.
Wonder where they ended up?
[This Device has to be "smart"; a complex illusion demand

three to five successes on the "Arete" roll. A simpler projection
(of one person standing, for example) is much easier and only
requires a single success. The illusions are completely without
any form or substance; anything that strikes them passes right
through. Under most circumstances, the Device is coincidental;
no one who sees the projections attacked believes that they're
anything but illusions and will begin looking for the equipment

{A small sound-projecting component allows the user to
"throw her yoice," but loud or unusual sounds are beyond the
gadget '§icapacity. Lhe Displacement Device is limited to dupli-
cating itsasents); a clev
an Intelligeh€"F "Technology roll, to modify the Device to
project @therillusigns, but the difficulty would be pretty high and
the results wouldibe fairly simple (human-sized and generally
static),]

r holographologist might be able, with

eeeee Doc Eons Time Watch

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 10 (but very
rare + only three'exist)

The signatute Device in legendary Doc Eon's arsenal, the
Time Wath, resewbles a large wristwatch with telescoping
Antemhac hc top cage (with the time piece and a compass) flips
opéh tog@veal compacktransistors and vacuum tubes. By extend
ihg th@ antennae and préssing the button on the side, you begin
togarm up the tubes. Five minutes later, the watch is ready to go:

Another press of the button will reverse time locally —everyone
and everything within a 10-yard radius will suddenly move
backwards in time.

This was one of Doc's early experiments in time manipula-
tion physics. Itcan only reverse the temporal flow by 15 seconds
or less — after that, it has to cool down, then warm up all over
again. As the Doc himself discovered, itisn't wise to use the Time
Watch too often; time itself begins to unravel, summoning
fourth-dimensional entities and Paradox spirits by the score. The
backlashes that this invention has unleashed had to be seen to
be believed (so I'm told — I wasn't there, you understand). Joe
"Lucky Skunk" Ross chronicled one spectacular snapback in

The Moons of Madness" (Astonishing Science Stories, June,
1947). As far as | know, this tale of temporal vengeance marks
the first recorded appearance of Wrinkle, the most fearsome
Paradox spirit in the modern world, who dragged the Carmine
Countessa screaming off into neverland

Doc Eon later developed a much more effective time
Device, one that allowed him to shunt himself into the future.
When the Doc's foes demolished that Device, the Man of Many
Tomorrows disappeared. According to most Ether Scientists,

Link 2: The Etherites 39

Ni

D.IWWH


NO Ail

IlW

Doc Eon went back into the future (from whence, they say, he
came in the first place)

{In game terms, this Device allows your troupe to replay
one turn as if it never occurred — except that everyone
involved still remembers the original events and can try to
"rewrite" them. Most un-Awakened people who are affected
simply experience a sense of deja vu (they don't know how else
to interpret the event). Awakened beings, however, recognize
that time has taken a few steps back

[An
and it adds at least one point of Paradox onto the user's total.

rete" roll triggers the Effect. Yes, itis highly vulgar,

Using the Device once is dangerous; using it repeatedly can be
fatal. Each attempt after the first raises the activation difficulty
by one (+1 on the second try, +2 on the third, etc.). Each try
brings another point of Paradox, too. The backlash, if it comes,
will be huge and dramatic.)

Q Doc Eon's Lemurian
Lightning Gun

Arete 5, Quintessence unknown (see below), Back-
ground Cost N/A

This odd weapon, shaped somewhat like an old dueling
pistol, is ornately carved with Lemurian glyphs — the hand

writing of the ancient civilization of Lemuria, whose only
remnants survive among the Goro monks of the Hollow
Earth. In place of a pan, the hammer strikes a red Mu Stone,
which in turn ignites the sealed polarium container inside
the gun, sending forth a bolt of lightning-like energy from
the barrel. When the bolt hits its target, the blast is powerful
enough to rend metal. Supposedly, this energy destroyed
Lemuria in much the same way that many believe nuclear
weapons will destroy the modern world. Because of its dan-
gerous forces, Doc devised a dial that allows the gun to fire
a limited stream, capable of stunning most people but not
killing them.

The "ignition source," polarium, is a enigmatic metal
discovered in the North Pole, near the entrance of the
Hollow Earth. Its properties, like Mu Stones, have not been
fully studied, but the Lemurian containers — artifacts of an
older time, now owned by the monks — are sealed airtight
and seem to be indestructible.

The Lightning Gun's most remarkable features, how-

ever, are its glyphs. According to Doc Eon's friend and
biographer Joe "Lucky Skunk" Ross, the Lemurian runes
made the Device immune to Paradox energies! All attempts
to replicate these mysterious sigils have failed, which leads

the Etherites to conclude that some ancient Lemurian Sci-

ence managed to overrule the most basic tenets of reality.
of yet, no one has managed to duplicate the feat (not to say
that they haven't been trying...). The Goro monks them-
selves seem to have lost the secret; the glyphs were carved
onto the Doe's gun by the last Lama to fully understand their
significance.

Naturally, the only two surviving Lightning Guns are
pretty valuable. One supposedly rests in the Gernsback
Continuum. I have no idea where the other might be. "Lucky

40 The Technomancer's Toybox


.

Skunk" would like to know where it is, though — supposedly,
it once belonged to him:

[Although this Device is highly vulgar, its odd runes
(which cannot be duplicated — sorry) make it immune to
Paradox. The "Arete" roll unleashes a bolt of lightning that
inflicts normal Forces damage. A "mercy dial" allows the user
to tone the Effect down, reducing the damage by half.
Nobody knows how many shots these guns are good for; the
special combustion combination might make a pistol's en-
ergy supply effectively infinite, or it might be just about
exhausted. Until the gun refuses to fire again, its limits
remain a mystery.]

Q The Physiognomizer
Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost N/A
Physiognomy is the belief that someone's personality
can be judged by the shape of their face and body, or by
reading the bumps on his head. The Physiognomizer, created
by the mysterious Crimson Claw, rakes this principle oné

step further and allows you to radically change someone's
personality by performing super-precise cosmetic surgery on
him.

To use the Physiognomizer, you must besiniwith'a non-
resisting subject. The Crimson Claw's persgnal predilection
was for attractive women who'd been captured and drugged
by his sinister agents, but the Physiognomizer works equally
well on either sex. You place the subject on a standard
wheeled medical table, then carefully toll him into place so
that his head is inside the Physiognomizer. (The
Physiognomizer is an enormous, blinking-light-covered hox
feet deep, with an
open area just big enough in which to fit a pérson's head.)
You then set the dial of the Physiognomizet with théperson-
ality traits you wish to instill into the#ubject. Choicesjgang®
from abject obedience (always a popular one) to unbridled
creativity, to white-hot rage. Custom traits also can he,
programmed into the Physiognomizer, through a complex
binary code and a large bank of switches on the unit's side.

10-feet tall, seven-feet wide, and thre

Once set and activated, the Physiognomizer uses ro-
botic appendages (programmed with advanced surgical
techniques) to raise or smooth bumps on the subject's head.
This process involves a certain amount of pain if the subject
is still conscious. (Another reason drugged subjects are
generally preferred.) Fortunately, in all but the most radical
of procedures, the subject's appearance remains: unchanged
except for his scalp. Naturally, if your subject happens to be
bald, your "alterations" may be plainly visible. (Don't try this
on Patrick Stewart, girls!)

It is vitally important to double-check your program-

ming when using the Physiognomizer. The Crimson Claw,
attempting to instill himself with more genius than he
already had, misplaced a binary switch and turned himself
into a vegetable. The Physiognomizer is currently in a ware-
house full of items confiscated by the FBI, somewhere in
Maryland. Torture will never get me to reveal the exact
location, but good chocolate or a backrub just might

[The Crimson Claw's machine effectively works a Ma-
nipulate Memory rote on its victim (see Mage, page 211),
reconfiguring her psyche to the uset's specifications. Since
the procedure involves physical mutation, however, Mind
spells cannot undo its effects. The subject can still try to
resist the programming with her Willpower (difficulty 6 to
disobey some undesirable impulse), but otherwise assumes a

new Nature and Demeanor, or gains some new aspect to her
personality. On the good side, the Physiognomizer can undo
phobias, break down inner blocks and release pent-up cre-
ativity; by the same token, it can unleash psychological
demons, murderous impulses and paralyzing fears. This
Device's effects, should they ever occur, should be played for
all they're worth

[Undoing the procedure requires a combination of
Life 3, Mind 4 and a working knowledge of Physiognomy
Since this isn'te:

actly acommon occult science, the changes
this machine works may very well be permanent.]

QVrum Vrum Boom

Arete 6, Quintessence 30, Background Cost

A turn6fthé-eentury convertible car (complete with
engine\@fabkWith which to start it), the so-called "Vrum
Vrum Boom" machine still has some surprises. Built by a Dr.
Dike, a children's book author of the 1910s, it was meant to
take childgen on advéntures. Unfortunately, the Good Doc-
tor — obviously missing that fine line between fantasy and
reality < had a pretty psychotic view of "safe and healthy
adventures forchildren." This car sprouts wings and takes off

to fat lands — sometimes even into the Umbra or Etherspace!
OK sureythe car comes home once the adventure is over. The
tidersy if theyre litcky, might come back with it. Or they
might nor.

There's nothing wrong with the car itself, it's just
progfammed strangely. Its creator imbued it with a "mind" of
its own and a host of helpful gadgets: armor, hidden taffy
uns, superspeed, flight and submarine capabilities. Vrum
Vrum Boom will do whatever it can to aid its passengers, but
due to a quirk in the design, it "sees" everything

a long,
rousing adventure story. As is widely known, the heroes
never really get hurt in children's books, and nobody ever
dies. Equipped with this naive perspective, Vrum Vrum
Boom gets itself into suicidal situations, secure in the "knowl-
edge" that no one's going to get hurt, maimed, decapitated,
ete.

Vrum Vrum Booms engine uses a combustible design
based on fragments from Czar Vargo's tesearch. Dr. Dike did
a teally good job of adapting what little information was
available and integrating it into his own design. Even so, it's
kinda antiquated in all the wrong ways; although it can teach
speeds of over 100 KPH, you have to start it with a hand
crank. Despite its unconventional construction, the car's
mechanisms seize up at "dramatic moments" — usually

during the times when the riders are most likely to be hurt or
killed!

Link 2: The Etherites 41

ll S\_ Z


The car's really special powers come from an even
stranger brand of Science: Solarium ge

s. A large container of
Solarium runs along the central drive shaft. Through a

unique design, the gas can be slowly released from the small

chamber (where it is ina compact, and thus inert, state) into

1 larger chamber, where the gas spreads out and lifts the
vehicle into the air. A lever on the dashboard controls the
Solarium release valyes. Fold-out wings help steer the car
while it's in the air, and propellers and rudders on the car's
rear help steer it when it's in water

Like any good vintage car, Vrum Vrum Boom is aconvert-

ible. When the leather roof is on and the windows are rolled up,
Vrum Vrum Boom becomes airtight and has its own supply of
oxygen (that lasts for about three hours). When the roof is
cranked back, the passenger compartment is open to the wind
and weather. A bewildering array of switches, dials, levers and
gauges covers the dashboard; I've been told that figuring out

what does what is half the fun

No one really knows what became of this odd car; every so

often, it shows up somewhere new. One San Francisco Ether
mage claims to have seen a Hollow One joy-riding around in
what could only be Vrum Vrum Boom, but no one has seen
either the car or its driver again, Presumably, they're both offon
some adventure somewhere

Who knows where they'll end up?

[For the most part, Storytelling can cover the odd powers

of Vrum Vrum Boom. The car's more specific technomagickal
features include:

The Technomancer's Toybox

¢ Umbral Passage: At odd moments, the car takes itself

and its occupants into the Near Umbra by way of a Spirit 4
gateway. At really odd moments, it flies stra
Horizon

t past the
a terrifying journcy that leaves the Earth behind
Like an Ethership, Vrum Vrum Boom protects its passengers
from the vacuum of space

provided the windows are rolle
up!

® Armor: With its custom-reinforced sides and chassis,
Vrum Vrum Boom can take a lot of punishment, Assume that
anything less than a tank shell merely scratches the paint
Passengers inside the car are safe from gunfire and other mis-
siles, as long as they crouch behind the car's sides. The leather
roof, while tough, isnot reinforced to this degree; consequently,
it needs to be replaced often.

* Taffy Guns: These non-lethal weapons squirt streams of
thick, gooey candy all over anyone who threatens the car or its
passengers (Dice Pool of 6, 360° radius at the car's level only)
These strands entangle the car's enemies; anyone trying to
escape the taffy must either dodge the streams or roll his
Strength against difficulty 8 to pull free of the mess. The taffy
reserve is effectively endless

afterall, the car was designed for
children — and perfectly edible

© Flight: Vrum Vrum Boom flies; sometimes ata fairly slow
pace (50 MPH), often at a quicker one (100 MPH) and
occasionally at breathtaking speed (200 MPH, straight up)
Clumsy on the ground, the carexcels atair travel. The faster the
car goes, however, the quicker it runs out of Solarium gas. If you

happen to be a mile in the air when that happens, things could
get ugly.

¢ Timing and the Lack of It: You can tell that a writer
created Vrum Vrum Boom. The car has a weird sense of timing.
It works like a charm or fumbles like a jalopy, depending on the
whims of fate (and the Storyteller). The "audience" inside
might not appreciate the car's sense of drama, but you never
know

Safe Speed: 30 MPH ground/60 MPH air Max Spee:
MPH ground/200 MPH air Maneuverability: 7

[To adult eyes, Vrum Vrum Boom is vulgar as hell. In the
company of children, however, the car works at "vulgar without

80

witnesses" level. Kids seem to love this old car — even cynical
‘90s kids — and the machine, in return, seems really fond of
them. The machine's "timing" caters to children; the car is
liable to leave an adult behind, especially if there's a child who's
in deeper trouble somewhere else. Still, an adventure with
Vrum Vrum Boom should be fun, not fatal. Somehow, things

always seem to turn out right in the end.]

Q The War Machine

Arete 6, Quintessence 30, Background Cost N/A

From the recently-discovered, blood-stained diary of
Sgt. Major Kyle Stewart

"name obscured by bloodstain] France, [exact date ob-
scured by bloodstain} 1914

"T can barely move my hand to write this, but if rescue
doesn't come in time, it's vital that this information get back to

Brigadier Wainwright. My unit was patrolling the coast, as per
orders, when we came upon a small village which had been
completely obliterated — but not by artillery shells. There were
no fires, no signs of explosions. Rather, the buildings all looked to
have been torn apart, as if by a giant. We were perplexed by this,
and as commanding officer, | decided to investigate. I ordered
Lascaux to take two men and scout ahead, while I took the rest of
the unit around the perimeter of the village

"We were on the beach, examining a smashed fishing hut,
when this thing rose out of the calm waters of the Mediterranean
It was a machine, an enormous machine, standing at least two,
probably three stories tall, it was hard to tell while it was still in
the sea. It stood on three immense legs that moved on three joints,
like an enormous bird. The body of the machine was smooth, with
bulbous protrusions along its horizontal axis, a small, dark sort of
viewport in the front that suggested eyes, and a pair of enormous
clawed arms that were attached on either side. The entire appa-
ratus seemed to suggest some sort of monstrous clockwork crab
It lurched towards us, moving faster than any of us would have
guessed it could, due to its very long stride. Two long, flexible
tentacles extended from the underbelly of the beast, while a panel
on the top slid open to reveal a machine gun

"We knew that a thing like that couldn't be friendly, so we
immediately opened fire. In three, maybe four strides, it was upon
us. Bancroft was the first to die, impaled horribly on a tentacle;
at the same time, a claw closed on Addison, crushing the poor
man's skull

Link 2: The Etherites B

WN DK

N

ID. WW

=

NG Ail

"As you might imagine, the fight was short and rather one-
sided. I ordered the survivors to retreat and we took shelter in a
collapsed church two blocks away from the beach. The war
machine began to go through the village, methodically smashing
every remaining building or ruin to sand and rubble, Finally, it
brought what was left of the church down upon our heads. | was
pinned under a column, my hip and leg smashed and my side
terribly lacerated, but I fared better than poor Marsden. Wells
was somewhat shaken and, I think, nursing a concussion, but he
was still more fit to run for help than I. I ordered him to find
Lascaux's detachment and get back to base. He was upset about
leaving me here, but he finally went

"That was two hours ago. The war machine eventually
stopped its horrific tantrum and descended to the ground in the
town square, squatting like an enormous and nightmarish chicken
The viewport has opened now, and I can see men getting out
They're wearing black uniforms that I don't recognize. If they're
German, they're certainly not part of the regular army. Their
faces are completely covered by chromed, bullet-shaped helmets}
and they are carrying large, ornate rifles of some sort, The mote
I see of them, the more convinced I am that they aren't German

"I'm beginning to wonder now, if they're even: human."

They were. Servants of the deranged Di! Reihhardt
(who many Etherboys claim went Satanic during The Great
War) piloted the Device against both Allied and Central
powers. Driven into a sort of herserk frenzy by the carnage

they caused, this Ethernaut and his psychotic crew smashed
their way through northwest France, southern Germany and
to the borders of Belgium until mechanical failure stranded
the Machine several yards in front of an Austria-Hungarian
bunker. The hull was bulletproof, but not, apparently, how-
itzet-proof. The battered remains were, whisked off to the
Great Hall Chantry in Paris; after yearsof secret display, they
were taken to the Gernsback Continutim for safekeeping =
and to demonstrate a lesson: The Sleepers can destroysthe

greatest works of High Science. (Personally, I'd add that it'

S

not nice to trash innocent villages, but hey, what do | know
about the Wonders of High Science? I'm just a scummy
V.A.)

For such a blatant display of hyperscience, Dr
Reinhardt''s War Machine was unusually successful. A few
Sons of Ether speculate that the War Machine escaped a
catastrophic Paradox backlash because The Great War's
influx of techno-monstrosities mustard gas, machine
guns, tanks, warplanes, flame-throwers, mortars, you know,
all the stuff that makes such pretty piles of human remains —
had numbed the soldiers' sense of disbelief. By the time Dr
Reinhardt's contraption appeared, they just shrugged their
collective shoulders; "Oh no," they probably said, "not an-
other one!" The current popularity of Jules Verne and H.G
Wells probably hadn't hurt the War Machine's chances,
ither. From what I've heard, the schematics are still out
No one ever reported finding Dr.
Reinhardt's lab, but I'm sure that someone eventually did. I

there, somewhere

wonder how well this classical War Machine would fare
against today's high-tech weaponry and SF-saturated para-
digm?

44 The Technomancer's Toybox

I'm not sure I'd want to be on either side of that contest.

[In the modern era, this Device is broken junk, in a
historical chronicle, it might have the following stats:

Safe Speed: 20 MPH Max Speed: 30 MPH Maneuver-
ability: 5 Crew: 6 Armor: 10 We:
30 caliber machine-gun, two tentacles (Str. +2), two claws
(Str. +5)Strength: 10

[The W

Jar Machine's magickal "vulgarity," or lack of

pons: one twin-mounted

same, is left to the whims of the Storyteller.]

Q Dr. Worvil's Wand

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost N/A

Made of the darkest mahogany, this magician's wand
appeared in the early 20th century. Designed and carved by
traveling magician
new dimension to his stage performance. Worvil took his

show, called "Dr. Worvil's Wonders of the World of Magic,"

herite Elijah Worvil, it added a whole

across the United States, entertaining crowds with amazing
feats of magic, prestidigitation and Science

The wielder can fold the segmented wand small enough
to fit in his pocket; and with a snap of the wrist, he can
extend it to its full length. Tiny compartments inside the
wand hold buttons, seeds, feathers, and glitter, all of which
Worvil used in his show. The wand employs principles of
Correspondence, Life, Matter and Prime to produce rabbits
out of a hat, make a beautiful young woman disappear, or
transfer‘a man's pocket watch from his coat to Worvil's.

Unfortunately, the wand does not discriminate between
functions, and Worvil soon learned to be careful about
where he pointed it. Eventually, one of Worvil's assistants
found the wand sitting next to a fuzzy white rabbit. Worvil
was never seen again. His Wand, however, can be viewed in
a display case in the Great Hall Chantry
Device works on a "rotating phenomena" theory that seems
unduplicatable. Many have tried to copy Dr. Worvil's Wand,

This splendid

but no one has succeeded yet

[The Wand commands four functions: making simple
creatures "appear," creating small inanimate objects or smoke
clouds out of nowhere, transferring objects and creatures
from:one;place-toranother, and transforming:simple Items
into something else. Used in a "stage magic" setting, the
Device's powers are often coincidental; the larger powers
(creating or moving large or living things) get risky, how-
ever. Nothing is a sure thing when you're using Dr. Worvil's
Wand.

[Dr, Worvil's:cheoties ‘harnessed the power of random
chance and mutation. They did not, however, do so reliably
A character using the Wand needs to roll her Wits + Occult
(difficulty 7) whenever she presses a button on the handle.
wants it to do; ifshe
fails, it does something else (or nothing at all); if she botche:
some odd phenomena — including things the Wand is not
supposed to be able to do — manifest, usually to the mage's
detriment.]

Ifshe succeeds, the Device does what she


Q Zephraim Pincke's

Automata Arcade

Arete 6, Quintessence 30, Background Cost N/A

This infamous museum of robots was designed by Profes-
sor Zephraim Pincke to teach history — albeit a Son of
Ether's take on it. Etherite Scientists were displayed discov-
ering their wonderful inventions, from the medieval Golo
transcribing his famous scroll to Czar Vargo and his airship.
Some of these Scientists' creations — the real Devices —
were featured in the museum, too. Naturally, this didn't sit
too well with the Technocracy, particularly not with
Zephraim's arch rival, Sir Evan Dandridge of the NWO.

Sir Dandridge arrived with a crew of agents to shut the
museum down — only to finda trap. Zephraim had built the
museum specifically to lure his old enemy to him. Once
inside the museum, the doors locked and Dandridge and his
crew had to dare each room's robot horrors one by one, led
anda like

through a labyrinth of dangerous Scientific propa;
mice in a maze. Only Dandridge survived to reach the final
room, where he faced off against Zephraim. During their
heated "argument," Paradox finally kicked in, destroying
them both.

The museum was carefully dismantled by Zephraim's
faithful servants, pieces packed individually in boxes and
shipped to different destinations, now long-forgotten. These
highly advanced automata and Devices still exist, waiting in
their packing crates in the backs of warehouses and storage
units scattered over the world. They're programmed to en-
tice by displaying Scientific lore — and then to kill, using

the same innovations

From what I hear, Zephraim programmed his maze with
certain riddle passwords; Sons of Ether or their well-edu-
cated allies could pass through the place without harm, but
a trespasser who didn't know Etheric lore was toast. It's a
gambler's guess as to whether the Arcade, if reassembled,
would even accept the old passwords, or whether it would
destroy anyone who tried to enter its doors. I've heard rumor
that someone has restored Zephraim's final wonder, but its
reputed location (if it exists at all) changes every time I hear
the story

[Each exhibit features a special power and a special doom.
These figures are left more to the Storyteller's fancy than to
rules — you could build a whole plot around the search for such
artifacts, Most of the traps can be simulated with Forces damage

(normal in some cases, aggravated in others) based on an

"Arete" of 5 or 6. These statutes are elaborate, vulgar and
deadly. The Storyteller should design specific figures and traps
to suit his chronicle and cabal.

[The exhibits include (but are not limited to)

© Dr. Victor Frankenstein and his monster Elias, with a
lightning trap that strikes those who confuse the master with
the monster.

© Professor Jacques Etienne addressing the original

ons of Ether, with a floor that opens up and swallows the
audience at the end of the speech

Link 2: The Etherites

45


* Czar Vargo and his Etherships, which fire deadly laser

bolts at spectators who seem hostile, warlike or
Technocratically-inclined,

* Colonel Amo Valiant and his deep-space balloon team;
this exhibit poisons the air around it, simulating the "airless"
void of the Technocracy's space

* Professor Thunder and a Tyrannosaurus Rex: three
guesses what this trap does,

* Lorenzo Golo, transcribing the Kitab al Alacir. This trap
suffers an "alchemist's fire" in the workshop that surrounds the
figure. Water only makes the flame grow hotter.

* Sir Simon de Laurent raising a glowing broadsword. He
comes to "life" and chases the audience if they cannot identify

his role in the Tradition

* Baron Brimstone and his Inferno-gun — which actually
works — battling the savage Garou of the Wild West.
[See Sons of Ether for further details about Etherite

history and the noted heroes of the Tradition.]

Q Zelly's Eternal Theatre
Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost N/A

This unique machine was built by Sir Lawrence Lewis to
amuse his bed-stricken, dying niece Zelly. After his quests for a
cure for her cancer failed, he spent long nights in his laboratory
devising the delicate engine that drives this wondrous Device.
Sir Lewis was not popular or well-known among his colleagues;

46 The Technomancer's Toybox

his mastery of Time, Spirit and the natural Forces, however, is
well-proven by the wonderful Eternal Theatre he c reated.

This Theatre is an ornate, Victorian box with hand painted
scenes of an opera house on its sides, complete with balconies
and chandeliers. The art isn't particularly accomplished
Lewis painted it himself — but it docs have a certain, quaint
quality about it. When the box is wound with the tiny crank on
its top, one side falls open to reveal a curtain. The scrim slowly
opens, revealing a cast of puppets a gentleman, a lady, a
monkey and a thief. These puppets enact a short, five-minute
play, complete with voices and music

The odd thing about the Device is that each play is differ
ent, no matter how many times it runs. Long after Zelly and Sir
Lewis both died, the Theatre was discovered at an estate auction
by Dr. Reginald Quirty. The new owner soon realized that the
Device is an oracle of sorts — that each play reveals hints about
the future in much the same way that entrails did for ancient
wugurs.

Dr. Quirty quickly showed the Device to his fellows in the
London chapter, and word soon spread of Sir Lewis's invention.
Quirty will allow Scientists to visit and play the Theatre; he'll
even help them decipher its meaning. He will not, however,
not for any price orany threat. Dr. Quirty
fears that dismantling the Device could destroy it for good. He
knows that the "programming" comes from an internal wax

allow it to be moved

cylinder that apparently rewrites itself after each play. The
mechanism — or entity — behind this is unknown.


| al

——————EEE

Sometimes the plays are vague and extremely hard to
interpret; only by looking back on past events can you see the
predictions made by the machine. Other plays are incredibly
obvious— in the late ‘80s, the Theatre's Gentlemen proclaimed,
"A coming storm will quench the desert of the Yanks' patriotic
thirst." Quirty interpreted this to mean that America would soon
be at war. He was soon proven right by Operation Desert Storm.

Another commentator, Scientist Justin Fordfellow, be-
lieves that the cast of characters represents all of the conditions
of human experience: "Are we not all, at times, either gentle
men, ladies, monkeys or thieves?" A Dreamspeaker who saw the
Device posited that the spirit of Zelly writes the plays from her
afterlife perspective. Most Ether Scientists appreciate the

shaman's speculations, but they prefer explanations that run
parallel to their own pet theories. To date, they've been disap-
pointed. The Eternal Theatre remains an enigma to all who
watch its limitless plays.

[This Device creates prophetic scenes. Its predictions
always couched in cryptic or symbolic terms — will come to pass,
but there's no saying when, how or to whom.

[Zelly's Theatre is pretty vulgar by mortal standards; for
now, it sits in the mansion of Dr. Quirty, safe in a Sanctum built
especially for its performances. If the Device is ever moved, it
may fall apart or cease its magickal plays forever. The Theatre is
more a plot hook than a Talisman and should be used for
dramatic effect, not for mystickal pyrotechnics]

Link 2: The Etherites 47

DW


is
ce'

ke
CCA Ta

Mpc
oa


Link 3:

Black Hats &
Mirrorshades

"When do I get my own flashy memory-messer-upper-thingie?"

"When you grow up."

Jay and Kay, Men In Black

You'll forgive me, | hope, if | get remote in this section. | can't help but be torn
between admiration and disgust by the innovations I've uncovered in the ranks of our
august adversaries. While the Technocracy employs more gadgets than | could possibly
describe here (see Chapter Three in the various Technocracy: supplements for dozens
of additional Devices and procedures), the following toys provide an intimate and
disturbing glance at our tight-assed little friends among the Terminator jet set.

(Oh, just for the note: "Q Division" refers to the Black Hats' gadget shop. Although
technically an adjunct of the NWO, Q Division combines resources from the Void Engineers,
NWO and Iteration #, with a bit of help from their fellow Progenitors and even a few
Syndicate think tanks. These inventive little bastards get more than a little assistance
from Etherite defectors and turncoat Virtual Adepts. While | can't crack on the playthings
I've seen come off Q Division's workbench, I'm not, shall we say, a fan of the people who
work there — distinctively not of the ones who jumped the fence in search of better
research space. Watch your backs, you fucking Benedicts — your time is coming!)

For your perusal and purchasing pleasure, | give you the Technocracy's newest
playthings. Read ‘em and weep, boys and girls. Look and learn.

For all of you Black Hats out there, this stuff should be open knowledge to you; since
most of it probably isn't, you can blame your superiors for granting you such a lousy
clearance that even an asshole Virtual Adept like myself knows about things you haven't
heard of. Now that you do know about them, feel free to bug the living hell out of your
local Q Division until you get what you want. Meanwhile, be assured that the specs for
all of these wonderful toys have been made available to all the right parties.

See you at midnight, pal!

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 49

I


IZ

NO Ail

« Disposable Camouflaged
Monitoring Devices

(DCMDs, or "TrashCams")

Arete 1, Quintessence 5, Background Cost 2 per dozen

These miniature surveillance devices, generally designed
for use in urban areas, make Orwell's worst nightmares a
reality. Disguised as "used disposables" — Technocrat jargon
for "trash" — these spy cameras record events in their vicin-
ity. Disguised as bits of junk — cigarette butts, discarded
fast-food containers, even crumpled newspapers — these tiny
Devices lie nestled in piles of ordinary trash, keeping a covert
eye out for unusual or magickal activity.
Although "security" devices have been recording impor-
tant discussions since the first sycophant got bo
behind trees and reporting back to the Head
for the TrashCam goes to Dr. Kenneth Aldine
He invented the first Disposable Camouffagy
Devices in 1951 for a group of Progey
infiltrate an urban werewolf caern. Al
to capture "research specimens" fail
their DCMDs — irreverently "Tra
tor — provided the informati:
Chantry raid several months |,

Cheap, disposable and
very popular. Now all kinds
things. Small as they are, DC
shelf life. A typical unit — roug!
cigarette butt — records in sound-d
to 40 hours; larger TrashCams — wl
boxes or crumpled soda cans — can reé
and frequently track biodata (heart rate,
cals, genetic code matches, etc.) from né
well. Special models — which tend to be largeihs
Quintessence emanations, Paradox energy flows and sudden
paranormal fluctuations within a one-block radius. The two
larger models can store data for up to a month before their
power cells burn out. Naturally, these latter units are more
expensive — and more difficult to justify on an expense
report — than the smaller, cheaper models.

TrashCams are easy to customize. An agent can slip the
internal device out of her cigarette and into a flowerpot, or
into another cigarette so that she can discard it in a more
strategic location. A privileged Technocrat can requisition
‘Cams designed to record magickal activity, pattern weak-
nesses and even the surface thoughts of passersby. The
requisitioner is advised, however, to retrieve such data in a
properly secured laboratory; a Paradox backlash can destroy
all records, and often, the Device as well.

DCMDs have several weaknesses: They don't project or
transmit data, they just collect it. A unit has to be retrieved
and downloaded in order to pass on its secrets. TrashCams
can be retrieved by drone robots that sift through trashpiles

50 The Technomancer's Toybox

after the Devices have been crated off, by agents who clean up
the streets as part of "community service efforts," or by
hyperintelligent rats bred and trained in Progenitor labs.
Once the ‘Cams have been collected, the information can be
analyzed; the DCMDs themselves become worthless junk.
You need a special retrieval Device — DCMT, the
Disposable Camouflaged Monitor Transliterator — to re-
cover data from a TrashCam's memory. Roughly the size and
shape of a typewriter (remember those?), a Transliterator
breaks the DCMD's seals, transfers the recording and trans-
lates it into a readable format. In other words, you can't tap
a TrashCam's data in the field.
Once the information downloads into the DCMT, the
‘Cam becomes a use! collection of tiny wires and lenses.
n before the information can be retrieved, of
ler DCMDs fail about 30% of the time. The
hCam, though, comes from the fact that
iful, versatile and easy to use. One in-
hata certain unnamed Technocrat has
siness cards. Who needsa fly on the
TyashCam in someone's pocket?

te" roll signifies whether or not it
cording, a DCMT picks up and

estors back from the dead.
of a badly researched Pepsi slogan in

£ if you could
figuré fo get it into them!
an Erg fan

The tired and hungry NWO agent sits at her dreary
stakeout, watching for the Trad killer and wondering where
the hell her relief is. The communicator crackles briefly and
Headquarters informs her that her relief isn't coming. She
sighs and reaches into the cooler. Another long night. No
sleep. She pulls out a can of Erg, the soda of the Technocracy.

No one had ever really thought to combine all the
ingredients before: stimulants, nutrients, sugar and Quintes-
sence. Operatives on the go usually made do with fast food
and coffee. Finally, some overworked and underfed agent
dropped a note into a Progenitor suggestion box, proposing it
as "Pop Plus!" Six months and 65 clinical trials later, Dr.
Mitch Harris submitted Erg to the review board for approval.
The carbonated beverage chugged through the Syndicate's
marketing machine and came out with its familiar bright

yellow and green label.
Ramped-up, time-release caffeine suffuses the carefully
prepared nutrient solution, which contains needed vitamins,


minerals, sugars and amino acids. Erg boosts the drinker's
body for up to six hours without depriving it of nutrients. She
also gets "all the calories, half the grease!" that she would
otherwise get from a drive-thru fast-food dive.

At the moment, Erg is only available to Technocrats.
Considering that the average Black Hat is a hyperdrive
workaholic, the soda's sending' hefty profit back into the
Techno-till. A toned-down version is being considered for
distribution among the Masses. Considering the failure of Jolt
Cola, however, the marketing mavens are watching current
food trends — and checking their future test-marketing sites
for things like mid-terms, SF conventions, SCA events and
other unusual occasions that might throw off their sales data.

[The game effects of this super-soda are best left to
roleplaying and Storytelling.]

« Seekers

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Backgro
The Progenitor Genegineers recef
other engineered insect. That's prett
the Technocracy knows about this
course, have inside information

these mutant bugs out of conc:
(And possibly to'stir up a |
notions would ever occur to s¢
tors! Perish the thought!) Dr.
template for his doctoral thesis
quently promoted to the upper
ingenuity. In true academic fashion,
Convention regularly credits his reseatel
Wolf instead (Wolf holds the patent for
creature).

Adapted from household roaches — né
roach for durability and reproductive efficiency — these lab-
produced vermin are attracted to Quintessence. Released
intoan urban area, they seek out the nearest Nodes and gather
there. The first generation carries a virulent influenza virus
with a human survival rate of 20%. Later generations do not
continue to harbor the virus, and the species (Americanus
pelledrinus) is genetically programmed to die off after 10
generations. Each insect that actually reaches the Node
proper emits a large amount of a particular pheromone, then
promptly dies without moving from the spot. The phero-
mone, although odorless to the human nose, and almost
odorless toany other mammal, can be picked up by specialized
instruments.

Inshort, the roaches find a Node, infect the people there,
and then provide a biological homing beacon for the Tech-
nocracy. The flu virus utterly devastates the guardians of the
Node. Theoretically, Convention agents should be able to
walk in the door and accept the surrender of the few desper-
ately ill survivors.

Seekers still have a near-fatal flaw, though: They're too
efficient. The Progenitors have a vaccine for the virus the
roaches carry but lack a way to keep them from infesting every
Node within an attack vicinity. A typical colony release
(about 200 individuals) infests every Node within a radius of
1 to 10 miles (depending on the location and size of the Node
or Nodes).

The colony labs — Itex, Inc. in San Bernardino, Califor-
nia, and the Mercher Research Institute in Boston,

Massachusetts — carefully field-tested these super-roaches
twice. The first run destroyed a small group of transients
(apparently Orphans), and the Black Hats promptly took
control of the locus. The second run, however, demonstrated
the bugs' flaw. Oh sure, they accomplished their mission —
the infection of a werewolf caern — but the march didn't stop
by, NWO safehouse attracted the buggies, too.

bin Black, and the survivors iced the

my, | -
mthateame to take possession of the Node. To
PE

\pack of pests homes in on its
Be&sence. The Storyteller should

Difficulty
) 6
7
(Level 3/ 30 Tass) 8
lode (Level 2/ 20 Tass) 9
lode (Level 1/ 10 Tass) 10

["Nodes" includes Nodes, Tass stockpiles, werewolf caerns
and even mages with Quintessence ratings of 10 or more (a
Level 1 Node).

[The effective range of the swarm is 10 miles, but many
never make it that far. A colony gets one "Arete" roll upon its
release; if this comes up as a failure, the roaches disperse; if it
comes up as a botch, they turn around and infest the nearest
Technocracy Node or Tass store.

[The "Seeker Plague" comes with a large concentration
of the bugs. Anyone within the area must make a Stamina
roll, difficulty 8, or contract the disease. Mortals are usually
doomed—normal medicine cannotcounter the virus, though
its communicability rate is quite low. Mages and faeries with
healing Arts can cure the disease, and werecreatures, spirits
and the undead are essentially immune to it. A second
Stamina roll reveals the effects of the sickness: Success
ailure

indicates a mild case (recovery in 48 hours or so);
reflects a bad case (disabling illness fora month or more), and
a botch is a 12-hour death sentence.]

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 51

NA

ID.

IWS,

++ Block Party Videos

Arete 2, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost N/A
(see below)

Why bother with worrying about life when you can rent
a movie instead? With cheap video rentals and friendly
service, your local movie store has everything you need to
take your mind off your troubles. This philosophy not only
inspired an amalgam of Men in Black to develop the Cephalic
VCR, but italso helped a group of Syndicate associates make
a fortune with their rapidly growing chain of Block Party
Videos stores.

While standard operating procedure for the NWO in-
cludes media manipulation, most cloak-and-dagger Operatives
don't often care about generating profits. The Grand Finan-
however, look at the bottom line every'
Several years ago, an ambitious Syndicate ent

ciers

strong support from his Symposium by
Masses of a Chicago suburb with sublim

videocassettes rented from his modest
original cassettes had rather simple
them ("accept authority," "the telev:
and the ever-popular "marry ani
integrated more complex ide:
neur composed an extensive,
misconduct in a homeless sh
nearby, Within a week, haras
local citizens drove the Chorist
The NWO loves working witht

They profit not by making mone

tion on people in the neighborhood.
they watch

somebody from the movi

facts might come in handy!) To "Join the Party;
must submit credit card numbers, three pieces of identifica-
tion, a social security number and a fingerprint for the store's
files. Natch, all of this information goes into the database,
too.

Today, Block Party Videos is the fastest-expanding video
chain in the United States. A series of "acquisition strategies"
and "corporate mergers" continues to sweep independent
shops and rival chains into the Party. A huge selection of
tapes and their now-famous advertising campaign make the

club a natural stop for the average consumer, and the chain's
near-monopoly in many locations makes it the only game in
town for most videophiles. With clean stores, friendly staff
and a "family values" approach, Block Party seems like a
wholesome entertainment center. That's exactly the kind of
image that the chain likes to promote.

The videotapes themselves are unremarkable — unless
you can pick out the subliminal messages keyed into the
magnetic tracks. Messages like "support your police," "protect

The Technomancer's Toybox

52

your family — report all strangers," and "it is good, so very
good, to belong." Operating in a hidden Construct (possibly
outside of mundane reality), Block Party's tech staff dubs
these messages onto all of your favorite films. Within a few
weeks, local citizens become concerned watchdogs. Before
long, they reevaluate local individuals, locations and philoso-
phies. If someone seems too strange or steps too far outside
"community values," local couch potatoes can become an
irate mob.

Now that's entertainment! And it's suitable for the

whole family...

[The effects of a Block Party tape should be left to
roleplaying and Storytelling. These Devices are insidious
propagandists, not instant lobotomizers. Most people simply
pression without dramatic effects; however,

ble individuals (every community has ‘em)
Is to heart and act on them.]

in's Cool Shoes

sence N/A, Background Cost 4
e than danglingar the end ofa cable

— if they're lucky enough to
al Void Engineer Lon McAin
) Having survived the experi-

Electromagnetic Compensator:
h stick to the ship. Bright boy that

calls to friendly
1 small fortune,

@ him what he wanted
contracts. Now "McAin: Footwear for
y young, fashion-conscious Technocrat's

In the spirit of the various forms of athletic shoes on the
market in the "real world" these days, McAin Footwear
produces running shoes, climbing shoes, all-purpose shoes,
amphibian shoes, combat boots forall climates, zero gee boots
— footwear for all occasions. McAin Cloudwalkers, the
bottom-of-the-line standard, are canvas hightop chucks with
cheap, low-grade TECs set in the soles. These modifications
allow the wearer to run twice as fast as she normally could and
jump twice as high as she normally would — perfect for the
Pharmacopeist on the street who's trying to impress the locals
with her athletic style. McAin Cosmos, the top-of-the-line
elite models, are well-cushioned combat boots fashioned
from fabric that repels dirt, grime and liquid. They seal to
spacesuits for deep-space work, and the high-powered TECs
in the soles and sides work miracles: A Technocrat can run up
walls, stick to the side of a speeding spacecraft, or even walk
on water.

McAin is the name to remember for your fashion foot-
wear needs!


[The game effects of Cool Shoes should be obvious (see

"Dramatic Systems" in Mage, pages 250-251). The footwear
adds four dice to the appropriate Dexterity + Athletics Dice
Pools, and itallows the Technocrat to do things she normally
couldn't do — like walk up walls and jump twice her usual
distance. As long as the Technocrat keeps her Shoes on, the
bonuses apply. If she's smart, she'll limit her activities around
mortals; walking upside-down or straight up a wall is a good
way to ask for a Paradox backlash. Such activities are, of
course, vulgar; the Technocrat's Shoes will add an additional

two dice to her usual Paradox Pool if this occurs.]

PKD Paranoia Amplifier

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 5

In the early ‘70s, several California Security Collectives
worked overtime trying to shut down the burgeoning Cult of
Ecstasy. Not surprisingly, many Traditionalists found it easy
to recruit people to support these Cultist Chantries. Lots of
folks were eager to work with these mystickal deviants, that
is, when the drugs they got in return were so damn good. The
Technocratic Union quickly developed a system of proce
dures designed to deal with these drug cults. The infamous
PKD Paranoia Amplifier was one of their more remarkable
countermeasures.

These remote transmitters, which resemble tiny black
sugar cubes, amplify the normal paranoia that comes with a

delusional mental state — a natural side effect of using an
illegal psychoactive in a police state. While the original
Devices were roughly an inch long on all sides, the modern
generation's measure about LOmm per side and come in a
variety of colors. Technocratic infiltrators stash these hum-
mingbirds around the area, then send in signals and power
Once this covert Device is activated, paranoid delusions
become visions, and even, in some cases, physical manifesta-
tions. In the beginning, the Black Hats employed these
Devices in places where lots of people used hallucinogenic
drugs. These days, the mere threat of a Technoeratic bust
provides enough fuel to spark an interesting little fire

Consider the fate of the Fritzenjammer Commune in
Eugene, Oregon. Three Cultists and a Dreamspeaker had
established a communal Chantry in the woods outside the
city, and several mundanes had come to depend on them
Over time, their network of consors established a food pro-
gram for homeless folks, an environmental action group, and
distribution network for illegal substances manufactured in
the Chantry's basement.

A Gray Suit Operative infiltrated the group soon ther

after. He was casually accepted into the group and kept his
head even though he later admitted to being tempted by the
idea of "going native" and staying with the Chantry. After he
hid a few Paranoia Amplifiers in the stereo speakers, his

exfiltration was assured. The Operative's amalgam sent in the

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 53

lL S\_ 2

Y,

juice and the delusions began; one Cultist became convinced
that the phone lines were tapped. She began frantically
ching fringe magazines for information about wiretap-
ping sounds. Another Ecstatic began to worry about the
growing number of roaches in the house; in his mind, the bugs
were attracted by the marijuana plants growing in the base-
ment.

Over the next week, the delusions became visions.
While under the influence of "chemical recreation," the
Dreamspeaker became convinced that the cockroaches had
taken over the house's electrical system, and that the bugs
were now plotting against the mages. He began to hear a
flutter in the refrigerators electrical system and quickly

interpreted it as a series of messages broadcast in Morse code.

were hiding in the oven.

From there, the hallucinations
began smashing holes in the walls
roaches were listening to him." Ar
the front porch with the word
Go Home!" A tragic accident j
cigarette lighter eventually ¢
hospital with second-degree
called in an infestation of ants
breeder courtesy of the Progenitc
The locals turned their backs on thé
a saner place to get their kicks.

PKD Paranoia Amps are still co
covert Op goes in, plants a few of the De'
activates the Amps. Minor delusions be
sions. When the first big Paradox backlash oc
become hobgoblins (see Mage, page 178). These persist and
grow worse until the victims either crack or leave the area. In
the words of one noted pulp writer living ina Chantry in San
Francisco, the PKD Paranoia Amplifier "Kills Minds Dead."

[A simple Mind procedure begins the siege; the "Arete"
roll sets up the amplification field and dementia takes its
ffected area

course. Anyone who spends 12 hours orso in thea
. strange things.

needs to make a Willpower roll or notice

[If the subject in question has a clean conscience, the
roll's difficulty is 3; ifhe's got some reason to be paranoid (he's
been doing drugs, is hiding from the cops, has betrayed
someone or possesses some other dark secret), the roll begins
at difficulty 5. For each additional day the PKD remains "on
the job," increase the Willpower roll's difficulty by one (two
days +1, three days +2, four days +3, etc., up toa maximum
of 10).

[If the character makes his roll, everything remains
normal; if not, he begins to hallucinate. Since crowds
tend to share a delusion, the first person to speak her mind
usually sets up the nature of her friend's hallucinations.

54 The Technomancer's Toybox

a

Alternately, the delusions may simply make secrets come
to light, as in Poe's "Tell-Tale Heart." Group hallucina-
tions depend on the minds of the characters and the
whims of the Storyteller, and they grow worse every day,
until one of two things occurs: The victims flee the area,
or the PKD runs out of juice. Clever engineering makes
these little buggers very efficient. Left to its own power, a
PKD runs for 15 days. If supplied hy an outside energy
source, it can run indefinitely.

[The PKD is subtle. Characters in the affected area must
go out of their way to notice the Device; a successful Percep-
tion + Technology roll (difficulty 9) combined with a Level
One Mind Effect is necessary to track the source of the group's
delusions. Even then, the PKD is hard to spot. Assume that
Perception + Technology roll (difficulty 10) to
. arching for

even if characters have been s
, the PKD is easy to destroy. The delu-
take days or.even weeks to go. away]

dentification Card Kit

15, Background Cost 5
even if you're an agent of the
Yerative Richard Drake used a
e" to simplify his life. Since
anywhere, Drake crafted the
al Identification Card Kit. His
ather-bound booklet containing
cards and a badge. All ID
lank. By storing the proper procedure

ence in the computer and keying the
ent configurations, he soon perfected a
fake anything from a business card to a
sbadve. The key was expectation: The cards them-
selves remained blank, but they projected a mental suggestion
based on what the viewer expected to see.

The original Device had a few bugs, of course. During a
chase through an Atlanta science fiction convention, Drake
identified as "Fox Mulder." The local ne ations
carried the story and Drake's cover was compromised. After
that, Drake modified his kit somewhat. The kit's current
version requires a bit of fast thinking from the agent who uses
it; through probability influence (read: Entropy/Mind magick),
s the identity that would work best under the

he gue
circumstances — one that will carry some weight without
standing out too much. Once he'
the Operative keys the badge and cards to accept that iden-

got a persona worked out,

tity, then he proceeds with his investigation. If he guesses
correctly, the Device does the rest of the work; if not, he may
have to fall back on fast wits, fast talk, and the occasional
impression of David Duchovny.

[A simple Effect creates the illusion of a badge with a
successful "Arete" roll, difficulty 6. Activating the Device


IDWS,
=

takes several minutes, but once the procedure has been
finished, the UICK is coincidental. The Kit may not fool
everyone (a character needs to make a roll of Perception +
either Subterfuge or Law, difficulty 7, to spot a fake UICK

badge), but it usually does the trick.}

The Bond Watch

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 7
The saga of this Devi

begins not on the frontlines of
the War for Reality, but in the movies. The producers of the
successful James Bond films understood the value of product
placement. If 007 hid some of his gadgets in an expensive
wristwatch, and if he had to check the time while he was using
them, the face and name of a mass-manufactured brand of
wristwatch — Bond's watch — would be displayed 10-feet
high on silver screens throughout the world.

While academicians and isolated researchers like to be as
subtle as possible, they realize that a really talented NWO
Operative may insist on the occasional perk — like a flashy
little gadget or two — before he'll give his all in the field
Thus, the so-called "Bond Watch" has become a commonly-
requested item in Q Division, much to the consternation of
the analysts in charge.

These watches are usually made-to-order. With a little
bit of Quintessence and programming, a Bond Watch can:

track a homing signal;

and cables with a miniature circular

cut through rope:

saw;

emit a fine-tuned laser;

function as a communications device;

radiate an electromagnetic field;

.

deliver an electric shock from the face plate;
and perform many other minor but useful functions.
Here's word to the wise: Agents who go in for flashy,
vulgar procedures and Devices really irritate the Q Division
supervisors. If a field Operative can be responsible with his
Devices (or in the words of some Gray Men, "not get caught"),
By contrast, anyone caught rescuing a
beautiful young blond by firing lasers at the "bad guys" will
Rent-a-Car

his privileges incre

wind up waiting behind the mook at the Het

booth who's waiting to check out his black luxury
Nonethel
line up tosee the latest spy movie, the easier it will be for field

agents will be agents, and the more people who

agents to convince witnesses that they've got a good deal
going with ML. 5. So be it

[For the most part, a Bond Watch's powers should be left
to Storytelling. An "Arete" roll determines whether or not the
Watch functions, and a simple Matter or Forces/Prime Effect
performs the task. In the media-saturated Western World, this
Device is often coincidental; in rural areas, however, the Watch
refuses to work at the most inconvenient times....]

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 55


NO All

e+e Exo-Musculature and

Exo-Skeletons

Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost 6
(Exo-Musculature) or 8 (Exo-Skeleton)

Iteration X shock troops sum up the armor issue in two
simple words: Exo-skeletons suck. While they may look good
on the posters on your wall, six-inch thick armor-plated suits
are slow and difficult to maneuyer. While it's fun to watch the
effect one has on a bunch of reality deviants while you're
playing Metallica through the external speakers, it's rather
pointless if the herd can easily outrun you. Thus, Q Division
and the Clockwork Convention have put a lot of work into

all-hell

nt improve-

a suit of armor that is, as they say, sexy

Exo-musculature is one of the most r

ments. Strands of Primium are integrated with synthetic
muscle tissue. The result is a muscled "body suit" that not only
augments agility and strength, but it resists light gunfire as
well, Most of the armor is ablative, since a few chunks are
going to get shredded by heavy weapons fire anyway; none

theless, with a few tailored adjustments, an It X'er in an

exo-muscle bodysuit looks more like a die-hard bodybuilder

than a Go-Bot or T:

ansformer. (As some cyborgs point out,
beautiful women don't want to fuck Transformers. Body

builders? Well...)

On the Horizon — that is, away from Earth and the

watchful eyes of Sleepers — exo-skeletons still come in
handy. Improvements in development have made the armor
tougher than ever, although it does slow down the user's
agility. Nonetheless, this type of armor doesn't get chewed up
quickly ina fight — it reduces a fairly consistent amount of
damage and is rapidly repaired or replaced. ExoJocks remark
that none of the alleged "beautiful women" that frontline
cyborgs brag about would really want to see what a fusillade
of gunfire does to the flesh and bone of exo-musculature. No
one wants to sleep with a walking serving of Hamburger
Helper. This, then, gave rise to a common ExoJock motto:
"Get Hard. Steel is Safer."

Admittedly, exo-musculature takes time to repair when
it gets damaged. A trained Progenitor can restore the im-
plants through procedures that require a little less than twice
the time it takes to restore flesh. For this reason, ExoJocks
who favor synthetic flesh prefer bulky clothes — trenchcoats,
dusters, padded ski vests, that sort of thing —to hide the scars
while their bodies heal. Somehow, their style hasn't caught
on among the non-augmented Operatives who've been as-
signed to work with them. Go figure.

[Essentially, these modifications create a permanent
Better Body Effect (see Mage, pages 202-203), which boosts
the "wearer's" Strength, Dexterity and Stamina, grants him


innate countermagick and allows him to soak aggravated
damage — something normal human beings cannot do. The
cost: a few Background points and three permanent points of
Paradox, which are added to the character's sheet. These
points add three dice to any Paradox backlash roll, but do not
go away unless the biomodifications are somehow removed
from the cyborg's body. In story terms, these Devices can be
problematic, too; they often come with the expectation of
loyalty, selflessness and periodic brainwashing (see Technoc-
racy: Iteration X for details). It's been said that a cyborg's
body belongs to the Convention, not to him. A lot of dead
ExoJocks can attest that the

¢ Exo-Musculature ("Muscleboy") Traits: +2 Strength,
+1 Dexterity, +2 Stamina, Armor 2, one die of countermagick,
six additional Health Levels

 Exo-Skeleton ("Transformer") Trai it
+0 Dexterity, +4 Stamina, Armor 844
countermagick, six additional Health Le}

[This equipment ma'
personnel or conditioned Sleepers. (Se
Technocracy: Iteration X, pages 51-53

«Kinetic Transfer
(KTS)

Arete 5, Quintessence 2

aying is true.

—_

be installed

The joy of every Technoa
fer Safeguard (KTS) turns the st
useful armor. Different models
protection, but for maximum efficie Rg}
in the shape of a slightly ov
Kevlar, but a piezoelectric crystal lattice

sized coal

into the layers of the defensive textile. Gi
Sanddrop Laboratory —a division of Sandler

Void Engine Designs — the crystals form t

effectiveness of the KTS.

Every kinetic bump, thump and crash that the agent —and
therefore, his trenchcoat — suffer is translated into electricity.
The jacket insulates the wearer from the shock; the same cannot
be said for the next person, place or thing that the Technocrat
touches. With a KTS, a Black Hat can expect to come through
most car crashes, falls and gunshots with some minimal damage
and a hefty electrical jolt to discharge. This discharge is usually
channeled through a handy magnetic gun, implanted in an
agent's lower arm for just this purpose, or through a sharpened
claw, blade or other hand-to-hand weapon.

According to the stolen memoirs of subterranean re-
searcher Dee Wegman, the KTS enabled her to survive the
surprise attack of an enraged Verbena. The force of the caber
(an extremely large tree trunk) that the Scotsman threw at
her generated enough electricity to melt the barrel of her
Wasp Mark 7 energy rifle. The Verbena, we are told, was
cooked like a Waffle House special. Dr. Wegman was knocked
down and slightly bummed, but otherwise unhurt.

Still, a KTS doesn't make a Mirrorshade invincible. An
energy overload — caused by a extremely hard blow, a series
of shocks or a powerful discharge — can destabilize the
crystalline structure. This, in turn, wrecks the coat's ability to
translate kinetics into electricity. Fortunately for Technoc-
racy agents at large, the KTS can be realigned in a powerful
magnetic field set especially for that purpose. Realignment
centers receive KTS trenchcoats and other clothing daily; an
agent simply drops her damaged contraption off at her local
safehouse or sends it to an approved realignment center via a
Convention-approved courier (with all of the appropriate
forms filled out in triplicate, of course). The clothing that
houses the KTS isn't nearly as sturdy — most jackets must be
remade from scratch. Total r

mbly takes between three to

nine workin,
sia

electrical shock. The "Arete" roll (diffi-
ow much damage the coat can take. The
makes the roll and checks the Damage
he jacket absorbs harm as if the mage
Wigpels that amount of damage in an
Mber that Forces attacks add one

or takes a hit worth eight Health
Scoat "rolls" its "Arete" and wins
for Forces, this becomes three
damage. Judy's Technocrat absorbs
ather two normally, and generates a six-

y against the next thing she touches with

material rips and the KTS becomes
Aitor, if she survives, can send the Device
epairs. Until then, it''sanormal jacket made
loth mesh. A coat that runs out of Quintes-
sence (that is, one that takes more than 25 hits without repairs)
tears on its 26th shot. A KTS that's taken this much punish-
ment must be retired — it's no good anymore.]

ee Lesser Viasilicos
(VEE~-a-SIL~-i-cos)

Arete 6, Quintessence 30, Background Cost 9 (but
rare; see below)

Owning one of these relics from the 15th century is a
source of pride for high-ranking Technocrats. As the millen-
nium approaches, many Men in White and Comptrollers feel
aneed to look to the Union's past to justify their actions. Each
Viasilicos is a relic from the days of the Order of Reason, a
legendary Device that gave Enlightened Ones a prodigious
edge over anachronistic magi.

The Lesser Viasilicos is a type of "seeing stone" used for
communicating over great distances. When Artificers first
crafted these Devices, they sculpted them into symmetrical
shapes — polygons, crystals and other simple orderly forms.

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 57

WN A

V/ aN

ID. Ws

Nee ||

WZ

ed from quartz and illuminated with refracted sunlight,

these large "stones" displayed images in their polished facets,

Throughout the 14th and 15th centuries, Enlightened lead-
ers used them to debate and converse across many leagues.
These Devices also made it possible to coordinate conspira-
torial activities in major cities with more remote guilds and
brotherhoods ih outlying communities.

Operating one of these "seeing stones" still requires a
high degree of Enlightenment. Communicating with other
stones is somewhat difficult, as most Viasilicos have been
keyed only to certain locations. Activating one usually re-

quires a full hour of meditation, but going to the trouble of

activating a Lesser Viasilicos can be quite impressiv
ministrators find it somewhat flattering and inspirational to

be contacted hy another high ranlang offic ficial pe te

matter of aie
reason, they must be wala,

infarious White Towerof ON inet

aiid ies Ei Oak
Circle of Languedoc have su
been presumed destroyed.) Thay
keeps one of the surviving stones"
Plexiglas case and surrounded with ate

Tegent! clrcalotingshrougl che hallways of Research Collec-

tives concerns the missing four Greater Viasilicos from the

Circle of 1
Circle. As one would expect, the rumor is fervently denied,

nguedoe and their purpose within the Inner

and Technocrats who pursue the matter too freely are often
summarily punished.
[A vulgar E

archaic "conferen

fect links two or more stones together for an
all." Once the connection is established

(through an "Arete" roll, difficulty 7, on the part of the caller),
the conversation takes place like a normal phone call.]

e+e PlastiSkin

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

Life often imitates art — especially when the "life" in
question comes from the demented minds of young Progeni-
tors. A certain group of Progenitor Students (also noted for
creating weird beasties like Pander the Frog-Tongued Cat)
got kinda wired one night while watching Mission: Impossible
reruns. Inspired by the old gimmick wherein an enemy spy is
duped by a "close friend" who's actually an IMF agent in an

58 The Technomancer's Toybox

elaborate mask, the infamous amalgam went to work perfect-
ig. Thus, PlastiSkin was

ing a real-life version of the M.I. ge
born.

Take two parts synthetic skin, a dose of Quintessence
and a little bit of artistic ability, and you've got the makings
an be sculpted,

ofa perfect disguise. Before a PlastiSkin face
the Progenitor making it needs photographs of the subject
from several angles anda little influence over Mind. Once all
of the pieces are assembled, the Progenitor can sculpt the
‘Skin to whatever likeness she desires. This process involves

more than just re-creating the features, though; a series of

adjustments must be made to allow for a range of facial

expressions, voice modulations and identifying marks. The

whole process of creating a PlastiSkin mask takes several

a PlastiSkin face only takes a few seconds, but
¢ be worn for longer than 24 hours. Even
g _ to flawless, you still need toknow

i pe tiiiicaritaimounicotactingtalene

oe teehniques for sacle caveiigh eeA tHE

fess, PlastiSkin tends to be a great
#hy learn about it tend to become
r i invoking their Arts to confirm
xf € erhey encounter. (Not that I'm
P. bu, just trying to tip you off to

was invented, three

sity to witness the final exams of a
‘ors. Out of a class of several dozen
rates were to be shipped to a much-
h Collective in Richmond. Five minutes
Ivin Zenforth, the leader of the university's
lis#tudy group, still hadn't shown up. Stephen
Thundran, a representative from the Richmond Collective,
expressed great concern over Zenforth's absence. He then
began to praise Alvin's study group, interrupting the first test
by stating to the assembled students how sorry he was that one
of the most promising students in the school could notattend.
Thundran then canceled the exams.

The student
from the speaker. As the theme song from a certain mid-'90s
em, Alvin

onfusion was met with howls of laughter

room's sound s

spy movie played over the cl
Zenforth tore away his newly invented PlastiSkin replica of
Stephen Thundran'
remaining professors that his "mission had been accom-
plished." Fearing the consequences of what might happen if
astudent like Alvin defected to "the other side," the remain-
ing proctors promoted Alvin within a matter of days, gave
him more than a passing grade and promptly assigned him to
S.

He then declared to the two

faci

a deep-space patrol with an amalgam of Void Enginee!
[A coincidental Life Effect replicates the target's fea-
an additional Mind tweak plants the suggestion that
A good

tures;
the Technocrat is indeed the person she claims to be.


mimic can masquerade as anyone in her general size category
with the help of her disguise; additional Wits + Acting or
Manipulation + Subterfuge rolls might be necessary to carry
the disguise off, but unless the Device's "Arete" roll fails, the
PlastiSkin creates a perfect physical match]

e+e Remote Sensors
Arete 5, Quinte:

When trouble breaks out, every amalgam of the notori

sence 25, Background Cost 8

ous Men in Black has one overriding imperative: The
individuals must function as a team. The leader of that team
must constantly search for ways to improve his group's perfor:
mance. Ten years ago, Special Agent PK7728 requisitioned
a rather simple Device to solve this basic problem

Like many Black Suit amalgams, his team was a mixture
of slightly Awakened Technomancers and un-Awakened
Sleeper sympathizers. They had experience working together,
but PK7728 still wasn't satisfied with their results. Their

response time was slow, and coordinating 10 agents at a time
was extremely difficult. Thus, Agent PK7728 made a special

request to Q Division: Equip all of his agents with simple
surveillance Devices so that he could watch their progress in
the field. Through extensive Mind procedures, PK7728 would
then be able to respond to what he saw by giving his team
more precise telepathic commands.

Fortunately, it's easy to hide a miniature camera in the
frame of a pair of sunglasses, or to stash a Quintessence-

sensing Device in a lapel pin. PK7728 employed a full range

of sensor gear, from visual monitors to technomagickal scan-
ners. Through these tiny sensors, any Technocratic team
leader Enlightened or not can mark his soldiers'
progress. An Awakened Operative maintaining contact with
his team through remote sensors can rapidly shift his percep-
tion and watch through the eyes of a dozen men. If he has
enough influence over Correspondence, he can see the per-
spectives of several agents at once. In larger amalgams, one
NWO Gray Suit (an NWO infiltration officer) can use
remote sensors to direct several Men in Black simultaneously,
while the more experienced Technomancers move into po-
sition.

After years of perfecting his equipment and tactics,
PK7728 makes ita habit to keep a laptop in his luxury sedan
From the safety of his bulletproof "command center," he
observes several Operatives at once by multi-tasking their
remote sensors through his computer. As a result, he has the
highest success rate of any team leader in the New York area.

Watch your backs in the Big Apple, kids — PK7

job, and he's got eyes on all sides of his head.

ison the

[Through a combination of Correspondence and Mind
focused through a monitor, sensors and transmitters, an NWO

ink 3: Black Hats

Mirrorshades


field commander can almost literally "see through his troop's

eyes." The "Arete" roll sets up the link, which exists for up to 25

hours before the batteries go dead. In the meantime, what they

see, he sees. In game terms, assume this lets a distant officer
coordinate battle plans as if he views everything from a godlike
perspective. If the troops can't see something, of course, the
commander can't see it either. This Device is coincidental and
may be used by Enlightened or un-Enlightened personnel.]

ees Scout Drone

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 7

Lots of scientists like to take credit for these literal bugs.
No one knows where the original design came from, but
they've been flying around since the Cold War began. To
resolvea pile of patent suits, the Technocratic Parent Review
Board finally released the schematics into open (Techno-
cratic) circulation — a Solomonic decision (if Lever heard
one! Now everybody's gota different versignji've heard there
are nearly as many "custom" Drone design§ as there are
species of insect. Personally, | doubt ghat's true, but you've
gotta give the Mirrorshades credit. Bvery mierotechnician
worth the title has cooked up a Dron® or two, and most have
perfected a dozen or more. In use givalsides of the Ascension
War, Drones are the quintessential spying Devices —Quie ky
tiny and hard to catch.

The basic concept is pretty simple?\A ‘small maching,
built on the aerodynamic principles of wasps and hornets,
carries a sensor array. The "head" houses ja tiny camera
system, and the midsection contains tiny energy cells and,
wing-engines. Adaptive camouflage onthe outer shell makes
the Drone difficult to see; when it hovers, it's dann uear
impossible to spot. These little spies don't make) much
noise — they're about as conspicuous as a trapped insect, and
appear to be exactly that, unless you get a really clése look.

Drones can fly in through open windows, make quick

passes through rooms or down halls, and even drop a few
listening devices (shelled with the same adaptive camou-
flage) before retreating. Extremely stealthy, fast and subtle
spies, these beasties go to pieces if you hit ‘em. This fragility
is a mixed blessing — an idiot with a flyswatter can end a
crucial survey attempt, but on the other hand, a smashed
Drone tells no tales, either

{The average Scout Drone has an effective perception
Dice Pool of four, an Arcane Background of 2 anda transmis:
sion range of three miles. Many variations exist. Under most
circumstances, Scout Drones are coincidental.]

eee Styx Armor™
Arete 3, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost 6
Achilles was brought down by a shot in his heel because his
careless mother did not dip that one part in the River Styx. Now we
bring the river to you, and no part goes uncovered by our
miraculous technology

— From an advertising brochure for Styx Armor™

60 The Technomancer's Toybox

Nanotech is a booming field in the Technocracy. Every-

day, the un-Enlightened are allowed to "discover" more and
more innovations in microtechnology. Styx Armor™ (patent
#A046,327) is a simple and effective application of the
wonders of machines too small to see. Invented by Dr.
Kurisaki at Knossos Labs in California, this brilliantly de-

signed "technovirus" provides people with armor as close as

their skin — because ir is their skin

The self-replicating microscopic machines that create

Styx Armor'™ are injected into the wearer's bloodstream.
From there, they migrate to the basal connective tissue under

flexible latticework

the skin and begin their work: weaving
of super-strong fibers (based on spider silk, which is 10 times
as strong as steel) just under the skin, The "wearer" notices
nothing aside from a slight thickening of his skin and a
tendency to form calluses. The nanotech remains in the host
body, repairing and maintaining the fibers. When the body
suffers a shock, the fibers absorb most of the impact, then
rebuild themselves once the trauma has passed

Styx Armft™ 9s not as effective as, say, Kevlar, but it's
far more yersatile and effectively invisible. It won't turn
bullets, but it can deflect the worst of the tissue damage. Knife
wounds become scratches and punches feel like kisses. As
long asitheiweareravoid#X-tay machines, microscopes and
niaii¢kal life-scans, rhe armor temains completely undetect-
able; the Black Hat seems really tough and really lucky, but
uot inhumanly so. Hence, Styx Armor™ is, under most
‘conditions, Paradox-free. (The complications come, I'm told,
when you try to combine this stuff with other cybernetics.
Apparent!y/ the whole mess turns on itself, making oatmeal
‘of the T echnoctat who was stupid enough to pile the gadgets
on.)

Seyx Armor™ is moderately expensive, but easy to
obtain. Maintenance is almost nil — the wearer must con-
sume a few hundred extra calories a day to fuel the nanotech,

but things are normal otherwise. Monitoring physicians ad-
minister Maintenance Capsules during bi-weekly check-ups,
providing the biotech with whatever materials it can't get
from the host body. Unlike the really comprehensive nanotech
that the Progenitors supposedly keep under wraps (see Tech-

nocracy: Progenitors), Styx Armor™ doesn't throw its
"wearer's" body completely out of whack. It does, however,
occasionally cause tissue rejection in some cases. Be warned,
meshheads!

[Styx Armor™ grants its "wearer" four additional soak
dice and allows her to soak aggravated damage. Unlike most
forms of armor, this Device covers the entire body. The
"Arete" roll is made against difficulty 6 when the Device is
first "installed"; if it's successful, they are no complications. If
it fails, the user's body rejects the modifications and new
cybernetics must be "installed" at +1 difficulty. If the roll

comesupa botch, the tissue rejection is pretty extreme. Some

nasty side effects tearing flesh, serious illness, chronic pain,

deformation, etc. — results, and the nanotech will be effec-


tively useless. Any attempt to add more cybernetics or

X

nanotech to an agent equipped with Styx Armor™ demands
an additional "Arete" roll at difficulty 9; unless this roll
succeeds, the agent is in for a very bad time... This Device,
which may be used in un-Enlightened agents, is usually
coincidental.

XI4. A Thunderhead

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

The biggest problems with a BFG (Big Fucking Gun)
involve recoil, weight and ammunition. The Thunderhead
sequence X14 A solves two of these difficulties and minimizes
the third. Hence, this nasty S.O.B. has become one of the
most popular heavy-duty weapons in the Technocracy, a
blessing for phallically-impaired enforcers of every Conven-
tion,

Designed for maximum intimidation, the Thunderhead
is BIG. Its Gatling configuration boasts 10 spinning barrels
anda huge ammo clip. A definite two-hander, this monstros-
ity weighs in at around 10 kg and chambers custom-made
10mm AET (Accelerated Energy Transfer) rounds. It roars
like its namesake, sending 1000 metal bolts per minute into
its target. Anything remotely mortal that stands in this gun's
path is dead before it hits the ground — which, of course,
makes this a perfect mop-up weapon if you've got no reason
to be subtle.

Despite its size and power, however, this gun is surpris-
ingly easy to use. If the gun were designed by un-Enlightened
manufacturers, Arnold Schwarzenegger himself couldn't
handle the recoil it would create. Given the (ahem) ad.
vanced nature of the Thunderhead, it transfers most of that
power back through a custom-designed kinetic-absorption
system. The weapon itself is made of crafted alloys (read:
Matter science by-products) that can withstand stresses that
would tear a normal gun apart. Since the average person
conditioned as he is by TV and action films — can't be
expected to know just how advanced this feat of engineering
really is, the X14 A Thunderhead is usually coincidental.
Even a Sleeper can use one, although he'll find that it has a

tendency to jam whenever he fires it

Since the gun went into production in 1987, several
thousand of them haye been produced. Although the major-
ity of these killers reside in Technocracy safehouses and
Horizon Constructs, there are a fair amount of them in open
circulation. Fortunately for the state of the world, the Thun-
derhead is pretty fragile; it takes a skilled (read: Awakened)
gunsmith to fix any problems it might have, and it chambers
a special ammunition that only Iteration X makes. These
"control measures" ensure that a Thunderhead in the wrong
hands has a limited — if lethal — shelf life:

{In Awakened hands, assume that the Thunderhead is
simply a really nasty gun. If a Sleeper or other supernatural
creature attempts to use the gun, however, roll the Device's
"Arete" to activate the mechanism. If the roll fails, the gun

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 61


NOW Ail

NZ

refuses to fire; ifit comes up asa botch, the gun jams and must
be fixed by a Technocratic (or at least Technocracy-trained)
gunsmith.

[X14 A Thunderhead Statistics
Difficulty: 8 Damage: 12 Range:200 Rate: 5
Clip: 100 Conceal: No way!]

«+> Youth Drugs

Arete 3, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost 6 per
dozen

With an efficiency that would do Ponce de Leon proud,
these Technocratic bribes provide "water from the fountain

of youth" to a select few. While the Progenitors (and their
predecessor, the Ey tie Circle had developed youth

voward longevity had t to he ‘developed
* Statis

The most dramatic modern anti-

oped earlier this century. Dr. L.
remarkable standing, created the first

in 1943 while looking for a "yout

clinical trials revealed ravagi
examined rie detrimental 6 c

"The fies of S selSanplah,' be
are astounding, but remain well withii
dental magick. Usual explanations
consequences range from "providing the
aging agents" and "slowing, and even halting, the}
of harmful fre:

radicals" to "deactivating genetic obsoles-

cence." Patients take the drug daily, gently shaping their lives

toasoothingritual —too soothing, apparently, to notice that
within a week, they've become addicted to the treatment.
Statis halts all aging (skin and hair changes, body aches,
joint stiffness) as long as it's taken regularly, and it provides
a brief shot of euphoria within a half-hour of each daily dose.
It also halts internal aging, such as atherosclerosis and
Alzheimer's Disease, making it a dramatic draw for many
elderly folks who might otherwise patronize Dr. Kevorkian's
services. However, Statis doesnot extend the human life span
— in fact, it may shorten it, since it increases the chance of
kidney di

in long-term users.

A patient attempting to withdraw from the drug suffers
uncontrollable trembling, depression and "accelerated ag-
ing" for between three days to a month. Her hair may turn
white, or her skin may wither to the consistency of dry tissue-
paper; her joints mighr flare into arthritic agony. These
symptoms deliberately mirror the effects of old age, sending a

62 The Technomancer's Toybox

not-so-subtle message to the would-be defector: Return to us,
and we'll make it go away. Stay on your own — and perish.

* Quin

Quinachronodine (from Quintessence and achrono, "with-
out time"), better known as "Quin," is a much more powerful
drug than Statis. Created by R.A. Hunt during the search for
a long-term stimulant, this drug was approved by the review
board for use in desperate situations where someone needs to
be convinced to do a large favor for the Technocracy right
now. It's usually administered by weekly injection, accompa-
nied by other "treatments" designed to make its powerful
effects somewhat more coincidental.

Quin actually reverses the aging process. People look and

feel youngerafter a few days, even hours. [tcannot turn gray hair
it does eliminate arthritis and wrinkles. Older

sing her body to build muscle, drop weight
h skin. (""Why, dahling, that new diet has

s people look nubile and fiercely
@ver, comes for free. Like Stratis,
but the withdrawal symptoms
lucinations, seizures and heart
f a missed dose.
hly for a limited time, though.
neurotransmitters in the brain.
the patient begins

Some personality types will

do anything for a deadly pales The drug is, however, extremely

expensive, since it takes actual raw Quintessence to produce
(one dram of Tass for every 10 doses).

Subjects using either Statis or Quin need to be closely
monitored, Anextremely small percentage of Statis users (0.8%
according to the statisticians) show signs of psychic abilities. A
slightly larger percentage of Quin users develop violent flu
symptoms — symptoms that appear to be communicable.
Speculations abound that Quin might be the cause of a superflu
strain that even the Progenitors haven't been able to defeat.

Despite the side effects, many frontline Operatives keep ready
supplies of both drugs for special missions or faithful supporters.

[The effects of these wonder-drugs are best left to
roleplaying and Storytelling. They do not increase Physical
Traits in any way, although they may counteract the Age
Flaw (sce The Book of Shadows, page 35) at the Storytellers
discretion. Both drugs do set up a physical and psychological
dependence, however, and may give a character the Addic-
tion Flaw (ibid., page 30), again at the Storyteller's insistence.


[As an optional rule, your troupe may decide to require an
"Arete" roll when a character begins takinga drug; ifit succeeds,
the effects are normal; if it fails, nothing happens; if it botches,
theside effects begin immediately. These drugs were designed to
be used by Sleepers, and are totally coincidental.]

sees The Cephalic VCR

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 9
Crafted from the shell of an ordinary video cassette

recorder, the Cephalic VCR turns falsified video images into
memories. Seeing really is believing when the Black Hats
hook you up to one of these babies.

From the outside, the Cephalic VCR looks perfectly typi-
cal. The invention's interior features an arcanely-wired series of
circuits that would makean electrician cringe. Eve:
canstill play regular VHS tapes without any unus
amusing toy includes an added feature, howeyé
colored wires plug into extra sockets in the,
is attached to a small circular half-inc!
affixed, witha specially-formulated salin
of an abductee. When a doctored tape.
the viewer receives a gently massagi
through his cerebral cortex. Thec
trance-state. In the comfort of hi
mind), the abductee then ex

recording through his frontal 18
— so vivid, in fact, that it seent
, that he's experie
images then become memories, pe!

images are re:

The history of this Device dem«
function: planting false memories ina $
awriter in Berkeley became convinced t
a spacecraft crash in Muir Park, a group of
quickly "sanitized" the site, erasingall evidence
Void Engineer ship. However, they still needed to convince
the only witness that the event had never occurred. By
extensively videotaping the cleaned-up site, they "acquired"
enough evidence to prove to the young ufologist that there
were no telltale scorch marks in the woods, that there had

never really been a small, two-man craft caught in the higher
branches of a redwood tree.

Late one night, black-clad representatives from a "gov-
emmmentagency" drove up to the witness's front door. Showing
the tape on his VCR wasn't enough to convince him the
accident hadn't taken place, so the small group of "concerned
citizens" who had been invited into the writer's home ren-
dered him unconscious with a carefully administered electric
shock. They then secured him in his soft, padded livingroom
chair with duct tape. After jury-rigging a system of wires to the
respected ufologist's forehead and playing the tape again,
they persuaded the unconscious witness that, in fact, he had
never really seen any evidence of an "alien visitation."
Believing that he was reliving his trip through the woods, the

witness was convinced that he had seen nothing at all.

Sadly, events take a darker turn at this point. The three
Men in Black realized the full impact of their discovery. They
wanted to test out the invention's application further before
submitting the prototype to Q Division. The witness had a
six-year-old daughter who (thankfully) was sleeping over at
afriend's house that night. What kind of results, the Operatives
wondered, would we get if we tried other tapes in the VCR?

Within a matter of hours, the ufologist was on the Internet
reporting further details ofhis marvelous discovery. He recanted
hisstory about what he hadseen at the alleged crash site; he then
insisted that he had witnessed the playful antics of a village of
blue Smurfs instead, received revelations froma creature named
"Elmo" about the glory of the number four, and spent a cheerful
evening singing songs with a large purple dinosaur. The bound-

y ty and television had been shattered, and the
tion in his parapsychological community was

¢ where he waits for his friends in the
e out and visit him again."
tool sets up an intense false memory
a successful "Arete" roll and some
e. Like many Mind-influenced
is often coincidental.
effects, a victim must pit his
"Arete" in a series of four
je character wins, he keeps his
e machine wins, the impres-
fer how ludicrous they mightseem
fons, perfect in every detail. Natu-
n of those false impressions might
Blogist suspicious. Under most circum-
le Men in Black are too clever to create
scenarios. (See Technocracy: NWO for
mental reprogramming.)]

Heiho no Sebrio,

the Samurai Suit

Arete 6, Quintessence 30, Background Cost N/A
A combination of protection, symbolism and weaponry,

armor has been a mainstay of the Convention since the earliest
days of the Order of Reason. While the old suits of Titan Armor
that made the Order's troops so invincible during the Renais-
sance are long obsolete, their legacy has carried over into the
newest battle suits that the Technocracy has to offer.

Most Western power armor designs enhance the strength
of the stereotypical beefy farmboy recruit and provide him
with some shielding and big guns. A small group of Void
Engineers in Japan, headed by M.R. Fujikawa, developed a
revolutionary new armor system: the Heihé no Sebrio, a.k.a.,
the Samurai Suit. Working on the tenet that the strength of
the warrior is in his spirit, not his bicep diameter, this suit
completely supplants the need for brawn. A small pilot
becomes a distinct combat advantage when his suit can pack

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 63

IW

Zn

ll S\_ 2

mmo than the muscle-boy recruit's

100 more pounds «
standard issue mechanical wet dream

The Samurai Suit itself stands almost three meters high
The pilot rides in a feral position within the torso, running all
operations via direct nerve impulses through jacks into the
pilot's brain. The original test pilots volunteered from the ranks

of aging World War II veterans, whose experiences in brutal

Pacific battles remained imprinted in the recesses of their minds.
Their amazing store of tactical and combat skills needed a little

nudging from Pharmacopeist drugs, but soon their facilities and

finesse retumed full-force. Now they live in the armor, sustained
by life support systems and periodic physical therapy, surrender
ing theirnear-useless flesh bodies for powerful, mechanical ones
Their original eyes, failing from age and poor health, have been
removed and replaced with datajacks and associated biochips.
The armor provides perceptions far beyond the normal human

range through the cerebral umbilicus, and the biochips permit

the pilot to interpret this data accurately. With help from the
Samurai Suit, these elderly men can preserve their warrior spirits
despite the betrayal of their flesh

Each suit of armor is designed a bit differently; the

modifications favor the pilot's skills and the commander's
needs. The basic weaponry package includes a rapid-fire
5.56mm anti-infantry weapon on the left shoulder, an auto-
matic cannon set on the right arm, an enormous battle claw
set on the left hand, and the Suit's innate strength. Other
common mods include flame-throwers, dart cannons, deflec-
tion fields, electric-pulse grips and pinpoint laser batteries

A Heihé no Sebrio is formidable, no doubt about it. Too

formidable, sometimes, for its own good. Despite the popularity
of animé, manga and American SF flicks, a 10-foot, three-ton

man-like monstrosity is still a Paradox magnet whenever it

shows up on the consensual side of the Gauntlet. The Void
Engineers keep this Go-Bot squad in the Deep Universe for
now, just to be safe. With the "close encounters" they have out
there, I'm sure they keep their Frankensteins busy. Every so
often, I've heard about extreme mop-up operations that re-
quired moving a Samurai Suit or two across to this side of the
Barrier. I'm glad I wasn't around to see the mess they must have
made! From all indications, the Engineers are getting ready to

release "prototypes" into the public view to prepare the Sleepers
forthe inevitable powerarmor brigades. Naturally, thisisall part
of "top secret government military experiments"; the current

treaties regarding Japan's military hardware are being slowly

shredded to make way for "innovations" that have already been

on the Technocracy payroll for some 15 years. What better
staging area could they have than Japan, whose movies and
comics have featured power armorsuits for nearly three decades?

As I understand it, the current Hethd no Sebrio squad
includes 15 battle-ready units. A second squad (composed of
younger recruits) is supposedly in training. Fujikawa and his
team hope to buy a significant amount of influence in the

coming years. With innovations like the Heihd no Sebrio, I've
got my money on them,

[These monstrosities stride into battle using their
"Aretes" as sensor Dice Pools. To lock onto a target, a power
armor suit rolls its "Arete" against difficulty 6; Arcane,
Stealth and other modifiers may increase that difficulty
somewhat, bur normal targets are easy to spot, even in

darkness or bad weather.

[In the Deep Umbra, the Storyteller may considera Samurai
Suit coincidental; at che moment, it's vulgar on this side of the
Gauntlet and needs to make an "Arete" roll (difficulty 8, or 9 if
Sleepers are present) when it first appears. A failed roll indicates
gome thinior mechanical problem, like fluttery sensors'or ball
weapon syitems..A botched roll creates'a major malfunction —
perhaps even an explosion — at some appropriate moment, The.
disaster may strike at some future time, but it will/happen!

[The Quintessence pool represents one ofthe Suit'sbiggest
drawbacks: fuel consumption. A Samurai Suit an walk around
all day, but it burns energy very quickly ina fight) The Quintes-
sence rating reflects the Suit's "battle state'; uhder_normal.
combat conditions, the Device can! work for 30, turns (or
minutes) before it needs to be recharged. This process requires
at least a half-hour and a proper réchatying facility.

[No normal human being gan tidé.in a Samurai Suit; the
pilots have undergone special training, biomodification and.
indoctrination, and cannot leave their Suits without dying:
Although they're technically Sleepers, thesepilots have been,
conditioned to accept their state. Neither meninor machines,
these modern bushi are semi-Awakened hybrids of both.]

[Power Armor Traits}
Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Intimidation 6, Firearms 4,
Melee 4, Technology 3, Computer 3, Linguisttes*(eomputer
translators) 6

Spheres: none (but see below)
Willpower: 6
Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x3), -2, -4, Destroyed
Armor Rating: 8 (13 soak dice, total)
Attacks/Powers: 5.56mm cannon (400 rounds, Diffi-
culty 7, Damage 10, Range 200, Rate 3); 20mm auto-cannon

(five rounds, Difficulty 6, Damage 13 die explosion, Range

100, Rate 1); claw (Difficulty 6,
violet and tracking sensors (six dice)

Possible
Flamethrower (Difficulty 6, Damage 6 [aggravated] per turn);
dart cannons (Difficulty 4, Damage 5, Range 50, Rate 5);
deflection field (adds +2 to attackers' "to hit" difficulties);

damage 9); infrared, ultra-

Modifications (up to two per Suit):

electric pulse grips (Difficulty 6, Damage 6 per turn);
pinpoint laser batteries (Difficulty 6, Damage 10, Range 500,
Rate 3)

eee SkinSuits
Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost 8

For Void Engineers, the Etherite "space suit aesthetic"
just doesn't cut it. The ultimate vac suit has to be easy to use
SkinSuits have been the

and easy to wear. With this in mind
latest trend among Voids performing EVA missions. Made of
form-fitting rubber derivatives and various biocomponents,
SkinSuits surround an engineer's flesh with Smm of black
synthetic skin. The helmets are completely clear and provide
360° vision, although they're somewhat smaller than the

traditional Etherboy "goldfish bow!" designs.

By touching helmets, Voids can speak without addi-
tional comm Devices (though such Devices are, of course,
standard equipment). This is considered a very friendly
(eStliFeWHERyoU're in the vacuum of the Deep Universe with
a comrade — more so when this comrade is of the opposite
sex. SkinSuits can'convey a slight degree of tactile sensation,
as well. A Voider inva ‘Suit can feel something brush against
his fingers...and agaist many other sensitive parts of his
anatomy; forthavmatter, (This is considered even friendlier
and isn't entirely uncommon on extremely long patrols.)

Styles of vace suits come and go. Some Voids are terribly
trendy about the whole issue, but more traditional scientists
wetsick of the whole "fashion" debate. Why not stick to what
works? Besides, how are the Engineers going to keep up their
false image of jumpsuit-wearing, clipboard-toting geeks in
front of the other Conventions if they're wearing glorified
latex bondage gear? The debate rages on. One thing's for sure
SkinSuits do the job, and they look good doing it.

{A SkinSuit allows a human being to survive the vacuum
of space deep water, or some other hostile environment. The
elaborate biocomponents allow her to recycle swe
urine and breath into breathable oxygen for up to a week;
after that, the Void Engineer is on her own. This Device is

t, blood,

vulgar, but considering that it's usually used in the Deep
Umbra, that's a moot point.|

eee Trans-Dimensional
Superior Protective Vehicle
(TDSPV)

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 10
Technocrats (poor babies!) live in constant danger. Tradi-

tion mages, vampires, lycanthropes, un-Enlightened criminals

and internal politics all serve to shorten many a life span,

keeping the Progenitors busy with clone work. A wise Techno-
cratalwayshas an eye out for potential hazards. And aseveryone
knows, one of the most dangerous places to he is in transit
especially if you're going to any kind of appointed meeting.
Given this; though, it is noc:surprising: that: the
Mirrorshades have spent a lot of time and cash on the
transportation problem. To date, their crowning achieve-

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 65

IDV

tS ZDN


ZI

ment is the TDSPV, a vehicle based on the principle that the

hest way to survive an attack is not to be there when it

happens. Dr. Elizabeth Harrington of the Void Engineers
constructed this vehicle using some truly unique approaches
to Correspondence, Mind and Dimensional Science. Noone,
as of yet, has been able to duplicate her results — a fact that
renders the patent she holds as pretty much unnecessary

As you might expect, TDSPV

bumpersticker at a hacker's convention. Officially, 27 cars exist,

are rarer than a Bill Clinton

each one of them supervised and partially constructed by Dr.
Harrington. Only the most influential carth-bound Technocrats
get to ride in these machines, and they tend to save them for
occasions where it's important to look impressive. Naturally, a
TDSPV resembles a normal (if well-appointed) limousine. The
passenger compartment is completely sealed off from the outside
and the driver by a sheet of tinted bulletproof glass. The driver
communicates with the passenger compartment only through an
intercom. The pure genius of the design is that once the passen-
gers enter the vehicle and shut the doors, they're not actually
inside the vehicle at all—they're someplace else entirely. Where
is this other place? That's open to debate, though some folks
hypothesize that the TDSPV links toa small pocket Realm. The
passengers remain there (wherever "there" may be) until the
vehicle reaches its destination and they step out. The alternate
interior looks to all the world like the inside ofa limousine; thus,

66 The Technomancer's Toybox

a -

our Friends in Black can take un-Enlightened passengers for a
ride without tweaking anyone's sense of "reality."

From what I've heard, the mileage sucks. The beasts get
about 30 MPG (hey, fora Technocrat's wheels, that's bad) and
they need roughly 10 drams of Tass for every 100 km traveled
Under most circumstances, a TDSPV is Paradox-free. If
anything should happen to the car in transit, well, gee, it's a
good thing those folks inside switched to the decoy car before
the attack/accident/act of God, isn't it? However, magickal
attacks can provoke a backlash if things get really scary

after all, we all know there's only so far you can push Mother

Nature before the bitch gets mad —and as for technomagick
in the car: Not a good idea. I've heard of at least one Grand
Poobah who disappeared into null-space when his cybernet-
ics malfunctioned. (God, can you imagine a Technocratic
Paradox Realm? Talk about boring...)

IA successful "Arete" roll (difficulty 7) shunts the
TDSPV's passengers from the inside of the car to the inside of
the Realm. A failed roll leaves them inside the car, and a
botch...well, you know that Technocratic Paradox Realm?
Any time a passenger tries to activate a magickal procedure

inside the space, the Storytellershould roll the "Arete" again;
a successful roll means that nothing drastic happens; a failed
roll indicates some minor mishap (a misfired spell, a cyber-

netic malfunction, ete.). A botch sends the characters into


the aforementioned Paradox Realm, a cramped limousine
interior with doors that never open.
[Ifthe carisdestroyed in transit, ahomingbeacon activates

back at the owner's Construct. A retrieval gate (a Spirit/

Correspondence Effect) opens the Realm and frees the occu-
pants. Activatingthe gate mightrequirean "Arete" roll (difficulty
8) if the Storyteller wants to complicate matters further. This

selfsame gate might be able to rescue passengers who've been
trapped in the Paradox Realm, but that roll's difficulty rises to
10. Only one "retrieval roll" is allowed per day.

eeeee Black Helicopters

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 10

Any mook can take a trip down to Hertz and rent a black
». It rakes. an amazing lack of subtlety to,threaten a
Chantry by parking a big-ass black car on their lawn. Experi-
enced Black Suits rarely use such crude methods. In fact, few
elite frontline Operatives actually drive to the scene ofa reality
crime. Some Iteration X Armatures and NWO Operatives take
to the air in specially-equipped black helicopters)

luxury sed:

Contrary to the urban legend, black helicopters are not
invisible. They are, however, cloaked with the best tech the
Black Hats can manage on this side of the Gauntlet, Arcane
technomagick renders the ‘coptets inconspicuous; hyper-mad i?
fied "hush engines" dampen engine noise; thermal camouflage
deflects heat sensors and adjusts light refractions off the ‘copter's
surface; finally, mental projectors send "not my business" vibes
our to anyone who might be watching, While, most of these
helicopters are literally painted jet-black, their counter-sensory,
array allows them to essentially disappear. A intimidating
variety of sensors, armor and weaponry completes the package.

This mode of transport was originally used by the New
World Order to move its troops between urban warzones. [In the
beginning, the technology was far from perfect. Devoted con-
spiracy theorists became suspicious of "mysterious helicopters"
flyingover trouble spots. True to form, the conspiracists quickly
misunderstood the ‘copters' real purpose. Some folks began
watching the skies for any kind of helicopter; now they dutifully
record the large registration numbers painted underneath stan-
dard policeand news choppers, then disseminate those numbers
through their networks. The Mirrorshades, in the meantime,
updated their technology, ironed out the bugs, encouraged the
rumors to hide their own activities, and consequently, sent the
theorists barking up all the wrong trees.

Say what you will, the Black Hats aren't entirely stupid

Nowa wide range of theories "explain" the "conspiracy
in the air," ranging from cover-ups over UFO crash sites to
speculation about U.N. detainment camps. Misinformation
isa powerful ally, and the few mundanes who notice the black
helicopters circling overhead don't see them as clearly as they
think they do.

[A black chopper has an effective Arcane Background
of 5, even when it's directly overhead. Its countersensors wipe
out all detection attempts — magickal and technological —

with a successful "Arete" roll (difficulty 6). The Technoc-
racy, of course, possesses counter-countersensors that can
defeat this array. As the man said, the Technocrats aren't
completely stupid

[Although the majority of the Black Helicopter fleet flies
without Primium protection (it'stooexpensive and rare touse on
everything), a few elite ‘copters do have countermagickal armor
that subtract five successes from any magickal Effect east in theit
direction. The average Black Helicopter relies on a counter-
procedure array (that is, a countermagick Dice Pool), which pits

the machine's "Arete" against an attacking mage's own

JA Forces-based haffle system silences the ‘copter's en.
gines and deflects radar, sonar and microwave transmissions.
Custom-tuned radio waves can breach the shield (the Tech
nocrats needa way tocommunicate) and signals sent out from
Peshind te Beramblers pass through without distortion
This wasn't the case in older models, which often wandered
offcourse or crashed when their communications and sensory
gear went haywire. Advanced scanners track Quintessence,
life energies and other paranormal activities through a com
bination of Correspondence, Forces, Life, Prime Spirit and
Time perception Effects (Dice Pool of five). A nasty weapons
package and thick armor complete the nightmare

[Safe Speed: 200 MPH Max Speed: 400 MPH Ma-
neuyerability: 10 Crew: 4 Armor: 10 Weapons: Two
30mm cannons, two 2.75" rocket pods of eight rockets each

[This vehicle is coincidental. Although it requires at
least one Enlightened crewman, it can he flown with a
support crew of un-Enlightened Providers.]

eee+ Cloning Devices
Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 10

Inrecentmonths, the mass media has fallen all over itself

to bring us all the "latest news" on cloning. Naturally, this
reinforces the belief that human cloning (which, as we all
know, was perfected several decades ago at the very least) is
just around the corner. Hell, when the President of the
United States issued public policy statements on the subject,
the idea entered the mainstream which is, of course,
exactly what the Technocracy wanted

Not surprisingly, a great deal of hot air and ink have been
spent on the ethics of cloning — particularly the ethies of
cloning humans. These debates irritate Sarah Dinsdale, a Pro-
genitor working with an amalgam of Gray Men in Austin, Texas.
For her, cloning isn't an abstract ethical isstie — it's one of the
greatest weapons in the War for Reality. Many of her amalgam's
missions involve abducting and cloning the friends and families
of suspected reality deviants (translation, kiddies: us). A little
conditioningassures the loyalty of the "replacements," who then
go to work subverting their "loved ones." Once in place, the
clones cither win their targets over, or destroy them

With cloning in the forefront of sociopolitical debate,
Sarah and her ream have been able to make some pretty drastic
improvements to human clone designs. In the recent past,

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 67

DWE

NOP All

human Xeroxes have been Paradox magnets, quickly deterio-
rating or suffering "design flaws" like poor memory, cancer or
spastic reflexes. These problems are fading quickly. The new
generations of human clones are harder, smarter and more
mentally stable than theirso-called "Superior" predecessors, the
"Victor"-model superhumans. As faras I know (and my sources
of information are pretty damn good), Sarah isstill working out
the bugs in her systems. Two of her innovations, the Memory
Dump and the Field Cloning Vat, have gone a long way toward
accomplishing that goal. Once the flaws are expelled from the
design (if such a thing can happen), she plans to distribute her

findings throughout her Convention. If she succeeds, the real-

life Clone Wars may reach a whole new level of intensity.

© The Memory Dump

Sarah has found that replicating an individual. is, much...

easier if her team can abduct him and dump a8 much of his
memory into storage as they can. By makingateane modifica-
tions to an external computer hard driveyshe's|
expand its capacity from a few gigs to enough te hold a sizable
chunk of the information in a humas mind. The resulting
portable "memory bank" has become a standard item for her
operations. Q Division, seizing the idee Pe eat ota

tion on similar models.

Unfortunately, the download time of a
a bitch —almost 24 hours — and even then, the information.
recovery isn't always complete, There's always a chance
areplicant with an uploaded memory may forget the name of
his dog or the last four digits of his social security m
These telltale clues may tip off a target, especially if she's got

reasons to be suspicious to begin with,

It should be noted that the memory depaledes from a

human mind isn't accessible from inside the storage device.

An obscene amount of data compression makes it nearly

impossible to access the information until the data is up-
loaded into a clone. This frustrates the hell out of the Boys in
Black — many of their missions would be much easier if they
could just pour the sum of an abductee's knowledge into a
memory dumpand retrieve it quickly! Despite this limitation,
a clone witha reconstructed memory is always easier to

condition than the original abductee would have been — and

can be used to break the original "parent" after the cloning

and conditioning process has been completed. People, as they

say, always hate to be betrayed by their own flesh and blood.
* Field Clone Vats
Dumping the memory from an abductee is the first step
toward cloning him. Once the internal data has been pre-
served, gathering enough cellular material to makea coherent

clone takes only about five minutes. Even with that amount

of tissue, however, growing a clone takes about a week. With
asmaller amount of tissue (say, a few hairs or dead skin cells),
the process of replication can take as long as a month

The equipment required for this procedure fits into a
space about the size of a large backpack. Once it's set out and

68 The Technomancer's Toybox

Bo en, Sarah's team ae makes sure the ougiaal has

reassembled, most of the equipment can be used in a regular
bathtub. This makeshift device then functions as a primitive
clone vat. On more than one occasion, Sarah has used her
invention in cheap motel rooms. (Fortunately for her, she has
yet to be discovered by the cleaning staff.)
Convenience has its price, of course. "Bathtub clones"
have higher flaw ratios. A replicant may display strange

habits,

like putting salt on his cereal or whiskey on his Oreos,
or suffer strange skin conditions or tumors. (Curiously, many
clones created for the Men in Black in the early ‘90s were all
created with the same "flaw"
when killed. Cloning techniques have advanced consider-

. to melt and then evaporate

ably since then.) Although several clones can be made from

the sainé origitial, making copits'of Copies is futile, as the
chances. of degene ration increase Besides, releasing m more

"lose their powers" —a sure

as been Xeroxed! Hence, our

‘been stashed away before his replicant is put in place. Once
abducted, the original template can be destroyed, although it's
often far more efficacious to mindwipe, condition, brainwash or
in some other way set the first one aside for later. In fact, a fully-
conditioned original can always be re-substituted for the clone
later, as the more complete memory and genetic structure of
conditioned human makes "it" a far more useful tool

Sarah uses the state of the art in her field. With her
talents at their disposal, Gray Team #ZA99 is quickly gaining
a reputation for ruthless efficiency. With the boundaries of
Paradox being pushed further away from the cloning horizon,
Sarah hopes to teach her methods to other Progenitors. Now
if they could only purge those "alien abduction" memories
from a few of their subjects.

[The Memory Dump use
the subject's memories and place them into an "open" mind.
This requires two "Arete" rolls — one to pull the targe

a powerful procedure to copy

memories and another to place them into a "receptacl
Information overlap and overload makes it damned near
impossible to dump the info into a sentient subject; the two
minds clash and their memories mesh together into a nearly-


incomprehensible mess. Thus, Progenitor Operatives create

X

fresh new bodies to receive the Dump's contents.

[This new body comes courtesy of an elaborate proce-
dure; the process takes quite a while (see above) and requires
a workspace, samples, the equipment and a thorough knowl-
edge of anatomy and cloning science (represented by Science
Knowledges of the fields in question, with ratings of 3 or
higher). The Progenitor needs to get at least five successes on
a vulgar magick roll; the base difficulty of 9 can be modified
to 6 with the proper preparations and equipment. Three rolls
are allowed before the clone deteriorates. As you can imagine,
cloning requires a really advanced Progenitor — unless these

Devices, which facilitate the process, are involved.

(Theoretically, any Technocrat with the proper training

— the Life and Prime Spheres, the Medicine Trait and the

Science Knowledges described above can use the Field

Clone Vats and Memory Dump to create living clones. If the
Device has a higher "Arete" rating than the mage does, the

Storyteller should roll that Trait; if the mage's skills exceed

the machine's, her Arete takes the place of the Device's

"Arete." Still, very few mages outside the Progenitors under

stand the workings of these arcane inventions. The
equipment's advanced nature makes it almost impossible for
anon-Progenitor to employ. This way, the Mad Doctors keep

their edge over their fellow Conventions.

[Once created, the clone becomes the "property" of the
Storyteller. Depending on the creation roll, the circum
stances of the "birth" and the needs of the story, the clone may
be almost perfect, slightly skewed or deeply flawed. A botch
during the cloning process creates either a mess of living cells
ora monster (Storyteller's option). The latter often end up in
the garbage, or become enforcers for the more disturbed

members of the Convention ]

Q The Orrery
of Madame des Bellestours

Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Background Cost N/A

The eccentric Madame des Bellestours is regarded today
asone of the heroes of the Enlightenment —a fact that would
have surprised and amused her in equal measure. Widowed at
a young age, this 15th-century genius devoted her life to the
study of astrology. As modern chemistry evolved from al-
chemy, so did modern astronomy evolve from astrology
Many elder Technocrats believe that Madame des Bellestours
was a significant evolutionary force in this change

She wasmet with ridicule in her day, as most greatscientists
do, but this didn't deter her from her studies. Of her publica-
tions, only two copies of her treatise On the Influence of the
Planets exist today, and her first work, On the Mathematics of the

Stars, exists only in manuscript form. Even so, excerpts of these

works are required reading for all young Void Engineers.
Madame des Bellestours' library consisted of over 600
volumes, most of which were devoted to the study of the stars

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 69

——S_


"4

IWS

NG Ail

and planets. The upper floor of her house contained a star-

watchingdomeand telescope ofherown design and construction.
Then she built an orrery, a clockwork model of the solar system,
long before a word existed for such a device. She used this
apparatus as an assistant in her examination of the skies.
Noone who

consider her a "mage" in the classic sense, even though that's

read about Madame des Bellestours would

clearly what she was. She would have laughed at the idea herself.
Clearly, however, she used what we would call technomagick to
She herself constructed it out of bronze and

build her orrery
steel, going so far as to teach herself metalworking when she
realized that other artisans were not going to be able to make the
gears and mechanisms her designs required (and wouldn't do so
fora lady, at that!) The finished
spent all of her life making adjustments and additions and

oralmost-finished, since she

changes — Device measures 7.4 meters at its highest point and
8.5 metersatits widest. Wide rings of metal supportmodels of the
signs and
colors, and some inset with the corresponding astrological gems.

planets, moons and stars —each one enameled with d

Dr. Ruth Christopher's biography of Madame des
Bellestours, The Invisible Woman, revealed that this remark-
able lady knew a great deal more than any modem scientist
would expect someone from her century to know. Several
moons of Jupiter, details of the rings of Saturn, and other
things that were not "discovered" until well after her age are
all included in her model. A team of Void Engineers are
presently concerned with examining some "unknown astro-
logical phenomena" that were also included in her model.
The "experts" haven't decided whether the anomalies are
inaccuracies in the model or whether there's something there
that the scientists haven't discovered yet.

And then there's the magick woven into the model itself

a mixture of Correspondence principles, Prime patterns,
Mattercraft and a Spirit Master's understanding of the outer
worlds. Madame des Bellestours' orrery possesses strong ar-
cane connections to, as far as anyone can tell, the entire
universe. Dr. Miriam Jacobin published a journal article
proposing that the orrery was the basis for the current model
of the universe. Sh

goes on to suggest that the model actually
controls or runs the universe in some basic way. (The Tech
hocratic community, as a whole, received the article with
great disfavor and Dr. Jacobin subsequently disappeared. She
may be undergoing re-education, or she may be a Child of
Ether by now.) More "moderate" theories hold that the
arcane connections enable the universe to control the model,
thus, making it more accurate. The model can certainly be
used to make remarkably accurate predictions about phe

nomena, both astrological and terrestrial

Today, the model sits in a dome of copper and glass located
on Madame des Bellestours' family estate, not far ftom Lyons,
France. It rests on a slate floor that still bears some of the
scratches and mappings from its original construction, and

which, according to legend, Madame des Bellestours used as a

The Technomancer's Toybox

chalkboard for calculations. The orrery is powered by a mill-
wheel not far away, and her remarkable engineering — both
mechanical and magickal — is so delicately balanced that
moving it is not presently an option. The property currently
belongs to Dr. Ruth Christopher's team of Void Engineers, and
itisheavily guarded. Maybe the Mirrorshades take the "control-

ling the universe" idea more seriously than they claimed to

have. Or maybe it's just too good of a piece of history to lose.

Unfortunately, both the awesome library and the re-

markable telescope of Madame des Bellestours are now gone.

One of her descendants sold the library off in 1817, and the

et the

fare of the telescope is not known. Many scientists reg

latter loss in particular; the amazing accuracy of the orrery
suggests that the telescope was pretty phenomenal. Many
Technocrats would give nearly anything to study it
Andno, | wouldn't possibly have any idea where it might be:
[This Device doesn't really do anything special — it's
what the orrery is that makes it a treasure. No one who

beholds this magnificent machine can doubt that Madame
des Bellestours was visionary genius with some phenomenal
perceptions of the galaxy. Visitors who've actually traveled in
the Deep Universe can attest to the model's accuracy, and
mysticks who enter the room where the orrery rests can feel

a low but noticeable "vibration" in the area.)

Q Retinal Encoding Organism
(RetEncO)

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost N/A

A 1975 appeal by an NWO agent facing Technocratic
judicial proceedings paved the way fora most irregular parole
‘The leadér of the inquiry panel, Sebastian Tallow, requested
that a renowned Progenitor researcher named Patricia Zevis
(who also happened to be Tallow's wife) be allowed to
produce an organism that would permit the agent to prove her

le

loyalty to the panel. One interesting rumor claimed that

Tallow and the agent were secret lovers. Later, dark rumors

(spurred by some of Tallow's more erratic behavior) suggested
that both Tallow and the agent had tripped down. the
Nephandic Path together. Perhaps Tallow had repented for

his explorations and tried to draw his partner back from the

edge. Only he knows for sure. At any rate, his wife obligingly
created the RetEncO.

Asimple bacteria with an extrageneticengine, the RetEncO

colonizes the target's retina. Every scrap of visual data falls upon

the thinly spread colony. The bacteria take this information,
encode it into DNA strands, and secrete it into the subject's

tears and saliva, which are then collected and analyzed.

he agent on trial reported every 24 hours for tear and

saliva collection, and Zevis's DNA sequencer pulled the
encodings apart. A computer program deciphered them, pro-
ducing agrainy motion picture of everything the agent had seen.

Tallow, unfortunately, found the woman guilty of betraying


Convention secrets and ordered her to receive immediate
psychological restructuring. He now had the RetEncO, though,
which he proceeded touse on all his Operativesand sycophants.
A team of Zevis's best t
decrypting the incoming data for him:

chnicians worked day and night,

RetEncO''s nasty side effect did not appear until three
years later, after Zevis had defected from the Technocracy
and become the Child of Ether known as Dr. Jupiter. At that
point, a hidden gene in the bacteria activated, causing the
organisms to become microscopic, flesh-cating monsters.
Everyone infected with RetEncO had their retinas eaten by
near-invisible parasites genetically bonded with their eyes.
Tallow's frantic staff soon discovered that this aggressive
phase could not be arrested. One after another, Tallow's most
carefully monitored (and therefore, trusted) staff members
went blind, then violent, then catatonic

As far as 1 know, Tallow is still the only person with
RetEncO close at hand. He might, however, grant a treat-
ment of it to some other high-clearance Mirrorshade in
exchange for some huge favor — like the location of his
elusive ex, the notorious Dr. Jupitersu.

[In game terms, this "Device's" effects are simple; in story
terms, they're incredibly advanced, An "Arete" roll (difficulty 7)
determines whether or not the RetEncO records the informa-
tion. A successful roll indicates complete data retention; on a
failure, the data is garbled or nonexistent; on a botch, the
bacteria begin their carnivorous phase a few months early and
begin eating the wearer's eyes. Short of replacing the eyeballs
completely, there's nothing that can be done at this point. The
ates as he spirals down into‘a

well of unbearable blindness and pain.

user's vision blurs, then disinteg:

[Sooner or later, this vicious side effeet occursB anyway.
The Technocracy has banned the RetEncO, but that little
fact hasn't kept Tallow from circulating the Device among
some of his dimmer employees.]

Q Verrecchia's Marvelous Lions
Arete 5, Qi nce 25, Background Cost N/A

he workshop of master Artificer Benno Verrecchia

te:

spawned some of the most amazing machines beheld during
the Age of Reason. No other machine, however, was as purely
wondrousas this pair of regal clockwork lions. These full-sized
beasts were wrought of bronze and articulated in a manner
that almost reproduced feline motion. Fine golden threads,
cunningly bonded to the bronze fell, be
remarkable coats, and their manes shone with deep-blue
enamel. Eyes of faceted topaz glimmered with somewhat
more than feline interest at the courtiers who looked with
glee upon the handiwork of Benno Verrecchia.

ame the lions'

The lions became great favorites among the nobility of
the courts of Europe. Standing beside the most powerful
individual in the room, the lions would, at suitable times,

perform astonishing acts — declaiming courtly praises in
deep clarion voices, or springing open their chests to present
bouquets of flowers to great ladies. Everyone wanted —
demanded! —tosee the lions, and the apparently astonished
creator found himself in a year-round tour of the great courts,
presenting his lions for the delight of the rich and noble.
Naturally, the lions were intended to be more than simple
toys. Their travels afforded them excellent opportunities to
record the conversations of Europe's most powerful celebrities
Golden cylinders spun within the massive feline bodies, etched
with a code that only Verrecchia and his apprentices could

decipher. Verrecchia's assistants could also see and hearall t

transpired nearby, courtesy of the eyes and ears of the golden-
furred spies. The agents:of Reason also xsed the creatures.to
focus their own magickal abilities; the grand presence of the
lions let the master Artificer manipulate his audience (and, by
extension, their dealings) through the mere presence of his
wonderful creations.

The perpetual clockwork of the lions failed only once,
during a visit to the Royal Court of France. As Verreechia
later discovered, le Comte du St. Germaine disappeared from
the gathering shortly after the lions broke down. The moni
toring assistants reported that they had been about to turn the
lions' eyes to the mysterious count when everything went
dead. When the Artificer took the lion apart later that
evening, no problem could be found

Only one of these treasures still remainsin the Technocracy's
gentle hands; the fate of the other is an enigma. The lion we do
know about presently resides in the laboratory of the Void
Engineer Ruben Caldwell, who won it from an Iteration X
colleague during a vicious poker game. A substantial reward has
been offered from all sides of the Ascension Conflict for the
recovery of the missing bronze lion.

{Like many unique Devices, the functions of these twin
Verrecch
s— thei

wonders are best left to Storytelling 's creations are

tificial origin

inno way substitutes for normal big
is quite obvious, and their activities are limited to a few
impressive stunts, performed at the Storyteller's discretion.
[The Device's "Arete" roll reflects both a Lion's percep-
tion Dice Pool (for spying purposes) and its Dexterity Dice

Pool (when the machine performs a stunt or attack). Al-
though these Devices were not built for combat, an
automaton's paw can swat an offending bystander for six dice
of normal damage, if the machine's owner so desires. If it
winds up on the receiving end of some damage, a Lion has

eight Health Levels and five points of armor; if the puni
ment exceeds those eight Health Levels, the machine is badly
wrecked. If it exceeds 10 Health Levels, the technomagickal
treasure is forever destroyed.

[Presented as "marvels of lost engineering," the Lions of
Verrecchia are coincidental. On their own, they're horrifi-
cally vulgar.]

Link 3: Black Hats & Mirrorshades 71

aS

ID. WW



ID.

Link 4:
Other
Technomancers

solid steel, cold and angry, bitter leather
silver terror of the distance between us now

whitest pallor of blackest lips

Autumn, "...Of Moondrop Teas"

Not all' Technomancers betong to the usual clubs. Some work in wooded
Chantryhouses, twisted laboratories or computer shops, bringing their own
mystick/metaphysical theories to the so-called "sciences" and bending them to
suit their Enlightened wills.

For the most part, our friends simply focus their Arts or Sciences or theories,
or whatever, through technological gadgets; every so often, though, some
inventive little bugger puts his heart and soul into anew and powerful invention
— a Device that carries its own brand of power. I've included a few samples here
to show you how imaginative those folks can be, but don't be fooled into thinking
that this tiny list is the be-all-end-all of off-kilter Technomancers. That wicked
witch or Satanic stormtrooper just might have a nasty edge hidden under her
robes — a gadget that works a more modern form of magick.

Link 4: Other Techno

nn

NO Ail

J |

IW

ee The Mad Fiddles of Dr. Mercer

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 6 (but very

rare; see below)

It was 1907 when an eccentric violinist shared a Paris stage
with the radical dancer (and noted Ecstasy Cultist) Isadora Duncan.
While the half-naked wild girl whirled and leapt, the fiddler played
amad tune. According to contemporary accounts, the concert hall
flickered in and out of reality; at some points, it seemed to be a
ruined Greek temple —at others, the clouds of Olympus diffused
a pagan sunlight throughout the room. Some folks went crazy that
night, others got really pissed and began to riot. The majority of the
audience, however, were literally seduced by the interplay between
the mystick dancer and her accompanist — a short, slender man
named Dr. Paulinus Mercer. When the concert was over, Paris
would never be the same again.

Mercer and Duncan never played together in public again.
The Paris police saw to that. In the smoking rooms. f the early Sons
of Ether, however, i Mercer and

sensation, ¢ and novfust for their xg

used a

d= they deel,
a s, got laid anc ero mr. scandal-
dus beh vids /Souridseob to me!

Teada Gs RR eA WOREP eT he fiddler stood
proudly between the wild Guttisusan@lithe early Ether Scientists
This was the petiod of trdnsition from: ro HBlectrodyne Engineers
to the Sons dblather: aiid lots of folks wandered between the two
Dr. Meret decided fior to choose sides at all. Entranced by the
doctrine offreeléveand tebellingagainst Victorianism, he builthis
first Mad Fiddle and played tt te Symbolize the marriage of art,
Science, passida and vision. NE everyone appreciated the mes-
sage. Mercer wage ventually teviled by his Etheric colleagues (who
still exclude his raameffom theft rolls), Exiled from their Chantries,
he wandered with the ultists, When Duncan died (orgot whacked,
depending on thé story, lieve) in 1927, Mercer declined. He
died during a spégial peffofmance ar Victoria Station in 1946
(where he was still Weleoine).

Dr. Mercer's secret wasn't really his playing; oh sure, he was
good, but his fiddle did most of the work. A tin microamp
installed in the instrument's body took the strokes of the bow
and translated them into specially-keyed sound waves. The

Doc's pet theories centered around brain waves, sound waves
and combinations of the two. The concept of sound influencing
mental patterns and reflexes was nothing new, but Doc Mercer
put a spin on it that made the old Devil's Bargain myths into
scientific reality — or Scientific reality, as it were. Combined
with the power of Duncan's dance and Mercer's music, the
audience had no choice but to respond.

Mercer built a number of these instruments. Some were
smashed during ot after performances, others were sold or given
away. By my count, there are eight left in existence, but I could
be wrong. They're considered real prizes by Ecstatic musicians,

but some Etherites treasure them, too. The Tradition isn't

74 The Technomancer's Toybox


nearly as rigid as it once was, and Mercer was a genius. He was

obviously ahead of his time
[A simple but powerful Mind 2 Effect stirs the passions of
the audience to a fever pitch. Occasionally, it invokes wild

hallucinations as well. The Device's "Arete" works a subtle but
irresistible coincidental spell; anyone in the general vicinity
must make a Willpower roll to avoid being swept up into a
helpless, sensual fit. Thatyroll's difficuleybe
an additional Por every two successes the fiddler scores on a
normal Manipulation + Expression roll. Naturally, the charac

¢ermust knowhow to play the violin; heneed not be Awakened,
however, to set the mystiekepower in motion. A failed "Arete"
roll means that nothing' magickal occurs, and a borched one

furtis the musié into an unbearable seréech.]

+«Mad Mook's
Million Eyeson the World

Aretei2, Quintessence 10, Background Cost 4

Everyone's seen the glass rings or pendants that look like
eyeballs. Kids love these stupid things,-and soméofimy edder
friendse, 0. Mad Mook, a Marauder from the Third Dark-
ness Realm, noticed them on a vengure tiEAtth, Inspired, he
created his own eye-jewelry, then'he slipped copies inco ma-
chines and toy bins filled with fthe harmless toys. His plan
worked. There are an awfal lot of kids out there these days with
Mad Mook's Eyes on their Hainds and atound their necks

Mookie was (#82) an insidious little bastard. Each of his so.
called Eyes contains albit of liquid Tass on a slow-release
mechanism. This elixir of the gods seeps into your skin and

ns at 7, but gains

sends your senses reeling — literally. After a very short time, an
Eye-wearer ends up seeing and hearing things way outside the
mortal spectrum. Mad Mook calls this "The Gift of a Thousand

Sunrises." Lots of poor folks call it "insanity."

Mad Mook's Eyes fuck with your perceptions. Eventually,
they will drive you crazy.
that they actually "se
perspective
of these things on your finger! The longer you wear the jewelry,
the crazier the world appears. All the masks are off — you can

Studies done on the Eyes have shown

" the world, but from a crackhead's

a perspective you get to share if you've got one

see the Penumbra, and auras, and lots of other stuff that mortal

eyes just weren't meant to se

And then there's the "Thought-O-Vision" feature. Say

you're talking to someone while you're wearing the Eye: The

Eye transfers that person's true thoughts to you, reading them
out ina ghostly whisper. The contrast between what is said and
what is thought can get pretty jarring, especially when the two
are laid over each other in a double-talk double-track. Most
folks just aren't ready to hear what people really think about
them, and the truth tends to push their sanity into the prover-
bial blender. Brain cocktail, anyone?

Inthe late‘80s, several Sons of Ether realized what Mad Mook
had done — he'd scattered overa thousand of these trinketsamong
the millions of mundane pieces distributed throughout the world
The Etherites launched a campaign to retrieve Mad Mook's Eyes
but failed miserably. Despite this failure, the Sons never gave up
To thisday, many Sons of Ether empty out dispensing machines in

1 in, <a

groceryand drug stores when they see the glass eyes staring out from.
their little plastic bubbles.

[Mad Mook's little joke begins as a slight buzzing in the

ness of vision. Eventu-

back of your mind and with a vague fu:
ally, odd patterns and lights begin to emerge, reflexes fumble,
gins to slip away. An "Arete" roll starts

the ball rolling; the rest just flows in and out like a demented

voices rise and sanity b

ocean of warped perceptions. The weird stuff starts to fade when
the wearer removes the ring, but those impressions often linger
for hours, or even days, afterward.

[The Eyes' most obvious feature is a combination Effect that
mingles Level One perceptions with Matter, Mind, Life, Prime,
Spirit and Time simultaneously. Since few folks outside the Cult of
Ecstasy can handle such skewed perceptions, this information
overload does terrible things to a person's sanity. Even a mage

ustomed to multi-perceptual viewpoints suffer a

+5 penalty toher perception difficulties (see Cult of Ecstasy, pages
62-63). Her worldview simply becomes too crazy to decipher
[Mad Mooks' second "present" afflicts the wearer with a
steady flow of surface impressions from the thoughts of the
(Mind 2)
mindspeak to throw the wearer for a loop —

people around h Unlike true telepathy, this feature

skims just enoug
especially if people don't like her to begin with. Since the Eyes
can make a person do crazy things, her behavior drives people
wall. The result: more harsh thoughts, which she can

Talk about paranoia!

up th
"hear" bits and pieces of

[Since this odd Device hag heen designed with Sleepers in
mind, anyone can experience! thé madness that is Mook's gift
Since many of the kids who wear the Eyes tend to have unsettling

thoughts from the start, they're not entirely surprised when the

world begins to go crazy. Hence, the Eyes' effects are often
coincidental and best reflected/in Storytelling, not dice-rolls.]

ee Siren's Tears
and The Breather Collar

Arete 4, Quintessence 20;-Background Cost 6

Off the coast of Santa Barbara, décpin an undersea grotto, lies
Xsiaquotal Labyrinth. /The resident Gilledian, a cheerful dude
named Marcus Delarey sesthe local gangs as footsoldiers and the
beach bunnies as hait/ Hisnetwork runs like a poisoned thread
through the surferculturgs all thé boatdwalleshops pay him tribute
one way or another, Anyorie who, refuses toyplay Delarey's games
ends up with a weight around his ankles "if he's lucky!

According tratumor, the efttratice to Delarey's hidey-hole
lies in the faceof an undetiyarer cliff, whereashelf drops off into
the black depths of theGeean. Spaghetuw€avetns gradually lead
upward into/a large-grouto.where the Nephandi\ gather, craft
their plans and bring-eonverts tothe Gaul for Rebirth

Inside/the Labyrinth haS# foreed Air environment. To get to
it, however, the Fallen have to dive down through hundreds of feet
of water. No mortatSwimmer can make the trip, anda scuba diver
would be' out OP HEF hind to Enter the endless passages with a
limited air supply. The Satanics gethome by way of two deceptively
Siren's Tears and Breather Collars.

simple Device:

Siren's Tear resembles a water spider's air bubble. A

thick mucous membrane keeps the water out and controls

Link 4: Other Technomancers ip)

X

ascent and descent by drawing and expelling air through its
contours. One of these slimy, transparent gooies holds three or
four intrepid souls, who usually have to be bombed out of theit
skulls before they'll climb into a big bubble and go hundreds of
feet down into the sea. I have no idea how reliable these things
are, but I suspect a Tear's integrity depends a lot on Delarey's
good graces (or lack thereof)
The Breather Collar — designed by Carl Franklin, an ex-
Navy Seal and Akashic barabbi — is a small collar that straps
around the wearer's neck. Made of hard, shiny-black leather,
the Device injects probes directly into the wearer's bloodstream
through her jugular vein. Drawing oxygen from the water, the
Breather feeds the blood and cleanses it of carbon dioxide at the
same time. I'm told that novice usets often have a hard time
holding their breath despite the fact that they don't feel the
effects of oxygen deprivation. Aside from its name, the Breather
is not a breathing apparatus; the wearer's mouth and nose
remain uncovered. As youcan imagine, this can be... unnerving,
Your instincts say "BREATHE!!" and some people have a hard
time getting around such things. My guess is that Franklin and
Delarey consider these Devices good test-marketing equip-
ment. Ifa potential recruit is smart enough to use one properly,
she's a worthwhile addition to the team. If not, well, the
beaches are full of beautiful bodies,

(These cheap, simple Devices simply keep human beings
alive through a deepwater trip. Designed for un-Awakened use,
these sorcerous "machines" are vulgar. Their usual occupants,

76 The Technomancer's Toybox

however, are used to such things, and do not count as "wit
nesses" to dark magick.

[The "Arete" roll (difficulty 6) determines how effectively
the Device functions; afterall, the Nephandi have better things
to do than play nursemaid to some stupid mortal pawns! A

successful roll indicates a working Device —a failed one means

the Breather or Tear is defective in some way and refuses to
work. A botched roll means the Device works about halfway,
then gives our several hundred feet down....]

*or e+e Theresita's
Thousand Magick-F inger Bed

Arete 2 or 3, Quintessence 10 or 15, Background
Cost 5 or 6

One night in a dirty hotel in New Mexico, Ecstatic Theresita
Gonzales put a quarter in the little machine by the bed and the
mattress came to life. As it moved beneath her, she reveled in what
the Ecstatics call "the Lakashim." The experience inspired her to
design a bed of her own, one she could use at home. In time, she got
her wish. Theresita's Bed plugs into any 110-volt wall socket and
activates with the rouch of a button. It runs until the occupant
shuts it off. Plug it in, hit the button, turn on and get off

After a while, vibrations weren't enough. Theresita went
a step further and installed sensors that reacted to the rolls and
bumps of the occupant (or occupants). Theresita wanted the
bed to tailor its vibrations to her, shall we say, activity level.


Again, she got what she wanted. When she wants to lounge, the
Magick-Finger Bed gently massages her back and legs with soft,

rolling waves; when she wants to have a little fun, the magic
fingers kick in, stimulating her everywhere they touch. When
she really gets going, the bed joins in — she bucks, the Bed
bucks back, and so on, and so on, and so on

Theresita's Bed became more popular than ever. Now
there are copies of it scattered throughout Chantries across
North America. Some are pretty simple, while others feature an

additional gimmick from the original Bed:,astime-dilation
Device that speed he pass

of time for anyone lyifigion 1 the

E Ae the Hage ean. Bed
norm Ne ae pretty mundane; no Perens t tof mee

*\ ae As you
ure the door's locked! A
watch in th ice clock beside it will register different
times, and ev. passbyatsubjectively "slower" speeds. Falling
out of bed cart he pretty disastrous, too; it might take you a
minute to lis Boek but your partner may have gotten
bored by the time you return.

And then thete,aré the Paradox backlashes, which can
be...distressing Cultist, who'll remain nameless for the
sake of his reputation, to0k a Sleeper on a Magick-Finger ride
and experienced a truly embarrassing Paradox backlash. Not
only did his once-proud dick shrink to one-third its normal s
but his partner also remembered the experience as a flash, a
whimper and a snore. She was not, shall we say, impressed.

[The temporal-dilation Effect speeds time within the Bed
to 10 times its normal rate; thus, one minute outside the Bed
translates to 10 minutes for those on it. As longas the Bed makes
its "Arete" roll, simply assume that it does whatever the char-
acter wants it to do. A botch may signal some amusing but
non-fatal Paradox backlash — often a Flaw with some embar-
rassing side effects. A failure means that the Bed does nothing
atall. Each hour of "bed-time" costs one point of Quintessence. |

e+e Correlli's Badass Jackhammer
Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

In the late ‘70s, Butch Correlli, a New York Euthanatos
who had worked in construction before his Awakening, de-
signed the Jackhammer to help him and his buddies break into
a Technocracy stronghold in New York City (the famed Ghetto
ult of 1978). Foot-thick, concrete walls protected the
Construct on all sides, but that didn't stop Butch. Turning his
new Device on the bartiets, he tore through them in time to

launch a spectacular — and successful — surprise raid

During the assault, Butch learned a few important things
about his new toy: It made a hell of a lot of noise, it bucked like
a motherfucker, and it worked better against stone and steel
than against flesh and bone. When the dust settled, Butch built
a few similar models and distributed them to his friends. Those
who are strong enough to use these Jackhammers find that walls
do not a prison make

Cortelli's Jackhammer packs a real whollop. Approxi-
mately two feet in length and weighing just under 20 pounds,
Butch's invention requires two strong hands to control its
bucking and jumping. Once its bit isset against a wall, sidewalk,
door or other solid object, the ‘hammer tears through the
material in record time, leaving two-or-three-foor holes in its
wake

This baby runs on regular gas and starts like a chainsaw
one quick pull primes the motor and the ‘hammer's off and
running. A combination of Matter and Entropy accelerates the
machine's usual effectiveness, breaking down barriers at the
molecular level. As | said, this "special feature" isn't much good
against living tissue, but if you swing a jackhammer bit into
somebody's gut, it's gonna hurt, magick orno magick. The thing
roars like a storm god in heat and sends chips flying everywhere;
anyone strong enough to handle this monstrosity had better
dress for protection. Stone and steel make nasty hail

[When held againstasolidy inanimate object, the ‘hammer
chews through royghily three feet of stone or one foot of metal
per turn. The restilting debris flies out ina 10' citcle, tearing into
exposed flest ¢ normal Health Level per turn. Living
or undead suffer Strength + 7 Health Levels of
damage if cores a hit with the Jackhammer (Dexterity
+ Melee, y 8). The Device spends one point of Quintes-
sence per| nd runs for 10 minutes ona single tank of gas
After that wintessence keeps the ‘hammer primed
until more added.
toll fails, rhe ‘haramer acts like a normal
i, ripping concrete apart but skidding across
Themachine carries quite @ kick and tires
est mages in a hurry. A character needs a
Teast 4 to use the Jackhammer; a weaker sorcerer
rol. the Device — it controls him!]

eee The Hot-MachI Speedster

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

Aristotle "Speed" Carter loved to go fast. Assoonas he had
his driver's license, he pushed his parent's ‘58 station wagon to
its limitson Highway 95. The only reason he survived the wreck

was because his Avatar Awakened during the drive.

ora while,
he averaged six speeding tickets per month — and those were

just from the times the cops managed to catch him

Late one night, Speed had a hearty mushroom vacation,
during which he created the Hot-Mach | Speedster. In a flash
of hallucinogenic inspiration, the Ecstatic envisioned the key
that would unlock the power of speed. Workingall night and all
day, he turned his vision into reality. Speed tested the Hot

Mach Ion the local race track. After that, he took the car out
on the street and began road-testing. He soon realized that he

Link 4: Other Technomancers 77

ID.

Iw

IO

ZZ NS

NO Ail

still had a lot of work todoon the Hot-Mach I. First, he designed
a special timing device which made the car invisible to police
radar. Then he added a remote control that triggered stoplights,
making them turn green a block before he hit the intersection

Once Speed finished the car, he spent several years zoom-
ingback and forth across the country, just because, Unfortunately,
Paradox finally caught up to him when a tire blew in the
mountains of West Virginia. He skidded off the road and the car
exploded into a huge ball of flame. Speed died, leaving the
design templates of his Hot-Mach | to his mentor, Franklin
"Lightening" Ryan. Lightening shared Speed'

passion for..
well, speed. In honor of his beloved student, he immediately
built a new car, following the original specs. Then Lightening
put the blueprints on the free market. Today, there are around
20 Hot-Mach I'szippingacross the U.S. and Europe, most of ‘em
featuring special modifications added by their owners.

The Hot-Mach I has a cherry-red finish. Speed insisted that
the color was crucial to itsperformance, Amazingly, the car doesn't
run on gasoline, but on grain alcohol. A couple of liters in the tank
will take the car over 100 miles. The Hot-Mach I's potential speed
topsoff around 230 MPH, but most folks go up in flames long before
that. Y'see, it's one thing to reach 200 MPH, but another thing
entirely to be able to control yourself at that velocity

[The Hot-Mach I's main power simply increases kinetic

velocity to incredible levels; its minor gadgets allow it to slip under
police radar (+4 difficulty to any electronic detection attempts)
and change traffic lights (assume it can do this without a roll), An

scansteve ett RDNNESTERaTT NIT Piette T one penmemannmmmanenersoa tae

78 The Technomancer's Toybox

"Arete" roll activates the "speed factor," jumping the car into high
gear without consuming vast amounts of gas.

[Since the car goes at tremendous, but not unearthly,
speeds, the Hot-Mach 1 is coincidental, not vulgar. Driving it
can present problems, however. A character who wants to
handle the Hot-Mach had better have at least three points in
Drive if he wants to avoid a fiery death, Stunt driving or high-
velocity turns may (at Storyreller's discretion) demand a
Dexterity or Wits + Drive roll, with horrible consequences for
failure (see Mage, pages 252-253, for stunt driving rules, and
consider the Hot-Mach I to have a Safe Speed of 130, a Max

Speed of 230 and a Maneuverability of 10.]

The Jangler Pod

Arete 5, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 8

Milton Janglerstudied electrical engineering in college before
he Awakened to the world of the Verbena. An idealist, he wanted
to use his talents with electrodes and circuitry for the benefit of
humankind, so he concentrated on developing equipment to
revolutionize the health field. Shortly before the Techno-war in
Chicago, 1988, he moved into the Naperville Chantry. As ten-
sions heated up between Chicago's Technocracy and Tradition
mages, Jangler joined his fellow Verbena in the fight

A special Etherite exhibit at the Chicago Institute of
Science and Technology had Awakened an unusual amount of
Sleepers. The folks at Naperville learned about this around the
same time the Black Hats did, and the race was on to see who


could get to the new mages first. The Technocrats pulled out all
the stops — HIT Marks walked, bank accounts plunged and
black limousines cruised through the night. Naperville called in
a few favors and threw some vampires and Garou in the
Mirrorshades' general direction. It, as you can imagine, made a

real mess.

Every war has casualties, and this one was no exception.
Naperville's healers worked until they literally dropped from
exhaustion, buteach night brought more bodies to the Chantry
Jangler worked his ass off, bur the design seemed riddled with
bugs. Driven by desperation, he finally put the unfinished Pod
to work — people were dying, and he had to do something!

Half the people who went into the Jangler Pod came out

fully healed; even severed limbs and split spinal columns re-
paired themselves in the arcane glow of magickal energy. The
other half of the subjects died painfully. The Pod couldn't
muffle their screams and Jangler literally deafened himself to
block them out. He worked himself nearly to death, but the
upgrades kept killing one patient out of two. Finally, the

Casualties on both sides outnumbered

fighting ended ina draw
the new mages by a wide margin and most of the newbies got
wasted by the crossfire aaa Vesenanna Cale Chieagorec hinge
War maintain that Jangler's Device allowed them to survive as
long as they did; Jangler himselfeonsidered the invention #
failure. He wound up fixated on the idea@fbsinging peépleback
from the dead, and he eventually disappeared into the
Shadowlands, searching for the souls of those whe haddied in
his Pod. Other techno-Verbena picked up where he had left ftp
ades can be found here
and there — usually in mixed-Tradition Chantryhouses. As a

with slightly more success. Their upg

whole, the Verbena are too hung up on ancient methods to be
entirely comfortable with modern variations on the Art

The Jangler Pod resembles a white tanning bed or
coffin — with golden tubes lining the inside of the lid and the
cushioned satin bed on the bottom. Once its lid clicks shut, the
Pod channels Quintessence into the fractured Life Pattern and
reweaves it in really vulgar ways. As the machine hums, golden
light flows out from beneath the lid, bathing the area in a warm
glow. If the process works, the patient emerges fresh and whole
from the Pod, sleeping, but healed of every wound and
disease — if things go poorly, the machine rips the poor bastard
apart. Jangler kept a hose and sponges nearby, and I can only
imagine how it felt to wash his patients out of the machine that
he built to save them. Modern upgrades feature deadman
switches on the Pods; by shutting down the system, the techni-
cian can keep the patient alive, if only just. Obviously, the
Jangler Pod isa last-ditch measure — the risks this Paradoxical
Device incur are left to literal life-or-death situations.

[A Jangler Pod is deeply vulgar; any Paradox backlash
rebounds on the person inside the machine and takes the form
of physical damage (see Mage, page 177). For simplicity, the
Storyteller should simply make one roll (difficulty 7, 8 ifthere are
Sleepers present) to check the machine's effects. Success heals
the subject of any and all damage or disease; failure sends him
into intense pain but doesn't inflict any further injury; a botch
shreds the subject's body with five Health Levels worth of

aggravated Paradox damage — enough to kill most human
patients.

[In story terms, a Jangler Pod takes roughly an hour to heal
a badly injured person. The patient sleeps for several hours
afterward and bears the scars of newly regenerated wounds.
Each activation costs the Device two Quintessence points.
Setting a Pod in motion often requires an experienced techni-
cian or an Intelligence + Technology roll, difficulty 8. A failed
roll may either raise the difficulty to 10 or keep the machine
from functioning at all.]

+++ Lady Wudlowe's Menhirs

Arete 5, Quintessence 15, Background Cost N/A (see
below)

In the Burning Times, many mages rigged escape routes in
their homes and Chantries. They knew that a quick and secret
path to safety meant the difference between survival and dying
ona pyre. Lady Wudlowe MacCannae commissioned her means
of flight from master carver and fellow Verbena, Coryn Nemue.
The Lady provided the concept and helped to guide the
design — he carved the stone.

Atthat dime) menhirs détred the councryside. Giant stone
monuments, they Were leftovers from a more primitive time. As
plentiful as the meniilts were, the Inquisitors hardly noticed
them. LadyWéidlowédesigned a hollow menhir with a skillfully
hidden door through which she could simply disappear. When
iv worked, she €Ommissioned a total of six of her special
menhirsyonly four have survived to the present da

Baeh of her hollow monuments stands eight feet tall and
weighs nearly a ton. Hidden in the Celtic cross that graces the
menhir's face, a trigger activates a system of ball bearings and

pulleys. This inner mechanism draws aside the front plate and
reveals a doorway into the monument. The door remains open
for a few seconds, then slides back into place. Through a
Correspondence portal, the menhir then whisks its inhabitant
away to the place foremost in her mind.

Unfortunately, neither Lady Wudlowe nor Nemue the
Carver thought to install an interior trigger. Many decades
later, Ether Scientist Josef Blaucreit acquired one of the menhirs
He opened it to discover Lady Wudlowe. Apparently, its magick
had failed and she, drained of her energy, couldn't get out. Her
last words, scratched into the chamber's stone, provide a fasci-
nating testimonial to the despair of the Burning Times. They
begin (translated from Gaclic), "Woe betide thee who, in impa-
tient fervor, create without the tempering of mindful forethought..."

[A combination of Mind and Correspondence magick
(hopefully) sends the menhir's occupant wherever she wants to
go. The closer the destination, the greater the mage's chances

(see the Correspondence Ranges chart, Mage, page 170). The

portal activates for a brief moment, then fades.

[Only one human-sized "passenger" may fit inside these
hollow stones, although two small people may squeeze in with

difficulty. As usual, this gross teleportation Effect is vulgar;

hidden as it is, however, it counts as "vulgar without witnesses"

unless some mortal observer watched the mage enter the Devi

and disappear.|

Link 4: Other T

chnomancers 19

IDV

IL SZ


Sin-TV
Television is an invention that permits you jp be entertained in
your living room by pébple you wouldaehatle in the house.

— David Frost aa:

fsticated listening

though. He wanted to

U closed doors. To
"

Jd through his neighbors'

td couple downstairs had
in L1-B dabbed clear nail

miserie i

their firstelight as 1

polish on thegtum

floor sneaked i i her's room while his wife was asleep,

and as a group Of Bangens mupeed a suit on the building's front

steps. Sin drooledj and smoked, and drank, and ate vast quan-

tities of popcorm While his Heighbors made love, fought, cried,
ot

laughed, partied lived and died.

Loser.

Sin-TV looks like a standard television with a pair of
elaborate rotating antennae on top. Correspondence spells
allow the Device to shows what's happening in neighboring
apartments. Sin-TV has a range of half a mile — enough range
to open yourself to a lifetime of wild stories. The Device plugs
into the wall anda standard remote runs on two AA batteries
Sin made only two Sin-TVs, but the principles of the Device are
easy enough:

Unfortunately, like both of its namesakes, Sin-TV is really
addictive. Sin was a vidiot of the worst kind before he finished
his invention. After which, he became a total loss. He'd sit for
days on end in front of his Sin-TV, watching the live soap
operas. He stopped bathing, stopped eating, stopped leaving the
apartment — hell, stopped leaving his chair — until a bunch of
his friends battered down the door, waded through the waste
and hauled the stupid prick away from the TV. A serious
intervention put him back on the rails for a while — or so they
thought. Secretly, Sin built another TV, better than the first
This time, nobody bothered to save him. As far as | know, he
died, still watching everyone around him live.

There's a lesson in that, kiddies. Take it as you will.

[Once this Device is activated (via the "Arete" roll, diffi-
culty 6), it runs indefinitely, searching through local "channels"
until the viewer finds something he wants to watch. A weird
quirk in the invention shifts the "camera angle" around for
dramatic effect and keeps the "lighting" and "sound" strong and
vivid. Once running, the Sin-TV makes its own programming
The viewer can change channels (see below), but she cannot
affect the "picture"; the "camera angles" and "sound levels" are
totally beyond the viewer's control.

80 The Technomancer's Toybox


Ne

[A remote control changes channels, shifting the viewer to
other apartments; once again, however, the view isout of the mage's
control. Sin-TV's "cameras" go where they will, not where the
viewer wants to send them. The "selector" switches "channels" at
random, too, and occasionally changes itself. Channel 21 may have
shown your 14-year-old neighbor doing terrible things to his
German shepherd, but if you change channels and return to 21, you
may see the mailman on his rounds instead. The Sin-TV recognizes
no boundaries of taste, censorship or familiarity. It's just as likely to
show your housematesas itis todisplay your neighbors. The Device
seems to have a prurient streak, however, and often centers on the

\

most sordid thing within range. Sometimes an odd temporal
fluctuation displays events that occurred hours or days earlier — or
events thathave yet to occur! Nothing the viewercansee or control
will reveal when or where an event takes place— the only clues are
the ones he can pick up from the "scenery" and "costumes."
[Sin-TV offers the Storyteller a pretty generous tool for
plot threads, re

ations, foreshadowing and clues. Imagine the
fun that could arise when a character watches his girlfriend
make out with the next-door neighbor — particularly if the
encounter happened weeks ago. Think about the implications
of a 2-doors-down Satanist, a drug-addicted superintendent, a
kleptomaniac best friend or an unfaithful parent. Sin-TV can
be humorous, tragic, mysterious and shocking; it's also horrifi-
cally addictive, both asastory devi
Player characters who spend large amounts of time in front of
Sin-TV may need to make Willpower tolls to pry themselves

eandacharacter possession

away from the chair and resume their normal lives.

«+e VBC-3 Bio-Computer
and the Mind-Link XF25I

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Background Cost 6

Aside from a few minor details, the VBC-3 resembles a
giant orchid. A network of silver veins runs just under the
surface of the stem, connecting all of the plant parts together.
Small brown nodes dot the leaves, marring their otherwise
smooth, waxy plane. A large flower sprouts from one of the
stalks —a flower with broad, translucent petals that glow with
an opalescent swirl when not in use

Designed by Verbena Samuel Halverson, the VBC-3 Bio-
computer represents a successful fusion between computer
technology and organic material. After years of hybridization,
this orchid flourished with all the correct components and

vity to

radio waves : smplicated,
sophisticated com

lates it into code and 4

petals of the flower. The imag

better still, the user can open a different window on ez
The nodes on the leaves

h petal
erve as a weird ergonomic keyboard.

Halverson has successfully grown five working VBC-3s.
Two of his earlier prototypes died. The Bio-computer's silicone
makes it particularly susceptible to 1.C.E. and computer
viruses — these buggies kill the flower on contact. Halverson
hopes to increase the VBC-3's hardiness with the next hybrid.

Link 4: Other Technomancers 81


NG Ail

IW

Due to the organic nature of the computer, most systems
don't recognize it as an intruder. Using this baby, you can log
into high-security links and databases with less trouble than a
standard computer provides. Unfortunately, Halverson hasn't
figured out how to make the VBC-3 copy data to a disk,
although it does store information inside itself. To date,
Halverson hasn't reached a data storage limit on the memory
According to his findings, the VBC-3 sustains near instanta-
neous data transfer as long as he remembers to water it

Halverson also whipped upa peripheral Device that connects
his mind with the VBC-3. The Mind-Link XF251 resembles a
miniature ivy vine, with tendrils shooting,off one main stem. It
3 and their roots intertwine.
Halverson lays one of the off-shoots nearhiseyeand sticks another
up his nose (Uti) FghEN Over che Case Of SVeral hoursyone
vine slowly pushes tts wayipast. bis eyeball to his opti¢nerve. The
other climbs into his-braifiyséeking the clectrical impulses there.
Through this connectionyetheyMind-Link XF25 bytransmits'and
receives data from the VBC-3, Por some odd reason, noone except
Halverson has the ballsito field-rest the XF251

grows in the same soil as the VBC

Halverson claims his second innovation is perfégtly safes
According to them, this techho-
Verbena has experienced gomeymajor memory loss. The, plant's
read-outs, on the Other band, have begun to mimic Halverson's
peculiar expressions and linguisticidiosyncrasiés. According to
outside observers, the Mind@Link feeds ov' the user's braim,
Halverson dismiss¢s the€laims'and eontifues with his work.
Me, I'm staying away from the damned phing!

his assistants bey to diffe

Never trust' plant that ctawls tip yout nose.

{Aside from its odd configurationsithe WBC-3 functions
like a normal computer (see Mage, pages 2442245) witha deadly
susceptibility to viruses and countermeasures. It cannot be

wired to a network, printer or modem, can't copy discs OF
ed to. Without an
introduction, an outside user won't even recognize the com-
puter for what it is. A mortal watching the VBC-3 in use will
either think the mage is insane or freak out at the unreality of
ir all (making the computer's operations vulgar)

software, and it requires a bit getting us

[The Mind-Link works its way into the user's conscious
. establishing a symbiotic relationship and adapting its

ne
"host's" mannerisms. This bond wipes out small bits of the user's

memory, bits that are easy to dismiss at first. As the vine takes

greater and greater bits of memory with it, the character enters
astate of denial. Others may notice the mage's forgetfulness, but
the user himself remains convinced that the Mind-Link is
completely and utterly safe.]

- The Bilateral

Pattern-Fusion Suit
Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 8

Black Jack Killigan, bani Sons of Ether, and Josie
Smithereens, bani Cult of Ecstasy, lived together in the

Gernsback Continuum. Lovers and partners, they often trav-
eled together, returning to the Horizon Realm between
adventures. After one such trip, they were relaxing in thesunlit,
velvet smoking room of the Great Hall and drinking brandy and

82 The Technomancer's Toybox

discussing their next foray into the unknown, when one of them

commented on how convenient it would be if they could find
a way to intertwine their patterns so that a single Scientific
Effect would work on both of them at the same time. Blink
Great idea! They went to work on it immediately and devel-
oped the Bilateral Partern-Fusion Suit.
Needless to say, the experiment wasa success. After aseries
of tests, the two found themselves literally joined at the soul,
partners at the molecular and metaphysical level. Neither one
could be without the other for any length of time; eventually
they retreated to their shared laboratory in the Gernsback
they're working there to this
day, wrapped in some exotic Device that resembles a B&D toy

Realm. According to my soure

and a thneed. Other Scientists, intrigued, created their own

Wariations on the design.

Made of strong vinyl, the Bilateral Pattern-Fusion Suit comes
in a variety of stylish colors. A series of straps bind two mages
together by the arm and ley, like an oddly designed potato-sack-
race device. An attached belt. forms'aminfinity symbol when it's
wrappedaround the aw6 bodies, Special golden buckles attach the
straps, and the main one, which crosses at the waists, locks with a
Victorian key. If che "occupants" lose the key, they'll have to cut
the suit off to es¢ape. This is not as easy or painless as it may sound
‘The Fusion Suit intertwines its svearers on a metaphysical level;
cutting the/suit off shreds the life patterns of the people trapped
inside, Liverally ripped apart , hese poor bastards suffer some pretty
Serious side effects: personality transfers, physical damage, memory
loss and unnatural degrees of co-ependency

The Suivtemporarilyentwines two mages' patterns, creat
ify a singleybilaréral pattern —a mystickal Siamese twin. Any
spellithamaffeets one Weater affects them both, even after the
Suictisyremoyed, and all emotions and sensations are shared
between both parties. Most people find they can only wear the
Fusion Suit for 24 hours or so; the bonding effects linger for two
or three days afterward, then fade, leaving a hunger for further
contact, The wearers can have sex inside the Suit, of course, but
the bond woyen between them is deeper than any sexual
rapport, Tt @ heady experience, I'm told — kinda like having
an ineestuous twin. Smithereens speculated that the wearers'
Avatars actually bond to each other after a prolonged Fusion,
bur that tay4ust be a theory no one cares to test

A deep bond forms between two mages who share this Suit —
friendship and love are only the beginning. Even enemies develop

: profound emotional attachment after "exposure" in the Suit, and
lovers become closer than ever. After a few wearings, an empathic
bond begins to spread like oil on water. That bond later turns into
need, then obsession. Some Hermetics have speculated that the
Suit stimulates the hermaphroditic form sitting at the peak of
alchemical achievement — the so-called rebis that mingles male
and female. Yet the bond arises between any two mages who wear

the Suit, male, female, or both.

ilks who share Suit-space a couple of times find them-
selves mimicking each others' mannerisms; they finish each
others' sentences and share thoughts, even after they've stripped
off the Pattern-Fusion Suit. The more time they share, the more
alike they become — and the more obsessed with each other

they get. Ifseparated, both parties fall into crushing depressions


and suffer agonizing separation anxiety. Some rebi, like Black
Jack and Smithereens, have chosen life together in the Suit
over a life of just being in each other's company. Weird. The
ultimate lover's pact remains a mystery, even to the people who
build these Devices. Officially, it's still in the testing phase and
should only be used with caution — as if people were ever
cautious when it comes to affairs of the heart!

[A combination of Life, Mind, Spirit and Prime binds two
living pattems into a single shared consciousness. This bond
requires at least 24 hours in the Suit and a successful Arete roll
(difficulty 9). From that point on, any sensation or alteration that
cts them both equally, including emo-
and physical

affects one character
tional extremes, telepathy, Paradox, Quintessenc
injury (thatis, Health Level damage). This bond lasts for one week,
then fades, replaced by adeep longing for more and deeper contact
Players whose characters share a Fusion-Suit bond might want to
play each other's mages for a while, or switch between them to
reflect the differences that the two characters display

[A failed "Arete" roll leaves the two parties with a strong
empathic connection but no lasting effects; a botched roll

melds the two parties into one flesh —a messy conglomeration
that permanently destroys the Suit and turns the wearers into
virtual Siamese twins. Only a powerful (and vulgar) Life spell
can return the wearers to their original forms after such a
ter. Mages trapped in the Suit by losing a key must rip
s free — this process shreds the Device and inflicts

dis:
themselv
five aggravated Health Levels on both parties.]

«eee The Espiritus Mini-Vac

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 8

Dreamspeaker "Rolling Thunder" Ridgway found himself
plagued with a platoon of minor spirits drawn to his drumming.
They were not, shall we say, an appreciative audience, and
made a lot of snide remarks about his musical skill (or lack
thereof). Finally, they got on his nerves. Rolling Thunder
picked up the mini-vacuum he kept in his truck and aimed it at
the spirits, hoping to chase ‘em away. No such luck, paleface!
The whirring engine sent the spirits scurrying a few feet back,
but they laughed and returned as soon as they realized what he

held. However, Rolling Thunder had an inspiration. He began
customizing and consecrating

tosteadily work on the Mini-va
it. He channeled his magick into it and designed special filters
of native cotton and cactus-root fibers. All the while, the spirits
plagued him. Finally, Rolling Thunder finished it. This time
when he turned the Mini-vac on the spirits the apparatus
sucked them into its holding container and trapped them there.
Score one for modern technology!

The Mini-vac uses a D-cell battery. Its customized filters
hold the spirits until the mage chooses to release them, if ever.
Pleased with his invention, Rolling Thunder built extra Mini-
vacs with the intention of distributing them to his friends.
Unfortunately, the Dreamspeaker elders wi shall we say,
perturbed. They confiscated Rolling Thunder's stash and kicked
him out of the Tradition for spiritual bankruptcy and disrespect.

83

Link 4: Other Technomancers


NO Ail

Rolling Thunder withdrew to his Minnesota cabin and built a
new Mini-vac, along with a couple of spares that he keeps
hidden. Despite the elders' disapproval, a few Mini-vacs made
it into circulation anyway. These few are considered highly
illegal by the Tradition'as a whole, biitfonthose who don'tcare,
the Devices are available in very-limited quantities

More often than not, Rolling Thunder tises his own Mini-
vac to trap spirits temporarily, thentakes:the annoying entities
where they won't harm anyone and feleasés them. On more
than one occasion, Rolling Thunder has had to defend himself
against these, spirits upon their releasé."Ttialeand-crror tests
have revealed that the Mini-vac isa bit limited: Lt only works
on really minor spirits, Rolling Thunder's artémpts to use it
against mote powerful entities only succeeded in pissing them
off. So beware, young warrior! Coyore may be' waiting around
the corner, ahd no Mini-vac'll suck him up!

|The Mini-vae essentially becomes a fetish (see Mag:
pages 219, 245) that imprisons minor spirits, Although the user
cannot employ ihe trapped spirits pawers, he'll feel their
influence seeping throngh the mystickal prorcetions of the bag
A shaman who literally "bags" 4 Bane, for'example, will suffer
from pains, nightmares and personal corruption until the spirit
is released. All told, the Mini2vae can trap four spirits before it
needs to be emptied} thé longer, they remain in the bag, the

angrier they'll be once they're let loose.
[A Mini-vac user pits the Device's "Arete" against the
spirit's Willpower in a resisted roll (see Mage, page 81), diffi

culty 6, Ifthe spirit loses, it's sucked into the Device; if the mage

loses, the entity remains free — and it'sa fair bet that that spirit
won't be happy!
invisible to mortal sight (at which point the shaman merely
looks like

censured this blasphemous item and consider anyone who uses
it an enemy of the spirits.]

This Device is vulgar unless the spirits are

1 looney-tune). The Dreamspeaker Tradition has

The Sorcerer's Apprentice
(The Mentor, The Speak-n- Spell

Arete N/A, Quintessence 20, Background Cost 8

Leave it to the Ruby Children, an unruly cabal of Hermetic
techno-brats, to invent an instant spell-teacher for impatient
wizards. House Thig, a recent addition to our oh-so-important
Comrades in Hermes, had a lot of ground to cover in their quest
for respectability. In the company of Houses founded before
Willy the Conqueror's time, the so-called Ruby Children of
Thig were shoved off into the Sidekick's Lounge until they
proved their worth, which they eventually did through a com-
bination of political savvy, technological vision and an
understanding of modern paradigms. While the old-time puff
ets labored under protocols dating from the Renaissance — at

best! — House Thig streamlined their operations with innova-

tions like the Speak-n-Spell
Oh sure, it wasn't supposed to be called that. The original

Device, created in 1947 by a now-deceased lad named Elron

Saine, bore the awkward moniker "Elron's Umbrood Protocol
Schematic and Incantation Mentor." Essentially, Elron's little

gimmick allowed an inexperienced Hermetic to teach himself

84 The Technomancer's Toybox

the elaborate rituals and arcane designs you need to request help
from Umbrood entities. As we know, the Merlins have a way
with the Old Ones; that way takes time to master, though —
years, if not decades. Elron came up with a shortcut around the
limitations of human consciousness: By recording rites and
designs and then projecting them straight into the sleeping
Hermetic's mind, the Mentor teaches the protocols ina fraction
of the time it rakes to read, practice and memorize the spells.
Thus equipped, the wizards of Thig gained ground on their old.
fashioned elders and made new pacts with the Old Gods. This
new edge ticked off a number of fogeys, but until 1962, the
Device itself remained a secret. By that time, House Thig had
assembled enough resources (and created enough clones and
upgrades of the original Device) to block the Order's attempts
to ban the machine.

Elron's visionary thinking did not extend to names. De
spite Elron's grumbling, no one wanted to call the Mentor by its
intended designation. In honor of the re-released Disney film
Fantasia, Elron's colleagues began referring to the thing as "The
Sorcerer's Apprentice." All things considered, that wasn't an
inappropriate name. Like Mickey's hapless character, Thigs
who relied too heavily on their Apprentices dug themselves
into early graves — or Otherworldly punishments. It's one
thing to know a design and an incantation, yet another to
understand the purpose and significance of both. Lots of Thigs
got themselves into very deep and very hot water by taking a few
naps and waking up with the impression that they were master
wizards. A combination of attrition and House wisdom got
Apprentices moved into the back rooms of many Chantries,
where mages could absorb the necessary knowledge without
thinking if they were ready to handle it. This shift from secret
weapon to teaching tool prompted a new name change: The
Sorcerer's Apprentice became the Speak-n-Spell

Elron's original Device has been copied, modified and
upgraded a hundred times siti€@its invention. The prototype
disappeared (along with Elton) when a major demon threw a
tantrum in Elron's Changry, Oops! Fortunately for House Thig,
the schematics survived, providing a Basis for future designs. A
modern Speak-n-Spell consists of a keyboard, monitor, RAM
and hard drives, anindependentpower source, a somnambulis
tic teaching system, al headjack headset, to channel the
information, and a cémfychair or cough: The end-user pro-
grams in thegritual She wants to learn and sets the program
running andltakes algndp2e;-as'she pleaps, tieSpeak-n-Spell
works the' mecessary Words, designs and scquenéés into her
subconséious. She awakéns with the worst breath ofthe day
working knowledge of Hetmetic protocol. 6

The doiynside ofthis shoticut i8incxperieni¢e, Summon-
ing isn't the kinthof magick you just fuck arodnd with until you
get it right. ‘Worse, the impressions @éeasionally wind up
garbled by either 2 bugiin the program ora hiccup in the user's
subconscious. The only waystoxtelll if you've learned the lesson
. well, draw yourowneonclusions. Worse, if the ritual
it stays learned the wrong way; the

and a

wrong is
is learned the wrong w

only method Thig has devised to "erase" a badly understood rite
is to go through the process all over again and hope you get it

straight the second time around. The proof is in the pudding, as


they say, and sometimes pudding's all that's left of a Hermetic

who calls up what she can't put down.

[When a mage employs a Sorcerer's Apprentice, the Sto-
ryteller — not the player — makes a secret roll of the mage's
Intelligence + Occult against difficulty 8. The results should be
kept from the player until she tries to use her new skills; the
Storyteller merely tells her "Your mind swirls with new design

and arcane sigils. You feel like you could command the worl

© Success allows the Hermetic access to the Holy Pen-
tacles rote (see Order of Hermes, page 66) even if she does not
possess Spirit or Arete rankings of 4. Additionally, she learns or
adds one dot of the Spirit Lore Knowledge for each success she
wins on the roll. These gains are fairly permanent, engraved
into her subconscious by the power of the Device. They do not
allow her to employ other Spirit 4 Effects or use other spells as
if she had an Arete of 4. The Storyteller should make a note
about the new powers, the player does not list them-orr-her
character sheet. The new Knowledge is intuitivesnot learned.
Irapplies to the appropriate Dice Pools but dées not carfyover
("Damn! | knéw what-Pm stalking

P<

into educated discussions

about! I'm just drawing a blank right now

© If the mage fails the roll, her knowlédge'js y exe
She has learned something, but that understanding is dintelio!
able. Until her skill is tested, however, theplayée womteRnow
how well the character absorbed the lessons Sheimightbenblem "ts changest ihe
to do great things without a hitch one minute, |therf foul then Thie Pevolugionary

as above; a botch on the return trip undoes the effects of earlier
although the wizard won't realize that at the time
Since Hermetic magick dependson precise
signals are a very bad thing....For details about Umbrood
protocols, see Order of Hermes, pages 60-61.]

+ Leng Chao's Chamber of Yin-Yang

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost 10

An Akashic Brother, Leng Chao dedicated his life to the
pursuit of the Way and continually sought greater physical
achievement. In the mid-'80s, Chao became dissatisfied with
simple physical exertion and began looking for equipment that
would push him farther than he had ever gone. He experi-
mented with a variety of exercise machines, but they all tied
him down, strapped him in, positioned him and restricted him
more than they freed him. He wanted a static tool that would
pustrhim physically, but leave his body and mind free to move.
Finally, he tired his attention to astronaut training programs
Antigravity chimbers, he learned, tested the astronauts in
ys they bad nevehexperienced before. Over a period of five
Jeveloped his own chamber.

succe'

xecution, scrambled

gPherical chamber measures approximately four
\.and it spins on a platform. The Chamber of
eb P P
Yin-Vanaroue: ettial motion while a system of magnet-
erp: y
jty¥fromlhigh to low at the user's discretion
ice walks the taut line between coinci-

up the next. The Storyteller ought to keep [his @psions open_alentalland Hulgar magick. Only a scientist would ever know to

when the mage attempts to bargain with) the spirits. Ac thiss

Maen

point, she knows just enough to be dangerous.

© If the roll comes up a botch, ‘the mage is indeep trouble:
Oh yeah, she thinks she knows what she's doittg; She-dvesn'r;
though, and that fact will be painfully obvious thenexetime she
tries to use her new skills. Something will show up, bur-thet
something won't be happy, friendly or Bound by-any of the
Hermetic protocols...

(Naturally, any mage can use the Apprentice to-increase
her store of Hermetic secrets. House Thig guards its trump cards
pretty jealously, however, and rarely admits that they exist at
all. A character who gains access to an Apprentice needs to
activate the machine (Intelligence + Occult, difficulty 7, with
Wits + Computer Hacking as an addirional roll if she's not a
member of House Thig) or have it setup by someone who knows
how to use it. After applying the headset and pasting its nodules
to her temples, the mage falls into a deep coma for 48 hours.
During this period, her consciousness spins through endless
amounts of Hermetic spirit lore. When she awakens, the above
results apply.

[Undoing a bad learning experience requires another trip
under for 48 hours; a new attempt demands a third voyage to la-
la land and a new Intelligence + Occult roll. A character who
blows three learning attempts should give it up. The difficulty
rises to 9 on the third trip and to 10 on the fourth. At that point,
the mage's sense of what is and isn't accurate magickal lore
become so scrambled that she al:
Occult. A greedy mage who tries to boost her Spirit Lore rating
by making repeated trips to the Apprentice raises her difficulty

s0 loses two permanent points of

pe

4 Jat its feasibility /

/ Dae Akashic worked obit daily in his chamber. Alternating
Lhe héar'y gravity andno gravity atall, the chamber offered
extra fesistance fdp/awhile, then left Chao floating as he went
"through histoutihe. Inheavy gravity, Chao's muscles struggled
with ché effoye/in lowgravity, only his phenomenal balance and
dexterity-aflowed-him to continue his routine. The Brother
found the challenge quite ex! ach workout,
he left the chamber renewed. His magicks came easily to him,
and his reflexes and skill attained perfection. Unfortunately,
the Chamber of Yin-Yang proved as deadly as it was helpful
Chao lived in the Blue Phase Chantry in western Arizona.
Unfortunately, our old Satanic buddies sent a strike team to his
home one night in 1991. Unsuspecting, Chao entered his
chamber and began his nightly routine. The Nephandi at-
tacked. Magickal energy crackled throughout the mansion,
sparking through the electrical wiring. Chao never found out
about the attack. His Chantry-mates found him — or what was

left of him, anyway — splattered all over the chamber's walls.

Y'see, Chao's Chamber had become a giant Quintessence
battery. Seen from the Umbra, it glowed like New York City at
night. If Chao hadn't hidden the Device in his warded, pro-

tected
than it did. As it was, the notice was enough. The Fallen Ones
never got what they came for, but they made sure the Chantry
paid for it with Chao's life.

antry, it would have attracted a lot more attention

Since Chao's death, other folks have taken his idea and run
with it. Supposedly, the Technocracy has one that they use to
experiment on captured mysticks. The Black Hats drop the

Link 4: Other Technomancers

DVD

tS ZN


ON 7 II

les

poor suckers into the chamber and keep them there in the
alternating high and low gravity until they keel over dead from
heart failure, brain aneurysm or starvation. If the guinea pig
tries to break free magickally, she fries herself. Her efforts
recharge the battery. Once the mage's body releases its Quintes-
sence, the chamber collects it. Certain Sons of Ether who've
studied the original Device theorize that it also captures and
stores the Avatar, but they can't prove their theory (yet). As far
as I know, the original Yin-Yang Chamber remains — deacti-
vated — at the Blue Phase Chantryhouse, a memorial for the
man who invented it

[The "Arete" roll activates an
advanced Forces Arts shift the gravity inside the chamber,
Prime channels Quintessence from the occupant to the Device.
As long as the mage has some degree of energy, the chamber
keeps the workout going. If the occupant passes the point of
exhaustion but keeps going (possibly with a Willpower roll,
difficulty 8), the chamber begins sending his own Quintessence
back into him

etcise sequence. While

[The whole process takes 10 minutes per point of
Stamina —five to draw it off and five to put it back. If the mage
cannot make it through the whole sequence, he emergesdrained
of Quintessence and physical energy; if he can (see above), he
comes out energized and alert (possibly with an extra bonus to.

his Dice Pools, at the Storyteller's discretion)
[The machine gets vicious if the occupant goes past the
return" stage. After the Quintessence has been restored, it
drains away at twice the normal rate — three minutes per
point of Stamina. The Willpower roll difficulty rises to 9 ar
the end of this phase, then the process begins again (roughly
a minute per Stamina point, difficulty 10 to keep going). By
this point, the mage begins to take physical damage from
exhaustion. He'll survive this punishment for one sequence
per point of Stamina, then die. A suitable Device or Effect
can draw off the stored Quintessence after the occupant has

passed away.]

QDr. Day's Hypodermic

Some people think that he is out of his mind

Oh, but they don't appreciate the extent of his crimes

But when he gets out his drill

You don't have no choice

You know you're a goner when you hear his voice

He leans right up close, you think "This is it,"

He looks you in the mouth and says "This won't hurt a bit
— The Jazz Butcher, "Death Dentist"

Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Background Cost N/A

A former medic in the fields of wonder-Science, Dr.
Benjamin Day worked for the Red Cross for years. A genius with
life-force and life-fluids, he supervised blood-drives across the
southern states. Day Awakened in 1982. By mid-1994, he had
joined the Nephandiand renounced his loyalty to the Etherites.
This struck the Traditions with a hard blow. His connections,
influence and genius made him a powerful and formidable

enemy

86 The Technomancer's Toybox

Dr. Day's out there somewhere, but he keeps a low profile

and spreads his subtle brand of evil through contacts in the
mundane world and vampiric community. He still works in
blood-drive vans and facilities throughout the South, and he
has invented a number of medical tools to keep him...supplied.
He prides himself on the most daunting toy of all: his hypoder-
mic needle

Dr. Day uses his special hypodermic to draw blood — and
more. With it, this death-doctor takes samples of his victim's
life essence, too. His well-intentioned blood donors suffer from
various illnesses after contributing to "the cause" — illnesses
like chronic fainting spells, memory loss, anemia and terminal
confusion. Unfortunately for Dr. Day, Red Cross investigators
recently noticed the correlation between blood donation and
long-term amnesia, markedly in the southern U.S. He sent
them barking up the wrong sapling with a bullshit story about
ous virus that affects the

The so-called "Red

anonexistent blood virus that had people in a panic

a new blood disease — a conte

memory. You may have heard of it
Plague

a few months ago. These days, the Red Cross enforces extreme

sanitary regulations on the bloodvans, hospitals and clinics in
the South. Dr. Day, of course, oversees a covert project to
research the virus — and uses his privileged access to add to his
collection of specimens.

Once Dr. Day captures a patient's life essence, he con.
sumes ir, literally. The patient's memories — both mental and
physical — go to the doctor, making him more powerful, more

educated and more dangerous. The process is not without side

effects, however; Dr. Day often experiences an odd MPD effect,
shifting from one personality to another during stressful mo-
ments. When
that fits the particular crisis best. His speech patterns change, as

do his mannerisms and facial expressions. From what I've come

aced with a challenge, he switches toa personality

to understand, our friend Dr. Day is fighting a losing battle
against the personalities of his victims. To keep his head, he has
to mentally claw his way over the "bodies" of the people he's
consumed. The more he feeds his habit, the harder that fight
becomes. My guess is that he's losing

Recently, Dr. Day opened several clinics in New York. In
the basement of his main clinic, he keeps a refrigerated vaule
where he stores carefully labeled samples of the people he's
"stolen." He no longer consumes them. He stores them for
future use instead. | imagine he's got quite a collection by now

Maybe someone should help him return those "samples" to
their proper owners before his collection gets too big for him to
handle.

(Dr. Day'
Mind 4 and Spirit 5 into a single magickal function: capturing
the essence of mortal souls. It should be noted that the Hypo-
dermic doesn't steal the entire soul, only a portion of it;

Hypo is a unique item combining Life 3,

nevertheless, the essence of the patient's personality flows out
along with her blood. It's this soul essence, mixed with the life-
force, that makes Dr. Day a slave to his own medicine

[An "Arete" roll activates the Effect when blood is drawn
through the syringe; this cannot be done in combat and may


require a Dexterity + Medicine roll (difficulty 6 on a resistant
patient, 4 for a cooperative one). The soul-transfer effects occur
after the doctor (or some other party) has consumed the blood;
for the most part, such side effects should be left to roleplaying

and Storytelling

[A victim whose soul has been drained by the Hypodermic

feels listless and confused for weeks afterward; it's a fair bet she

will never Awaken in the magickal sense after a portion of her

Avatar has been drawn off this way — but nobody has tested
heer dumb luck has kept Awakened folks away

vul-stealing syringe. If the good doctor were to

that theory yet
from Dr. Da
take a sample from a mage, the results might be catastrophic,
both to the doctor and the patient. We leave these possibilities

to the Storyteller, but we do suggest some big and nasty
consequences — a Paradox explosion, a Gilgul, switched souls,

or something else along those lines.]

Link 4: Other Technomancers


Appendix:
Meta

That's right, I'm an asshole

— Agent Baxter, The

Sleepers are not without their own re-
sources. The following weapons and vehicles
are common throughout the Western World,
and a good portion of the Eastern World as
well. A modern mage would do well to know
such things; after all, it takes more than a few
rotes to take on the National Guard.

This Appendix is presented in no-frills gamespeak. The
rules given here can be considered optional if your troupe
would rather keep things simple. None of the following
devices are magickal in any way, although "advanced"
technomagickal versions of many of them exist. Some
Technomancers channel their Effects through machines
like those described below, while others build special "en-

hanced" variations.


NO All

Weaponry

The following "tools of ill omen" are pre-

sented in the systems and format given in the
Mage rulebook (pages 258-263). Really de-
tailed weaponry descriptions can be found in
the Vampire Players Guide, Destiny's Pr
and World of Darkness: Combat. Have fun!

Bows and
Crossbows

¢ Normal Bows king
about here. Bear in mind that there's a big difference be-

I think we all know what we're

tween a 20-pound bow at the RenFest and a 50-pound bow
with sharp arrowheads in the hands of a master archer,

* Compound Bow: Compound bows are more efficient
and accurate than "simple" bo

s. A compound bow has a
system of cables that reduces the "pull" of the bow by 50
percent once the string has been pulled halfway. Thus, a
character pulling a 60-pound bow would only hold 30
pounds on the string while aiming.

* Crossbow: A crossbow can be cocked and held ready
to fire indefinitely. Crosshows typically have a "pull" of over
100 pounds. Many crossbows fold in the middle to create a
lever for cocking the bow. Others require the use of a small
windlass (called a cranequin) to cock the bow. Still others
use a lever (called a goat's foot). If a character does not have
a mechanical aid of some sort to help in cocking the bow,
then the Strength needed to cock the bow is four. Anyone
can fire a cocked crossbow. Crossbow arrows are properly
called "quarrels" or "bolts."

Support Weapons

Support weapons provide heavy or sustained firepower
and require a separate Heavy Weapons Skill to use (see The
Book of Shadows, page 22). Machine guns are the only
exception to this; they require the Firearms Skill instead.
Firing a tripod-based weapon without its base requires a
minimum Strength of 6; even the cybernetically enhanced
HIT Marks and cyborgs of Iteration X have a hard time with
such powerful weapons.

Pull
30 Ibs 2
60 Ibs. 3
Special 3
100 Ibs.+

Bow Type
Small Bow
Large Bow
Compound Bow

Crossbow Special

90 The Technomancer's Toybox

Minimum Strength

In other White Wolf books, many of these weapons
have outrageous rates of fire. For simplicity's sake, you may
decide to use the damage and rate stats given in parentheses
instead of the normal damage and rate statistics. It bed
rolling 40 different attack rolls!

© .30 Caliber Machine Gun: This weapon is often
found on vehicles, or a

ts

a squad support weapon among

Third World armies. It comes with a bipo:
belt-fed.
* .50 Caliber Machine Gun: This weapon is often

ammunition is

found on vehicles, or as a squad support weapon. It comes
with a tripod; ammunition is belt-fed

¢ 30mm "Chain Gun" Cannon: A belt-fed weapon
found only on vehicle mountings. The high rate of fire allows
the gun to "drill into" a target. Consider all successes during
one turn cumulative for the purpose of defeating armor
thickness.

*M-79 Grenade Launcher: The M-79 grenade launcher
looks (and operates) like a stubby shotgun with a two-inch
barrel. The grenades explode on impact. This weapon has no
magazine; after one shot, the gun has to be reloaded

© M-19Grenade Launcher: This fully automatic 40mm
grenade launcher rests on a tripod and can either fire from its
belt or from individually chambered rounds.

© Mortar: An indirect-fire weapon, the mortar lobs an
explosive shell high into the air. When it comes down, the
shell blows up (see "Explosives"). Mortars cannot be fired

inside buildings, or in areas where some obstacle would

interfere with the projectiles' flight, They may, however, fire
at targets within a huge range (the "Min" and "Max" listings
indicate minimum and maximum ranges for the weapon)
Small mortars can be carried by one person; large ones
require a three-man crew and must be broken down into

several pieces before they can be moved.
© Flamethrower: A backpack carries tanks of napalm,
The

aks, but only

and a hose connects it to a rifle-like launcher.

flamethrower weighs 50 pounds with all thre

one tank is nec

ary. Each tank is good for five minutes of
constant spraying.

Archery Chart

Range
60 yards
90 yards
180 yards
100 yards

Damage

¢ LAW: LAW stands for Light Antitank Weapon —

a disposable, one-shot rocket and launcher. The launcher

isa tube about twoand a halffeet longand about four inches
in diameter. The rocket is about 14 inches long,

The LAW and the Stinger (below) produce "backblast"
when fired. That is, flames and rocket exhaust fire out the
back of the firing tube. Because of the backblast, there's a
two-yard danger zone directly behind any such weapon
Anyone in the danger zone when the weapon is fired
suffers four dice of aggravated damage from the flames,
© TOW: This is a wire-guided antitank missile
that is vehicle- or bipod-launched and produces

backblast like an LAW.
© Stinger: A shoulder-fired anti-

aircraft missile with a heat-seeking

guidance system. This is a "fire and
forget" weapon; you aim it, fire itand

let the missile do the rest. After you
send the weapon on its way, it's usu-
ally a good idea to run.

© 2.75" Rocket: These rockets are

used as vehicle-mounted artillery, found
mounted in clusters of 6 to 60.

© 105mm and 120mm Guns: These
guns come mounted on tanks. Such weapons
normally fire armor-piercing ammunition, either
"shaped charge" or solid shot. Atmor-piercingammu-
nition (of either type) does not have a blast effect. Only
the target takes damage.

cA

h

Appendix 91

NO Ail

Il

Suppor

Name Difficulty
.30 Caliber Machine Gun 6
-50 Caliber Machine Gun

Damage
6 (12)
8 (16)
10 (15)

grenade

30mm Cannon 7
M-79 Grenade Launcher 6
M-19 Grenade Launcher 6
Small Mortar 8 12
Large Mortar 9 24

grenade

Flamethrower 6 napalm
LAW q 12
TOW 6 16
Stinger 7 14

75" Rocket Launcher 5

1
105mm Gun 20
x

120mm Gun 0

Explosives

When all else fails, blow shit up. After all, what gets
more attention than a firestorm? It's hard to walk away from
a mortar attack, and nothing destroys evidence like a pile of
flaming rubble.

Explosives make wonderful "cover" for Forces Effects, too
In open warfare, the Technocracy resorts to demolition weap
ons to make its deadliest Devices coincidental. Even so, the
Inner Circle avoids making big messes unless all other options
have failed. An explosion creates an investigation; a building
that blows sky-high leaves a mountain of paperwork,
backpedaling and evidence suppression for the Operatives
responsible for the blast. More often than not, nuking the site
from orbit (so to speak) is more trouble than it's worth.

Worse, from the perspective of a dedicated Technocrat,
is the risk of innocent casualties. Explosives are notoriously

careless about who they kill. A raid that murders Sleepers
while the reality criminals flee is going to get someone into
very hot water....As you can imagine, the Council of Nine
also frowns on blowing shit up unless innocent bystanders
have been cleared from the area first. Marauders and
Nephandi, on the other hand, don't really care who gets hurt
in the course of a mission. The latter love to set off truly
heinous explosions, then plant evidence linking the disaster

to the Traditions, the Technocracy, or both

Systems

When something blows up, it sends flames and debris
scattering across a wide area. To reflect this, plant the full
damage amount at the center of the blast and subtract one
die from the damage pool for every yard removed from the
detonation point. If several characters get caught in the blast

7 The Technomancer's Toybox

Weapons Chart

Weight
25 Ibs.
200 40 Ibs.
100 Special

1 6 lbs.

1 80 lbs.

1 50 Ibs

1 660 Ibs.
Varies
5 lbs.
60 lbs.
25 Ibs.

Special

Rate
21 (5)
30 (5)
42 (8)

Capacity
100

Range
800 yards

1000 yards

1200 yards

400 yards

600 yards

25 (min)/1320 (max)
600 (min)/two miles (max)
Special
200

200 yards

2500

yards
2 miles

3000 yards
1200 yards Special

1
i
1
1
60 yards 1
1
1
1
1
1
2000 yards 1

Special

radius, simply roll the damage once and subtract one Health
Level per die as the blast fans out
Example: Cyborg X344 hurls a grenade at Jennifer Rollins,
Atropos and Dante. The Virtual Adept stands at Ground Zero,
while the two women are three and five yards away. X344's
weapon does 12 dice of damage; the Storyteller's roll comes up
with a total of nine Health Levels of damage
Dante absorbs the full nine Levels (he can soak it, but we
won't go into that right now) ; Jennifer, standing three yards from
Dante, gets nailed for six Health Levels, and Atropos takes four
The mages are hurt, perhaps badly, and X344 readies another
grenade

es listed below have been rated in

Some of the
terms of Blast Power. Each point of Blast Power is worth one
die per pound of the explosive. Nitro, which a Blast
auses three dice of damage for every pound of

plosi

Power of 3,
nitro that goes off. Each listing also mentions whether or not

the explosive will burn without exploding, and each in-
cludes descriptions of the things that set the material off.

Blasting Powder
Modern gunpowder, used in many small-armsammunition
types. Within the U.S. thisexplosive is egal in small quantities.
Blast Power: | Detonator: Flame, heat Burn: Yes

Concussion Grenade

A less deadly variation on military
The blast rocks the area with a deafening bang and a
blinding flash. Not generally fatal, but a real pain if you
happen to be on the receiving end.

issue Weapons.

Blast Power: 8 die explosion Detonator: Internal
timer Burn: No


Dodging the Blas
Optional Rule)

we, can often "duck
f coincidence, can

an id killa normal human. At
k with Entropy, Forces,
Dodge roll to

fast bit of

ast

Mages, being mas sal

and cover" from blasts that wou!

1 sticl
the Storyteller's option: a my:

p % ake a Dexterity *
ife or Time may ™ a that k:
Matter, ee erst effects. She "found
"i s

fe ° » or experienced
» or "rolled with the force of ee ; ae
porch inc | stroke of é
er be coincidental s Se
peatge bast cure flick for examples of such luc
ather than a sP'
Tr ae jgeistnstinctive,a reflex rates :
ef that the mage takes half damage,
ans, 2
tall.

like those that
yy. Natur:

avoid a

average action¢

me:
good roll — none 4

Massive blasts — ‘
blocks — cannot be dodged this wa

-ould still use vulgar magic survive a hus
Ol ga k to surv

that carr! t coincident
hat jes its own isks. A coin di

mally, mightshield her from some damage
ly \dher from s fea
x happened to absor> e impact, the floor cr PP
wall jus bs hi di

P rcoff, etc. (See the
as the bomb went off,
the basement as ¢ a culties ¢
into Coe avodifier on the Magick Difficu ic
Canis ) still, a mage shouldn't wa'

he circumst

(See the
)
ell. Success
— with a really

wipe out whole city
ally, the mystick
ge explosion, but
al Effect, cast noF

too: The collapsing
dher

chart, Mage,
a killzone
ances, the

Gasoline

The really explosive part of gasoline isn't the liquid, it's
the fumes. Packed into a sealed container (like a fuel tank),
gasoline ignites in a roar; spread out in a trail or pool, it burns
but does not explode

Blast Power: 2 Detonator: Fire Burn: Yes

Gas Grenades

Smoke grenades release large clouds of thick white or
colored smoke. Tear gas canisters let loose similar clouds of
chemical irritants. The former simply cover an area, mark-
ing targets and concealing movement or escape. The latter
can incapacitate most normal humans with a burning,
stinging, choking mist. Neither weapon actually explodes;
instead, the gas escapes through holes in the canister. The
resulting cloud fills a 10-yard by 10-yard area within a
minute, and lasts roughly 10 minutes in still air.
Tear gas causes living beings to gag, cough and

essentially go blind forseveral minutes. Characters doused

with the gas subtract two dice from all Dice Pools until

the cloud clears and the irritant is washed away. Gas
masks protect the wearer's face, of course, but most forms
of tear gas still burn exposed skin. Standard smoke
clouds reduce all sight and smell perception Dice Pools
by two dice, but they do not inflict damage.
Blast Power: None Detonator: Internal timer
Burn: No

Molotov Cocktail

A perennial favorite among urban guerrillas. The
old gas-in-the-bottle trick turns a regular glass con-
tainer into an incendiary device. A rag provides the wick;
the thrower lights the rag, then throws the bottle and runs.
The resulting spill explodes into a small but potent blaze. A

ick': d magick style, a fast"

mystick's focus an

be possible. ;

"ficulty _ Size of Explosion —

"er Sf detonations (grenades Molotov " "
6 = ve explosions (gas tanks, «mall bombs a
‘ Hoge explosions (artillery rounds, tanke

uge ex
° trucks, vehicle bombs)
Dynamite

A stabilized mixture of nitro and charcoal, the ever-popular
TNT can be carried safely and makes an excellent demolitions

weapon. Dynamite that undergoes severe temperature shifts or
long storage becomes "sweaty"; crystals of pure nitroglycerin
form on the outside of the stick, runing the normally waxy
surface shiny and slick. At this point, the TNT is only slightly
more stable than a similar amount of nitro.

Blast Power: 3 (6 dice per stick) Detonator: Primer
Burn: Yes

Fragmentation Grenade

Standard military issue frag grenade. Pull pin, throw and
duck. The
of hot metal fragments in addition to the blast —a fact the

plosion rips the container apart, creating a rain

movies often forget.

Blast Power: 12 die explosion Detonator: Internal

timer Burn: No

st radius is half the usual size, but the fire burns

cocktail's bI

until it is either consumed or put out.
Blast Power: 8 die aggravated explosion
Detonator: Fire, impact Burn: Ignites on contact with flame

Napalm

Mean stuff. This material clings to whatever it hits and
burns until it's consumed. Made from jellied gasoline, na-
palm comes in canisters, flows through flamethrowers and
explodes from fragile projectiles. Anything — or anyone —
within the blast area is set aflame and burnt to a crisp.

A target hit by napalm is covered in fiery goo; the
Storyteller rolls one die to determine how much of the

victim is burning, then rolls that many dice one per turn for

10 turns (a roll of 5, for example, would me:

per tum for 10 turns). This damage is aggravated
troupe uses the optional dodge rule (see box), the player can
try to "dodge" the flying napalm. Her roll would subtract one
success from the initial die result for every success she won.

Appendix 93

NG All

If she got three successes, for instance, a roll of 7 would
become 4 (which is still bad, but not as bad as 7). Water will
not extinguish napalm; the only way to get it to stop burning
is to move the flaming object to a place without oxygen, or
to wait until it burns itself out.

Blast Power: 0 Detonator: Fire Burn: That's the point

Nitroglycerine

Aclear, oily liquid that's easy to make if you know how.
It's pretty unstable stuff, and often goes off by accident if
you're not careful with it. A character with the Demolitions
Skill or Science: Chemistry can try "safety-packing" the
nitro, but the explosive remains a real health risk to those
who use it. A botched Dexterity roll, a hard fall, a bad hit —
all of these shocks can set nitro off. Whoever's carrying the
stuff had better be light on her feet and have her life
insurance paid in advance.

Blast Power: 3 Detonator: Shock, impact, bad luck
Burn: No

94 The Technomancer's Toybox

Plastique (C-4)

A putty-like substance that explodes when primed. This

explosive comes in a variety of strengths, from home-pro-
duced "blasting wax" to military-grade plastique, and can be
molded to fit around doors, slipped into cracks ot packed into
shells ot pipes.

Blast Power: 1-20 Detonator: Primer only Burn: Yes

Primacord

Instant fuse material. This explosive, created in string
form, can either be used to set other materials off, or be
packed into tight, intense bombs

Blast Power: .5 Detonator: Primer or open flame
Burn: Ignites on contact with flame

eg ee ee
= Vehicles

Get your motor runnin

37} Head out on the highway
Lookin' for adventure

And whatever comes our way

— Steppenwolf, "Born to be Wild"

For the most part, you won't need statis
tics for the various vehicles that come and go
in your world. They're best handled as story
elements, as not lists of stats, Even so, it's
occasionally helpful to know how thick that tank's armor is,
orhow easily an F-14 can overtake a Lear jet. For those times,
we present the following optional rules.

Mage (pages 252-253) offers some brief systems for
The Traits that follow add some

vehicles and stunt drivi

new specifics to the original rules

* Safe/Max Speed: This Trait, which can be found in
the rulebook, defines how fast a character can safely drive
the vehicle, and how fast the machine in question will go
when driven at top speed.

¢ Maneuverability: The Mancuverability Trait (also
presented in the rulebook) shows the maximum Dice Pool a
driver can use behind the wheel or controls.

© Crew: The minimum personnel it takes to drive or
pilot the vehicle. Passengers (pass.) are in addition to the
crew

¢ Armor: The number of successes a damage roll needs
before it can penetrate the armor. Anything less simply
bounces off the side of the machine

¢ Weapons: This is obvious. See "Support Weapons"

for some specifics.

-

Appendix

es: aN

rz,

N

ID. WWW


Wheeled Vehicles

Vehicle : Max Speed Maneuver Crew Armor
Bicycle Streng! Strength 5 1
Compact Car 130 1
Mid-Sized Car 120 1
Sports Car 1
Race Car 1
Limousine 1
Mini-Van 1
Van 1
RV ) 5 1
Small Motorcycle 3 1
Large Motorcycle 1
Off-Road Bike 1
Pick-Up Truck 5- 1
Large Truck ( 4- 1
Tractor-Trailer 4 1

Aircraft
Vehicle Safe Speed ax Maneuver Crew Armor Weapons
Small Prop 110 1 (3 pass.) 3 none
Medium Prop 180 2 2 (10 pass.) none
Large Prop 270 8 3 (50 pass.) none
Lear Jet 350 2 (20 pass.) none
Fighter Jet Mach 2 a
News Copter 140 (2 pass.)
Large Helicopter 150 (8 pass.)
Attack Chopper 180 &
Military Urility Copter 180 30 3 (10 pass.) #
Hot Air Balloon Wind v 1 (3 pass.) none

Weapons
* = Four Sidewinder missiles (Difficulty 8, Damage 15, Rate 1, Range 3000 yards); six Sparrow missiles (Difficulty 8, Damage 20, Rate 1,
Range 3000 yards); 20mm cannon (Di . Damage 15, Rate 3, Range 1000 yards); 14 250-Ib. bombs (Difficulty 8, Damage 40)

2
5
2
5

& = 30mm cannon, 16 TOW missiles,

» 30mm cannons, or six 2.75" rockets and two .30 caliber machine guns

Military Vehicles

Safe Speed Max Speed Maneuver Crew Armor

60 8 6 1 (4 pass.) 3
1 (6 pass.) 4
3 10 (10 pass.)
3 10
4 16 (front)/10 (sides)
4 18 (front)/12 (sides)

Humvee 5
APC 3
Riot Tank 3
Light Tank 30 (on road) 2
Heavy Tank 50 (on road) 2

Weapons
% = One .30 caliber, .50 caliber machine gun, 30mm wy mortar or M-19 grenade launcher, or six TOW missiles
ne 30mm cannon, two .50 caliber machine guns; sometim a heavy mortar instead of the 30mm cannon
@ = Two M-19 grenade launch for gas canisters), two .30 caliber machine guns, ram (knocks down walls)
= 105mm cannon, two .50 caliber machine guns (front and turret), two smoke grenade launchers; can be sealed against gas or water.

!! = 120mm cannon, three .50 caliber machine guns (front and turret), four smoke grenade launchers; can be sealed against gas or water.

9% The Technomancer's Toybox


New Skills

The following optional Traits might be of

some use ina chronicle with a strong emphasis
on high tech. Alternately, you can simply
employ the Technology Skill in their place

Jury-Rigging

With a little time, some tools and a handful
of odds and ends, you can whip together a one-

shot focus or Device, ormake a broken machine

work again for a few brief moments. You've got to have
something to work from and some room to move, but given
the opportunity, you can perform miracles.

Obviously, you ought to have a host of other Traits

before you can use this Skill. Technology is a must; Com-

puter, Gunsmithing, Security and a variety of Sciences are

really helpful for certain kinds of work. If you can impress

people with your mechanical skill, however, you might be

able to justify some magickal sleight-of-hand as "technologi-
cal aptitude." This won't work for blatantly impossible
stunts, of course, but it may make quick repairs or conver-
vable.

(Storytellers Note: This Skill might be out of place in
arealistic chronicle. It's not really suitable for Vampire: The
Masquerade or other gritty settings, but it can be perfectly

sions seem totally beli

appropriate for those Ether wizards or Iteration X geniuses
who can cobble a working machine together from a pile of
scrap parts. Remember, it isa Skill, nota Sphere; a character
shouldn't be able to use it to perform obviously impossible
engineering feats.)
° Novice: Basement tinkerer.
oe Practiced: Mr. Fixit.

Competent: A pit crew chief

Expert: MacGyver.
© Master: Reed Richards or Tony Stark

Possessed By: Scavengers, Mad Scientists, Gadgeteers,

Crimefighters, Orphans, Vagabonds, Repairmen

Specialties: Traps, Repairs, High-Tech, Found Objects,
Junkyards, "Should Be Impossible"

Security

You understand the ins and outs of high security
systems — not the simple locks and bolts of standard home
protection, but advanced networks of high-tech devices.
Placement, wiring, triggers, combinations — you know itall.
Or at least you like to think you do...

This Skill allows you to set, scope or disable a security
layout. The more elaborate the system, the higher the
difficulty. Most systems will demand a series of rolls before
you can pass through all the hazards. Many also require a
couple of related Skills and Knowledges, like Computer,

D.WEDK


Computer Hacking, Technology and Traps. A Perception +P = Technocracy: Progenitors

NW ZZ NS

rd features; Intelligence + § = Technocracy: Syndicate

Security can help you puzzle out a system, either to set itor TT = The Technomancer's Toybox
to foil it; in a pinch, Wits + Security might allow you to

Security roll lets you notice

VE = Technocracy: Void Engineers
notice that one important clue that disables the network

or that nails the thief who thinks he's just cleared the fence

250-hp Beanie TT 36
3-Dim Sense Factory TT 24
1/2-Inch Deck NWO 53
Bilateral Pattern-Fusion Suit TT 82
Black Helicopters TT 67
Black Rat's Rats TT 33
Blade-Blaster™ Rocket Blades TT 34
Blast Pistol M2 287
Block Party Videos TT 52
; Bond Watch TT 55
Device Index Bootlegger Jets NWO 55

Brittany's Music Box M.
Key

Cardio-Muscular Assem

Novice: Read a book
as Practiced: Trained on one side of the law

Competent: Trained on both sides of the law

Expert: Burglars ask you for advice.

ee Master: Catwoman
Possessed By: Burglars, Commandos, System Design
ers, Glamour-Thieves, Infiltration Experts, Elite Guards
Specialties: Computer Systems, Sensor Equipment, Cat
Burglary, Tricks

286

age IX 52

BoS = The Book of Shadows Carte Blanche BoS 150
DW = Digital Web Cephalic VCR TT 63
IX = Technocracy: Iteration X CHIRP TT 19

M2 = Mage Second Edition Chopper TT 28

NWO = Technocracy: NWO Cloning Devices TT 67

98 The Technomancer's Toybox

lee ee

{|

Clout Perfume $ 50
Correlli's Badass Jackhammer TT 77
e

Deadly Warbots of Dr. Von Allmen SoE 66
Digital Dollz TT 25

Digital Drill DW, MC 100

Digital Enhancement Implant IX 51
Digital Online Package DW, MC 100

Doc Eon's Action Jackets TT 32

Doc Eon's Gas Bullets TT 34

Doc Eon's Lemurian Lightning Gun TT 40
Doc Eon's Time Watch TT 39

Dr. Day's Hypodermic TT 86

Dr. Wingbat's Etherjet Rocketpack TT 35
Dr. Worvil's Wand TT 44

E/E Personal Cloaking Device TT 14
Ejector Seat NWO 55

Electro-Pulse Hand IX 52

Electroephermal Scanner DW, MC 100
ELMART TT 38

Endless Ammo Clips BoC 103

Energy Shielding NWO 55

mic Communications Package DW, MC 100

Erg Cola TT 50

Espiritus Mini-Vac TT 83
Exo-Musculature/Exo-Skeletons TT 56
Exoskeleton IX 51

Fiber Opticon DW, MC 81
Firearm IX 52

Fractal Symphonies TT 15
Green Dome Manar NWO 55
Havoc Gun TT 35

Heads Up Display VA 63
HEAT Chip TT 20

Holdout Weapons NWO 55
Hot-Mach I Speedster TT 77
Hyperphoto Zoom Lens w/ Spirit Film SoE 64
Hypersynaptic Reaction System IX 52
Iron Lung IX 52

Iteration MP-O Penetrator IX 51
Jangler Pod TT 78

Kaleidoscopic REM Suit TT 32
Kinetic Limbs IX 52

safeguard TT 57

Kinetic Transfer $
KROMM TT 16

d Lady Wudlowe's Menhirs TT 79
Lazarus Transmitter DW, MC 101
Leadstopper Vest $ 50
Leng Chao's Chamber TT 85
Lesser Viasilicos TT 57
Light Meter NWO 53
Lon McAin's Cool Shoes TT 52
Lycanthroscope BoS 149
Mad Fiddles of Dr. Mercer TT 74
Mad Mook's Million Eyes TT 75
Magic 8-Ball TT 17
Magickal Macro Keyboard DW, MC 101
Magnatronic IIl VASD TT 21
Manar NWO 54
Martian Purifier TT 32
Master Remote BoS 150
MEGA Pen TT 29
Microtools IX 50
MIDAS Card $ 49
Mjollnir Mk. IV $50

Mobile Home M2 287
Net Gear IX 51

Nitro Quintessence Injector NWO 55
Orbital Manar Station NWO 55
Orrery of Madame des Bellestours TT 69
Personal Cerebral Translation Unit TT 16
Physiognomizer TT 41
PKD Paranoia Amplifier TT 53

PlastiSkin TT 58

Plutonium Pill TT 36

Pneumatic Arm 1X 52

Pocket Poltergeist TT 36

Portable Manar NWO 54

Portable Virtual Reality System TT 14
Power Suit $ 50-51
PRETI Gun TT 22

Professor Parallax's Displacement Device TT 39
Ragnaroc Security System TT 27
Raptor Silencer $ 50

Remote Sensors TT 59
RetEncO TT 70
RUNTIS Suit SoE 65

100 The Technomancer's Toybox


Samurai Suit TT 63
Scout Drone TT 60

ers DW, MC 100

Seekers TT 51

Selective Mine M2 287

Sensor Organ IX 52

Shotgun Microphone NWO 54

Sin-TV TT 80

Siren's Tears/Breather Collar TT 75
SkinSuits TT 65

Sleepteacher NWO 56

Smoke Cloud NWO 55

Sorcerer's Apprentice TT 84

Spectre Limousine NWO 55

Spirit Goggles M2 286

Stage II Power Glove TT 18

Stealth Suit IX 51

Styx Armor™ TT 60

Subliminal Broadcaster NWO 56

TDR Games TT 24

TDSPV TT 65

Telepathy Specs TT 37

Tempest Hardening NWO 56
Theresita's Thousand Magick-Finger Bed TT 76
THOMAS Gun $ 52

Thought Programs DW, MC 100
Thought Transference Device BoS 152
TrashCams TT 50

TWURP TT 28

UniCash Card $ 51

Universal ID $ 51

Universal Identification Card Kit TT 54
Universal Systems Access Computer $ 52
VBC:3 Bio-Computer TT 81

Vehicular Manar NWO 54

Verrecchia's Marvelous Lions TT 71
Voice Recognition and Output VA 63
Vrum Vrum Boom TT 41

War Machine TT 43

WatchCom $ 50

X117 Death Ray TT 38

X14 A Thunderhead TT 61

Xenon Bulb NWO 54

Youth Drugs TT 62

Zelly's Eternal Theatre TT 46

Zephraim Pincke's Automata Arcade TT 45

Appendix

101


Why should the mysticks have all the fun? Across the boards of Dr. Volcano's
Forbidden Website, we uncover dozens of gadgets, widgets, inventions and killing
machines from the vaults of the Virtual Adepts, Sons of Ether, Technocracy and other
random sources.

A long-awaited sourcebook for high-tech magick, The Technomancer's Toybox
includes:

¢ A collection of neat stuff for Virtual Adepts, Sons of Ether,

Technocrats and others;
© Storyteller hints for technomagickal gadgets;

* Weapons, armor, vehicles, web gear and more.
