# File: The Anarch Cookbook.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Bill Bridges

with Kerry Thornley

Justicur,( vo, Arcanum,
Ridale, Tragically Hip, and Th

Disclasmer: The

any persony li
ietsin thew pager nor a challeoge tothe rrademarks or copyright

Due to the mature themes presented within, reader discretion is advised,



The eternal order of the night — rent
asunder by shining knives clutched in the
fists of young immortals. First up against the
wallare the elders, caretakers of the oppres-
sive "justice" of the Damned. The tyranny
of blood isatits end, spilt with gouging rakes
and lapped up by mouths eager for Antedi-
luvian power

The War of Ages is now. In the neon
streetsof the modern city, the ancients fight
a bitter struggle against the bold new order

the Anarch Revolt, These young are not

the pride and joy of their vampire sires, but
the fearsome heralds of Final Death.

How long can the Damned remain hid-
den? How long until the Masquerade is
revealed? The anarch'shandis raised, poised
to bring the curtain down


Credits

Weitten by: Bill Bridge

Additional Material by: Kerry Thornley

Developed by: Andrew Greenberg

Edited by: Robert Harch

Art Directions Richard Thomas

Antz Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Jesper Myrfors, Max
Fellwalker

Covers Chris McDonough

Layout: Michelle Prahler, Sam Chupp

Back Cover: Chris MeDonough

Models: Amber Bind, Steve Bahop, Stephan "Wollgaini*
Bloch, Jennifer Brooks, Tristan M, Duarte, Michelle Ele,
‘Aaren Farnham, Jeff Haris, Fuzy L, Hatren, Rob Hilla If,
Jane lsunsoto, Arch Ljepavafr, Jack Ravenlock, Tim Sedlack,
Jeore Stephens, Jillian Sucter, Jherek Swanger. B,J. West,
Paige S. Woron, Wayne Yourig

CAME Stupte
Word From the White Wolf Game Studio:

Conventions, conventions, conventions, Have you
any idea how many of these manic beai-bursting gath-
‘erings there aro? Well, White Wolf tries to lope its way
toar many as itean, but if not aways posible; If there
tea com won you would like us to attend or support,
Pleme contact Travis at least two months in advance
‘wth bate information, a flee and arcendarice expecta
tions. We're especially interested in working with cons
homing live-action events.

Special Thanks To:

Mark "Karpov" Rein® Hagen, for trying to mate ar the
eon:

Stewart "Big Ball" Wieck, for pumping it up in the
rocking cuir

‘Rob *Scammin" Hatch, for finagling the last-minute
Velvet pate

Andrew "Slammin" Greenberg, for puttin' the fear of
‘Yeg into the yuppie scum at Velvet.

Ken "Super Car" Clif. for his erat love of a vehicle
which breaks down more than Andrew's.

Josh "Aladdin" Timbrook, for sending Chris into
ower the comparison with "Beauty and the Beast.

We Love of Flying" Harris, for having Delta send his
bags in the opposite direction from himself (got any under:
went yet?)

René *Car Woes" Lilly, for the game she's developing to
deal with her search.

‘Teavi
show in Vegas.

Richard "Ego Buster" Thomas, for his job interviewing
technique

Sam"Homeboy" Chupp, for gerting to devore himself to
the kids

Chris "Cottage Cheese" McDonough, for his fear of the
Great Unknown,

Wiliam *Sucka" Hale, for geting Andrew to write his
bio for "Blue Blood,"

fensy

asy" Williams, for his reaction to the

Bill Chaplin X" Bridge, for demanding the return of
long, long, long cinematic extravaganzas

‘Benjamin "Challenged" Monk, Jr., for getting to de-
velop his first game

way, (us hve disappearing voice

Michelle "Headbanger" Prahler, for communing with
the table

Dedicated To:

William Powell, author of The Anarchist
Cookbook, whose work has brightened so many
lives, and Eris. All Hail Discordia!

The Anarchi Cookbook


Prefac n Anarch Manifest: 10

Chapter One: Joining the Cause

Chapter Two: The Revolt...

Chapter Three: Weapons for the Fight...

Chapter Four: War!..

Postscript: Pleading Your Case..,

Appendix One: Who's Who Among the Anarchs.

Appendix Two: Anarch Slang...



not hold
anarchy i bose upom the world,
idedimmed tide is loosed, and every
is drowned

The best lack all conviction; sile the worst

W.B. Yeats, "The Second Coming"

pellion! Theclarioncallfortrecdom! Whenthe —consensue of the Camuarills backs this up, keeping me
racticsotdiplomacyandconciliation fail, when Kindred in line and playing them like puppets in the powe
appression rules and none aro free be amos of the Jyhad. Fear 1 the saucer of this power — the

who hold the reins of power — then power mast be wreited —_ ages-ald fear of aquisition. Using the need to hide from thone
by revolt. Violence isthe metic of thore who are madashell who sought to slay all vampites, the Camarila built it
ndaren't going to take itany more. This isthe tactic of the foundations of canteol on the backs of all over whom the sec

Rebellian (s inherent to the natute of the vampite, It Many, such ue the Sabbat, the Ravnos clan and oth.
runs ns a curse in the Cainites' veins, handed down genera scattered aver the world, escaped the Camarilla's hold. For
‘ion after generation trom the firsc murderous revolt of those who buckled under, however, the leash has only gotten

ate has caused many Kindred veotherwise; without it, would noe the clambering hordes of religio

facade it is — what Kindced do noe har sand into every Cainite's breast
lusts for power, and dream of when theie chance will comet The anarchs refuse to secepe this anguinent. They feel

rule overall eternity the amount of power granted
The anarchs have an entirely different perspective on protection given in return, Tox

Tothem, —_penitions to cement their own power structures, heedless of

iaany Kindred hae taller by

en exempting themselves, The rhe wayside, ignored by the

ough!

tine to take a stand, Ir i


How To Use
This Book

‘The Anarch Cookbook for both playersandStoryrel-
ery It isa sourcebook for the anarchs, those Kindred who
refuge to recognize the rule of Camanlla and princeyand thus
bring the Powers That Be against themselves.

This ts a guide for anarchs on how to' get-away with
bucking the system. ft includes the infamoue'"Anarch Mani.
festa." which has been freely distributed among Kindred
everywhere, to the anger of the Justicars It can be used as &
source of ideas for your awn revolts — but watch out, for the
elders have alsa ead it, and dhey may be eeady for yous Who
kknaiws, maybe the "Manifesto" was written by them just to
ap you!

Chapter One: Joining The Cause. This chapter deats
with the anarchi themselves: who they are, what they doand
why they do it, 1h also includes tips on fining und joining
them,

The Revolt. This chapter gives the
indi of tse Aunaich Muvememt — low
jway with what they do and whar happens when
they work together to takeout the prince or toundermine his

wer. Ipovides information on the state ofthe Movement
over the wold, ow creating alles aussie your city; und
lists some allies who may be too dangerous to use.

Chapter Three: Weapons for the Fight. This chapver
includes some hard adviee on how to screw over your en
mes. It includes using computers and other high-tech
devices to get your way, and even hand-to-hand tactics for
thedown-and-dirryaction, including martial artstyles. This
chapter should prepare all young anarchs for the next big
ep.

‘Chapter Four: War! This is it — the hi;

ime. Nomore
inganound; thisill-outwar. Riotsin the street, taling
cout other Kintred who oppone you, and how the prince will
respond. Everything you need to know to'nin a good war,
‘ncluding how to consolidate your wins or ran. with your
fesse

Postscript: Pleading Your Case. What w do when you
are caught red-handed and dragged before the prince. Hints
on the wheeling and dealing necessary to get cut of rouble.
vwch is whining, double-crossing your friends, and other
tactics both noble and despicable. Also, how to get revenge
from beyond the final grave, if comes to thar.

‘Appendix: Who's Who Among the Anarchs. Incluies
character sheets for some famous and not-so famous anarchs,
‘ocludiue Salvador. author of "An Anarch Manifesto."

‘Alo scattered throughout the book are scenario ideas,
‘motivations and information on anarchs and their antayo-
nists (orthove whom they antagonize). There is information
he Seorytller cose when manning anatche (perhaps in

ne

‘conflict with Camarilla players) or the prince trying to stop
the player' revoles), For the players there ae multiple ideas
for their rebellions, and springhoards for them to create their
‘own new tactics.

You will find arguments throughout on both sides of the

fences the justifications of the snarchs for what they do, and
the rebuttals. and defenses ofthe princes, The ise is more
complex than simple right or wrongs botl the anarchs and
the princes tend to see the matter only in black and white
Choosing sides isnocas easy ast may appear on the surface
for both factions harbor secret agendas. The true motives
are veiled in mists of time and night

Theme: Rebellion

Rebellion is what anarchs are all about, and ie js what
they do best forche prince wants their hearts ania stick. They
do riot usually revolt just to relieve the boredom, They have
taken their stands against oppression, either personal ("11
want tofeed at Che: Louis, 'm gonna feed there! Screw what
the prince thinks of his precious restaurant") or ideological
(*Our Blood has freed us from the tyranny of mortality. Are
Wwe to trade it for the tyranny wf the prince!!")

Mood: The Rush

Face it anarchy is fun. Itisareal rin toserewover the
Powers That Be and get away with it. Everything is seen
through the sharp lens of an adtenialin high, with no neutrals
— just "us and them." Decisinns are made on the moment,
with notime for contemplation orrationale, An anarch lives
herdecisionsas they are made, riding the wave while she ean,
knowing she might crath soon.

References

The subject of anarchy and revolt is huge, and people
Hever tire of writing about it — it is an inexhaustible field.

* The Anarchist Cookbook by William Powell, with un
‘troduction by Peter Bergman, Nor only does it havea great
title, but it includes essentials on so many ways for causing
anarchy. This is probably the most popular manual for the
‘personal anarchist, and can still be found in some bookarores
Beware, though — some believe twas written by the CIA tu
serew you over

8 Jos abmgraze lock nen itis Locenpaiteresralog the
reading list tacludes: How to Kill, Volumes One thigh
Five, Don't Get Mad, Get Even, The Poor Man's
Bond, and more.

* For the weird of mind and heart, the Book of the
SubGenius, by Dr. Ivan Stang und others, ts must read.
Many anarchs huil Bob Dob as their one and only prince,
and down with any of Jchovah 1's minions! The Stark Fist of
Removal ls coening: are you ready?

'* For the religiously weird, highly recommended is the
classic of guerilla cntology, Principia Discordia. Don't
forget to parrake of s hot dog without a bun on Fridays, Hail
sis, All Hail Discordiat

The Anarch Cookbook


* The Iluminatus Trilogy by Robert Anton Wilton
and Robert Shea, Forget Oliver Seone'sJEK.
lla suit! Fu

Many anarchs know

left out the
it the real poop tn this tr
that the Camarila i just

» Tlluenin:

that Greyface Gruad is the real Antediluvia
# V For Vendetta by Alan Moore and David Lloyd. One
g ok about the cost of politics to basic huinanity

all bookstores oF

political writings of Bakunin, Proudhon or Kropotkin offer

and ideology of the anarchist

Many revoluti

n our world

we. Ir wat erie in Spain,

political me

ert snd might have succeeded

bur for Franco,

» Boy: in the Hood (directed by John Singleton),
deo, what many anarchs may have
gone t a nbrace. A mortal life

ironce one b
* The De:
we th
pve many

of Western Civilization is an excellent

film about the pank music movement, but good hick finding

feo stores don't carry it

* Sid & Nancy (directed by

Alex ¢

so recommended is Repo M:

America's twisted suburban myth

© Music: The Sex Pistols are

sche: He wa

* Nic

notan

rebel te him:"Bebold, [show

e has been largely misunderstood
k, bu

ng. W

pher among the yo tecomn

friend asitall g

ng for that

ndes: Thus Spake

Zarathustra, Beyond Good and Evil, Human, All Too
Human (especially popular among Kindred),
In Closing

[you fave' read this fa; you h
to be safe. How can the prince trum
well go all the way and learn how to d

fais wrath, Read on


Preface: :

n Anarch
N anifesto

lis Hombres, Guerra a las Institicioms
eace to the People, Wer to the Institun

nish anarchist slogan

ok —amanifestofor freedom! Freedom{orall tant than serving his needs: us, Yes, ie ts we, each and every
whu will isten with theie own ears, nor the ears of us, alone artogether, thatare important! Weare «
others have given them, 1, Salvador Garcia, to this prince, not pe

Kiyoure

hh deep within, pou will find the sp

hut yout call We all have our own rights to think and do what w

ne.* When you find i, this spark, fan it ito a flame! its This eldors of ope kde hiave crosted inany fancifol and
the amarchs, We whadonoclet others fearful myths with which to sca: rt
edo not ket other go where we will not lead —_yluntsintheearth, wt willoneday tise wpand eat sal; that

listen t

them so thisday never
stof our kind was Caine, cursed by Ged, and thus wean

mes. They st

You who read this wonders "ase they mad? Is not the

© going to stop them, to bum them with the vengeful cursed. These and other hes they give to us, to make us
1 or banish them from the sight of Tell pou this, sorry for ourselee
nd—hewill ry. Yes, hewill ry. Buthewillnotsucceed! — willnot realize the w

to keep usin line ta

th for curselves: that we are mote ay

We are strong of will and cunning of ways! now than we have ever been, We must seize the moment
Jc things Hkriows and many more; for in my breath: every moment, and wrestle with their envy into eternity
ng days 1 was called upon by my Spanish brothers wo fight Hecause we know thistruth—that the Kindred are Ie

terrible ways. For thisy I was left # invneed of
1esaw mewhoknew of my

Tk

one who would
fcallyouwhoread they uy to sweep our buxkies under theirnugsso no others see
rat ws. Laws? We will give ther
Js, bullets and bles
isiswhy we must rebel, why we must live theconstan
my in every drop of our vities Ef we falter for «

wand destroy us, We figh for our

te us. They reserve for us special

ye eternal Way of the Blood. theirerimesayainst thi

ssed to seek my ju

ain, death, 9

mthose who knowof Laws! Laws

toften, for T

mikes. Venomous snakes spitting reyol
Justicars moment, they will

poison are th

jdwhyimatyouknowofus!We survival, the right toour second lif, to lives we wish. Daron

lictator prince. We have discovered someth

wore mmpor


Justicars have created a monarchy

fe
were mortal, they breathed the musty

heir fire lives. When these old

the jeweled clothing of lordsand kings, Ifthey knewnot these
ssted for them, So,

y were gifted with
a second birth, they used it to gather to themselves all the

have in theit breatling days.

the power and enielty of tyrants. And they i the

My Story

time, and bus
Weare 1

ote out leaders in life. Why

Inguisition can come
the pri

is — but

children of dem:

youth; they

queens in their etemal age. But w
dream new forms af rae? i is time

5 to blackened ashes!

he fire th

Weliad the power t

should wefose chis
cannot chatige? They knew only kit
think only

j

self, ses thar yeu will under
I write this, why 1 fight the way 1 do, els wery in
ou understand this, otherwise you will chink d
scnscless violence and war. This is nc

My name é Salvador, and f was Spans

1 bicth,

my mortal birth, was into « amall but el
mm Andalusia. The year was 1876. We w

very poor, and

all had holes

take that from us

amily, and n =

the older boyy

‘pew form of rule, wh

would getasthey de

heute.
Change would

out bodies to

ik. There

d them in theie tall
pamphlets, tracts telling ¢

ved. Th

rethe w

ut paral


Web anderful ines together, nis compadres
these hi

we were against them.

them. You could not know how good it wast

starviruz because of them. Bat they caug

woh

usattimes,
‘one, We had to arrange mi

our tends out of the country s0 they
Itwasafter had done miny famous deeds thar Leame t
the notice of ye man from another town, He called
self Ferdinand. He had come from another chapter of the
ner Negra 10 work with am Ve was an itt ud bad

incited many riots of the worke:

bigcities and towns.
ac chat hi
¢ they would denible

must not teach the ears af the police
theit efforts aga cch him. We only saw him in

the night, and he would not let usknow where he went durin
theday. He claimed that he had business which only he eo

of IF he had not been such a noble man, we w

ever have tnstes! bsian, but he mever betrayed ws. 1 wits

discover that he was the cause

continued strength
not many knew th

uught agninst the policia for d

1 men. How could I not fight against those who abused

powurand murdered innocents to maincan this power
surely not innocent, but there was one who was

He was my brother, Pablo, He was barely a man, with n
hairon hisichin yer, when they killed us, We were walking at
n ming home, when the poticia ciught me. | thmk
they had recognized me from the descriptions that had been
going around. They took us both my a back alley in the town
through which we traveled,

Te was covered in filth, (or stream of sewer water ran
rede into the potson water and rubbed
my face into it. They bear me, laughing all the while. Can I
blame them for d ad | nor beat them in reeum:
No, me. We did what we had

Noy it was the laughing that anger
forall. Yes, we enjoyed it, but because we

through it. They

men, they simply enjaved caus

Pablo was yell p.and they laughed at
him too, Then one of them struck Pablo, knocking him back
into the wall. This I could not take. He was my brother, my
kin. yose up and hit the guard in the face, breaking his jaw
: me, while the guard
grabbing his arm. vine t

They beat mie so much and so hand that they broke
side, ond kre

r bed me again and heh

old back his fst. but he was again

hac would die. I wascoughi


the foul excrement flosting there. Los demonioa! They were
not satisied with my suffering, They turned on Pablo and
began to beat him.

Pablo! Mi hermano! A thousand of their deachs will
never avenge what they did to you! And they called them-
selves the caretakers of justice! {will bring them justice, 2
iustice which will cause them to bex for mercy! But mercy
sball not be theus — never by my hand!

| could aot miave. My bones were roo broken and my
rmusclexon fire. The pain of t! To slowly die there, listening
ro the pleas of my hthor Pabloas they hear him and killed
hhim, How could they be so cruel? They knew nor what they
dist saw the horrar on their faces when they realied what
they had done. They wece drunk with their power,
theyhacl over lifeand death Bur they learned shour ultimate
power.

Their laughiny stopped, sind oni of them screamed. {
heard the sounds of srrugeling, and two of them fell down
next rome, splashing water on my face, Then I saw, through
‘my blurring vision, Ferdinand, Heheld the other guurdby the
tread, and he looked to be chewing at his throat. sae blood
ripping down the guard's uniform, which Ferdinand hurried
tolap up. Hele no horror formmyzelé. I gloried in knowing tha
tmy revenge was belng enacted, even as Hay dying Iwas glad
for their body and painful deuths, ecstatic to see the horroe
ton thier faces as they died.

Fedinad droped the Wetess gusta wo Use yrouenl wind
then bent over me, "Méamigo," be said, "You are dying. This
saddens ine, for youazea very good fghter,andsmartalso, Do
you wish to fight stil?" told him yes, Laid, bur chat ir was noe
0 be, He sisok his head, suiting, "No, Salvador, you wre
‘wrong: | can do this thing, to make you live again and never
die."

‘And 1 believed him! { had always trusted hum, and 1
‘wanted sa much to continue the fight, to avenge Publ to
take revenge upon all who abused power, on all nuthority.
But," he said, "there iva price. You must drink the blood of
others tosurvive, Theutifeforyour life. Youwill beone ofthe
vampitesa

1 agreed! I knew what a vampite was, but did not cate. I
id not believe everything thut the priests said of them. I
thought of coming, in the form of a bat, to the chief of the
police, ard wicking his blood until he fell at my feet, coldand
dead. This though thrilled me, 60 I beyged Ferdinand wo do
this tome.

‘And | was made vampiro, one of the Kinalred of Clan
Bruja, and the childe of an anasch,

Pablo wasdend, too ite to be raised again as I had been.
Mi pobre hermano. 1 vowed that ! would fight on for him,
fight the laules he would never grow up to see. How 1
mourned thateve; the fist night of my new birth, He was tay
brother, my own blood. They sry time heals all, but this is
tbe, said by mortals who know nothing of time. An eternity'
ppot enough to heal the hatred I felt! Iti fel it even now.
buming in my decayed stornach,

| aided Ferdinand in fighting forthe anarchist ideals in
Espana. We were involved in many of the tists of the coming
Years. Inow knew that we were not fighting the government
‘only, but the Ventrie also, and all che Camarilla.

‘Then came the Spanish Civil War. The Ventrue, and
their secret, hidden masters, had a powerful puppet in the
dictarorFranco. Wesaw ourchance, and bevan anall-cutwar
to destroy Camarilla power in Spain. So many wonderful
times we had, fighting for our ideals alongside mortals, many
of ther aware of us but uncaring. They knew, asdid we, the
real ene fascist authority, It isin the Fight. the rush of
activity and action, that I can sometimes forget my pain, the
tragedy of my life from poverty to painful death,

But the Camarilla were more powesful than we. They
had aid from other countries We had frirne in Pare, he
they were helpless to supply Us It was in this wae that
Ferdinand was killed, but he destroyed the Principe de
Barcelona as he went. They tore each othet apart, drinking
from each other's powerful veins as they struggled. It was
Fenfinand who won, and had the last draught of blood, but
the prince' progeny descended on him. He was too weak
from loss of his own vite, and they finished his off: One of
them now has the vitar of my sire in hie veins, and 1 will
destroy him for it

‘After this, [knew we could tot win, Lnew that it was
time to seek foreign lands,s0 let for America. There [joined
the Brwjah in California, ia Lot Angeles and Hollywoed.
Here wasabrandnew world, one | could never have imagined
cextiting. The marrals all came out at night, to wander the
beaches or the brightly lit streets ofthe City of Angels. They
hhad no fear of the dark, for here the un chone a brightly that
itlicup theirheartsatnight. Yes, here, [ thought, could bea
new Carthage. Here we could live with them in peace, with
‘no need for fear. Bur the Camanlla helieved otherwise

For years we tied to work things out peacefully, for we
ddd not want to bring war into our new paradise. But the
prince became harsher and harsher in his laws. He saw our
desire forpeace asa weakness ins, He didnot believe we had
(in us to fight. We showed him how wrong he was.

The war was still being fought by the Americans, and
many in California were afaid of what the Japanese would
do, We cleverly created a panic among the mortals, causing
some to believe that the Japanese were invading Hollywood,
‘The streets were full of panicked people; and soldiers were
everywhere. trying to find out what was happening. It was
then tharwe made our move. | had much experience in these
kinds ot wars, so everyone looked tome tobe leader. did not
fail ther.

The prince wis unable to eontral his frantic police and
soldiers. We hunted down, one by oti all those who were of
the prince's blood, and killed them! Then, ie came for him,

He lived ini rich house, « decaderse mansion in Beverly
Hille where he had many parties for the famous people. There
‘was nosuch parry ta night, however, for he knew what as
tocome. Hehad prepared well Welostsome of ourcompadtes,


in thor fghe, but it did not change the outcome. He pleaded
with me, Hegging as the aristocratas always do when the
revolution tsar their doors, 1 ignored hin as he sank: into
death and bis blood sang in my veins, empowering me with
the vite of ages.

Towed then to use his hood well, to in power with it,
to frce those who tired of the shuckles of the Camanilla. We
decided not to stop there. We would wrest the City of Angels
frown theit hands and take it as ours! We could do this; we
were strong in this city as in no other city jn America. We
marched upon their havens and forced them to submit 10 1s
or burn. They did noe give in early, and we lost more of cxer
compadres, but they lost many mote than we. Finally, their
elders called a halt to our march, and airrendered their peiwer
to us. We had wont

Allistory Lesson

(Over the next year, we worked! quickly, and ie re
spread over the West Coast, Soon, many cities were in the
hands of anarchy, and the princes were gone. We called our
new cities the Anarch Free Stati

‘Weare ruled by ourselyes now. I there are any
‘we take them helore our councils, where everyone has a kay
in things. This has caused problems, of course, when
ments could not be sttled, but they are nein t

we once knew. Many come from all over to
good, We revel in our strength!

Bue there are still those who attempt ro stop us, co take
form us out yrandlachtevernent. Hay, forany who would tke
this fromus, we will deliver death ro them with bombs; guns,
Poison and the power in our yery blood! We will tear them
limb from Fimband hang the remains on the highest cower to
greet the rising sunt

oin as. This i

A very fine man — from Spain, like 1 —said, "Those
who do not lear from the past are doomed to repeat it" This
‘own was the philesopher Santayana, Ths ts great wisdom,
sopresially for us: For we donot lear from our hives from the
lives of those older than we, we are doomed to repeat their
roistakes. We must know of history. We must know the
history of the Anarch Movement for the

The Time of Myth

will break this history of ours up into sections. und the
is whut I call the Tame of Myth. What we know of this
‘ime comes from legend only, There isa book many believe
be real, called the "Book of Nox." This hook supposedly
tells the secrets of the first Kindred. rhete father and all the
and daughters. Thus book is talked about much ele:
where, 01 will not discuss a here. Buc I will say thar T donor
believe init. {think this wascreaned by the elderstoscare the
young, to make us think that they have o greater claim on
history than we

ovement ny

Al the rales from: this tithe are about the first genera:
toons of the Kindred, and chele fighting among themselves.
ould vsiee grower freon
b. There i u tale that says that the Third Generation
slewal it fathers, burthis was only because theirfithers tried
tokill chom. Ie was self-defense. Is this not what we anarchs
dot
Everything anyone tells you about this time must be
mispected. One thing that 1s clear i that there were no
anarche.as we understand he teem toxlay. The old was al
teplaced with

ok. There mere ao tiew fy

new form of rule.

The Brujah Achievements

The Brujah chin developest from

hard workers. They were diane 1

wupof strony willed
rab

x abeis overs
existences, to greet and raise theirnew form of life toa higher
pplane, to reveal the pif as it truly was. Carthage, we are told,
was a city where the Brujah lived with the mortals in
Thauniory, rosin dhe tue bela the ties ef our sup
case. If we were cursed, this city could never have been
But other Kindred clans heeame jealous. They were full
cf hate, spiteful they could not sce their new life for the
wonder thit Ir was. They did not want others tw enjoy it
These were the Ventmic and the Malkavians of Rome, who
wpiced to bring Carthage down so that never aysun would
Kindred live with kine in peace. This tale they use ro defer
their Masquerade, but we can see the truth belies the le: i

livesoonce, we ean lives again. Humane need not

Pre-Masquerade

The government amon Kindred in this time was very
loose. The geographical reyions divi
real romeral Far the most pot,

them too mach to
door Windond
were oppressed, they went elsewhere, to hve tieirown way,
from those who would stop thetm. But the world xrew
fer, and the hands the varnpire kitws reaches out
cveryithere to smother al resistance to their kleas of what
Kindred life should be
I was their callous use of humanity that caused their
near destruction. The humans rose upp against ther, with
thete Holy Inquisition, never strong
‘own Spain, This caused the creation of the Masquerade, at
first an excuse to hide, but later an excuse to reign over all
Kindees.

If The Anach Cookbinik



‘ouch power in France, and hold ir in Paris in later years,
despite the strength of the surrounding Camasila

Ita in America tharanarchshaveachance tocaryethete
own place, as in California. Anarchs are young, They ate
‘neonates or childer. for only they realize that the older one is
the les wise ane is. Those I fought with to create the Free
States were hardened by their fighting overseas: Many were

like me, and had fled here to escape persecution.
has pawed since then, but it has nor dimmed the light
of freedom from my eyes. The need for vigilance against the
old is more evident now than ever.

Wilder anarche hegn to appear inthe 19805, when
nygturks in leather were Embraced. They knew little
and they rudely spurned any older than they. They
ld men, Then eame Vietnam.
ne home, after fighting far their eountsy, only to
ome were Embraced, anil their new power

propeien
could not see fit 0 kneel to o

Marsal

Anarchs Today

save them the ability to fight their injustice. Authority had
‘caused all their pain, but now they could fight back! The
‘young demonstrators who had been gassed were also angry
and sore, and those that arose again after the Gift, took their
anger out on the princes.

But the princes were Teaming anarch tactics. They
began to use the violent mortal revolutionaries as retaiiers,
as we had been doing. They manipulated them into lawless
acts to further their own plots at the expense of the anarchs.
The rest of the Kindred blamed these acts upon us, and we
became known as nothing but violent children, out t0
destray. Ireadklenems that much of thisisttue Tso many call
themselves anarch only to be able to rebel. They have
‘nothing to build in place of what they teardown. But it does
‘Rot matter — it is the testing down of oppression that is
fnparrant. There will always be those who rebuild

J must speak about the Anarch Movement, for this is
what we have here tp California: a united stand apsinot the
Camaritlinnd authority. Wehave come together to putaside
sur differences an stop others from exerring power over us.
Ebewhere, and even here in California, anarehs are divided,

groups for their own goals early coming engceher
achother. Infact, weight each orhermore often than
wefight the princes. The leaders are the ones who rust make
thetirse move toreconeifiation. Only by working together, im
fnurnbers, can the anarchs clrewbese yalin what we Inv
Californias ar own Freeborn,

‘We muse beware our eng
their boot-licking
otd und! secking

nies, the princes, Justicarsand
rchons, They are the same everywhere,

uctestong hold on
power. They cannot realize that their time isover! They must
ove aside for the youn ar crumble to dust Ir would be bese
for chem ty sleep away the years, until the world can be new
and young for thet again.

aigtain their ce

Theyarefools! They graqpand grgpfor more power over
thote they cules and the ruled aretox stupid to realize whats
being done to them, [spt the anarchs to reveal the true

A Call To Arms

plot: the war of fyhad. The princes and Justiears fight i out
amor themselves, atnd blanve i ati mnyuial elders. They
ssy that the Antedilavians are using all as puppets for thete
war; but the war is really annong the elders. Only we anarchs
are free of strings. Only we can destroy the puppeteers, and
ddesteny then we shall. The diuuin of tuck hearts will beac ty
‘our veins is they perish under oar fangs!

‘There sone enemy yourmust knowof:Justicar Petrodon.
He isof Clan Nosferat, and nor only is he ugly ouside, ba
the beast ts worn on his heart also. He claims to sympathise
with us, but in reality he hates all our actions and our being
He is too old to think new thoughts, and his ugliness has
seared him inside. Beware his wiles! Oneday, Pettodon, you
shall plead before me for precious nsercy, but shall receive
-om! Your potzon blood isnt fit to drink, you fucking

Maybo you are one of the lucky, and the prince of your
city will listen to you: Do-not lec this fool you into conceding
yout demands! We must not bend in the face of conciliation!
‘We can be friendly, but never kind. If hey do not recognize

‘our demands, then bring mging fite to their very havens?
Bury tive bastards' eojonest

This { know, more than any other thing that we nist

p least expected, when they.

| tell you to begin the riot! The time is here, for the
mortals themselves have had enough of oppression, We can
aad them in cheir war, just as they aid us in ours, Their

The Anarch Cookhook

‘marches through the streets can cover our battle. When they
fig, we use fight. When there ss action, you must be part
of it

‘Thete are many weapons you ean use to fight the enemy.
They must be made nfrad. Use your hands. Use guns. Use
poisons in their blood. They will fear you! Use computers


against them, for they do not understand these new things.
They know only castles and swords, but we can lear te
things.

For this, we must be strony and fight like wolves, nat like
the pups they think we ae, There are many dangers this sy
but wecan overcomeall. We must resalve tobe free and tun,
‘ou lives as we willl The wore that can coun is death. Bud it

My Final Say

seems, for us who have already died. flat i it really 40? Who
says that we shall aoe Live yer
placet They who say we are cursed believe that this means
that we shall: not live a life again aftet our second death but
Tsay we ase not cursed. If we Will hard enough, we shall live
again! ThisisasNieresche said" My doetrine: Live that thou
mayest desire 10 live that is thy.
case — hun wi

re tame and

y — for tn any

Thave said much here, things which will cause many to
fhateme. Youswhoread this will alsobe in danger, for they will
suspect you once you know the enuth. If this causes you to
fAghethem, even in selftefense, fm glad. You may hate me
fort, bat L know that it is necessary: It isthe way of freedo
lothing is won without blood, especially for a va

‘You must fight thetn in every way, never lettingthem get
the betcerofyou! Youmaybe aloneat first. Youmay not know

‘Only you are to blame if you
demons. allof them! They wish to mike you live urowigh the
hell you cheated when you were born again. For this, they
must bum as if they were in hell. We will be theit hell! We

irthem rule you. They ave

Reyenge! Sweet, thick, red revenge will he mine every tim
you kill one of them!

‘Onwand, to the r
Farewell,
Salado

ing fites of reveihution

An Open Letter to All Cainites

From Justicar Petrodon

Jam writing roaddresca grievous crime which has boon
committed against you all: refer to the po Js huse
been freely distributed in all Kindred meeting places— "An
Anarch Manifesto." Many who have read this have voiced to
‘me complaints, in the belief thae the document speaks the
truth. [fee i imperative that I, once and forall, demolish any
lingering doub as co the authenticity of te events related in.
the "Manifesto."

I categorically denounce itall asa le, a vielous attempe
‘by violent revolutionuirles to destroy the fabric of our cet
ries-long peace, The author of this rant i warmonger, i
hedesires nothing morethan fighting hisown kind. Diablerie
ts hie greatece jors and towatd this end Ii wich
others to fight, to give him the excuse he needs that he may
cannibalistically sick vite from others.

Lam aware that ]am disparagingly referred to in thistant.
{ say that I bear il toward none, event those who would tear
downourschievementofacchesivesociety Salvador Garcia,
the author, despises me because twas forced,
pani hin. This happened in Span during

the interests

harge of diableric, It ts eurioas thst he does not
his incident

Uhavedone my hest ro canvince Salvadirthat he nny
harming the your neonates he lites into his fold. { do not
‘cate for him, but I fear for those subverted (0 the cause of
destruction They do not know what can hy
quernde is threatened. They have never hae 9 man
mortal hunt thetn down, seeking only to plane wood in
hearts,

There are good and important reasons forthe I
they stand. Of course, it is ely natural chat they will be
abused occasionally. This ts why {and other Justicars) exis.
‘The anarchs do not understand this, They ace lke children,
hheeiless of their parent's wamings Not to lay in the street.

In thys light, { must lay down this ruling: "Amv Anvarch
Manifesto" is ta be destroyed, Anyone caught possessing a
copy will be brought before his pence for juin
sion of the*Manifesto" will be considered a crim
Seecind Tradition, a conspiracy mipinst the rul
Domain. This isthe crime cof alla
the will be co
Teadition ie ull. Trad
Wimessed by Justicar Catlak



Chapter One:

Joining The .~
» Cause

Quer fire wonk must be dhe annihilation of everything as eno
—Mikhail Bakunin, Gad and the Stare

Who Are The city ic pes sae or

these
itcomes to the issue of the anatch thte

nforcers use their powers against the princes. but whe

once again Both parties actin

smother any rebethon against

their laws. Any desent ss pur down ar soon as posible

ur riewsices, then

lec your ce be Underytand this, Lam .

sve 149 all But U cannot do dhis unless 1
venders: what do you were? Thar all {want to know what Tothear

Fm only writing because I'm sick of yoser

ranksof the anarchsare st

you 40 stupll, or & this just amacher erick

television, lack any meaning to struc
ral lives — mot
ane 300! Th
amacilta, as these 1

sonar? | don't helony eo you a your darn prince — I'm my 01

person, free anal loving it If yecan't understand wlty me anal ey Secrets

innot even comprehend livia to 30, let

kissing your ass, then maybe you need to quit

created a dangerous dichotaray i the

| lickin' the hlood of your elders ana leer fo think jor yourself — w

scion of the Mas

eet off my as

Topaz; sn tesponse to Justicar Petrodon

ade

perseverance ofthe vampire hunter: none realize what would
happen if mortals once nga knew what moves among thera

in the nighe

nas quo of the
ice, and thus the

The anarchy stand in opposition to the s
ridead world. They spur the lawsofthe pt

Camara, weing these lav as nothing more than slavery


Mose princes and Justicars react tyrannically to the
actions ofanarchs in their domnins. They bring the stark fit
ef reribution down against any who dare flout their las,
Thisonly exacerbates the situation and strengthens the ranks
ef the anarchs. And the princes give the anarchs just what
they want — a force against which (0 rebel

But who are anarchs? The best way to answer this is to
find ove who they were before the Eanbiace, Mont ancl ave
Peorates and they still closely \dentifychemnsolves with their
mortal personas. The ranks of anarchs ae filed with bikers
punks, goth-punks, thrashers, bangers, young philosophy
student, stivet yang imevbers, gangsters, ceducchs, skate
‘board freaks, Libertarians, "60s drug gurus, ‘90s cyberpunk
guns, and anybody ese inclined toward anarchy and free:
dom. They are the types who will ever "fir in" — the Eternal
Youth wi ne attivade.

Theanarchsand princesare irrevocably opposed. Sooner
or later, war is inevitable, The legends of Gebenna persist
throughout the gossip of the Kindred, and the anarchs may be
the prime movers of this Armageddon, the perfect puppets of
the Jyhod. When the smoke clears, who will be left standing?

Propaganda By The Deed

What I goens die

Before you realize

Twas a brotha with open eyes?

— Boer Couns, "Bay Count

One af the tenets of the anarchist political movement
that actions and words together will win the revolution:
propaganda by the deed, not justthe word. Ananarchist must
This is even more true of the

{n the world of the Damned, actions spenk louder than.
words. The prince controls his domain. by octing agains
thors who would oppose him. The anasch hus w be ever
‘More insistent on action. Not only is it hard for anarchs to
talk to the prince, but he almost certainly will not listen.
Actions and deeds are the only toolsanarchs have to commu-
et hee re.

Insddition, most anarchsitre young neonates or childer
and they want action. They want to do something with their
ewfound powery, not just sit on their asses talking about
(although they certainiy do this, too). The Anarch Move-
ment ica youth movement, with few elders on the inside.

This conseant focus on action is what angers the prisices
ore than anything else. They have entirely too many
Jujects to consolidate without having to keep sn eye out for
aanarch gctivity as

What Anarchs Do

Wall he young can do for the old, wo sock hem and Keep
them up to dane
—Geotye Bernard Shaws, Fanny's First Play

Anarchs fight the power, using the most effective tool
available to the young — violence, When you're now on the
‘Mock and all the good territory has been taken, and they tell
youtotake yourplace on the backcof the Cainite bus —screw
working within the system, you want to puneh somebody!
You were dragged through hell as a mortal, always told what
to do or arrested for just being yourself — and then came
release and power! The night you died and were born again
into the world of the vampire was the best moment of yout
life. Bur itquickly became obvious that nothinghad changed.
‘They wall wold you what to do and put har limits on your
moder of expression. But youcan fight them—you can be wn
snatch,

‘There arealsoanarchs whouse cunning and resourceful
nesinsteadof violence. They buildup networks ofinformation
and power (use against the prince and hus cohorts, bur this
requires time and usually age. Many neonates are unwilling
.F too impatient, to bother with these options. They just
want to go out and kick some but:

‘Anarchs are the best sources of real ditt on the prince, If
the prince has been exempting hixwself from his ow lays, or
hhas been deviating from the desires of the primogen, the
aanarchs are likely tm know about it. They collect suck
information to use iginst him, to help turn others over to
theie side. Thus, the anarchs reveal the oppression of the
prince. Certainly, their information ts biased, and often fall
flies, But ic can be eye-opening t9 naive Licks who do nie
fet our often, and who believe that the prince's lawsare there
cnnly to protect ther.

Inadvertently, anaechs also allow the Kinde
Camanilla greater freedom in their plots. When anarchs
‘cause a nuckus, the prince is forced to pay attention to them.
The ensuing distraction allows other factions, such as the
Tremere, to uct upon their own plots and machinations,

Why They Do It

1 ive like this ause 1 ke

Tye seen roo much to pretend

You can't lgnore the bey of the chings that yon love

(Uke you can't stand the harmed and the les,

— Big Black, "Steel Worker

fone asks onarchs why they do what they do, their
snswersare sure ro vary, Just whicare the mocvattonstehund
thett rebellion?

Most often, rebellion isa means of escxping ¢ppression.
What if youny Lick deviated a litle too inuch from the
prince's dictates, and the prince found it convenient 10 use
hhet aan example for others? This forra of personal injustice
is the most common caine for the switch to anarchy. The
Vietim'sseething hate forthe prince is enough tocause herto
spend bee nights tearing down what he Kas built up.

The ln for fcedom isanother reason. Many mortals are
arent individualists, and they find thishabithard togive up
once they have been Embraced. The form of government ta
the Camarilla is not conducive to individual political free

20

‘The Anarch Cookbook


they may gain som


unfairly (getting f

from one ofthe partes), he iskicked
‘off the couneil and loses alot of respect, maybe even acqul
7 Notoriery
This is similar to tribal governments, where the rilrs
‘only rue as long as they have the respect to pull it off. This
does not always work; most anarch disputes are still handled
ombat, before any coulis convened,

Meeting Anarchs

Juust how does a neonate go about joining the anarchs? ft
can be extremely dangerous to go. looki
neonate who even expresses interest may well be reported t0
the prince by seme tondy. Said neonate will then be ont
list of watched Kindred, unable to do anything until the
prince ascertains her loyalty

ing the

Many neonates, however, decide that continued free-
dom outweighs the cost of security, and actively seek cut

Not that anarchs wear big signs proclaiming their afl
‘tion; indeed, notallanarchs declare themselves such, ‘This
lab! smainty used by princes and archans, wh also se the
oldtylererm "Autarkis." Some lke the name, however, and
achas stuck, There are many who live a "ncrmal" lifestyle in

for their rewolt in secret. How can,

a id one of these Cainites — ane how ean
trust one whom she finds! It is best to start out by looking
the real 1

themselves anarch.

Where Anarchs Hang

Inaimose every city there sa coterie of anarchs. Fin
them, however, is another story. The centersof aciviy in
city will already be claimed by the prince, his supporters an

nus clan members of the Carnarila. T
barrens and the outskirts, the places that ate "vite-dey" or
dangerous due to theie peoxicnity to the suburbs or woods
outside of town — where the Lupines dwell

1§ — the ones who ate noe afraid co label

The prince isnot usually willing o extend his power t
such places. The territories are not woeth the effor, and
expenditure of important manpower is not a good trae for
the inconvenience of letting afew anarchs roam there. These
areas provide the bases where the anarchs can meet, aivay

from prying ears or eyes, to plan thelr forays into the heart of
the city

An anarch must never let down her guard. She has
rejected the aegis of the Camarilla, and her haven is often in
adangerous district. She must always be wary of the wander-
ing hunter or enemy vampire from out of town, While the
perverse dinbolists are a rare breed, anarchs
ferred targets, for they lnck the protection of the prince, For
these reatons, most anarchs ate tough as lath
worth messing with. Ci

ind not

bat isa necessity in their world. and


they rely cn it not only as their lifeline but as thcie chief
means of rehellion,

Within their territories, anarchs will wally hanigeutin
the more: popular and easily controlled mortal gatherity,
places, such as biker bars, pool hallsand sham neighborhoods
They tre usally far enough from the center of town chat the
police ire not all controlled by the prince. and some lucky
anarchs can Dominate small precincts or county sheriff

departments. These are especially handy to use as reinfonce-
ments during the occasional Lupine artack.

There teuenalleonoughefanimormill inthe city rofind
out where the local anarchs han out, When aniarch actions
become matters of public concer, the subject artes in clan,
meetings. If nothing else works, sitting in on one of the
prince's audiences almoxr always allowe one to overhear a
stray comment ftom someone about the current anarch

goings-on,
the Storyteller dees not want to play out the search for
an anarch, roll Wits + City Secrets; Streetwise ssa enraple-

mentary Ability. The difficulty depends on how (ar
"underground" the anarchs in thae city are, and theie level of
secrecy. Fora very paranoid and guernilla-style anarch gang,
the dlficalty will be «nine. A somewhat vocal group woud
beseven or eight. IFthey show upat Brujah clan meetings
los, then Five or abe isthe dificulty

‘Once a character knows where they are, the hard partis
fecciny them know she ts sertoms Whe i riot careful, the
anarchs may take the character down and leave her gasping
‘blood beforesheeven hasachance to speak. Ieisnoc aki
fate to be lft in the bad part of town, too weak from lack of
‘ood tomove. Who wll hear her summons? And will sicgor
amive before the Lupinesscent her and comstoplay with the
conse!

"There arenohard-and-fastralesforapproachinganarchs.
The universal symtot of a white flag may help, but it may also
inspite derision. Nonetheless, it ws better not to be taken
seriously than to he taken as an enemy. If the character has
‘Contacts who know anarehs, she can try to spread the word
that she is interested. This can lowet the difficulty, depend-
ing on.who the Contact is. Black Louis, who smuggles guns
totheanarchs,may havenrrustworthy reputation, but Lionel

Jones, the money launiderer; may have a rep for selling out to
the highest bidet, In which case the anatichs will not be

willing to entertain any notions from his friends. If the
Contactsior Allies are worthy in the anarchs' eyes, they may
approach the character if they fee she is for real" and worth
bothering about

(Once a character finds them and can get them to listen,
the next step ls getting them to let her join,

The Hazing Ritual

Don't worry, you just get in, do some dari, ana get ut
What's tie? Hell mean TJ. have dame tots of times — righ,

T.J.t Andlook, ifthe prince does show wp, jes: say the Malhavians
sade you do i
Ree, W
‘Throwinje one's lot in with other aniarchs is not as sy
‘asjust saying "I'm an anarch?" A character has to prove it to
theta. Many Kindred have considered joining, but the ru

jalchawe couued them to remain

nothing more than armchair anarch. The hazing rituals of
the anarchs are only for the bold.

While the typesof a:
a bold and blatant vet of defiance against the prince or the
primogen ofthe city (deperuing on whether the ember
the primogenare sympathetictanarchsorner), This
thon fershccandidate iswilling toy for
olten ensure that the aurhoeities will become anwar
identity of the Kindred trying to go anarch. This
a Blood Hunt. Many anarchs actually pride themselves on
the nivnber of domains in which they ate "wanted." For the
witty and resourceful candidate, however, there isu
back door available, allowing him to escape identification
during the hazing,

Below ure some of the different rypes of hazing. These
should always be roleplayed out during 2 story. They ate roo
complex and tnmaual to he accomplished with a simple skill
toll, Their natures wary depending. on the political situation
(ofthe domamn. If one of the primogen ts sympathetic to the
anarchs (pethaps even a Mentor), the actions will he taken
‘wzainst the prince, or even an archon. It must be someone m
authonty, and someone who can be screwed seth relative
case. Mostcanididatesare ieonates, anid ifthe basing were too
fare, they would not survive it. Thus, the harings tend to be
actionsthat anger orembarrasstheirtangetsrather than harm
them,

These rituals notomly prove the intentof the eandidites,
but they flaunt the power of the anatchs. By sending their
"ide" ra embarrass the elders, they show how bold even theit
youngace, nd how lirtethey care for heeldets'statusby not
bothering to do the job therselves

‘The World Is Your Canvas: In this stl the anarchy
tell the candidate to deface the prinee's favorite property
Perhaps the prince has a brani! new eoepotute center upon
which hedores He plans toxet uphis Retainers here style
The oxpensive marble wallsand glass walkways.are pirsiacles
‘of modern architecture. Everyone knowsthar to even jo
it without the prince's permission isto tnvite trouble — thu
it i perfect for the anarchs' needs. They decide to help che
prince with his decoration, So, they give the neonate a can
‘of pray paint (for that "Jackson Pollock' kind of elegant wall
rural), a sledgehammer (for that "enicked" marble look),
some spniy hortles of sewage water (the prince forpoe to
purchase pattemed carpets —how dull), and send him on.
his way.

requitingthe


"The neanate must fire finda way in, and then create as
much damage as possible. One of the rules is that he has to
Jeave rome clue asto who did the deed. The prince mustknow
that unarchs wete behind the "renovation" of his favorite
new toy. This clue can be as simple asa spray-painced
anarchist symbol on the wall: the "A" within a circle.

‘This can be a dangerous haring: the prince will surely
have guards set uo, The number of euardewill vary, depend
ing on the past audacity of the city's anarchs. The more
troublesomethe anarchs, themore guards there willbe. Ifthe
prince is overconfident, he may neverevensuspect someone
of considering such atash act ae thie. Thus, theee might not
be any guards, orthose that are there might riot expect any
trouble,

All the World's a Stage: This is more risky than the
Previnus haring: it involves getting within sight of the prince,
although the eandicate ean be diguised. The aim of hisone
isto disrupt (improve, in anarch parlance) che prince's night
at the theater.

"Many princes, capecially those in the larger cities (Wash-
ington D.C., Chicago, Seartle, etc.), pride themselveson
their cultured tastes. The moet prestigious theaters are usu-
ally under theie control, o are controlled by the primogen.
The anarchs will wareuctl a night dhey know the prince bas
fone to the theater, and then the hazing begins.

‘The neonare must somehow work bis way on stig
before the wery eyes of the audience, and thus the prince. He
«can sake she place of one ofthe actors, oF simply storm upon
stage, whichever he prefers. He then proceeds to disrupe the
play. If it ts a serious drama, he must mject comedy; if a
‘comedy, he should turn it into a tragedy,

This does not have to be only a theatet ritual — any
‘entertainment favored by the prince will do. If he tskesinthe
cinema, the neonate must slip a reel of her own filmmaking
project nso the show —one hat lets the prince know the
anarchs have struck again. This must be followed by a
constant barrage of the neonate's films. Every time the prince
slips n video into the VCR for the next week, he should be
treated to Anarch TV. This can be done by putting filie
labels onto the neonate' own videos and somehow slipping
them into the prince's tape collection (if the rapes are good
enough, amore experienced anarch may eect to perform thi
last tricky operation, just co see the reaction of the prince)

The true danger of this hazing. is the nsk to the Masquet-
ade. Most anarchs try to make sure no archons are in town
daring this ritual, justin case the neonate causes more trouble
than can be handled by an experienced anarch "cleanup
crew,

‘The Keystone Kine: This hazing involves making the
ptince'y mortal and ghoul Retainers took like foals, thus
Jewening their respect in their own professionsandgivingthe
Kindred ofthe city some good laughs ar the prince's expense.
‘Thiscan include havingthe neonate play afalse police officer
(itthe departmencisrun by the prince) rocreate havocin the
tanks and disespect among the citizeney. Or mayke the

The Anarch Cookbook:

‘mayor's pants fall down while he is giving a major speech at
the state fair. Obfuscate isa useful Discipline for these types
of rituals. Due to the rather minor and silly nature of thene
acts, the neonate will be reguied to performs lor ofthe to
take up for not sufering through a wre dangerous hazing

Starting Your Own
Movement

Some townsmay nochavean Anarch Movement either
because they've all been destroyed or the membership i tx
elite for the hikes of the characters, Thus, many intrepid
vampires set out to start their own ansarch gangs,

‘The first thing to worry ubout is recruitment. Hew does
‘one go about letting others know about the new club and its
membership requirements? What are the membership re
quirements? This (s the trickust part of the affaly # noe
careful, even archons may ty joining Recmuitment shouldbe
roleplayed. If che player wants to tue 2 public call for
members (using Charisma + Streetwise). then the Storyteller
shoul fel fee to let the player get whacever applicants he
deserves, including that stmnge guy who doesn'tsay much (is
that sake he's hiding in his eoae?)

The easiest way to gain members is tough the Em-
brace: By creating one's own progeny, a character can ensure
Jogalty and conttol che number of members in the gang: I
should be noted, however, that few chings will arouse the rage
(of the prince more than this crime. Creating vampiecs with-
coat her permission, breaking: one of th
almost ensure a Blood Hune unless ied
nade and the character gives up her ana
progeny will be sent to the sun regardless, to ensure that the
city does not experience an overpopulation problers,

Status

Oh, thas Dabiah is an uncouth and rade one, Totally out of
control and certainly out of the queston fora social occasion
However, she does show quite sh arent of courage

— Overheard conversation of Harpies

‘Suatus ts achievement in the societal world of the Kin:
dred, and even thovigh anarchs exclude themselves froma this
world's social events, they can still obtain Starus through
their audacity. Other Kindred will grudgingly respect this,
and even envy it, wishing chat they were w bold, Pullingone
over on the prince can eause mich conversation amiong the
Harpies of the court, and the more takes! about an anarch is,
the more secure her Starus. Status, however, safickle thing
Even when it waxes full, an anarch rarely guins over two dots
‘of Status, except in anatch-controlled domains such as L.A.

Gaining Clan Prestce for anarch actions 8 somewhat
different, and depends on the clan. The Ventrue would be
mortified if chey were caught endorsing an anarch clan
smernber's deeds in any way, but the Brijah oftes: applaud
them, The Seorvtelle should determine the parcculie sim


Fi Thenlkegorsrs

ther Clan re both defined by their

avon of a city's clan, and decide from there

estige can be gained for anarch actions or not. Bryah, other. The two polescan never meet unless
Gangret ancl Malkavians almest always appreciate the occa- vis.
nal cheust for freedom, bur the Toreador mygit find itt The Jusiticaty and archons also oppose the characte
auch sier to goin Statu Coast than Their main task isto protect the Masquerade, and how often
else in America, althoug winwincities they interfere with the character depends vn how close she
| kc Miami and New York. Theanarchsof those citiesimainly comes to blowing the whistle on the Kindred. If her actor
wgainst the Salbar, which somerimeserears them onstantly endanger the great Cainite secret, then she can
Carmari cotint on their eanstant harassment

Regardless of the political ramif
ich, the charneter also stands agains
traditional wisdom, She thi

Your Enemies

4 the pa

red of the elders, She stands f
which flies in the face of
iit and believed fos
who has seen the courtof Charlemagn

ek raving at him

and thus incurs th

the ancient Kip
Avamp

equality. To the elders, the matter of age is the most

pts. They will never cone
ate anarch's elaim to eq

ail Gea ca unl cigs Besides the authoritarian power structutes in the world
eustinait Heli the Damned, the character wll nevi make oe

nist, although somecities Tae

hs. Regard
mn which the
of not the ewo gx

tr separate


let asa threat to their own burgeoning plans for
lf bei

she muy finxl he

fe may seem the an he world. On
the other hand, if they play their cards right, many of thos

who are now their enemies can become theie allies

Ideology

swe are not the least ofraid

We are going to inherit

vin dhe word before

they leave the stage of history. But we cary a new world in

hes
anarchist of the Spanish

cst anarchs are not eoncemed with the

for theiractions; they just know that they
However, some anarchs have an intel

sophical rai
like what the

tualbenctrom their breathing days. They attempt roformulze

For most of thes lly inclined anan

that have been snid about freedom through the
ages. Particularly popular are the wr

chistssuch asKropotkin, Bakunin and Proudhon. The poi

by anarch, expecially in the late-night coffee shops of the
Anarch Free State

For the most part, anarche dispute the legends of the
elders, and donee believe: the myths about Caine und
bedtime stories to keep the "children" mn line. Anarchs find

the stories insulting and thus have comme to the conclusion,
like many mortals today, thar most myths and legends are

falsehoods created by one'seldersto shackle the freed

their ume working throw the great philosoplucal problem
new form of life, sing th

One such philosophy posits thar the freedom of ind
dual vampires is far mote imporcant than the dictate

spss the Camarilla, This has come tobe called the
Human

such

y of Libertas. It propeses that, bes

called

phil
Jegree of metaphysical freewill.T

4e

» others' control. The espousets of this philosophy bel

from the Libertas-drain

1d the neon

that the Change

ing insticutions of mortal x and he must now work t

inte of Camarilla vosiety. The
4 Libertas, Thus, the

er of the cont


Disciplines of Dominate and Presence, along with the Blood
Bond,arethe ultimate proofsofthe vampires linktolibertas.
Its the duty of all anarchs.to free themselves from this
control by other Kindred

Libertas posits that each entity has a unique "vantage
point," or perspective on the world. The less aware an entity

f newantage point, howrver, te ease it fot othe
manipulate its perceptions. Perception comprises vectors
‘which earry the information ofthe universe: the "goings on."
The vantage point restricts the number of vectors that can
‘enter an entity's sphere of consciousness Thus, the wider the
perspective (the more vantage points availabletotheentity),
the more vectors the observer can assimilate and the more
complete the perception of the world. For this reason, an.
‘entity who desires to be free must work co increase its vantage
Points to ree the Libertas. Since vampires were once mortal,
they have two ractal vantage points: Kindred and kine, The
Auspex Discipline is a great emancipstor of penpective, as
are various hallucinogenic and psychoactive drugs.

Libertas is the part of the entity, at the core of its being,
that is witally connected to the rest of the universe and can
never be denied its vantage points. Libertas can be repressed
se that the entity i uaware of Us camnention with tbe
universe, that the vectors assaulting its perceptions are any-
thing more than extemal events, Fostering Libertas brine
that connection to consciousness, making it more difficult

et The Disciplines of Done
pate und Presence operate by perverting the essenti:
connections between entities, vsing thern to enslave rather
than free. Obhuscare uses the connections t0 restrict the
vesioor that auiliex peieeives.

Myths and legends can bind Libertas so that physical
ciccts are obtained. Belief in myths causes an entity to
restnct i own perceptions of more real vectors. Adherents
‘of Libertas believe thatthe vampiric vulnerabiities to wood
sad fire are psychological effects, with the dehided vamn-
Fires who believe thar garlic can harm thean. They believe
that if the Libertas can be entirely freed from external

for cher, oc oneself

hen all the effeets which hurmper
| disappear —cven the inabality w va

ree free
during the

1s is believed that being an anarch fowets the Libertis,
and i is rumored that some aniarch have achieved such &
proficiency in transvaluting all heir values that they have
‘pained powere thereby in the form ofa new Discipline. Mos
hawever, believe this to be mere propaganda and
‘rumormongering.

‘One evangelical anarch named Lagcanuis has become a
poplar props im Cae,
the father ofall vampires, Caine is shown to be the maligned
loyalson, punishedby an unjust andjealous od, Caineisthus
szoically suffering through an unjust curse, s reall Kindred
jt, then vampires
are not evil. The rages of che Beast are caused by the jealous
ged, not the Cainite, thus absolving the Kindred from their

ctions Laecanus hopes that through abso
Cainites can free themselves ftom frensies by realising
that the causes are external.

Certain mystically inclined anarchs have pooited that
the world is ultanately the thought-construct of «sleepin
‘Antediluvian (perhags Caine himself), and tht vite th
‘only "real" connection to this Primal Vampire. By following
back through the "emanations" (ener
tions), avampirecan return to the teal, of Awakened World

nuvexcisetor Uiablerie, ind is poplar
‘aman thase necnate anarchs who practice it

Most anarchs have heatd of these philosophies, hut
‘either do not understand thom or do not care to. Some
neonates, though, are hecoming interested in these forms of
thought, seeking some alternative to rubilitn

Nihilism i in facta cause fora major splicin the Anarch
Movement. Many anarchs fight to destroy the oppremion
reigning over them and build u becter system. The rest jue
want to destroy, and they don't care what comes next, The
two factions are respectively known as Constructionists and
Nihilists. This schism has often caused anarch to fight
‘among themselves rather than against the peince. Thus chink
in the anarchs' armor ean ften be exploit
prince.

Wot a Moew inocal pesspective"

jon of the

by acumning



Chapter Two: ~

The Revolt

1 people

SS, Declaration ot Independence

Personal Anarch Fakes
Tactics for Survival =!

is his kingdom
ubjects, in sworn fealty

nd the Ca

vival as an and enforce his ules

ink the memory of the

Feeding For Free way to

, then the patient may give the

ndrestin their city. What bet

vents of vatmpires than regulating their most it

rivity! Bh

One way of feeding is u
(Casanova: During sexual in


week after week, Ghouls can act as the directors of a her
bringing them w the dinner table ia an organised and

Making Alliances

[cis important, indeed vital, for anarchs to wake all

aces, be they for information,
reinforcements. With

cal sympathy or
werul Kindred

to lune them away, but this puits kild mot ood ‘ . Wecaiepetotboan
etal ald not be sacrificed simply to feed easily, bu on ‘Mites

ey Can act as spotters, keeping watch on an rea to nak

An anarch must usally approach those with whom he

on their own turf. This can, of course, be
dangers, Ans atsarch fs

swthes to

= (0 anyoure wlio wat


impressthe prince. The character must be sure to respect the
wuhes ofthese he approaches; otherwise, they will noe trust
him inany deals. Most Kindred will wanesecrecalliances, the
fend discussed in dark cellas away from the prince's ears

Foc information, the easiest way is to beftiend the
Noerntu. They will be dstrustul at fist, but fhe character
scayssincete, he will surely win theit friendship. Mose in the
Canaria are cepulsed by them and refuse to extend a hand
infriendship. The character should know better than that —
asan anareh, he should know things are not always as they
seem. A friendly Nosferatu can be contacted for all sorts of
information: the clan generally has the best network in the
city (maybe the country!) for information brokerage. Mast
princes are unaware of the extent of the Nosferatu's knowl-
edge; if they were, they would surely actempt to put strict
limits on the clan's contact with anatc

Political sympathy from the primogen,thecity's council
‘of elders, is always useful. Its members cepresent the only
‘other real power faction in the city. Some cities' primogen
wield no true power, while in other areas they increasingly
sather force as another option against the monarchical rule
‘ofthe prince (though few anarchs prefer this form of oligar-
chy), Aid from a member of this counci! is of immeasurable
worth. A decision from the primogen has often halted some
cof the prince's more harsh tactics against anarchs.

Making these alliances, though, is the tough part. An
elder's desites in retum for her sympathies depend on the
«elder: the plots and machinations of these ancient Kindted
can be quite individual and complex. Most often, elders use
anarchsto create trouble, knowing chacthisis what everyone
‘expects anarchs to do anyway. They would be castigated if
they personully broke thetr clan laws, so chey like to ute the
snarchs as their "hie men." Whar they offer in retumn, their
Influence in matters ofthe law, ssconsidered by most anarche
to be worth the trade. Unfortunately, few anarchs stop to
consider that by aiding the Camarila they onky enforce its
power in the end, even iit sthrough interelan violence. Too
often, the anarchs have become the puppet tebels of the
elders, and thus serve the Jyhad.

For making deals without getting the short end of the
stick, the Intrigue Talent jr most valuable, Generally, when
checking to ee ifthe character is being used by hisallis, roll
Wits + tearign (dftouly 8). This i vovallycesined by de
allies ifthey arereally working behind the character'sback);
they roll their Manipulition + Intrigue (difficulty 8), and
their number of successes is compared to the character's. If
they win, the character cannot find any dist on them. Ifthe
character wins, he discovers their ploe (unless theee was
none), lhe character borches, he believes they are squeaky
dlean, and adds one to the difficulty of any further investiga-
‘tons ugainat them.

Anarchs creat alliances for many different reason but
the bottom line is usefulness. Both parties need the other;
‘otherwise the risk not worth the ain, Anarchs rarely work
well with others fur « long period of time — the differences

— +e
in ideology are usually too great ‘This hai not, however, "S
prevented someanarcha from forging ruly binding picts with
other clans oe individuals in certain cities, Miami is an
instance where the anarchs and the Camarilla worked to-
gether to purge the Sabbat, and even though the Camanila
hhas taken over, many of the alliances are sill in effect.

The anarchs despise being used. but have no quale
abour secretly manipulating others for thelr own causes the
ends justify the means, The double srandatd is often the
snarch standard. When anarchs realize they have been had,
they resort to violence, and callin thei favre in the fern
combat ad: The ranks of combatants willing to aid anuarch
inany opemtian usually come from the Bruja, whe mete
bersarerecklessand violent enough tocnjoy thebattlebefote
thinking of the consequences

Sometimes, afew Gangre] will aid beleaguered anarcis
ifthe batele comes to9 lose co their wild havens. In thiscase,
they.are simply siding with the party who will futher theit
survival. The peince will usually refuse to nid anyene who
does not sey in the efty proper, which includes many Gan
grel. Often, anarchs will make mueual protection pacts with
Gangrel living in the wild outskira,

Lone Caitiff who have no desice te jo
tray atill be called on at times for an occasional "hit." The
barter of a favor fr a favor usually works here, and everyone
knows that Caitiff need all the favors they can get

Many skills couse lx handy when making aances —
Empathy, Leadership, Politics, Diplomacy and even Seduc
ton. AN are paired with either Charisma (if an alliance of
friendship isrequired) of Manipulation (ifa more formal pact

Recognizing Yampiric Control

It is vial for an anarch to understand the various forms
of coercion practiced by vampires. He must be able to tell
hy intended ally is under the control of another Cainite
Trusting one's allies equites knowing fr sure whether they
are their own people of not

‘The Blood Bond is the mose prevalent and persuasive
form af contro! che Kindred have. The mere thought of
type of slavery terrifies marcha. This does not mean, of
cours, thar anarchs donot practice thisformof blood contol
themselves. [hey too have double standards. In fact, the
Blood Bond is sometimes the oaly way they can ensute
neonates will not betray thean to the prince

A Bound vampire cant usually be detected if he b
observed in the presence of the Kindeed to whom he is
Bound. He will eventually betray the telltale signs of an
infatuation that knows no bounds. Even if the Bound Kin-
dred despises his Regent, he will nonetheless look out for her
best incerests tis these who are the easiest to detect, thove
who bear both intense hatred and love for another Kindred.

Interviews by a trained interrogator may also reveal the
Bond ot other vampieic control, The Abilities of Inver
tion or Sente Deception (specialty: Vampiric Coerciem) may


ullowa charsctet discover whether ornet another vampite
is Bound, Dominated o under the effect of Presence: The
questioner colle Wies + Intern o extract the proper
responses; this i an extended action. The difficulty 1 the
Willpower of the target, The number of niccesses required
depends on the kind of control under which the tanget suffers
Uhie isnot controlled at all, three sticcesses will ceveal this
the i Blood Round, Lsuccessesarenspuired Do
Prosenice require five successes to detect. The time it takes to
detect control varies but itis generally £0 minutes of ques-
toning per roll. The Storyceller should encourage the phiyer
toroleplay hee interrogation, giwiny her aroll when she asks
a gov of piercing que

There are modifiers to the roll. The longer the target has
been unaler contro}, the harder it isto notice. The Storyteller
should rave the dhificalty of interrogation if the target has
been controlled for some time. If the interrogator has the
Auspex power of Aura Perception (Level Two), the difficulty
‘lowered by three. 1s hard w keep the Bond a secret from
anv interrogator vith this Discipline I the interrogation
involves amortal, only one success is tequited tadiscoverany
form of control

Many leaders of the Anuarch Mewes
great lengths to learn thus skill
could depend on the regular questi

The Clans

Whom
track reco

i have gone to
ir continued exestence

ing of their followers.

tone trust in the Camanilad What are the
is of the various elans concern aid 10 the
anarch cause?

Brujah —Thisclan isnot only the most syinpathetic wo
the aruarchs, but most often ‘Many wonder
why the Brujah still consider themselves part of the Camu
filla since »o nuny of their ranks have become anarchs.
‘Vanipires who ask this question fal to see that the Bruja is
szilln clan, and its membersare sill hound by clan ties. Whil
most ofthe clan'smembers are rebels of one form or anath
given Brujah's idea of rebellion inevitably varies according
tw the era in which she lived us a mortal and was Embraced
Sinice most Brujah elders (who bold clan power) were Em-
braced duringorbeforethe AgeofEnlightenment, their ideas
«radical change often seem quite staid from the perspectives
of theit 20ch-century childer. Many Brujab elders view the
Camantlaasa quite viable sect, indeed a potential utopia, but
cone spoiled by tao much power in the wroeye hands, Thus,
‘while thoy work within the system to halt the excesses of the
‘Ventnie und Tremere, they have little desite ta destroy the
sect asa whole. Indeed, many elder Brujah were philosophers
tn Ife, and find verbal sparring infiitely moee stimulating
than min less rbibi,

parch Brujah, on the other hand, are dose who have

finally hud top much, and have given up on the system
ceatirely. They seoffar their elders, who waste chelrunlivesin
Uebate with the Ventrue at Camilla
they take their arguments to the streets

Sanvocations. Thus,

Caitiff — While Caitiff are nota clan, they areall one
tomest Kindred mongrels. They ar rejects, unrecognized by
theirown sirsand ndiculed by the Camarlla. To whoa can
fone (urn int this situation! ‘The anarchs, of course. The
anutchsean provide the family these Kindred neverhad and
they often do, For this reason, many Caitif who make the
grade are anarchs. Next ro Brajah, Caiiff sre the most
ssumeroweanaechs. They do nis eate for the Camarlla at all
and, depending on how much hate they received before
Joining the unanchs, hey wil repay any pas slights now thae
they have a power base from which to work.

Gangrel — This clan hae many anaseh eympathicers,
and its members mike up much of the Anarch Movernent in
the wilder places of the world. Gangrel are largely disinter-
‘sted in polities, and this s one of the reasons they area part
of the Camarilla, As members of hat arganisation, they can
leave otlwes to worry about the Masquerade, the protection
‘of the Kindred, and the tiresome task of runny the cities
They are anfent individvalisrs, mainly because they want to
be left alone. For this reason, they also respect the aniacchs,
whom they see us fellow privacy-seekers.

Mallaayian — This clan has a fot in common with the
anarchs, rich us the lave of creating cunfusion, but its
member" iimeare quite different. Malkaviars usually desire
‘o.wse confusion to gain power for their lance to maintain
a permanent state of confusion among other clans. This
makes them ideologically sympathetic to many snarchs, ie
some anarchs respees the tavtissof sinc, Bt since nu
Malkavians donot elim wobeaclan anyway, they usally da
not claim to be anarchw either, even if they act like st

Nosferatu —Thisclan desiresthe peace and protection
of the Camanita, but it also knows what 1 ike to sur
‘ostraciom from others. Because ofthis, ts membereare often
sympathetic tothe anatchs. Those who endanger theirplors,
‘orare rade conceming theirappearance, a supported in 30
way by this clan, An occasional anarch, however, has wver-
‘coune his obsession with appearances, and hasseen the true
nature ofthis clan. Ifanarchs offer friendship, the Nosferatu
will usually respond. They will rarely provide diet aid to the
revolt, but will readily supply information,

‘Toreador — The quest for beauty is it sersibly impo
tant to most anaehs, thus the Toreador coulda' cate les for
them. The Toreador love the protection they receive from
the Camarilla IF the élan dislikes the current prince, i
uisnlly tres to plant Its own prince in power. Rate is the
Toreador who is willing to forego the safety of her central
salleries and theaters to live in the ourkitts for ideological
reasons, hut it has happened. There are Toreador who have
joined the anarchs and made an art of rebellion.

‘Tremere — Usually only those who have been exiled
froin thiy clan have ever gone anarch, and only the most
inexperienced neonates are allowed ro leave. There is a
schism in this clan of late, however, and anacchs are at the
heart of it Many Tremere believe the elan is deteriorating
unde the influence of the consenswe-deivers Camanlla, and

‘The Anarch Cookbook


avegone anatch for the greater good of Clan
2s provoked much fighting between chantries, and
i iscondoned by the Council of

any machinations against th

Ventre throxagh the

they have made some useful

with theanarchs wo further these plots, The unare

wary of ths can,
ren the b

Ventre —This clans

wever,for the Tremer
tet of the deal

arly entirely inimical co th

anaachs. The Ventive's primary motivation is ruling the
snilla, The ante aner this youl, Sometimes, how
wer, when the nal rivalry, among the ranks has

scourred, thine who lust after the princedom have struck
deals with ararclis during attempts 10 enep power. Once
\ ible-crowses his anareb alle

neve relations with the rebel

Non-Camarilla Clans and Sects
The Sab

at and the anatchs, as both groups jockey fr power

the city. The Sahar sally offers the arcarchs at an

pont in exchange foe a foothuld inthe city, M

avediscuvered that Subba footholdonlyerowsindisnich

aponsible dislodge. Hawever, hve Sabbbat's great experi

ing the Comal someritmes considered worth

wh to ally with this uneeustworthy clan
discover that the distenst was warranted. Double-crossn
ners iscommon and expected! in dhie clan, soanarchs have

smc tread carotully when dealing with thea, Only th

wt deeperate situarions have warranted thele ald
Assamites — Before total war breaks out, bol: the
ince ani ¢h hs sometimes tesert to aseisinath

anazchs do, but there hav
shim tut, to thete yet

to being in this lei bafin

tc rare that any other clans are contacted by
Anireh Movement, but anarchs eu ard will attempt ary
ing. Theee are rumors from Startle of art alliaice with

i cin
ality. but ne one has been able wm verily this (hurnbeyany

Unwanted Allies

sin beings of the Gothic-Punk world are too dan
musfor mose virputesto appreach, Anarchs are wild one
fever, und sometitnes they rk teaming wp with some
catches 6 cake dvwiea particule sampine, or to ba

ached by lone Kin
the anarchs want


wharisg
instead,
The Arcanum

They a

The FBI

take inte the character while ne

wut the prince an

lisedthe political

ly believeth
undead lord
al Alfairs

4, and their stall in i

sien the butt of eruel unarch jokesdesigneal
an into the datk world of the Kindred by revealing

lars ean be H

nraged if they find out
akethechar

uprean
asin
ually fallen th

Few in the Arcana

hold strongallegiance:

they may 9

than the +
wathout thy
where theysh

The Mages —Morral w

fot. for who ke
hun
deahstic

y become the focus of their alfa

by dropping clues leading them
dangerous, and collaborating ot

forruion may cause a prince oe Justicarto act
anyway. They might
hould be
Vet send

exhibit an inexphicn
Beware

jold? Unlike # lot of
every slfah ruth
nething tobe yained

Iithey believe there

will make deal. Many

I shall call


Lupines — Very, very dangerous, Many Kindred de not
understand the rewons for werewolves' hatred of thet 30
ud to fagure gmat hewy tor approach them, Gangrel have
been kitowni to befriend the shapestufters, but they do net
ows an anatch Gare

deal with her first: She ean then.
0 werewolf propre to Listen,

tel, it is best 0 strike
Tethys, lead eh charac
father than ren

Despite the peneral mnimisity between the tw; peoples,
riots pemist of werewolf tribes more amenable to vampites
How and where to find them i the wbject of ull star at
feast

Spirits and Ghosts — lin most cases, these strange
entiticscan only be approachextand used by Kindred with the
rare path of Spirit Thaumaturgy.
serene forms and can often be dacoveret by accident,
spi release fo magical bondage will often grime a bx,
ut finding such a spirit is ane

The Kine

Anarchs generally take two soances in the matter of the
kine: they could care less for them, having left their oiyn
rota fiver m she dust, or eke they hold ahealthier expect
(rerhaps-longing) for them than do most vampires of the
Comarita

Foc the former typeof anarch, morralsare mainly used
bends. They will occasionally employ mortals as protection,
aftet Dominating them oe turing them mto ghouls Thete
sititade stems frown the fact that their eancemsate now on
their vampiric life and their dealings with other vampites
Moitals, which they ance were, ate now just scenery, This
view itch itic neonates, those
wortal

terintie of the more
who were ostracized orridiculed by athersduring th
fives
‘The jinarchs who fee! differently tend to trent mortals
swith greater respect, givin them more freedom ia thelr
dealings. and avoid Domination ot Blo Boodiny unk
ts called for: Even when necessary, it will not be dane wi
hharm ini mind. This attitude atises out ofa basic respect for
froedam. The snatch is fightitg the prines tw five himself,
anxi will not compromite his values in the fight. In other
swords, mortals will noe became mere puppets in the battle.
This attitude tends to foster the vampire's remaining
Humanitas
smuany anarehs treat moetals bath ways, on a
train. The sheer variety and individuality ofthe
anarchs prevent pigeonboling, bur their ucions will follow
tne of the abave methods.
"The mosccommon purpove for which anarchsuse mortal
is protection. Living on the outskirts can be dan
ne Lupine hunt by day, making ita necessity to
hve a ghool watch over the Haven. Unfortunately, mest
anarchs are neonates and Inck the powers or experience t0
deal with ly. Many anarchs have ta sleep un

perints.

rected, anil for this remo they sometimes just doappeit,
Jeaving their friends to wonder fthey were taken byabnater
or devoured by.n werewolf

Many anarchs ie their okl lives guidelines for ath:
‘ering ghouls such asa Hrwjah biker who goes anarch and
turns his old gang into ghouls These ghouls act as flankers
while theanarch'e van, carrying hissleepingbedl, ravelsthe
ead by day.

Tete not easy for anarchs to gather herds in their dene lick
domains. Word af mouth travels quickly among rvcreal in
the outlying suburbs. 1 easy to pet lent an the city, where ne
‘fone knows your name, but im the "burbs, persistent attacks
become the fodder for gossip,

The anarch's best choices for herds are usually street

ct. those neighbors who do not often leave

cs Insomeareas; there isa persistent population of

Frday-night drunks whoare easy pickings about thiee ot for

im the morning. The arurch who uve this herd must haven
taste for cheap beer,

Jt i rte for anarchs to have mortal Retaitier in high
petty officials of outlying counties being their aly
urictaimed" chances Any mortal who wields tea power is
abranar ase inthe hs

ose disaffected with society, who have grievances for
which they are willicg co fight: militant-radi
nerien groups

Any number f the current extreme factions in An
could be under the eonttol of anatehs. Bolow ate 5
setoups the players can approach to attain common goals,

Exo-Guacrcillas — This in a caichrall category f
environmental orgar Hon which is not afraid to take
‘extreme measures, such at troe-spiking (driving metal spikes
{into tree tw foul up the saws), fn dhe Gothic-Punk world of

be even mene rilical — perp
plancing bombs in sawmills. Anaech Gangrel may hive
this group — but watch our, there may be

some of Guia's Warriors (werewolves) here ule.

‘The Black Panthers — The famous ‘60s militanr, Black
Power group. They are misking a comeback todayand i the
Gothic-Punk world they may already be up to adical,revo=
futionary activities. An old favorite of the Brujah ansatchs

The KKK — A rather exons group ol ricibts. Some je
known ty be involved in yun-running and leter-bombin
‘They are rumored to be tun by the Venrruc, but pethaps sotne
are under the wing of anarchs. Anurchs yravitite toward
revolt, no matter what the credo.

Skinheads — Another bunch of racists, A band ofthese

hauled street gangs can be found in alinont

every major city. They can easily he worked up to hit"

neone they believe tobe Jewish or black. They can he wsed

as clistractions for the police Some Brajahy anarchy are
simapatherie ta these says

Chanter Two: The Revolt 35


They hoard assault rifles, hornby und various other legal
weaponry, Their camp can be used ns wildemess bases and
make youl hideous from the Blood Hunc. If they' are su
4enely Dominated, or under the effect of Presence, they will
vet fight off Lupanes (don't forget the silver ballets!)

i! Serial Killers — Anarchs ght findit
d J individuals together q

murder spreesa la the Manson Family

seloved by Malkavian anaseh
(Cultists — There are too many bizarre culesity America
‘count thers all (although the FBI does). Vampiric Dis

Diablerie As Revolt
However, such dangerous drinking can be
hs anyway A hess of who was ny

thn they probably will have sso qualmsahout i. the

mnatchs ate more «

ned with freedom from peinceh

Ippression, however, then this cannibalistic activity will be

h Croklnd


How To Get Away
With Anything

T's bk trees i
(Omar Khayyam Ravenhuest, Principia Desi

An aivch willy invelved in risky and yolacile
epenitions and she often runs the risk of gesting caught, An

role feeds ao know how se get amay withoue geting

Shifting Blame

One lar tacticy among wnwirebs (anid
other Kindred) sslaming someone els: for une's own crimes
for mustakes. Thus usually requires some planeurg. to ropke
sure there ia patsy set up in case anything goes wrong with,
the plan, Some anarchs deliberutely cxcate situations ust 40
n blame them om xomcome. Framing ekders can hea
rerous but psychologically rewarling game.

‘There are many dilferent ways ty ge ahwut placing the
me. If there is « particular tanget in muind, the anarels
ceviderice, such as personal belongings, 10
intat thescene of the crime. One favorite m
up mesey foosing &¢ uy place the: huey im the tereitary

the blame, and then leavewvidence of that

the most pope

hod tovover
ni

whoever ist
Kindred het

Hunters are often preferred targets for blame. The Kin:
eure ready to buliove any sickerumer aseoelated with thers
dangerous and often deranged mortals. All gne must a ti
fone a hunter (sco yo around anal leave stakes in Ixxdies.
They do not have to be Kindred bodies — hunte
smiitakes — anu the crarier they are for the hunt,

rake

dscernung they willbe. HavingRetaiters tea

yc of the crime will only enhance an alibi. Bue beware:
hunter inexpestedly prestuces tools with wniee-
unnervingeffeers. Blaminga hunter caval

ily backfire
Foreigners are ako good targets. Kindred frum othe
citles can be set typ to bake the fall, It one's snformat
ap w-cuataewer ier yonneasmes sr on
when an owt ‘5 visiting, and be sure wo plan crimes
ound her itinetuty. Travelinyg Gangrel are especially yood
this; noone trustsa traveler anyway, for who knows what
plots she muy he involved inf Besides, if a Gangret bias
wervived the Lupines of the councay, she may be working for
them to heeray all the Kindred. te is very ensy te play on
existing stereotypes to shift blime elsewhere.

Misdirection

Methods of misdirection are also helpful. fone can et
tp incidents distracting others fom a-characters sen deeds
can waually shp away free from capture: Allies ans
Retain chelpfil inthis Having boul sie ul
unrest will keep the prince busy for some time, and the
character ein freely sneak around wreaking haves, knowing
the prince i to0 busy to do anything about i

Afthe character has Rerainiersor Allies placed within the
Camaritla, he car have thea start nutnors ubuast a particular
Kindted: When the chanicter sets the patsy up later, eve
cone will already be inclined to distrust de victtis alibi, A,

Isishave Alles watch anither Kindred on the
aight of the planned crime, They can silerttly cae trouble
foot hun, districting attention

208 acTOSs town.

Alter Egos

Another way to wet away with th
comie-book characters call a "éctet Went

the character ie a quict and

fe eo have what
Most rights
sbidinw, member of the
however, she crawh umund planting monkey wrench
the prince's well-lai plans. She muit build her Carll
alter ego so that no envé would even begin to saspect her of
Iaidesieway fro siclery too much, pus
coher vampires vill naturally become suspicions and pany
noid, The character has to make sure ne 7
thee when doing unarch dowd. Obfweste comes in hunuy
her,

silla and: sappoetee

ngheranarch pouls,

Another way that an-anarch ean get away wth
cious actions isto beg her way out, convincing the

not to turn her iy, She toniot hidieng her gail aryyanore. but is
Aryityeto get heraccuser mo understand, an to tet her go. This
nly works with those who are alrendy sympathetic to the
cate. The anarch calls her Charisma + Subterfuge (or

Leadership) while the carget calls Intelligence + Conscience

(both difficulty 8). The anatch ties ro convince the listener
of the worth of the sction in light of the greater cause of
Jesening the prinee's oppression, or just begs for a break:

bsnl tekee bile aviecalige

With one success
129, bur will plead ber case tothe prince. Two successes meat
the listener lets her walk, bur imme;
dent. Three successes inean the listener will
next ight to report it, llowing the character to prepare for
c te the listen wil
wait until someone else mentions the affair bofore "rernem:
beriny"te, With ive accessesor more the listener isconvinced

re hstener will nor let the character

Chanter Twoe The Revolt 77


the whole thing was just « mistake, or a necessity action
teach rhe prince fumility, and promptly forgets he keows
anything about it

The City

‘The anarchs environment + an emportant factor in,
determining of their revolt. Dif

different Milwaukee has.o strong: anarch
popular Se support due to the Lupine

problem, Chic: rong Anarch Mevement,under the
leadership of Juggler, bur abo an ex
Every anatch should get

know who "owns? what ate
for whowny and 46 on, Th

ally strony. prince

know his city. It vital to

where one can feed, whowor
Storyteller shih be sine

evelop his city well enouzh to anower Questions fon his
anateh players, oe to be ready to run the anarchs wher the
players go looking for them. The Storytellers Handbook
sa City Workabicer to aid th lerinansweri

the neat common questionssabort Kined inflation tn

Sneaking In and
Out of the City

Sometimes the hear may: bec:
anarch, especially tthe prince
times like these, the anarch will
out of town for a whe

provi

© tye much fo
declared « Blood Hune: tn
rwant to lic low or yet

‘One of the largest factors infubieiey 0 vampire 6 his
inability to travel freely In mtciies, hie apart and tras
fe controlled by the prince or these sympathetic to hie
‘This leaves the ronds, which re often haunted by packs of
savage Lupines. An anarch who travels the highways must
strong caterie ready to defend him in rack
«most mortals travel by day, the safest metbeal sto
be carried by a coterie of Dorninated or ghouls, whi
to defond theie master: Traveling arid «
ap of as moat Lupines would
risk an amack against such numbers. Mystericusly, sich
ks are usually weritten off by mortals as the work of mad:
dogs or such, but the oxkls are sull too seat. Thus, ni
anarehs are forced to travel hy road, with a serong group,

to aid them.

The nuinber of roads into city isusaally too great to be
‘constantly watched by the prince, «0 an anarch can iswally
slip in and oat of a city unseen, However, af the anarchy
employs.a group of mortal Retainers, such as a biker gang,
word may get back to the prince anyway, and he eight be
cutlous enough tosenducmesne to investigate. Insuch cases.
oie low for awhile, sending the "pack" off in
another direction while going co ground in ahaven. Anyone

followanygthe chiracter may he misled and follow the Retait
‘ers, but the amarch is advised t0 watch our for those with the
Disciplines to dicaver where he really went

of high technology, the anarchs have
than the elders, Many anarchs hav
they can he reached,
bartender "knows

up an arival hy creating &
pe character just 0

in hy path they know is safe

in oe out of a city by road, roll Wits ©

ion thesize

ities like Cheapo, area #05.
fe ingaret Zor 8.) A complemen
Area Knowledge. Ifthe charactercannotcnve
the prince will sarely want the new Camite
him and Present imac. Ic is one of « laws of the
‘Camarilla, and blatantly: breaking it can cause problems
Scerecy in entering a city 4 the best bet for avoidin
Incident wth the prince

The Prince

‘The prince sa vial part ofthe ex's politieal scene
ssthe visiblesyvmbol Insalin. Une
standing rhe prince and bis power hase 4 necessary for a
successful revalt

iphisarnval,
come before

uinst whows the

Know Your Prince
Whois

jrince? What ure the motivations behind his

rule! Since the anarchs' mn
should learn astnuch as they canabout the one:
choy fiehe

Who he is, and how he came to power, should be
ptovided by the Storyteller, Only commen infarenation
the prince should be given. If he has uny secrets (and all
princes da}, it isup tothe players vo find dem during play. A.
prince's persanal history isa subject of interest to those in his
domain, whether they eck fodder for brewn-nosityeor chinks
inv his armor

inteigue and Kindred 1

the prince
Abilities

The Primogen

to muny-cities, princes rule undefied. Their power in
these places sulnmare—theit won tsunguestioned On the
other hand, some cities have a strong primogen, the coun
‘ofelders which yaters qr ensure tit the prince operates for
the best interests of all clans,

The "Ananch Cookbook



with toby prince, Forthisreasin,enany pine
inlikable and their actions only justify the An
ment. These kindof mactieshave ereatedthe anarchy
("Machiavelli Be

their own end,
The anarchs! auin problem when controlling mort

Retainers isthar the prince often has them arrested, Fos this

hs-tend to chouse as Retainers diose group

which can either resist arest, or those of which the prne
mortals with bom

ayers of any cities. This

police poweratr
mayoral election

ntheie control andl not the Ventnu

forceful personality who i
au jailer ajain wit ey win

prince falls, another uxy take his place, put there by
‘ninchinations of another clan. In these cases, anarchs can
sometimes negotiate with a new ln

0 tet for net cacmyg random ae
the new poweron the thn
Jeperide on wher she isin
they have to he to get where

ay they de ie depends on ther

The World
Outside

Anatchsare spread the

of Vampire. Semenimes, the be

Movemer

roan outside

wrvtries. Anarchs bia

Whut isthe state of the Anareli Mov

Listed below are the places where anarch are strongest and
hints ac what they are doing all over the world.


The Anarch Free States

‘This is the paragon of the anarch domains because
snutchs own i; there és no prince of the Camarilla lording
‘over the domains, California isu prime example of a success-
falanarch revolt, where the anarchs wom against the prince.

The Free States cover tmch of the northwestern coast of
Mexico, theongh Sant Diego asad Lon Aust, to ve neutral
Palitinate of San Francisco. North of the Free States lie the
eas of California where princes still claim some hold. The
seites of Oregon und Washington, hotbeds of anarch revole,
aecfed by the compan usflux of California snuarchs, Seattle's
Frince may soon be gearing up for war.

‘The 1940s were the curing point for California's Move-
iment. The prince of Lov Angeles was destroyed in 1944, and
fas city was claimed by the anarchs. The tevalt on spread
and, almost overnight, the anarchs owned much of Califor-

‘The anuarchs set up councils to replace the princes. The
imoet reapected (or powerful) anarchs made the decisions
needed to keep peace and ensure that other clans did not
swap their freshly won domain, Thishas worked so far —the
mortal life in California holds enough distractions to keep
inanyansrchis from worrying about polities, The clins ofthe
Comarillaare on watch. henwever, waiting forthenight when
they can move in and pacity what chey considera dangerous
siration

Lo thw city chat betrays its lack ofa central governing
force, A Camarilla prince would neverhave allowed the gang
uituition t9 become so threatening, The wild and unruly

azarchs have done nothing to prevent the violence — they
only fuel it; The young neonates in L.A are just ns much a
part of the gang scene as they were in mortal life, and theit
new powers anly add co their desire for war with rival gangs.
Thepolicechief, underthe control of one of the old primogen
«id nothing vo calm the racial tensions, This bas caused a
fight between the anarchs and the still-existing old crew of
the Chmarilla primogen, with the result being the ousting of
the police chief and the instatement of » Beujah-controlled
chief. Ir is will cow early to rell what effect this will have on
LA's racial boiling po.

‘There is, nonetheless, a constant anarch exodus to
California from many C or Sabhat-conerollal cities

wion, with anarchs

fightingin the stretsfor terntory. The councils have unani-
rmously vored ro invade northern cities, expanding thest
borders rather than creating the kind of laws they originally
seanted to escape. Anarchsate thus spreading north and into
other cities all ower the continent, wherever they think they
can carve niches for themselves

Alaska

While the stace'ssofcurban area isunder definite Cama-
la control, anarchs occasionally find it a haven during

+
thatany Kindred presence is haphazand at best, anarchs have
been known to come here for various purposes, meetings oF
Just ro get away from che constant war of unlife

The Midwest

‘All Camacilla-controlled, bur various anarch groups
(such as lugeler's anarchs in Chicago) threaten the power
structures in the larger cities. The vase tracts of suburbs
atound the Midwestern cities serve as havens
anarchs, but their netivity ts concentrated towar
ower in the cities.

The South

The Camarilla ts very strong in the South, A few anarch

nous often try ta incite toes, bt their power i wea: hove

long control by the Camarilla. The

ing influence in some areas and the

Setites conrrol sections of the Louisiana bayou, using mortal

ions to protect their holdings. The anauchs are
rumored to deal with these two factions at times

The East Coast

Alternately conteolled by the Camarilla and the Sabbat
with occasional anarch rebellion. Washington D.C. is the
centerof acold war between all three factions. All hee also
battle in Baltimore, though the Sabbat has gained the upper
hhand. "The Baltimore anurchs simply war more againet the
Black Hand than the Camarilla, The entire state of New
Jersey is a baetleground between the Ca he
encroaching Sabbut, who already ownsNew Yorkthe anarchs
et in everybody way

Canada

The Camarilla and Sabbat have turned |

ities into quiet barlesones, although the
rentsof anarch revlt, espe

narchs, white Britis Cola

for they were able to gain an es
cities. The anarchs have many Ret
Inchian-rights movements; the violence that
hhas been used by unaechs to try and stops Camara control

1 any
main

Mexico

Primarily controlledtyy the Sabkar, Mexico isnosteanger
to anarchyrelated revolts, The discontem of the mor
population of Mexico City has allowed the anatchs to g
many Retai and they may incite violence in the
funure.

South America

‘Avarcto have long held contro! of cermin mortal ants
‘American factions. As these factions gain power, s0 do the
anarcht. Panama is a site of current upheaval, with the
‘anarchs, Sabbat and Camrilla fighting it out through their
Retainers. tis much the same throughous the South Ameti-


‘cin continent. The Setites conerol wme areas, however, and
we these to foster their dn

Asia

‘American anarchs know little about these lands. Cer:
tainly if there yun oppressed Kindred population, there will,
be anarchs, although they may not call themselves by that
Kindred there prepaie co fight

asthe Britih pull out

While the Brojal controlled this country for decides,
snvarch found no haven in its borders ts rulers proved even,
nore intolerant of thase who fought for freedom, and needed
litteexcuise to destroy how they caw as oppoting their goaks,
wvlers disappeared, a number of anarchs
hoping to take advantage of the situation
we aio disappeared.

Europe

While there are various stall bands of anarchs in the

Old World, mostof the leading membersof these groups have
graced to A

fet "ownership" of the

there. The Camanlla haysuch a tight bold on its own realms
that the anarchs who do fight here tend to be especially
violent, seeiny no other way to wrest power. The Spanish
Franoo and his controllers. Since their defeat, the anarchacf
the Spanish revole have scattered over the gloke.

The British Isles

Belfase isa battleground between Ventrue and ansarchs
(Brujah, Gangrel and Malkavian), although many believe
the Tremere are usiny the situation asa distraction 1 hide
they Eniland. Livespool isa trong
haven for the Anarch Movement.

Aral

Except for the activities of a few powerful individuals,
there s no concerred Anarch Movement here. This atea is
the boand for the power games of other, more ani
Caines,

Africa

South Afriea is one of the major modem battlefields
hetween Brujah anarchs. (some who knew the glary of
Carthage) and the Camaritia. (European Ventroe sand

lins). Both sides we the violence of the moreal
population ro hide their attacks on each other: The anarchs
recently succeeded in destroying one of the most powerful
princes, and hes successor has made itclearthat he wishes to
he conciliatory. Both stdesure wasting toseeifan accord ean
be reached.

oven plans ebrcwlacie

ent,

The Anaich Cookbook

Australia

Perth, on the western coast, is much like Califonnia
owned and run by anarchs. The first Kindred to come t
Anstralia were mainly Brujal and Malkavians, but they
discovered some Gangrel who had arrived well before them.
Ventrue soon came to corwolidate the new land for the
‘Camarillo, but the anarchs who bad arrived first fought a long
anxthand battle ayainst central control. Currently, theC ana
rilla rms Sydney and Melbourne, with a few other cities
clained by Gangre! princes, The Outback is unclaimed,
although there ate rumors about strange. unheard-of vampire
clans roaming there. Most small cities in Australia are nin by
anarchs or Gangrel sympathetic to them.

Tasthania and New Zealand has
populations, bur thote that exist ate Ci
Gangre|, or the Toreador in Hobart),

Foreign Alliances

Anarchs of the past tended to be insular groups, cut off
from communication with anarchs elsewhere. This has ce
cently changed, thanks to new technologies of
‘communication, Besides making alliances with these in the
<loaext city, anarchs ate now allying with each othe: all wer
the world. These alliances ate part of the reason for the
anarch exodus to America. Many anacchs now have more

formation about the conditions overseas, and feel that a

Through overseas alliances, the anarchs have been able
to get a headstare on international concerns. Many of the
‘current worldwide militant environmental movements ate
aided by anarch Kindred, in attemprs to rainy Camara
(especially Ventruc) businesses

Information Networks

Making contacts overseu is not ensy. The character has
to know the individuals to whom abe wants to talk and how
togerin touch with them. Most Kindred are nor hited inthe
phone book, 50 a network of information has ta be started
between the character's coterie and others: Computer hulle:
tinboardsanebecoming increasingly popular this, especially
among anarchs, The princes of the Camarlla, being largely

rial lie, haw

ry small Kindred
vanilla (mainly

av fully wally tha eens evan
nication among anarchs. f they dd, it would sil take them
sone: tine to anders it flly

Because ofthis, manyanarch groups actossthe world are
oyinning to consolidate their interests, using computer
networks to hide behind facades such aspropramniers groups,
computer game gwoups, and of course, hacker' groups By
using anarch slang aver the hoards, ehey ean usually arract
ther anarchs, and dhercby cement allisnces.


Kindred
Opinions of the
Anarch Revolt

"Anarchs are the greatest threat to Kindred survival
ssoce the Inquisition. The snaxchs' general disregard for the
Maxjerade could ruin all our plans. The violenve of the
‘nconate anarchs could shake our world to such a degree that
the Antediluvians rise, bringing Final Death to all, young
and ld, in apo

—LeQuarte, Elder of Clan Tremere
ome Kindred beliewe the anarchs are a necessary
danger. They keep the prince busy and off the backs of his
subjects, even ifthey sometimes cause the prince to become
cvetly oppressive in retaliation, Many Kindred believe the
anatchs are necessary force of evolution, keeping the
-einces from becoming weak or complacent, eneuring that
fly the prince who can bold his kinudou from rebels can
seay in power. What do I believe? {believe nothing, I only
recite informacion,
—Llewellyn, Clan Nosferatu

Oh, yes, thoy are a dengorous gang of nufiane. They
ul nobility, and we can't
fave that now, can we? Ha, ha, ha! No, no, these thitya ie
all important, for without them, we would not have civilisa-
son And wiehout civilization, we would all be healthy and
happy and none of us would be mad, and we can't have that,
19, Ho, we can't have that at all."

—O Grady, Clan Malkavian

threaten the virtues of propriety

"They are snakes of a mist motley bie, but how sharp
heir fs and deadly their pom! adinit that | respect
them it times — at least, ab long as they stay fn their own
neighborhoods, and don't try co mingle with rheir betters. 1
tmcan, they ire barbarians, aren't they? Dirty, filthy, «n-
shaven barharians."
— hstinius. Clan Toreadoe
"Hein ... they have their uses. Theit inability to
tunderstand allegiances disturbs me. But ean fox that
—Jagal, Sabha
"They kine that our ew lie is for cur enjoyment, anit
thar the ways the world are just the tricks of mirrors!
your own illusions, I say!"
Bor, Clan Raynos
"They ate uticouth snd
world, Nothing grows overnight. Things take planning. and
there is supply ind demand to think of. Such a reckles
contempt fo the past ignores the learninygaf those who lived
it, learning which can greathy nid us today."
— Bricilla, Clan Giovanni
"They are pawns."
Ghede. Follower of Set
*My friend, Lara neutral in these things, {cite not who
does what or why. Ask not for answets ftom the universe or
others) for they can only come from within. From
— Ali Kary Assamite
"Hey, the anarchs rule! They are way cool, and they are
son tock thiscity down! Hell, yeah! I'm joinin' tomorrow,

— Todd, Caitff

ary



hapter- Three:

eapons for the
»,, Fight

Permanent revolt hy wsord of mouth. tx wmiting, by
dagger, the rifle, dynamite... Everythings goed fr us which fll

— Le Revolt, December 1880

Anarchs will we anything to fight the power: comput: The problem is, mortals in thiskind of conditional

», uns, bombs, televisionand, especially, theirown hands. emery. The prince has little cause to worry, 8

Nothing should he discarded in the fight, In che guerrilla the best protection from. ands of mal

battle for the city, even the city itself ean be a weapon tals, But these young Kindred who must eke det living. off

forcing them to deal with an unexpected

and inducing hunger and frenzy
thus spreads from Kindred to kineand ba.

Kin

know how to screw over the prince, bur they do not know Prince works to keep it that way. In such caves, the anarch
what to do then. They lack a pk wz control when © fight back with arban renewal. They can manipulate

1 have multiple options for

a hard cime preventing organized
crime areas. n this way, the anarchs can strike atthe prince

Urban Renewal

Many of the peince's plots reauice that his city by

ification of poor neighb

hoods is another
adby which theanarchscantuin the prince. By contro

ievement. In these cases, the worse the

roung couples "on the move"

wviccondition of thecity,cheeasieritisforthe princetofeed —fyoodls and te ys

we old houses. With them comes inereaed

freely oF to use violence ag
more cowed the inhabitants of the city a
which che Kindred can get away.

rut those who oppose him, The

1¢ more with

en up in the
e's exirainal i

¢ elte to make thelr deals


All this activiey may force che
tothe outskirts, where the anarchs are usually stror

anarchy should find it easy to disrupt the prince'
when it comes into their own home turf

By working with allies tn orher cities, the an

artract qutside business interests into the city. This will

creare a hoom in downtown office rexwvation, and ti

here will be nowhere Je

for the prince to conduct he

‘The problem with this tactic is that mortals will hecom
pander w control, The more freedom anal hope they have, th
harder they will be to herd, The increase of police protectior
will
the well
fey will find It enster ro seduce yup

arcer feeding, unless the anarchs can fit in with
coff mortals. In other words, if they look like yy

es, None

habits die hard, If the character hus worn his lenther jacket
and jackhoors since hefore the En
pare with them fora button-collar knit shart with a
11 the chest. Palice who catch the punk-dressed
bing into a window in the newly gentnfied neight

ce, he may notwantt

=
The Backyround
al Politics, Allies,
also helpful. Generally, 1

furbanre acteand Retainers are

law through the «
lation + Influence (dif
lines ft wat

PRO

ed by someone e
snake the sane

wins, Bureaucracy is a complementary Ability

Urban Decay

healthy places for the inertal populace, a
tal business, In this case,

should work to make the prince's city » living fel

and attracting seedy criminal interests, anarchs can tur the
kine. There will be an exodas

towards better climes, leaving only the

wand wretched
sts wil
aye frou

those who cannot leave. The prince's financial int

anatchs) hecame subject to bribery,
citizenry. This will make dein harder to coneroh

The problem with u
mortals can get mean un

an decay was luted above: the

d rocantrol, although t wll

easier to hide evidence of feeding, as tony as one does
mind leaving a few bodies behind. Weleome to the Bew

Incitherof these cases, theanarchs set themselves firm
hie prince and, depending on how
sn war may soc break outa the prin

desperately tries to sto heck his every move.


Computers

Neonate anarchs have one major advantage over the
elders thei youth, Most new vampires have grown up 3s
‘morsalsamanathe meteor rise afhish technology. and they
now how to use it. A prince Embraced duting the reign of
Henry V isnot goingto have an easy time understanding the
‘alae and se of computers: He will tend co rely on a
rraditicnul eanscf rae: the personal audience. But arvarchs
just call each other up on the phone or pout a message on the
bulletin board — all under the nose of the prance

‘The Players Guide lists come sample computers is the
-uipment wetion, and has rules for breaking into other
computer nystems and retrieving data. But anarchs not only
retrieve data cm these forays into the ino zone, they some-
times leave presents behind — in the form of viruses. Foethis,
many of them have developed skill in computer hacking.

Computer Hacking

The player mast have at Feast two dots in Computer
before purchasing this new Knowledge. Hacking allows the
computer user to break the rules. [ris noe a programmingskill
— that eequites the Computer Knewledge. Hacking repre-
sents an imaginative faculty above and beyond the use ofthe
programming codes. In the binary computer world of yes!no,
hacking represents the little bit of genius that says, "Well,
snaybe,"

When isHackingused atherthan the ComputerKnom!-
sige! When the mer isbreaking into ther computer systems
cot trying t manipulate data in "real time." The Computer
Ability is used for programming or other miscellaneous tasks,
Hacking is used most often as a complementary Ability ta
‘Computer, but it can aid programming by allowing the
character to work faster or to crack military codes that a
‘normal programmer would not even be able two figure out (see
Felon).

. Novice: You are a computer geek who:
knows few tricks, such as changing your
eras the university computer net
Practiced: You have great "luck in
guessing computer passwords,

Competent: You thought your electric bill
veas too high last month, but you ean fx
thu with afew keystrokes

Expert: Now that you have eracked the
bank codés, which it: Rio or Bermuda?
Master: The European Community was
pretty annoyed about thar chermonuclear

incident, but you know they can never
race it back wy

Possessed by: ier Geeks, CIA Operatives

Specialties: Viruses, Data Retrieval, Networking, Tele
‘communications

Viruses

A virus fs. a sifewate program designed to invade other
‘computers and perform n function thar is nor necessaily
desired by the user of that computer. Viruses range from
harmless jokes, such asa cartoon that pops up on the screen
wher least expected, to devastating invaders tharwipecnt all
stored dara or even damage the hardware itself A virus muve
be introduced into a system by "phys
‘through a contaminated disk,

Most computers have security provrants that detect rnd
neutralize a host of viruses, buta specially programed virus
can be made to overcome these security measures. The

sophistication of the security generally depends om the im>
portance of the data it protects. I 6 lt easier to design a
Vitus to wipe out tax files on the neighbor's personal com
puter than to change information in the CIA ‘smainframe in
Langley,

"The programmer need 0s one ts
"break in undetected (bypassinye the vecurity progrims) und
‘one ¢o program its task, Both rolls are made when the views
‘screated, The programmter'schance of contacting the tatget
computer system, and how lenis it takes, ate we por the rules
n The Players Guide.

Programming is an extended netion (Intelligence +
(Caamputer) itoften takes weeks to create the proper combi
sation of elements that will cme the computer to co what
the character wants it to, A maxirmum of five rolls can be
‘nude per program, Each roll usually takes eight hours, but
this can be adjusted by the Storyteller to an hour o even,
months, dependingon the progentn's complexicy

Hacking can be wed to decrease the time required. with
fone roll pet aspect of programming: security and task. Roll
Intelligence + Hacking (difficuley 8). One success allows x
toll every four hours (cutting the normal time sn half). Two
successes allow a roll every two hours. Three successes allow
a roll per hour, four successes allow a roll per half hour, and
five successes allow a roll every 10 minutes! (This can always
be overeat by the Storyteller.) Hacking can also te used to
reduce the time i¢ takes to crack (break into) a computer
ster

The Storyteller should make both rolls (security and
task) and keep the results ofthe tolls secret ftom the player
until the virus hay been let loose- Many programs aré created
well ahead ofthe time oftheir use, and the Storyteller should
keep a record of the progeam'ssuccestes for when the players
finally drop (t into. computer system. For this reson, the
players may want to test the virus on their own systerns fist.

the vin' chance to break i, its *"intsibity," the
Programmer tolls Intelligence + Computer agai
‘culty which depends on its destination. Stanxard

cantact, either
phone medetn of a ietwork,

aller create


Ihave difficulties of five osx (some PCs do not have security
protection at all), while the difficulties for mini-computers
we seven or eight. Mainfrarnes have a eight of nine, and
military or well-protected computersure difficulty 10ormore
(cis indeed posible for n computer to have an initial
dificult of greater than 10; fthe hacker cannot reduce the
Aificulty 10 10 orbelow with bisskillsand equipment, he has
nochance against the system). The difficulty can be lowered
ifthe programmer i familiar with the security system — for
‘cxample if he has broken in before,

The numberof successes required depends on the com
slexity of the security software: a PC may
succeses,a bank computer may nced six successes, while the
FBI'ycrimefiles may need eight successes. When the requited
number of successes (8 achieved, the viras can enter the
sistem and perform i task. Faihine means the wines ie not
strongenough to beat the security. A boteh ineuns that a clue
‘s left behind, allowing a competent user to trace the virus
back to it: originator,

Hacking isntecessary to reduce difficulty below 10. This
reaquiresthe hacker to makes separate oll hefore the creation
roll just to discover the louphuiles needed, For every success
{Intelligence + Hacking: difficulty 8), che dificley is low-
cred by ane: Until cho hacker ean reduce the difficulty to 10
corlower, he has no-chance of pognimmingan effective virus
The amount of time for each roll i the same as that for
cracking computer systems. The Hacking Ability can allow
the hacker ts be his own cracking software ihe i tying
break into a computer with » dfficuley over 10,

The programmer must aso rll to see how effective the
‘program is at its task. Viruses are designed to run on their
‘own, with po wid from the preimmune aad caus dey taawe
their own Dice Pools, The programmer rolls Incelligence +
Compoter (dificulry is the same as listed shove per com=
putes). The number of successes is the Dict! Pool of the vinis
No viruy tok cam have move than a 1O-dice Pool; no matter
|how lone the programmer spends creating ic (maximum of
five rolls), though a virus may have multiple Dice Pools —
cone for each task itartemapes.A botch duringany phase ofthe
Frogramming process erases all successes, forcing the pro:
grammer te start over.

Once into computer, the virus ean soll eacls rue
against the computer's difficulty. Each roll rakes wn hout:
‘Many viruses wali only run wher the computer ison; thus the
virus can only roll for every hour thar the computer bas
power.

When the required number of succestes forthe task is
ned, the desired effect is achieved. The number of

re thee

bea

soceeses required depends on the task. Transferring money
frou another's funds mighe require cight successes, erasing a
criminal record could require 20 succemes, andl initiating a
thermonucleat attack may take up t0 50 (multiple codes
rented before the final laurich exe). A hoeeh means that
the proyram triggered the security (even if t broke thromgh

already) and can be traced — tf che virus against the CIA,
better leave town quick!

A computer usr may at any time check her system for
vinuses or unusual activity (Perception + {Computer or Hack:
{ngh dfficlry 7). Three successes reveal a working virus. A
counterprogram must be created to defeat the vitus. A
counterprogran does not need a socurity rll, anly a aak rol
The peowrosm mnt eollace 4 amber of euccetses equal to the
virus' Dice Pool to destroy it the user has at leat one dot
in Hacking, she may roll Intelligence + Hocking ance pet
hour; the cumulative number of successes ispitted against the
virus! Dice Pool eo defuat it

Example: Trask wantsto create a virus which will cause
4 Noiferatn's computer to crash, losing all ts records. The
Storyteller determines that the Nosferatu' computer is PC
with a speeial security progenn snniing on (diliculy 8)
Truk's virus will need 10 suecestes to break the vecunty, and
20 crash the computer.

She spends time programming the virus, sith eight
hours required perro, Shealss has Hacking sill. Trask tries
to teduce the rime required by colling her Invelligence +
Hacking against 9 difficulty of eight, and scores three suc.
ceases. She can now roll ence per hour

Travk first designs the progam ability to break into the
tatget computer. She spends fourhours programming, allow:
Wt her four rolls. The Storyteller deems that she needs 10
successes against a difficulty of eight, and makes Trask' tolls
forher (so she doesn't know whether she succeed or not)
The Storyteller rolls total of 13 successes, and mikes a
record of it for when the program is wed later.

Trask then progratns the virut effectiveness at achiev
‘ng its task. Trask wants to reduce this time also, Sie polls
Intelligence + Hacking against « difficulty of eight: two
successes, She can tollevery wo hous Shespends one night
(eight hours) at tsfour rolls. The Srurytelleragain makes the
roll: 12 successes. The virus has a Dice Pool of 10. Even.
though Trask scored 12 successes, 10 isthe maximum Dice
Pool allowed for any virus.

‘Traskhassuccesslly created view in 12 hours but she
does not have time to test it fist, She uses a modem from a
hone booth and sends the virus onto the Nosferatu'scom-
puter. For every hour that the computer ison, the vinw rolls
{Odice ngainst the Storyteller determined diffieuls,
It the Nosteratu decides co check
activity at any time, he can roll his Perception + Computer
(or Hacking) ayainst aseven. Luckily, the Sterjtelleedeetdes
that the Nosferatu has no reason to nuspect anything out of
the ordinary. The Storyteller also fiures that the Nosferatu
wes his computer for about four hours per night, giving the
vinse four cols. He makes the rolls rolling 10sdice fou times:
5,64 and ? successes, The total of 22 successes heats the 20
required,

‘Midway though the fourth hou, the Nosferatu is stacled

to see his computer sereen go blank as all his files. and
‘programs erate themeolves in'n massive purge

48 The Anarch Cookbook



Martial Arts Styles

In The Pla

ers Guide, more detailed rl
mn, including the special mani

with particular weapons. Hete are rules fr use wit .
hereare variant specialty styles for use with the Brawl Talent
rnb as liste elow
e of fighting, when she teaches four levels i hee Br

Brawl Talene, she tells the S)
be Atkidoallowin
Throw Multiple Attackers (
skill to five,

teller thot her specialry wi
her to use the Aikide Special Maneuver

‘
punches and blocks).
thus the Special Maricuvers

in then declare another sryle, which s

an keep gaining new styles, ar
e styles, with ech add

tional level that she gains in Brawl

Block

to block instead of dodge. Hand
co-hand blocks may be made only agains fists, kicks or blunt
weapons. A Blocking action cant hock
baller, unt
dingo or, in the case of

he defender possesses 9 spec
nds, possesses the F
ine. Roll Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty ofthe
Peawl + 4oeMelee +4). Buery aces
number of attack meceses hy one

Karate

Originally 1 Japanese style of fighting. tt has
omense 5

forms, such as Shotokan, and offshoots, like Goju-Ryn, but
they are all aimed

arity in America. There are many different

doing great umounts of

‘rutin goal ito injure
kicks
Spe
The Karare practitioner is trained in focusing the
and force of ber blows inco «defined p
sgnighanasor feet. This ean he wsed in the Got
eld of Varmpire improvised stake or throw
rock. The practitioner adds three to her damage Dic

9 Leas hoth punches and

ial Maneuver: Break Object


perform thisddeed, but must prepare foran equivalent umber
of rounds to gain the bonus. Ifonty one round is spent, thea
ely one die ts xained,

Difficulty: 6, Damage: Special (Strength + 3)

Tae Kwon Do

Developed in Korea, dh art ke similar to Karate, hut
‘nphasizes kicks. Ir asiso become popuilarin America, and
finding a dojo is not hard.

‘Special Maneuver: Spinning Back Kick

Made famous by Chock Norris che martial arts spins
sound in a circle with incredible speed, delivering a blow

amazing force.

Difficuley: 7, Damage: Strength + 2

Aikido

‘A moder Japanese art of self-deferve, consideres to be
‘one of the most philosophical ofthe ures due to the spiritual
beliets of its founder, Morihei Ucshiba, The maneuvers,
rhea performed accurately, reseenble ballet steps. There are
nostrikesin Aikido (although there are in some ofits variant
forms, sich as CSon0 Shiowa's): the aim ito take the opp

to the ground or earch him in a wrist lock. Unlike Judo
satst rarely has to grapple the opponent co throw him; wrise
locks und leverage are used instead. Dodging is vital part of
Aikido, so any artist wil usually have a high ranking i tha
Talent als,

Wrist Locks Difficulty: 6, Damage: Brawl (instead of
Strength, otherwise as Grapple)

‘Special Maneuver: Throw Multiple Opponents

Using their oven momentusn aginst ther, alongwith
the special Aikido wrist grabs, che artist can throw multiple
attackers in the same turn. This maneuver requises the
foppamenteevattack the ret frat
ser. tioeanattack throw. The artis rollshis Dexterity + Brawl
sgainst 1 difficulty equal to (number of opponents + 4;
‘maximum 10). The Aikido practitioner's successes are com-
pared to those of each attacker. Ifthe defender scores more
sacceses, be wins and the attackers thrown, Ifthe attacker
scores more successes, he wins and can do damage as normal
Attic means the attacker is dislodged but not thrown,

For euamuple, Hama is charged by thecc tas wlio i:
toyinto grapple him. This isa difficulty of seven (three thugs
#4), He rolls and gots four suecesses, The attackers receive
three, four and two succemes respectively. The first andl the
lastare thrown, but the middle is merely dislodged, although
this means he cannot dio damayg this tur,

Judo

A Japanese style of self-defense wed for yraypling and
throwing an opponent. A successful grapple must be made, as
rerthe Vampire rules

self defense manen-

‘Once the Junko practitioner has taken her opponent
dovin through geappling, she can attempt to render bisn
unconscious through massive system shock, She tolls het
ws the opponent' Stamina + 3 (foe mortals
inchiding ghouls, werewolves and mummies) or Stamina +3
{for vampires) eves beeping track of
the humber of successes. This is in addition to the normal
Serength + Brawl rolls made while grappling. Once she has
beaten the apporent'sStamirw + 3,the opponent sinks into
wneomsciousness, and will stay swat 10 unimutes for every
success the Judoist receives aver the number requited.

Kung Fa

The fumows Chistese style of fighting, as exemplified by
Bruce Lee. There are actually many different styles: Crane
Style, Monkey Style and even Eagle Style. Space
prevent the listing of all the Special Mancuvets from the
various styles, so only a impling has been given. The player
must choose a particular style to got that styles maneuver.
Kung Fu specializes in elaborace punches and kicks, and is

ing te watel

‘Special Maneuver: Monkey Style

This form developed by imitating the antics of mons
keys. The" ‘ot practitioner of this style, often looks
likea fool ks cam be deceptive. The pr
‘setwally an expert at "faking" fumbles and nccide

ccuth, sing the fall
tw ilipunxler his oppemene and hi tener spot frm
below, This ssidirty way offighting, but what d
know of honor? The monkey rolls his Dex
(difficulty 8), the number of successes subtmets
difficulty to hit his opponent. The number of times the
monkey can make this roll and foot his opponent i upto the
Storyteller, but some combatants may catch on svn.

Wu Shu

Thus is the martial art ase im the Chinese Olympics
Some styles have developed more for show than actual we,
although the practitioner can sill got alony in u fight. For
those who have practiced mainly to impress cere is the
followine maneuver

Special Maneuver: Impressive Moves

The practitioner can perform feats of amacing agility oe

incredibly beauty, She rolls Manipulition + Braw, essted
by her opponent's Wits + Brawl (both difficulty 7), to stun.
her audience with her maves. The number of successes
achieved adds to the opponent's attack difficulty, ashe goes
con the defensive against what he thinks is an incredibly
Inapreseive martial syle.

Example: Wangdoessome particularly impressivemoves
before taking on Gregor, attempting to make herself look
tmore dangerous. She rolls her Manipulation + Brawl: four


his Wits + Braw! and scores three
by one, and this adds

to arrack Wang with any maneuver. ¢

liewes Wary to be a Kung Fu demon, and plans to tread
fully

This maneuver can be done only once per opponent per

Hsing-I
One ofthe Chinese Internal Arts, tepoweris based not
n strength but "chi, energy. The
styleare straightforward, but display a

incredible:
ion of force with minimal effort, much like a bullet leaving,
a rifle barre.

Special Maneuvers Cht Punch
Incredibly fase-and powerful blow

Damage: Strength + 1

PaKwa

of the Internal Arts, Pa Kwa is based on the
hexagrams of the I-Ching and ean get quite esoteric in its
Philosophy. It ix sometimes called Dragon style
Special Maneuver: Surprise Blow
ThePaKwaartist can deliverablow froman unexpected
direction by using incredible flexibility and a

Difficulty: 6

ring-coil

attack. Used with punches/kicks. Difficulty: 56, Damage
per regular punch or kick.

Tai Chi

A Chinese man

art that has become popular in
America as.a way of physical fitness. It was develop
Chinece Taoists, with the tw f andl Yang the
‘basis for many of its maneuvers. There are few kicks the wtyle

any involves pune

sand grabs

rush Hands

The Tat Chi practitioner can use an opponent's own
forceagainst himand push himo the prounud. Iriwadetensive
maneuver, and requires that the practitioner be attacked
first. It cannot be initiated on an opponent who is not

attacking, The arnst rolis his Lext
numberof successes heats the op

+ Brow
went', then the:

Wt the
her ow gth as damage! The
practitioner looks quite fluid during this, yielding and ben
ng ike water to lee the opponent fall pu

Forexample, Larsattacks Wanda, Wan
her Tai Chi to convince
rolls his attack and sco
Push Hands andl gets five

Di

hits the ground, takin

and dew

a decides to use
im of the error of his action, Lars
war nuccesses. Wand
esses — she wins, Lars goes
Strength) againse himself

culry:7, Damage: Special (opponent'sown Strength)


Boxing

A perennial American sport it ts very popular way of
fightung.Ieicnot for the weak, however. I-rligs on taking a
Jet of punishment, but aim at dishing i out to.

Special Maneuver: Roundhouse

A powerful Mow, delivered with all the strengeh and
power of the fighter, However cleaves the huxec wide open
fer 9 counterattack. The hope is chat the Roundhouse will
york so wel char there will be no councerattack. A Dodge
cannot be performed in the same turn as a Roundhouse,

Difficulty: 8, Damage: Strength + 5

Street Fighting

Thisuho substitutes for commando training, 16 the poal
Isto damage the opponent without worrying abou fur play.
‘The Special Maneuver here will not work against vampines,
ait relies on damaging vital organs, which no longer func-
tion in vampires. However, vampires who know thisstyle are
certainly fe 10 use this maneuver on mortals (Including
Lupines, ghouls and mummies)

Special Maneeer: Blow to Vitals

‘The fighter attempts to hit a vital orvan abd chs
permanently maith the target; examples of such strikes are
Kidney blows, punches to nerve points, and throat rps

Dafliculty: 8, Damage: Strength + 3

Aiming Blows

Sometimes a fighter will want to wim at 9 specific

Jocation on bis opponent's body. This is especially useful
against vamipites, as general damage does not tend to stop
them. Thegval, then, istobreak limbs,s0 theycannot beused
until some blood has been expended. In this way, vampire
boetlestsually end with one ofthe opponents unahle to walk:
dhe to broker legs ad 1058 of blood

Here iva lst of body partsand the difficulties requited to

hit them in combat, the damage required to render that par.

tionteand the effeee of such impairments, AL

listed (save decapitation) can be healed with

Blood Points, in which case the limb is filly restored, A.

vampire can successively have is hand broken many times
hat and repeatedly heal thera

‘The attacker must declare the location of his sinke

before rolling: fo successesare scored, then che blow missed
satinely.

Head — Difficulty: +3, Damage: A Wounded result
consciousness for a mortal, but a vampire (s only
ind cannot do anything that tum. A Crippled result

means the vampire is stunned until she successully rolls
Stamina (difficulty 8), Incsparitated! means the vampire's
neck is broken and she is paralyzed until she ear spend
‘enough Blood Points ts restore herself to thee Crippled loved
Ir che weapon is sharp and the damage is one more dan
required! «0 bring the vampire to lncapacieated, then the
vampire n decapitated — the Final Death

Jy weap itt
hand cannot be used: swords are deopped, the fingers will not
beable to pull the trigger on a pistol, etc. W the weapon used
‘issharp, a Crippled result means the limb is sheared off To
teatuich, the limb must be recovered and held to the wound

while the vampire spends enough Blood Points t restore
himself to at least Mautled fevel. The lim cannot be wed
tmnt fully heal (rear asifit hastaken aguravaced damage)

Legs — Difficuly: +1, Damage: A Wounded realt
‘means the limb isbroken:the penalties tothe Dice Poot agaly
toany activities requiring running, An Ineapacitated result
‘wich asharp weapon means the limb ixcut off, withthe sume
results as evering a hand o¢ arm

Chest/Torsa — Difficulty: +1, Damage: An Incapri
tared result means shock: the vampire has remsonuily Jos
conttol of his blood, He must roll Stamina + Fortitude
(difficulty = total lost Health Levels + 2) to sian control,
spending a full urn to try. He eannot spend Blood
Lumtil he does this. A mortal will have the ait knocked
his lungsona Wounded result (stunned forthe turn), and his
ribs broken on a Maule result (none of these results bother
a vampire) Ifthe vampire attacked from hebind, and the
resul sone more than needed to Incapacitate then the spine
és broken, sna he iy paralyzed neil he can spend sufficient
Blood Points co restore himn to the Cripps! level

Vampire Fighting Tactics

Kiridred who engage in hand-to-hand combat have had
todevelop new tactics when fightin other vampires. Kidney
blow ind throat punches do not affect Kinxired the way they
‘woulda mormal, Except for the heart, vampires do not have
‘ny tender points: Thus, the attacker must do a» much
damage as possible to select locations, trying to impuir a
‘vampire' ability 6 use weapons by heeaking his hands, or
keep him from running away by breaking his legs. This forces
the injured varnpire to spend massive amounts of Blood
Pointstoheal broken limba inorder tobe effective i comba.

(One useful method is to throw an opponent to the
‘round and immobilize him. A diabolist can easily drink rom
tan immobilized vampire. However, this may facilitate 4
feeray on both sides,

Most effective methods involve damaging functional
‘organs like the eyes. The dificulry for chs attack isa 10, hue
two Health Levels of damage will blind the vampire until he
can spend two Blood Points ta heal them, A blinded fighter
must rollagansta 10 difficulty tohit anything not ditectly in

vaunpite has Auspex, he can roll Wits
+ Alertness (difficulty 8), using bis heating to find his range
‘Any successes on that roll subtract from the 10 dificulty ea
hit, Example: Bors & blinded by having his eyes gouged out
witha fire poker. He swings the next tum at his attacker, He
has Auspex, sohe rolls Wits + Alermess: three successes, His
final difficulty o hit isthus (10-3) seven. Thisearnoe rake

Charest Theass Waannne forthe Rinks 5%


lic

hear
bin
He
bli,
De

a

ive
difficul
The opponent
wing ral
J vampite

ng Bors, tie
ity + Stealth

a punch will hav

he
again (unless iris ranged
als. Beainple

doth dark" for the blinded player ne
wil be hie front: In this case, the p
eof ittng, butte Storyteller should hive

be

declare
id, The
hi
him roll
fonge

By Claw and Fang: Gangrel Fighting

The Gangre as developed an especially na
It remains a clan secret, but some anarchs hav

I requires the ability to grow clays (Pron
soonly those anazchs with thut power ean use i

wccurmalates 10

This training is usually done
verity
he
lack ubys

Jesite for eo

The Rend

ne of his specialtie
thewild, practicing with
uman subjects, the p

y 9). If he fi

Ifthe training is perform
st rol hs Ce
ne: Humanity point

(aii
descending deeper int

Special G

is ¢pponent to
Jone more blood than usual hy raking him in blaod-bearing

tis boxy. Van

transfer blood, a myste
prevalent. However

where quantities of bh

neck (when


fics joray in a hinge chunk, using a hook action with their
claw This tears the vampire open, spewing blood in such
gout shat the victim cannot immediately stop is loss.

‘The vampire rolls Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 8); in
dition co normal claw damage, his opponent loses a Blood
Point. Needless to say, this is devastating toa mortal, and a
veasic of good vite as well

Weapons
Guns

Weapens are tooks of ill omen.
1, The Avt of War

firepower isloved by most anarchs, Ir may take
lor pf bullets to take an elder down, bur the anarchs love
delivering them, Automatic weapons ate a standard anarch
sidearm.

‘The Storyteller should check the gun laws forthe eity in
whic his story is see (or make them up i the Gothic-Punk
‘world differs from the real). In seme areasy guns can be
porchased with no waiting period. while other areas may
tequirea record check, soven day waitingperiod and proof of
resikleacy. Automatic weapons, oreven militaryassiultweap~
ons: may notbeavailable tall. All oftbisisimportantin case
the anagcheare rounded up by the police: they donot have
licenses tor thei guns, they are certain to be booked.

Becaute of the tough Laws on gunpowder, most anarchs
shop the black market. Contacts in the lack marker world
of weaporty are considered vital to most. In almaxt every
anarch enclave, at least one member will know how to get in
touch with che Black market. A Wits + Streetwise roll must
be made to acquite (ems (see The Players Guide, Chapter
Six). Ifthe black marketoer is a Comact o¢ Ally, ie will be
‘auch easiet- Ln fact, some cittes' black marketsmay be run by
anarchs. Caintrolover thisilleyal traffic isnecessary forthem,
‘not only to buy their own weapons, but to provide them for
the mortal revolutionary factions they sometimes sponsor.
Besides illegal guns, the anarchs wwe many other felonious
items, from bombs to poison.

Things That Go
Boom in the
Night: Bombs

—Sun

leis practically a hallowed stereotype to place a borab in
the hands of an anarchist. The anarch vampires, like their
‘mortal counterparts (und sometimes partners), have many
ses for explosive and incendiary substances. The Players

Guide gives. shor Hist of the most common types ofexplo-
sives, but there are many vo evpounas that can be
made at home, us tials from the local grocery sore
‘The Storyteller should either research the local laws
‘concerning explosives c make them up. While the indi
vidual materials making up a homemade bomb are usually
‘quite legal, when assembled into ty lethal fort, is possession
may be considered a felony. Anyone caught with wach a
device may not only be charged with possession of un ileal
‘and dangerous substance, but
revolutionary or vanda
bombs are popular among
rarely be eraced back i
The simplest

ko with intent to perform a
act. Nonetheless, homemade

hs, as their
e same way that C-4 purchasescan,
ncenuliary device, readily assembles! in
during riots, iris. bocce filled with yowolite and oll A rags
snuffed down the neck of the bottle; dhe rag i it just before
being thrown at ws target. When the batele breaks on ny
the fhimes nite the speaving gas and — boom! The th
rolls Dexterity + Athletics (or Throwit
brased on where itis lobbed. A storefront (roa actoss the
street) iva three. A moving police riot vehicle isu
resisting Molotov
wound (onily part of the body i affected). The flames will
continue burning for three turns or until the character

Creating one's own explosives requires Demoliticns
Ability. The creation isan extended action, requir
thumber of successes before the explosive i assembled in its
final form. The bomb makerrolls Intelligence + Demolitions
(dificult deperidson the mstablity ofthesubstances nitro
dycerine 9, black and blast powder 7, plastique 4). The
ramberafsucceswerneeded depends
explosive, A failure on the toil oak
was semble incorrectly and will nat explode when set of

Be careful — a borch at any tin
action means that the explosive goes off, and the character
takes full damage. If there tsa gas main nearby, the whole
block may go up — triple the darnage forall on the block

ost mortals will not survive this, and it 1s cons
aggravated damage for vampires, so they may not crawl out of
the bury basetert eter

Explosives usually require n blasting eap se of bn ie
Fuses come irr many different forms, bur the most popula
8 military timed fuse. This has a steady enough bum to
regulate the time it takes to explode by the lent of fie
Thete are macy other methods of setting off bombs —

the complexity ofthe

5 that the explosive

during the extended

electronic, chemical, mechanical, presure und motion
The main danger of bomb use ithe risk Counlife, but

the risk to the Masquerade, Itis very hard to cover upa bomb,

Explosions bring the police, and ifthey bel

involved, they bring the FBI, and if they find enough evi

dence of Kindred involvement, the Special Afia

Chonda Theat Wasninne forthe Rishe 66


stay step in —and then the character has hunters on his tail,
‘Abo, Justicars re unfongiviny, about bomb use. Even ifthe
anarchs have managed to keep the war between themselves
snl the prince. »rchans will rush tathe scene ance the bombs
blow. Soon after. a Justicar will arrive to clean up the
sitwation himsell, When planting bombs, anarchs should
employ morrals xs fall guys to keep the teal authorities from,
becoming involved

Making Dynamite

Thisrequiresfivesuccessesperstick and includes insert-
ing the fuse Since the niteo iazelatively stable in its charcoal
forin, the dificuley s only five. However, ifthe dynamite is
oldand sweaty (crystals on the outside), the difficulty rites t
ight of nine, depending on just how sweaty itis. The film
Soncoer (with Roy Scheider, disected by William Freidin)
(vagood example of how seary working withsweary dynamite
can be — especially transporting it A stick of dyraamite bias
2 Blast Power of three.

Blast Powder Bombs

ane relatively easy to get in quantity they
are sold for home-loading ammunition, The bombanaker
needstn define ncontainer anid methead of ett
often, st sumply power packed into plastic milk eartan or
armiy water bottle with a fulminating fuse. The number of
successes needed is only three, The average poundage isane
to two. Black powder has a Blot Power of one per poured,
‘while blasting powder hus two rating per pounel

An added! attraction could be stuffing the eartor with
railsor wood splinters, Thiswilladdan extra threedice tothe
datnaye Pook, dropping one die for every yard away from the
senter of the explosion

Both the Scoryteller and the players are advised 10
research thivarea ifthe story involves bomb throwing. There
‘64 lot of literature on the market shout explosive materials,
hurt it can be hard to find in conventional bookstores of
libvaries. Also, ordering them by mai, although the enstest
way, may get the player ona list, Goveraments tend t0
compile information on those who sre interested in violent
means, even if the interest is putely academic.

Traps

Setting tmps isa necessary art forthe nnarch, to keep our
the prowling diabolist or Lupine. One

variety of traps at home to ensure that any intruders leave
wounded, fthey leaveatall, Pits with pungi sakes (woolen,
«of couree) are popular for those who live in eaves, though
these can be arminged in the backyard ale

Hiding cha trap requires roll of itelligence + Traps
the difficulty depends on the complexity or sizeof the trap.
The pungistakesrequiredigsingapicand then hiding the pit,
sch achy scattering laws wera net. This would be aveven

‘The ‘Auaeh CovkLuok

difficulty. The trapper can reduce the diffleulty by ont pet
hour spent, up to a maximum of his Traps Ability, The
number of successes s opposed by an intruder's Perception +
Scan or Alertness (dificulty 8). Ifthe intruder i actively
searching for traps, he car roll Perception + Traps (difficulty
6), opposed by the trapper's successes.

For yeapons meant to fie when taps have been ripped,
thecharucter must roll Intelligence * the particular weapon
skill (Crossbow for crosbows, Fireansas for guns, etc), The

ficulty depends on the nature of the setup. A shotgun set
to fire when a door is opened has » good chance of hitting
smyone in the door dic to ts wide spray of pelts. To dls case
the Storyteller deems the difficulty tobe five. Botan axce that
isset to swing down on someone's head is only aimed for one
part ofthe intruder. The Storyteller deems this to be an eight
dificuley: Againat an opponeaa wlio is ol (does tt
suspect a trap), however, the difficulty drops hy three. The
taps Dice Pool is rolled when the trap has been mggered.

Example: Johann sets up a crossbow (woolen bolt and
silveripped) with a txpwire in his bse eyand (the most likely
attack entry, he figures). He hides the erosbow in a neatby
shrubs, hut has to clear away some of the shrub to avoid
blocking the bolt's path. He stretches clear monofilament
across the fawn; one end ts attached ¢o the trigger of the
crossbow, while the other end is ted to another shrub. The
Storyreller deems that the difficulty of hiding chis contrape
tion is only six, Jobann rolls his Intelligence + Teaps and
scores three successes. The Storyteller deciles that the
crosbaw's attack difficulty is a seven, since it is lined up
directly with the monofilament.

Laver, Golvagh the Garou slips into the
in fullewal! form, Hie has sniffed out che vampire' lair and is
closing in for the kill, He does not spend time looking for
‘raps, but strides on in. He rolls Perception + Alertness and
‘gets two successes (bud night!), and 40 docs not notice the
monofilament line as he tips it. Johann then rolls his
Intelligence + Crosshow against a four (Gotvaph is uns
pecting, so the difficulty is lowered by three). He gets six
successes! Golvagh hears a loud *thung!" to his Jeft and a
silverboleimbeds ise inisthigh. Herumshowling fromthe
yard.

Poisons

Werecognlzeno other activi but the workojeterminaton,
fut we admut that the forms a which this activity will show itself
‘will be extremely waried — poisons, the knife, the etc, In this
struggle, revolution sanctifies everything alike.

— Bakunin and Nechaev, "Revolutionary Catechism"

Using chemical substances in the war against the elders
isanotherfavorice tactic ofanarchs. The Players Guide yives
® good list of chemicals that will affect the Kindred: A
vampire needs the Secondary Knowledge Ability of Toxicol:
‘fy to create and work with poisons. Depending on what is
being made, complementary Abilities can be Herbalism,




‘enc Health Level of damage i enough). Five dice ae rolled
seainst the victim's Stamina + 3. Each mura thereafter,
another roll is made, until 15 successes have been achieved.
At that point, the varnpire enters torpor due tothe ceagula=
thon of the blood ia his brain. Each success achieved also
redces the Blood! Pool, effectively "freezing" that nurnber of
Blood Pointsso they cannor be used. [the roll ever horches,
the pois procetit no further, though the coagulated blocd
cannot be used ot replaced except through the normal
nightly expenditure of ane Blood Point

‘Antidote: The vite from vampire of a lower genera-
tion than the victim will purge the poison, A number of
Blood Points equal to the poison's number of successes 18
required. Also, the thin! level of the Thaumaturgy Disc
pline, Blood of Potency, can allow the vietim to purge the
‘poson without spending Blood Points. Another option |
spend all Blood Points, dispersing the poisons this must be
done before the fitst onset of symptoms, for even one success
will "foeze 1 Blood Point, in which ease nor all the Blood
Points can be spent.

Drinking the Blood: Full effects, eginning in one tur
stor drinking, above. This poison will kill mortals, as each
success inflicts one Health Level of damage,

History: Developed by an Iralian Brujah rumored to be
oneofthe Meshes. Iwas sea! tkill princes in Europe
the early days of the Masquerade, bat sts very rare now:
Making it requiteea divtllation pecenss involving the blood
of ap elder in torpor. The trouble lies in finding an eld ir
‘por, and hen getting the vita;needlessto say, thisisa rare
pot.

Media

The prass — they naver even cared
Why a youth leader walled into a speeding cor,
In ten years 0 we'll eak the truth
But by then it's omy so much paper
Dead Kennedys, "l Am the Owl"
Mass communication s increasingly becominga favored

weapon in the Anarch Movement. Anarchs everywhere are
sing tha sadia no sexe over thai enomint Neon
embraced within the last 20 years usually have a better
understanding of the power of the media, especially televi-
sion, than amy previous vampire generation. The kanguae of
fil iexecond ature to the youth of today

‘The background Fame is useful here. The higher the
Fame, the eaier it is to release a film, video or book that
threatens the prince or the Masquerade. Roll Manipulation
* Fame (di
anyone's attempt ut a coverup.

Most often, it rakes a cll of Manipulation + Influence

(difficulty 8) to stop the presies, as well as an Ally, Retainer
‘or Gonace om the inside (such asa publishimgexecutive) co

ty 6). The number of successes opposes

do it quietly.
Example: Leona has becomie someivhat famous trom het
appearances in hot Hollywood blockbusters, giving het a
Fame of 3, Her forest film is about vampires, an actually bas
some scenes pulled from) Leona's unlife. Justicar Pettasdon
wishes to stop the telease of thu film, First, Leona rolls het
Manipulation + Fame (difficulty 6), scoring three successes
Petrodon then needs to rolls his Manipulation + Influence to
stop itsrelesae. Petrodon conctoly one of the big execs at the
studio, so the Storyteller allows him a chance. He rolls
successes. After comparing with Leona, he histwomore thane
necessary. The stuilio exec, citing "questionable audience
desirability for a horror film," pulls the release ofthe movie.
Leona can tll try for home video or television
"Thiscan be utcempted with every diferent mediim, and
each artempe is rolled separately, But, as inthe example
above, Petrodon had two extra suceesses, He gets tondd these
toLeona'sdifficultynumberifshe tnestoget the same project
ft another medium, such as home video, Thus, Leona'
difficulty would be eight. The maximum dificulty ta 10.

The Cinema

Film 1s considered the art form of the 2¢th century,
although most ofthe art screated only in Europe, American
films aim to make money, rately (0 deliver ary vesthetic
experience, Bur acoreof independent filmmakers iy America
ate taking the workt by storm, delivery impoctant messages
in a medium strangled by monetary consideration. tn the
Gothic-Punk world of Vampire, Hollywood isa hoe battle
round for the Kidred.

‘The Camarilla fs strong in Hollywood, but its hkl hes
been seriously ceatened by the Anatch Movementand the
formation of the Anarch Free States. The anarch Brujah
have recently taken a strong interest i the movies: Nonethe:
Jess, the Venerue clan hs large amount of eontrLover the
firancial end of moviemaking, as shown by the blandnes
prevalent in Hollywood.

From their base
creators and

Hifornia, the Brajah control the
ye unions of Hollywood. This way, th

films thar greatly anger the
ardlesso th

ofthe Ventrue, the anarehs have still been able
films distributed and rele

Television

The video airwaves ate te
sills, thanks eo early wamsper

iyeonteo}

get these

contrelhes by the Cama
ration of the network. Ie
is very hard ¢o say how many of the thousands of stations
being piped over cable sre ultimately eur by vampires, In
maaty cae, harwever, the Kienlieal could gain mo conte
the ride tothe Masquerade was too great. Thus, many star
are well within the hands of their mortal owners.

There have been cases where a news beoadcast reveals
dangerous information about vampiees, but when the few

(Chanter Three: Weanons for the Fisht $9.


‘Viewers who caught the first report tune us to hear more, the
incident is mysteriously dropped. Justicarsand archons keep
a tight watch over the national and local news broadcasts,
and they work to cover up any leaks. Their Disciplines have
put an, end to many rumors initially broadcast over dhe
airwaves

Despite all this, anarchs who hope todelivermessages
the prince sometimes use television. Hf shey plan a hit on a
group of his Retainers they often tape the incident and tend
himacopy. Toanger him even more, they may send it to the
focal news for broadcast.

As the Rodney King beating showed, she power of a
vdeo camera to reveal oppression is incredible. Videophile
anarchs roam the night with cameras to catch other Kindred
doing things they are not supposed ta. They can then bribe
the unfortunate Lick caught on camera,orebacachd acopy to
the prince,

Print

Books and magazines ate the most prevalent form of
{information texay. Books also last forever (or at Jeast for a
very long ime). There have been many casesin the annals of
Inverature where the secretsof the Masquerade were revealed,
inva fictional context. For the most parr, these were plots by
the Camarifla to holster humanity's belief in che absurdity of
vampires, But there have been a few cases where some
Cainite malcontents wok a swipe at rhedt enemies thtough
print. These have been covered up over the yeurs by the
Camanlla, and most of these revealing books are well out of
print and gone from the memory of musetals.

For the anarchs, however. print ws still a pe
for voicing their discontent.
jonymsand published articles or columns in some of the mone
popular counterculture magasines: Sofa, the Camarilla has
no¢noticedthesemagszines. stheiraudiencecnsiceemainly
of rebellious mortals who would aot likely be believed ifthey
really discovered « vampiric secret anyway. But as more and
more anazchs secretly write vampire fiction, the Jasticaes
become more worried about the print matket, and increas
Angly seek to clamp down on and control the elease of
fantastic fiction.

Newspapers are also employed by anarchs. Many ine
trop merralrepomens sealing Palitsaslswre Cound hwmnealvec
approached by strange figures, hidden in shadow and speak
ing with deep volces. These figures give them clues to i vast
conspiracy among city or government officials; when the
story hita the headlines, the guiley parties scurry t find alibis.
Jn this way, anarchs like to use mortal reporters, not as
Retainer, but as sources with whom they can drop hints
about shady dealings among other mortals, most often mor-
tale in the employ of the prince, The intrepid gumskoe
reporters of America's dailies are hanes to neatly every
prince. The princes ate hesitant to we there mortals them-
selves, for fear of breaking the Masquerade, but the anarchs

vid' mich alee time

The Anarch Cookbook

However, many of the oldest newspapers ace tightly
controlled by puppeteditars dancing to the strings of the
Comanila. Any references that risk the Masquerade get cut
before presstime. and the reporters are usually fred. In these
ccases;anarchs whonced togetastoryrunhave rorelyon thei
Disciplines to hale the editors scissors, often by Dominating
them and gerting the presses to run before their Kindred
masters can unde the command

‘There is a danger for both parties who attempt to
‘manipulate the mortal institutions of information, whether
cinema, television, print or newspapers, These places are
prime breeding grounds for the vampire hunter. An inca:
tious coverup of some news item may lead « reporter to
investigate, suspecting govemmentintervention only to find
the astonishing truth of vampiric manipulation. This may
takindles reporters eruiade todeliver the truth to the public
and endanger vampires everywhere

Rituals

{in the dack Gothic-Punk world of Vampire, the super-
‘natural powvers ofthe occule are ar the beck and call af even,
the unarchs. While Thaumaturgy i rare among them, some
‘have endeavored to learn its secrets in thelr search fr new
tactics to use against their enemies.

There are rare caves of anarchs who have achieved
mastery over the ritual methods of magic, and they have
handed down a lesacy of ritual spells for theit evbelliows
comrades to use, Many of these came from callaborations
with the Raynos, for the anarchs like illusions.

The Storyteller should create hisowe: new titual forthe
anatohs, hur keep in mind that Thausmaturgy is not widely
practiced bythese youngrebels. Even those who do use magic
‘often rely on stealing their ritual knowledge from thers
Creating a citual is a very hard tsk, requiring a lot of power
and creativity, The anarshs poses: the lattee in spades, but
the former can take time to gaia — time which they do net
often have

Counting Coup (Level One Ritual)

This ritual allows the coser to leave a "prerecorded"
message atthe scene of her crime, for the eyes of the pri
otis brood only. Thisisoften done to tell the prince exact
she mained his building oe deseroyed his theatre. le will only
activate when the prince orhis brood entersthe site, andonly
they willperceiveit. The easter wllsher Wits + Inrimidation,
(difficulty 8), The designated viewer(s) must be Kindred, and
casting the rioual takes 15 minutes and a piece of chalk.
One success allows a visual message, such as symbol or
tcon that floats before the prince's face. Two successes add a
boief auditory message, such as a laugh or statement of the
Anasch Manifesto. Tluce successes allow movicys pictures.

Four successes allow the creation of multiple images and
sounds, Five successes allow the images to be touched,


although they can came no damage. After the message i
delivered, all traces of the ritual disappear and no magical
ethos can be used to track the caster

Frample: Gibwm and her gang have just trashed the
Empite Theatre for the fun of it. It is the prince's favorite
theatre and they do not want to leave without dropping &
calling cand. Gibson decides to leave a ritual message tht
enly the prince's men will hear. Shecasssherspell,tollingher
‘Wits + Intimidation against an eight. She scores two auc
essen, When the prince arrives to survey the dana to is
precious theatre, he is suddenly surprised by « glowing

ison ... tht anarch seum!*

Detect Authority (Level Two Ritual)

‘This is 9 resting rinial, wivally performest on new ries
nate members to make yure they are not working for the
srince. The caster euty his palm, ancl does the same ro the
Young neanate. They then elnap Funds, mixing their blood
or any mystical sig of the prince's blood or power, He rolls
Perception + intimidation (dificulty of the neomate's Will-
power), Any wxcesses reveal ifthe neonate ts Blond Bound
Stunder the contrel of ¥en
vill ually refuse to uccepe anyone}

"« Discipline. The anare
fests pesitive to this

ritual, unless she fas chan goed explanation,

The Framing (Level Three

wal)
This ritual allows an anatch to "ame" another for his
own actions. It requires possesion af some object belonging,
tothat person, of even betrer, some of the viet vitae. The
2 performed before enacting the decd for which the
‘arg wll he Maine. The caster rolls Appearance + Subter
fige (difficulty 8). Kf successful, the spellcaster ean then
perform the deed, and anyone who witneses him will mis
‘take him for hin spell's target. One success is visual only.
Three successes enable the caster to sound like the carger.
Five success and the ritual works upon all senses eve
Auspex cannot detect that « spell has heen cast. Thi wal
last cays loncenie ales Seas te eta
Ban es plans to break irito the prince's favorite
peen declared wf limits to
‘another for his action.
ner ace ackex waly

o, he decides
Gregor, x Matkavum. Earlier, f
wotn by Gregor, just in case he wanted to cast this ieaal, He
ses it now, to focus the rirual on Gregor. He rolls his

Appearance + Subterfuge and gets three successes. Now,
anyone who sees anki hears him will think that he ts Oreyor.

Anti-Rituals

Mon annie dindana Knowledge of Thownanny,
seeing itava blatant attempt bs dhe fascist Tremere an
their boungois allies to turn mysticism into neil,
Lnereatiyearsenolcfdestruction. Instead, these counter
Thaumarurgsts have developed the anti-titualy, They
designed these mysterious ceremonies to blunt the
Tremere'y might — by leaving them ro0 boxed and
befukiled co act, These anti-te been collected
the scesedy. pevaltan sf
Discordian Regurgitals by Omar Khayan Raveaburs,
thought by many to be both an anarch
(and anti-ancianarch). The fol
thae Stygian rome.

Miraculous Mojo

to 1968, students and workers in
and nearly toppled the government,

Although the age of miracles has kang since passed,
‘occasionally samebody somewhere snaps out of histra:

red obedience and compulsive junk consumption, if
‘only temporarily. Such a rare event, called a revatio,
4 considered genuine and authentic miracle upon
investigation and certification by the Legion of Dy
naimic Diseord and our Bull Coexe of Linabe

Our esearch has determined thar the 1968 student)
worker revolt was caused by a powerful magician in
Fatima who accomplished this wonder by boiling bat
wings in holy water from Lourdes, and intoniny a secret
incantation we can only reveal here with one esent
word omicted

"Two, four, six

Organize to smash the ste!"

After chantiny that mantra 23 times, our mystert
ons wizand drank his bat soup and flew to Paris cna
broomstick, whereupon he took passession af Daniel
Marxian terms) the public results of his arcane work

Uniortunately, the French Communist Pasty te:
spirds magic an a decadent hones science, 1 (on
behalf of workers and peavants everywhere) it aborted
this miracle by taking it over and surrendering power
back to French President DeGaulle

exceept from



Chapter Four: ~
War! |»

Lo} thy dread empire Chic
Light dies before th

Thy hand, great Arcrch! le
Au universal darkness bei
— Alexander Py

in weed

"The Dunciad"

Streets of Fire on Nema riecrestte

the story. They should complement it. Tactics ean be part af
dhe mood, but down-arid-dirty roleplayung should be thee

Tempers flare anil eventually somebody pushes things

tween antes

they Maps

‘war crupts. The gucrilia fighting
soften deadly, but isan

fin: in open and prolonged conflict. No Kindeed is ne iser J to get a copy of the mop
take te best to disippear, while the streets nin wed tay delinente the territories und strong of the
red with rivers of blood, but their flight is often fond wall, eneny, The prince's "allie," w

The Anazch Wae is revolution for all

te he will gathe

The Tactical City a Reeve kesvessnt

¢ Storyteller's person:

city. [tis the Storyteller'sjob ro play one ofthe factionsinthe maps should only represent th
ity's anarchs against the prince, with the them inon many secrets. Even t
«city from the rebel upsearts know everythin x
(and to add drama), the Storyteller needs to know the array Using maps, both faction ke bs point
che enemy for,ood? Who areityAllics and Retainers in the other Je. The Electronics Ability may be


Retainers and Allies at
mmmand. Most often, the war js ict

ally begun by

f what is really going on. Tn the paste atarchs han
heir wars under the cave

pcest and race ri

is most Valuablea
wil

War and Troupe Play
th

Retainers whorn they wish to
nto h

look into themselves. F

«tions? He can. choose f

torvteller resolve
‘Warland and the Tac

The Warband

Warband method, players roleph
This can be a refreshing change

cop
selves. Players can h

¢ Storyteller should n


Pethaps the kine do not know thar they are puppets ina
‘sampire war —burthey find putreal quick when the prince's
trond show up ta wipe thea over the pavernent,

The Storyteller should not be afraid to le these sideline
chapters rack up alot of casualties. Ifthe Retainers or Allies
wind up mauled or dead on a mission for the characters, the
charactors should all Humanity to see if chey-eufer remorse
for their callous miswe of othe.

‘When running warbond chapters, the Storyteller should
remember that they ate simply chapters ror the whole star.
The action should always return to the primary characters.
Warband chapters should be fast and quick, run at » break-
neck pace — it's war out chere! The warband should not get
the chance to make elsborate plans or extended zctions —

The Tactical Method

The nther option for running Retainers is the Tactical
Method. Thisis for times when the Storytellerdoes ct want
to "cut away" from the main action to sun warbands. This
method involves creating simple "character sheets" forthe
sroups thar the players (and the prince) use aginst each,
other in the war.

‘Groupshave much the same statistiesthat charactersdo:
‘ames, Natures, Demieanors, Virtues, Abilities and Back-
around Instead ofthe fll range of Attributes, groups have
Physical, Soctal and Mental stats. They also do not have
Willpower oe Humanity. Groupsare ranked by who controls
them and their war equipment. Each group involved in the
var should bewritten upby the Storyteller. Actions can then
be resolved between these groups with simple dice tolls, and
the results introduced ay background information

Certain equipment can add to a» group's attack Dice
Pool. Pistols add one die, rifles add two, and shotguns and

ibmachine guns add three. Knives add ane die to a Melee
Dice Pool, while sors add two. Brass knuckles add ane te
a Brawl Dice Pool

The results of combat between groupy still require Sto-
sytellerintesprecarion. The ouscome is determined by a set
number of sacceses that need to be achieved by one of the
sroups. Whichever group fit achieves that many successes
‘wins. [tis unto the Storytellersointerprer how they win, The
police will rarely shooe to kill; if they win, they will have
successflly subdued and arrested the group. A terrorist
organization, howeves, aay be more ruthless. In thiscae, the
Storyteller can decide thar ench success kills one member of
the opposing group. This way, they can loge the fighcand stil
case casualties,

Example: The River City Police Force (Uniformed OF
ficers). This representathe average group of uniformed police
in the city. Number: 3-10 (raise stars if more than 10).
‘Nature: Judge, Demeanor: Caretaker, Attributes: Physical 3,
Social 3, Mental 2, Virmues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3,
Conrage 5, Abilities: Brawl 3 Intimidation 3, Leadership 3,
Streerwise 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 3,

Investigation 2, Law 2, Area Knowledge 3. Backgrounds:
Allies 4, Contacts 3, Influence 3, Resources 2. Contes
Prince Ludwig. Equipment; 38Revolvers, Shotguns, Radios
Police Cruisers

Example: The Black Liberation League. Numbet: 7.
Nature: Visionary, Demeanor: Bravo, Attributes: Phyrial 3,
Soctal 2, Mental 2, Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Coneeo! 2,
Courage 5. Abilities: Brawl 3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3,
Streetwise 4, Firearms 3, Demolitions 3, Politics 1. Back:
grounds: Contacts (Black Market) 1. Controller: Anarch
Earle Equipment: Usis, Molotows, C-4, and a hextaip old
van.

Example of Tactical Resolution: Anarch Earle controls
the Black Liberation League a small and of militant radicals
in the inner city. He manipulates them into. bomb
judge's home, knowing that this will bring the police, dis
‘acting them from where Earle himself wil really artack

‘The Storyteller nuns the actual scary of Earle's oun
attack using roleplaying (Earle is a player character), bur
resolves the B.LL's attack with the Tactical Method, The
River City Police will try to stop the bombers.

The Storyteller decides that total of five success are
requited for one side to win, He tolls the Kiver City Police's
Physical + Firearms (phis one die for theit pistols}, opposed
by the BLiL's Physical + Firearms (plus three for theie
submachine guns). The difficulty for both vides ix secat six
The police get five, while the ILL. get two, leaving the
police with three successes. Next round: the palice get five
again, while the BLL. get three, leaving the police with p40
successes. This means that the River City Police have gotten
the tequited total of five — they win.

Later thar evening, Earle checks with his informant to
seelow his tactics worked. Hediscovers that the B.LL. were
taken in by the police after they torched the judge's lawn (ue
feast they afforded Earle with a distraction)

‘This system can he used for any group'saction, not jase
combat situatiens, The prince ean have his police search for

the anarchy' Retainers:Mental + Investigation (or Streetwise).
The anarchy can have their terrorist groups scare the popw
lace indoors: Social + Intimidation, The prince can have his
police sear the anarchy' terrorists away: oppove the police'
‘Social + Intimidanon against the terrorists' Mental + Ce
age. Thete rules are designed to resolve any group backgroun
action quickly. It ts the Storyreller's alternative to saying,
"Well, the police are tough, so the susentsall give up and po
hhome, leaving their sigs on the campus lawn." With this
‘system, he can roll the police's Social + Leadership against
the students' Mental + Self-Control to see if they are swayed
by the authoritarian voices of reason,

‘Group sinations outside of war can alto be resolved with
this system, giving groups extended actions. The Student
Society for the Advancement of Anarchy has to make ian
extended action roll of Social + Subterfuge (or Intimidation)
to convince the Srudent Council that they need more

funding, The Housewives Against Gaming (H.A.G. ) as to


make an exte of Social + Inf to ban
roleplaying in the public schools (the prince feats one of the
mes violates the Masquerade.

The Blood Bond or vamp inate and Presence
can temporarily modify s. Hf ehe group isate
ing because they have been come
then add to their Courage Dice Pool. If they are u
effect of Presence, add t the Dice Pool toresistany
attermpt to make them betra umpire source of awe.

The Storyteller should newer let this eystem intrude on
it t used with backround actions, not. the
primary story action. If the results clash with the story, then
Storyteller should feel free to change them or \gnore

Declaration
of War
When the law break in

Somebody has to stare the war, Will it he the prince or

the anarchs? Whoeverbeginsit hasthe

thw chavactes sact the conflict, they have the adva

tage of gathering their forces first: This i itself can ruin

cially they mus
When the princestarts al

eceinct, anatcles gorwtally get
ing to move his forces discreet
(appropriate Background; ©
culty 8),

The number of succe:
ide has of noticing the me

othe difficulty the othe

ment. Subeerf

can be use

acomplementary Ability. The other side r

Streetwise (or Conmacts ifthey have some in

3 Percepelon +
hheplaces)
(aimeuty 7), One success means the opponents notice one
tivity on the police band). Th

yccesses mean they notice an action of the prince's brood
(they are all gathering in the prince's office). With five
cesses, they know war is imminent (someane on the

mnce's side talke
Hf the an for wun, the
W discover dh any number of retin. If

underground, he may hea of the par

all overthe city may ome
¥: If the prince specifically
y. he can roll his Wits + Streetwise

to him and tell of anarch acti
checks for anarch acti

oe City Secrets. If h

he proper Contacts (and mone

C The Anarch Gookbonk


difculry 9),
flechette counds and weendiay er explosive rounds.

*A Britbh ot gun

A South Aftican wean, ing riot Bullets with reat foc.

(or any cher noe 38) and weighs 48.2 pound when full

Difficulty Range Damage Rate Clip

|Special Rounds No. 14 Golint combo gaycanning round: «wo damage dice to whomever ic hits Impact 7,
*Spectal Round: Federal SKAT: gas grenades which bounce and twirl around on the ground (Dextenty + Athletics ro gra

"Resembles w Tommy gun in appearance. Can fire a wide acray of ammunition: gus, rubber bullets, smoke casters, buckalie,

*Used in Germany, t eomenhat resembles a flamethsower, with two tanks on the user's back. Ne sprays tear gas

princes do), ke ean roll Wits + Leadership of Intimidation
(however he chooses to handle his Contacts). This can be
opposed ifthe anarchs move secretly — they roll shear Wits
+ Subeeriage: Lf shey score mare evccemes than the prince.
they sueceed in keeping thete war plans from him.

Riots

Riot — the unbestable high

Riot — sends your nerves to the sly

ict — playing ight to thee hands

Tomonrow you're homeless

Tonight's a Hast,

Disod Hannadye, "Riv"

Riots in the streets of the Gothic Pink world of Vs
pire most often mean thar the Anarch Revolt iin full force.
Humanity is quite capable of inciting its own riots without
ny aid from the anarchs, bu the anarche almost always use
‘lots as excuses for their own brand of violence.

Inciting a Riot

Cauning a smal riot s nor reribly hard, but creating a
rnujor civic disturbance usually requires Laying some ground
work of unrest, One anarch inethod of preparing for wa is
<reatingrensionsberwcen thecitizenryand the police. Doxai-

nnatingthe police enables the anarchs to stage racial incidents
cor instances of police bruzality to innocent citizens

‘The anarchs try to place Retainers among the discon-
tented mortal populace, aiming at those wha are in the hest
positions to incite riots when the proper time comes. Union
Teaders, charismatic and idealistic students, of ethnic écm-
‘munity leaders in the slums ate favorite targets for anarch
eantzol. When war has been declared, they will stir up the
‘mortal populace toaid in the fight. The prince can also incite
these iots, and all those mortals listed above may also come
under his sway. Usually, the prince will initea revolt among
anarch-conerolled groups 28 an excuse ro attack them out.
right.

Incitinga riot requires the use ofRetainersot Allies, and

of Charisma + Leadership (or Public Speaking) (diffi-
ley 10). The difficulty is lowered for atuntions of uncese I
there have heen racially motivated beatings, for instance, the
difficulty to incite a mee riot drops to seven or eight. Wide
sprend cases of electoral fraud can cause the difficulty to drop
as low ay six. Three succeses cause & riot in one area,
involving ove group of people. Five successes cause it to
spread quickly to other groups and to the streets ofthe city.
A botch means that the group tums against the inciter
tustead. Only one attemps ean be made per groups

‘The vampiric Discipline of Presence can greatly aid this
roll. Each rank reduces the difficulty by one and adds to the

Alfficulty of stopping the riot in the same way, unless the
‘vampire with Presence is the one calling the hale.

Chanter Four War! 67


Stoppinga not
At yets our of the hands of both sides, and then the vampires
windup fightingte maintain tveirowt turf rather than ty
to wrest it fom each other. Europe has had many cases of
‘wampire wars getting out of hund, with both sides suffering
Aunexpected lowes. Halting ariot isan extended action, Roll,
tharian + Leadership (or Public Speaking) (difficulty 8)
Ten successes are needed ro pacify the mob, with one tll per
hour, A incecimuin ofthrce rolls may be made per group. Any
hotel means that the violence tumsagainat the character —
maybe an old-fashioned lynching is at hand
Uf the other side is sill using ts Retainers ta incite the
then the rolls are opposed. Presence will lower the
per ranking. Dominate can stop individual
rioters, but unless the vampire is of Level Seven ranking
(Mob Rule), the rot will 20 on. A botch oa the afl arany
inte means that the riot has yottent out of control andl the
clusracter cannot again try te BtOp its

The Riot Police
‘And iy food kris deg need a home,
A shelter from pay on the wang,
— Pink Floyd, "Pups"
Goyechaments have invested huge amounts of mony m
\wenpons to control the governed, and police havea large and
elective anenal of equipment for dealing with civil distur
bances. In the Gothic-Punk world of toda
ily commen, though how much ofthis caused by

Kindred i¢a mystery. All over the wurld, humanity a fed up

‘with the stands quo and hus taken to the streets to prove it:

imples are Low Angeles, Pinamsaand Brazil. Reyand-

few of whi causes these riots the anarchs will use them to
«their own hioody insurrections.

cers willhave tocontend with the riot police and,
sconororlaterin theircareers,every anarch will have to team
about the weapons beingbrotyht tober against them. Police
ieencrally choose from three types of weapons to disperse
mobs and quell riots — tear yas, mibher or plastic bullets, anal
Tear yas is the miose coinimoi gas used by the potice
srt citizens. The canister of ans is fired from a specially
designed gun and burstson impact, quickly spreading the gas
into the air. The yas spreads at a rate of three yands per turn
{his can increase by up to six yards per turn in a high wind.
The canister cin sometimes be thrown back at the police,
causing them pro
This requires a Dexterity + ‘Throwing eoll (di
pets, or4 rohit their general area), For
isters ore often fired in reatcering pellets,
preventing rioters from throwing them hick. Sometimes a
dye is spread with the yi 40 rioters can be Mentified and
rounded up later by the police.
Robber bullets are used against more violent rioters,
‘specially in Europe, Ireland and the Middle East, These-are
sssherally nonpenetrating, desuned to knock down the

The Anarch Cookhook

sets They cause brusing and at close ranges ean beeak boner
or even kill. A particular type of stunning anime is the
"paneakeround" —aprojectile which flattens outas itspeess
through the airandl smacks the rarger within a wide eadive If

{t dows two damage dice to the target. The
number of successes to hit does now affect the damage dice.
‘The person who was hit must make a Dexterity + Athletics
(or Acrobatics) roll ra remain stanshira (dificult ecash the
damage miccesses + 3), Atextremely clove range, this damage
Dice Poot should be incrensed by two of three dice,

Warer cannonsate another means of tiot dispersal they
ate usually employed from the top of se ssmiored vehicle
Their range sonly about 30meters, but they can knock down
nearly anyone. They do no damagg, kur anyone in te pat
‘of the spray must make a resisted rll of Dexterity + Athletics
Cificuley 7) to remain etandins while being bombarded by
the spray. The water canon is assutned to have a constant
five successes for this resisted aetinn.

Few police in a full rot situation will wade into-an angry
‘obunprotected, Riot year isa necessary measure for thecop
with anight shift Anarch City. The mont common format
Protection isa bulletproof vest, with ahelmer and sometimes
at bulletproof plastic shield.

Ballerproof vests come tn many different sizes, weights
and types, for customerstanginyg fram combat trocpsto spies

Police Issue Kevlar Vest — A vomewhat bulky vest it
canbe hidden underatrencheoat. It addsone die ro seak rolls
against normal attacks (hands, clubs), but three dice against
bullets. The difficulties of all Dexterity rolls made hy is
wearer increase by two. For the optional hit location mules,
this veat only covers the chest and shoulders

‘Armiy Issue Flak Jacket — A bulky jacker, unableto be
hidden under a com. Acts as two seuk dice against normal
attics, but four aginst bullets. Dexterity penalty three
nly covers the chest, shoukers and arm,

Kevlar Shirt —This is of interest to spies and unde
cover agents, since it slight and can he concealed under a
sweater. It netsas two soak dice against bullet. Nopensltyt0
Dexterity. It only covers the chest and shoulders

Combat/Riot Helmet — A hard helivet designed to
protect the wseragainst bullets: Actsasrwosoak dice against
‘atmal blows ro the head, but five dice again bullets. Only
anesthe head. The prlicevorsianhacaplaighaes plate over
the fice, providing rwo dice ngaina bullets Difficulty fo the
sweater' Perception rolls increases by two.

‘When putting together a full suit, only the highest
Dexterity penalty applies; they are not cumulative. Abo,
armor-piercing wounds will subtract four from the armor's
protections they go night through most police oe army vests
They only subtract feo armor protection, however, ot
Stamina or Fortitude,

Police Shield — A traruparent shield made of 2 high
strength bulletproof plastic; itis most often seen with a
SWAT emblem on it, The use ofa shield requires the Melee
ot Shickd Ability. A shick! cau be wed uganst ranged


weapons like bulletyand arrows (difficuley of the opponent's
ranged weapon skill+ 4). A shield exn also be used as armor
éthe hit location lesare used. Any hit to the shieldbeating
«0 through the shield first, whether a successful

parry was made oF not

Police rio shields add three soak dice-against normal
himielf to he holding his shield over a particular location in
order to give armor protection to thar spor; this action
negates his ability to parry. Example: Carns, bearing a tioc
shuld picksd op off the streot, declares eigholdngie is frome
of his chest to protect chat location fiom the wooden arross
ofthe hunters who have suddenly appeared amid the toting
He cannot also use it to parry racks

New Secondary Ability: Shield Parry
This isan ancient Ability rarely found! am
vampires. However, there are ‘a
around who sported a shield when marching among the
legions of Rome, Also, certain police will be trained in
them. When parrying, roll Dexterity + Shield just
blocking ha d versus the armack:

rating saddled to
» conjunction with the Melee Skill.

Guerrilla War

"The wampsne's main zssaul tactic is guernila wat — few
‘excel in this as do the anarchs. The prince often has trouble
understan his anarch enemies' strategy due to their
seemingly rand and senseless actions. This i all on pur
pose, of coune — move fast and never let them figure cut
what you are up to. This is how anarchs survive.

Scaring One's Enemies

The guerilla war ean he used not only to finish off
enemies, but to strike fear into 1

hearts instead, If a
Cainite is scared enough, he may retreat in fear for bis final
life, This is often a tactic for getting the prince's fair-weather
allies w seek shelter during the storm of revolt, leaving the
battlefield to che nnarchs and the prince plone

Many ofthese metho
enemies, ate as dangerous for the anarchs asthe
ragets Feeding clues of vampiric act
will make the street
rail the city durin war

uchasleading witch4

.00 hot

ruptive beyundd
rally have to wait until the werewolves have lef

Chanter Four: War! 69


before continuing with their own plans. Discovering havens
and leaving evidence of sich knowledge behind will rerify

The Storyteller can determine the
effects of n campaign of

mnarch leader's
Manipulation + Intimidation in an eppased roll against the
victims' Wits + Courage. This is usually an exten
resisted action sec qumiber of
suceesses to be achieved befoee one side wins: The more
successes « feurful the victims
hs. The more
hey have forthe
anatchs, and the more willing they are to aid the prince in.

Uke annwrestting, with

he unarch's se, the

are, and thus less likely to act against

successes the vietinss score, the les respec

he anarch menace. This should be played in

storytelling mode, with the Storyteller
sexad uactics have beer used.

Pushingfeartact

a
ed vampire, when firlly confronted
ist roll Self-Control (dificulty 5), Ifhe fails, he loses

ny. Acomered
byh

control and freaks out in-a mad
torch will

gaint his ene
duce the Rowehreck, with an aceninpanying
Derangement of P

Setting Up the Prince

totum hisalliesagainst him. This ts mostoften accamplish
hy the ne of Dominate

ticularly the police force. Turing the police against the
friends may breed suspicion and
‘others believe that he ts behind the artacks. Ani
cally lke ronan the pe
Howe:
manipulated by
dangerous enesy th

ifa member of the

re anarchs, she may be
even th

jon te most of cutrals over
Je. Those clans most sympathetic in the fine
place, sich asthe Brajaby, Gangret or Malkavian, are the most
Ukely targets for this tactic. The prince, however, can fh
back by usi
and Retainers

terror and oppee
tothe ararch

he same activities against the anarch's Allies

civil wars among the Camarilla
clans can be instigated. This cases a three-way wor within
the city: anarch, prince and the enraged clans. Ober

tions, such as the Sable or the Setites, can got in ext the

action, igniting four- or frve-way eivil wars

The¢
ft bezun w
w fullsfledged wor bet

st Detroit ina five-way wat for

typical anarchepeinee dispute and geew ito

the anarchs, the prance, the
he Camarilla, the Setitesand the Sabbat. After

primogen
the bloody

asover, only the Sab

allother Kindred were destroyed. The Sabhat wa abl

Th


only through the sect's fierce loyalty. The other Kindred's
Retainer had been Dominated so many times, by o many
different vampires, that no one knew which side a given
shoul or mortal faction served

Most wars, however, remain limited to the anarchs and
Frince. The main concern of both the prince and the clans
during warcime s the protection of the Masauerade,and they
will ide ngainst the anarchs if ts sanctity is threatened. For
this reason, the anarchs ere also careful co protect the
Masquerade during wa. Many anarchs realize how hard it
would be to rule a1newly won city if the kine residents knew
of their existence.

Hunting Elders

pool of blac
‘And floating body pars
Would mate me grt

—ke-T, "Pulse of che Rhyme"

‘War gives anarchs the chance to hunt down their
‘enemies and kill them without fear of retaliation — all's fair
‘in war. A major reason anarchs do not usually take a direct
approach against their enemies is the worry that it may start
swat. If thar has already happened, they might as wel gain
asrmuch from it as they can, So, chey hi the streets stalking
the eklery who hiave pissed them off

Hunting for Havens

"The oldest (and wisest) vampires stay telus during
war, [caving the fighting ta their progeny or their Retainers.
For this reason, anarchs need to know the locations of the
elders' havens: If no hideaways are known, they must he
ferreted out (chis sa favored peacetime actvity for atures).
Ifthe character ate anarehs, the hunt for havens ts best
done within the confines ofthe story. They should figure out
oon their own where "thacdamn Ventruc" is hiding. Knowing
the territories that their enemies tend to haunt gives the first
clue, but the resis up to che players. The Storyteller can lee
thesearchersuse theitskills while hunting. Thesearchersroll
their Wits + City Secrets (difficulty 10). One success gives
the characters the general area such as a neighborhood (te:
Brooklyn Heights). Twosuccessesallow thecharacterstopin
the location down to a two-oe-theve-block area, With three
successes, they know exactly where itis. Each extra success
fives the location of that Vampire's alternate havens,
Inthisway, wactimeanarchscun systematically wipe out
‘large portion ofthe city's Kindred population. Killing them
off, however, is not always desired. Sometimes the anarchs
offer the comered vampires a choice —aid them against the
prince or cash in on existence now. This can add greatly to
the anarchs' inside information, even leading them to the
prince's secret haven for a battle coyale in his very living

roam. In fact, this final play is often desited by the more
neutral Kindred, just to get the fighting over with

Taking on Justicars
and Archons

‘When warhreaksou, chancesates usticar will camera
the city a fast as he ean — after dispatching his archans. If
the city has been boiling for a while, before the actual
outbreak of war, there will probably be atchons in the city
already

The archons should be leftalone ithe aim of the wat is
simply to get the peince off the backs ofthe anarchs, otf the
prince caused the warhimself. This way, the Justicarmighte
lesorrict, and may even rule againatthe prince fit isclearthe
anarchs were only working in self-defense. Ifthe anarchy are
seeking the total and final control of the city through wa
then the destruction of the archon and theit usticar master
is a necesity to ensure that their judgment ean never take
place, and to seare sy mote of their ik

Justicars niually make a ripple in the Kindred world
wherever they go, so keeping un eur ro the ground will often
bringaclue urcheir whereabouts. During oj wat, sly ay
even wander the streets, seeking adirect confrontation with
the Autarkis. Finding their location, if they are not be
obvious requiresa Wits * Streetwise roll (variable difficulty,
ependtag ort how tatusive the Law i). I ey
andnot coming out, then they must he found slisced abowe.
If they are trying to conceal theit activities, the ditficulty
shouldbe eight ornine, Iftheirsctivities will mcvitably cause
osip, such asa
sifficalry i five,

Once they have been found, theyare nor goingto be easy
torake down, Their generation and undead years are enough
teensure that they are good at what they do, For this reso,
anarchs usually play dirty, by leading witch-hunters ot Lu
pines eo them,

Taking Out the Prince

T hear the roar of a big machine

Two score and in between

Hie metal art medicine

1 hear expire dow

— Sisters of Mercy, "Lucretia My Reflection"

This is the ultimate purpose of the war for niost anarchs
Theprince'sdestruction will ringaperiedofchaos allowing
the anarchs to consolidate a greater hold on the city

Finding the peince during the war depends on how he
acts. Does he take to the streets, seeking tw destroy the
anarchs with his own hands, or does he sit in bis haven,
pulling the strings of the war from there? He will most
certainly not be where he is expected, Searching for the
prince reaquites a roll of Wits + Streetwise, (Storyteller

thenthe

Chantve Four Warl 71



hasbeen taken from their
0 the territory of many
» control the fertile

Setices are encroaching
clans in theie efforn

Consolidating Control

date its bold. This is usally
rity all who opposed the victors,
fgainse them ain,

Move to cons
dome by ruthlessly

that they will not tum

Teche anarchs have wan, they must force the Camut fi
<lans to recognize their new status ay rulers ofthe city, The
best ay to do this 18 by Blood Bonding the old chee
something which may be anathetna to true anarchy. Califes
Bla xetup iin Anarch Council, and this Councd immediately
forced all the top elders ofthe clans to Bond to individual
members,

The clans may keep fighting; bue if the anarchs are
seme and mean enough, they usually submit eventually
How readily they do so depends on the nanine of the new
leadership

Chapter Four: Wart 15



Postscript:

Pleading ..~
Your Case

me, whohas witnessed many suchcases twoughous the years.

nfidene thas her Bemdage wo the prt

nici take to prevent her and her cotene's ease

Justicar Petrodon, Nover

lemund that you throw all ys panwer ad might thi
our wil. That fool yow let loose, Katy, hasbeen ann

ed? Only a foo would have jllen for

u, so call you

lusticar Petrexlon, December 1992

The Defeat ae eee ee ae

To avoid search parties itv the aftermath tr
ll Wits + Srrectwise. Complementary Abili

Now itis autumn and d

And the long jouen extended, resisted roll against the prin inting pack
wins the war, Often, the anarchs simply crawl hick to the a seven difficulty. The number of successes needed i» 10
outskits and lay Low fora while. Sometimes, ifithasbeenan the characters are either found, ot hide heyond the prin

wy are rounded wp and brought ability to dicover them. This should be played ont
ent. If their crimes wers against made as the Storyteller deems appropriate, wwdiied
de,not isthe prince, thenaJusticarmay judge cuining of stupid actions on the player pat

{fa Blood Hunt has been declared,
In the case of defeat, the anarchs'hest bet istoflee the isthe character
city. Itdoesnot marter where theyyo,aslongastheygetaway jive
fn d prince. Unforrunstely, if they threatened

we bunting party an extra

of more

the Masquerade too much, they will be tracked by erchons, search for free blood


ye must he don

Pleading For
Mercy

get away with life

Pleading with the Prince

he nature
and then


month) to keep the character's friends from suspecting h
Successes oppose theirs in a resisted action on their Percep
mh + Subterfuge colle (difficulty 7)

‘The prince always needs someone wha cai perform
dangerous boons — the character might well be the sucker,
‘The player:may think it lucky if the prince has the character
deliver something to another city (a chance to-get out of the
citysrighr?), The problem i, the Lupines can suff this "ite"
and will come {ooking for it. The prince wants this dane,
bhowever, and does not care how many Cainites i costs bien
along the way. The characteris the perfect candidate for this
kind of work. ‘This is 2 good place for the Storyteller to
concoct a truly dangerous or suspenseful story. Pethaps the
prince wants some fabe information given to EBL Special
Afinirs — in person, Or the prince needs patsy to pull the
Inquisition off his trail, and the anarch captive is elected.

The last method is to whine one's way ro freedom. By
appearing robe profounuly miserable and penitent, charac:
‘ter may be able to convince the prince to let her walks Good
luck

The Primogen
and the Clans

lithe chamerer has any Allies on the primogs
the time to use them, They can step in to plead len
hher. amd recominenad a punishes thi
the character (or themselves). This can cause sexme infight-
tn among rhe coun! members, and ow far an Ally will
push ir depends entirely on the character's worth.

Acharactercanalsobegaboon fromanon-Aly, though
the payback will be weighty indeed, However, the Tremere
may bite. Ifthey can findause forher and theycertainlyean,
mowing them), they may step into plead for the character'
release. They will expecta hoon tn retum, or maybe multiple
bouns. This canbe form of indenturedserviude, butat least

ny for
wre auncriable ts

the character may get ay fro the prince

Calling in Favors

Now isthe time to cal in all the favors anyone bas ever

owed the character. Perhaps fellow anarchs ate also working
110. do noe gine ap hope

The character cin appeal to vampire voctety, based ont
the fnet thar her deeds were done for the yreater ood
ess whether this is trac or not). By giving a tousing
plea for sympathy before the assembled clans, she may yer be
able ro walk fee

Punishment

Afterall the witnesses have been heard, and the defense
hha rested, the prince or the Justicn will pas sneering. I

most cases of anarch violence, if Blood Hune sna hee
called, the anarch mast drink the Mood of the prance thee
times, andthus Bond ohim, This sconsidered theendotthe
matter, as far av justice és concerned, Notody doubes the
supremacy of the Bond If the Blood Bond is not deted
option, ther hanishment or exile is pronouneed. The acacch
Is forced into che wild areas ofthe world where she must fend
for himself avay from other Kindred. Soe will almost ste
die from Lupine attacks, theugh some (mostly Gangel) have
survived to tell of The archons in ather cies of the
Caunaritaare notified co be aware inal enter
theireity. Hhey have the right to judge her anew if abe breaks
the exile. This is harsh punishment, but those who sursive
become very tough: When they n coaaly have
revenge on thevt minds

The final and most extreme of punishments je Pal
Death. A stake is driven into the vampires heatt ana shes
Jeft toro im thesun, watched by the prince's loyal gh
to enue thut she does not escape. Barina vallantexipe
attempt, this is it — the end.

Aage-old vampiric madition dictates th
<dotnned in this manner he all
so with dignaty, This trod
dayswhenhenor anudignity were i
and kine. Many princes wil sal

a vampire con
red a last speech so she migy
n handed down fom the
poctant toberh Kindred
it, bur mont usticaesvall
cenforce its rule, The condemned is wally givet ome time
to compose henslf before her hist words

Many of then on theie
brood, using the Presence Discipline, or to ca with them
ane fast time-vin a Thaumanurgic ritual. Few, howesey te
this chat to sy their poodhyes — ir x auainly for plotting
2A Kindred cans rest easier in her second grave
her progeny will do everything a thee power
ensure the prince gets paid back in ypades for chisexecution.
This ts why many princes forego the final speech. a why
they prefer Blood Hunts instead, The taditior-ided:
Justicars, reyardless of the foul misuse of tis snptutin of
dignry, demand that it be heeded (they often have way 19
take advantage of what they heat)

Curses
Finally, in

med use this time to sum

eax! of a sousing last speech by which to be
(te Curses ane can itter to bei fou
reign cf ll luck down tipon the house of the prince: These
20h century — few Kindred have kept
Nonetheless. in expectation of ham judge
ment, the ansrchs hitve unearthed sonie of this objcie
"Thaummaturgy in preparation for their final pitinthepringe's
eve

Curses mit be spiaken kon directed rowand she target
oftheir ilefiects, Each curse uses dierent Traits tbe cine
pour his lifeforce io i,
"spiteing out his last breath," in harted of the target. Fotthis,
the curver sperics multiple perimanent Willpower pots to

is a death curse, the caster ca

Postscrint: Pleading Your Case: 77


fuel the spell: each point actsasa success forthe curse. Hea
spend as muck Willpower ashe wishes, but it rust he done
none cum, and the points nevercome back. They can never
be bought hack or earned back — they are gone for gond, as
part of the lifeforce animatiny the dead corpse is spent ina
moment of destructive hatred, and thus consunted in that

Death Wrath (Level Four Ritual)

The caster's wething hate artacks the tarpet in the form
of the raging Beast and the target will be plagued by frentics
The curser rollshis Willpower (difficulty iethe Willpower of
the target), Each point of Willpower spent acts as success.
The number of successes achieved will add to the rarger's
dificuity when resisting frenies. This curse can only be
canceled by 2 queer to control the Beast within (a story), the
jokconita, ot a Level Five ritual.

A Curse Upon Thy House
(Level Five Ritual)

Thisalfects not only dhe petson upon whom Iewas east,
bur his entire progeny and brood also. The caster rolls
Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty 8). One success is
needed, but for every success therealter, one other vampine is
affected (beginning with the closest to the targer). Each
ipower point spent likewise affects another vampire.
vill nll have the Dack Fate Flaw unl dhe head of the
house (the target) tones for the erime dani to the curse. If

the curser wasan march, and the target was the prince, then

the prince must somehow pay reparation to the anarch's

‘good deed" must be done to overcome the curse,
‘orels all the brood ate affected. It the target dies, then the
next che who was affected by the curse mkes on the respon-
sibility of reparation.

Mark of the Beast
(Level Five Ritual)

‘This is an ancient ritual created when the week was
‘young. The target goes through a painful transformation, at
the end of which he arivex with the Beast upon his face — his
visage shifted cp one horrible to gaze upon. Hie will resemble
the Nosfemtu; his Appearance will be reduced to zero.
Nosferatu. cure "The cosear rolle Will
power (difficulty of the rarget's Wits + Empathy (inaxinium
10)). The only chance for a cure is if the target falls in love:
‘pot infatuation or desire, bur true love — love for which he
would die the Final Death. If this love is rerumed, the target
will change back into his true form. The Storyteller should
roleplay this out in a story Falling in love is al one of the
‘things that can restore lost Humanitas to a vampire,

ienmmune ts th

The Anarch Cookboole

The War of Ages

‘No matter how many anarchs the prince eatches and
destroys, the fight wil still goon. Vainpires have heen tearing
at cach other's throats since the beginning of recorded
history, and only the Antediluvians know how long before
then.

‘The unarch ie the modern-day political manifeseation of
the rebellious spirit in the Kincied. The vampire rebel of
‘olden times sought only to gain power for himself, or to
reduce the power of hic enemies. The spirit of individual
Liberty born into mortals, and sanctified throngh s0 many
revolutions, has bred its way into the Kindred, The young
neonates, raised in 2 mortal world of societal freedoms, are
unwilling to exchange therrcarstrcs lfestylen forth
feudal world of the Damned.

The Cainite is the being of rwo births: one mortal, the
other wampice. The anarch is created, not horn, tempered in
the hot furnace of oppression and whetced on the blood ofhis
elders. :Viva La Revalucién!


_ Appendix One:

My tinue has vot yet come either; sume are burn. posthu

Niewsche,

usly

Phe Etemal Recurrence

Juniper Never vite to hold her aléohol, she pink pretty
Jt was a hot night in Oklahoma City, and there was ick. Then the big man ape down next to her,

thar kind of gir. They looked at

per and Laughed, anal

ing what was showing

Junipe ot friends were all hanging around, just 5
talking. There were those guys again, real cowboy t just That he did is ms bs? Kis bait — he ii . me
off the ranch, but looking like they knew their way around. Teal nal es a dub. rit tie beyan
town. luniper walked on over and started with them, rN nnal eta out the holetn ber

the boredom. They took toh
dhe had a way about her

just toreliey
kept telling

seal quick, and

ked uway

beyin getting
was positively

the liked that, so she yo ins their pickup truck,
i . siti body was getting weaker and weal

geting angrier and angtter. She kr

real angry, even ax her b

and they drove ai

Soon enioigh, they took her out to the "ranch." Kewas a
ie house, with stables ill around. A the t

en all her blood, and she would die, a victum of

ck pulled up,a
sucking a bottle of
Ae amiled ar her with a prin
ue didn't Like, and all the guys were heopin' and hollerin'
They broughe her inside and s

In anger, she reached out with one last defiant gesture

milder. Suddenly, everything changed

ae something
ayer mm

: had ever been. Serength suffused her limbs

carted feeding her beer after beer


He screamed and pulled away, staring at her in astonish
ment and disbelief. She knew she had her chance, and leap
sring compokes. She ran ous the doot an
ey beyan to chase her, but quickly becant
ind lost her trail H shown he:
move in the woods while hunting. Eventually she
J, Shee couldn't believe what had hay
he looked at pale und cokd, lookin
dead. But she didn't feel dead. No, she waealive now, That
she knew

cherfiestdaysana Kinde
depend an, and she drew uf

barely managed to sary
idonly hers
an inner resolve the ha

discovered others like her, and forced inforrnation from!

who would nos cooperate, She came to realize that her blood
than most of their, a

ore powerf
ered why, Her
Oklahoma City,
by only

From that day forward, sh

jount of uouble since

chs around the Midwest le

Sire: Buckstor

Clan: Ventrue

Roleplaying Hints: You are tired of being us
re going to do tome pushing around yourself. You have the
nen you kick him in the balls

Youtalk nice

herself atnong th
sa lot of respect from them
vailor is the author of "An Anarch Manif
parmphlet om the Anarch Movement which is freely distrt
uted to Kindred everywhere, In it, he tells the tile of
hrace and his involvement in the revolt thar created th
warch Free States
He now resides among his Retainers in Los Angeles
Hispaniccommunity. Heis involved insupplyiegequipment

Comary revolutionary groups in the Unite
aveled frequently in Mexico ©
and the C

ch Cookbook

own figure among the K.
Real Namet Salvador Garcia
Sire: Ferdinan

Tmaget Salvador tohisskin,
even though it has paled considerably since his "death." Hi
haut is ctly black and he wears ic down below his shoulders;
‘occasionally tying it into twa ponytails, Hie right cheek i
somewhat swollen (a wound not healed upon his Embrace),
He hasa wide smile with shining teeth, and a hearty laugh
that endears him to his tien

are fall ofa lust for unten
tly where you need th be
wherever you are at the time. Your English is not good, hue
you prefer ir char way. There is no dishonesty ince
or your nonverbal — everything ison the surface, biden,
When you laugh, axl loud and hard
jous havens throughout Lie Angeles and
outside theeity. For the most part, you live in th with
uur ghoul Retainers.

Influence: He has a lot of say among the Chican
community and ineity governmental regulations concemine
the Hispanic neighborhoods. One af che prine
hind the creation of the Anarch Free States, he has lot of
respect among the council members, though Ike has been
accused of ienon interests of the Free Statesto concer
trate on revolution elewhe

Notes: Salvador sometimes arriesabandolierof woo
stakes when he travels outside of Lor Angeles, along with his
30.06 hunting rifle

Toby

Toby was crack computer
home, Heused hiscollege maney

hour going to the local college. Hi ake college
missions forms and waive fees with this setup, 10 he rally
saw no need 10 go off to school. What he mos desperately
That would be a to take hisn a legend
hacking history.

ight him to the attention of

» the city who was better than he: Oxwal

tu, Oswald was alny forhacta
could recruit for his own utes,

the computer and

pe jus illegal

unaware of Oswald's trie

by was enttely foo eager to use his sil for ener,
and especially for

Benandiv One Whale Whe Amv


were ot against whom they were aimed. Most of the tite,
though, he didn't realize just whose computer he was breake

‘into or what he was doing to it. The myster
Oswald" would tell hit it was safer ifhe didn't know. How
verovng this was

Toby was at basement when the Milesian
irs Herriedto squeeze out the
ascent window, but they butt all exits covered. They shor
Toby with afew quick bursts froma submachine gun and the:
left. He lay on the concrete hasemenc floor, dying, wondering
what had happened, when Oswald arrived.

‘Oswald bent over him and sucked out the rest of the
Hood, what little had not already run down the drain, and
fed Toby a drop of his own vite. One drop — that was
allt took to turn Toby in

Ube pai sind
counpared with
broke all the minors inhi
0 a warchouse near the c

rransformation was nothing
‘oby's new looks. He was a monster. He

pare, then moved his equip
ucts. He could nos

stand for any to gee hitn now.

Hisriew clan was good to him. Only they, ofall the rest
of the Kindred, could look at him as if his looks mean
hing. He vas uglier than they were, and this c id
them. He began tofeel that they visited simply to lookat hisn
and fee! better about thein

ves

Only cme who came was honest wi
himself Honest Abe." and be was a
Kindred. He was leader of the anatchs in town, and a true
prince. Hewasa Bruja, and
wreare about Toby's looks. Toby

him. He called
ad amnony the local

ragt uly at all, bur he did
took an instant liking to him, and sows

cl his em

secretly. He knew that ifhe lec anyone kinow, the rest of his
clan would sel the information tosomone important — like
the prince, So he his worked secretly for theanarchs,as thei
prime hacker, ever since. He will do nearly anything for
Honest Abe

He has often broken into
for Abe, but ew
mysterious head
Nathan,andenly the
When ssked what he
makes Toby fell

He bus jut atarned ex

overnment's computers
ace often for Oxon
city's Nosferatz. No

searching desperately for aw hus horrible world, f

fora littke while,

Sire: Oswald
Clan: Nosferan

Embrace: 1988

Apparent Age: 20

Image: He is a chubby pe
multiple balloons grewing foom bis fls
shurt, and will not get one railored tor fear of letting someone
measure him, His face is a wasteland of acne scars and his

at hangs off him like
He cannot wear a

skbook


pimples ooze continwally. He wipes his face with old raps,
which he then throws intath « clean
them,

Roleplaying Hintst In bey, you are a pitiful ere
bur your sharper than many others. You ¢
Nathan. You talk proudly when bragging ab
desperate fora compliment. You heap scorn on

Influence: He has
certain toe hanging i¢ ro a company which will
never notice the billing

Notes: He very afraid of what would {Nathan
‘i

Uiscovered hisanarch allegiance, sobe is extrac keep

‘computers, andtoxtcasionslly finds out information for Oswald

Daliah

Dalia was into stringe thinige. She liked being 1
Doll in downtown Miami. She liked iteven more when she
was ifted with etemal life by Gavriel. Bur she had dorve i
for fin. This was no longer fun. Gavriel was Sabbat, and she
discovered that their games were not games, but real bk
orgies of death. She also dd noe like what they

ne who disagreed with them. [twas all too dracon

as love atficst
lick for bork of them, und she discovered the world of the
Camueilla, finding ia thankful breal from her sire' dark ut
brooding ways. But he did not care at all for her new friend,
and Garret hecame a victim of the Sabbat's move on Miami
ab had seen death before, but never th cone the
loved. She was enraged,
‘The Camarilla clans had be
proper territories, but she discavere
were not ready (0 give up what was still theits. They were
snarchs, and they knew how to fight the Sabbat with their
own heartlesstricks. She joined them. fueled by rage over het
love, But she found that Gavriel's Blood Bond was
notionefher own. He recaptured herand
friends

When the anarchs finally found Gavriel, they hud wo get
gh her to get to him. She hated every minute of t, but

chotce bu ad him. Luckily, they understood

Ancien Cas Wh


net, She was unable to escape by the time Gavriel, and thr
anstchs, lay dead on the floor. But she wa fi
nd

She und the other a

ally free of the

chy had only won a small battle

but one which paved the way for the Camarilan
ofthe city from the Sabbar. But this did not stop the new

4 she vould, Dalla

tS, one a and the other
eet, the Subbar, which is still unwilling to give her
mp

Sire: Gavriel

(Clan: Teienisce An
Embree: 198;
Appurent Age: 26
Arnage: Long, raven-black bir, usally worn in multiple

braids. Her eyes ure surrmundesd by black face paint, height

‘ening the vampinic look. Her skin i

erases them by spending Bi

Roleplaying Hintst Ye ats which
you ion you wi
1 treat ether cept your clon
Js, like objects now, devoid of any emotion

you. You eulk a lor

Haven: A seed
he tses an alternate haven in the suburh
Influence: A fie

cenataually testo gets

Sometimes they listen, scmetimes they do not

1 dewntown Mian, Sometime

figure in Jocal anarch politics, 3

sno with herarnbattack t

Ice Box
‘Vernon asa fat little kid always bein kidked aby

never encnigh tc

it. The welfare check went to pay for his mother's liquor,

with little leftforfood or clothes: Vemnon'ssize came from hi

mor something like that, Hé was ft whither

vente much on

he "boy2" in the neighborhodd who had
ey always had money, and Vertion
inuy mioney, He started hanginy around

those tough shoe
Sid's care fit wi

my like some of the

1 kil, doing fa

urn, they gave out sotne money, which Vernon

spenicon food. But he was a pretty tough kid, get

heolder cedonhimwhenhev

cotherspi

¢ had friends, he'd show anybody w

anything the business end of his gun. He had a gun now, an

picked up on the street

He find his firsrillar 11, It was ou the
building, A kid from
ighhorhood was giving him gulf about his size. He told the


‘kid to shut up, but he just kepton. Vernon's friendssvarted to
laugh too, and that was it. Vernon pulled out his gun and
wasted the kid. One shot.

Alll the other kids excepe Mohammed rin away.
‘Mohammed thought what Vernon did was coal, and ronk to
calling Vernon "Ice." The other kids added a fat joke onto it,
and the name stuck. So he snamed calling himself lee Box
ako,

‘When he was 12, he started running drugs, and made a
lor af money. His mom died of liver failure, so he had to
sunporthissister himself twasnoproblem, though, with the
‘money he wasmmaking. [twas ere chathe met Luther. Lather
was strange kid, but he had a ft of respect and power. All
the big guys deferred to him, and Vernon couldn't figure why.
He and Luther became good friends, chough, and Ice Box
became known all over.

‘When he was 14, his lifestyle finally caught up with him:
Heand Luther were walking down the street one night. A car
screeched up and asubmachine gun stuck out of the window,
spraying lee Box and Lutheractossthe yard. The carscreeched
off, and {ce Bex lay on the lawn, bleeding bis life away,

Luther bent over him, bleeding small amounts from
‘woundsall everhishedy, but notseeming to nocica it He was
looking real distressed, muttering and looking around, as ihe

id of ein seen as he watched fee Box die. Finally,
"Man, I don't want'choo dying. You my fiend, my
brother. I'm gonna fx ita you don't go, not ever. You got i?
Isivcool wit'choo?"

{ce Box could only stare at him. He couldn't move
anymore. He choughe it was real weird when Luther started
chewing at hin wrise and racking his blood out, as if he were
too impatient to wait for it ¢o happen on ss own, Then,
Luther bit his own wrist and held it over Ice Box's mouth,
saving"Hury up, man. They might catch us. We porta go"

Ice Box had never felranything ike this before, the urge
to reach up and gulp thar blood down. He had never fele
Inungrier. He found he could actually move his head, and
reoched upand drank Luther'sdeipping blood. It suffused him
and he felt strength returnang, all the pain gomgaway. Luther
kept telling him to look ar his wounds, and think about
bleeding there while thinking about them healing up, lee
‘Box did, and his blood started to poo! our of the bullet holes,
bot all of a sudden the holes started disappearing, like they
were never there at al

Luther helped him up and they ran off tolis place inthe
abandoned building There Luther told him all about whathe
‘was now, and the kinds of things he could do, He wis worried,
though, because he wasn't aupposed to mike any vampires.
So, he covk Ice Box to another vampire, Earle, who called
humnselfan anarch, Earle listened to what had happened, and
Gecidedto take Ice Box in and train him in protecting himselt
from the Man, who called himself prince of the city.

‘Anson ashe was prety straighton being an anarch, and
who his eriemies were, he stalked down the guys who hud
killed him, drank their blood, and told the rest of their gang

thar he wastheirboss now. They didn't aque they were ued
te violence. And besides, even though he wasjusta kid, he:
could kick all their ucts. He gor chem things they couldn't
‘get otherwise, so they fell right in with him.

Ice Box heads the ging now, which he wies to dell digs
togetmoney tohelp hisold neighborhood. He often joins the
cother anarchs to thwart the prince and his police:

Sire: Luther

Clan: Brujah

Embrace: 1991

Apparent Ages 14

Image: Ice Box i still a fat kd but he moves fase ot his
‘bulk, He wears «baseball cap with his name ont rap Thins
and experiive sneakers

Roleplaying Hintst You sill like to eit, even tough
You know itdoesn't do any good these days, Youstll bearthe
sxars of childhood ridicule. [f anyone gives you guf, you will
Justis soon kill them and drink thet blood! as beat them yp
You try tocome up with your own sap songs, bu fou justean't
eur it, though you won't adente i

Haven: A house in the worst part of cov, serom the
sereet from a crack house, which he uses ta distract people
from his ov haven. His ghouls part of Ii gnu the
house by day

Influence: He controls 1 small street gang, and has
influence with the black market.

The Antagonist

Justicar Petrodon

In the 14th century, Count Petrodon of Spain alist
the plague spreading across Europe. He survived.
¢ he was Embmced by a Nosferatu who necded his
power. Petrodon was not particularly bothered by his new
looks. Heworea mask before his ubjects, claiming heplague
hhad scarred his face and the sun was hurtful to his tenderskin,
Thus, none suspected his tre nature. Th
only at nigh, to avoid giving him pa
Spanish sun.

‘Over the years, Petrodon rose through the ranks of the
Camailla knowing full wall thavwny of aieraceacy Ha fitin
perfectly among thie feudal lifestyle of the Camanlla. He wos
made an archon by Justicar Cusillo, and he led a campaign
cof persecution against the Spanish anarché, who were united
fscross the country, eather than grouped into cities mt they
were everywhere else, One of the young anarchs he tried to
‘convert hack to Camarilla law, Salvador, escaped jutice, and
Perrodon has hunted hi ever since.

The only Jurticactolive mainly in he United States he
stays mainly in Seattle, organizing actions against anagchs
‘over the whole coast. When he travels elsewhere, i is the
expected city ofthe prince, ora Nosferatu elder, to protect

‘came to his court
from the blistering

Aooendix One: Who's Who Amone the Anarchs: 85


thir, Despite dis he bisa gc

‘and they will defend him with cheie lives (hey mre

148

Petrodon has an aristocrat
bait and beard —und his ey
‘ually black,

ace but for his

he pupils a
of night, with two beastly
ing back, His once aquiline nose is now a bit
hich would give him the itp
it not for his eyes.

bestrict. The pr

lem
dito get mean with them,

fa file frontofkindnes —
lemon within, Butthis isnot rue;youdotry (at eat
be kind, But that temper keeps caming hack. Your
ibe maael of ine diction but forthe mncontol

lescent cracking thar occasionally comes out.

hidinga

Haven: Usually a well-protected suite tn the center of
Seattle, though he lay many mi

Petrodon's influence is unimaginable, He is
wwinakers of the Camarlla, accountable onl

The Anarch ¢


- Appendix Two:
Anarch Slang

Joc of terms used only by anarchs, developed by thelr own particular subcultire of rebellion and defiane

Eupemism for diablerie 4 Lupine wttack. The

Go anarch ch by joining ne is called!"Grands

Be A Gangre! anate Eastern E

lea Circus Derogatory term f Trimisec
Doing a Houdint, Pulling a Hens White Zom A Kinde Root Roun tt
an anarch gang dis Ketchup Vitae fron lower-class
Blood Ww-Cal Diet, Diet Cola An extremely skinny metal
ists present Rotten Apple Computer hacker, use favorubly
by the police Tick Term for 3 vampire spreading
Machiavelh's Brat Nickname for diseases through feeding
Baikis, Beeele Bailifi Nickname for archons Mother's Milk peefer to vite that creates
Baby Unproven neonate, usually a or sustains ghouls

candidate for

ship inn Arbe wher

cessful in theit work ¢

Cry Wolf r the wet of luring

he city to attack staking Kindred


THE
ANARCH
COOKBOOK:

The elders kick everyone else around. It seems like a
vampire has no purpose in this world except as a
punching bag for the old ones. They'll knock you down,

push you around and force you to do their vile bidding.
That is, when they're not drinking you dry.

But you are mot alone. We are the anarchs. and we are
the future. Read this book, and learn why the elders
despise us. Read it, and leara of the lies they tell. Read
it, and learn why we are so feared.

the weapons, strategies and tactics of the anarchs,
usable by players and Storytellers;

the history of the Anarch Movement, from

beginnings millennia ago to the Anarch Free

States today:

biographies of prominent anarchs, as well as their
immortal arct-enemy. ISBN 1-56504-048-1

WW 2207 $15.00

1
9937902207"
