# File: The Book of Shadows.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


NS a Ee SE)

"THE: BOooK OF

fADOWS

The Mage Players Guide

Queen of Pattern


Credits

Written by: Emrey Barnes, Bill Bridges, Steve
Brown, Phil Brucato, Brian Campbell, Sam Chupp,
Beth Fischi, Don Frew, Dan Greenberg, William
Hale, Harry Heckel, Sam Inabinet, Darren
McKeeman, Judith A. McLaughlin, Jim Moore,
Kevin Murphy, John R. Robey, Kathleen Ryan,
Steve Wieck, Ehrik Winters, Teeuwynn Woo-
druff

Additional Material: Bob Asselin, James Estes,
Andrew Greenberg, James Medley, Mark
Reine Hagen, Ryk Strong

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Brian Campbell

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: James Crabtree, Scott Johnson, Matt
Korteling, Robert MacNeill, Dan Smith, Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook, Lawrence Allen Williams, Jeff
Wright

Front Cover Art: Larry Schnelli

Front and Back Cover Design: Larry Schnelli

Ch

Fge 4598 STONEGATE IND. BLD.
hott sn MTN, GA 30083

CAME STUDIO

© 1993 by White Wolf. Alll rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Mage The Ascen-
sion, Vampire The Masquerade, Werewolf The Apocalypse
and The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide are
trademarks of the White Wolf Game Studio. All names,
titles, characters and text herein are copyrights of White
Wolf unless otherwise noted.

Covenant, Mythic Europe, Regio, Cult of Mercury,
Mistridge, Certamen, and Troupe Play are trademarks of
Wizards of the Coast , Inc., are from the Ars Magica game,
re used with permission. Ars Magica is a trademark of
ards of the C

The mention or reference to any companies or products
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

Due to mature subject matter, reader discretion is

advised. Printed in Canada

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Special Thanks to:

Rebecca "Rat Worship" Shaeffer, for know-
ing how to get Rob and Brian hot.

Louvie "Bungee" Locklear, for the reason she
need not buy beers in Biloxi.

Lyndi "Bimbo" Hathaway-McKeeman, for
her fan club's alternative to root canal surgery.

Richard "Not the Skinner" Haight, for not
being the guy you love to Haight.

Mike "Exorcist" Krause, for battling the Devil
in GOD.

Mark "Spitz" Rein Hagen, for making a big
splash at M.O.C.

Danny "Fabio Fan" Landers, for spilling the
beans on Ken's secret obsession.

Wes "HoJo" Harris, for being the slickest
gaijin at the Mafia party.

Jim "Recruiting Sergeant" Townsend, for find-
ing new ways to pay the rent.

Oh Soon (Kim) "Welcome to the Jungle"
Shropshire, for waltzing in where GOD fears to
tread.

Sam "Comfy Chair" Chupp, for bringing pa-
gan joy to Mouseville.

ME BOoOoK OF

T™

FADOWS

The Mage Players Guide

Contents

Prelude: Behind the Walls 4
Introduction 8
Book One: The Gifts of Awakening ~ Traits 12
Book Two: Faces of Magick — Portraits 50

Book Three: The Book of Rules- Systems 98
Book Four: The Magick Toybox - Equipment 136

Book Five: The Fragile Path - Parables 154.
Book Six: Guiding Words — Counsel 192
Suggested Reading 205

Index 207

Contents

3


Cae atin,

i >

Prelude:
Behind the Wall

By Kathleen Ryan

This is an elegant house. Its patrons
claim it is the finest in the state, if not the
nation, and solidly, if sordidly, endorse it.
They describe the firnishings as perfect, the
talents of the employees as exquisite and the
arrangements as painfully discreet. Perhaps
these things are true. Certainly the operation
is so refined as to make unnecessary any
blackmail. The mayor counts the madam
among his closest friends.

The police never raid this house.

On the ground floor is a restaurant as famous and as
respectable as any other. Amanda slinks deliberately across
the main salon, drifting slowly closer to her target's table.
Out of the corner of her eye, she sees him, sees the wineglass
in his flaccid hand. Twice the magick has misfired, twice
this man has escaped, all unwittingly. A clumsy waiter
dropped the first tainted glass; a drunken diner stole the
second. Though new to her powers, already Amanda has
come to distrust coincidence, and ice settles in her spine.
She longs to search these vacuous faces for the enemy, to
fight directly the half-suspected opposition... she curses
this clumsy approach even as she neutralizes the poison of
the second glass. A knife, she feels, is so much more final.

She reaches the table just as a noisy party of seven
crowds past in the other direction. Jostled, Amanda leans
against the table for support, smiles vaguely as the mur-
mured apologies begin. One satin-gloved hand moves a
fraction of an inch...

"Jane, darling! Is it really you?" One of the passing
diners, a handsome Asian gentleman ina tuxedo, takes her
firmly by the shoulders. The pressure is light, but her hands
are immobilized.

"Do I know you?" She searches his face. Never in her
life has she used "Jane" as an alias, but this gives her time
for a moment's thought.

"P'll be so hurt if you don't remember, you know." No.
It makes no difference whether this man is her enemy or
not. Her adversary doubtless watches, and this is her last
chance.

"How could | ever forget ?" As she kisses him, she shifts
space behind her, loses herself to the twisting, raw-silk feel
of reality in the room, lifts the branching futures out of their

random order and reweaves them around the plate before
her target. Food poisoning. She holds her controla moment
longer, recoils from the shock of countermagick, satisfied
that her adversary's attention is held there. Only then does
she flick the wholly mundane poison into the wineglass.

The gentleman in her embrace has cold eyes now, and
there is steel beneath his pleasant tones. He takes her arm,
and there is steel in the gun that presses against her ribs.
The diners see only the smiles, hear only the airy chatter of
old lovers; most turn back to their meals before Amanda
and her captor disappear through the shadowed doors at the
rear of the salon. She must play this scenario out helplessly
to give the poison time to work.

They halt by aclosed door ona top floor of the old brick
hotel. He knocks just once.

"AID's fair. I've got her."

"What?"

"Wait a minute."

"Kill the lights. What she can't see... damn it, hurry
nat Reh

Trapped in this gilded hallway, Amanda simply waits,
wonders if perhaps he will kill her, wonders if she should be
afraid... wonders at her own delight. She has done what she
came here to do. The kill was right, and it was hers, and it
was good. The feeling convinces the young Euthanatos of
the worth of her Path in ways the Old Man's teaching never
has. As the door opens, she fights a smile.

They trip her up, hold her down, take her knives and
trinkets and cuff her. Then someone slams her into an
armchair, and the questions begin again.

"Who are you?" It's the "gentleman's" voice, but
rougher, and all steel now.

"Who are you?" Amanda answers back, nearly laugh-
ing.

"Answer me. Who are you?"

"Why do you want to know?" she asks, ready to play the
game for hours.

"Michael?"

"I'm not touching her." This voice is very low, rum-
bling across the room like a tiny earthquake. "She reeks of
it. We should kill her and leave. Now."

ae Prelude 5


"Michael, we need to know," says another. The voice
is thin and reedy and is soon lost in the pitch-black
darkness.

An exasperated sigh fills the room. Amanda feels
movement behind her and a curved blade at her throat.
The ice fear returns, and her muscles tighten against her
will.

"Who are you, and who do you work for?" the "gentle-

man" $ again.

" With a start, she realizes
the name she picks out of thin air is the same name he had
called her. But even in the wash of remory, she speaks
carefully, trying to hold her throat as still as possible,

hoping the lies will pass.by him.

"Jane Carter. I'm free lan

"That's better. And why are— " He stops as the door
slams open.

The tiny silhouette in the doorway stands poised foran
instant, uncertain, and then fumbles for the light switch.

"He's dead," says the shadow, and the overhead light
reveals her: a small girl with an elfin pointed chin, honey-
dark skin and flinty, flashy eyes. Her movements are sharp
and light, and her every gesture sends her short brown locks
twitching around her face. Behind her stands a sleekly
muscled man witha gray fedora anda dark blue suit. He eyes
the child— if child she is— uncomfortably, and scratches
at his shirt collar as he speaks.

6 The Book of Shadow

: The Mage Players Guide

"Well, not yet, actually. But— "

all ftom
Cerberus. Her people. She's that old guy's new apprenti
just with her hair changed and her face made up. She's
practically an Adept. She got him, David. You missed it."
The girl looks past the man in the tuxedo to Amanda. "It
was the wine, wasn't it?"

"But I saw the ambulance people, and they'

"Yes." Amanda's voice is steady, but her glance darts
around the room looking for exits, for holes in the cage
closed round her. There are no windows, and only one door
that she can see. Her gaze settles on her captor, David,
trying to gauge his reaction, but by then, his face shows
nothing. Slowly, she tries to move her neck far enough to

see the man behind her, but the blade presses close, warn-
ingly.

"And you missed it, David."

"I'm sorry." He sits down on the edge of the bed, tries
to catch her eyes. "But what —"

"Why did you do it?" The girl advances on Amanda.,
"Why? What gives you the right to come here and do this?"
Her face is bleached with anger, and tears of fury stream
down it like rain.

"His life was already over. I only ended it." But even
relying on the new rock-hard core of certainty in her heart,
she finds it difficult to face down this accuser.


Ee

"How do you know? You're just a student like the rest
of us. How do you know?"

"He withered everything he touched... his corruption
was—"

"Do you know that? Or did they tell you that? Your
people only destroy things, and they never give any real
reasons. They never give anything back or ask anybody else
if what they destroy is important. Now he's dead." Amanda
stares, unsure and shaken, and finds nothing to say.

The blade leaves her throat, and she sees its owner for
the first time as he crosses to the girl's side. In silence, the
swarthy, disheveled teenager puts one hand very gently on
her shoulder and speaks to her quietly. The man with the
gray fedora stands near them like an old friend at a funeral,
guarding the mourners from further grief. David, watching
all three, clears his throat.

"Well." He turns to Amanda. "Look... I also think that
motherfu..." He hesitates, looking at his youngest col-
league— "...that man you've just... recycled... was a waste
of... spit. But we needed that bastard downstairs alive and

where he was, so that his wife's lover would stop the ~

Wellesley Parks development bill from reaching the State
Senate. But no one ever consults us in these matters.
Obviously." He rises quickly to his feet. "Shit."

"Xia?" The little girl turns to him. "You said the
ambulance was already here? We need to move. That
bastard will be D.O.A. or worse. The police will be slow to
show up at Anne's place, and Big Brother is probably
already on the way. Thank God Anne hates computers...
oh, hello, Anne."

A statuesque blonde in evening dress and elaborate,
sophisticated makeup comes striding through the door,
clutching a sheaf of papers in one hand and a fountain pen
in the other. David flushes, but turns and addresses her
brightly. "Thank God you hate computers."

"That's not the only thing I hate." She speaks quickly
and quietly, but her clipped, near-monotone only lends the
words greater bite. "What kind of shit are you trying to pull
here, Cho? They're carting one of my customers, one of my
upstairs customers, away, and all Marilyn can say is that you
and this bitch practically fell on him ten minutes before the
convulsions started."

"I'm sorry, Anne. We tried to stop it, I swear, but Pll
explain later."

"I don't want later, I want now. Before the Black Hats
and Mirrorshades show up."

David Cho turns to his prisoner. "Jane —"

"Amanda." She doesn't know why she says it.

"Amanda. What was your exit route?"

"Cho! Have you heard a single damn thing I've said to
you?" Still ignored, the blonde throws her papers at him.
." Amanda hesitates in the wash of fury radiating
from the older woman. "I was just going to walk out before
he collapsed. It's a relatively slow poison."

a

"That's no good." He frowns, closes his eyes for a
moment. "They'll be slowest around the back. I think we
can use the laundry exit... I'll need the keys to the needle
gate, Anne."

"Forget it. I need you here if I'm going to have the cops
in this place."

"Anne. Please. You know it won't just be the cops."

And, as Amanda watches, the woman's face darkens,
new lines revealing themselves in the shadows around her
eyes. One side of her mouth grimaces, as if she were lost in
some painful memory. When she speaks, she seems older...
but the young assassin finds it to be a strange improvement.

"Allright. Take them. But this is for the kid. Not you."

He nods. "But I'll recruit you yet, Anne darling. Choir-
boy, get the cuffs off of Lucretia Borgia here." A calm-eyed,
grayish man appears in the far corner and walks toward her.
"And you, Amanda, behave yourself, or we may forget how
principled we are."

The gray man bends over her with the key and holds
her wrists gently to unlock her bonds.

"Hold still," he whispers, "if you please. And may I
suggest that you do nothing whatsoever to provoke my
friend Michael, there."

"Why do you care?" she says, as Anne harangues David
and David addresses the others.

"J, in the singular sense, of course, feel that in time we
shall all be both less and more than we now permit and that
these disparate portions of ourselves shall no longer oppose
each other." He helps her to her feet.

"What?"

"We of the Traditions are allies, are we not? Even on
the edge of ruin, we acknowledge the darkness that is our
common foe." He reaches into his charcoal-colored coat
and brings forth her foci and a further brace of knives,
which he hands to her. "You can use these, can you not?"

"Yea?

"Then follow close behind us, and may We who are the
One bless our common venture."

And from each in the room there came the same
mumbled response.

"Amen."

Prelude it



Tell me a tale, a parable, an illumination. Speak to me of
truths hidden in metaphor and secrets glimpsed behind a fleeting

image. Give me a hard crust of fantasy to nibble on. It's so much
more palatable than the dry waybread of conventional wisdom.

Astonish me.

— Hapsburg, Orphan Seer

A Book of Shadows is a road map to
enlightenment, a journal of progress upon
the Path of magick. In it, the practitioner
charts her journey from initiation to under-
standing by using anecdotes, tales, lessons,
rites and reflections. The Book of Shadows:
The Mage Players Guide is no Book of
Shadows in the truest sense, but it will hope-
fully provide some guidance and inspiration

to Mage players and Storytellers alike.

There are few easy answers within these pages, but
many possibilities. Much of the information contained
herein takes the form of stories, parables imparting truth as
seen from many different points of view. Some of these tales
may raise more questions than they answer, but for Mage,
this is only appropriate. If reality is malleable, then there
are many truths from which to choose. Solid answers limit
possibility.

Introduction


Through stereotypes and popular mis-

conceptions, the nature of a mage has been

reduced to spell-casting and lab-tinkering.

The methods of some mages have been per-

ceived as the meaning behind their practices.

Before we begin, let's take a look at the
sence behind the facade.

The Mage

Each mage is, to himself or herself, a hero in the truest
sense of the word, stepping out from the mass of humanity
to follow an elevated Path. This is as true of the Technoc-
racy and Nephandias it is for the wizards of the Traditions;
each faction simply follows a different Path towards a
different goal. Many along the way get sidetracked and
wander down the road of hubris, the fatal pride that comes
with insight into the truth and power beyond mortal vision.

The mage does not simply cast magick spells; he or she
becomes magick personified, transcending the boundaries
of what is believed possible. A mage— any true mage—
alters reality by simply becoming aware.

The Vision

The different mage factions perceive their place in the
larger whole differently. For the Traditions, that Path
includes gathering all the souls of humanity, all the Avatars

of humanity, and leading them towards some common goal
(about which they all disagree). To the Technocracy, the
Path of the common good involves making reality safe for
the Masses— controlled, protected and guided by the
Technocracy's higher vision. The Nephandi, it is rumored,
seek to polarize light and darkness into their purest forms so
that the strongest might overcome the weakest and bring
unification through conquest; the Marauders, some be-

lieve, seek to shape all creation into a dynamic ball of
endless possibilities. Each mage has a vision; the Ascension
War revolves around these different goals and the means to
achieve them.

The Path

Some mages speak of the guiding forces behind the
Paths; many see these forces as cosmological entities, while
others view themas forces of existence, scientific principles
or shifting essences of never-ending creation. Many spend
lifetimes trying to define these forces, while others just
chuck the whole deal and simply struggle for survival or
strive for power. Nevertheless, each individual, whether
mage or mortal, has occasional glimpses of the Big Picture.
Mages are simply closer to grasping the "answer" (assuming
that there is one). Through this insight, all mages are
dynamic, guiding creation forward just by existing. Magick
powers are only a side-effect of this condition.

The War

To the calmer mind, each Path assumes some function
in the balance of creation. Most mages, however, are
anything but calm. With enlightenment comes the cer-
tainty that each chosen road to Ascension is the only right
one; with this certainty comes conflict, sometimes subtle,
often deadly.

Conflict is dynamic; without struggle, creation stag-
nates. The intensity of the Ascension War, however,
grinds mages and Sleepers alike beneath a Wheel gone
wild. Each faction holds to its vision with a determination
that rends the fabric of creation's Tapestry and crushes the
souls of everyone involved. Now the balance is lost; the
Wheel wobbles, the Tapestry frays. Welcome to the World
of Darkness.

A Guide: How to Ose this Book

The Book of Shadows is broken down
into Books instead of chapters. Each Book
contains material of interest to Mage players:

Book One: The Gifts of Awakening—
Traits

This Book includes new Abilities, Ar-
chetypes and Backgrounds, plus Merits and
Flaws, an optional spice for Mage characters.

Book Two: Faces of Magick— Portraits

This Book details the various mage factions through
their own eyes and presents the lost Tradition of the AhL-
i-Batin.

Book Three: The Book of Rules — Systems

In this Book, Mage players and Storytellers will find
new rules for foci, talismans, study points, familiars, child
mages and the Akashic art of Do, as well as a quick-and-
dirty system for magick and clarification of many gray areas
of the Mage rules.

Book Four: The Magick Toybox — Equipment

The Book presents a collection of rotes, talismans and
more mundane equipment for the well-equipped Mage
character.

Book Five: The Fragile Path — Parables

This series of tales illuminates aspects of the Path of
the mage: Seekings, Quintessence, the mentor/apprentice
relationship, two opposing views of the end of the Mythic


Age and the rise of the Technocracy, and more. Unlike Book Six: Guiding Words — Council
simple essays, these parables illustrate Mage in action and Words of wisdom to Mage players and Storytellers
flesh out the world of the Awakened through the experi- alike.

ences of the mage.

A Momentary Dash of Reason

Though many aspects of the game are __ with food for thought in your Mage chronicle; we at White
vorld beliefs and metaphysics, Wolf would like to inspire roleplayers to expand their
t's fiction. Period. You won't horizons beyond the dungeon-crawl, but that's as far as it

WN find lost secrets of arcane lore or authentic oes. Mage is a game. That's all.

YOR 1 ge is ag

GA) || Portrayals of occult doctrine here. Hopefully, Enter freely and of your own will. Enjoy.
— { your troupe will find entertainment mixed

Introduction



Compensate me

Animate me

Complicate me

Elevate me

— Rush, "Animate"

This Book contains Traits for Mage char-
acters: new Abilities and Backgrounds, as
well

sa new Trait category, Merits and
Flaws. These Traits may be used to build new
characters or to spice up existing ones, with
the Storyteller's approval.

be

An important distinction separates
) mages from their "partners" in the World of
Darkness: mages are mortal. They bleed. They
age. They die easily compared to regenerating Garou or
immortal Kindred. Without powerful combat magicks,

mages must rely on their savvy, cleverness and esoteric
knowledge to survive head-to-head encounters with other
Awakened. A range of Abilities, coupled with good sense
and wise use of magick, enable mages to compete with the
many forces arrayed, more often than not, against them.
The usual rules for character creation still apply in
regard to these offerings. Many of these Merits, Flaws and
Abilities originated in Werewolf or Vampire, although
many have been reworked to apply to mages. Storytellers

and players should feel free to allow or disallow any or all of

these Traits in their games.


With no words, with no song
You can dance the dream with your body on
And this curve, is your smile
And this cross, is your heart
And this line, is your path
— Kate Bush, "The Red Shoes"

The following are new Abilities you can
use in any Storyteller game. They describe
some es he limitless abilities your character can take and
can help define your character. Some of these Abilities may
seem less significant and useful than the more general
abilities described in Mage. Some are sub-categories of
more general abilities. For example, you might want to
make a character roll Dexterity + Athletics when firing a
bow rather than introducing the Archery skill. It is up to
the Storyteller whether any of the Abilities listed here can
be purchased.

Talents

Artistic Expression

You have the talent to produce works of art in various
media. You can produce saleable works of two- or three-
dimensional art and understand something of the technical
aspects of paintings and sketches. You are able to sketch a
reasonably accurate rendition of a place or person.

. Novice: Your work is simple, seen as charm-
ingly naive by some and as amateurish by others.

oe Practiced: Your work could win prizes at local
art society shows.

eee Competent: You could get a showing in a
minor gallery.

eeee Expert: Your work is widely admired, and
galleries contact you about exhibitions. You are invited to
teach at local art colleges.

eeeee Master: You are acknowledged as a driving
force in contemporary art. Your work commands enormous
prices and is found in art museums as well as commercial
galleries and private collections.

Possessed by: Artists, Commercial Illustrators, Car-
toonists, Police Artists, Forgers, Woodworkers, Theatre
and Movie Set Builders, Special Effects Technicians, Model
Makers

Specialties: Oils, Watercolors, Mixed Media, Char-
coal, Sketching, Caricature, Lighting Artist, Impressionist,
Photo-Realism, Abstract, Miniatures, Stone, Resin, Wood,
Metals, Classical, Kinetic, Models, Decoration

Blatancy

You specialize in doing vulgar magick in plain sight and
having Sleepers accept it. You may be a stage magician with

14 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

a large following or a faith healer who prepares the faithful to
accept miracles. Or you may just appear to be so weird and
outlandish that compared to yourself, the things you do are
mundane. This Talent can be combined with Manipulation
to make Sleepers view vulgar magick as coincidental. Note
that this Talent only works under the right circumstances;
throwing fireballs down Main Street would be considered
vulgar no matter what the cover might be.

. Novice: It's amazing how you pull gold bricks
out of people's ears. How do you do that trick?
ee Practiced: Only a weirdo would tape rubber

bat wings toa cat and throw it out the window. Good thing
it landed okay. Someone should call the Humane Society.
eee Competent: The giant robot in your garage is
really neat, and the kids love watching it walk around when
you hook up the rubber brain in the jar. Would you consider
letting the school use it for their Haunted House?
.

¢ Expert: Mrs. Wilson is on the roof again with
her broomstick. It's really sad how she's gotten since her
husband died. Poor woman. I think she really thinks she's
awitch. But would you explain to the children that what we
saw was just the wind and that we did not see her flying?
Master: I'm a toad! Cool! Give me another
hit of that stuff, man. This trip is really funky.

Possessed by: Stage Magicians, Neighborhood
Weirdoes, Hermits, Crazy People, Gurus, Party Animals,
Nannies

Specialties: Gadgets, Conjuring Tricks, Religious
Miracles, Drug Trips

Carousing

This is the ability to havea good time ata party or other
social occasion while making sure others around you also
have a good time. It involves a mixture of eating, good
cheer, and drinking without making a fool out of yourself.
On a successful roll of Manipulation + Carousing, the
character can make a lasting good impression on everyone
around him; this can be helpful if the mage is trying to make
friends, garner information or distract the attendees while
his cabal rifles through the coat room. The difficulty of the
roll depends on the social event: three or less for a house
party with a buffet, seven or more for a sit-down dinner.

. Novice: Good ol' Uncle Bill

oe Practiced: Jake the Frat Rat

eee Competent: James Bond
Expert: The Three Musketeers

eeeee Master: Bluto in "Animal House"

Possessed by: Actors, Dilettantes, College Students,
Vampires

Specialties: Sexual Innuendo, Bon Mots, Lewd Jokes,
Drinking, Exaggeration, Anecdotes


Diplomacy

You have the ability to handle negotiations. Even
when handling touchy subjects, you are able to get results
without ruffling too many feathers. You are skilled at
mediating disputes and discussing delicate subjects. You
get along with others without overt manipulation and
without letting your own aims fall by the wayside. This
Ability involves a knowledge of the formal rules of give-
and-take, as well as the official cultural rules of conduct and
politeness.

. Novice: You can iron out schoolyard dis-
putes.

oe Practiced: Friends ask you to deal with things
for them.

eee Competent: You could shine in management
or personnel.

eee Expert: You could be a professional union

negotiator or ombudsman.
oe

© Master: You can defuse nearly any situation,
from an industrial dispute to a religious war.

Possessed by: Schoolteachers, Union Negotiators,
Politicians, Tycoons, Diplomats, Personnel Officers, Coun-
selors

Specialties: Mediation, Negotiation, Etiquette, Inter-
national Relations, Industry, Personal Relationships, Tact

Fortune Telling

You may or may not have the gift to tell accurate
fortunes, but you can make people believe you do. This
Ability may prove useful as a plot device, a means for the
character to earn money, or a good cover for Time magick.
While this Talent confers no magick in and of itself, it may
add to your successes; for each two successes, reduce the
difficulty of divination magick by 1.

° Novice: You are able to use one method of
divination adequately and treat this Ability as a pastime.

oo Practiced: You can use one method of for-
tune telling well and can tell someone general information
that will apply to her.

eee Competent: You know a lot about certain
methods of fortune telling and can tell anyone detailed
information that will be applicable.

Expert: You are able to use multiple methods
well and have a keen understanding of what people want to,
hear.

oo

© Master: Gypsies take lessons from you.
Possessed by: Gypsies, Psychics, Professional Fortune
Tellers, New Agers
Specialties: Tarot Cards, Prophecy, Romance, Death,
Palmistry, I Ching, Goat Entrails

Instruction

You have a talent for passing on information and skills
to others. You might have worked as a teacher, or as a
Chantry Mentor. Either way, you can explain things and
demonstrate techniques in such a way that anyone who
listens to you can learn easily. You can teach any of your
Skills or Knowledges to another character, but you can
never raise a student's score above your own. For example,
if you have three dots in Occult, you cannot teach someone
enough to raise her Occult Knowledge to four dots.

For the time it takes to raise a student's skill, roll your
Manipulation + Instruction against a difficulty of (11
minus the student's Intelligence). One roll may be made
per month of teaching. The number of successes is the
number of experience points the student can apply toward
that skill. Example: Fabian Renalds is trying to teach
Wyndi Blacksin the social intricacies of modern art (Cul-
ture Knowledge). Wyndi's pretty sharp (Intelligence 3), so
the difficulty for Fabian's roll is 8.

A student may become too discouraged or distracted
with other things to pay attention to his teacher. There-
fore, the student may have to spend a Willpower point (at
the Storyteller's discretion) to keep at his studies. Frequent
interruptions can cost a student a number of Willpower
points, or maybe they'll just prevent him from learning
anything (in which case, the teacher might withdraw her
services).

With the Storyteller's approval, a person can teach
some Talents, such as Brawl or Dodge. In these cases, it is
good to roleplay some of the training sessions. Get a few
good licks in on the student and see if he learns anything
from it. Talents such as Empathy or Alertness cannot be
taught— they must be learned the hard way.

. Novice: You can take simple concepts (e.g.
basic arithmetic) and present them in an interesting and
digestible manner.

oe Practiced: You can teach moderately com-

plex subjects (such as algebra) and make your lessons
straightforward and interesting.
Competent: You can teach any subject of
which you have Knowledge, up to high-school level sub-
jects. You can make differential calculus sound like the
simplest thing in the world.

coos

Expert: Learning from you is scarcely an
effort. You could teach irrational-number theory or
Sumerian cuneiform to almost anyone.

Master: You are an inspiring teacher who
bestows a touch of greatness on anyone who studies with
you.

Possessed by: Mentors, Teachers, Do Masters, Profes-
sors, People from All Walks of Life

Specialties: Metaphysics, Tradition Practices, Cus-
toms and Laws, University, Skills, Knowledges

Book One: Gifts of Awakening


Interrogation

Youare able to extract information from people by fair
means or foul. Using a mixture of threats, trickery and
persistent questioning, you ultimately unearth the truth.
This is a common skill among the Men in Black.

. Novice: Nosy neighbor
Practiced: Movie cop
Competent: Talk-show host
Expert: Investigative journalist

© Master: Spymaster

Possessed by: Cops, Journalists, Secret Service Per-
sonnel, Inquisitors

Specialties: Good Cop/Bad Cop, Threats, Trickery,
Moral Blackmail

Intrigue

You know the finer points of plotting and deal-making
in the halls of power. You understand the practical use of
power (in sometimes threatening but always non-confron-
tational ways) to achieve your own ends. This Talent also
allows you to glean important facts about others in your
social circle and separate truth from the endless amounts of
false and useless gossip.

. Novice: Wiseguy

oe Practiced: Confidant
: PAC lobbyist
Expert: Vampire

eeeee Master: Big Wheel in Doissetep.

Possessed by: Chantry Masters, Technocracy Sympo-
sium Regulars

¢e% — Competen
seas

Specialties: Gossiping, Feigning Ignorance, Threats,
Plotting, Rumormongering, Alliances, Betrayals

Mimicry

You have a versatile voice and can imitate accents,
people and some other sounds. You can use this talent to
entertain and deceive. With enough talent, almost any sort
of sound can be created— the larynx is an amazingly
flexible organ. This can be very useful when dealing with
voice-keyed security systems or computers, but only if the
practitioner is extremely skillful.

. Novice: You can manage a few accents pass-
ably and do impressions of a couple of well-known
personalities.

Practiced: You can doa range of accents well
enough to fool anyone but a native speaker and imitate a
range of celebrities. You can do basic bird calls and some
predatory animal sounds.

eee Competent: You could do celebrity imper-
sonations on stage. You can pick up someone's vocal
mannerisms by studying her for a couple of hours and
imitate her well enough to fool anyone but a close friend.
You can produce many mammal and bird sounds.

16 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

eeee Expert: Youcan imitate a specific person well

enough to fool someone on the phone, and pass as a native
speaker in an accent close to your own. You can do a wide
range of animal and technological noises.

@eeee Master: You can imitate almost any accent,
person, animal or noise.

Possessed by: Dreamspeakers, Cultists of Ecstasy,
Hunters, Comedians, Men in Black, HIT Marks

Specialties: Accents, Celebrities, Birds and Animals,
Mechanical Sounds, Vocal Impersonation

Scan

Youare practiced at noticing small details and changes
in the environment when you purposely look at or listen to
what is going on around you. This Ability can only be used
when you specifically say you are attempting to notice if
anything is amiss. If you aren't concentrating, this Ability
will do you no good.

. Novice: If anyone notices police sirens, it's
you.

oe Practiced: The police should use your detec-
tive abilities.

eee Competent: The slightest motion draws your
attention.

eee Expert: Nothing escapes your glance.

e@eeee Master: You can count the grains of salt ona
pretzel— by taste.

Possessed by: Detectives, Gls, FBI Agents, Body-
guards, Night Watchmen
Keeping Watch, Quick Scan, Listening,

Scrounging

You have a knack for finding almost anything under
almost any circumstances. The masters of your craft could
find a hot spring at the North Pole or a mainframe com-
puter in the heart of the Amazon Jungle, if necessary. In the
city, you know where to find almost any kind of item or
service— no questions asked. (It's amazing what you can
find in dumpsters...)

. Novice: You can find basic equipment and
services, such as drugs, illegal weapons and hired thugs.

ee Practiced: You can get hold of a vehicle, a
forged passport or a skilled wiretapper.

eee Competent: You can find an aircraft and
pilot or a hitman at an hour's notice.

eeee Expert: Youcan find state-of-the-art military
hardware, any vehicle you desire and services better imag-
ined than described.

#06 Master: You could probably find a rent-con-
trolled apartment overlooking Central Park for $100 a
month.

Possessed by: Criminals, Intelligence Operatives,
Entrepreneurs, Hollow Ones


Specialties: Illegal Goods, Vehicles, Services, Art,
Technical Equipment, Magickal Tomes

Search

You know how best to go about looking for someone or
something in a small area where you can concentrate your
perceptions. You can search for anything from a lost ring in
your bedroom to the a
garden.

assin who might be hiding in your

° Novice: You are good at finding lost items.

ee Practiced: Tell-tale signs (e.g. broken plants,
footprints) are apparent to you.

eee Competent: You know where to look.
Expert: Trained professionals defer to your

Master: Sherlock Holmes was an amateur.

Possessed by: Detectives, Ingenious Servants, Police-
men, Prison Guards, Men in Black

Specialti
Concealed Doors

sounds, Woodwork, Small Objects, People,

Seduction

You know how to lure, attract and command the
attention of others in a sexual manner. By the way you hold
yourself, how you look at someone and even by the tone of
your voice, you are able to arouse and excite those upon

OQ

by 5

i

; (i

se

|

whom you practice your wiles. Once you have fully seduced
someone, he will be willing to do nearly anything for you.
. Novice: Teenager

oe Practiced: The "older woman"
Competent: Heartthrob
Expert: Mov
¢¢ Master: The envy of vampires everywhere

Possessed by: Thespians, Escorts, Cultists of Ecstasy,
Good-for-Nothing Men, Strippers, Progenitor Glamour
Traps

Specialties: Witty Conversation, Opening Lines, In-
nuendo, Alluring Looks

tar

Sense Deception

Over the years, you have developed the ability to know
instinctively when people are not telling you the truth or
not telling you the whole truth. The a way they look,
atone of voice, a movement of the eyes— you can't analyze

it, but it's always there, and your instincts rarely let you
down.

° Novice: Sometimes you can tell, but you still
get suckered— though more rarely than the average person

does.
oe Practiced: It takes a bit of skill to pull the
wool over your eyes.

a

Book One: Gifts of Awakening


Competent: Anyone who can slip one past
you is a highly skilled con artist.

Expert: You could make a living screening
people for security.

eee Master: People whisper behind your back,
and many are nervous talking to you. Your ability is almost
supernatural

Possessed by: Bodyguards, Reporters, Interrogators,
Security Personnel, Detectives, Mothers

Spe Interviews, Investigative, Courtroom,
Technical (Polygraphs)

Style

You may not have been born good-looking, or possessed
of a natural charm, but you know how to dress and make the
most of your appearance

alties

Even if you are not physically

attractive, heads turn because of your dress sense and style.
Note that this Talent only applies to people's reactions to your
appearance; once you get closer, it's up to you.

. Novice: Good taste

oe Practiced: Socialite

eee Competent: Celebrity

eeee Expert: Celebrity advisor

eeeee Master: International model

Possessed by: Socialites, Celebrities, Fashion Profes-
sionals, the Gifted Few

Specialties: Classic, High Fashion, Street Fashion,
Retro, Ethnic

Ventriloquism

You have the ability to throw your voice, making it
appear to come from somewhere else. This talent can be
used for deception as well as entertainment.

. Novice: You could do a ventriloquist act ata
children's party.

Practiced: You could get a gig at a local
amateur vaudeville club. You can make it seem like some-
one standing next to you spoke.

eee Competent: You could almost make a living
from your talent, with occasional TV variety shows break-
ing up the round of cheap clubs and theaters. Youcan make
it look like someone (or something) within five yards of you
spoke.

¢ Expert: You could take your act to Vegas and
headline TV specials of your own. You can make your voice
seem to come from any spot within 30 feet of you.

eeeee Master: Young hopefuls bombard you with
questions, and Variety calls you the savior of a lost vaude-
ville art. You can make your voice seem to come from

anywhere within earshot.

Possessed by: Entertainers, Con Artists, Pranksters,
some Mediums

Specialties: Distance, Clarity, Dummy, Inanimate
Object (e.g. radio)

18 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Skills

Acrobatics

You are a trained tumbler and acrobat able to perform
feats of agility far beyond the capabilities of an untrained
character. For each success with this Skill, a character can
ignore one Health Level of falling damage. For example, a
character with two dots in Acrobatics can fall up to 10 feet

without injury or would take only one Health Level of

damage from a 15-foot fall. This skill may be paired with
Dexterity to roll for leaps and other acrobatic feats.

. Novice: Grade school gym c
** Practiced: High school jock
eee Competent: College team
eoce

Expert: State champion

eeeee Master: Olympic gold medalist

Possessed by: Professional Athletes, Jocks, Martial
Artists, Dancers

Specialtie:
Jumping/Falling

Sport, Martial Arts, Dance, Enhanced

Animal Training
You are able to train animals to obey commands and
possibly perform tricks or other feats
different specialty.
. Novice: Heel, Fetch, Sit, Stay
oe Practiced: Local shows
eee Competent: Champion sheep dogs

Each species is a

eeee Expert: Elite police dogs
eeeee Master: Circus/stunt animals
Possessed by: Dog Handlers, Movie Animal Wran-

glers, Circus Animal Trainers, Marauders, Verbena

Specialties: Dog, Horse, Elephant, Seal, Dragon,
Hellhound, Familiar

Archery

You know how to fire a bow, and may be able to do so
with great proficiency. Bows fire wooden shafts, making
them good weapons against vampires.

. Novice: High School Gym Practice
oe Practiced: Forest Bow Hunter

ooo Competent: Medieval Ranger
eoee

Expert: Will usually hit a bull's eye.
* Master: Robin Hood
Possessed by: Hunters, Dreamspeakers, Hobby En-
thusiasts, Competitors, Medieval Recreationists, Beginning
Zen Archers

Specialties: Arched Flight, Forests, Target, Hunting,
Kyudo Technique, Crossbows, Primitive Archery, Moving
Targets

Blind Fighting

Even when unable to see your foes, you can use your
Brawl or Melee Abilities with a reduced penalty or no
penalty. This Skill may also be of great use out of combat.
It should be noted that this Skill does not grant any actual
ability to see better in darkness. For each dot the character
has in this Skill, reduce the difficulty for performing actions
while blind by one. (Naturally, the difficulty can never be
reduced below its unhindered equivalent.) This Skill does
not add to Correspondence sensory effects.

. Novice: You don't stub your toe in the dark.

Practiced: You can pinpoint the direction
from which sounds come.

¢ Competent: You can fight and predict your
enemies' locations at the same time.

eeee Expert: You can almost "feel" where your
$ are.

© Master: You possess an almost mystical
sense— Zen and the Art of Spatial Awareness.

Possessed by: Ninja, As
ers, Masters of Zen Archery

sins, Do Masters, Spelunk-

Specialties: Dodging, Punching, Indoors, Dueling,
Multiple Foes

Camouflage

You can change your appearance through a mixture of
clothing, makeup and movement, rendering you difficult
tospot ina variety of different surroundings. This is not the
ability to look like someone else, but simply to hide.

° Novice: Boy Scout
Practiced: Infantry trooper
Competent: Marine

¢ Expert: Special Forces

eeeee Master: Ninja

Possessed by: Hunters, Military Personnel, Spies,
ins, Poachers

Specialties: Woods, Mountains, Urban, Open Coun-
try, Arctic

Climbing

You can climb mountains and/or walls and seldom
have any fear of falling. The technical skills of chimneying,
spike-setting and rappelling are all well-known to you,
although, depending on your skill, you may be good or
indifferent at them. Remember, mountain climbing at
night is far more difficult than a daylight climb unless you
can see in the dark.

. Novice: You can scale easy mountains or
walls with handholds.

oe Practiced: You go on mountaineering vaca-
tions. You can climb heavily weathered stone or brick
walls.


eee Competent: You work in an "outdoor pur-
's center" as a mountaineering instructor. You can climb
moderately rough stone or brick walls.

Expert: You've done at least a couple of
famous peaks. You can free-climb a fairly smooth stone or
brick wall.

eeeee Master: Everest and K2 are mild hikes. You

-climb the World Trade Center.

sed by: Mountaineers, Burglars, Enthusiasts
Specialties: Cliffs, Hiking, Ice, Buildings, Free-Climb-
ing, Rappelling

Crafts

With this Skill, you can master artisan techniques—
woodworking, leather work, glassblowing, gemcutting, etc.
You can make functional objects from various substances,
with quality dependent on the successes you roll. Each type
of material you can work must be bought as a separate
specialty.

. Novice: High-school shop class

oe Practiced: Apartment handyman
Competent: Professional
Expert: Specialist

Master: Grand artisan
Possessed by: Craftsman, Renaissance-Faire Vendors,
Hobbyi
Specialties: Cooking, Carpentry, Blacksmithing,
Leatherworking, Jewelry, Brewing/Distillery, Glassworking,
Stonemasonry

, Handymen

Demolitions

You have a knowledge of explosives and demolitions
that allows you to set off and build all types of bombs. You
know how to handle nearly anything— dynamite, plastic
explosive, nitroglycerin, black powder, blasting cord, even
napalm. Additionally, you know the techniques for disarm-
ing explosives, which can come in very handy.

. Novice: Guy Fawkes

** Practiced: Leroy Moody

eee Competent: Underground Chemist

eeee Expert: Blows up Technocracy Constructs
for a living.

eeeee Master: Bye-bye, Pentagon.

Posse:

ed by: Terrorists, Police Bomb Squads, Armed
Forces Personnel, Anarchists, War Chantry Cabals

Specialties: Dynamite, Plastic Explosive, Car Bombs,
Disarmament, Detection, Forces Effects

Disguise
You can change your appearance— and even make
yourself look like another specific person— through the use
up.
. Novice: Good enough to fool someone who
knows neither you nor the person you're impersonating.

20 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

of clothes and mal


ee Practiced: Good enough to fool some of the
People conte of che time.
eee

Competent: Good enough to fool some of the
people most of the time.

eeee Expert: Good enough to fool most of the
people most of the time.

eo

* Master: Good enough to fool those nearest
and dearest to you most of the time.

Possessed by: Actors, Spies, Undercover Cops, Crimi-
nals, Con Artists

Specialties: Specific Person, Type of Person, Conceal
Own Identity

Dancing

You are a proficient dancer, and may perform socially
or for the entertainment of others. You are familiar with
most varieties of dance, but specialize in one particular
style.

° Novice: You can manage a waltz at a wedding.

oe Practiced: You draw envious glances at wed-
dings. You could perform on the local amateur stage.
Competent: You are the talk of the ball. You
could perform on the local professional stage.
Expert: People ask you to teach them. You
could perform on TV.

eeeee Master: Nijinsky, Fonteyn, Nureyev,
Barishnikov, Astaire, Rogers, Kelley— and you.

Possessed by: Socialites, Pop Stars, Music Video Danc-
ers, Ballet Dancers, Enthusiasts, Dreamspeakers

Specialties: Waltz, Jazz, Two-step, Foxtrot, Disco,
Latin, Show, Ballet, Ethnic, Tribal, Ecstatic

Do

Do is the most basic and rudimentary of all martial arts
forms. Taught and utilized by the Akashic Brotherhood,
Doaccesses the human body's ultimate potential. This skill
is required to practice Do maneuvers. (See Book Three for
more details about Do.) This is an exceptionallytare and
powerful skill and can only be learned from an Akashic
Brother. Beginning characters may not start with more
than two dots in Do; higher levels may be purchased only
with experience and training.

Ratings of knowledge in Do are usually noted as part of a
person's name; each title is based upon a stratum of animals
who possess the conceptual instincts of that rank of Do
training. As the student advances, he eventually achieves the
strata of humanity again. But this time, he has gained a
knowledge of what the human body actually is and how to
operate it to its ultimate potential. These names are only
mentioned among members of the Akashic Brotherhood.

¢ Insect (grasshopper, gnat, worm, etc.): As an
initiate in the teachings of Do, you can swing your arms and
legs about with some efficiency.

ee Reptile (snake or lizard): When you become a true
student of Do, you begin to become one with your body.

¢ Four-Footed (tiger, leopard, horse, dragon,
etc.): You have begun to specialize in a certain style of Do.
You realize that there is a hidden potential inside of all
men. You can sense an underlying current of energy be-
neath your physical form.

¢ eee Bipedal (monkey, ape, bear, etc.): Asa Master,
you can move your body through the simplest motion to
any goal or exert a tremendous amount of force by drawing
upon the design of the human body.

¢¢eee True Humanity: Honored Master or Enlight-
ened One. All things have strengths and weaknesses. All
things are built and can be destroyed. The peaceful mind is
more effective than the cluttered one, for it is easier to
think than it is not to think.

Possessed by: Members of the Akashic Brotherhood,
inspired Oriental Monastic Priests, highly advanced mar-
tial arts practitioners

Specialties: Punch, Kick, Throw, Dodge, External,
Internal, etc.

Escapology

You are skilled in various techniques that enable you
to escape from bonds and restraints. This skill is often used
for entertainment, but can also be useful in real life.

. Novice: Children's party entertainer. Can
escape from loose or poorly-tied bonds.

oe Practiced: Amateur entertainer. Can escape
from fairly well-tied bonds.

eee Competent: Professional entertainer. Can
escape from handcuffs and chains.

eeee Expert: Star. Can escape from a straitjacket.

eeeee Master: Legend. Can escape from just about
anything. You would feel safe tied in a sack underwater with
a ticking time-bomb.

Possessed by: Entertainers, Spies, Special Forces,
Amateurs, Pulp Detectives

Specialties: Magic Tricks, Ropes, Boxes, Locks, Un-
derwater, Handcuffs, Showmanship, Arm Locks and Holds

Fast-Draw

This skill allows you to make a weapon ready almost
instantly. By rolling Dexterity + Fast-Draw and getting
three successes, you can draw a weapon and have it ready
for use just as if it had been in your hand all along. The
difficulty depends on how securely stowed the weapon
was— a gun hidden in your underwear is harder to reach
than one in a belt holster! This skill can be used with any
weapon. When appropriate, the Fast-Draw score can be
added to your Initiative roll.

° Novice: You have good reflexes.

Practiced: You're good, but not great.

Competent: You would have lasted a little
while in the Old West. You could work Wild West shows.
You are known among those who follow duels.


eeee Expert: Pretty fast. Your enemies are wary of

your speed in drawing your ebon blade.
os

Master: Greased lightning. You might have
been able to take down Billy the Kid.

Possessed by: Knife-Fighters, Gunfighters, Martial
Artists, Cops, Special Forces, Vigilantes.

Specialties: Knife, Pistol, Sword, Arrow, Rifle/Shot-
gun.

Fast-Talk

This Skill allows you to convince someone of some-
thing using a sincere expression and an avalanche of words
rather than reasoned debate and logic. It's a surprisingly
effective technique, provided that the mark has no time to
think and does not have a Wits rating of four or more. The
Storyteller should carefully judge whether this Skill is
appropriate in a given situation, or whether it would be
better to use some other Ability.

. Novice: Vacuum-cleaner salesman
oo Practiced: Used-car salesman

eee Competent: Professional con artist
Expert: Teflon-coated politician

* Master: You could sell sand to the Saudis.
Possessed by: Salesmen, Con Artists, Politicians,
Televangelists
Specialties: Sell, Confuse, Get Off the Hook, Con-
vince

First Aid

This Skill allows a character to give basic medical
attention to another character. It is not as comprehensive
an Ability as the Medicine Knowledge, but it does allow for
a basic grasp of all the practices of first aid, and, at higher
levels, techniques known to paramedics. With sufficient
skill, this can make vulgar healing appear coincidental.

° Novice: Mother of small children

oe Practiced: Boy Scout

eee Competent: Office safety representative
Expert: School nurse
Master: Paramedic

Possessed by: Mothers, Boy Scouts, Paramedics, Ex-
plorers, Outdoors Types

: CPR, Broken Bones, Artificial Respira-
, Terminology

Gambling

You are adept at one or more games of chance, and can
play without too much risk of losing heavily. You can also
increase your chances of winning without actually cheating.

. Novice: Saturday night poker with the boys

oo Practiced: A couple of weeks in Vegas each year

eee Competent: You are known in Vegas, Reno
and Atlantic City.

eee Expert: You make a living from this, Your
mother despairs.

¢ Master: You have to be careful not to tell
people your name.

Possessed by: Professional Gamblers, Amateur Gam-
blers

Specialties: Card Games, Dice Games, Roulette, One-
Armed Bandits

Gunsmithing

You can repair firearms and produce ammunition for a
variety of different guns. At high levels of skill, you can
construct specialty ammunition, such as caseless, hollow-
point, mercury-tipped or silver bullets. Given the time and
the tools (and enough skill) you can build a gun from
scratch— perhaps even one of your own design.

. Novice: Black powder and paper cartridges

oe Practiced: Cased standard ammunition

eee Competent: Magnum rounds
Expert: Caseless and hollow-point rounds

¢ Master: You name it.

Possessed by: Gun Nuts, Survivalists, Cops, Serial
Killers

Specialties: Black Powder Weapons, Field Repair,
Invention, Magnum and Supercharged Ammunition, Spe-
cialty Ammunition

Heavy Weapons

You have the ability to operate heavy weapons of all
varieties — anything from an M60 heavy machine gun to
a Dragon anti-tank weapon. Additionally, your knowledge
of the weapons includes an ability to repair them.

. Novice: Basic training

oe Practiced: Operator

ooo Competent: Warrior

. Expert: Killer
* Master: Rambo

Possessed by: Mercenaries, Armed Forces Personnel,
HIT Marks, SWAT Officers

Specialties: Desert, Jungle, Night Fighting, Friend
from Foe, Loading

High Ritual

You know how to throw a party or gathering, anything
from wild bacchanalia to a tear-filled memorial service.
You know how to plan and choreograph the entire affair,
down to the last item, making it an event to remember.
Most people think High Ritual is musty robes and candles.
It's not. High Ritual involves consummate showmanship,
capturing the participants' attention and focusing their
will, belief and emotion on the particular task at hand. A
boring ritual makes for disinterested mages, which makes
for sloppy magic. When High Ritual is done correctly, it
looks artless, but it's really the highest form of art. Success-


ful use of this Skill might reduce magickal difficulties by 1,
or possibly more, in addition to any other modifiers, and
could add to Social impressions as well.

. Novice: You can tastefully plan a wedding
reception.
ee Practiced: You give good parties and receive

more acceptances than regrets when people R.S.V.P. The
mood is high at events you hold, whatever that mood might
be.

eee Competent: Your celebrations are becoming
known, and not just in this world. Gatecrashers are a
common occurrence.

eeee Expert: When you choreograph the High
Mass, angels appear in the choir loft, although they won't
be visible to anyone but the gifted. Miracles may occur, and
with far less trouble than they usually do.
© Master: Let the Wild Rumpus Start! When
you give a revel, it is an affair of legend. You were probably
responsible for Woodstock. What are you planning next?

Possessed by: Verbena, Caterers, Political Activists,
Band Managers, Hollywood Producers, Elderly Matrons

Specialties: Weddings, Funerals, Religious Ceremo-
nies, Hermetic Mysteries, Bacchanals, Outdoor Festivals

Hunting

You are skilled at finding and killing animals for food
orsport. In familiar terrain, you are able to predict the type,
number and likely location of food animals and know the
best ways to find and kill them.

. Novice: Weekender

ee Practiced: Enthusiast or Trooper

eee Competent: Survivalist or Marine
Expert: Special Forces

© Master: You give pointers to werewolves.

Possessed by: Survivalists, Military Personnel, Pre-
Industrial Societies, Outdoor Types, Dreamspeakers

Specialties: Temperate Forest, Jungle, Bush/Scrub,
Mountain, Coast, Arctic, Desert

Hypnotism

You can place a subject into a trance and use hypno-
tism to gather information or treat psychiatric problems.
To place a willing subject into trance, make an opposed roll
of your Charisma + Hypnotism against the subject's Intel-
ligence. (For an unwilling subject who is immobilized or
Mind-magicked to comply, use Intelligence + Willpower).
The number of successes indicates the depth of the trance
and can be added to the your Hypnotism to roll for the
success of tasks. For example, a hypnotist with Charisma 4
and Hypnotism 4 hypnotizes a willing subject with Intelli-
gence 5. The hypnotist rolls 5 successes and the subject rolls
2—atotal of 3 successes in the hypnotist's favor, indicating
afairly deep trance. The hypnotist can now roll seven dice
(3 successes plus four dice from Hypnotism 4) to probe the

subject's mind. Using this Skill successfully might reduce
the difficulty of some Mind magicks by 1 or more, depend-
ing on the circumstances.
° Novice: You do it to entertain occasionally.
oe Practiced: You are a skilled amateur.
eco Competent: You can find some interesting
secrets.
eeee Expert: You can dig very deeply.
oo

¢ Master: You can discover secrets from a
subject's Past Lives.
Possessed by: Theurges, Entertainers, Holistic Heal-
ers, New Agers, Police Specialists, Psychiatrists
Specialties: Interrogation, Past-Life Regression,
Hypnotherapy, Behavior Modification

Lockpicking
You are able to open locks without the correct key or
the right combination. Though this Skill is certainly be-
coming more and more obsolete with all the new security
devices in use, there are enough locks still around to make
it worthwhile.

° Novice: Simple mortise locks
** Practiced: Cylinder locks and basic security
locks

eee Competent: Advanced security locks
.

Expert: Safes

° © Master: Fort Knox

Possessed ‘by: Burglars; Safeceackers<Gpies ‘Lock
smiths

Specialties: Key-Operated Locks, Combination Locks,
Mag-Card Locks, Alarm Systems

Misdirection

Misdirection deals with distracting people from what you
are trying to do. By making your subject focus his concentra-
tion elsewhere, you can steer him away from a subject of
interest. The subject of interest could be anything from what
you are doing to an object sitting in plain sight.

Masters of Do are able to utilize successes on
Misdirection rolls to lower the difficulty on their next Do
roll to strike the distracted target. The Do practitioner
throws a feint or false blow. While the opponent is trying
to Dodge or block that blow, the practitioner delivers the
attack that he originally intended to utilize.

. Novice: "Hey, your shoe lace is untied!"

oe Practiced: You're real good at card tricks.

eee Competent: You can make a living at misdi-
recting people.

.

Expert: People give you things and then
forget that they did.

eeeee Master: Strangersforget that they evermet you.
Possessed by: Stage Magicians, Pickpockets, Con Men
Specialties: Theft, Concealment, Leading, Confusion

Book One: Gifts of Awakening


Pilot

You can operate a flying machine. Note that your skill
limits the types of aircraft you can fly. A glider pilot (one
dot) cannot fly a helicopter (requiring four dots).

. Novice:

ee Practiced: Club champion; gliders and small
aircraft only

Club member; hang gliders only

eee Competent: Professional or club instructor;
commercial airplane license

eeee Expert: Military or display pilot; helicopter,
any type of commercial aircraft

eeeee Master: Top Gun

Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Pilots, Military, Police

Specialties: Night Flying, Thermals, Dogfights, Long
Distances, Takeoffs and Landings, Gliders, Helicopters,
Light Planes, Corporate Jets, Commercial/Transport Jets,
Fighter Jets, Vintage Planes, Autogyros, Blimps, Balloons,
Hang Gliders, Microlights

Psychoanalysis

You are skilled in diagnosing and treating mental
ailments without resorting to the use of behavior-altering
drugs. Duringa session of analysis, you may roll Intelligence
+ Psychoanalysis (difficulty of the subject's Intelligence +
3). Keep track of your net successes; the Storyteller will
decide how many successes are necessary to remove the
illness. Even Freud couldn't cure people ina single session,
so be patient! Note that it is possible to treat an unwilling
patient this way, although the difficulty of so doing is equal
to the subject's Willpower + 3.

° Novice: A shoulder to cry on

oe Practiced: Volunteer counselor

coe Competent: Professional counselor

Expert: Qualified psychoanalyst

eeeee Master: Freud

Possessed by: Psychoanalysts, Holistic Healers, Good
Listeners, Counselors, Parents, Teachers, Priests

Specialties: Freudian, Jungian, Humanist, Ericksonian,
Holistic, Wiccan, Childhood, Psychosis, Neurosis, Self,
Sympathy, Terminology, Research

Ride

You can climb onto a riding animal and stand a good
chance of getting where you want to go without falling off,
being thrown or having anything else unpleasant happen
to you. When attempting something difficult, or when
danger threatens, the Storyteller may require a Dexterity +
Ride roll to avoid trouble. This Skill can also be combined
with Mental Attributes to reflect your working knowledge
of the relevant trappings and equipment.

. Novice: Pony club member; dude ranch va-
cations

ee Practiced: Pony club champion; weekend
cowboy

14 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

eee Competent: Pony club instructor; professional
cowboy
. Expert: Showjumping champion; rodeo star

© Master: Stunt rider

.

Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Cowboys, Stunt Riders,
members of pre-industrial societies

Specialties: Bareback, Horse, Mule, Camel, Elephant,
Galloping, Tricks, No Hands

Singing
You can sing over a wide range and use a variety of
styles and techniques. Singing is an extremely lucrative
and popular Skill in the modern age. Though most singers
are amateurs, some make enormous amounts of money.

. Novice: You stand out when the family gath-
ers around the piano.

oe Practiced: You could get lead roles with local
amateur societies or become a lead singer with a garage band.

eee Competent: You could get a choral part on
the professional stage or get a recording contract.

.

Expert: You could get a lead on Broadway or
a record on the charts.

eee Master: They'll be playing your CDs 20 years
from now.

Possessed by: Celestial Chorus Mages, Rock Musi-
cians, Pop Stars, Opera Singers, Drunks

Specialties: Opera, Easy Listening, Ritual, Rock, Mu-
sicals

Speed Reading

Through practice, you have developed the ability to read
and absorb large quantities of written material in a short time.
This is especially useful when the character is doing research
or checking for an obscure reference. It does not, however,
reduce time needed to acquire the benefits of study points.

. Novice: The New York Times in an hour

oe Practiced: A novel in two to three hours

eee Competent: A textbook in two to three hours
Expert: A fat textbook in two to three hours

© Master: War & Peace in two to three hours

Possessed by: Academics, Literary Cri
ists, Researchers

ics, Journal-

Specialties: Technical, Fiction, Newspaper, Research,
Cramming

Swimming

You can keep yourself afloat, at the very least. Normal
swimming speed is 8 yards (plus Dexterity). A swimmer can
increase his speed to 12 yards (plus Dexterity) if he is doing
nothing else that turn. With Swimming skill, a character
can try to swim faster than normal; roll Stamina + Swim-
ming, difficulty 7, and add three yards to your swimming
speed per success (one roll per turn ).


J NTRLEOM SY

. Novice: You can swim.
oe Practiced: You can swim fast, or for extended
periods.

ooo Competent: Instructor/Lifeguard

e Expert: Swim team
ee Master: Olympic gold

Possessed by: Athletes, Lifeguards, Scuba Divers and
almost anyone else

Specialties: Racing, Distance, Sea, Survival, Lifesaving

Torture

You know how to inflict pain. Your ability is so precise
as to beascience. You are capable of interrogating prisoners
through torture and prolonging their suffering, keeping
them barely alive— or undead.

. Novice: You know how to hurt people in
different ways.

oe Practiced: You are good at causing extreme
pain and can keep someone alive for interrogation purposes.

eee Competent: You are equal to a military tor-
turer. You can create extremes of pain most people have
never experienced.

eeee Expert: You are equal to a professional tor-
turer. You are able to get almost any information you want
out of your subject.

@eeee Master: You are an artist, a virtuoso of pain
and suffering.

Possessed by: Military Interrogators, Prison Guards,
Nephandi, Corrupt Euthanatos, Men in Black

Specialties: Exotic Methods, Life Magick Effects, Pro-
longing Life, Pain, Flagellation

Tracking

You can identify the trail of an animal or person and
follow it under most conditions. The difficulty of sucha feat
varies according to the conditions— following fresh tracks
in deep snow is easier than following week-old tracks across
a concrete sidewalk!

. Novice: Boy Scout

e* Practiced: Eagle Scout

©) Competent: Hunter

. Expert: Native American guide

° Master: You thought Samuel Haight was
slow.

Possessed by: Hunters, Survivalists, Special Forces,
Detectives

Specialties: Wolf, Deer, Rock, Urban, Identification

Traps
You know how to set various types of traps according
to the type of game you want to catch.
. Novice: Boy Scout
oe Practiced: Weekend survivalist

Book One: Gifts of Awakening 25


eee Competent: Outdoorsman.
eeee Expert: Mountain man

eeeee Master: "Well done! And I thought dragons
were extinct..."

Possessed by: Trappers, Special Forces, inhabitants of
remote places
Specialtie:

Knowledges
Alchemy

You are familiar with the writings of the classical and
medieval alchemists, and you also have some practical
experience. This Ability is i
edge of Chemistry, in a manner similar to the relationship

Specific Species, Deadfalls, Pits

ndirectly related to the Knowl-

between Astronomy and Astrology. You can interpret
alchemical texts, and you understand the various symbols
d by the alchemists even when you find
them in a non-alchemical context.

and ciphers us

. Novice: A mere dabbler

oe Practiced: Apprentice, probably still depen-
dent on a master for instruction

eee Competent: Journeyman, capable of making
your own way, but with a long road left to travel

eeee Expert: Experienced alchemist, within reach
of the greatest secrets

eeeee Master: One of the true practitioners of the
Craft of Alchemy.

Possessed by: Occultists, Scholars, some Scientists

Specialties: Transmutation, Cosmology, Lapis
Philosophorum

Area Knowledge

You are familiar with an area— its landscape, history,
inhabitants and Sleeper politics. This Knowledge will also
provide a basic "who's who" for the areas around a Chantry
or Construct.

. Novice: You know a fair amount for an out-
sider.

oe Practiced: You may have lived there for a
year or two.

eee Competent: You may have lived there for 5-
10 years.

eeee Expert: You're native born, and never left.

e@eeee Master: You know every stone, stream or
building in the area.

Possessed by: Vigilantes, Guardians of the Sleepers,
Men in Black, Cops

Specialties: History, Geography, Wildlife, Enemies,
Politics, Transportation, Law

Astrology

You know how to compile and interpret a horoscope.
Given the date and time (and, according to some systems,
the place) of a person's birth, you can construct a person-
ality profile and a set of predictions about the likely course
of his life. Whether you actually believe these revelations
is a matter of personal taste, but you can present them ina
convincing and pleasing manner to those who do believe.
This Knowledge does not confer any type of magickal
ability.

. Novice: You merely dabble.

Q Practiced: Friends ask you to make horo-
-opes for them.

Competent: You could run a small astrology
business.

Expert: You could have a syndicated newspa-
per column.

eeeee Master: You could work for celebrities and
politicians

Possessed by: Astrologers, Amateurs, Mystics, New
Agers, Old Hippies
Specialties: Solar Horoscope, Ming Shu, Zu Wei

Chantry Politics

Youknow some of the ins and outs of Chantry alliances
and relations— an important thing when acting as an
emissary, seeking refuge or seeking access to rare texts or
rotes. This Knowledge gives youa "scorecard" for the varied
players in the convoluted world of the Chantry. Cranky
Masters may be impressed with a newcomer who knows her
way around; an agenda can be forwarded if one knows the
right (or wrong) person to approach. A related but separate
Knowledge, Construct Politics, works in a similar fashion
for Technocracy strongholds. A Tradition mage who knows
the power structure of a Construct would be a dangerous
opponent. Note that the Chantry Politics Knowledge in-
volves knowing people and factions; actually putting this
knowledge to use involves other Abilities, such as Intrigue
and Diplomacy.

. Novice: You know a few names and a few
places.
. Practiced: You're familiar with places you've

eee ~~ Competent: You know who's who and what's

eeee Expert: "I know just the person you need!
He's in the Bermuda Triangle right now..."

Master: You're familiar with the pitfalls of

Doissetep.

Possessed by: Masters, Ambassadors, Troublemakers,
Spies

Specialties: Factions, Vices, Scandals, Secret Alli-
ances, Wizards Behind the Curtain.

Computer Hacking

The player must have at least two dots in Computer
before purchasing this Knowledge. Hacking allows the
computer user to break the rules. It is not a programming
skill— that requires the Computer Knowledge. Hacking
represents an imaginative faculty above and beyond the use
of the programming codes. In the binary computer world of
yes/no, hacking represents the little bit of genius that says,
"Well... maybe."

Hacking is used instead of the Computer Knowledge
when the user is breaking into other computer systems or
trying to manipulate data in "real time." The Computer
Ability is used for programming or other miscellaneous
tasks. Hacking is used most often as a complementary
Ability to Computer, but it can aid programming by allow-
ing the character to work faster or to crack military codes
that a normal programmer would not even be able to figure
out. Rules for hacking can be found in Book Three.

© Novice: You are a computer geek who knows a
few tricks, such as changing your grades in the university
computer network.

¢¢ Practiced: You have great "luck" in guessing com-
puter passwords.

eee Competent: You thought your electric
bill was too high last month, but you can fix that with a few
keystrokes.

.

Expert: Now that you have cracked the
bank codes, which is it: Rio or Bermuda?
oo

Master: The European Community was
pretty annoyed about that thermonuclear incident, but you
know they can never trace it back to you.

Possessed by: Computer Geeks, CIA Operatives,
Virtual Adepts

Specialties: Viruses, Data Retrieval, Networking,
Magickal Protections, Telecommunications

Cryptography
You may skillfully compose and interpret codes and
ciphers. You can construct a code that can only be cracked
by someone who scores as many successes as you have dots
in this Knowledge. You can also crack a code, rolling your
Knowledge against a difficulty assigned by the Storyteller
depending on the code's complexity.

. Novice: Grade-school spy fan

oo Practiced: Word puzzle buff, military signals
officer

eee Competent: Intelligence officer

.

Expert: Intelligence cipher specialist
Master: James Bond

Possessed by: Spies, Puzzle Buffs, Military Signals
Personnel

Specialties: Letter Shifts, Mathematical Encryption,
Obscure Character Sets

Herbalism

You have a working knowledge of herbs and their
properties, medicinal and otherwise. You can find and
prepare herbs and know which herb or blend of herbs to use
in any situation. This skill will also provide knowledge of
the magical lore of plants.

. Novice: Read a book on it once.

oo Practiced: Serious student.

eee Competent: Local supplier.

eeee Expert: Author of books on herbalism.

eeeee Master: Herbal doctor.

Possessed by: Verbena, Hermetic and Dreamspeaker
Mages, Holistic Healers, New Agers, Wizened Old Women,
Members of Traditional Cultures.

Specialties: Culinary, Medicinal, Poisonous, Narcot-
ics, Hallucinogens, Spirit

History

You've studied the history of a specific area or period, and
you understand what happened, when, why and who was
involved. You also have a fair idea of social, political, eco-
nomic and technological conditions in various past times and
places. Note that in the case of ancient mages, this Knowledge
relates only to times and places that are outside their direct
experience. For instance, a mage born in Victorian London
would rely on memory for knowledge of English history and
culture, but would use History to uncover information about
classical Greece, which was before his time, or about Czarist
Russia, which was outside his experience.

. Novice: Amateur or high school

Practiced: Enthusiast or college student
¢ Competent: Grad student or author
ee Expert: Professor

eee Master: Research fellow
Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Scholars, Mentors
Specialties: Political, Intellectual, Social, Economic,
Technological, Classical, Medieval, Renaissance, Mod-
ern, Europe, Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia

Lore

You're familiar with the subcultures of the World of
Darkness — the scoop on vampires, werewolves, the fey

and your own kind. Each type of Lore must be purchas
aseparate Knowledge; accurate dirt on the Camarilla won't
tell you anything about the halls of Arcadia.

Much of your information will be second-hand, and
thus suspect. It bears noting that the different "players" in
the world-behind-the -scenes often have wildly inaccurate
perceptions of each other. A mage, meeting a vampire,
won't immediately ask "What clan are you, and where's
your prince?" Likewise, a Technomancer will not immedi-
ately know the history of the Council of Nine. Mages have

Book One: Gifts of Awakening 27


a lot to learn— many are lacking knowledge about their
own Traditions.

This kind of knowledge will not be easy to come by—
werewolves don't pass their secrets on to caern-robbers—
and some knowledge can be actively harmful, especially
Wyrm Lore. There really are some things man was not
meant to know!

Q Novice: You've heard a few dubious tales.

. Practiced: You know a few accurate facts.

eee Competent: Familiar enough to hold an in-
telligent conversation.

.

¢ Expert: You know a few things they'd rather
you didn't know.

e@eeee Master: You know your subjects better than
they know themselves. This can become a real problem!

Possessed by: Sages, War Cabals, Tale-Tellers, Re-
search Assistants, Spies

Varieties: (Each one bought separately) Faerie, For-
bidden Secrets, Garou, Ghosts, Kindred, Sabbat,
Technocracy, Tradition, Wyrm, Camarilla

Poisons

You havea working knowledge of poisons, their effects
and antidotes. You can analyze a poison to tell its origin,
and can mix a poison or antidote given time and equip-
ment. You must have at least one dot in Science to acquire
this Knowledge.

. Novice: Dabbler

ee Practiced: Detective, Mystery Reader
coo Competent: Pharmacist, Mystery Writer
eooe

Expert: Forensic Scientist, Emergency-Room
Doctor

e@eeee Master: Assassin

Possessed by: Progenitors, Euthanatos, Mystery Buffs,
Detectives, Pharmacists, Medics, Assassins

Specialties: Venoms, Chemical Poisons, Plant-based
Poisons, Analysis, Antidotes, Instant Poisons, Slow-build
Poisons, Undetectable Poisons, Magickal Poisons

Psychology

You have a formal education in the science of human
nature. You know the modern theories of emotion, cogni-
tive development, personality, perception and learning.
Though this is largely a scholarly understanding of the
human psyche, it can be used practically to understand
those around you.

. Novice: High school
Practiced: College student
Competent: Grad student
Expert: Professor

eeeee Master: Theorist

Possessed by: Teachers, Researchers, Scientists, Coun-
selors, Psychologists

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Specialties: Behaviorism, Freudian, Jungian, Human-
ist, Developmental, Experimental, Animals

Science Specialties

The subtleties of science are many and varied, espe-
cially for the Technomancers who employ them. Characters
who specialize in one type of science (Biology, Mathemat-
ics, Engineering, Cybernetics, etc.) more than others should
simply take that Science as a separate Knowledge with
specific applications outside of the more general body of
knowledge that is represented by the Science Trait.

Because their magick depends on their belief in a certain
paradigm, Technomancers must work their effects along
certain ‘theories' to get away with coincidental magick. Vio-
lating these paradigms might cause a failed Effect or even a
Paradox Backlash. A successful Science roll could allow a
Technomancer to "fast-cast" a theory on the spur of the
moment, then explain the effect away in a ream of complex
gibberish. The importance of belief, however, cannot be
underestimated; magick is a function of your belief over the
beliefs of those around you. A Technomancer shackled to a
belief system must still adhere to that paradigm to work his
magick. The greater your knowledge of a subject, the better
your ability to work it to your desired ends.

. Novice: A basic understanding of the con-
cepts involved.

oe Practiced: A working knowledge of the sub-
ject.

eee Competent: Good enough to bend the rules
without breaking them.

eeee Expert: Extensive and esoteric theories.

e@eeee Master: You know so much that you can
prove anything you want within your chosen field.

Possessed by: Scientists, Technomancers, Research
Technicians

Varieties: Astronomy, Biology, Genetics, Mathemat-
ics, Cybernetics, Metallurgy, Any Other Type of Specific
Science

Secret Code Language

Many Traditions and Crafts have secret magic lan-
guages that only Adepts or better understand. The Verbena
use the Language of Flowers, composing bouquets and
nosegays whose component flowers and arrangements con-
ceal hidden meanings— mullein, or hag taper, means "take
courage," while nettle means "You are spiteful" and ver-
bena means "You enchant me." The Akashic Brotherhood
uses the Secrets Signs of the notorious Hung Society. Even
the Celestial Chorus has its own method of swift, secret
communication, citing Chapter and Verse from their holy
books, the meanings of which are only readily apparent to
those who have committed them to heart.

Fragments of these codes have leaked into the world of
the Sleepers, and some basic meanings can be deciphered by
those with the appropriate background. Upper class matrons

understand bits of the Language of Flowers, and Asian street
gangs know a few of the hand signs of the Hung Society.

Secret Codes are purchased like Linguistics, one per
point in the Knowledge. Like Lore, this skill may be
difficult to obtain. The codes are kept secret for a reason.

Possessed by: Verbena, Akashic Brotherhood, Spies,
Celestial Chorus, Secret Societies, Homeless

Varieties: Language of Flowers, Hung Society, Chap-
ter & Verse

Sign Language

Sign Language can be bought as a level in Linguistics.
Notall sign languages are the same. You must declare each
language separately. Ninja, deaf people, spies and many
mage cabals have their own separate hand codes. These
must generally be taught by a member of a select group;
obtaining this training may range from easy to damn near
impossible.

Stone Lore

You know the reputed properties of stones and all the
magic inherent in them. You may use this knowledge in the
creation of Talismans and fetishes and can assist with ritual
magick.

. Novice: You sell birthstones and psychic
crystals.
oe Practiced: You can match metals and stones

to make amulets for most occasions.

eee Competent: You know your stones. Other
mages come to you to get their rocks.

eeee Expert: The Garou come to you to get rocks
and metals. You talk to stones.

© Master: Not only do you talk to stones, but
sometimes they talk back. You know all the powers of the
minerals, and can identify the great jewels of legend.
Possessed by: New Agers, Jewelers, Alchemists,
Dreamspeakers
Specialties: Planetary Influences, Jade Carving, Metals

Taxidermy

You can take an animal apart and preserve all the bits
and pieces, not just the skins and heads. Your deer skins

Merits andFlaws

won't rot and your raven claws won't smell funny. More-
over, you can make sure newts' eyes will stay fresh for years.

. Novice: The newts should freeze well.

oe Practiced: Nobody will buy from you, but you
should be able to cure a pelt or properly preserve a snake in
formaldehyde.

eee Competent: Relatives who like animal heads
nailed to their walls appreciate your presents. Others find
your hobby distasteful because the animals don't look dead
anymore. Of course, they don't look alive either.

eeee Expert: You could get a job at the natural
history museum. Old ladies who want their chihuahuas
stuffed come to you, and the frog toes are as fresh as the day
you got them.

.

Master: You probably embalmed the Pha-
raohs ina past life. Your work looks like its going to get up
and run off any second now.
Possessed by: Morticians, Hunters, Furriers, Sons of
Ether, Serial Killers, High School Science Teachers
Specialties: Tanning, Embalming, Preserving, Tro-
phies, Techniques of Frankenstein, Victims

Theology

Religion is a familiar aspect of human endeavor for
you, and you fully understand its place in the world. At
higher levels, this Knowledge imparts an appreciation for
all religious beliefs, while individuals with less skill tend to
view their own beliefs as intrinsically superior to any
others. This, of course, varies with the individual. Posses-
sion of this Knowledge in no way requires personal belief in
the tenets of any specific religion.

. Novice: Participant
. Practiced: Altar boy
. Competent: Priest

. Expert: Professor

.

Master: Theologian

Possessed by: Missionaries, Priests, Pastors, Nuns,
Theologians, Atheists

Specialties: Women's Theology (often called
Theaology), Comparative, Liberation, Agnosticism, Chris-
tian, Buddhist, Branch Davidian

I willwalk with my hands bound

T will walk with my face blood

T will walk with my shadow flag

Into your garden

Garden of stone

— Pearl Jam, "Garden"

Merits and Flaws are new character Traits
that add color and flavor to your Mage

chronicle. Merits provide characters with some benefit,
while Flawsact to their detriment. Some of these Traits will
have little effect on a game beyond a dash of style; others
could unbalance a chronicle or completely change its
direction. Powerful Merits or Flaws will shape a character's
destiny and any relationships he or she has.

When you create a character in Mage, you are given 15
"freebie" points to assign to whatever Traits you like in
order to give your character the finishing touches that

Book One: Gifts of Awakening


make her unique. The optional system of Merits and Flaws
expands on this idea and further allows you to personalize
your character.

Merits may be purchased only with "freebie" points
and only during character conception. Flaws provide addi-
tional freebies to spend, again, only during initial
conception. A maximum of seven points of Flaws may be
taken, limiting potential freebie points to a total of 22.
Mangus Warhawk, for example, buys Dark Fate and Obses-
sion, a total of seven points in Flaws. If he also chooses to
buy Absent-Minded, he wouldn't gain any additional points,
although he would add an interesting (and potentially
dangerous) new quirk to his personality. Some Merits and
Flaws have variable point costs; these Traits offer more
options for character creation.

Merits and Flaws are provided to flesh out a character
and add new story hooks and details, not to allow power-
gamers to mini-max their characters into war-machines.
Players should make sure that the Storyteller allows these
options in the chronicle before creating characters based
around these options. Each chronicle is individual and
unique, so there is no telling what restrictions or changes
the Storyteller has in mind. There is no right or wrong way,
only ways that work for everyone concerned.

Psychological

These Merits and Flaws deal with the psychological
makeup of your character, and may describe ideals, motiva-
tions or pathologies. Some psychological Flaws can be
temporarily ignored by spending a Willpower point, and
are so noted. If you possess such a Flaw and do not roleplay
it when the Storyteller thinks you should, then she may tell
you that you have spent a point of Willpower for the effort.
Flaws cannot be conveniently ignored.

Code of Honor: (1 pt Merit)

You have a personal code of ethics to which you strictly
adhere. You can automatically resist most temptations that
would bring you in conflict with your code. When battling
supernatural persuasion (Mind magick or vampiric Domi-
nation) that would make you violate your code, either you
gain three extra dice to resist or your opponent's difficulties
are increased by two (Storyteller's choice). You must con-
struct your own personal code of honor in as much detail as
you can, outlining the general rules of conduct by which
you abide.

Higher Purpose: (1 pt Merif)

All mages have some vision of their Path, but you have a
special commitment to it. Your chosen goal drives and directs
you in everything. You do not concern yourself with petty
matters and casual concerns, because your higher purpose is
everything. Though you may sometimes be driven by this
purpose and find yourself forced to behave in ways contrary to
the needs of personal survival, it can also grant you great

30 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

personal strength. You gain two extra dice on any roll that has
something to do with this higher purpose. You need to decide
what your higher purpose is. Make sure you talk it over with
the Storyteller first. (If youhave the Flaw: Driving Goal, listed
below, you cannot take this Merit.)

Curiosity: (2 pt Flaw)

Youare a naturally curious person and find mysteries of
any sort irresistible. In most circumstances, you find that
your curiosity easily overrides your common sense. To resist
the temptation, make a Wits roll verses difficulty 5 for
simple things like "I wonder what is in that cabinet?"
Increase the difficulty up to 9 for things like "I'll just peek
into the Progenitor lab— no one will know. What could
possibly go wrong?"

Addiction: (I-3 pt Flaw)

You are addicted to any one of a variety of things. A
one point Flaw would be a mild addiction to a easily
attained substance, such as caffeine, nicotine or alcohol. A
two point Flaw would be either a severe addiction to any
easily-obtained substance or any "mild" drug, such as pain
killers, sleeping pills or marijuana. A three point Addiction
involves the heavy street drugs or hard-to-find drugs. The
need for these drugs varies from once a day for some drugs
to two to three times a day for others, depending on the
strength of the drug and the addiction. If, for whatever
reason, you are denied access to the drug, you lose the
number of dice equal to the level of your addiction (one,
two or three) until you receive your "fix." If you are
deprived of the drugs for an extended length of time, you
will be forced to make a Willpower check (difficulty of 4 for
the first day, + 1 for each additional day). If you fail, you will
forgo everything and forcibly go seeking the drug. This
would be an easy way for you to be either controlled or
forced to do favors for your supplier, especially if the drug
is hard to obtain due to its rarity or price.

Compulsion: ( pt Flaw)

You have a psychological compu
which can cause you a number of different problems. Your
compulsion may be for cleanliness, perfection, bragging,
stealing, gaming, exaggeration or just talking. A compul-
sion can be temporarily avoided at the cost of a Willpower
point, but it is in effect at all other times.

Dark Secret: (I pt Flaw)

You have some sort of secret that, if uncovered, would
be of immense embarrassment to you and would make you
a pariah among your peers. This can be anything from
having murdered a Master to having once fallen to a
Nephandi's temptations. While this secret weighs on your
mind at all times, it will only surface in occasional stories.
Otherwise, it will begin to lose its impact.

sion of some sort,


Intolerance: (I pt Flaw)

You have an unreasoning dislike of a certain thing.
This may be an animal, a class of person, a color, a situation
or just about anything else. The difficulties of all dice rolls
involving the subject are increased by two. Note that some
dislikes may be too trivial to be reflected here—a dislike of
White Wolf Magazine or tissue paper, for instance, will have
little effect on play in most chronicles. The Storyteller is
the final arbiter on what you can pick to dislike.

Nightmares: (I pt Flaw)

You experience horrendous nightmares every time you
sleep, and memories of them haunt you during your waking
hours. Sometimes the nightmares are so bad they cause you
to lose one die on all your actions for the next day
(Storyteller's discretion). Some of the nightmares may be
so intense that you mistake them for reality. A crafty
Storyteller will be quick to take advantage of this. Conflict
with your Avatar, Paradox, bad episodes of Quiet or even
difficult Seekings may lie at the roots of these night terrors.

Phobia (Mild): (I pt Flaw)

You have an overpowering fear of something. You
instinctively and illogically retreat from and avoid the
object of your fear. Common objects of phobias include
certain animals, insects, crowds, open spaces, confined
spaces and heights. You must make a Willpower roll when-
ever you encounter the object of your fear. The difficulty of
this roll is determined by the Storyteller. If you fail the roll,
you must retreat from the object.

Overconfident: (I pt Flaw)

You have an exaggerated and unshakable opinion of
your own worth and capabilities— you never hesitate to
trust your abilities, even in situations where you risk defeat.
Because your abilities may not be enough, such overconfi-
dence can be very dangerous. When you dofail, you quickly
find someone or something else to blame. If you are con-
vincing enough, you can infect others with your
overconfidence.

Shy: (pt Flaw)

You are distinctly ill at ease when dealing with people
and try to avoid social situations whenever possible. The
difficulties of all rolls concerned with social dealings are
increased by one; the difficulties of any rolls made while
you are the center of attention are increased by two. Don't
expect your character to make a public speech.

Speech Impediment: (I pt Flaw)

You have a stammer or some other speech impediment
which hampers verbal communication. The difficulties of
all relevant rolls are increased by two. Do not feel obliged
to roleplay this impediment all the time, but in times of

duress, or when dealing with outsiders, you should attempt
to simulate it.

Sadism/Masochism: (2 pt Flaw)

You are excited either by causing pain or receiving it.
In many situations, you will seek either to be hurt or hurt
someone for your pleasure. For a masochist (someone who
enjoys pain), your soak roll for actual physical damage is
increased by one because you really want to feel the pain.
A sadist (someone who likes to hurt others) must make a
Willpower roll verses.a 5 to stop combat (modified depend-
ing on how much youare into the attack and how much you
are enjoying hurting the other person). If you fail, you are
so caught up in the event that you are unaware of anything
else happening around you.

Obsession: (2 point Flaw)

There is something you like, love or are fascinated by
to the point where you often disregard common sense to
cater to this drive. You react positively to anything related
to your obsession, even if it's not in your best interests. For
example, if you are obsessed with supernatural creatures,
you will go out of your way to talk to and befriend vampires,
werewolves and stranger things, and find outas much as you
can about them, disregarding all warnings. If you are
obsessed with Elvis, you have your house decorated with
velvet paintings and annoy your friends with your constant
talk about the King. You don't necessarily believe that Elvis
is still alive, but you buy every supermarket tabloid that
carries an article about him anyway. There are many other
obsessions, including British Royalty, guns, knives, foot-
ball, roleplaying games... you know the type.

Vengeance: (2 pt Flaw)

You have a score to settle— a cabal was wiped out, a
friend was corrupted, a mentor was slain... whatever. You
are obsessed with wreaking vengeance on the guilty party.
Revenge is your first priority in all situations. The need for
vengeance can only be overcome by spending Willpower
points, and even then, it only temporarily subsides. Some-
day you may have your revenge, but the Storyteller won't
make it easy.

Flashbacks: (3 pt Flaw)

You are prone to flashbacks if you are in either high-
pressure situations or circumstances that are similar to the
event that caused the flashback itself. The flashback does not
have tobe combat-oriented. Either positive or negative stimu-
lation could result in a flashback episode. The repeated use of
drugs has been proven to cause a wide range of hallucinations,
and in the right circumstances, the mind could flashback to
any one of them. Emotional anxiety and stress are the usual
catalysts for the flashbacks to begin. Flashing back to a good
and happy vision can be just as dangerous or distracting as
suddenly flashing to being surrounded by demons. The flash-
backscan be caused by almost any trauma— torture, extended

Book One: Gifts of Awakening

a os ses eee


combat or repeated drug experimentation. During the flash-
back, you are not aware of what is really around you. Even
people speaking to you will be viewed as people or objects from
the vision. You can mistake men for women, people for
animals and even inanimate objects for people. To you,
reality has shifted, and you are back there again.

Driving Goal: (3 pt Flaw)

You have a personal goal, which sometimes compels and
directs you in startling ways. The goal is always limitless in
depth, and you can never truly achieve it. It could be to
eradicate the Technocracy or achieve total enlightenment.
Because you must work toward your goal throughout the
chronicle (though you can avoid it for short periods by
spending Willpower), it will get you into trouble and may
jeopardize otheractions. Choose your driving goal carefully, as
it will direct and focus everything your character does.

Hatred: (3 pt Flaw)

You have an unreasoning hatred of a certain thing.
This hate is total and largely uncontrollable. You may hate
a species of animal, a class of person, a color, a situation or
just about anything else, and you constantly pursue oppor-
tunities to harm the hated object or to gain power over it.

Lifesaver: (3 Pt Flaw)

You believe that human life is a sacred gift and will not
take a person's life except in the most extreme of circum-
stances. You may not ever willingly endanger the lives of
innocents or in any way participate in a killing. You have
no problems with killing animals (for the right reasons),
and will kill evil and inhuman creatures to protect others
ifnecessary. (Be very careful, however, with your definition
of "evil"....) Senseless death in all forms repulses you, and
you feel that those who perform murder should be punished
and stopped.

Phobia (Severe): (3 pt Flaw)

You have an overpowering fear of something. Com-
mon objects of fear include certain animals, insects, crowds,
open spaces, confined spaces, heights and so on. You must
make a Willpower roll not to freak out when faced with the
object of your fear. The difficulty depends on the circum-
stances. If you fail the roll, you must retreat in terror from
the object of fear. If you score less than three successes, you
will not approach it. The Storyteller has final say over
which phobias are allowed in a chronicle.

Mental

These Merits and Flaws deal with the mind: its strengths,
weaknesses and special capacities. The mind of a mage is a
powerful weapon; quirks should be considered carefully.

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

San Gasser fd = a

Common Sense: (| pt Merif)

You have a significant amount of practical, everyday
wisdom. Whenever youare about to do something contrary
to common sense, the Storyteller should alert you to how
your potential action might violate practicality. This is an
ideal Merit if you are a novice player because it allows you
to receive advice from the Storyteller concerning what you
can and cannot do, and (even more importantly) what you
should and should not do.

Concentration: (1 pt Merit)

You have the ability to focus your mind and shut out
any distractions or annoyances, above and beyond normal
magely discipline. Any penalty toa difficulty or Dice Pool
arising from a distraction or other inauspicious circum-
stance is limited to two dice, though no extra benefits are
gained if only one penalty die is imposed.

Lightning Calculator: (| pt Merib

You have a natural affinity with numbers and a talent
for mental arithmetic, making you a natural when working
with computers or betting at the racetracks. The difficulties
of all relevant rolls are decreased by two. Another possible
use for this ability, assuming you have numbers on which to
base your conclusions, is the ability to calculate the diffi-
culty of certain tasks. In appropriate situations, you may ask
the Storyteller to estimate the difficulty rating of a task you
are about to perform. This Merit is common among the
scientists of Iteration X and Virtual Adept hackers.

Eidetic Memory: (2 pt Merit)

You can remember things seen and heard with perfect
detail. By gaining at least one success on an Intelligence +
Alertness roll, you can recall any sight or sound accurately,
even if you heard it or glanced at it only once (although the
difficulty of such a feat would be high). Five successes
enable you to recall an event perfectly: the Storyteller
relates to you exactly what was seen or heard.

Prodigy: (2 pt Merit)

You were Awakened very early in your life and have
not been subject to the problems of unlearning the cultural
reality. Perhaps one or both of your parents were Awak-
ened and sheltered you from the reality created by the
Technomancers. Asa result of this protection, you have an
easier time grasping the most abstract Spheres of magick.
You receive one extra die on rolls that relate to abstract
ideas or magickal comprehension. Though you were Awak-
ened atan early age, your actual training in magick probably
began much later. (See the Flaw: Age)

Iron Will: (3 pt Merib

When you are determined and your mind is set, noth-
ing can divert you from your goals. You cannot be
Dominated, nor can your mind be affected in any way by

Thaumaturgic rituals. Mages using mental attacks against
you gain an additional + 3 to their difficulties if you are

aware of them and resisting. However, the additional

mental defense costs you one Willpower per turn. Even if
you are unaware of them, mages seeking to magickally
influence you add + 1 to their difficulties.

Self-Confident: (5 pt Merit)

When you spend a point of Willpower to gain an
automatic success, your self-confidence may allow you to
gain the benefit of that expenditure without actually losing
the Willpower point. When you declare that you are using
point of Willpower and roll for su

the point of Willpower unless you fail. This will also

prevent you from botching, but only if you declare that you
are spending the Willpower point before you roll. This
Merit may only be used when you need confidence in your
abilities in order to succeed. You can use it only when the
difficulty of your roll is six or higher. You may spend
Willpower at other times; however, if the difficulty is five
or less, the Merit: Self-Confidence will not help you.

Amnesia: (2 pt Flaw)

Youare unable to remember anything about your past,
yourself or your family. Your life is a blank slate. However,
your past may someday come back to haunt you. (You can,
if you wish, take up to five points of other Flaws without

specifying what they are. The Storyteller can supply the

details. Over the course of the chronicle, you and your
character will slowly discover them.)

Confused: (2 pt Flaw)

You are often confused, and the world seems to be a
very distorted and twisted place. Sometimes you are simply

unable to make sense of things. You need to roleplay this

behavior all the time to a small degree, but your confusion
becomes especially strong whenever stimuli surround you
(such as when a number of different people talk all at once,
or you enter a nightclub with loud pounding music). You
may spend Willpower to override the effects of your confu-
sion, but only temporarily.

Absent-Minded: (3 pt Flaw)

This Flaw may not be taken with the Merit: Concen-

tration. Though you do not forget such thingsas Know!
or Skills, you do forget such things as names, addresses and
the last time you meditated. In order to remember anything
more than yourown nameand the location of yourChantry,
you need to make a Wits roll or, as a last resort, spend a
Willpower point.

Awareness

These Merits and Flaws involve perception (or the
lack thereof). Life magick may be used to repair some of
these Flaws; characters doing so must buy off the Flaw with
new points.


Acute Senses: (I pt. Merip

You have exceptionally sharp hearing, smell, vision or
taste. The difficulties of all dice rolls that relate to the sense
in question (e.g. Perception + Awareness to hear a faint
e poison in food or see an oncoming attacker) are
decreased by two. Combined with sensory Effects (first
rank Effects), this Merit allows the mage to add an addi-
tional success to her die roll.

Color Blindness: (I pt Flaw)

You can only see in black and white. Color means
nothing to you, although you are sensitive to color density,
which you perceive as shades of gray. Life 3 cannot fix this
problem, as you can't truly conceive the true nature of
color! Note: color blindness actually indicates an inability

nois

to distinguish between two colors, but we fudged a bit for
the sake of playability.

Hard of Hearing: ( pt Flaw)

Your hearing is defective. The difficulties of all dice
rolls related to hearing are increased by two. You may not
take Acute Hearing if you take this Flaw.

Bad Sight: (2 pt Flaw)

Your sight is defective. The difficulties of all dice rolls
related to vision are increased by two. This Flaw is neither
nearsightedness nor farsightedness— it is a minor form of

blindness. The impairment is not correctable. Life 3 may
correct this for a short time, but repairing the blindness
permanently requires buying off the Flaw or tying the effect
toa focus (goggles, a visor, etc.). You may not take Acute
Vision if you take this Flaw.

2 to your difficulty on
However, this will aggravate others of your gender.

perform tasks with the "wrong" hand at no penalty. The

Deaf: (4 pt Flaw)

You cannot hear sound, and automatically fail any

rolls that require hearing.

Blind: (6 pt Flaw)

You automatically fail all dice rolls involving vision.

Youcannot see — the world of color and light is lost to you.

Aptitudes

These Merits and Flaws establish special capacities

and abilities for your character, or modify the effects and
powers of your character's other Traits.

Animal Magnetism: (I pt Merib

You are especially attractive to others. You receive a-
eduction or Subterfuge rolls.

Ambidextrous: ( pt Merit

You have a high degree of off-hand dexterity and can


normal penalty for using both hands at once to perform
different tasks (e.g. fighting with a weapon in each hand)
is ata +1 difficulty for the "right" hand and a +3 difficulty
for the other hand.

Computer Aptitude: (I pt Merit)

You have a natural affinity with computers, so the
difficulties of all rolls to repair, construct or operate them
are reduced by two. This is especially handy for Virtual
Adepts and servants of Iteration X.

Crack Driver: (| pt Merit)

You have a natural affinity with driving motorized
wheeled vehicles, such as cars, 18-wheelers and even trac-
tors. The difficulties of all rolls requiring risky or especially
difficult driving maneuvers are reduced by two.

Mechanical Aptitude: (I pt Merit)

You are naturally adept with all kinds of mechanical
devices (note that this aptitude does not extend to elec-
tronic devices, such as computers). The difficulties of all
dice rolls to understand, repair or operate any kind of
mechanical device are reduced by two. However, this Merit
doesn't help you drive any sort of vehicle.

Poison Resistance: (I pt Merit)

You have, for some reason or another, become resis-
tant to poisons. It could be that you are somehow naturally
resistant or that you have spent years building up your
resistance against all known types of poisons. Any time you
need to make a soak roll against the effects of a poison or
toxin, reduce your difficulty by 3.

Natural Linguist: (2 pt Merit)

You have a flair for languages. This Merit does not
allow you to learn more languages than the number permit-
ted by your Linguistics score, but you may add three dice to
any Dice Pool involving languages (both written and
spoken). This Merit is common among Order of Hermes
mages and Gypsies.

Daredevil: (3 pt Merit)

You are good at taking risks, and are even better at
surviving them. All difficulties are one less whenever you
try something particularly dangerous, and you can ignore
one botch result when you roll "ones" on such actions (you
can cancel a single "one" that is rolled, as if you have an
extra success).

Fast Learner: (3 pt Merit)

You learn very quickly, and pick up on new things
faster than most do. You gain one extra experience point at
the conclusion of each story (not each game session).

Perfect Balance: (3 pt Merit)

Your sense of balance has achieved great heights by
constant training or inherited traits. It is very unlikely that
you will ever fall during your life. You may trip, but you will
always catch yourself before you fully lose your footing or
handhold.

This Merit functions for such actions as tightrope
walking, crossing ice and climbing mountain sides. All
difficulties involving such feats are reduced by 3. It would
take a lot to push or shove a character off his feet if he has
this Merit. This is very appropriate for Akashic Brothers or
Masters of Life magick.

Jack-Of-All-Trades: (5 pt
Merit)

You have a large pool of miscellaneous

kills and
knowledge obtained through your extensive travels, the

jobs you've held, or just all-around know-how. You auto-
matically have one dot in all Skill and Knowledge Dice
Pools. This is an illusory level, used only to simulate a wide
range of abilities. If the character trains or spends experi-
ence in the Skill or Knowledge, he must pay the point cost
for the first level a "second time" before raising the Skill or
Knowledge to two dots.

Age: (I pt Flaw)

You began your training in magick either very early in
your life or very late. Maybe you were not discovered by
anyone until you had already passed the usual age of
students, but the Master, for whatever reason, chose to
teach you anyway. Or perhaps something about you in-

trigued your masters so much that they began your studies
very early (see the Prodigy Merit). This age difference will
cause people to react to you differently. If you are older than
the norm, they may either think that you are more skilled
than you actually are (which could get you in over your
head quickly) or think that you're a joke. If you're young,
the older students may resent you or not take you seriously.
("You've got to be kidding. He's just a kid!") Increase the
difficulty of your Social rolls by 1 to 3 depending on the
circumstances of your situation or the individual you are
confronting.

Supernatural

These Merits and Flaws are different kinds of super-
natural benefits or detriments. Though rare, they are far
more common among mages— who alter reality by their
very presence— than among other beings. Because of the
potential of these particular Traits, the Storyteller may not
allow you to choose from this category— ask before you
choose one. Furthermore, you should not select such Traits
unless they firmly fit your character concept, and you can
explain why your character possesses them. In general, we

do not recommend that anyone have more than one or two

Book One: Gifts of Awakening 35


supernatural Merits or Flaws— they should be strictly
controlled by the Storyteller.

Past Life: (I-5 pt Merit)

The mage can remember one or more of her previous
incarnations. This can be as simple as constant deja vu in
places known to her past lives, or as complex as conscious,
waking memories of being another person. In practical
terms, this means that the mage, and therefore the player,
knows slightly more about whatever situations the dead
memories contain. The mage might know her way around
the past life's hometown, or back away from her murderer
without knowing why. This is a good Background for
beginning players; the Storyteller can tell them that some-
thing they are about to do is stupid, dangerous, or both,
because even if the character wouldn't logically know that,
one of her past lives might. However, this Background
cannot be used to ‘remember' Abilities; the character still
needs the Dream Background to do that.

The Storyteller can, and likely should, take the oppor-
tunity to flesh out one or more of these past selves with the
player. Unless the memory is very detailed, the character,
and probably the player, isn't likely to know everything
about that past. In fact, this half-and-half recollection is a
rich source of story ideas, particularly if any of the past lives
were Awakened themselves. This is fairly common for
those with "old souls" and powerful Avatars.

¢ One point—Deja vu memories of one life

© Two points— Dreamy, vague memories of one life,
with deja vu from several lives

¢ Three points— Vague memories of several lives and
one or two well-remembered impressions from one life

¢ Four points— Several well-remembered impres-
sions from many lives

* Five points— A clear but broken thread of memories
back to the Mythic Age and beyond...

True Love: (1 pt Merit)

You have discovered, and possibly lost (at least tempo-
rarily) a true love. Nonetheless, this love provides joy in a
torrid existence usually devoid of such enlightened emo-
tions. Whenever you are suffering, in danger, or dejected,
the thought of your true love is enough to give you the
strength to persevere. In game terms, this love allows you
to succeed automatically on any Willpower roll, but only
when you are actively striving to protect or come closer to
your true love. Also, the power of your love may be powerful
enough to protect you from other supernatural forces
(Storyteller's discretion). However, your true love may also
be a hindrance and require aid (or even rescue) from time
to time. Be forewarned: this is a most exacting Merit to play
over the course of a chronicle.

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Medium: (2 pt Merit)

You possess the natural affinity to sense and hear
spirits, ghosts and shades. Though you cannot see them,
you feel their presence and are able to speak with them
when they are in the vicinity. It is even possible for you to
summon them (through pleading and cajoling) to your
presence. Spirits will not simply aid you or give you advice
for free—they will always want something in return. Mages
with both this Merit and the Spirit Sphere reduce the
difficulties of Spirit magick by two. Combining the Me-
dium Merit with the Spirit Magnet Merit will make your
life exceedingly interesting and problematic.

Danger Sense: (2 pt Merit)

You have asixth sense that warns you of danger. When
you are in danger, the Storyteller should make a secret roll
against your Perception + Alertness; the difficulty depends
on the remoteness of the danger. If the roll succeeds, the
Storyteller tells you that you have a sense of foreboding.
Multiple successes may refine the feeling and give an
indication of direction, distance or nature. This Merit is
more reliable and specific than rank one sensing effects; the
two can be combined to create an even more potent
warning system.

Faerie Affinity: (2 pt Merib

Your presence does not frighten faeries; indeed, it
attracts them, and you are naturally attuned to their ways.
You may even share some small amount of faerie blood.
Friendly fey might allow you to meditate at their circle once
in a while (though gods only know what effect this might
have in the long run...).

Spirit Mentor: (3 pt Merit)

You have a ghostly companion and guide. This spirit is
able to employ a number of minor powers when it really
struggles to exert itself (see Haunted, below), but for the
most part, its benefit to you is through the advice it can
give. This ghost is the incorporeal spirit of someone who
was once living, perhaps even someone particularly famous
or wise. The Storyteller will create the ghost character, but
will not reveal to you its full powers and potencies. Mentors
of this sort are not true Mentors of magick, but might give
special insights into aspects of Sleeper life that mages have
missed or forgotten. (Further ideas for this Merit can be
obtained from Wraith.)

Werewolf/Vampire Companion:
(3 pt Merit)

You have a friend and ally who just happens to be a
werewolf or vampire. Though you may call upon this being
in time of need, she also has the right to call upon you (after
all, you are friends). Neither your kind nor hers appreciate
such a relationship; while mages deal with the other Awak-
ened often, all sides share a healthy distrust of each other.


Your friend will not become a walking Quintessence bat-
tery for greedy mages. Such relationships often end badly
The Storyteller will create the character in question, and

will not reveal its full powers and potencies.

Luck: (3 pt Merit)

You were born lucky: your Avatar guides your steps, or
maybe the Devil looks after his own. Either way, you can
repeat three failed non-magickal rolls per story. Only one
repeat attempt may be made on any single roll.

Twin Souls: (4 point Merit)

Your Avatar has been fragmented and hasa "soulmate"
equal in power to your own Avatar and similar in Essence,
Nature and Demeanor. This fragment may be possessed by
your physical twin (brother or sister, identical or other-
wise), a look-alike, another mage, ora complete stranger-—
possibly even a Sleeper. When in physical contact with
your soulmate (or spiritual contact, for actions in the
Umbra), the two may share Quintessence and use magick
as one (if both are mages), taking the highest ratings in
Arete and Spheres while gaining an additional measure of
Quintessence equal to the strength of either individual.
The parts are greater than the whole. This joint pool must
bereplenished through meditation in a Node, like a regular
pool of Quintessence. Paradox points gained from joint
spells are not split, however, and each twin gains the same
amount of Paradox.

With only one level of Correspondence, you will
always know where your soulmate is; with one dot in Life,
you'll know his state of health; with one rank in Mind, you
may share thoughts. If one soulmate dies, the other must
make a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, to avoid following you
due to psychic shock. She must wait also until hersoulmate's
reincarnation before the power may again be shared.

Soulmates are not just walking Merits and must be pre-
sented and run as characters, preferably by different players
inagroup. Also note that you do not have to get along with
your soulmate... Twin souls are distinct and separate indi-
viduals, not just tag-team powerhouses, and Storytellers
should feel free to take over one half of a pair being played
as one mind with two bodies.

Onbondable: (4. pt Merit)

You are immune to being Blood Bound. No matter
how much vampire blood you drink, you will never be
Bound to one. This is exceedingly rare among mortals, and
the Merit should be carefully considered by Storytellers
before it is allowed into the game.

Spark of Life: (5 point Merit)

The vitality of Life flows within you with preternatural
strength. This lifeforce is so strong, in fact, that all non-
aggravated wounds heal as if they were one wound level
less; if you are Injured, you will heal in three days what

others heal in a week. If you are Hurt, you heal in only one
day. Bruises disappear in an hour.

Ifin perfect health yourself, you may share your vitality
with others through the power of your touch. Anyone you
assist recovers at your accelerated rate, but if the person is
badly mauled or crippled, she will require months of con-
stant bedside nursing. If the possessor of this gift is proficient
in the Sphere of Life, he may heal aggravated wounds as if
they were non-aggravated. All difficulties with Life magic
for the purpose of healing, creation, growth or positive
change (repairing congenital defects, for example) are at -
2 when the touch is used. The mage's supernatural vitality
aids the effect. Verbena consider this merit to be the mark
of a born healer, while the Sons of Ether think it is a
recessive, albeit desirable, mutation.

On the downside, your blood is particularly tasty to
vampires, being twice as potent as most mortals, and you
regenerate on top of it. Vampires have names for people
like you — "Cornucopia," "Big Gulp," or simply "Mine!"

Sphere Natural: (5 pt. Merit)

You are able to utilize one of the Spheres of magick
with a greater degree of ease than other mages. Ina previous
incarnation, you were extremely proficient in one of the
Spheres — so much so that your Avatar has managed to
draw a small portion of that knowledge through into this
lifetime.

Select a Sphere; when spending experience points to
gain levels in that Sphere, you pay three-quarter of the
normal cost. This Sphere must be declared during charac-
terconception. Of course, this Merit may only be purchased
once.

Guardian Angel: (6 pt. Merit)

Someone or something watches over you and protects
you from harm. You have no idea who or what it is, but you
have an idea that someone is looking out for you. In times
of great need, you may be supernaturally protected. How-
ever, one can never count upon a guardian angel . The
Storyteller must decide why you are being watched and
what is watching you (not necessarily an angel, despite the
name).

Avatar Companion: (7 pt. Merit)

You are in a cycle of reincarntion. However, every
time your corporeal form is reestablished, your Avatar has
to start its path back several paces. The world is a new place
once again, and even the Awakening can not bring back
the Knowledges the Avatar stored within a previous
incarnation. The strange thing about your passages through
the birth-death-rebirth cycle comes from the fact that your
Avatar has another lesser Avatar connected to it. This
fragment also enters the reincarnation cycle, follows your
Avatar through each incarnation, and often retains memo-
ties of its previous incarnation.


The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

NY

This companion will fight by the side of your Avatar
until death. For many companions, there is no real reason
todo this; the Avatar companion knows, however, that her
place in the way of things is to follow alongside your Avatar
and do just that.

The Storyteller creates and controls this other being in
whatever form it may take. Like other companion Merits,
this is a background benefit, not an opportunity to get two
characters for the price of one.

True Faith: (7 pt. Merib

You have a deep-seated faith in and love for God, or
whatever name you choose to call the Almighty. You begin
the game with one point of Faith (a Trait with a range of 1-
10). This Faith provides you with an inner strength and

comfort that continues to support you when all else betra'
you. This Merit is most common among members of the
Celestial Choru y posse:
Faith, Technomancers of any kind may not (and Faith in
Kibo does not count!).

. Although other factions m:

Yout Faith adds to Willpower rolls, giving + 1 to the Dice
Pool foreach point in Faith. Itdoes notaffect magick use inany
way, but may allow forsome other form of outside intervention
(see, for example, Guardian Angel or Luck). Certain types of
mage may, at the Storyteller's discretion, reduce any Paradox
gained around Sleepers if those Sleepers share the mage's faith
(in effect, performing miracles before the faithful). The exact
supernatural effects of Faith, if any, are completely up to the
Storyteller, although it will typically repel vampires. (Basi-
cally, the mage must make a Faith roll against a difficulty of the
vampire's Willpower to repel him. For more rules, see Vam-
pire Players Guide, pg. 30, or Hunters Hunted, pp. 64-66.)
It will certainly vary from person to person, and will almost
never be obvious— saintly people have
never performed a miracle greater than managing to ease the
suffering an injured soul. The nature of any miracles you do
perform will usually be tied to your own Nature, and you may
never realize that you have been aided by a force beyond

ome of the most

yourself.

An additional benefit of True Faith is innate
countermagick. This effect will not work for mages (theo-
ries about the reason for this vary), but can add a dangerous

wrinkle to fanatical witch-hunters or enemy Acolytes.
Each point of True Faith grants one die worth of
countermagick. A mage, therefore, facing a hunter with 5
points of True Faith stands a slim chance of sending
powerful effects against him.

True Faith isa rare attribute in this day and age. Noone

may start the game with more than one Faith point.

Additional points are only awarded at the Storyteller's
discretion, based on appropriate behavior and deeds.

Spirit Magnet: (3-7 pt Merit or
2-6 pt Flaw)

Spirits congregate at location in the Umbra that par-
allels your position in the Realm. You do not know of their
presence unless you possess the first Rank of the Spirit
Sphere or have been alerted by others that do. Spirits are
there because they like being around the Quintessence that
forms your physical body's Pattern or your Avatar. These
spirits often fight amongst themselves for various reasons—
the spirits are enemies, they all want to be around the
character's heart or brain, they want to protect the charac-
ter, they want to kill the character, etc.

Some of these spirits might remain within the Spirit
Realms in areas that correlate with the physical space that
makes up a mage's Pattern in the physical world. (Some
areas in the Spirit Realms correlate to physical locations.)
These spirits affect the behavior and appearance of the
character. If there are evil spirits within the character's
"spirit" form, the character will slowly be twisted into doing
evil acts unless the proper procedures are taken to remove
these blights from the character's Avatar. If good spirits
possess the "spirit" form, they will be likely to help the
character out in appropriate situations. Also note that
there is a distinction between spirits and wraiths.

© If the Spirit Magnet is a Merit, benign spirits will
flock about the Umbra in area (of the Penumbra) that
correlates to the character's physical location. They will do
what they can to alert the character to dangers within the
Umbra. If the character is about to unknowingly perform
anact that is "evil," the spirits will do their best to alert the
character of that fact. If these spirits are destroyed, others
will soon arrive to take their place.

¢ If the Spiritual Magnet is a Flaw, malignant spirits
battle over the same location. They seek to taint the
character with evil thoughts and pollute the Umbra about
the location. Evil spirits will often taunt characters and try
to annoy the mage at the worst of times. Other mages will
notice this, and no amount of magicks will keep these
spirits away for long.

The number of freebie points spent or gained affects
the level of spirit involvement with the character and other
spirits within the Umbra. For more information on the
Umbra, see Book Three of this tome, Umbra: The Velvet
Shadow or Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Second Edition.

Strangeness: (I pt. Flaw)

Reality is slightly stranger for you. Once per game
session, the Storyteller will choose one of your Spheres,
pick an Effect at random and roll for a bizarre coincidental
effect. If the roll succeeds, something unusual involving the
Sphere will happen for no apparent reason. For instance,
Mind 3 could result in a mage getting a visit from a
telepathic dog, picking up Mexican radio stations in his
head or hearing stray thoughts from a passing serial killer.

If the roll fails, the strangeness passes. If the roll botches,
Paradox descends on the mage, pushing him a little closer
towards Quiet. This Flaw can alter the tone of a campaign;
therefore, allowing a character to take it should require the
approval of not only the Storyteller, but also the other
players in the group.

Throwback: (I-5 pt. Flaw)

One or more of your past lives still affects you... badly.
Their fears come back to haunt you in your dreams, and you
have flashbacks of their worst memories (such as their
death, or, even worse, a personality that encroaches on
your own). For bad dreams or flashbacks, take one to two
points depending on the severity of the condition and how
much it will affect your studies or performance in dangerous
situations. For a "roommate in your head," take three
points (whether you know he exists or not). For the
package deal and a truly miserable existence, take 5 points,
but expect the Storyteller to take every opportunity to use
these against you. This Flaw can be "worked off" during the
course of play, but only with difficulty.

Echoes: (I-5 pt. Flaw)

The beliefs of the unawakened affect you more strongly
than they do most mages. Depending on where you are at
any given time, the superstitious beliefs of the Sleepers
around you can actually become your reality. The severity
of the Echoes differs from mage to mage— for some, there
is only minor inconvenience, but for others, the situation
can be deadly. In some cases, the beliefs of the Sleepers can
be beneficial, but they are most often harmful in some way.

© Very minor: While you are not truly affected by the
Echoes, you have an affect on the nature of reality in the
area. For example, milk may sour in your presence, or bread
does not rise while you are in a kitchen. (1 pt)

Mild: Echoes of this level can be an inconvenience,
sometimes physically and sometimes mentally. For ex-
ample, dogs have a tendency to growl when you are around;
you could be physically incapable of entering a person's
home without permission (anyone at all can invite you in,
it need not be the owner of the property); horses break into
a hard sweat when you are nearby. (2 pts.)

¢ Noticeable: The flaws are easily noticed by those
with a trained eye. You are easily distracted by religious
symbols of any nature; you develop a sudden allergy to salt;
your hair moves opposite the breeze. (3 pts.)

¢ Distracting: You have trouble concentrating when
people act a certain way around you, and people of a
superstitious nature will not trust you without the aid of
magick. You may be affected by the "evil eye"; anyone
casting this gesture in your direction is unaffected by your
powers; certain herbs and home remedies
affect on you; you cast no shadow, or your shadow mov
its own volition. (4 pts.)

have the same

es of


© Powerful: You are still able to alter reality, but you
are now susceptible to the whims of the collective uncon-
scious. Also, you now affect reality without trying. The
beliefs of the area where you are currently located can grant
you extra powers and cause you physical changes. You
might not sink in water, you float; physically touching the
ground can cause you pain; those who are "psychically
aware" are thrown into convulsions in your presence and
often speak in tongues. (5 pts)

Cursed: (I-5 pt Flaw)

You have been cursed by someone or something with
s. This curse is specific and
detailed. It cannot be dispelled without extreme effort, and
it can be life-threatening. Some examples follow:

supernatural or magical powel

© If you pass on a secret that was told to you, your
betrayal will later harm you in some way. (I pt.)

¢ You stutter uncontrollably when you try to describe
what you have seen or heard. (2 pt.)

* Tools often break or malfunction when you attempt
to use them. (3 pts.)

* You are doomed to make enemies of those to whom
you become most attached (so whatever you do, don't get
too close to the other characters!). (4 pts.)

¢ Every one of your accomplishments or achievements
will eventually, inevitably, become soiled and fail in some
way. (5 pts.)

Magical Prohibition or
Imperative: (2-7 point Flaw)

There is something you must or must not do, and your
life, your luck, your magic and perhaps your very soul
depends on it. It may be something that has always been
upon you, a geas prophesied by druids at your birth, a sacred
oath or vow you swore, or a promise or bargain you made,
and Someone (with a capital S) witnessed it and is going to
hold you to it. If you disobey, the consequences are dire, if

not deadly.

For example, Dominic De Woolfe is forbidden to ever
harm a wolf, the totem shape chosen by his Avatar. A
crazed Nephandi discovers this and pulls a rabid wolf out of
his hat. Dominic then has the choice of violating his geas
or getting bitten by a rabid wolf. He chooses to shoot both
the wolf and the Nephandi, and, as a result, his Avatar
deserts him, leaving him a mortal without the ability to do
magic.

Characters may have several magical prohibitions or
imperatives, and these may come into conflict. In Celtic
myth, Cuchulainn had the geasa to "Never refuse hospital-
ity" and "Never eat dog meat." Three hags once offered him
roast dog for dinner, and Cuchulainn died soon after.
Consequently, most mages keep their magical prohibitions
and imperatives secret, lest they be used against them by
enemy mages. Perversely, geasa curses and sacred oaths are
also marks of great status among certain Traditions, espe-

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

cially the Verbena and Dreamspeakers, who accord status
to mages with such Flaws as if each were extra points of
Destiny. Simply put, unimportant people don't have geasa
or family curses.

Storytellers should examine each prohibition or im-
perative and assign a point value to it, as well as to the
punishment for violating it. Easily avoided circumstances,
such as "Never break bread with a red-haired man," are
worth 1 point, while more common, or difficult, things,
such as "Stop and pet every cat you see," are worth 2 points,
and particularly drastic or dangerous circumstances, such as
"Never back down from a fight," are worth 3 (or more)
points. Consequences are worth points as well. Automati-
cally botching the next major spell you do is worth 1 point,
having bad luck for the rest of your life is worth 2, losing all
your friends and worldly possessions is worth 3, dying is
worth 4, and being deserted by your Avatar is worth 5.
Characters and Storytellers may come up with variants of
thes

Traditionally, there is very little that may be done
about geasa, which are simply facets of one's Destiny, and
curses are devilishly hard to lift (and the Flaw must be
bought off if they are). Characters who accidentally violate
them may attempt to atone for their crime, fixing whatever
they did wrong. A witch who has vowed to never eat any
red meat, and then suddenly finds ham in her pea soup,
might be able to atone for the trespass by fasting and
sending checks to PETA. However, if a mage violates an
oath willingly and with full knowledge — and survives —
he becomes an oathbreaker, one of the foulest epithets
among the Traditions. Oathbreakers are psychically marked.
It is virtually impossible for them to find a tutor or any sort
of aid. Some Traditions, notably the Order of Hermes and
the Verbena, kill them on sight, numbering them among
the Nephandi, whose dark paths of power are the only ones
left open to them.

Characters who wish to begin as oathbreakers should
take Dark Fate or some Curse, as well as the Flaw:
Oathbreaker, worth 4 points.

The Bard's Tongue: (I point Flaw)

You speak the truth, uncannily so. Things you say tend
tocome true. This is nota facility for blessing or cursing, or
an Effect that can be ruled by any conscious control (use
Time 3 instead). However, at least once per story, an
uncomfortable truth regarding any current situation will
appear in your head and come out your lips. To avoid
speaking prophecy, the owner of this ‘gift' must expend a
Willpower point and take a wound level from the strain of
resisting (especially if he bites a hole in his tongue).

Primal Marks: (2 point Flaw)

You have an Avatar of the Primordial essence
totem or god of legend. If the totem spirit is an animal, you
strongly resemble what one would look like in human form,
so much that people who don't even know you call you

some


"Bear," "Moose" or "Raven." If the Avatar is some well
known god or hero, you look just like people would expect
him to, including any particular deformities (though you
do get extra points for those). You look the part so much
that anyone can guess your nature at a glance, and there is
some danger in that, especially if your Avatar has legendary
enemies (and most do). Your Avatar will also require you
to protect its species if it is an animal, or finish up its
unfinished agenda if it is some god or hero.

Haunted: (3 pt Flaw)

You are haunted by a ghost that only you (and Medi-
ums) can see and hear. It actively dislikes you and enjoys
making your life miserable by insulting, berating and dis-
tracting you, especially when you need to keep your cool.
Italso has a number of minor powers it can use against you
(once per story for each power): hiding small objects;
bringing a "chill" over others, making them very ill at ease
with you; causing a loud buzzing in your ear or the ears of
others; moving a small object such as a knife or pen;

breaking a fragile item such
you; or making eerie nois
at the ghost can sometimes drive it away, but it will confuse
those who are around you. The Storyteller will likely
personify the ghost in order to make things all the more
frustrating for you. (More ideas for this Flaw can be ob-
tained from Wraith.)

sa bottle or mirror; tripping

such as chains rattling. Yelling

oan:

Sphere Inept: (5 pt. Flaw)

You are unable to utilize the magicks of one of the
Spheres. This is not due to the fact that you have not yet
been trained in the particular Sphere of magick. You are
denied access to this Sphere because your Avatar has been
‘crippled' in some way. No matter how much time you
spend trying to correct the problem, you are unable to
remedy it. You will be forever disconnected from the mystic
Sphere selected. Discovering the cause of this ‘injury'
might become a character's long-term goal. Perhaps some
sort of ‘penance' could be found to eventually buy this Flaw
off. This effect could have been generated by the mage
being put through a lesser Gilgul in a previous incarnation.
The Sphere of Ineptitude must be declared during charac-
ter conception.

Psychic Vampire: (5 point Flaw)

The spark of Life is dying within you and must be
continually fed from outside forces. You are a psychic
vampire. Plants and insect life wither or die in your pres-
ence as you feed on their energies, and any person you
touch for more than an hour will suffer one non-aggravated
Health Level as you siphon a
injured (including those whose Bruised Health Level has
been sucked away) will not heal while in your presence.
You can still be in the same building without harming
someone, but sharing a bed is not possible unless you want

Book One: Gifts of Awakening 4]

his life. Those already


the other person to slowly die. If you do not feed the
emptiness within yourself at least once a day, you will begin
to die. The rate at which you take wounds follows the
progression for natural healing in reverse: you take a Health
Level after one day, asecond in three days, a third ina week,
a fourth in a month, and, finally, one wound every three
months.

Mages with this Flaw who possess the Sphere of Life
havea -2 onall difficulties with Effects designed to damage,
stunt, destroy or corrupt a living thing when the healing
touch is used. For each Health Level done in this matter,
however, a Health Level caused to the mage as the result of
life-energy starvation may be healed, or, if the mage has not
gone without, the dying flame may be sated for an addi-
tional hour per Level done. While a psychic vampire is
bloated with Life energies, he will not automatically cause
death and injury to those around him. The Verbena and the
Celestial Chorus both find this Flaw to be a mark of
extreme evil, best dealt with by the extermination of the
one possessing it, while the Nephandi actively recruit those
with this dark blessing. On the plus side, vampires find your
blood completely lacking in sustenance.

Dark Fate: (5 pt Flaw)

You are doomed to experience a most horrible demise
or, worse, suffer eternal agony. No matter what you do,
someday you will be out of the picture. In the end, all your
efforts, your struggles and your dreams will come to naught.
Your fate is certain, and there is nothing you can do about
it. Even more ghastly, you have partial knowledge of this,
for you occasionally have visions of your fate— and they are
most disturbing. The malaise these visions inspire in you
can only be overcome through the use of Willpower, and
the malaise will return after each vision. At some point in
the chronicle, you will indeed face your fate, but when and
how is completely up to the Storyteller. Though you can't
do anything about your fate, you can still attempt to reach
some goal before it occurs, or at least try to make sure that
your friends are not destroyed as well. This is a difficult Flaw
to roleplay; though it may seem as if it takes away all free
will, we have found that, ironically, it grants freedom.

Combining this Flaw with the Destiny Background is very
appropriate— Elric and Vanyel are classic literary ex-
amples.

Mage Ties

These Merits and Flaws deal with the place, position
and status of a character within mage society. These need
not only apply to Tradition mages; the Technocracy and
Nephandi (and perhaps even the Marauders) have internal
politics with which they must contend.

Boon: (I-3 pt Merit)

A Master owes youa favor because of something either
you or your Mentor once did for him. The extent of the
boon owed to you depends on how many points you spend.

42 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

One point would indicate a relatively minor boon, while
three points would indicate that the Master probably owes
you his life.

Prestigious Mentor: (1 pt Merit)

Your Mentor had or has great Status among your
Tradition, and this has accorded you a peculiar honor.
Most treat you respectfully asa result, while some have only
contempt for you, believing you to be nothing compared to
them. This prestige could greatly aid you when dealing with
elders acquainted with your Mentor. Indeed, your Mentor's
contacts may actually approach you at some point offering
aid. Although your Mentor might no longer have contact
with you, the simple fact of your apprenticeship has marked
you forever.

Reputation: (2 pt Merit)

You have a good reputation among the mages of your
Tradition. This may be your own reputation, or it may be
derived from your Mentor. Add three dice to any Dice
Pools involving social dealings with others of your Chantry
or Tradition. A character with this Merit may not take the
Flaw: Notoriety.

Enemy: (I-5 pt Flaw)

You have an enemy, or perhaps a group of enemies.
Someone wants to harm you. The value of the Flaw deter-
mines how powerful these enemies are. The most powerful
enemies (Masters or elder vampires) would be five point
Flaws, while someone nearer to your own power would be
worth only one point. You must decide who your enemy is
and how you earned such enmity in the first place.

Infamous Mentor: ( pt Flaw)

Your Mentor was, and perhaps still is, distrusted and
disliked by many of your fellow mages. As a result, you are
distrusted and disliked as well. This isa heavy load, and one
not easily shed.

Insane Mentor: (1 pt Flaw)

Your Mentor has completely lost his grip on consen-
sual reality, and has become lost in Quiet or dangerously
insane. Any wrong committed by your Mentor may affect
your reputation, and some of your Mentor's dangerous
schemes may somehow involve you. This Flaw does not
apply to Marauders.

Mentor's Resentment: (I pt
Flaw)

Your Mentor dislikes you and wishes you ill. Given the
smallest opportunity, your Mentor will seek to do you
harm, and may even attack you if provoked. Your Mentor's
friends will also work against you. Good luck!

Twisted Apprenticeship: ( pt Flaw)

Your Mentor was quite malevolent and taught you all
the wrong things about mage society. Your concepts of
Chantry politics are all wrong, and your faulty beliefs are
likely to get you into a great deal of trouble. Over time, after
many hard lessons, you can overcome this bad start (the
Storyteller will tell you when). But until then, you will
continue to believe what you were first told, no matter how
others try to "trick" you into thinking otherwise.

Diabolical Mentor: (2 pt Flaw)

Your Mentor is engaged in acts that could cause a
tremendous uproar. She could be wantonly ignoring Proto-
cols, causing havoc with vulgar magick and Paradox, dealing
with Nephandi or torturing captured Technomancers.

Plenty of folks are after your Mentor's hide, and your skin

may be tarred with the same brush.

Notoriety: (3 pt Flaw)

You have a bad reputation among your peers; perhaps

you violated the Protocols once too often, or belong to an
unpopular Chantry. There is a two dice penalty to all dice
rolls for social dealings with associated mages. A character
with this Flaw may not take the Merit: Reputation.

Sleeper Society

These Merits and Flaws deal with the influence, power
and station of a character among the Sleepers. Some of
them correspond very closely to certain Background Traits
(such as Influence and Resources), while others simply
elaborate and expand upon them. The Backgrounds give
you more creative freedom, while the Merits provide you
with exact details of what you possess.

Such Influence is common among the upper ranks of
the Technocracy, but Tradition mages and even Nephandi
may share it. Mages with their fingers embedded too deeply
in these pies may find themselves crossing swords with
vampires, who exert a constant influence on the lives of the
mortals around them.

Black Market Ties: (I-5 pt
Merit)

You have special ties to the underground shopping
network, ties that help you acquire hard-to-find equip-
ment. This Merit adds + 1 die per point to your Streetwise
roll when trying, for instance, to obtain black market
weaponry. Difficulties for such rolls are left up to the
Storyteller (typically 7 or higher). The point cost reflects
how "connected" you may be. The Storyteller may allow
you to use your Black Market connections during the game
to provide you with needed or useful equipment. Such
connections will not simply hand you whatever you want
—such things don't come cheap! It is up to the Storyteller
to determine the quantity, quality and availability of the

equipment. He may feel free to disallow it entirely if such
connections would unbalance the game.

¢ One point— Small items: ammo, low-clearance ID
badges, good software

¢ Two points— Average items: guns, hi-tech soft-
ware, special ammo

* Three points— Fancy item
sives, automatic weapons

antique cars, explo-

¢ Four points— Hefty items: heavy weapons, high-
security IDs or access codes

* Five points— "Yeah, right. Maybe next game.": hi-
tech military weapons, high explosives, military vehicles

Judicial Ties: (2 pt Merit)

You have both influence over and contacts in the

justice system. You know most of the judges as well as the

attorneys in the prosecutor's department, and can affect
the progress of various cases and trials with limited diffi-

culty. Though it is difficult to intervene in a case, you can
influence it in one direction or another. These ties can also
make it easy to acquire search warrant:

Mansion: (3 pt Merib)

You own a large mansion— a home with 25 or more
rooms— as well as the surrounding estate. The servants, if
you have any, are provided for if you choose this Merit,
although they cannot be used as Acolytes (Allies) unless
you purchase the appropriate Background. The mansion is
assumed to have the most current electronic security avail-

able and a fence around the perimeter, but has no ties to
Nodes or Horizon Realms (see the Chantry Background for
such a place). While the mansion can be in as poor or as
good a shape as you wish, the more inhabited it appears to
be, the more attention it will garner. A ghost house won't
attract IRS audits, but it may attract police scrutiny if bands
of strange kids hang out there.

Media Ties: (2 pt Merit)

You have both influence over and contacts in the local

media. You can suppress and create news stories (though

not always with 100 percent efficiency; journalists are an

unruly bunch) and you have access to the files and gossip of

the staffs of newspapers and TV stations. Common among
agents of the N.W.O. and Virtual Adepts.

Nightclub: (2 pt Merit)

You own a moderate-sized nightclub, perhaps one of
the hottest nightspots in the city. This club brings in
enough money to support you in moderate luxury ($1000 a
month, but it can grow), but more important than the
money is the prestige. You may use the nightclub as your
Chantry, or you may simply hang out there. The name of
the nightclub, its style, design and its regular patrons are all
up to you. Variations on this theme could include: a
restaurant, theater, comedy club, sports arena or retail
store.

Book One: Gifts of Awakening 4B


Church Ties: (3 pt MeriD

Youhave influence and contacts in some local churches,
and have the means to create protest rallies, help the needy
or raise money. The more you use your ties, of course, the
greater your risk of being discovered. This is appropriate for
the Celestial Chorus and, perversely, the Nephandi.

Corporate Ties: (3 pt Merit

You have both influence over and contacts in the local
corporate community. You understand the dynamics of
money in the city and have links with all the major players.
In times of need, you can cause all sorts of financial
mayhem, and can raise considerable amounts of money (in
the form of loans) in a very short period of time. Common
among Technomancers, and almost obligatory in the Syn-
dicate.

Entertainment Ties: (3 pt
Merib

You have a degree of fame and influence in the local
entertainment scene (music, theatre, dance, S.C.A.., etc.).
Either you own or manage a good venue or site or you have
some notoriety among both peers and fans. You can exert
this influence to ferret out information, or buy favors. This
is especially useful when searching for Acolytes or attempt-
ing unsubtle magick under the right circumstances ("But
he's a stage magician! He's always doing stuff like that.").

44 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

For 5 points, this fame can become nationwide (Is David
Copperfield really working for the Order of Hermes').

Police Ties: (3 pt Merit)

You have both influence over and contacts in the local
police department. You can, witha single phone call, cause
an APB to be issued. However, the more often you use your
ties with the police department, the weaker they become,
and the more attention you attract toward yourself. Your
influence is not solid (that can be achieved only through
game play), and it can let you down at times.

Political Ties: (3 pt Merit)

You have both influence over and contacts among the
politicians and bureaucrats of the city. In times of need, you
can shut off the power and water to a building or neighbor-
hood, and can unleash many different means of harassment
against your enemies. The more you use your political ties,
the weaker they become. Total control can only be achieved
through game play. Syndicate and N.W.O. mages often
have this Merit.

Onderworld Ties: (3 pt Merib

You have both influence over and contacts in the local
Mafia and organized street gangs. This provides you with
limited access to large numbers of "soldiers," as well as
extensive links to the underworld of crime. The more often


you use your ties with the criminal element, the weaker
they grow.

Corporation CEO: (5 pt Merit)

You have a particular influence and sway over a major
corporation and associated companies, just as if you were its
chief executive officer. Indeed, you might have owned this
company before your Awakening, and you have retained
your control. Through this corporation, you know much
that takes place in the corporate community and have the
means to wage economic warfare. This Merit provides you
with some informal Allies and Resources, the exact extent
of which are determined by the Storyteller. This is a
Common Merit for Technocracy higher-ups.

Ward: (3 pt Flaw)

You are devoted to the protection of a Sleeper. You
may describe your ward, though the Storyteller will actu-
ally create her. This character may be a friend or relative
from your pre-Awakened days, or just a good friend. Aco-
lytes do not count as Wards, as they "pay their own way."
Wards have a talent for getting caught up in the action of
stories, and they're frequent targets of a character's en-
emies.

Hunted: (4 pt Flaw)

Vampires and werewolves are not the only Awakened
who need to fear fanatical witch-hunters (see "The Rule of
Shade" in Book Three). You have somehow attracted the
interest of some Sleeper agency (perhaps controlled by the
Technocracy or Nephandi) or individual who now seeks
your destruction. This hunter is beyond reason and has
some form of power, influence or authority that puts you at
a disadvantage. Your friends, family and associates are
likewise endangered. Sooner or later, this Flaw will result in
aconfrontation. The resolution should not be an easy one.

Physical
These Merits and Flaws deal with your health and
physical makeup. Life 3 can recreate these Merits or fix
these Flaws to a degree, but the limitations of the Better

Body Effect apply.

Double-Jointed: (I pt Merit)

You are unusually supple. Reduce the difficulty of any
Dexterity roll involving body flexibility by two. Squeezing
through a tiny space is one example of a use for this Merit.

Huge Size: (4 pt Merit)

You are abnormally large in size, possibly over seven
feet tall and 400 pounds in weight. You therefore have one
additional Health Level, and are able to suffer more harm
before you are incapacitated. Treat this as an extra Health

Level, with no penalties to rolls.

Allergic: (-4 pt Flaw)

You are allergic to some substance — pollen, animal fur,
alcohol, chocolate, etc. For one point, you get hives, sneeze or
become dizzy upon prolonged contact with your bane; for two
points, you swell up uncomfortably in the affected area,
reducing all Dice Pools by one; for three points, your reaction
actually incapacitates you, reducing appropriate Dice Pools by
three. If the substance is really common in your chronicle, add
an additional point to this Flaw.

Asthma: (I pt Flaw)

You have difficulty performing strenuous tasks because
you cannot breathe properly. With asthma, your lungs only
pull in a fraction of the air that normal lungs require. Any
time that you exert yourself, you must make a Stamina roll
against difficulty of 6 or be unable to perform any action on
the next round while you catch your breath.

Short: (pt Flaw)

You are well below average height, and have trouble
seeing over high objects and moving quickly. You suffer a
two dice penalty to all pursuit rolls, and you and the
Storyteller should make sure your height is taken into
account in all situations. In some circumstances, this will
give you a concealment bonus.

Disfigured: (2 pt Flaw)

A hideous disfigurement makes you ugly and easy to
notice or remember. You therefore have a zero Appear-
ance. Common among the Nephandi and some particularly
bizarre Technomancers.

Child: (3 pt Flaw)

You were a small child at the time of your Awakening
(see "Child Mages" in Book Three). You may be preco-
cious, but you're still just a kid. You have the Flaw: Short
(see above), and find it difficult to be taken seriously by
others (two dice penalty toall relevant rolls). Additionally,
you may be subject to parental control, curfews and child
labor and truancy laws. Few clubs will admit you, because
you are "underage."

Deformity: (3 pt Flaw)

You have some kind of deformity —a misshapen limb,
a hunchback or whatever— that affects your interactions
with others and may inconvenience you physically. The
difficulties of all dice rolls related to physical appearance
are raised by two. Your deformity will also raise the diffi-
culty of some Dexterity rolls by two, depending on the type
of deformity you possess.

Lame: (3 pt Flaw)

Yoturlegd are' injured or otherwisesprevented: fom
working effectively. You suffer a two dice penalty to all dice

Book One: Gifts of Awakening 45


rolls related to movement. A character may not take this
Flaw along with the Merit: Double-Jointed.

One Arm: (3 pt Flaw)

You have only one arm — choose which, or determine
randomly at character creation. This could be a battle scar,
birth defect or other form of injury. It is assumed that you
are accustomed to using your remaining hand, so you suffer
no off-hand penalty. However, you do suffer a two dice
penalty to any Dice Pool where two hands would normally
be needed to perform a task. A character may not take this
Flaw along with the Merit: Ambidextrous.

Mute: (4 pt Flaw)

Your vocal apparatus does not function, and you can-
not speak at all. You can communicate through other
means — typically writing, Mind magick or signing.

Paraplegic: (6 pt Flaw)

You can hardly move without assistance, such as a pair
of crutches ora wheelchair. Even then it can be painful and
cumbersome to do so. The Storyteller and you should take
care to roleplay this Flaw correctly, no matter how difficult
it makes things. A character may not take this Flaw along
with the Merit: Double-Jointed.

New Backgrounds

Before enlightenment,

Carrying water and chopping wood.

After enlightenment,

Carrying water and chopping wood.

— Anonymous Zen Proverb

These Backgrounds may give achronicle
a bit of flavor. Some modifications to the
Talisman Background are provided in Book

Three. As always, the suitability of these
Backgrounds will depend on your Chronicle.

Chantry

This background can work two ways: with a straight-
forward rating of the player's Chantry strength, or in
tandem with the optional point-based system described in
Appendix Two of The Book of Chantries. Note that the
Chantry Background differs from the Node Background,
which refers to the amount of additional Quintessence the

players' cabal may access on its own.

If the rating equals the Chantry's strength, the charac-
ter belongs to an existing Chantry, sharing in its duties,
politics and wars. This membership is proportionate to the
character's rank; a beginning mage from Doissetep may
have powerful friends, but is still a beginning mage and sits
very low on the Chantry totem pole. This can be a mixed
blessing, as low-ranking mages from high-caliber Chantries
tend to get stuck with grunt work, deadly enemie:

and
cranky superiors. Storytellers are advised to play this up to
counterbalance the benefits of Chantry membership.
Weaker Chantries will demand less from their members
than powerful ones.

All cabal members must belong to the same Chantry if
this Background is chosen by more than one member,
unless the cabal has been formed specifically through an
alliance of Chantries (which is possible). Player characters
with Chantry membership can call upon a degree of help,
find certain information, or pull a bit of weight with other
mages, but are subject to Chantry laws (called covenants)

46 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

and the whims of their masters. This choice can provide
any number of story possibilities, but can be a pain as well.

If the characters are pooling their Chantry Back-
ground points, the characters may build the Chantry
themselves using the creation rules referred to above. For
simplicity, the Storyteller may compare the total of the
cabal's points against the table below:

ty Weak

Chai
Weak Ch, han mtry 19,
) Avera, ney, © Creatio,
age : n P
Strong Chay Si ; Teation Bary
Pow, SneLy, Si Teati ae
paul Chantry 50-7 'on Points
Whelmi, "ation Points

ing! 70-1
"ai ingly Powerful 1004

Cre €ation Points
Teation Points

If the characters build the Chantry, they run it. This
assures both independence and a never-ending stream of
headaches; maintenance, internal and external politics,
and possible discovery by outside parties. Players are re-
ferred to The Book of Chantries for details on Chantry
construction, workings and membership. Characters need
not have this Background to belong to a Chantry, but it
should be bought if that Chantry plays an important part in
the chronicle.

. 1 Creation Point, or membership in a pitiful
Chantry (the Nightmare Theatre)

oe 2 Creation Points, or a small Chantry (the
Sepulcher)

eee 3 Creation Points, or a strong Chantry (the
Lodge of the Gray Squirrel)

eeee —4Creation Points, ora powerful Chantry (the
House of Helekar)

eeeee 5 Creation Points, or an overwhelmingly
powerful Chantry (Doissetep)


Familiar

Mages with this Background have a familiar, an intel-
ligent creature of spirit-made-matter which is magically
bonded to the mage. But just as the familiar is bonded to the
mage, so too is the mage bonded to the familiar. The
relationship between a mage and her familiar varies widely,
but the relationship itself is an extremely powerful tie (see
the rules for familiars in Book Three).

The familiars of different Traditions tend to vary in
form. The familiars of Verbena are often cat-creatures,
while the familiars of the Dreamspeakers are more often
eagles, hawks, other birds or snakes. The Sons of Ether
imbue golems with the spirits of familiars
Hollow Ones have been known to take sewer rats or stray
familiars. The Virtual Adepts, it is said, even make
familiars out of their computers!

, while some

dog:

Regardless of their form, familiars provide their mages
with information and even abilities beyond those the mage
can attain alone. The exact nature of these powers varies

with the familiar. In return, familiars feed on the mage's
Quintessence. The strength of the familiar determines
both the amount of power and information it can confer to
the mage and the amount of Prime energy it must be fed
weekly. If it does not receive sufficient "food," the familiar

may become disgruntled and leave. If a familiar breaks its

bond, that mage loses all the benefits the familiar con-

ferred. A mage whose familiar dies immediately loses an
amount of Quintessence equal to twice the power level of
their familiar, as well as all the abilities conferred by the
familiar.

Mages with this Background are assumed to have
already called their familiar or to have used the Life Effect:
Imbue Flesh to create one.

. Familiar can eat one point of Paradox per
month. Familiar has access to a few pieces of information.
Requires one point of Quintessence per week.

e* Familiar can eat one point of Paradox every
other week and has access to noteworthy pieces of informa-
tion. Requires two points of Quintess

nce per week.

eee Familiar can eat one point of Paradox per
week, knows a great deal about Esoteric subjects and is
considered equivalent to a one dot Mentor. Requires three
points of Quintessence per week.

eeee Familiar can eat two points of Paradox per
week and is considered a two dot Mentor forstudy purposes.
Requires four points of Quintessence per week.

@eeee Familiar can eat one point of Paradox per day
and has a vast wealth of information, equivalent to a three
dot Mentor. Requires five points of Quintessence per week.


Resources

Mages can get their hands on money in a variety of
ways. Many Virtual Adepts siphon funds from bank ac-
counts; Celestial Chorus mages or Acolytes may "pass the
hat" and coincidentally end up with more money than one
would think possible; Hollow Ones and Cultists of Ecstasy
often use Mind magick to beg; Technocracy research asso-
ciates wrangle over funding for their special projects. Some
mages even conjure money "as needed" by using vulgar
magick. All of these methods work, and all have acommon
drawback: sooner or later, someone wonders where these
mages get all their money.

"Someone" can take many forms— IRS agents, N.W.O.
snoops, Paradox Spirits, citizens' watchdog groups or just
plain thugs. Th

parties will, when they discover a mage's
monetary indiscretions, seek to part that mage from his
funds by one means or another. Thus, while magickally

augmenting one's income works once in a while, it's a good
idea to have more mundane Resources at hand.

This Ti

to such resource:

t describes your financial resources or access
These Resources are not completely

y. It

may take weeks or even months to doso, depending on how

liquid assets, but you can often sell them to gain mone

much needs to be sold. It may even represent your regular
"haul" from one or more of the methods described above.

This Trait assumes that the character gains a basic
allowance each month appropriate to the level of Re-
sources. The source of this income must be detailed, however,
as it could easily "dry up" depending on the circumstances
of the chronicle.

° Small savings: You have an apartment and
perhaps a motorcycle. If liquidated, you would have $1000
in cash. Allowance of $500 a month.

oe Middle clas:
dominium. If liquidated, you would have $8,000 in cash.
Allowance of $1200 a month.

eee Large savings: You own a house (or at least
have some equity). If liquidated, you would have $50,000
in cash. Allowance of $3000 a month.

eee Well-off: You own a large house, or perhaps a

You have an apartment or con-

dilapidated country manor. If liquidated, you would have
$500,000 in cash. Allowance of $9000 a month.

eee Fantastically rich: Youare easily a millionaire
many times over. If liquidated, you would have at least
$5,000,000 in cash. Allowance of $30,000 a month.

Sanctum

"Sanctum" is a general term for a place where a mage
"sets" reality to her paradigm, shaping it to her will. This
Background provides a safe place to experiment — a spot
protected against mundane intrusions or, to a degree,
Paradox. Sanctums are not Horizon Realms or Chantries.
They exist in consensual reality, although they have some

48 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide


amount of privacy and protection. Sanctums can vary from
dungeons filled with weird science contraptions to a
Verbena's cottage still room, from uptown apartments
filled with alchemical and academic regalia to out-of-the-
way chapels frequented by believing Sleepers.

Sanctums contain many of the bulkier foci that a mage
might use— cauldrons, summoning circles, alchemy gear
orclone tanks. These foci serve a duel purpose: assisting the
mage with her work and helping her maintain the integrity
of the Sanctum. This stock of foci can be rather unusual—
herbs, devices, offerings, ancestral bones, hallucinogens
and special musical instruments are a few examples.

Setting up a Sanctum requires some prep time. The
mage selects a suitable place, stocks it and enacts her will
upon it in some fashion. Dreamspeakers may perform a
spirit-summoning rite; Ecstasy Cultists might share a
visionquest; a Verbena might cast protective wards, while
a Batini might pray Allah's blessings on the place. New
mages can inherit a Sanctum from their mentors or share a
communal circle. The details should be decided by the
Storyteller and players.

Because the mage has "set" the reality within a Sanc-
tum to coincide with her own beliefs, magick often
considered vulgar is considered coincidental in a mage's
chosen Sanctum. This allows her to roll her straight Arete
when using magick, regardless of its "vulgarity." Paradox is
likewise figured as if an effect cast in the Sanctum were
coincidental. Sanctums also reduce magick difficulties if a
mage takes her time, grant a temporary point of Arcane
within the Sanctum, and make some helpful skills possible
(see pp. 111-112 for the rules on magick and Abilities).
These effects last indefinitely, so long as the mage periodi-

cally "re-sets" the room's paradigm. Though these benefits
apply only inside the Sanctum, fighting a mage on her
home ground is a dangerous task.

Many esoteric supplies can be kept or grown in a
Sanctum— potions, minerals and metallic ores, animal
components (raven's claws, rabbit pelts, goldfish and white
mice), musty tomes, strange bubbling serums or whatever
fits. The source of these components can be anything from
aclassic witch's garden to a junior high school science lab
"gifted" by student discoveries. Mages of all types sharpen
their concentration with proper "trappings." These usually
depend on the type of Sanctum.

Sanctums may only encompass a room or two— no
more than 200 square feet or so. Different Traditions are at
a-1 touse each other's "workspace" due to minor paradigm
differences. Some mages may not use others' Sanctums at
all —a Son of Ether won't have much use for an ancestral
burial mound. Sanctumsare rated by their stock of supplies,
their effect on magick roll difficulties, and the Arcane the
owner gains when "home".

. Barely adequate stock: no reductions for dif-
ficulties, although the owner's magick is all coincidental
here. One point of Arcane.

oe Small stock; difficulties reduced by 1. Two
points of Arcane.

. Average stock; difficulties -2. Three points of
Arcane.

eeee Good stock; difficulties -3. Four points of
Arcane.

°

ee Excellent stock; difficulties -4. Five points of
Arcane.

Book One: Gifts of Awakening 49



Book Two:

Faces of

is not a simple set of rules. It's a very complex

struggle of conflicting patterns of values.

— Robert Pirsig, Lila

Look into the soul of the mage, and you
f will see a Path: a destiny and paradigm that
guides his steps, beliefs and actions. Vam-
pires follow the dictates of survival in a
§ soulless existence because they know they
are immortal and damned. A vampire either
fights the Beast within or rides it to destruc-
tion. Werewolves are gallantly doomed from

birth to battle teeth-to-throat with an un-
stoppable foe. The mage is different: he makes his own
destiny. Though guided by an Avatar, Mentor and circum-
stances, the mage steps out from the mass of Sleepers and
sets out to shape reality by force of knowledge, hand and
will.

Each Pathisa lonely road; we are born alone and we die
alone. The mage, with his insight of the Big Picture, stands
more alone than most of us. There are so many foes, inside
and out, and so many choices, temptations and failures. For

security and survival, most mages join some sort of fellow-
ship— a Tradition or Convention sharing some common
ground with the mage himself. Predictably, these Paths
disagree; many see worldwide Ascension as the day when

their chosen group wins out over the others. A few see
Ascension as unity, a future where all Paths become one.
Neither option seems to be approaching anytime soon.
In the spirit world, many say, there is a rough corre-
spondence to the Triat: the Weaver (Stasis), the Wyld
(Dynamism) and the Wyrm (Entropy). Whether this Triat
represents physical beings or metaphysical concepts could
be debated at great length. In any case, the strongest mage
factions seem to correspond to this Triat: the Technocracy
tothe Weaver, the Marauders to the Wyld and the Nephandi
to the Wyrm, with the Traditions treading a middle Path
between them all. Perhaps it's this middle road that leads to
ultimate Ascension. The world may never know.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick


The Traditions

The Akashic Brotherhood

Seekers of

Perfection

And* there we have it; the whole thing;
caste, karma, the wheel-of rebirth and escape
$f from it; an association of the moon with the cycle

2 of death and birth, and of the solar door with
‘release; disciples of secular piety (sacrificial rites ,
almsgiving, etc.) as the means to a favorable
birth, as well as to a pleasant heavenly sojourn among the
fathers, and, on the other hand, disciplines of austerity prac-
ticed in the forest, asthe means to release.

— Joseph Campbell, The Masks of
God: Oriental Mythology

The Disciple, Fall Breeze, sat in
lotus position before=the Chanery's
two Pedagogues:

Sitting motionléss in medita>
tive posture, Gentle Mountain's
mind locked deeply into inner tran-
quillity and the flowing currents of
Quintessence.

Raging Eagle's muscular form
glided subtly through anornate kata.
His focus marked locations just within
reach of his lashing limbs that moved
quicker than the eye could see.

"What is the way to Ascension?" The
question bubbled up into Fall Breeze's meditating
mind.

"Perfection of the mind." The thoughts of Gentle Moun-
tain, hummed in her head.

"Perfection of the body." Raging Eagle spoke the words in
slow.distinct syllables: His, body seemed to fly with his leaping
Kicks to the high arched roof.

"Ts it both ways? Is it ewo ways at once? Is that the secret?"
She tried to center herself, but the questions kept bubbling up
from her subconscious

For centuries, the Akashic Brotherhood has been
broken down into séveral'8chools of thought. The primary
schools being those of the development of the mind and the
development of the body. Perfection of human nature is the
key to both. Peace of being achieved by understanding of
the form and limitations of each: One must understand the
selfin order to understand the Cosmic All and one's place
within it.

52 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

"There are as many ways to Ascension as there are people
avho have Ascended." Gentle Mountain's logic fit snugly into
Fall Breeze's psyche. It made so/much truth that it hurt her
brain.

"In repeated incarnations, we slowly work our Avatars
forward toward Ascension." Raging Eagle's kicking and punch-
ing continued. Now it seemed as though three-or four images of
him darted about the dais.

"How do | attain it?" She cursed and tried again to clear all
thoughts from her mind.

"Ascension is not a possession." Raging Eagle blew out
twenty candles nearly three meters away witha sweep-
ing kick.

"But how does one achieve it? Why
aspire to find it if we travel toward it
naturally?" Fall Breeze lips slowly.

mouthed the words, but her thoughts
projected from her mind with greater
clarity. She could contain her need

for answers no longer.

"Forge the bod into tharwhich
it was meant to be: Link into the
primal forces of the Pattern and.
focus it through you. Become the

higher being you are." Raging Eagle

leapt in.a mighty flying kick to trans-

verse the length of the training hall from

the dais to the far confining wall and kicked)

@ stone statue twice his size into smokeclike'

dust before recoiling back to land with one leg still
poised in the air.

"Tt is the will of your mind." Gentle Mountain's thoughts
rolled out to encompass Fall Breeze. It felt like the old man's
mind was within her. Like he was her. Like he was everything.
She knew that Gentle Mountain was right; there, was' no.
doubting that fact. "You must think within Your mind into a!
single-point; thus, the human mind encompasses the:Cosmic
All."

With great power comes great responsibility. Hubris
gets in the way of many. Such individuals aré-fuel, for the
Ascension War— fodder for the cosmic cycle: The goal of
the Akashic Brotherhood is personal Ascension. Be pure in
mind. Remember that meditation and being is the method
to achieve enlightenment and, through enlightenment,
‘Ascension. Do not be distracted by the need to battle. Do
not hesitate to destroy those who block* your! Way ‘or
impede the Flow.

a ese

ee a i i

Ses i Pn


le ies iret — iad

"Understanding the world? Feeling separate from it? Lost
to the Umbra? Becoming a Sleeper to think about it never again?

"No one knows. Few of those who Ascend return. Those
that managed to do so can never last long in the Realm. Oncethe
form has reached saturation with Quintessence, the physical
Pattern begins to-dissolve. It can no longersfind representation
in this plane of existence, for it is too big'tofit. "Raging Eagle's
voice seemed to be spoken so that the words would'reach Fall
Breeze's ears and hers alone,

"Such power transcends the rationale that makes up what
we sense."

There is a greater truth that the Akashic Brotherhood
seeks. It can not be found in leatned study or hours of
teaching. The goal can only be shown by example. The
individual must look deep within himselfand Summon up
the strength and sight to find what it is to be. The act of
trying to do continually gets in the way of this. The process
isnaturaland must occur with intense concentration until
it can be naturally occurring, Like'a river bed directs the
flow of water, so should the Avatar of the mage learn to
direct Prime.

"Peace of mind. Obtain the Balance. Feel the intense
euphoria of the Pure Ones rushing th¥ough you. Being tran-
scends spacevand time. It is everywhere and always."

"How do I achieve this?" Her mind raced. Through her
mental link with Gentle Mountain, she watched her body flood
with the Quintessence that made up the Patterns that established
the Realm.

"Are we not your teachers?" The words and. thoughts
paused. "This you must achieve by yourself: We can only lead
you through the foothills:

"You must scale the mountain alone «Only through one's
own strength of being can Ascension beachieved."

"Perfect the body in order for the mind to have its proper
place. If the body is weak, it draws down the vitality of the brain.
Ruin your brain, and you will ruin your mind."

Fall Breeze felt her link to Gentle Mounuain slipping away.

"The goal is to perfect the body, but, sincethis requires
thought, the mindmust train itself to concentrate its will into the
tightest of points "You must not think about it. Allow your mind
to find its own way. Be. The Avatar is the guide."

Fall Breeze grasped at their thoughts and words, but her
mind was still slipping.

"The body must remain limber, One must focus to purify
the body of poisons and foreign matter."

Fall Breeze adjusted her posture and leaned into the teach-
ings with her mind.

"Pick away extraneous thoughts. Concentration is the
key." Raging Eagle locked his body into a steady stance. His feet
remained still; but his form:began to slide along the brick work
until he had transversed the room. With\a mighty leap, he was
back upon the dais

"Open your eyes to what is called ‘Ascension' ."

f

4

Book Two: The Faces of Magick

53

"Attune to the All, and the All will see through you. Be
your most efficient state. Lean into it. What are you trying to
achieve? Be; do not do."

The Akashic Brotherhood applies basic principles one
at atime. A group of ideas may be related to an individual.
That individual must decide which idea is most important,
finding the principle upon which her Avatar must focus.

Questioning by the student is an important part of this
process; people can not truly learn what they are not
interested in. Purification and practice of the Do with strict
adherence to directions given bya Mentor are necessary to
grasp complete comprehension.

Fall Breeze felt her thoughts drifting to happy times; she
concentrated into the Flow.

"Never give up the path or leave learning to a one view
perspective of existence. Expand your senses."

"Cleanse the body. Be asyou must to purify. Without this,
you will never reach Ascension."

"The body should be free of the pollutants that the beast-
mencall the Wyrm. Be not corrupt. Be true to yourself. Cleanse
yourself of that which sickens you. Your mind, body and spirit
must run clean as the cold, clear mountain streams."

"Gain harmony in your heart. The rest will follow. All
things fall into their appropriate place in time."

54 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

"Project yourself from. the fires that kindle deeply within
you. Fuel it and make it grow. Built ic up until your Pattern is
consumed."

"Slow down." The sudden flood of information rushed too
rapidly through Fall Breeze's mind.

"Go to town and beg for some rice."

Who had said that? Her thoughts fractured. She sat in the
empty temple once again. Her eyes blinked in the darkness, She
shook her arms and straightened her spine

The members of Akashic Brotherhood have alwa
Meditation takes place in temples,
and, during states of intense mediation, Mentors "appear"
to students either through use of the Sphere of Mind or via

lead monastic lifestyl

the Correspondence or Time Sphere. This withdrawn state
lends to the Brothers' peace of mind. Through the'use ofthe
Second Rank of the Sphere of the Mind; it is easy for a
Brother to discern true teaching from false.

Slowly Fall Breeze left the temple. A simple bowshowed her,
respect as she pulled cloth shoes onto callused feet. She strapped
on her outer travelling clothes with her sash and walked away
from the tree-lined mountain side.

The small villagevat the bottom of the hill— that would be
the place where she would find rice and with rice would come
another day to seek Ascension


Celestial Chorus

Keepers of the
Faith

Harmonies unheard' create the harmonies
we hear and wake'the soul to the consciousness
‘of beauty, showing it the one essence in another
kind; for the measures of our music are not
arbitrary, but are determined by the Principle
whose labor is to dominate matter and bring pattern into being.

— Plotinus

Brother Randall Dexter knelt to examine the youngwoman.
She had been badly beaten, and Dexter could detect a severe
concussion and several broken bones. She would most likely die
without immediate attention. Dexter glanced toward the mouth
of the alley in which the wuoman lay. Seeing no one, he quietly
began to sing. Running his hands lightly over the woman's body,
he healed the worst of her injuries. He stood as she slowly
regained consciousnes:

The Celestial Chorus remains haunted by its past.
Although it has had a long history of guiding and protect-
ing the Sleepers, it is all too often remembered for its
involvement in the Inquisition. Unfortunately, a few ex-
treme members of the Celestial Chorus used the Inquisition
to ferret out and punish mages who were guilty of having
beliefs or philosophies that these zealots deemed incorrect.

Other Traditions like to forget that the Sleepers were
ultimately responsible for the atrocities of the Inquisition
and place the blame on the Celestial Chorus. While the
Chorus— like all Traditions— has always contained its
contingent of zealots, the majority of its members are more
concerned with the hand of mercy than with the fist of
discipline. The Chorus' detractors all too easily ignore the
good that the Chorus has done.

More than any other Tradition, the Celestial Chorus
is concerned with the well-being of the Sleepers: the goal
of the Chorus is to help usher all toward Ascension. While
many mages live cloistered lives of song-filled meditation,
many others serve the Sleepers in a variety of manners.
Some do so through vigilance against the many evils in the
Tapestry— the Kindred, the Nephandi, the Technocracy,
even some Sleepers. Others serve the Sleepers by tending
to those in need: ministering to innocent victims in war
zones, helping the homeless, junkies and other lost souls of
urban blight, or merely travelling from place to place and
isting Sleepers as they can. The m

sionaries become
important parts of the local community, sources of spiritual
ngth, solace and encouragement. They are never known

as mages, of course, and are seen in more mundane term
the doctorata local clinic, the missionary, the parish priest,
the social worker.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 55


"How are you feeling, Miss?" Dexter asked.

The woman put her hand to her head, wincing. Her
response was limited to a low groan. Dexter took her'arm and
helped her stand. He recognized her from the streets: another
hooker. They had even spoken on occasion: She was probably
beaten by her john for some imagined offense. Ma'ybe she was yet
another victim of a trick turned bad.

"They're comin' for you, brother," the woman said. "They
set you up. Get outta here while you can." She leaned against
Dexter for support. She looked around, frightened, confused,
and still dazed. Slowly at first, and then more strongly, Dexter
realized that he had been drawn into a trap with abait he could
not ignore,

The squealing of car tires caused Dexter to,turn quickly
to the mouth of the alley: an immense black Cadillac
blocked his exit. "Men in Black?" Dexter thought,
confused. Four men stepped out, indeed in black,
but not the-soulless uniforms of the Technoc-
yacy: instead they wore leathers and overcoats
and reached for weapons beneath their
coats. He had seen these men
before too: enforcers for a local
criminal whose drug and prostitution
business had been suffering due to Dexter's
presence in the community.

Mages tend to make enemies easily, but
few Traditions other than the Celestial Chorus
garner enemies merely by helping people. Certainly,
members of the Chorus who feel called to battle against
the myriad evils of the universe are likely to establish a
roster of enemies. However, even those who minister to
helpless Sleepers are likely to attract undue attention.
While injudicious use of magick attracts the Technocracy,
of course, the well-intentioned activities of some Chorus
members also attracts the attention of Sleepers who profit
from the suffering of others: drug pushers, pimps, crime
lords and others.

The thugs raced down the alley, apparently interesved in
taking Dexter alive. Dexter contemplated a fight. He could best
the Sleeper thugs easily with even coincidental magick. But the
‘woman' s presence created.an obvious problem. She was likely to
be caught in any crossfire that ensued, and he was not willing to
take the risk. She was obviously expendable enough for the thugs
to beat her and use her as bait. He doubted that they'd show any
conéern forvher Safety now;

He withdrew a tiny silver orb from a jacket pocket, then
hurled it to the ground. Smoke began to pour out from the broken.
shell, obscuring him from the four men, Grabbing the woman
around her waist, he began to ascend the wall of one of the
buildings enclosing the alley. He hoped the woman was still too
addled to fully realize what was happening as they scaled the
building more quickly than could be possible. Dexter felt the cold
mist of Paradox settle into him as he defied reality. He hated it
when that happened, but he had no choice at the moment.

56 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

The Celestial Chorus has' produced its share of mili-
tant crusaders, and few Chorus membets are totally without
some combat training, Martyrdom is not uncommon as a
trait in the Celestial Chorus, but those who fall in battle
tend to take their enemies with them. While certain zealots
may be willing to sacrifice Sleepers for the greater good,
most Chorus members will not endanger the innocents
they are sworn to guide and protect. Cowards are rare
among the Chorus, but the Tradition avoids conflict when-
ever possible, Likewise, even the more peaceful members of
the Chorus can be brave fighters when necessary.

Dexter gained the roof with his squirming package. He had
only.a matter of minutes before the thugs began searching the

area. This wasino time to be gentle: he deftly pressed on the
woman' s carotid, and she fellinto limp unconsciousness.
He shifted his perceptions to a nearby shelter for
battered women, anumber of blocks away. Seeing
that the alley behind it was empty, he stepped
intott.

He banged on the rear door of
the shelter. It opened partially,
and a woman's familiar face
peered out through the chained open-
ing. "Dex! What the hell happened?"

"No time now, Sandra," Dexter hissed.
"Open up!" The door closed momentarily as the.
chains were undone, and then it reopened. Sandra
gestured Dexter and his charge in, and closed the thick
door behind them, locking it. Dexter carefully deposited the
woman on one of the'matty cots that filled the small room.

"How'd you find this one?" his friend asked, examining the
woman. Dexter merely shrugged. The less said, the better.
Sandra had accepted that along time ago. She had learned to love
her friend for his selflessness and allow him his many enigmas.
He'd answer when he was ready.

Members of the Chorus tend to gather a flock wherever
they go. The mage and her flock have a teciprocal relation-
ship: while the flock usually depends upon the mage for
guidance and solace, the mage must sometimes call upon'
her flock for assistance. Most of the mage's flock will not
know of the mage's true nature; they just see her as a
dynamic, dedicated individual, Sometimes, ifthe mage has
learned to trust someone enough, she will share her secret.

They were in a private office' on the second floor of the
shelter. "Will you be all right?" Sandra asked. Dexter was
glancing down at the'street through the blinds. He shrugged.
There was no way the thugs would guess he was here, but he
didn't want to endanger anyone else, just in case.

"Will SHE be all right?" he responded.

"The usual," Sandra shrugged. "We'll clean her up, give
her a place to stay, and hope'she keeps off the streets. Chances
are, in a few months, she'll be turning tricks again." Sandra
looked closely, at her friend vind saidy-"You never can tell, of
course. Maybe you‘just changed her life, the way you changed

En an eNO


mine." Sandra smiled warmly , looking nothing like the homeless
drug addict that Dex had befriended five years go.

Many members of the Chorus feel that even one life
saved, one spirit nurtured, is worth any amount of personal
tisk and self-sacrifice. Some Chorus members may take
vows of abstinence and poverty, but this is hardly a rule.
Other Chorus members will still engage in sexual activity
and maintain an interest in financial matters. Even then, it
is often with an understanding of the ephemeral nature of
money and sexual satisfaction. Even those that remain
unattached to any one person are never lonely: they are
surrounded by a caring and' loving flock, as well as the
memories of their personal successes and the fire of their
commitment.

Dexter sat alone in the office, his feet on a coffee table. He
leaned his head back and closed his eyes. "What to do?" he
wondered. He had been here less than a year, and he'd already
seen a change in the community. People's faces seemed bright-
ened by hope, and the streets seemed alittle less grim than before.
Unfortunately, he was starting to attract enemies. He knew
from experience that enemies could be ignored or avoided for
only so long. It was time for action.

He fondled the cross at his neck, fingering the small blazing
sun in the center of the cross.. Silently, he issued a supplication
to the One. Should he take the war back to his enemies? He could
easily defeat one crimelord, but did he want to deal with an army
of brainless thugs? Was it worth the risk of possibly alerting the
Technocracy? Should he just leave, let his flock languish and
driftback away from Ascension after he had brought them so far?

Many commonly interpret the Celestial Chorus as a

religion of its own. Rather, it is a shared meta-belief: all
religions are manifestations of the One, and as all creation
came from the One, all creation ultimately belongs in the
One again. While the Chorus has been predominantly
Christian for centuries, it contains members froma number
of religious traditions. Likewi:
éxist within the Chorus; a long-standing point of debate is
whether the One should be perceived as male, female,
neither or both. Regardless, most within the Chorus be-
lieve that all god asks of the One, and all they can
really do is discuss the masks. The One defies true compre-
hension.

e, a multitude of factions

are mi

Dexter sighed. He had gained too much just to leave now
arid abandon his people. He knew his life would not be easy if he
took this path. He could have chosen a life of contemplative
solitude in a remote Chantry, but this was his Destiny. The
Nephandi-slayers think their job is tough.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 57


| Revelers in

Dream

The Grateful Dead are the best answer
today to the atom bomb.
— Joseph Campbell, "Ritual and Rapture"
Jank strode through the dark, dank tunnel,
past sector numbers stenciled on the peeling paint of
"He stepped off the musty concrete floor of the
emerged in paradise. The bright sunlight
ight, prismatic colors before his eyes, as
ies in lavish tie-dyed clothes swirled and

lithe, supp

ebbed before ies of smoke floated delicately on the
air. Graceful B and musky hemp. And the music— the
sacred music enfold

m like a blessed womb and drew him
forward into the gathe Bi et
The esoteric purp
encoded into their name. TI
Greek phrase "ex stasis," or "Out
founded to literally break out 6
A \ ration of all aspects of huma
. \ simple, but easily misundersto
\ by restricting possibilities, it is th
-o explore other paths. They cont
ofthe world fears— the shado
any other Traditions see the
elf-obsessedsensualists who
gick. In truth, they are
a world of enslaves

hand forbidde

Cult ‘of Ecstasy is secretly

as havingfun. Heknew who they

sfore he saw them: two menin ill-fitting poly-blend suits that were
"several years too old and several inches too tight. Their distended
power bellies protruded over belts cut with extra notches, and their
‘arms were crossed and folded over their chests, as if to protect their
heatts from the outpouring of love from the swaying crowd. Their
mouths frowned, and their eyes smoldered. They were the self-
appointed yet unwitting guardians of static reality, foot soldiers in
the trenches of the reality wars— in a word, cops. Jank noted with
sly amusement his momentary pity forthe men, who scowled when
they methis gaze. Afterall, they were village-buming grunts in their

‘own personal Viemam against substance abuse. They had put their

58 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

oF |

bodies on the line in a war they could never win but could
fighting. He indulged the moment of pity , marked their location,
‘moved on into the warm, pulsing, inviting crowd.

urgent informa

The Cult of Ecstasy has confounded mages of the

nocracy time and time again throughout their colorful histor
Like tricksters, they shatter seemingly monolith: rn
from within. Though they have lost many bat
Technocratic juggernaut, they have also infiltrat
tutions that are the cornerstones of static reali
away from the inside. When holy warriors fo
conversions from the pagan worshippers of Pan‘and Dionysusy|
the Cult of Ecstasy simply went ‘underground within the
Church. They covertly encour
ecstatic worshipand the great

through the establishment ¢
the Church managed to
remaining sexual intere:

of Ecstasy freedom oes
tion theology.

ordpoint

sacramental debauchery
heresy— Goddess worship
he Cult of the Virgin. Tho
se cualize their priests, twistit

[that she was freshly Awaket

igs that danced

ey grew oblivious to the. r
assed Jank drew

ind sometimes caressed
m of Maura's dress and pulled
Othe music that ow indisti
4 moment, Jank's rational mind

Beclcce Ne ole nind odd
in my fugue state, I decided to not a.
e." A he went under again, overtaken by the

spirits th

food, the

their sact sal beings witht esa

eternity. The inocracy has gained greatpowerand robbed

mankind of one of the gréatest sources of poter or Aw
ening ‘by demonizing sexuality: The Cult of Ecstasy
i e e ponulacs thi


sexual energy is only made damaging by binding it up, cutting
it off or bringing it where it is not welcome.

Convention mages have propagandized that the Cult of
Ecstasy sanctions all forms of sex. Much to more "conven-
tional" mages' disgust, this includes "deviant" practices as well
— domination, body alteration, S&M and others. Many
Cultists acknowledge the thin line between pleasure and pain
and see a transcendental Path through both. True to their
credo, however, the Cult of Ecstasy does not sanction forced
sex. Rape, molestation and pederasty are even more reprehen-
sible to Cultists than to the populace at large; these perversions
violate the sanctity of.a person's inner self and defile what
should be divine. Sadly; too many outside the Cult see all
forms of sex as dirty and everything as perversion.

The Cult's phenomenal success in unleashing
the sexual revolution of the 60's and 70's began to
trigger mass Awakenings across the
globe, causing the Technoeracy to
retaliate with drastic effortstomake
sex fearsome and deadly. The Gult
of Ecstasy perseveres, howevery
and actively seeks a solution to

the AIDS crisis that stands be-
tween mankind and mass
Bickening.

Jank and Maura finished their
Teverie, and sank peacefully to the grass
Ofthe stadium. They lay in silence, breath-
ing deeply, in the twilight. Gentle clouds of

smoke floaed past them, the warm, familiar
‘smell awakening delicate visions that ewinkled
at the edge of their perceptions. Jank smiled at
the power of the contact high; with his Awakened
Sensitivities and Time mastery, there was noneed to
‘actually smoke dope anymore. He looked over at
Maura and peered deeply into the young mage's spirit.
The warm, wet power in her surged impatiently, like a
young dragon. The pair nestled in each other's arms,

and felt the world breathe with them as the stars began
to break through the darkening sky.

The most powerful lie'told to discredit the Cult of
Ecstasy is that they use and advocate the use of all drugs. The
truth is more elaborate, and does not reduce well'to simple-
minded sloganeering. The Cult of Eestasy advocates personal
responsibility in consciousness-alteration, rejecting the no-
tion that anyone should be allowed to restrict the choices of
others. They do not, however, feel that all drugs are created
equal.

Most members of the Cult respect psychedelics — re-
vered by mankind for centuries as sacred materials — but
Teject tranquilizers, stimulants and prescription drugs that
mask illness without curing it. They refer to_psychedelics as
"opening up" or "running toward" drugs, believing that judi-
cious use of psychedelics'can impel humans toward great
revelation, insight and joy. Alcohol, nicotine, barbiturates
and cocaine, however, are called "closing down" or "running

away" drugs, because they numb the valuable pain and joy that
are such essential parts of life.

The Cult of Ecstasy is, however, divided over the use of
synthetic psychedelics like LSD. Some embrace them as more
potent versions of natural hallucinogens, but others feel that
only "natural" drugs really create truly natural breakthroughs.
Most Ecstatic mages realize that the power of the mind
unleashed requires a steady hand, and frown on careless

tripping.

Because both natural and unnatural psychadelics have
such great power, the forces of order have manipulated politi-
cal and military institutions to suppress the "running toward"
drugs, even in traditional religious settings, while flooding the
market with

"running away" drugs, even re-
sorting to using the
Technomancer-influ-
encedCIA toimport
vast quantities co-
caine into the U.S
Many Cultists fear
thatthe Progeni-
tors have a finger in
the drugpie, and that they
use their own chemical compounds to
further enslave the Sleepers.

Jank floated blissfully through the
deep pools of longing, drawing power and
soothing old wounds. Gradually, along, low
vibration huemmed through him. He responded
toitonacellular level,andmoved toward it like a child.
to.a mother's breast. The vibration brought him back
up toward the surface, and he emerged in the stadiun
again. Thé Dead were playing "Ripple," andlit raised Kim
up out of HB pools of longing and into deems like a cofbrful

balloon onastring. He sailed high into the ai, and Saw thecrowd
belowas aswirling, shifting mandala of héalengeniey's Mavera
Was there aswells.sing her roiling power to fuel the iuingimandala
that pulsed to the music. A boundless presence surrounded and
engulfed them. "Ripple in still water..."
The:Cult of Ecstasyireveres music above all forms of
consciousness exploration, though even they scarcely under-
stand the magickal effects of music. Music seems to defy clear
gorization. Some members theorize that music is part of
the fundamental vibration thatsummoned reality and life into
being. Perhapsiunderstanding the chords and rests of music
will bringan intuitive understanding of the chords and rests of
Universe. Perhaps these sacred harmonies hold the keys to
Ascension.

The Technocracy's mages have noreal way to stop music,
though they've enjoyed 'some success with commercializing
music to banality. They have, hoyvever, failed badly.at remov-
ing transcendent music from the hands of Sleepers, letalone
mages. Clumsy attempts to ban performers and put warning
labels onjrecordings usually crash.and-burn, though recent
attempts have been more*successful. Most Cult of Ecstasy:
members take fulladvanitage ofthe legality and availability of

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 59


music and become musicians or avid music lovers. Many
employ musicand dance as foci for their magick. Although
they rarely.agree about which musie affords the greatest
potential for Ascension, the fiercely independent Cult of
Ecstasy members put aside their-differences to enjoy music
together in blessed silence. :

This openness to all forms of sensation exposes the da
side of the Tradition. Sensual transcendence opens the flood-

gates to the passions. Hate, fury, greed, lust beyond reason or
" respect — these are passions, too, and the Cultists of Ecstasy
are perhaps more vulnerable than most mages to the bestial»:

side of their natures, Addiction to @ transcendental state

becomes a plague to the Culltists as well; some forget howto
function without artificially-boosted' senses!or become ob-
sessed with new forms of stimulation. Strange as it may seem,
self-discipline is more important to Ecstatic mages than to
nearly any other Tradition, To lose it is to become all that the
Tradition despises.

An explosion of laughter drew Jank's attention to the two
plainclothes police officers as they staggered and reeled under visions
beyond their comprehension. Deadheads pointed and laughed, but
Jank's heart froze at the desperate terror etched across the faces of
the suddenly-tripping cops. Jank tumed to Maura: "Stop it."

She merely watched the cops dance, her face cold, "Why?" she
replied. "They're just a couple of pigs. I know their type; they love
to push people around." She turned her attention back to the cops;
"Have a little sunshine, boys."

60 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

"It's not right," Jank replied. "Knock it off."

"Why? They were just hassling those guys over there. They
would hassle.us, too. I'm not hurting them, just giving them
something to think about."

Janktook her wrist; "Stop it. Please." His voice was polite but
firm: "Some folks can never see past their blinders. Maybe some
uld. But they need to come that decision on their own.
is a caress, not a club. The flip side of, freedom is

_ Fesponsibility), Let ‘em go."

Matira dropped the mind-fugue, allowing the officers the

benefit of their otiblindness. "Thank you," Jank said as-he
‘Yeleased her wrist.

"Tdidn' tmean anything by it," Maura insis
rvously, fearing further disapproval.
Ile smiledandtook both her hands in his. "I'm sure youdidn't,
ou have to be careful." He gestured around the gathering,
n ising the revelry about them; "Here's a world of great
beauty and splendor. The more I seeit, the more I love it. The more
I love it, themmorel see it. The more I see the beauty and love the
splendony the more the world becomes beautiful and splendid. Do
you see it? Im one moment, I can stop the world and remake it, and
notall the powers of hell canstop me. Trust, youngone— trust and
exalt. You mirror the excellence of the universe, and the world in
turn mirrors your trust and exaltation."

Shemuffled his hair; "You're kinda cute yourself, you bum!"
They embraced, fell'together laughing and lost themselves in the

song.

ed, lookingatJank


The Dreamspeakers

Primal Dancers

The power of the world always works in
circles, and everything tries to be round.

— Black Elk, Black Elk Speaks

Annalise walked in the footsteps of her own
dreams this night. She danced in the arms of the
Earth Mother. Her companions beat their cal-
lused palms against the well-oiled drums whose
pounding rhythms spiraled Annalise downwards into the well-
Spring of her own spirit-soul. As the pounding of the drums
increased, the shaman, Laughing Eagle, placed a small drum in
Annalise's hands.

"Join your dreams with ours, Annalise. The rhythms of
Gaia are the rhythms of your heartbeat, the rhythms
of your own imaginings."

Dreamspeakers conceive of the world @

part. The conglomerate of matter and life
combine to create the unity most often
referred to as Gaia or the All-Mother.
Their rituals often involve music and
drumming. The Dreamspeakers feel the
thythmic pulsing of drums is most con-
ducive to guiding the mind and body
into a state in which true enlighten-
ment may occur. In such an enlightened
state, everything from healing to con-
templating the nature of the universe is
easier to accomplish.

Looking down, Annalise could see her
footprints in the sand of the beach. Even as she
made the footprints, they shifted and transformed. One
filled with water and swirled into nothingness, while an-
other quickly became home to asmall crab. Still another revealed
the pearlescent beauty of a conch shell

"We each act in concert with the world, Annalise. The
Reality of the Technomancers is a sterile one destined to die a
lonely death, ours is the Reality of Gaia. We have always been
and we always will be. We know that our power, our true
beauty, comes in our connection to the Alll. By ourselves, we are
less than the tiniest grain of sand, a lone drumbeat, but in
opening ourselves to the universe, we are everything. We are the
All-Mother and the turtle and the earth beneath our feet."
Mother Umbala's proud tones were a counterpoint to the
pounding rhythms that now coursed through Annalise , body and
soul.

There is some debate about the true consciousness of
Gaia, but all Dreamspeakers believe in the fundamental
connection that each living being has to every other being,
and that the dance of life is greater than the sum of its parts.

The craft of the Dreamspeakers is perhaps the most ancient
of all the Traditions. Its roots are found deep in the primal
essence of all living creatures, their lizard-brains, their
souls. Such power, though perhaps raw and primitive in
comparison to others, has deep connections to all aspects
of Reality. It is the World Tree of the Traditions, and the
Dreamspeakers are at home climbing in its branches and
digging among its roots.

Mother Umbala pushed Annalise's head under the waves,
and she could feel her body pushed this way and that by the
swirling tides. Time moved by her in a forever-moment as
Annalise tasted salt and sand on her tongue. Mother Umbala's
hands were gone from Annalise's head, and she seemed sud-
denly to be in deep water. Trying to swim, Annalise could not

seem to find the surface. As she felt her lungs greedily
take in the last of her oxygen, Annalise ac-
GB ‘nowledged the awesome power of the All and
Bee. opened her mouth to let the water take her —
and found herself lying in a foot of water.
Placing the drum back in Annalise's
hands, Mother Umbala said; "You are
cleansed and made ready to take on the
name of Dreamspeaker!"

The Dreamspeakers believe the re-
ality created by the Technomancers is
the main cause of the divisive dichotomy
between mind and body, science and
nature. In order to begin healing this
rift in new Dreamspeakers, the Tradi-
tion requiresa ritual death of the divided
self and the subsequent rebirth of the
whole. This cleansing journey of death
and rebirth also gives the young

Dreamspeaker her first true contact with the pri-
mal pool of power made up of the dreams, the lives,
the souls of all life. Even Gaia's body is part of this
collective, her stones and dirt, water and air all belong to
this pool. From this great pool of Being, the Dreamspeakers
draw their power and their knowledge. All living beings are
connected to this pool, and their combined dreams, fears
and knowledge come from and contribute to the pool. The
Dreamspeakers see it as both their right and responsibility
to draw upon the power therein.

As Annalise arose and spun in the circle made up of
Dreamspeakers, the circle of earth, air and sky, she could feel her
senses filling with the heady power of Gaia. Her drum, like all
of Reality, stretched out taut and strong, and Annalise knew she
could play Reality as easily as she did her drum.

"So long as you remain a part of the Tapestry that is Gaia,
so long as you take part in the great dance of life and death and
rebirth, so long as you freely give back that power which Gaia
grants, you can play in the fields of the All-Mother," Laughing

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 61


Eagle intoned over the orchestra of drums and surf and calling
birds. "But always hold on to the rhythms of Gaia, lest you
become intoxicated with your gifts and spurn your Mother's
embrace. Just as the beat you play on the drum in your hand
would tum sour should the wood warp or the strings break, so
would your magick warp into dust and death if you were to deny
your connection to the rest of the universe. A drummer cannot
play without her drum."

The power of the Dreamspeakers' magick arises from
their acknowledgment of the intricate connections be-
tween all living beings. It is the ability to channel the
energies of the world that brings magick. Without this
acknowledgment, Dreamspeakers feel their power would at
best leave them, and at worse act as a cancer on Gaia,
breaking up the connections that keep her whole. As part
of this acknowledgment, the Tradition is made up of mages

62 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

froma variety of cultures and backgrounds. Witch doctors,
pagans, shamans and ecologists, among others, are all part
of this diverse Tradition. Dreamspeakers acknowledge that
different paths are necessary to represent the entirety of the
world's energies. In the interweaving of minds viewing the
world from different angles of perception, the truth of the
whole can be seen. With just one viewpoint, one sees only
part of the truth. Understanding part of the truth can be far
more dangerous than understanding nothing of the truth at
all.

"Body and mind come together to create something greater
than either concept by itself. In the wedding of the two lies
greatness. To denigrate one is to denigrate all. Do not lose
yourself in either, Annalise," added Mother Umbala as she
kissed the newborn Dreamspeaker. "Come, we have dwelt
overlong in the realms of the spirit this night! Anyone up for
pizza?"


SS ee eee eee

Euthanatos

Pam Oh, but do I deserve to be?
~ Is that the Question?

And if so, if so,
Who answers, who answers?
—Pearl Jam, "Alive"

Stan Edwards stared at his old high school chum lying in the
hospital bed and frowned; "How're you doing, Jack?" Jack
could not respond. He'd been in a coma for the last five weeks,
and his doctors said that his chances of recovery with even part
of his mental facilities intact were negligible. Jack Anderson,
star quarterback in college and high school alike, had leaned at
last that he was not indestructible. Not bullet-proof. Part of
Stan's mind refused what had to be done, but his beliefs were
strong enough to override his emotions. Stan focused his will,
pulled his power into.a tight fist in his mind, and released that
power at his friend. Jack's heart stuttered briefly and simply gave
way to the entropy within.

Many of the Traditions frown upon the actions of the
Euthanatos. The Euthanatos do not care, They hold steady
in the belief that death is not the end of life, simply another
beginning in an endless cycle. Death is a necessary aspect
of life, more necessary for some than it is for others.

Sometimes the duties of providing the Good Death bore
down heavily upon Stan' s shoulders, a crushing weight that was
perfectly capable of driving a weak man to his knees. Stan was
not often weak, but today he felt the need for release. At times
like this, he could easily see suicide as a viable option, Contrary
to what the other mages in his Chantry thought, Stan fele the loss
of his friend's life as strongly as anyone would, Jack was dead.
Even knowing that Jack would be reincarnated, Stan missed
him horribly.

The Euthanatos believe that they know whenaperson's
time to die is at hand, often before the person knows it
himself. From time to time, they assist those whose need to
die is stronger than their will to live. This duty is consid-
ered an honor, one of the foundations of the Euthanatos
philosophy. Alas, most of the people that the Tradition
helps along the path to reincarnation. do not go willingly.
In many cases, the Euthanatos act as judge and executioner
against the more corrupt individuals they encounter. Karmic
balance, they believe, provides new opportunities, new

x i Ke yy B
Book Two: The Faces of Magick 63


options for those who have been forced to go in the wrong
direction in life. To the Euthanatos, it issimply betterto get
the foolish moving on to their next life as soon as possible:

Stan wandered the darkest alleys in town, leaving himself
vulnerable, an open invitation to the more predatory members
of the unawakened. One of the town's Kindred came too close
for his liking, bue was driven away with only a look. Before an
hour had passed, Stan was assaulted by a young group of would-
be muggers. Their deaths were more rewarding thanJack's had
been. Jack's death had been a mercy killing; the gutter-scums'
deaths were a welcome necessity

The Euthanatos are often seen as grim and unforgiv-
ing, and to most people, that assessment is fully accurate.
But the Buthanatos are simply dedicated to a lifestyle that
often requires them to kill even those that are close to
them. They hope that, the next life will provide better
options for their loved ones. The Buthanatos are as suscep-
tible to the loss of a loved one or close relative as anyone
else; there is no guarantee that the freshly released soul will
teincarnate near the mage who has brought about
destruction, no guarantee that said soul will
forgive the one who ended its previous life.

Most Euthanatos choose not to have
close friends at all, as a protective

maneuver against the traumas caused
by the death of someone close. Like
nearly everyone else, the Euthanatos
prefer not tosuffer the loss ofa friend.
These mages fully under
stand the pain they ‘cause
whenever they must kill an-

dies, others among the living
will likely mournthat person's
Few antong, the
Euthanatos enjoykilling, nec-
essary though it is for dynamic

change.

Jack thought ‘back to his First Death, the time he spent
wandering the realms of the' dead before ‘coming home. He
shunted suicidal thoughts aside and went on his way. Death
would come when the time was right; he would not force himself
to die. Besides, best to allow the others of the Chantry to'decide
when his time had come,

Stan walked in silence for several hours, pausing only to
shove fuel into the mouth of his Incamation, his physical form.
He felt no hunger, but realized that food was important. Stan
had learned the hard way that the body needed proper care. He
still suffered nightmares of his last death and had no desire. to
repeat the process.

loss.

The Euthanatos are also unique in that they do not fear
death. Most have already experienced death before, during
their initiation. Death literally holds no, secrets for the
Euthanatos; they have come to know it intimately and to
understand its workings and functions. Death isa means to

64 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

an end for the Euthanatos, a useful tool in the restructuring
of the world. Asoftenas not, the Euthanatos will killtheir
own when the time has come, certain that their comrades
will return to them when the time is right. Most Euthanatos
have brief flashes from their previous lives, and many are
certain that their Avatars have been with the Euthanatos
in previous lives. There are no doubters of this belief among
the Tradition. Even the few who do nothave access to their
previous lives' memories suffer from deja vu more. fre-
quently than any among the unawakened.

For reasons they still have not discovered completely,
the Euthanatos have gained the enmity of the werewolves.
The only viable hypothesis they have run across is that
their proximity to death has left them "Wyrm-corrupted"
in the eyes of the Garou. Oddly enough, this negative
reaction is removed with every death a Euthanatos mage
endures, coming back to bother them only after they have
started on the path of stalking those ready for death:
Generally speaking, however, the Euthanatos do their best

to avoid the Garou.

The wraiths howled. Stan ignored them. In
time, even the restless dead would understand
the ways of the Good Death. Meanwhile,
the Euthanatos mostly. left them to their
own devices. Playing with the dead was
left to the Giovanni and the Samedi.
Thinking of his Tradition's vampiric
counterparts, Stan allowed himself to
smile, stepping faster and walking to-

wards the home of his friend,

Dawson. What he needed was
a good debate, and Dawson
was always willing to argue the
responsibilities of death-dealers.

Euthanatos do not
dabble in necromancy, find-
ing the idea of stopping aspirit
from following its course to be vulgar. They do not, how-
ever,condemn others who do_performithe darker arts.
They simply see necromancers as being something like
backwater cousins— slow, but with their hearts in the right
place. Ascension is a personal thing, and each mage must
learn at her own pace. They especially enjoy conversations
with the Giovanni and Samedi vampires, finding the
discussions of eternal life versus the following of reincarna-
tion principles a fascinating subject. Rumors abound that
the three groups have actually made a pact, allowing for
information exchanges between them. None are willing to
confirm or deny the accusations.

Dawson opened the door to his haven after the very first
knock. Without a word, he gestured for Stan to enter, guiding
him to a comfortable chair in his offices. Stan talked of his
troubles in the night, and Dawson listened as he always did,
nodding and making comments when necessary. Of all the
vampires he had met in his lives, only the Samedi seemed to
understand where he was coming from with his beliefs. Again he

— =

Tae ae =

:
j

offered to assist the Samedi in experiencing death, and again,
Dawson politely declined, explaining that when the time was
tight, he would come to Stan. "My work among the Kindred is
not yet finished. There are:many among them who do not
understand the need for the work we share. Someone must teach
them."

While utterly fascinated by the concept of vampirism,
most Euthanatos are'leery of risking the Embrace. There is
astrong belief that the Embrace would destroy the connec-
tion a mage has to his Avatar, and very few are willing to
tisk the loss of their power for something as petty as
immortality. Still; many Euthanatos take comfort in the
knowledge that the Samedi follow similar beliefs, and aré

perfectly willing to destroy vampires who have not realized
when the time is right for death.

After leaving Dawson's place, Stan wanderedagain, weav-
ing slowly towards the Chantry. None of his associates spoke to
him; one look at the black cowl he drew. upon entering the
building made his desire to mourn in silence obvious to all who
saw him. As the sun finally rose, Stan allowed the cold heavy
dread of his loss to escape. Jack avas gone and now, in his own
room, and with none save the other' members of his Tradition to
hear, he could mourn. Let the other Traditions say thathe and
his had no heart, let them all-claim that che'Euthanatos were cold
and heartless. They would never tmderstand the weight of his
responsibilities, at least not in this Incarnation.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 65


=

The Order of geiitiees

Masters of the
Art S

We cannotlive by power, and acultivre that
9) seeks to live by it becomes brutal and sterile. But
| we can die without it.
i — Max Lerner =
Its hard to fight.an enemy who has. outposts in
your head.
* _ Sally Kempton

Like sentinels, the walls stand, eternally watching, eter-
nally*indifferent. Likewise, I stand facing a flat, featureless
panel andishiver as the prison's chill penetrates my skin. The
wall at my back curvesslightly, a half-embrace.At times, I think
clearly; ato fimes, I question my sanity. Often, a strong,
‘clear voice comes to me, speaking the appalling truth. Appalling,
yes; burif truth, how do I dare reject it?

YOU_ARE RIGHT— IF YOUR AVATAR SPEAKS THE TRUTH
HOW CAN YOU REJECT IT?

Yet why does something feel wrong when I speak to you?
‘Am I not imprisoned? Why'cant I leave if I like?

THE SAME QUESTIONS AGAIN AND, AGAIN. DO YOU NOT
REMEMBER? THE ANSWER IS ALWAYS THE SAME: YOU SOUGHT THE
TRUTH THROUGH REVELATION, AND YOU WILL NOT LEAVE UNTIL
YOU FIND IT.

Yes, I remember. "

As Order of Hermes mages grow more experien€é
they often willingly enterastate akin to the Seekingywhich
they term "The Revelation." During this time, they are
particularly vulnerable to Mind and Spirit magick. They
open themselves fully to their Avatars in order to learn
more about reality. The great danger of this practice is that,
on occasion, Technomancers detect the questing mage,
capture her, and subject her to "reeducation." Mages cap-
tured in this fashion are often inwashed by
Technomancers posing as the mage's own Avatar.

Goop. Now LET US RETURN ae FRB BEGINNING. WHuaTIs
YOUR NAME? + Sis

Me llamo diez'y tres. I am number 1 3a he tarot card of
Death and Rebirth. - 8

Why Is THIS YOUR NAME?

I am dying and being reborn.

AND YOUR MISSION, YOUR PURPOSE?

To study and to know. To bringhumanity to the Ascension
fated bylthe stars. Yet, even as I think.this, I see a man and a
woman, like figures animated from a Goya painting, larger than
life. On their backs they carry heavy burdens, bundles dotted
with a¥cane symbols of Life and Spirit. They clamber up asteep,

~ "rocky hill. As they ascend, their packs grow larger and more

symbél§ appear on the dark cloth, one by one, like stars in the

ed The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

__ into thinking it can 'spread rumors of its members' attain-

night sky. They ascend further; the symbols of spirit and life Ss,
wriggle and squirm on the cloth, thrashing like wormsin the rain,
transforming—I cant make it out, but then I see: ley melt into,
the Symbols of Entropy and Death® The man and woman >
collapse beneath their writhing burdens and slidedown the slope"
into amuddy ditch. There they decay and disappealike Salto.
water. — Pe

In theory, Order of Hermes mages hold that they ae
humanity by resisting the Technocfacy, studying arcane
lore and transforming that lore into everyday\reality. In
practice, they have become so entwined in political in-
trigue within their own Chantries that Téechnomancers~
have to come knocking: down their doors before they
remember their stated mission. Even ifthey work to change
reality in humanity's favor, most ¢abals disagreeion policy, ©
and often thwart each other's efforts, ie positive side,
Order of Hermes may work hindsigl but when they
fall, they typically takesmore than their share of
Technomancers down withjthem. " |

HAVE YOU ATTAINED ASCENSION?

Of course not.

BUT YOU BELIEVE ASCENSION EXISTS AND IS ATTAINABLE.
Wuy Do YOU BELIEVE THIS, 13?

Because others‘in the Order have attained it.

The Order of Hermes, because it'sees itselfas the oldest
and most renowned 6f the! Traditions, has deluded itself

er

ments without eliciting the scorn of the other Traditions.
While its claims that more-Ofacles originated in their
Tradition than any otherAffsdition sre likely true (simaljam
because their Tradition issoancient);rumors of Ascended
Order of Hermes mages are the products of.to0 many mages
sinking into Quiet. *~, :
HAVE YOU SEEN"EVIDENCBIOF THIS? Ree |
No scientific evidence. "s ar
AMATHEMATICIAN, ARE YOU NoT? How CAN THIS BETHAT |
YOU BELIEVE IN SUQH.A THEORY. WITHOUT A SCRAP OF EVIDENCE?)
Iris a benevolent mission, to seek Ascension. (The image
of a decaying man and woman, mud-spattered and:lying-in.a
forgotten ditch, resurfaces.) Evcheif it is doomed to failure, it
afar better cause than the Téchnoctacy's dark, worthless goals.
Our cause is good: we seek the power that will allow us to defeat |
the Technocracy. ae 7

WHAT POWER IS THAT?

magickal. Our cabal, as you know, feels that the best plac
our reality to gain a foothold is in universities and Schools. If we |
can gradually make our views academically feasible, then they >
will propagated throughout the educational system; from ten- ad

ured professors down to elementary school students. A whole


) generation of students will believe, and they will pass this

knowledge on to the next generation

The Order of Hermes feels that the best way to control
Nodes and ley lines, which will ultimately determine who
wins the struggle over consensual reality, is to have finan;
cial and political control over the areas in which they
appear. Consequently, many Order of Hermes. mages have
used their magick to become wealthy or politically promi-
nent. Other Traditions look skeptically upon this
practice as an excuse for greed' and other vices. A
significant percentage of Order of Hermes mages are
university professors or other kinds.of educators.
They feel that education is one of the best forms
of control, and that it can be directed via the
financial and political pressures their Her-
metic colleagues can bring to bear.
Unfortunately, the Technocracy iss
to these tactics, and, to date,-has s
cessfully undermined'thereputations
of all such "pioneers" of reality.

DO YOU TRULY THINK IT POS-
SIBLE THAT YOUR VIEWS WILL BE
ACCEPTED?

Itis possible. Probably
the best way is to have
them accepted as "sci
ence," a form of
science long aban-
doned, but only
now revealing its
hidden worth.
The sciences of
numerology and of
Forms would, of
course, have to be renamed.
But they could appear and
spread under the guise of complex
mathematical formulae and break-
throughs in physics.

Is THAT
TECHNOMANC!

Perhaps, perhaps. But there are thos@lof the Order

NOT ACCEPTING THE
S PARADIGMS?

*who align themselves with, Marauders just to break-@ut of the

pervasive paradigms of the Technocracy, only to find themselves
committing acts just as perverse. Personally, L find the slower,
safer, more traditional route more appealing.

All Tradition mages, if they think about it, eventually
find themselves in a quandary: if they use magick with
coincidental effect, they are not working to change
humanity's vieW of reality and thus are further stabilizing
the Technocracy-controlled consensual reality. If they

attempt ‘to break out of the Conventions' paradigm by
ignoring coincidental effect, they kill themselves, only to
accomplish the Technocracy's ends. Order of Hermes mages,
some of them recalling the Mythic Age before the current

paradigm toékhold, wish to return the modetn world to its
magickal roots. To do'so, some have-searched for allies in
odd places, and some have even made alliances with
Marauders and faeries. A very few Order of Hermes,mages
aré rumored fo have learned magick from these sources;
there are even rumors that there is an. undiscovered Sphere
to which these factions have access. Howéver, most mages
of this Tradition believe that the middle road is‘the safest
and, though plodding, will someday enable thei to?
reshape reality without risking the lives or sanity of its
members.

Do YOU BELIEVE THAT THE TRADITIONS SHOULD
WORK TOGETHER TO THIS END?

Ofcourse; who wouldn't? But it is rare that
we do. How can we work together when we do
not agree on otix goals? Even the most basic
goal — AscensionSis a fundamental
source of disagreement.
How Do YOU;SEE TPR

Ttis a state of puréunderstand-
ing.

OMNISCIENC!
No, because it is not
also a state of full experi-
ence. When a mage has
Ascended, he under-
stands all that he
encounters. Buthe
doesnotinstantly
Know, every-
thing there is to

be known.

You SAY
"MAGE" CAN THE REST
OF HUMANITY ASCEND?
Mages are destined to Sheps
herdhumanit¥'to Ascension.
"SHEPHERD," YOU SAY? SO"HUMANITY.
S YOU TO.BRING,IT TO ASCENSION; IT CAN>
ASGENSION ON ITS OWN?

N
NOT ACH

No, it cannot. Igsspiritis weak, so weak in individu
als that it almost doesnt exist. The Avatars of those in the Order.
are strong enough to achieve Ascension alone and then guide'the
weak masses along the path that the stars dictate.

Ascension, to Order of Hermes mages, is an act of will
that only those with powerful Avatars can achieve. Ordic,
nary humans, in their view, must be acclimated to the"
principles that will lead them to Ascension. The only way"
to orient humianity'to, these principles is to translate the
realities behind the Orders numerologies, charts ard for-
mulae into comprehensible notions. Of course, Order of
Hermes mages believe they are the only ones who caiid6s0;
the other Traditions exist only as their helpmates, forthey
have lesser magicks. Needless to say, while the Sphere of

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 67


Forces is powerful, the force of hubris is far more powerful,
and it has prevented many'a mage from Ascending:

The modus operandi of the Order is to keep their
influence on philosophical, cultural and political direction
secret. Secrecy ensures safety from humanity's fear and'
ignorance and the Technocracy's vengeance.

AND IF THE MASSES DO NOT WISH TO FOLLOW

My jaw muscles tighten involuntarily.. They will wish to
follow because they wont know theyre doing so.

Is not ignorance a form of slavery?

No! The Orderof Hermes exi:
humanity.

WHAT OF THOSE WHO DO NOT WISH TO BE SO BENEFITTED?

10 use its secrets to benefit

We help them despite their ignorance.

Is THIS NOT THE POLICY.OF YOUR ENEMIES?

My heart skips a beat. No, theres a differencewe do not kill
the spirit. We foster intelligence, creativity, honor and respect

Do you?

Animageof meas a disciple at the cabal, stonily staring out
my moonlit window. The ache returns as I watch. The Deacon
has whispered to Nuria, in passing, that my destiny is unrelent
ing mediocrity. I've overheard

AND Nuria?

My teacher frowns-and shakes her head. The Deacon
shrugs. benignly as. thespair-walks down the echoing' stone
corridor;

68 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

AND HOW WILL THE REST OF HUMANITY, WHOSE AVATARS.
ARE INFERIOR, BE-TREATED?

T have no answer.

HOW HAS IT BEEN"AT THE CABAL FOR YOU SINCE THEN?

That twas a long time ago.

Nor so LONG. ‘

No... not so long

How bo YOU ACHIEVE ASCENSION, 13?

Through disciplined research and dedication to the truth,

How DOES THIS ACCOMPLISH YOUR ENDS?

The rigors of understanding Forms at all levels, from the
physical through the spiritual, sculpt the'mind into the Avatar's
tool. Eventually, if we are true to ourselves, we achieve self-
mastery and thus mastery over others. The rod of scholarship.
and the respect established by the hierarchy. insthe Order rein-
force these accomplishments. Only' through that process of
disciplining mind and spirit can we defeat the enemy, When the
Order has déne so, we can attain Our former height, achieve
Ascension, and rule humanity as we aré fated by the Wheel'to
do.

To the Orders mages, scholarship with an emphasis on
magick and adherence to tradition hones the mind. Sinée
the mind is the tool by which mages achieve Ascension,
there are no activities more important than active scholar-
ship and revering the traditions ancient wisdom. Perhaps
because they know,they are losing the struggle, the Order's


mages also cling to the belief that the Wheel of Fortune (of.
the tarot's Major Arcana) will someday bring them back
into eminence.

Ts SUPREMACY INDEED A NATURAL OUTCOME OF ADHESION
TO THESE PRINCIPLES?

More memories: heat blasts my face; it is so hot that ihe

| cannot see. Julio screams I can hear his hoarse, agonized cry two

stories above, but I cant look up. I drape the wet blanket over my

head and shoulders and enter the flat. Moments later, Julio's

shrieking ceases. I stumble forward, blind, afraid to touch

anything, for everything is smoldering, sputtering, melting or in

flames. The caustic smoke fills my lungs, makes my eyes tear:

T grope towards the stairs and put my foot on the first step. No

© screams: I know Julio is dead, gone. The fire trucks arrive and
usher me out of the flat. I am helpless.

That evening, Nuria says Paradox punished him; he didn't
use subtlety to temper the force of his magick. Let that ee lesson
to usall, she said.

You MEAN THAT Fae RIGORS OF THE ORDERS TRAINING DO
Nor ALWAYS SUCCEED?

Yes. It doesn't-always succeed.

BUT IT WILL NEVERTHELESS ATTAIN ITS GOALS...
ITS GOALS?

Primarily, to destroy the Technocracy. Te stands between
us and Ascension; it compromised the Order long ago and
* continues to do so. Until it is annihilated, it willdistract us from
Ascension and the search for reality .

More than any other Tradition mages, the Order of
Hermes hates the Technocracy, blaming it for the downfall
ofits regency in the late Middle Ages. The blame they place
on the Technocracy is largely well-founded.

WHAT ARE.

GOALS?

Hah. Butas I scoff, the kindly, owl-eyed Deacon at Sevilla
peers up at me from the midst of his arcane book collection; from
between his lips flicksia forked tongue as black as a vipers. My
enemies, I think, are those who oppose the godls\of the Order.

i r f

ats
<=

WHAT IF THE TECHNOCRACY DOES NOT OPPOSE YOUR

Then so @Rand

of a library atthe
desk near the

tomes. Ed ©
Reab THE PLAQUE: Soe
"Dédicado al OMN. Unificacién, lealgy paz"
WHO FUNDED YOUR LIBRARY? 3
This OMN, apparently. Why? ya

How MUCHAS YOUR CABAL IN SEVILLA BENEFITED PROM

THAT: RESOURCE?

Tremendously. Most apprentices would tl fest souls to
get into its rare book collection.

Do You HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT OMN sTANDs FOR?

Some corporation' s initials, right? "Dedicated to theOMN.
Unification, loyalty and peace."

OMN STANDS FOR ORDEN DEL Mugpe Nusvo.

The New World Order?

Et Orpen pet Munpo Nuevo ACTIVEI) RTS YOUR
RESEARCH, YOUR SELF-DISCIPLINE. a

Yes. If the OMN has always secrétly supported us, itis noe
the'evil the Deacon claims itis. It shates our goals; it mist be an
ally in the search for Ascension. Suddenly, I recall a tall, clean-

shaven mage named Mortez; he hands me a book written in
Sanskrit with the number 13 embossed on the cover. I take it.

\

Yearslate, uitchanged, hereuumstoretew itandIfindmyself —

here. am

YES, YOUJARE READY TO GO NOW, 13. LEAVE US AND FIGHT' <

THB¥ENEMIES,OF BOTH ORDENES: Ele DEN DE DE HERMES'Y EL
ORpEN EL Munpo Nuevos °°

Already I feela swange pang of | briefer' these i The
curved wall at my back shas supp ed me, it seemsy forever.
Before me I see three whitewashed "clean, free ofthe filth
of the streets, smooth like ironed, sheets and d.coohas a glistening
icicle. I yearn for this'pristine place of i

ae ge ee §hat' wMPvers


a

ther

ality

sudde
entere

touched nothing." Vorgel sid, yelling to be heat over the |

ie

nly bathed-int light,-and-the-geheralor-Weked- in They
d the room and looked about. "It's perfect. They have

blackened furniture, ‘he s

‘gra

Come! He|yelled to his c

nnd A-hollow-sound}

lopped and stamped thé

ash-strewn

responded: "Here! It jis still here!

mpanion, and the dwarf came aver.

| incessant-humming.—"We-can-proceed-with the final stages:
Magid and technology _ Prepare the Ray Projector, Janos, In but an hour, I shall prove __
~~ Voodao dolls and chants to thé world that the trans tation of man into metal can be
| Blecercity|— hieved rmat-seale-Fhink of it; Janos=any marca
| We're making | becothe a man of steel, never to worry any longer about mere
a eT wad site { pied aha Ses a Le ie lise Bate sala i |
torso Boing Weitd S t ands!" No=sucl men} For this science will be avattable to al
a abe al i oe. eA al ees if once ‘age ag eae ee wes ans sentence
blowin, across the | hill and into) | Professor Vane But he Foy! WSonot Exherusaally has hi he petth
ore EAC! ON O! er usu as His or erown f re eory
-f can ats baad ei nee | often becomes a driving gaal to them, and extreme obses-

sion
det

proving that a magickal et
Objective! truth which mi

nd paranoia often builds up around the theory and its
tors.-Theories-vary widely, but they often involve
ct i$ actually a Natural Law, an _
t be allowed into consensual

ae 4 pt Ue a Hari oad ee stk Ss ib reality, for-to-do otherwise would-deny the tenants of ~
fit heehee dec tha lips thems helded hacdehibesatbod Science. Their great anger at the Technocracy arose when__|)
crackedand splintered, weakened already by the fire, its magickal the Conventions tefused tq recognize the "common sense"

ised bs {wads having protected til from dasrruction. {It gave way and and "‘plain facts" of many Sons of Ether pet theories.

| While Sleepers-are
ges, the Sonsof E Ether
re than most Traditi

have born the brunt of

suspicious~and-fearful~of most

ns, excepting, perhaps, the Ver-

this, Phobia

rgel threw the old woodloff, revealing a dark, stone stairwell-| The primary concept of the Tradition's founding con- 4
dingdown. "Thank God, Janos, those foolsdidnotrealizethe | cerned ether, the unseen /"fifth essense" which controls 4
Fatory was beneath the house. Idiot Sleepers! Questioning how light travels. If a Son of Ether can successfully con-
intents?! How dave they say I-spurn God with my work—-—Vince the world that her theory. is correct, any magick —
‘orgel! Well, they Gan Bren that they don't understand, but Performed within the tenants of that theory) becomes
won' Estop the march df Science with them peasant threats!" | coin idental, with no danger of Paradox. This is the key to
___the Ether mages'. Ascensi goal: to turn all things weird—

eal

mankind. The Technomancers desperately tty to pre:

onderful into a science, a method available to all__

Many Sleepers fear thar science can endanger them | ~—Y°P4 such incursions into their plan, buthave been-unable—
with nuclear radiation of even giant mutated inse¢ts, and | _ ‘Stop Son of Ether theories that would return the ether te
thig leads to ridicule and wit +h-hunts against the scientists <pamplogy | |
arfautt—atteast, against those who seem to be at fault. The ‘orgel moved towards-alarge desk pillec high wi ene

| Te hngcrady actually uses Ether, mages as scapegoats for_|__He began tomove them aside then he stopped, staring at the top.
| their experime ts gone Wrong. They blame them for any sheet Janos! Someone h been here! | did not leave the |
‘guinea pig? exer they can't hide bathe Sleepers | diagram for the fifth matrix on top of my desk; it was in ™m:
any longer, such as secret nuclear testing against-citizenry-. drawer when we fled. Damn!" He tossed the papers|across-the-—}
duting the 50s. This sometimes leads to vidlend retribution Fowl witha sweep of his hand. "Who could it have been? , Aha! J
by the €itiz nry|of some (countries. The Sons of Ether $ See hose fools back at the Chan - They were checking up om us,
thik as la betrayal-of. for-they only. el Janos|.trying ta see if Lwas.correct after-all,-Oho!-I-bet-they:
imy rote th loro of Man. Yes, some get hurt in the process, reaily to,eat their words right now. Surely they could not _|
~~ | but Science n must proceed...) | | BAe ee he evidence here; they must recognize my theory) ow! The

Vorgeland Janos enteted the darkness and moved down the next.issue-of Paradigma|will be dedicated to my work. 4. 4
stairs to the iron door at the bottom. Vorgel nervously fumbled |__| There is often intens¢ rivalry among Sons} of Ether
wit thekeys' Seale ee is belt. The mages, especially when ¢ leories conflict. Such rivalries

Hockclickedand turned; and oftenjlead-to-spying and sabotage of another mage's work,
Herreached into the deeper. just in case a competitor is getting to close to Gne's own.
past the door. There was a eries. The Sons of Ether release a quarterly journal
fe zconas anche stead dedicated! to the theories jof its members. This journal; |

| = pet pea | | |
70 The Book of Sh


ae.
ing and b:

led Pai

digi, is af a plage for furious verbal bi
ckstabbing, as mages fry to to disprove the theories

+
|
4

ker:

some] eveh dedic heir pert to improving upon

Masters' theories:
-Jes,Janos,"-Vorgel- si

‘with his cheap cigar:

her,

re

| her magn|

. |\Women
W-td-show
spect fora!
is¢overies. Oh,
has certainly

genius what with
tism experi+

as-he searched-the pape
e quite q tale to tell on my|return. 7

will clamber all |o ove

+P Show him! They'll
ir sherry when they see a demonstration of
iment! Even Madame Dupreau will not be

ftheirriyals-Ontythe Mastersand Oractesare rest: LAaetO FC
this infighting, as all universally respect theit theories, and a hatch in the side open and-was-cleaning coils within-whent
pes ya a screwdriver-like instrument. The clang-

ing noise reverberated across the roam.
"You fool! Do-you-realize-what you've done!" Vorgel
yelled. "If the coil adjuster ts even dented by 4 micrometer, the
me, ‘periment

heir

arson

hose

ents, buf she could
cbrtainly_gct-morel,

like a proper
jon." Vorgel
hook his-head

ai
| ideal Of progress, a con+

|_|_abpiratiol
ria

iseful forlbygane |

e to a devout

watrisingoffhuman

s,_their

| ideal is rather Vic-|
y withy a |

|_-correspay

at t
| of what they perceive t

lieve|-th

| modetn ti

Dp tise arhin | dering progress. They) be-|
y—-bearasort of "mag Psburder," that—
theyaloneamdng the Tfaditionsseek true sprogress,
ey usually gather int an old style "men's
lub"ofsofts; although women ate certainly welcome
es. However, many Sons are Victorianjin t

dist

t
|

of

Vorgel danas actoss the room to. inspect the large Solas
bolted to the floor there. It resembled a
coils alongits huge barrel pointed to ot

nt gun, but the tésla

he

Tui idiot! Pick it up and check it| on the

-" he muttered.)

fowl Janos sheepishly scuttle over to
fallen instrument, picked it upjand went to examine itjon
another bizarre | machine, Vargel shook his head and
buried itimhis hands. "You're lucky Tsaved you from
those soldiers. Another}-less-compassionate-man
would have let
them kill you. |
-Surrounded-by-—-—-—

Unlike other

lytes jare| pulled |

|
|

— They

| sociallvie

s, and wish women would act more like "lad
icea double-seandard with impunity. TheT

|_tieth century, however|is catching up with this Tradition.,

| Women in the Tradition hold more|and|more power,
saniactive tabby to change the name from "Song"
ng lesssexist. This is, of course, hotly resisted by the
twork within the/Tradition, blindly denyin,

and

targeting,

tol

the

deertoh }
tdeatof progress they sme profess:

|
|
|
}

a

i

jong the Technocracy and what they are planning
"|__ now." Vorgellsmiled to.himself-It didn't mattet-what-They did,

"What is it?" Vorgel barked.
"Tris time for the European Science Conference. On the
iradio, Exptessor Z|
"Ah, yes, Correctyouare. Taner then. ema S
those fools an

Janos said humbly,

Traditions, the Sans
lof Ether often_have
trouble gaining knowing
and} willing) Acolytes.
|_Most pupils interested
in super-science
and technolagy
arejall too eas~
ily seduced by
the] Technac-
racy~ This,
compounded by the
usually acrimonious | || =
social skills of the Ether
Mages, causes the Sons
| of Ether to often bribe,
}~cajole;-threatenor
guilt-trip their Aco-
lytes to ensure
—alty-Many- ‘Ado:
from the dregs
lofsociety and believe they truly have no-
where bettertogo: Other Sons of Et hey,
sting the human_penchant for crime, build
robot sérvitors instead ta help them in their labors.
"Excuse me, Professor Vorgel,"
interrupting. Varg Las he madesomé-adjustments-to-the se

They couldn' tstop him from gaining definitive proof of his theory

now. The 1

Book Two: The Faces of Magick

io came on, and the chief speaker was alrealy

a


WA et aR

|| anhouncing|the first guest, a Dr. Thomas Holder. After ap-
——}-—p-playise in the audience, Dr. Holder began to speak about his
js iscatjery in thellabofatory-A$he spokelon,Vorgelslotuly
ce dom the stepladdpr he was|standing\on. He displayed

ached Tok. Holder was, [point by|pomt, disproving |the

a _thepry—of some-unnamed—"colleague"- who-believed-it-was
possible to replace organi¢ material in q living specimen with
| miterall spetificdlly metallurgie, components and|still havelthe
—patjent-live-and-adjust:-Holder-concluded-by stating that only

machined parts— could such a theory ever work.

Vorgel screamed! "It was him! He was the one who broke
ere and stole a look at my notes! A Technomancer!He...
jas ridiculed my theory, |and made them believe those fools at
eration X ave on the right path! My work! Tt is for nothing!"
— Votgel slowly: slid.to the floor, staring at'the-wall-blankly

| The Technocracy ¢ontinually sends forth to
|distover thé various thedries of Sons of Ether mages. They
—+-thén-blast-such;theories-in the media, disproving-them
| ~ Sih they even haye a chance to convince the Sleepers.

Sometimes the Technocracy will even steal such theories
—}—+—-and-take-credit for them} driving an Ether mage to fits of
___| rage and ultimately even insanity as_his life's work is
perverted afound him.

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

wugh| the burgeoning field of bionics— replacing limbs with _

Janos locked the door behind him and ran up the stairs to
where Vorgel stood, staring blankly into the night sky. He took
the Plofessor's hand-and-begen-to'lead him: through the mezeof-—p
broken and burned wood and furniture, helping him to step |
carefully over the obstacles. All the while, Vorgel stared blankly
‘ahead;—as\if he possessed no- mind whatsoever. When they
reached the bottom of the hill and the small roadway, Janos sat.
the Professor down and went to stand in the road, with his thumb
‘out, waiting fora car to come by. No\one came:

Hours_passed._As-the-sun-rose-over-the-horizon;-Janos—
turned to look at the Professor. The blank look qwas gone,
however, veplaced by an intense stare, directed towards the
rising} suni—The-Professor-began: to mutter; —"Yes:\---yes;-of >
course. How blind of me... The sun! Yes, that's it! Why turn
men into Steel, Janos, when) we have the sun? What power!
What|pure-energy; waiting to be tapped: If asingle man could
realize the fusion potential, then all men would benefit. I'm sure

"that there must be a way, a method to harness such power ina

simplé;hand-held-device:::"-His-muttering dropped off in
volume as Vorgel furiously began calculating figures in his head.
Janos smiled to see the Professor back, and smiled even broader
ashe heard the sound of acar coming, out of sight behind the hill:

‘Janos," Vorgel said, "I have afeeling that this approaching
vehicle is carrying solar panels. Flagit down. I'm sure itis meant
for us." =A


_ The erbena

"Though they have journeyed to dizzying heights a1
ave plummeted to great‘depths, they have survived
er Crafts, their names now lost to time, have fall

bedrock. Its trunk is strong, and yé
around obstacles placed in its way as it
are many and varying in size and streng
are flexible and always seek the wind ant
the acorns, drop to the ground from th

primordial ways— the old runes, the blood-saerifice, the
chanting, the drumming, the turning of the Wheel, the
roots of the tree. There are some who, as the tree's trunk,
uphold the strength of the tree by following the ancient

Patterns as pre-
rorshehad provided. scribed by the

Another. A symbol, matrilineal Books of
sweeping and beautiful, drawn Shadow and the patrilineal
on the parchment which provides its Runesticks which, to this day,
ink, The blood flowed softly down his must be used in tandem before they

reveal their wisdom, #

, Then. came t the Burning Times
sition, aad the tree was nearly split asunder!
advanceamong this did not destroy it. Instead, the Dynamic b
a he tree shot up and out in many new, living

\¢ Lifedancers blatantly defied the ancie:

to; sft ete, devas him. She had just SNe afew
words, and now his body was locked iri place. He couldn't make
his muscles move. She drew a delicate curve on his chest as he
watched in the mir-

oe 4 hoy,
ing like a seed ji he
ots up through the
andhis blood, and
: t-there be life,
r falling all around him.
msélves as one of the oldest
Time (some
er of Time) have shown them that,

the ®hole can you begin to undentant tha
is a reflection of it.
internal wars, the Verbena have many reasons tobe proud... "You see, Jay, in the old times, we wouldn't have to do this.
~~ anid'many reasons to be ashamed. Life was everywhere then. And Life was honored, respected.
Froma person's First Blood, be it menstruation or the first hunt,

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 2B


~ from the sea. aes

to their Birthing Blood, the price they pay for anything lasting
and sustainable, to their,finalLife's Blood, which they give freely
yele of Life. But you musin' t think Blood is the lye
Ind deed, it ij

one at that. Wat
Blood is, anyway.

To the Verbena
are as the water in

outside of our past. Here on will cofMe into yo

‘you will be reborn into your own body and truly wear it for the
first time. How many Sleepers go through life totally out of
control, unable to properly react to the stresses and strains of
modern life? You must learn, by rote, the way to clean your
blood of such poisons."

To a Verbena, the body is itself a scared shrine, and
feeling is a form of prayer. A backrub is a brief blessing,
while a full-body massage is a sacrament. Sexual inter-

jgourse is a major rite, a, prayer for Life. The Body is a

1 you will be reborn, and you will be
Your own mother. You will name yourself. Dare you choose a
‘great name and a great destiny? Or will you live among us as a
quiet hermit, with a name that one only breathes, not savors?
Choose well! And remember me, Jay. We honor our teachers

would come to me? But so

14 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

with our names, and whenitis all said and done, all of ournames
are the same. We are Verbena

that one's name represents ‘one'
e of breath creates a

s name several times over
at he has changed, or grown it

Morningshade' to ‘Heasha Me
ever, it is a major change. Ma
your name is the same every ti
thing to ask is "What are you

"You touch the Tree, but you
out with your knowledge, with y
senses with it. Feel the sap rushing th
going down, soaking in the fertile soil,
of your leaves, the sweet tinge of pain I pluck a tiny | ) branch
from you. Yes. That's it. Breathe in the tree. Your blood to its
blood."

The Verbena are about as organized asa bathtub full of
drunken cats. There are many different ‘flavors' of Ver-
bena, from ultra-conservatives who still chant in ancient
Norse and Greek and still perform regular blood sacrifices,
to those who work to perfect their bodies as the next step
on the evolutionary scale, to the free radical liberals who
eschew vulgar magick and instead use herbs, motherwit
and positivity to heal and do magick.

Though theysdo not have a tigid \ierarchy,

na'dosbelieve in a common set 0 ethics
regarding magicks F First
should not be made unnatural through
extend their own lives magickally,bu
utmost limit of human aging. Th

|
|

\ directly alter the fundamental org'

ture— such as its genetic code.

powerful Masters of ae Verbena have developed rotes to
help them locate and destroy clones made from themselves
or from their allies.

They also have some antagonists in the Traditions: the
Celestial Chorus. The Verbena see the Celestial Chorus'


near-worship of the transcendent One as their. foolish

> attempt to externalize something that is within everyone.

| The Verbena assert that the Self is the true One, the One

Within, and this is in direct opposition to the Celestial

‘Chorus? views. It's a miracle that the two can co-exist

Bien the Traditions, which is a strong argument for the
XChorus' beliefs: miracles are their trademark.

«The Verbéna believe that humanity will reach Ascen-
sion When humans realize this essential concept: within the
Self, all'things aré possible. Inside the Self, the personal is
sacred and, Life is Truth. The reason they, are constantly
focusing inward, foeusing on their own perspective rather
than trying to'understand othefs; is that they believe that
by changing one's Self, one can-utterly change all Selves.
Gaia Herself would Ascend if enough people Ascended.
Because of this, they,are willing to spend much of their
resources on guiding individuals to the Path, reasoning that
‘one soul can blaze the way for many.

From the roots of the tree which touch on the most
primal parts of Life to the fruit-bearing branches that reach
tothe sky of Ascension, it's quite possible that the Verbena's
infamous arrogance is deserved, or at least understandable.
After all, before there was writing, before humanity used
fires to warm themselves, the Verbena taught women and
mén how to paint blood-pictures to guarantee the hunts
The Verbena assert that, if all the other Traditions were to
suddenly vanish tomorrow, they alone could lead humanity
toward ‘Ascension, and they just might be right.

"Oh, Jay. You are neophyte in so many things, aren't you?
I savor your inexperience, youtignorance. It's so delicious to
watch your eyes as your senses'become more and more open.
But now you must place your hand insthe lifestream, for you
must understand what it is to gently guide it,.to channel its"
limitless power. Come, Jay, let mé show you where it lies. . 1224

Book Two: The Faces of Magick

~
a


The Virtual Adepts

Crafters of New
roy
Vision
Most people spend.theirlives avoiding getting. =
into tense sittiations: A repo man spends his life" =
getting into tense sitiations.
— Harry Dean Stanton, Repo Man
"You with me, Screamer?" asked Janor, the
Order ofl Hermes mage
A "T''m with you," came the crackling reply. The Adept was using
~~ atelepathy rote that simulated: crackling radio inside the mind of his
intended target. Tohiscompaciots, etwas pretty na eee TE
they didn't need.
"Just like we rehearsed.-TPake our the cou
system and unlock the daors." cs 4
"Right-o."
An instant later, the lights on
the building flashed and the doors ka-
chuenked open. No waming sirens
Dlared, and the emergency lights didn't —
‘activate. The Progenitor lab had been
breached:
"Piece 0' cake." crackled
Screamers voice inside their heads:
"That's only the beginning, you
arrogant putz," muttered Janor.
The Virtual Adepts are a strange
Tradition indeed. Many donot consider
them full'members of the. Traditions,
mostly because they. were members of the
Technoeracy not so long. ago. Many hold a low
opinion of them, even though the Adepts have saved
_-many:mages.with their special knowledge of technomagickanie
the Technocracy. The Adepts see themselves as Saviors at the
Gates of Oblivion. Other Tradition mages have less pleasant
names for their kind.
The group of mages skittered nervously towards the lab. The
vasterized map inside eackvof theit heads kept track of where they were
inthe building andl led them, inexorably towards the heart of the lab.
of technology by opting to use the staits,
although Screamer assured him that albthe elevators were safe: They
¥ climbed down twenty-three flights of stairs and came to the Construct
"lab.

The relationship the Adepts have with the Technocracy is
atwo way street— the Adepts loathe the Technocracy, while the
Technocracy would like nothing more than to see them extermi-
nated-<Many-Tradition-mages, not wanting.to- become cannon.
fodder, will not associate with the Adepts unless forced. Many:
agents "of the Technocracy-tend to become more ruthlés than
J usual' when faced with Virtual Adeprs and will st
deserapth« é iSkind ofbehavior rightly frightet ag
= Sorte Teehnocraey leaders, however: take a more pragntatic
approach, rightly sensing the kinship beneath the hate. Those

16 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Technomancers who manage to convert Virtual Adepts back to
the fold win valuable allies.

The roots of this relationship go back to the breakup
between the Conyentions and the Virtual AdeptseThe Adepts
hurt the Technocracy very badly by taking copies of many,
Technocracyfilés tothe Traditions. The Technoctacyresponded
by rounding up'as many Adepts as possible and torturing them:
There are some who say that even today, Adepts from this era are
being tortured in horrifying experiments about the pain thresh-
old of the a human body. Given the state of Technocracy
advances in this area, it is not entirely impossible.

© Asithey opened the door, the animals shifted nervously in their

cages. A few turned to watch the incoming mages with eyesnot devoid,
of rédson,, yet utterly animal-like at the same time.

"Be careful, boyos. My info shows they've beet

the incessant voice in the mages'
heads.
Being the most distrusted Tra-

dition hasn't stopped the Virtual
Adepts. They regularly join bands of
adventurous ‘mages, in-storming'
Technocracy strongholds, While
many eschewpersonal contact, they
fealizethe necessity of getting into
the midst of things and dirtying their
hands a bit. Many of the other Tradi-
tions rightly believe that the Adepts
have some kind of personal vendetta

with the Technocracy.. The knowledge
thatthe Adepts have of the Technocracy,
4 also. makes them formidable allies in any. raid,

against Technocracy holdings.

Adepts live by the adage that Information is Reality: Many
also believe that information is a living, sentient force that
wishes to be freed from its "top secret" classifications and en-
crypted data files. Dealing in information isaheavy part of Virtual
Adept society, although they hold certain types of knowledge in
higher ésteem than an Ordef of Hermes.mage would.
Screamer began as the sound of gunfirevauled inside his head. He
checked his rig and scanned the lab for a line into the building. Finding
@feedback analyzer.in the room;.he prepared the rotes to shoot himself.

~Inito the room and readied his hip computer:

Atonce, five images of the Adept leap into the room. Just outside
the stairwell, Screamer assessed the situation from the eyes of his
constructs. Standing square in the middle of the room was a grotesque

rustling up some nastythingsdown there," crackled' —<.]

As masteis of all things digital and electrical, Virtual,


Technocracy, the Adepts use deception in normal combatas well
asin attempts to garner passwords for remote computer systems.
The Adepts have mastery over the Sphere of Correspon-
dence. Assuch, they. often avoid locations where combatis taking
place. In a pinch, they will appear to aid their falling comrades.

knack for "hacking" out a solution to a neatly, impossible situa

help.
Spotting the gene sequencer in the comer, Screamer prayed it
hadn't been hit by the ricocheting bullets. Accessing the machine
through the Net, he programmed it to spit out a deadly virus with a
he had stolen from another Progenitor gene sequencer. The
¢ had been coded as a HIT Mark destruct virus in the files.
dmer jist prayed it was a.true HIT Mark they were facing, andnot
me new evil. » "am
One of Screamer's holograms moved suddenly and went straight
the gene Sequencer. The HIT Mark tracked to follow and sprayed"
the heavy machine with uranium-depleted slugs from its chain gun.
Screamer heard a short hiss, and he knew that the cooker chamber on
the sequencer had been hit, releasing a deadly gene cocktail into the
sealed ab. Watching through holographic eyes, Screamer saw the HIT

Adepts think very well under pressuré and have an uncanny.
© never die.
tion, even if others around ther are lying on,the floor crying for *~

‘shear the second HIT Mark as it stepped into position. Too late, he felt'

~ sector. Screamer tumed in time to seé'

information. This place is called the Net. The Net is entirely too
big to be explored in one lifetime, but teams of Adepts are busy
mapping it and cataloguing its strange inhabitants in preparation |
of Ascension, when. they will rescue the huddled masses of -/

» Sleepers from the rotting ball of Earth. They: want to Awaken

them in a gleaming virtial reality that will never grow old and."

Screamer burst into the lab. His footsteps crunched on broken' 2.4
glass. "We gotta get the hell outta here!" he screamed at his friends.
"That made WAY too much noise."

The rest of the team could not answer. As the stunned mage
looked around, Screamer could see thatthe rest of the teamewas writhing | ,,
on.the floor beside the HIT Mark..A great plan;.a.terrible mistake._/ *

"Shit; moaned the Adept, helpless'to e. rsuffering. He failed to

the Correspondence Point shift as tee aspect aligned aie
the hail of slugs tear through his

blue. |

DIE, TRAITOR! the destruct program buzzed as pain sheared}?
through Screamer's Netconnection. The room went white, thencobalt |3'.|*


Part Two:
The Others

The Technocracy

Static Reason
The leaders of the people cause them to err,

— Isaiah 11:16

os Theld the pistol up against the left side of his
Ae head. It was the moment I had been waiting for.
The Cultist of Ecstasy kneeling in front of me had
spiked the water system with psychotropic drugs,
blown up my car, and tried to killme five minutes ago. [had to show
him what a Man in Black does best. All my training said I should
blow him away. So why was my hand shaking? I knew the HIT
Mark backing me up would arrive in five minutes. Damn. Think
fast...

Tradition mages have a very biased view of the world.
They see themselves as heroes who are striving to save the
world, renegades fighting against an inhuman, faceless, soul-
less Collective. The Technocracy is seen as a ruthless,
unstoppable machine. The Technoeracy does include despi-
cable overlords, soulless Constructs and inhuman assassins.
However, there are many people serving the Technocracy
who don't fall into that shallow stereotype. Just as it's foolish
to say that all technology is evil, it is simplistic to say that all
Technomancers are "evil." The issues of the Technocracy are
not always black and white. For some, the World of Darkness
is a world of extremes, but for many— including the rogues
who work for both the Technocracy and the Traditions, the
Tradition mages who defect, and the survivors who serve only
themselves— everything is in shades of gray.

The Schism

1 kept the gun aimed at his heart.

"Get on your feet."

"What?"

He was surprised; just the edge I needed. My mind started
probing into his subconscious. Thankfully despite his command
of Time, he was mindblind. I started sifting through his memory,
aiming the pistol at his heart just in case. 4

My superiors kept asking for results. After all; we were at

war. Well, they'd get results.

T found what I was looking for: aseed of doubt. He wa
second thoughts about his Chantry and the four Hollow Ones
was helping. I also found out where his stash of weapons was kep

He was just what I needed: someone I could easily manipulate.

78 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

I gave him a swift left hook to the jaw and knocked him out.
After following through with little bit of psi, I figured he'd be out
for about an hour.

The Technocracy is composed of many contesting
factions; these go beyond the organizational structures of
the Conventions. The developing Schism between the
forces "Beyond the Horizon" (the Symposiums and re-
search installations in the Deep Umbra) and the agents
working in the field has resulted in different viewpoints on
what the Technocracy is. Just as the Technocracy is com-
posed of different Conventions, each Convention is
composed of many different types of Technomancets.

The Shock Troops— These are the greatest victims of
the Ascension War. Their bodies and souls have become
consumed by the efforts of the Collective. Faceless Con-
structs of the Men in Black and cyborgs of Iteration X a1
visible examples, but these agents actually run interfere!
for the truly talented members of these two Conve
Progenitor clones and Void Engineer robots are also:
structs. Many are self-aware, and many fight to
their identity at all costs.

The Rogues— Rogues walk in the shadow

to escape from the terror and paranoia that
sections of it. Rogues live in a world of

Aces | in the Field— thes ar are one Te
working on the front lines. They have the best unders
ing of the grim realities of the War for Ascension, but
also has some reason for continuing the fight— realiza
of the threat of the supernatural world, personal belief
method of Ascension and actual concern for the fate'

ing the Idealists and Escapists of the real situation.
Convention can be aided by this type of Technom:


tivity, offering guidance and advocating "morality." There
are also Idealists who are completely alien to humanity...

The Escapists— The Escapists seek to resolve the prob-
lems of the world by forming new realities in the depths of
space and the ether of the Deep Umbra. While Earth slowly
dies, they believe they can form a better reality somewhere
else, Some members of this group are merely people seeking
order amidst the chaos of the modern world. The servants of
Autochthonia and the explorer-scouts of the Void Engineers
are two examples.

The Fanatics— Their one goal is innovation, and they
will advance technology purely for the sake of "pushing the
envelope." Research is their primary activity, and they seldom
tealize the consequences of their actions. One common moti-
vator is a fear of the unknown, as well as the need to establish
asafe system of order and reason. The pursuit of knowledge
and order, regardless of the applications and
paradigm-shifts that result, leads them on
their crusade.

The Power-Hungry— These are
individuals consumed by their personal
failings. Lust for power, the ecstacy of
destruction, simple greed, the thrill
of discovery (regardless of moral
responsibility) and the false pride
ofelitism are powerful motiva-
tors. The Technocracy sates
these hungers.

The Survivo
only loyalty of t
als is to themselves. Bodies are
falling in the Ascension War,
and some Technomancers just

s— The
individu-

want to survive at any cost. Caught
between the dedication of the Field
Agents and the removed detachment of
the Idealists and Fanatics, they don't al-
ways understand the "big picture," but do understand the
world around them.

Again, these divisions are not necessarily delineated
> by Conventions. Constructs of the Syndicate try to maxi-
» mize profits in small economic zones; they are different
from the Fanatic Syndicate researchers watching from the
Horizon who devise new methods of selling to the Masses.
" Fanatic members of Iteration X serve the great intelligence
in the Deep Umbra that directs the movements of its
troops; they cannot identify with the dedicated HIT Marks
in the field who try to maintain a balance between their
vestigial humanity and dehumanizing programming.

Ascension
F Now what was I going to say in the report? Hell, it was
) getting harder to keep up my mind shields. If the Men in White,
the ones who made sure of our "loyalty," ever found out...

T wasn't going to get anywhere just blowing him away. I've
seen enough killing. It would make a nice little gold star on my

record, but I knew I was going to have to go rogue for a little
while. I wasn't really after the Cultist, despite the orders from
my Intelligence Analyst. I wanted the gun-runners he worked
with, the Hollow Ones I had been looking for.

They were the bastards who led a raid on a school the
Progenitors maintained. They were the scum who set fire to the
building and locked everyone inside

I've captured a few people, sure, but burning down a
building full of college kids was more than I'd ever do. I still
remember sorting through the charred bodies

They probably think they're heroes, now. I think they're as
good as dead.

The simple goal of "serving the Technocracy to win the
war" is not enough for most Technomancers. Many are
Striving for a personal Ascension, and each one has his own
view of what Ascension should be. Any Technomancer must
eventually determine what path he choosesto
advocate. Here are a few examples:

—The World Must Be Made Safe
"The Masses are at the mercy of un-
seen supernatural forces. Superstition still
lingersinaworldwhereeveryoneshould
be safe. We must make the, word
Secure. We're the ones who do the
dirty work, and our Collective
implementsall the theories of the
Symposiums. They' velostsight
of what's really happening.

"All this talk of Ascen-
sionisridiculous. The Realm we
need is right here— once we make
it safe. All we need to do is purge it
of the corruption of the occult."

—Daniel Smith, Intelligence
Analyst of the Men in Black
—Perfect All of Humanity
"Ascension is, simply put, the perfection
of one's self. We implement that. Saying that technology is
inherently evil is ridiculous. We heal the sick, perfect the body,
and create a world in which the Masses are not dependent on the
mysticism of a limited few. The world asawhole must Ascend."

—Dr. Irene Rollins, Progenitor

—Ascend to Autochthonia

"Technology is a perfect model of reality. Everything works
together. I've seen the way that model should work... because I've
seen Authochthonia. That's the way the world should be. We can
all find the joy of Autochtonia. We're evolving, and making the
machines a part of us is just the next step..."

—Test Subject #137, Iteration X

—Ascend to the Horizon to Maintain the Earth

"There are many members of the Technocracy, including
members of the Syndicate, who work in the streets, and I respect
that. But in order for us to coordinate our efforts, we can't lose
sight of the ideas that founded our Order. That's why the
Symposiums oversee everything. By removing ourselves from

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 79


The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

the filthin the streets, we keep our pure models of reality. We can
implement our purest ideals

"We're experts. We have the tools of reason on our side
And from our vantage point, we can control the Masses for their
own good. This crap about the ‘New Feudalism' is a catchword
for the traitors in the Technocracy who are jealous of the people
at the top. We, the rulers of the Technocracy, have Ascended to
our rightful places of power, and the mistakes of the Mythic Age
will be eradicated for all time."

—Dr. Harold Kalishnakov, Syndicate Representative

— Ascend to the Worlds Beyond

"Do you really think you'll find a perfect model of reality here?
This worldhas been tom apart. This worldis only one model of what
reality can be. There are limitless possibilities waiting beyond. Inthe
depths of space, we will find other worlds waiting to yield knowledge.
We must watch, for somewhere in the limitless realities of the
unknown is the world to which we must Ascend.

"This world is dying. We must travel far beyond the Horizon.

"We mustalso prepare ourselves. Do you really think the only
threats to humanity are here on Earth? We've begun to see what
ruthless inhuman powers lurk beyond the boundaries of our explo-
ration. They

—Dr.

‘re waiting for us... so that they can consume us."

za Trondheim, Void Engineer

The Challenge

Thid the Cultist's unconscious body. The HIT Mark wasn't
equipped to do a genetics scan of the building. The construct MIBs
we had working with us used gen-scans, but they were searching the
next block. This part of the mission was all mine.

Construct #32 walked into the room, raising the 45mm
chain gun out of his back. My adrenaline always kicked in when
he did that. As I stared into the barrel of his gun, I realized that
my act had to be perfect now. One false move and I'd be dead.

Taking on a front of righteous indignation and oppos-
ing anyone with a position of power is easy. Actually trying
tochange things and working to fix a corrupt system is more
difficult. In the same way, it's easy for the Tradition mages
to see the Ascension War as contest between "good" and
"evil." The real situation is more complex. Individuals must
choose their own beliefs, and there are always opportuni-
ties to redefine them.

The truly talented members of the Technocracy have
other concerns beyond the threat of the Traditions. They
must live with ethical ambiguity and personal soul-search-
ing. They must retain their free will, analyze their own lives
and pursue a personal vision of Ascension. The war is
raging; the challenge awaits.

Yeah, Ihadajob to do, but this was personal. This wasamatter
of honor. I holstered my gun and looked him straight in the eye.

"No problem. All clear."

He turned to walk out the door, and my charcoal-gray suit
helped me fade into the shadows. That's what I do. Keep your
damn battlefields. The war is being won in the shadows,

Fortunately, humanity is winning.


> lous creatures, things best not mentioned by

». Save to say that they are growing more

» Corruption and Oblivion."

The Nephandi

Dark Mirrors

Head like a hole

Black as your soul

Td rather die than givevyou control

Bow down before the one you serve
You're going to get what you deserve
Nine Inch Nails, "Head Like a Hole"
Jodi Blakerermea down at the form laying

= prone on heraltar and smiled. "You're terrified, aren't you?"

The only answer to the question was silence and more sweat
pouring off the young mage's body: "Youshould be. Inless than'
an hour, you'll be gone from'this world." She ran one black-
ldcqtiered fingernail from the man's bare chest doww to where
his pants would have started,.had the ahriman. been-nice
enough to leave the pants in place. Her victim squirmed; she
smiled: "Don't worry, your death will serve a greater.
cause."

The Nephandi are ‘almost unique among the
Awakened, in that they choose to serve a greater
force in their drive towards Ascension. They are
also unique among the Traditions in that they are
perfectly willing to make sacrifices— both human.
and Awakened— to the greater glory of their
masters. None can truly say'exactly what their
masters are, save that the Nephandi-Lords per-
sonify corruption and all that is foul in human
society. Some among the Nephandi claim that
they serve Satan. Others speak of more nebu-

name. Even those who have served the
Nephandi-Lords for thousands of years can-
not agree on_the ‘nature of their masters,

powerful all the time. Most Nephandi
simply claim that they serve Pee

Jodi sat beside the trembling man,

Traditions. Many of the Traditions understand the
Nephandi philosophy, but feel that the twisted Nephandi
serve no true purpose beyond the corruption of all that is
worthwhile in the world. Most Traditions would simply
rather see them destroyed than risk the darkness of the
Nephandi spreading further.

Jodi teased her victim's flesh, pinching with her nails and
nipping with her teeth. The man's physical repulsion was
obvious, almost as obvious as his desire. Jodi smiled at both
reactions. "You could join with us. You would hardly be the first
of the Chorus to learn new songs. I was once of. the Celestial
Chorus myself. Back then I was Sister Mary Elizabeth, bur 1
leamed that I was wrong in my beliefs. I learned that there was
more that I coulddo to provide the Chorus with Ascension from
where | am now than I could ever do while sticking to those

bothersome vows of chastity and poverty." Jodi saw his
interest peak and smiled. She paused long enough to force a
passionate kiss upon his mouth, satisfied that he was now,
responding in kind to her ministrations. "The best part is
that I can have anything I want while in this world: [have
more power than most of the Traditions could compre-
hend."

The Nephandi often draw others to their

Ss A beliefs from other Traditions, seducing them with

ID

promises of power, material wealth and eternal
life: Normally they focus on the newly Awak-
ened, those who have only started to taste the
powers of magick, those who desperately seek
more knowledge and ability, impatient with
the ways of their Traditions. These
renunciates, known as the barabbi, are a
cause of great unrest among the mages.
When she had finished, Jodi washed her
victim's body with sweet-scented oils, taking
care to ensure that every part of him was
thoroughly drenched. His breathing slowly
returned to normal, his face bore a faint
smile under the grimace of disgust at his

stroked a hand through his sweat-damp- © ~

ened hair and kissed him lightly on the forehead. "Youare ‘young,
innocent. You think that I ama vile creature. You think that I
wish to see the damnation of all thatis ‘Holy,' but you are very
wrong. You of the Celestial Chorus, yoit of all the Traditions,
should know better than that»\What is your One Stipreme Being
without @ counterpart to-serve as a reminder of what failure to
follow the rules means? Where would your beliefs be, if not for
our beliefs to show that you are right? How can their be light
without darkness?"

The Nephandi have long accepted that their role in
the scheme of reality is twofold. First, they must serve their
masters, the dark forces that corrupt the universe: Second,
they provide a dark ‘reflection. of reality»for the other

bodily weakness. "I used to think that
pleasure was wrong as well, that all of
my ‘sins' would ensure me immediate death and eternal suffer-
ing. It's been hundreds of years and, as you can see, Lam quite
happy and hardly suffering. In fact, we of the Nephandi are
winning your ‘Ascension War.'" Jodi painted symbols on his
body, symbols that he sought in vain to see andunderstand. She
watched his bod twitch with each symbol that was drawn, and
she-smiled.

The Nephandi have long since learned a special Ian-
guage all their-own, called the Dragon's Tongue. The
Dragon's Tongue is used in rituals to speak within their
cabals (called ahriman ) and commune with their masters.
Unless one has gone through the proper rituals, no power

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 81


82

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

can allow a person to understand the symbolsiand words.
Additionally, the vast majority of the Nephandi have
learned the Pictish tongue, assuring easier Communica-
tions with the Black Spiral Dancers, their werewolf
counterparts, in servitude,to all that is corrupt.

"We have many allies among the Kindred and the Garou,
even among the others of the Awakened. We have allies that do
not even realize that they are working towards the same goals as
the Nephandi. ‘Beware false prophets:"" Jodi chuckled deep in
her throat. "Indeed."

The.Nephandi make full use' of the communications
networks provided by the Technocraey, providing,many
television ministries with thé necessary funds to start their
programs and to expand ata later. time»The Nephandi use'
these pawn ministers to extend the general populace's
discontent and fundamental lack of belief.in the estab-
lished religions, seeding doubts that can later be used to
better their own position within'the ranks of Awakened.
The Nephandi also work well along side the Black Spiral
Dancers and with the most corrupt of the vampires, some
among the Sabbat and with the Baali. The Nephandi claim
thatthe Baali were created using members of their own
following. The Baali refuse to speak of such matters.

Jodi stepped back fromher latest work, making certain that
all of the runes and sacraments were in place upon the body of
her victim. All was as it should be. Jodi nodded her satisfaction.
Soon the decision would be made, her latest acquisition would
either join in the ranks of the Nephandi or he would become a
sacrifice'to the powers the Nephandi willingly served. "Youcan
join us," her voice.tas almost a plea, a promise of rewards and
time spent knowing her body. "We have ways of ensuring
loyalty, we would never fear your betrayal, and you could be
with me, forever." She was satisfied to see the way his brow
furrowed; she knew he would join them.

Much like the Black Spiral Dancers of the Garou, the
Nephandi use special rituals in locations held as sacred to
promote unity among the servitors of their masters. These
rituals are called by many names, but the end result is
always the same; in the end, the initiate comes to under-
stand the ways of the Nephandi and willingly sacrifices a
substantial portion of his free will in exchange for power
and personal gratification. In many cases, the followers of
the Nephandi Path go through these rituals regularly,
reinforcing their beliefs upon themselves. Many claim that
the rituals are actually addictive, while others claim them
to be the foremost way for Nephandi to reach a greater level
of understanding, a greater Knowledge of power and its uses.
The rituals place the Nephandi in direct communication
with their masters. The first time a Nephandi initiate takes
place in these rituals is referred to as the "Rebirth." Subse-
quent visits into the ritual areas are most often called
"Regenerations."

Jodi's joy knew no bounds when the young man before her
licked his sweat-stained, oil-coated lips and croaked out the
words from a mouth too dry for easy communication: "I


accept." She called out with to her ahriman, inhuman sounds
passing her lips, sounds that sent primal spasms of fear through
her youngcharge's.body. Images of angry aborted fetuses and
things: that slithered*in the blood-drenched, darkness flashed
behind his eyes. No human could possibly make such noises, no
sare mind could comprehend their meaning. Others came to the
chamber from distant sections of the Labyrinth. They came from
the Pitsand the towers; they poured forth from the Cauil and the
library. Soon the entire Chantry stood together, united in
harmony and ready to receive a new member. Jodi shed tears of
> happiness. Her masters would be so pleased...
q The Labyrinths of the Nephandi are, as often as not,
4 living entities in their own right. These pla n be
i

incredibly diverse, but all are hideous monuments to the
Masters of the Nephandi. Labyrinths that have successfully
breached the Horizon and formed/Realms of their own
often have unique'places within their reality to tie them to
the Nephandi's mastets*on~a personal level. The more
powerful of these\Chantries have areas referred to as the Pit
and thé Gaul. The Pit is the area where group ritu
performed, where many of the darker secrets of the Nephandi
ate practiced in relative safety. The Caul is the area where
a Nephandi's "Rebirth". and: subsequent"Regenerations"
take place. Rumors abound that the Caul is actually a
physical manifestation of a Nephandi-Lord's body, a womb
for destroying and then recreating the individual mage on
a greater level of power or with a stronger belief in the
mastef's Ways to Descend.\Such rumors seem to be un-
founded: To date, no one has been able to detect any severe
genetic changes among captured Nephandi. Still, the ru-
mots persist, as do the rumors,that,the Progenitors have
recently discussed a merger with the Nephandi.

t Jodt watched reverently as the neophyte forced his way past
of Mthe heavy outer skin of the Caul. She saw the amorphous tendrils
that reached eagerly for him and then plunged into his very body
and soul, twisting flesh outof their way and reshaping/his spirit.
Blood washediacross théinterior of the Gaul, leaking through the
(membrane and Steaming as it rolled towards the floor. Jodi
| watched in near-ecstasy as his eyes grew wide with comprehen-
*) sion'and horror, enveloping his mind even as the vomitous mass
of the Caul enveloped and tore aparthis body. She listenedas his
‘woice changed. His pleas for mercy became screams of ecstasy
* andunderstanding. Jodi was pleased, her masters were pleased
Another had joined the ranks of the Infernal and all was as it
should be. The neophyte was beginning his Descent.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 83


The Marauders

Dynamic Madness

I Almost wish I hadn't gone down that rabbit
x hole— and yet— and yet— it's rather curious, you

—CharlesL. jeer, Alice's Adventures in
Wonderland

Robert Davenport relaxed into the white wicker
chair and was surprised to find it comfortable. He
picked up the glass of iced tea that someone had
thoughtfully provided forhim. That, too, he found to his taste, and he
smiled. He still wasn't sure where they were, but the manifestations
seemed veny, very nice!

Marauders are absolutely insane. Of all the factions at war in
the Tellurian, they are the least understood, and are perhaps more
feared'than any other. No matter what grievances lie
between Constructand Tradition, cabal and Chantry,
ot Sleeper and Awakened, all are equally devas-
tated in the chaosandwreckageleftbehindby
Marauders on the warpath. Bvén
the Nephandi will turn their
course to fight thecommon mene?
ality shredded by Paradox
is a less inviting prize.

He placed the glass back onto
the tiny table, narrowly avoiding a
plaid bee. The insect skittered back and
flew away down'the hill. Davenport let
his gaze follow it as it sped towards his
companions in the meadow below. They:
sprinted after it hopefully, butterfly nets
wavingin the breeze, andhechuckled.

The one inthe lead— it had to be
Martins, in that suit— stopped short sud-
denly;and then all four began running in the other
direction. «

‘The Technocracy are affected the worst by
encouritérs with raiding Marauders. Their hold-
ings are concentrated on Earth, and this is where the
Marauders' immunity to Paradox becomes most useful. A
skillfulorlucky band of "crazies" canicripplea Convention base by
their mere presence: their psychoses tend to manifest in physical
forms, "fractures" in reality and holes in the Gauntlet. The
Technomancers stay so busy hiding the vulgat magick that they
cannot defend themselves properly,

"Daddy? Can I go platy too?"

"Oh." He wasn't ready for this. Not here. Not*today. "Sure
honey. Do youhave anet?" He was careful nottolookatherashespoke.

"No..." Her tone rose slightly, and he knew she had her head
cocked to one side in anxious expectation.

One of the most successful Marauder tactics is to bring
mythical creatures through the Gauntlet directly into Conven-
tionterritory. An Australian Technocratic Construct wasplagued
with mysterious disappearances for months before the cause was

84 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

for an eight-year-old's convenience "Here you go, Kary. Have fun. ji
But he closed his eyes until he heard her skipping footsteps fade At
Then, very carefully, he opened them, and scanned the grassy "4
before him. Nowhere was thefe any sign of his daughter. / |
But the very existence of the Marauders poses another
problem, far worse than any mere physical threat: Althoug

for cerituries—the leading theory lai thauthey first apy
before the Age of Reason-—=to thi no
they came from.
Heriéleased his pent-up br
of the chair . For a moment,
lines impressed into
had been Kary and noe: be fica 2"
‘more painfully sane than
todély could rémember a. ad Taal
his wife and daughter were dead,
In fact, the mechanism through whicl
narymage—whether Traditional, Technomane
member or Orphan—becomesa Marauder ret
unknown. It is popular among the you
mages of the Traditions to believe!
that these "unfortunates" are

all Orphans simply gone mad

and uncontrollable. with, the

Davenport shook his head to clear it,

tetumed to watching his friends. He
how many of them could remember how they
to be=siwhether they even knew «what
Become. Was the world alwayssHe ll for

‘Gownmer? Did theyver know?
Mostauthorities hold that the changel isaccident
is the official view embraced by the Technoctacy.
tots—themost vociferous proponents of thishypoth

Kept inactive after their initial capture is unknoy
Teport, sevéral subjects were under observation
laboratories: Those few.spapers the scientists have' pr
Suggest that they are attempting to isolate'a virus involved
transmission of the "disease." Considered iny othe i
Convention's propensity towards germ watfafe
news indeed.
The only Tradition that does not seemso: Sikes in fact,
the' Dreamspeakers, who are. said to be éonducting their own
Studies on some of the "calmersMarauders. Dubious sightings of
Marauders in Dreamspeaker territoriés'and the caems of their


Garou allies abound, giving tise to rumors of a spirit "sedative"
developed by the Speakers. The Tradition's representatives fore
mally@eny any inyolyement, and féw mages are yet desperate
enotigh to askithe werewolves foricomment.

A stiff wind began to blow deross the meadow, whipping the nets
toafrenzied flutter, making colored waves in the tall grass. Funny, the
way his friends rani'. almost likes. Yes, He could barely' see' the
butterflies they chased, but the\pattern of its flight twas too familiar.
Traced by the insects, their purstlétsy and the gray-white nets, there

"Phase space?' ‘

"We can't be/in phase space. IeS

impossible!" he shouted; But he knew thabit was)

manifestation was his} Somethings his madness;

and nothing was sane|in him/aballss

Infact, the Dreamspeakers maybe tellin

frightening. thing about the Marauders, .¢ reason. that so

little is known about them, is that there is no way to tell whether:

amage isa Marauder betore.the fightingstarts. A Marauder using

coincidental magick is indistifiguishable from any other mage,

and their characteristic immunity, to Paradox doesn't matter in

» the Umbra. The difference shows only when the Marauder uses
larg amounts of vulgat magick.

"Chef?" The Gourmet's voice broke the silence. "Chef Daven-
port, I should like to arrange dinner for this evening, if you would be so
kind. Senorita Aabraxas will be joining us, You know..."

"Yes." Davenportstood and cleared his throat. "Yes, ofcourse,"
he said turning to take hi§coat offof the chair. He found both occupied.

"Youre notmty wife he said. Butshe was achingly close —itwas
always the eyes, old eyes where Maraya's were so young—and she
smiled at him sadly.

"Why do you do this to me?"

"For freedom," she replied. "For the infinite freedom."

"But why the calm? Why this knowledge?"

_ "Someone mustknow. Your soullis light enough for the rest to see
by." And her hand "ose to touch his cheek.

) The Maratiders' madness is no sure clue fo identification. As
with many:disorders, their particular lunacy may not be obvious
to thé eye or apparent in casual'¢onversation. Close association
may not reveal any problem.

Furthermore} not every insane mage is a Marauder. The
Continuum has plenty of ordinary fanatics, psychotics and mages
in Qui simply adds an extra edge to;any mental cfisis toknow
that one's nearest and dearest may expect ohe to join the enemy:

"And why the fight? Didn'tl— didn' twe swearan oathybefore the
accident?"

"We fight for the world as it was. YOlucan keep youtioath better
inthe elder age}to,come."

"But why the secrecy? What\are wer"

"We shall be silent for our allies; and their charges?

"And?"

"And you know what you are. You knew all thistvhen you made
jour choice, Robert, This is an old argument."

"Jc i" Hle sighed deeply, "I thinkethat ow should go away now.
Come back when I forget again,"

appeared another butterfly— and old words rose unbidden to his lips.

ye truth, The most.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick

85


Orphans

Clear Paths

Can you feel it, see it, hear it today?

If you can't, then it doesn't matter anyway

You will never understand, ithappens too fast:

And it feels so good, it's like walking on glass:

— Faith No More, "Epic"

Bryce stood behind the counter of Grimm's
Occult Specialty Shop and observed few custom-
ers in the place. One was a middle-aged woman staring at the
section for Reincarnation and Transcendental Meditation. She
was so eager for knowledge, so hungry to know that there was
more to life than death and taxes. Bryce smiled sadly; her
chances were so slim. Despite the passion she felt for the ideas of
High Magick, she still accepted the reality that had been imposed
on her. It was a shame, really — she wanted so much, yet
refused herself the right to see beyond the Curtain. He estimated
her chances of ever Awakening on her own at slightly less than
a snowball's chance in Hell.

The other customers were a different story entirely; not
‘one, but two mages stood in his store. Both completely ignored
the "magic items" on the shelves and went straight to the least
glamorous part of the store, the section where True Magick
could be found. The small Oriental woman was from the Order
of Hermes, and she wore her pride in the old ways like a shield
against the Sleepers. The older man he couldn't place, but he
suspected the Akashic Brotherhood, simply by the way the man
carried himself —telaxed and graceful— almost sure signs that
he was skilled in the physical aspects of Do. He wondered how
they regarded what they saw.

There can be little doubt that the average Tradition
mage has nothing but contempt for the Orphans. Most
mages don't want the self-A wakened anywhere near them,
fearing that the lack of proper training is inherently dan-
gerous. Some Orphans would agree with this idea, but
these are normally the same ones that beg their way intoa
Tradition proper.

For most Orphans, the decision to join with a recog-
nized Tradition is simply a matter of survival. The
Technocracy would love nothing more than to locate
Orphans and either convert them or wipe them out of
existence. There is both strength and security in numbers.
A sizable number of the Orphans simply join with the
Hollow Ones, accepting their less strenuous philosophies.
and gaining most of the benefits that could be gathered by
joining with one of the nine "True" Traditions. For some,
however, that is simply not a viable option. Those that
remain behind are the true Orphans, the self-Awakened.

The man was therfirst to come over. He had'recognized
Bryce as one of the Awakened despite Bryce's deliberate at-
tempts to remain unnoticed. The gentleman smiled apologetically

86 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

and asked his question. "Excuse me;'do you have any other
items, perhaps of the type not normally left in. the open?" The
question was whispered and Bryce appreciated the softness of the
man's tone: No one needed Sleepers or, worse still, the Tech-
nocracy hearing too much about one of the few serious stores in
town. Bryce nodded and.led him towards the back room, away ~~"
from prying ears. J

Orphans pay a high price for their independent'ac-
tions. Many cannot locate a Chantry or even a cabal that
will accept them, and even when they are accepted as
members, they are hardly treated as equals. Mote often
than not, an Orphan must barter favors for admittance into
a Chantry. Some even work as mercenaries for the Tradi-
tions, taking high-risk assignments or adding to a cabal's
power base in exchange for nothing more than Tass. The
more experienced Orphans sometimes work in exchange'
for information, including access to a Chantry's libraries, ii
but even knowledge does not come without a cost. of a

No words were needed as the man looked around at the :
collection of Talismans and fastened his eyes on the katana
propped carefully against a collection of tarot cards. "Right
again," Bryce thought, but did not say. Bryce had
learned first from an old sensei in Hong Kong, and he
Brotherhood fairly well. The haggling only lasted af minute
and Bryce was disappointed as usual;
to possess the sword, and had
bartering.

many Bek oh to call scheme :
substantial number of them started with «

Tradition to Tradition, seeking a phi
sense. "They seldom find what th

Traditions could be formed, mages hi
Tradition mages seem to have forgotten
ones that remain Orphans, even the Hollow:
limited in the way they think. It should be point
however, that many of the self-Awakened work i
of their own, forming what may well oe Traditions in
their own right in the future: i
Eventually, the Hermetic mage was led into the back room
as well. She took her time, window shopping, not really looking
for anything specific. Bryce thought she was attractive, and the
feeling was mutual. They took to talking. When Bryce brought.
upher Tradition, indicatinga pre-Roman portion of the Kabbala, |
she laughed softly and shook her head. "No, Mister Grimm, I'm
afraid you're mistaken. I'm notwith the Order, I'm Verbena.
Bryce chalked one up for his imaginary competition


explained that the Seal of Solomon was simply a gift.from a
friend, and one she found pleasing to the eye. Bryceimmediately
began pointing out a few items that he felt would be of particular
interest to Kami; as the woman identified herself, and had made
another sale in a matter of ten minutes.

One example of the Orphan groups that has done very
well is the Hollow Ones. Other Cliques, or Crafts, includ-
ing the Children of Proteus, Bata'a, Sisters of Hippolyta,
Sculptors of Fate, Children of Knowledge andFringe Walk-
ers, grow in number. Most of these groups are very new.
Most started in this century. The Fringe Walkers, who
stand at the border between Tradition balance and Ma-
rauder madness, have been around for centuries, changing
many times over the years, while the alchemical Children
of Knowledge claim to be the oldest Tradition of them all.

The two talked until well after the store had closed} and
Kami suggested making love. Bryce had no objections, and he
proved himself to be aworthy mate. Hehad spent mostofhis teen
years learning from a very passionate member of Kami's Tradi-
tion, and apparently a few things had rubbed off. Kami finally
broke down and asked him the question he normally avoided
answering: what Tradition did Bryce follow? Bryce never lied
about the matter; he told her matter-of-factly that he was an
Orphan. Kami was surprised, but hid her shock well. They
talked of philosophies until the sun was on the rise. Then they
went upstairs to Bryce's apartment to sleep.

When he awoke just after noon, Kami was gone. She'd left
a note for him, promising to return in a few days. The Winter
Solstice was near. Kami had preparations to make for the formal
gathering. Bryce smiled; it was always nice making anew friend.
The buzzer sounded below as he was getting dressed; another
day, and Grimm's Occult Specialty Shop was open 365 days a
year. He wondered what surprises the day would bring, and
hoped fervently that he would meet a person who shared his
passion for bartering. Bryce loved a tough sale.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 87

The flollow Ones

Laughter in
Shadow

Whatian inheritance

The salt and the Kleenex
Morbid self-attention
Bending my pinky back.
You're perfect yes, it's true

But without me, you're only you

Your menstrudtin' heart

Tt.din't bleedin' enough for two

— Faith No More, "Midlife Crisis"

Sascha moved across the, pulsing dance floor with a prac-
ticed nonehaldnce she did not feel. Thewraith stood only a few
‘feeBaway fronyhenwand she.felt the chill‘that poured from its

"radiant form even from where she stood; the idea of.
actually approaching the glorious form was enough
to make her feel, unworthy. Before she could
speak, the wraith called out to'her softly,
Even its voice was beautiful..1 see you.
Timéan youno\harm. Come tome."

Fhat'the wraith sensed her fear
‘was enough ofan annoyanéetomake
her force her dread into the back-
ground. "I'm_supposed to talk ‘to
you... Bur'T don't know what to.
say." She hated that the words were
faint, almost weak. She uncon-
sciously looked around the room'to
make certain that none of thé Sleepers
were looking at het and laughing. They
Were not, and shé allowed herself rorelax:

@ontrary to the beliefs of mose Tradi-
tionmages, the Hollow Ones do have their own
set»of Beliefs. The primary difference is that most
‘Hollow Ones do not discuss their mutual beliefs with other,
mages, Many deny that Ascension isa true aspeétofreality,
preferring to live in the here and now‘instead of focusing
their attentions on the future.. The Hollow Ones, more
than any other Tradition, reflect the mass-media's beliefs
in the occult. As the media is— for the most part—
ignorant about'the truths of the supernatural, the Hollow
Ones feel a powerful need to learn for themselves about the
realicies beyond the legends of werewolves, vampires and
wraiths.

To a follower of the Hollow Tradition, the most
important aspect of magick is the vast knowledge that can
be learned. Mind you, no Hollow One would ever admit
anything ofthe sort to oneof his peers. To this end, they are
more likely to use a ouija board ora deck of tarot cards than
tovuse a cauldron orwand;"théy are:soenwrapped in the

88 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

general beliefs of magick as-perceived by the media that
what most of the Awakened would disdain as parlor games
work quite well as foci for them. More than a few of the
Hollow Ones have been'known to use a-black silk top hat
for more than the production of a rabbit. Most Traditions
assume that the Goth mages need no foci, but thatisusually
because their foci are harder to locate With ease and
normally take the form of jewelty or fashion accessories.
The Hollow Ones realize thatymagick without foci is
possible and some even disdain. the use of foci. Those that
choose not to find.a focus for. their magick, however, find
learning new.Spheresdifficult.

Sascha was utretly "fascinated by the scintillating light that

composed the wraith's form; and she had to fight to avoid trying
totonch it, ifimatérial substance. "Does it hurtto be dead?" She
hated the Words as soon as they were out of her mouth. What if
the wraith were to take' offense?
The wraith laughed, a sound like crystal chimes
Struck by silver bells. "No, child; there is no
pain." The wraith seemed to fade away for
asetond, butreturned almostinstantly.
"No ,physical-pain. at least. Am J all
that you expected?"

mockery in the voice of the angelic
form, but took no offense.-"No,
youare so much more than I could
have hoped for..." There she went
again, making stupid comments

hated looking like she didn't know
anything. What was the purpose of,
dressing Goth if you acted like a geek?

Hollow. Ones-are ‘very much the
slaves to fashion, but only ifffashion repre-
sents the darkné§$,and decay that surrounds
them, No Hollow One likes to admit to being less than
knowledgeable, especially in the presence of the other

Traditions. While theywill deny vehemently,a need tobe

accepted asequals — normally, claiming that they are
above such pettiness— the followets of the Hollow Tradi-
tion are assusceptible tofeclinigs ofrejection and inadequacy
as any of the Awakened.

"Who were You 11 mean,;who are'you2" Again, more
stupid.questions, but Sascha felr thé need to,know, about the
‘wraith, ‘to know'about all of the wraiths: Surely there.wasno
greater example of what lay beyond death's door. Surely there
was no better representation of what came with the stipposed
‘Ascension than the being that stood before her.

The wraith smiled, avid.even its smile was enchantingly
beautifill, Sheiwanted to weep with joy at what she saw, but was
aware that the cabal was watching, daiting to see\a. sign of

Sascha could hear the gentle

and sounding like aamateur. Sascha

Sete

tveakness in their new initiate. "Nobody-special,". the wraith
replied. "Myspast life would simply-bore you!".The wraith
reached out and touched beyond her flesh, touched her soul, her
Avatar. "Certainly Iwas not as great as you will be, provided
you leam the necessary lessons before yountime is over."

"Whatlessons? Please, Ineed toknow." The iwraith smiled
again shook its head sadly. There would be no answer, not now
at_least, but the knowing eyes that looked at her promised
knowledge when the time was right: In spite of the promise,
Sascha's heart fell. "Please, tell me'something. 1 have to know
What,to expect."

The'Hollow Ones believe in the emptiness they all feel
inside, the! void that they canhot fill no matter how hard
théy try: This emptiness, or more appropriately, this hollow
feeling, is the primaty motivating factor. in followersiof the
Traditions The clothes they wear, the-attitudes they carry,
all mirror the desolation and longing that many of the
Hollow Ones feel.

The avraith:smiled again, and this time it-answered her
question. "You arerightto embrace the'darkness. The emptiness
inside you is a part of what youmust lose in. ordeémto move ont
But child, please remembenshat thete is also'light.in the world
) Embrace the light as/tvell." As the-last words escaped past
glorious', sepulchral lips, the wraith faded away, leaving only
more voidavhere before there was such beautifullighteSascha felt
the loss in theldepths of her soul.

She turned'and saw the cabal staring at her, waiting to see
that she would do, still judging whether or not she was worthy.
To hell with them; if they decided that she was less than their
equals, shewouild stilbsurvive. She had learned so much on her
otin already that she didn't need then»to teach her anything.
Still, "she, wanted to have friends. Everyone tants friends.

> Everyone needs family,

The followers of the Hollow Praditiomprefer to stay in
areaspopulated by people, preférably those that follow the
same Gothic mentality in both dress and lifestyle. In many
tases; the bars where Hollow Ones hang become the
modern equivalent of opium dens? These punk bars and

thrash dance halls are often so filled with Sleepers hopped

"wuporknocked out on drugs thar' vulgar magick can bésed
with.a lessened risk of suffering Paradox: AS often as.not,
the magick performed is less impressive ‘than' what the
Sleepets are already Seeing.

Baron walked over to where she stood and looked down at
her. Baron was tall. and lean, his hair dyed to match his clothes,
and his ears and nose decorated with flashes of light to help guide
him in his Search through the darkness "He did n6t smile; he did
not have to smile. She had been accepted. Around them the
Sleepers: listened to the harsh, blaring music and consumed
alcohol or a variety of illegal narcotics. Baron stuck a cigarette
inhis mouth and Sascha ignited her hand so that he could in turn
ignite the tip of his cigarette. Not surprisingly, no one noticed.
They danced totheir own thythm as the music played on. It was
good to be home‘atlast.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick

89


Part |

hree: The

Lost Tradition

The Ahl-i-Batins

ye Subiie Ones

Which i oP

Soul &

With its ctllture...

—Norman B., Deviations from The Norm,
Harken and attend! Thus spake the Khwaja

al-Akbar:
Ina Time before there was time, a great Hero slew a great

Beast. The carcass of the Beast formed a huge tain
covering the World, and the Hero knew that the World must be
cleared for the coming of Humanity. By acts of Primal Magick
only dimly understood ' ‘by thosessuch as Myselves, the Hero
carved Mountain Qaf into a mi mnie Ascension itselfja # ee
broad €haotic diversity of Human Belief spanning.the ba

whose collective strivings form the Avatars, ‘the Pathe :
Ascendence reaching Up the mountainside through the Ranks of
the Awakened and the Realms of the Oracles, through the
Realms of Incarnae and Celestines, and converging in the
Presences, which are the Shadows, of Pure Ones, before
joining at the Summit, Which Is The Unity.

Such a Great Work was not without a Pri¢e, however. The
Blood of the Beast seeped deep into the Earth, saturating it with
highl: ged Quintessence and forming a dangerously un-
stabl e for the mountain of Ascension. It must be the Task
of the reunified Traditions to channel this raw unwieldable
Power safely into the paths of Ascension, Writing The Name Of
The Unity across the face of the World, before the stability of the
Mountain Itself is threatened. f
The Doctrine of the Unity, Revealed byth.
Khwajaval-Akbar upon. the Night of Fana in the Dash
Margo, Committed to Memory by Rufai the Mede of the
Darwushim, Transcribed by Khattaboth Kaghan of the
University of Light, and Preserved for the Edification and
Enlightenment of All who are Awakened by Josephusithe
Ascetic of the Brethren of the Unified Soul

90 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Background "

Although they were one of the original members of ae
Council of Nine (occupying the seat now held by the
Virtual Adepts), the Ahl-i-Batin are practically unknown
to many Tradition mages. Most assume that they were
wiped out when the Technocracy moved into the Middle
East to ensure its control of the newly discovered oil fields.
That the Ahl-i-Batin elude the magicks of most AWakened
so easily may be taken as some tribute to this Tradition's
mastery of keeping to the shadows. At various times
throughout history; the Ahl-i-Batin have been one of the
most politically powerful Traditions on the planet (though
not many realized it).

The Night of Fana

The history of the AhL-i-Batin begins with the Hima-
layan Wars of 900-600 BG; when a sect of Handura (later
subsumed into the Buthanatos) viciously fought to drive
the old Akashic Brotherhood out of thedndian subconti-
nent. Now, it happened that a group of young Initiates and
Acolytes, who all happened to be builders and stonemasons
by trade, were separated from the Brotherhood by a
Euthanatos ambush while travelling between monasteries.
Harried through the Khyber Pass and@into what is now
Afghanistan, some of the band died, and many were driven
to the edge of sanity by the Entropy magicks of the
Euthanatos.

Finding themselves upona broad verdant plain bounded
at either hand by great distant mountains, the group camé
upon a band of dervishes engaged in a mad frenzied dance.
These were the Darwiishim, a schismatic sect of the Cult of
Ecstasy that had incurred the wrath of certain factions of
what became the Celestial Chorus by daring to suggest that
the higher intelligence the*ecstatics contacted through
their rites was the One of Celestial Chorts.dogma.

Without missing a beat, one of the drummers mo-
tioned the Akashic Brothers to join the dance, and they did
so.

Much has been said of that evening, whi¢hgis now
called-the Night of Fana, and most Batini customs and
doctrine are said to have their origins in the merging of
Traditions that occurred. The uncontrolled passion of the

'


¢

4

l

Darwushim found a kind of discipline and implicit order in
the Do forms through which thesBrothers danced, and, in
astate of divine intoxication, pierced themselves with long
steel needles. The contemplative movements of the Akashic
Brothers were infused with an incomprehensible energy,
drawing them beyond their limited understanding of Mind,
and many twisted around in theinjskins striving to find the
Way of these unknown vistas of consciousness.

At the climax of this great dance, a véry strange thing
happened. Mahlay, a Darwushim Acolyte, singled outya"
member of the Akashic retinue, a sculptor by the namie of
Saddhu, and stood before him. Now Saddhu was a poor

ickly man with a withered left arm who had specialized in
vingdthe eyes of goddesses with his
good right arm; Mahlayythough
dancétwith a great soul, had
been accorded his proper sta
among the Darwushim, forhedaa
leftarm (an affliction then cone
sidered a curse among them).
q flashYof profound recogni-
tion passed between
them, and they stepped
forward as though to
embrace. Upon
touching, the two
men fused into of
Mahlav's face on the back'
of Saddhu's head and Saddhu'
featurés emerging from the back
f Mahlav's skull. This double-

whole, began a strange improvised. >
Do-dance, chanting (in stereo) tothe,
assembled mages and Acolytes.

Tam the Khwaja al-Akbar, it explained, an Oracle of the
Place Which Is One, and my journeys among the world of men
are en Tamyxeturned to myself. I bring to you, who have
no more Fellowship of your own, the Doctrine of the Unity,
whereby Ascension may be made known to all, and the "ae
bling-fences of dogmatic philosophy be transcended. | call to
you, who are now Orphaned, to cleave tome in founding a Path

was to write a great runé ormandala aeross the face of the
earth which would focus the thoughts and aspirations of
Sleeper and Awakened alike into a cosmological ideal that
afforded some control of— and protection from— the
powderkeg of Quintessence on which the world rested. ©

As the Khwaja chanted, Darwushim bards str
memorize the rhythms of the recital, and Akashic$e:
scribbled the Khwaja's words in hasty notational Sanskrit.
When the Khwaja sang of the Unity, its words described
not only the Correspondence Point of space and time, but
the Universal Mind as well, and the undivided One of pure

Prime, All Pathsmust recognize the commonality of their
respective doctrines, the Khwaja abjured, lest their en-
emieSdivide and conquer them. The Doctrine of the Unity
would provide the key to the trust of others.

It is ironic that the Night of Fana climaxed with the
Khwaja's call ‘to unification, for at that moment, the
western horizon darkened as Handura reinforcements ar-
rived to hound their Akashic quarry into oblivion, and the
sky to the east blazed with the approach of a host of the
Celestial Chorus bent on squelching the Darwushim her-
sy once and for all##Of the ensuing conflagration, one can
only speculate, for the Celestial Chorus and the Euthanatos
give strangely conflicting accounts, and the Ahl-i-Batin
have never been induced to speak upon'
the matter. All that can be said for certain
isthatthe rich fertile plain upon which
this event took place is now called the
ht-i-Margo, or Great Desert of
Death, which spans much of Af-
ghanistan.

The Hidden
Plan of Onity

Impossible
though it may seem,
the fledgling Tradition
survived the Night of Fana,
but would not reveal its
existence to other mages for sev-
eral centuries. Their activities
may be inferred from historical
sources: empires began'to.rise and fall
‘more quickly, conquering each other
in increasingly rapid succession. Cer-
tain groups, however, achieved a kind of
permanence, particularly some religious
sects in Palestine and ruling families in Petsia. The envi-
ronment of the cities changed dramatically; an engineering
breakthrough called a ganat allowed water from melting
mountain snows to be transported underground across the
arid Persian plains to the.cities, where lush gardens with
tinkling fountains were built. The arts of urban planning

dapted and grew accordingly, while architecture arose to

of your Pi a § & new heights, castifig the mandala patterns of the cities in
Th ion of the Khwaja, and all who would follow ~~ sharp relief.

By the time of the Réman Empire, the proliferation of
schismatic religious sects Was taking its,toll upon the
Celestial Chorus, and its inquisitorial factiofs had a field
day rounding up heretics. Through reams of confessions
andintérrogation transcripts, a fragmentary picture emerged,
and the Chorus came to the realizationthat its home turf,
the thickly Noded cradle of civilization, was beingiinfil-
trated and appropriated under its very nose. Purges and
pogroms were set in motion, and dungeons thickened with
Essenemenes, Chaopts, Ignostics and heretics of all variet-

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 1


92

ies, but even the combined efforts of all such groups could
not account for the massive deficit of Quintessence which
the Chorus was €xperiencing at many of its most powerful
Nodes.

With the/absence of the Roman Empire, the once-
fertile crescent was reduced to a wasteland denuded by
human consumption, in which Marauders and their Djinn
hordes preyed upon unwary travellers. The isolation of the
cities dotting this landscape enforced an isolation upon all
within the region, with communication uncertain at best.

Avlength,when the Celestial Chorus seemed about to
abandon its holy [and for the greener pastures of Europe,
the chief member of the inquisitorial faction awoke to find,
upon the pillow beside his head, a warm loaf of sweet mana-
bread andthicksheaf of papers laboriously inscribed with
a plan which would unify the cities of the wastes with an
array of Nodes aligned around a central axis. Accompany-
ing this plan was an engraved invitation to discuss its
implementation signed by Hermetic potentates, the Akashic
Brotherhood and the Cult of Ecstasy, beating a,magickal
charge which was easily traceable to the house 6f'a rich
merchant of Isfahan.

Chorus delegates arrived to find other Traditions rep-
resented and engaged in vigorous discussion of the plan.
Chorus eldefsquickly discerned the wisdom of the plan: a
synergetic net/of linked Nodes which would fracture and
divide the blanket hold of the Mad Ones upon the lands. In
a rare cessation of internecine feuding, the pre-Council
Traditions agreed to recognize a good thing when they saw
it, for the mutual benefit to-all was unmistakable.

Certain members6f each Tradition, however, skeptics
suspicious of the plan's method of delivéryscame to the
collective realizati6n/that none of the represented Tradi-
tions were the originators of the plan, and incisive inquiries
soon revealed that their host, the "rich merchant" of
Isfahan, was, in fact, a coalition of minor but respectable
Crafts with deep roots in the prehistory ofCentral Asia and
the Fertile Crescent), The members of this coalition were
known to include the Ikhwan at-Tawhid ("Brethren of the
Unified Soul," reclusive ascetic mystics on the fringe of the
Celestial Chorus), Ustad Akhdir Jabal, who taught music
and dance in his "Paradise Garden" at Isfahan, the Univer-
sity of Light (Qabilists from Jerusalem), the Silk Cartel of
‘Samarkand and the Darwushim, now unafraid to use their
name openly. Inquisitorial forces did their best to discern
some Conspiracy behiiid this coalition, but found only
lowly mystics of limited magickal understanding, practitio-
ners sincerely anxious to rally around the strongest source
of magickal energy in their midst.

After a brief but vicious flurry of infighting over the
locale of the central'Node, the plaf' Wasyaccepted. Its
dissertations upon the metaphysic of Unity capttired the
heartsof the Celestial Chorus' old guard. Quintessence was
to be channeled across the wastes by conduits of raw human
faith, sent by prayer or carried in person, collected at a


|

massive central Node and redistributed back to the con-
tributory nodes. The net sweptithe face of the planet in
Site. Sie waves of willing recruits, resulting in a vast
renaissance, not only for the Celestial Chorus, who tended
the Central Node with the aid of the Ikhwan at-Tawhid,
but forall magery in its regions. The Marauders were driven
from the wasteland realms, and even the culture and
civilization of the Sleepers were elevated to hitherto un-
seen heights.

Mount Qaf and the Web of Faith

With the spread of the Web of Faith, as it came'to be
led, came the proliferation of cults and religious sects,
ally centered around an Errant who drew upon the Quint-
essential energy of thesWeb, which alarmed not only the
Celestial Chorus, But the other mnsas well. Steps were
taken to drive groups like the Iblisiy Yazudi, Abululians and
Shimailites out of the Web. pectin escalated over'the
next few centuries, until the Chorus and the Order of Hermes
called in massive reinforcements from Europe. Fearing an-
g™ aust, such as that which ended the Night of Fana,
the true masters of the Ahl-i-Batin revealed themselves in
secret to high-ranking members of the Traditions. Invoking
the Doctrine of Unity, they assured the Tradition leaders of
their good intentions, explaining their long deceptiomyas a
means of protection against the Handura. Leaders were
invited to Sihr Ma Mount Qaf was revealed to
them. Many Traditio1 lers Claimed to have seen theirown
Avatars beckoning to them fromthe upper slopes/of the
jountéinside.

Though they had secured some powerful allies, the
fl AhL-i-Batin still lived in fear of enemies old and new, and
* ' kept secret two of their major sources of strength: the

Qutbs, Masters of the Sphere of Mind who kept the far-
flung Batini léaders in close telepathie contact, and the
qanat, a method of drawing up Quintessential energy from
the vast resevoirs of "dragon's blood" which lay beneath
most of the Middle East (see the excerpt from the Doctrine
of the nity, above), which could be used to create a
temp miniature Node of sorts.

Batini diplomats may have been instrumental inthe
formation of the Council of the Nine, but were still reluc-
tant to reveal themselves to any but the highest leaders of

other "li Their place on the Gouncil was officially

defined e affiliation of "Crafts" called the Geomattie

Coalition As years passed, however, the Batini insistence
upon their cloak-and-dagger charade became something of
an inside joke among Council members, prompting one to
remark: "These ‘subtle ones' seem to be so-o-o subtle that
even they don't know what they are doing!"

Though merely a joke, this statement may indicate the
major reason for the Ahl-i-Batin's eventual downfall "While
they made incredible progress in bringing the Traditions
together, their own fragmented structure tended to blind
them to corruption within their ranks, and their constant

meddling in Mid-Eastern politics began to wheel out of
control. At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the
Techhtocracy became aware of the vast Quintessence re-
serves under the region and moved in to take over. In the
fierce battles which followed, both sides lost; Mount Qaf
was shut away from the Earth and both parties were ban-
ished from its ineffable slopes.

What followed does little credit to the Batini leader-
ship, which promptly abandoned its Disciples with vague
claims of a future return and triumph. After decades of
decline, the ailing Tradition broke ranks with the Council
following a dispute with the European-based Traditions
between the two World Wars. The Batini, vowing to
protect their homeland against the Technocracy single-
handedly, vanished largely from the Council's sight.

It is possible that many (or even all) Batini leaders
were hunted down and destroyed, for no hidden Masters
have yet been discovered, either by Tradition, Technoc-

Extra-Traditional Initiation

Before this century, and back into earliest
history, certain Oracles took an active role in
Awakening ‘the Avatars of promising, mortals,
particulafly those with no connection to the
khanagahs who might otherwise have become
Orphans. The‘appearance of such beings among
the khanagahs may temporarily "remind" them of
the Doctrine of Unity.and their kinship with each
other, but schismatic rivalries invariably resume
once the Oracle has left. A player who wishes her
Batini character to bejaware of the Ahl-i#Batin's
full Traditional heritage may wish to include one
of the following Presences in her Prelude:

¢ Alkidr, an immortal prophet from the age of
Ibrahim (Abraham), an Oracle of the Sphere of
Time.

© The Khwaja al-Akbar, embodiment of cos-
mological erudition identified with the Egyptian
Thoth and the Greek Hermes, said to have initi-
ated Pythagoras, Euclid and Plato into the first
levels of undérstaniding "of the Sphere of Corre-
Spondence.

 Nazdhur-i-Khanja trickster of Central Asian
folklore, whose "foolish" And "insane" behavior is
the result of (and often results in) an increased
comprehension of the Sphere of Mind.

¢ The‘Aql-i-Khul, called the Universal Mind,
the Akasha, The Fitst Thought of God, ete, an
angelic being of pristine abstraction, thought to,
be aPrimal manifestation of the Pure Ones by the
AhL-i-Batin, but considered an Incarna by other
Traditions.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 93

{

racyor their own followers. Those left behind, cut off from
each other and from their allies among the Traditions,
literally never knew what hit them. Thus the Ahl-i-Batin

became the butt of another, more cruel joke at the hands of

the Technomantic victors, to wit: "They have divided,
now we williconquer!"

Organization

The higher ranks of the old Ahl-i-Batin were said to
extendupward (or rather, inward, toward the Unity) through
the lost Horizon Realm of Mount Qaf with all its ancient
and venerated sages, saints and prophets, through the
Realms of such Oracles as Alkidr, the Khwaja al-Akbar and
Nazdhur-i-Khan, through thick ranks of "Presences," an-

gels, ptémonotheist deities and.éther Umbral denizens
suchas the ‘Aql-i-Khul, and, ultimately, to the Unity Itself.
On a more mundane level, however, their organization
more closely resembles that of a modern covert intelligence
operation, one with closely-knitself-contained groups which
may not even be aware of each others' existence or affilia-
tion, and with the intercommunications couched in
elaborate codes (usually of a mystical or esoteric nature)!

The AhL-i-Batin hierarchy of teacher/student interre-
lationships gather into lodges called khanaqahs. These can
take the form of craft and trade guilds, secret
openly religious institutions. Those who have achieved

societi

s or

4 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

RM

BR |\

Adeption or Mastery of a Sphere are initiated into the full
Traditional heritagév6f the Ahl-i-Batin, and are called
Murshids. Beneath them are the Murids, who may have
attained up to Rank 3in.a Sphere, but who8e initiation is
confined to the outward doctrines and mythés of the locak
khanagah to which they belong.

Each khanagqah is presided over by a shaykh or council
of shaykhs, who, in this century, havéwrarely progressed
beyond the Murid level. The main function of most
khanaqahs is to maintain a worldly power base for the
Murshids, either through political and commercial ma-
nipulations or through the wielding of religious influence.
Each khanaqah maintains large private guest quarters calledijy
the haram, which jis reserved for visiting MurShids.

When the‘Ahl-i2Batin hierarchy was interrupted by
the destruction of the Qutbs, most other Murshids went
into hiding— even fromitheir own initiates. "Prophecies"
ofa triumphant return weremuttered, and many khanaqahs
incorporated tales of lost "once-and-future" holy men (al-
ready a common theme) into their sectarian mythos.

Scattering to the farthest reaches of the world, the masters
cloaked themselves injpolitical and.corporate conspiracies
when possible, or resorted to medical quackeryjnew age
scams and televangelism when fortune did not favor their
schemes.

The only khanagahs in which Murshids still retain
permanent residence are the chantries of the original five
"Crafts" (called Khanates): the Ikhwan at-Tawhid
(Makkah), the University of Light (Jerusalem), the Silk
Cartel (Samarkand), the Paradise Garden (Isfahan) and
the Darwushim (Baghdad).

Meetings

There have been no full meetings of the AhL-i-Batin
since the triumph of the Technocracy. In the old daysy
most Batini business was conducted via' thestelépathic
network of the Qutbs, but in the twentieth century, what
little communication does occur must rely on mundane
» clandestine modes, such as secret codes and signs subtly

couched in art, poetryssmusic and architecture.

Initiation <

The initiatory rites of Murids afe as diverse and vatied
as the khanaqahs themselves, forming too broad and insig-
nificant of a topic to be covered here. The initiation of a

» Murshid invariably involves a great deal of esoteric schol-

"arship, usually some variant of "sacred geometry." Often
the initiate is presented with an insoluble mathematical
conundrum, such as dividing googols by zero, performing
calculus based upon the alephs of infinity, or holding a
tangible manifestation of the square root of negative one
(instead of a mere imaginary representation).

In the modern era, initiation rarely occurs aboye:the
Murid level, and initiates are nearly always indoctrinated
into whatever schismatic spiritual sect predominates in
that khanaqah's region (usually one of the many offshoots
of Shi'ite Islam). Most modern initiates know nothing of
the full extent of the AhL-i-Batin, nor of their own common
heritage shared with rival regional'sects.

Other Details
Chantry.

A large part of the Doctrine of Unity concerns itself
with the iconographic "sacred topology" of a great Horizon
Realm known as Mount Qaf, which was populated: by a
pyramidal hierarchy of enlightened beings. Visitors to this
Realm found themselves in the lavish garden of Sihr
Maqamut, apalace of the Persian style perched upon a large
outcropping on the lower slopes of the mountain. From this
starting point, one may embark upon what the Batini refer
to as the path of one's Avatar, scaling the mountain in
search of the wise one most suited to their own personal
direction and stage of development. The Ahl-i-Batin
maintained that all Traditions, philosophies and Paths of
Ascension were contained in Mount Qaf, and that only,a
few slopes had thus far been explored. The world of
Sleepers is viewed as the plain' surrounding the mount,
while ascending degrees of mages form the base. The upper
reaches of the mountain are inhabited by Oracles, Celestines

and (according to Batini doctrine) Pure Ones, all converg-
ing at the summit, which is Unity (equal to Prime,
represénting the One and embodying the Correspondence
Point).

In Sleeper mythology, Qaf is known as a mountain
range which surrounds the known world, but the AhLi-
Batin consider it to be the center of the world, indeed, of
the Tellurian itself. Some insight may be gleaned from
Batini poetry which describes the summit of Mount Qaf as
the site of the Sepulchre of Adam Qadhamun (also known
as the Akashic "Pan'Gu"), whose body forms the substance
of all the realms, and who slew the beast whose carcass
forms Mount Qaf. Such "inside-out/upside-down" meta-
phors are typical of Batini Correspondence Cosmology.

When the Ahl-i-Batin were defeated by the Technoc-
racy, the Horizon Realm of Mount Qaf was lost, the
mountain itself believed destroyed. Accounts say the sum-
mit burst and great clouds of ash and smoke arose which
darkened nearly all the realms of the Umbra for days. Some
believe that the malleable otherspace now alled.the Web
is formed of the foothills of Mount Qaf, which lies beyond
mages' grasp until the day of Ascension.

Acolytes

The AhLi-Batin have always maintained extremely
close relations with the wide variety of mystical groups and
"heretical" sects which accumulate on the outskirts (and in
the heart) of nearly every major religion born in the Middle
East. Acolytes have been chosen from the Gnostics of
Zoroastrianism and early Christianity, the Qabalists of
Judaism and the Sufis of Islam, as well as any number of self-
proclaimed holy men, ascetics, fakirs and dervishes.

Spheres

Correspondence: Long before the Virtual Adepts of
the modern era, the Ahl-i-Batin had achieved the deepest
understanding of the nature of space and locality of any
known mages. Many aspects of their Doctrine of Unity
resemble modern mathematical descriptions of the Corre-
spondence Point, but any Batini would be quick to explain
that the Unity refers not only to the higher (or inner)
dimensions of spacé, but to those of the mind, soul and
spiritual spaces as well. The Ahl-i-Batin attribute all of
their magickal effects t6 their understanding of how the
One fits into the Many, or, as they like to say in the
presence of the Celestial Chorus, "knowing the mind of
God." When the Ahl-i-Batin originally came to the
Middle East, they discovered and preserved the early at-
tempts to define the Sphere of Correspondence conducted
by the:classical Greeks, incorporating such findings into
their architecture and urban planning. Indeed, most of the
oldest cities of this area are mapped out along great sigils of
Correspondence, and the bizarre and intricate warpings of
space thus created can be described by any visitor who has
tried to find an address in the Old Quarter.

Book Two: The Faces of Magick 95


Mind: Like their ideological ancestors, the Akashic
Brotherhood, the Ahl-i-Batin teach their initiates under-
standing of the Sphere of Mind, and, until this century,
maintained a network of telepathic intercommunication
across Northern Africa, the Mid-East and Central Asia.
This network was sustained by a system of Qutbs (literally
"Poles"), mental masters who by their very existence served
as the reference points for this telepathic form of primitive
cyberspace. The Technocracy's victory in the Middle East
early in this century came with their detection and destruc-
tion of many principle Qutbs. The Ahl-i-Batin claim that
the subsequent rise of the Virtual Adepts was due entirely
to Technomantic plundering of the Great Truths known to
the Qutbs.

Entropy: The Ahl-i-Batin are incapable of under-
standing or using the Sphere of Entropy. Whether this is
due to their hatred of the Euthanatos or some sort of curse
placed upon them by the Handura during the Himalayan
Wars is not known.

Foci
Please note that the Foci presented here are given only
as examples, for the Ahl-i-Batin are particularly skilled at
making a Focus out of whatever object or behavior is
appropriate to their outward lifestyle. Anyone playing a
Batini should create their own range of Foci based on the
tools or accessories most strongly associated with their
character concept. Since prayer is a common daily occur-
rence in Muslim countries, this Focus is the same for nearly
all Batini. Rotes for the Ahl-i-Batin can be found in Book
Four.
Prayer or Meditation — Mind / Spirit
(for an architect:)
Ruler, compass, triangle — Correspondence
Paper — Matter
Pen and ink — Prime
(for a healer:)
Placebo pills — Life
(for a begging dervish:)
Music — Time
Dancing — Forces

Begging bowl — Prime

Concepts

Batini initiates cover perhaps the broadest range of
character concepts of any Tradition, as the Ahl-i-Batin has
definitely rejected the Akashic Brotherhood's attitude of
isolation from the world of Sleepers, and have actively
sought to insinuate themselves into all levels of any society
in which they find themselves. Healers, teachers and
architects can be said to predominate, however, and
Murshids are as likely to be kings as beggars

The vast majority of Batini are from regions once part
of the Islamic Empire, but hidden Murshids are believed to
be all over the world.


Quote: "We are fragmented now, our
souls as spread and scattered as the
ashes of Mount Qaf. A bitter wall stands
between the Council and our present
state, and yet we might all some day
gather the ashes and hurl the invaders
from our lands. Ours is the Faith, the
Vision and the Secret. To those who
would befriend us, we are the breeze,
the oasis, the clasping hand. To those
who cross our sword, we are the assassin's
whisper and the midnight sandstorm.
By Allah's will and Khwaja al-Akbar's

wisdom, we shall prevail!"

Stereotypes

Virtual Adepts: "They have usurped our
position in the Council of Nine, but lack our
spiritual understanding and are dependent upon
their Technomantic crutches."

© Euthanatos: "Never Forgive. Never For-
get."

* Celestial Chorus, Order of Hermes and
Cult of Ecstasy: "Though we consider these great
Traditions to be our closest allies, it is well to
disappear when their old feuds flare up."

¢ Akashic Brotherhood: "We share a great
deal, but we could never afford to take their path
of spiritual retreat."

Other Traditions: "We must all focus upon
our similarities rather than our differences."

¢ Technocracy: No comment (see
Euthanatos)

© Marauders: "Driven out, they cannot
threaten us so long as the Web is preserved."

© Nephandi: "Our intimate knowledge of the
Unity renders us immune to the corruption of-
fered by the Nephandi, and the labyrinths we have
made of our lands now rival their own. Their dark
secrets are of old account with us, and the only
threat they represent is to the young and uniniti-
ated."

Orphans: "Once we prided ourselves on the
rarity of Orphans in our lands, but now circum-
stances have forced us to make Orphans of our
own Initiates, many of whom no longer recognize
their old mentors. Therefore do as the prophets
have exhorted, and treat all Orphans with gener-
osity and compassion."

Book Two: The Faces of Magick



ook Three:

he Book of

Better the illusioi
— Aleksander Pushkin

The Book of Rules offers classifications,
alternatives and revisions, including new
mechanics for Do, familiars and more. Part
One: Magick covers the myriad aspects of
magick and updates some rules from the
Mage rulebook. Part Tw
vides plenty of new stuff to use.

New Rules pro-

Some games rely solely on rules to make

them work; Mage and other Storytellergames
tely upon the stories and the players, Storytellers and
characters who collectively tell them. These rules are

meant to be fluid, not rigid. The topics covered include:

s that exalt us than ten thousand truths

¢ Simplifying and Clarifying the Magick Rules:
Suggestions and modifications for Mage magick.

¢ Adjustments: Rule revisions for foci, Talismans,
study points and direct attacks, plus new rules for
countermagick and combining Abilities and magick.

¢ Explanations: Sections detailing resonance, Quin-
tessence, Paradox, and the Umbra, plus suggestions for
personalizing magick and detailing the dangers of Sleepers
and the vampiric Embrace.

¢ The Umbra: Details about the worlds of the spirit.

Book Three: The Book of Rules

99


Listen to the MUSTN'TS, child
Listen to the DON'TS

Listen to the SHOULDN'TS
aa! The IMPOSSIBLES, the WON'TS
§) Listen to the NEVER HAVES
Then listen close to me—

Anything can happen, child,
ANYTHING can be.

— Shel Silverstein

art One:
Magic

Magick lies at the heart of Mage: The Ascension.
From the moment of the Awakening, a mage cannot shut
off the gifts of his Avatar or stop them from taking their toll
on his life. Coping with the liberation and burdens of
magick makes the Storytelling experience of Mage: The
Ascension emotionally moving and thought-provoking.
However, while magick serves as the crux for the special
problems of a mage's life, the systems should not hinder
roleplaying. Just as the Sleepers maintain the consensual
paradigm of reality, each troupe creates its own interpreta-
tion of the metaphysics of magick for their stories.

Simplifying and Clarifying
the Magick Rules

The more you tighten your grip, the more

— Princess Leia, Star Wars

The Mage system confuses some players:
and Storytellers. Because of its flexibility and
broad scope, it can be difficult to know what
limits a mage possesses. The paradox (so to
speak) of Mage's game mechanics is this:
although the rules should be loose, to avoid
interfering in the flow of the story, the rules are so loose that
the story sometimes bogs down while the Storyteller and
players try to sort everything out. A few loopholes in the
Mage rulebook muddy the waters further. This section
presents a stripped-down look at the magick system, clari-
fies some nagging questions about Quintessence, Paradox,
countermagick and foci, and presents new rules for Talis-
mans and study points, for both players and Storytellers.

These modifications are optional; not all of them will
apply to your chronicle. Remember that the story is first and
foremost. Attempting to create a rule for every possibility
would be an infinite and pointless exercise. Let evoking drama,
tempered by maintaining consistency and using judgment,
take the place of crunching numbers and consulting charts.

Drama and Balance

Mentor: Reach out with your inner being, with all the skill
and wisdom you possess. Feel the pull of reality's undertow,
guide its course, and shape it as you will. There is no rigid form

100 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

to this, no single way. Your own sense and imagination must
pave the road to magick.

Apprentice: How?

Mentor: Wing it.

Apprentice: But How?

The greatest strength of using magick in Mage is
flexibility. The Awakened transcend ordered spells, fluidly
bending the laws of reality to their whims. Magick is not an
exact science, muchas the Technocracy might like to make
it so. A mage does not have to spend her free time memo-
rizing incantations and glyphs— she has the freedom to
chose her own path to enlightenment. Indeed, the road to
Ascension twists and turns differently for each individual.
The rotes created by the Traditions serve as guidelines and
teaching aids for Chantries. They do not limit magick use
in practice to a few set spells.

With the properconjunction of Spheres, enough Quin-
tessence, anda high Arete score, acreative player character
may manipulate reality to invoke nearly any effect he
desires. Only Paradox limits his possibilities.

Magickal knowledge lives and grows as the human
consciousness expands. Even the Technocracy has not
stagnated the universe— the gates of scientific possibilities
remain open thanks to the Sons of Ether and the Virtual
Adepts. Young mages continually discover new ways to
mold the Effects of the Spheres.

There are a few dangers inherent in this loose system.
First, Mage has the potential to become a high-powered


"Monty Haul" style game or a magickal super-

herogamewithoutplayerand Storyteller mr ese cin
judgment. If your group wants to play iS ae rem ick ®
Mage that way, fine. Enjoy. However, ogres elect G es
deeper issues will become more difficult to ¥ gn eal cco
explore if magesnever have to deal with the nee in SH athe gO
consequences of their actions. are me A SE othe
Most players want something deeper: a oss Gi nid Rh oon oct!
more moving, intense emotional and intel- $0 ak hae aM we wet
lectual odyssey, the chance to create a modern ve gestt™ ee ise? ses
myth. In order to do this, a Storyteller should we ue axe and wou' 2
introduce magick slowly. Characters have to ae rte nen ects
learn how to use the gifts they've received. Just % ae sees.
because a character has the possibility of doing ES ake wer acele®
something doesn't mean he can. It's easier for ores pet nat'
Storytellers to limit power initially and gradually eons a sao hit
increase it than it is to reduce the effects of Spheres "6 ysines gy eo ee)
after player characters have started relying on their Hess 8 re SOM Net
abilities. Likewise, it is easier for players to appreciate K. Rae
magick's possibilities when they have explored them gor wD pet
from the basics onward. Remember the lesson of the pores of aS a
sorcerer'sapprentice! Uncontrolled power leads to oblivion. \\, > in (es hy ae
, ¥ Pose". gn
Magick Made Simple oeeR core
Don't Panic! So ae ne
— Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 208 Mi ontt
It's easy to get flustered when faced with free-form caine nat
game magick. At its heart, however, the Mage magick ae ee
system boils down to four simple questions: —

¢ What do you want to do, and how do you want to do it?
* Do you know enough to pull it off?
* Do you succeed?

Success Gene Pal
L Resule

le -
¢ If so, or if not, what happens? mining Sick h,
This is the system at its core. All the rest is window Success
dressing. Don't let rules-hedging get in the way ofa good 2
story.

Success and Effect

The following chart may be used either in con-
junction with or in favor of the charts in Chapter
Seven of Mage: The Ascension for determining
the effectiveness of magick. This chart is more
simplistic than the others, and may speed play. If
you're using the tables in the Mage rulebook,
apply damage, range or duration normally based 5
on the tables for the different Spheres. Unless
there's a specific chart based on the Sphere,
use the general tables on pg. 175. If those
charts are too complex for you, simply use
the General Magickal Results table. (The Ow
table is not exactly like the ones on pg.

175, but as long as the Storyteller is con-
sistent, the story will be consistent.)

. ‘a
Uration.

re: Scns Well gs
Uratio, NG]: R, the
t the 2: One | ange;

Mage do Scene)


Failure

AAAAUUUGGH!!!

— Charlie Brown

When a mage fails her roll, nothing occurs. If she
botches that roll, she incurs Paradox. Rolling for Paradox
Backlash every time a player botches, however, can slow
things down. As a general rule of thumb, troupes may
assume that Paradox will not kick in unless the mage in
question has more than five points of Paradox before she
botches, or earns more than five points in a single botch.
The metaphysical waters of reality are rippled, but are not
disturbed enough to crash suddenly back upon the mage.
Apply whatever Paradox the mage accumulates to her
usual total. After she exceeds five points of Paradox, things
start to get hairy. This provides a beginning mage an
incentive to keep her nose clean.

An exceptional amount of coincidental magick used
in a short period of time, however, could stir up a larger
Paradox Backlash than any single Effect could (see The

i, Domino Effect, below). This backlash might well affect
everyone in the area, not just the poor mage responsible.

Difficulty
The base difficulty of a magickal Effect is that Effect's
highest Sphere + 3. Not all manipulations of reality,
however, are created equal. A mage who walks into a bar,
spies an attractive Sleeper and decides to seduce him using
Mind coincidentally, and a mage who clips a piece of his
target's hair, waits until the stars are aligned and performs

102

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

a ritual using his focus shouldn't have an equal chance of

success. A player character may perform magick without
putting a lot of effort into the process, but a player who
roleplays her magick use, adding to the atmosphere of the
story, deserves a reward.

The difficulty adjustments for magick below reflect
this, but no set of rules works as well as a good Storyteller.
For game balance, we recommend that these modifiers not
reduce difficulties by more than 3. (In addition, it's point-
less to reduce a difficulty below 2.) As always, these are
guidelines, nothing more. The important thing to remem-
ber is not to let game mechanics limit characters. Good
roleplaying, the type that evokes the imagination of the
entire troupe, should be rewarded for the real magick that
itis.

The Domino Effect

Q: When is a coincidental effect not coincidental?

A: After too many other mages have used static magick.

After the first use of static magick in an area, progres-
sive use of static magick becomes more difficult. While
causing a tire on a car to deflate lies within the bounds of
possibility, causing the tires of every car that pas:

es tO ZO
flat, having a sudden rainstorm start, an earth tremor occur,
and a helicopter carrying Delta Force members make an
emergency landing in the same intersection within five
minutes causes reality to undulate. One extreme coinci-
dence is one thing; weird occurrences after the first become
much less plausible. This is the Domino Effect. Some
coincidental effects are more probable than others. Open-
ing a newspaper to a certain story, finding extra pocket
change and having a taxi pull up just as a mage needs one
may not trigger the Domino Effect.

Asa general rule, every other use of improbable coin-
cidental magick in a scene after the first increases in
difficulty by 1. This effect is cumulative, so the base target
number for the fifth static magickal effect rises by 2.
Additionally, a Paradox Backlash, when it comes, can take
some harsh all-encompassing form: a sudden rip in the


Gauntlet, a massive localized blackout, an invasion of
pissed-off Paradox Spirits, etc. As always, the Backlash
should advance the story, not clog the game while the
Storyteller rolls dice or scans charts.

If you need more particular details for Paradox Back-
lash, then use this guideline: Paradox Backlash incurred
during combat can cause one aggravated wound level per
point of backlash; backlash brought about by indiscreet
magick might summon a Paradox Spirit with a number of
levels equal to the number of points of backlash; magick
that grossly violates reality may shunt an offending mage
into another Realm if enough successes are obtained on a
Paradox Backlash roll. Let the story be your guide.

The Domino Effect is optional, and Storytellers can
invoke it to keep magick from getting out of control.

Damage

There are two distinct types of damage in Mage:
aggravated and non-aggravated (see Mage: The Ascen-
sion, Chapter 8, pg. 248). Most forms of magickal attack do
regular (non-aggravated) damage, but there are excep-
tions. Some supernatural creatures, such as werewolves and
vampires, take aggravated damage from attacks such as
silver or fire in addition to the types below.

Aggravated damage for mages occurs from:

¢ A direct vulgar blast of Prime, or damage done from
vulgar Life magicks. (Because vulgar Life magicks directly
wound a target's inner life-force, they cannot be healed
through normal means; hence, they are aggravated wounds.)

© Magicks, such as Forces, augmented with Prime
(including weapon Talismans that utilize Prime in their
damage). This does not include Forces, Life or Matter
created with Prime, only attacks utilizing Prime to "ener-
gize" damage. (For example, Spawning Minor Forces does
not incur aggravated damage, while the Talons rote in
Book Four, which uses a point of Quintessence each time
it hits, does).

¢ The natural weaponry of supernatural creatures.

Adjustments

¢ Spirit magicks that summon spirits to directly attack
a target.

Direct Entropic attacks on a physical body (see the
Bone Twisting Palm rote).

In all other cases, damage is non-aggravated. Magick
may heal the damage normally. As a special note, Mind
magicks never do aggravated damage.

One clarification about damage and casting magick
should also be made here: a character who is injured does
have his Dice Pools for Attribute + Ability rolls reduced
because of injuries (see pp. 160-161 of Mage). However,
Health Level penalties should not subtract from rolls for
casting magick (such as rolls against Arete). Using Arete is
a state of mind, not of the body; having a broken leg or
fractured rib will not prevent you from drawing upon your
understanding of the Spheres.

Perception Magick and
Awareness

Perception Magick, the first rank of any Sphere, allows
a mage's senses to increase, not just for a moment, but for
a length of time. Use the table in Mage: The Ascension
(Chapter 7, pg. 175) for suggested durations based on
successes (ignoring "Permanent"; Life magick is necessary
to affect long-term bodily changes). During the duration of
the effect, the extra-sensory abilities come as naturally to
the mage as his regular perceptions.

The Awareness Talent enables a person to feel the
magick in an area. A person with Awareness can sense the
Awakened Avatar in a nearby mage or other supernatural
being and may discern the differences of magick Sphere
ratings of other Realms. Awareness also lets a character
sense whenever magick is used in her vicinity. Depending
on the number of successes, he may just feel bothered (1
success) or suddenly realize the truth about the mage (5
successes). At a Storyteller's discretion, Awareness can
work almost like a danger sense. Animals and children
have higher Awareness ratings than most adults.

At any time in the past, people have held a
view of the way the universe works which was for
them similarly definitive, whether it was based on
4 myths or research. And at any time, that view
they held was sooner or later altered by changes
in the body of knowledge.

4 — James Burke, The Day the Universe
——

A eee =| Changed

Nothing is perfect. The following rules
have been modified from the Mage rulebook for clarity,
variety and game balance. If your troupe prefers the original
tules, by all means use them. If the rules below make your
game easier, feel free to use them instead. Again, as long as
the Storyteller is consistent, the story will be consistent.

Foci

A focus is an object which helps a mage tap her
Avatar's power. Foci make the process of magick easier,
giving a mage an anchor when her thoughts stretch beyond
reality. The relation of the mage to her focus is like the
relationship of a subject under hypnosis to the gold watch
spinning in front of her. The object helps a mage alter her
state of consciousness. Once a mage completely accepts the
metaphysic of magick, she no longer needs the focus. *

Technological foci have a different use. In this modern
age, people are willing to accept incredible events as long
as they believe there is a scientific explanation. The Tech-

Book Three: The Book of Rules 103

nocracy suffers less from Paradox, because in the case of
their magicks, seeing is believing. Sleepers do not react to
high-tech scanners or cybernetics with the same disbelief
they would harbor while witnessing a Verbena use blood
magick.

A creative cabal of Tradition mages in Los Angeles has
learned from the Technocracy's example. Although none of
the cabal's members are Technomancers, most Sleepers ig-
nore their magicks. The reason: they always travel with a
group of Acolytes, who set up video equipment and lighting
and carry signs saying "Filming in Progress." Sleepers find the
cabal's impressive special effects within the realm of reason.

le

Types of Foci

Each Tradition teaches its Apprentices different Foci
for each of the Spheres. However, within the Traditions,
there are many variations on the acceptable types of foci.
Some of these are spelled out in Mage: The Ascension (pp.
178-180, Chapter 7). Others are left to the troupe's discre-
tion.

Foci need not be physical objects: song, dance, rune-
carving and trance states may focus a mage's will as well.
Alternative foci should be discussed beforehand— why
does a certain focus work? Use this concept for flavor, not
for rules-abuse. The key to judging a variant's suitability
depends upon whether it has the same significance that
makes the standard focus special. Flavor: Personalizing
Magick (pg. 114) may inspire alternative foci for players.

Technomagick

Technomancer is the proper term for mages who
focus their magick through some technological para-
digm; that is, they believe that their science allows
them to do magick. Although the term is commonly
applied to Technocracy mages, it includes the Sons of
Ether and Virtual Adepts. While the Order of Hermes
has made a kind of science of their magick, it is a mystic
science, not a technological one.
The upside of this mystic technology is Sleeper
) belief; the man on the street will sooner accept weird
science than arcane miracles. Many technomagickal ef-

4A ects can be considered somewhat coincidental (within

reason). The downside is an over-reliance on foci; without
some kind of technology, many Technomancers cannot

i] believe in their own magick. And without some kind of
"scientific" theory to explain their actions, Technomancers
risk greater Paradox (or outright failure) than their mystic
counterparts. The Technocracy has "set" reality, but they
do not own it. Depending on the Technomancer, magick
attempted without a focus could either function as "vulgar
magick with witness" (the skeptical mage himself!) or fail
completely.

Through their contact with other magick theories,
enlightened Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts can eventu-
ally transcend the need for any type of focus, unlike
Technocracy mages. However, Tradition Technomancers
must reach a higher level of Arete (five, not two) before
dispensing with any foci.

Tradition Foci

The standard foci for the Traditions are discussed
below:

The Akashic Brotherhood

Do is the archetypal philosophy behind a number of
martial arts styles in the World of Darkness. Some Story-
tellers may require an Akashic Brother to have an ability
score in Do or Meditation equal to the Sphere level he
wishes to access. For example, to use Mind 2, a member of


9° the Akashic Brotherhood must have Meditation 2. Do
cannot be removed.

There are many rites of purification in the mystic
world. They range from bathing in holy water to dressing in
white linen or being anointed with drops of oil. The
Storytellerand player should define the type of Purification
an individual Akashic Brother must undergo. The ritual
should be of moderate difficulty and require time or a
special substance.

Yyy Each member of the Akashic Brotherhood has an

individual sash which represents his knowledge of magick.

Ww Like belts in martial art schools, the sashes change in color

¥ r and decoration as the mage increases in prestige and

accomplishment. Storytellers may wish to reward players

who describe their character's
special robes are variants.

shes. Belts, headbands or

Ws

The weapon chosen by a member of the Akashic
Brotherhood becomes an extension of herself. Most mages
of this Tradition choose a staff, a remarkably simple, but
very dangerous weapon. The many different styles and

Mig L schools of the Ak:
ies. 7 U martial arts weapons. Instead of requiring a unique weapon

Dnt, for a member of the Brotherhood, a Storyteller could

KS

ic Brotherhood all choose different

4 AY iy, : require a Melee skill equal to the rank of the Sphere to
¢ 7 access the magick when using the chosen weapon type.
g = Celestial Chorus
Fire represents the sun, the original home of the One.
Fire drives away the creatures of the night. For some
factions of the Celestial Chorus, the light holds more
meaning than the flame. Some groups use a lantern as a
focus, trusting the light from the One to guide them. Fire is

an incredibly ancient religious symbol, and the Chorus
tends many eternal flames. Using an eternal flame asa focus
reduces magick difficulties by a minimum of 2. If the flame

dies out, the mage has no focus.

Depending on their backgrounds, each member of the
Celestial Chorus has her own Holy Symbol. Different
groups use the Star of David (causing confusion with
members of the Order of Hermes), the Cross, the Ankh, the

Crescent Moon and other symbols. Each of these has some
religious significance in human history. A holy symbol is a
unique focus.

Like the Akashic Brotherhood, the Celestial Chorus
believes in cleansing. Pure water or holy water washes the
impurities of evil from a site. They use th
luck and protection from decay. The water is usually
sprinkled over the target of the magick. There are few
substitutes for pure water, although some ancient groups
used natural oils for cleansing.

MAY
NSS

focus to bring

Songs range from Gregorian chants to spontaneous
b, poetry, depending on the philosophy of the mage. A song

4 calls upon the power of the One to aid the Chorus member.
A Storyteller may require a Chorus member to have an

y Expression Ability equal to the rank of the Sphere she

SA

—

SSN

wants to use.

Book Three: The Book of Rules 105


Physical touch provides a connection between the
mage and the subject of her magick. In rare cases, factions
of the Celestial Chorus use touch as a focus for Life magick
instead of song, "laying on their hands" to perform healing
magicks. There are no substitutes for touch.

Cult of Ecstasy

Incense allows a Cult of Ecstasy member to alter her
consciousness. Smell is the most powerful of the five senses,
and the most memorable. Any breathable substance that
can help an mage disconnect with the reality around him
may work as a focus instead of incense.

Music, like incense, shifts a mage's perceptions of
reality and shapes emotions. Any type of music may have
this power, from classical to heavy metal. Most Cult of
Ecstasy members use instruments to create music, but some
have trained their voices. As in the case of the Celestial
Chorus, an Expression score equal to the rank of the Sphere
invoked may be required.

Every member of the Cult has a ring or piece of jewelry
which represents the world. All rings are unique. Variants
include necklaces, chains, bracelets and anklets. Cultmem-
bers rarely remove this type of focus, except to adorn it.

"Vices" already vary from individual to individual.
These odd foci provide a means to transcendence to the
Cultist, but may raise eyebrows among his companions.

Dreamspeakers

The Dreamspeakers believe that the energy of Gaia
collects in natural crystals. Uncut gemstones and other
minerals hold special meanings for some groups of
Dreamspeakers. Younger Dreamspeakers sometimes place
their crystals or other stones in jewelry, but most carry a
leather pouch filled with loose stones. Variants include
bones, ashes, runes or sticks.

Music is a common focus for Spirit magick; drums are
merely the most common type of instrument used. Depend-
ing on the chronicle, a mage's Expression rating may limit
her ability to invoke Spheres with this focus, as in the case
of the Celestial Chorus and Cult of Ecstasy.

Each Dreamspeaker gathers his own set of feathers to
use for his magicks. Masters of Spirit travel deep into the
realms of the Umbra, such as Pangaea (see Umbra: The
Velvet Shadow for Werewolf: The Apocalypse) to collect
feathers from powerful spirits.

Euthanatos

Bones represent the death that comes for each living
creature. The remains of the dead contain a strange dark
energy which the Euthanatos tap to help them focus their
magicks. Other types of remains will work. The corpses of
the recently dead and the ancient dead have tremendous
poweras foci, but tales abound of powerful ghosts appearing
to protect fallen bodies.

The dances of the Euthanatos come from prehistoric
funeral dances practiced by many early cultures. Some of
these dances are the same ones used by ancient shamans to


enter the Umbra to negotiate the fate of dead tribe mem-
bers with spirits. Ritualized physical exertion withasymbolic
death activates the magick. Some Euthanatos practice self-
wounding instead of performing dances. After a point, the
pain passes and the magé may use his Sphere. In some cases,
the Storyteller may call for an Expression roll or a Stamina
roll. A few Dreamspeakers claim that Euthanatos do not
pass the Velvet Curtain, but instead use Spirit to follow the
paths of the dead.

The essential purpose of dolls asa focus fora Euthanatos
is to serve as a proxy for the target. Some mages use
photographs or paintings of their victims as variant foci,
burning or cutting them to invoke the desired magickal
effect (sympathetic magick). To improve the quality of a
doll, a mage may fill it with things associated with the
target: hair, fingernail clippings, personal mementos, etc.

Rattles imitate the death choke of a final breath. Any
softnoisemaker serves the purpose of a Euthanatos. Certain
types of dark music work as well for foci. Some Euthanatos
sing a soft lullaby or piece of poetry before giving the Good
Death.

The weapon chosen by an apprentice of the Euthanatos
isnot a unique focus. Most Euthanatos have collections of
weapons for magickal and mundane purposes. Personal
preference and philosophies about killing help the mage
choose a favored weapon.

Order of Hermes

In addition to the circle focus, mages may use other
patterns, including inscribing a Seal of Solomon for their
magic
properly inscribe a circle, they may create a circle faster, but
should suffer a major penalty to their difficulty numbers
(increase by 3 or more).

If a mage cannot spend the two hours needed to

The Order of Hermes maintains that words carry
power, and language became the Order's major focus. The
secret language of the Order has elements of the entire
Indo-European family and Semitic tongues. Members of
the Order still discover magick in patterns of letters, syl-
lables and words. A mage using this focus should have a
score in Linguistics equal to the rank of the Sphere she
wishes to use.

The Seal of Solomon gave a wise king power over the
spirit world. This symbol, also known as the Star of David,
was changed to a pentagram by Christian mystics. Like
most things in the Order of Hermes, different groups argue
constantly over this focus. One side argues that the true
symbol is the Star of David. Their opposition states that the
pentagram has more traditional use and doesn't cause
mages to be confused with the Israeli government. Whole
Chantries have disavowed either symbol and use other
ancient signs of protection, including the spiral, the tri-
angle and the circle. Players may chose any favored mystic
symbol as a focus, but they should remember that their
fellow Tradition members will judge them by their choice.

Each member of the Order has a unique focus, usually
aShowstone. The Showstonesare gems, sometimes mounted
in jewelry. As an option, other members of the Order just
wear unique pieces of jewelry, such as signet rings or
amulets.

Sons of Ether

A former Technomancer Convention, the Sons of
Ether, still requires foci to use magick. After the Arete of a
Son of Ether increases sufficiently, he no longer requires a
specific focus to work magic. However, the Sons of Ether
rarely escape foci completely, so they often carry around
bags of odds and ends or wear lab coats with pockets filled
with various tools and inventions.

The Sons of Ether avoid becoming trapped in systems
of mathematics by not trusting completely in machines.
Many of the Sons carry around an abacus to perform
important calculations quickly. For a Son of Ether, the
important part of the magick is to work the math by hand.
Some modern Sons of Ether just carry mechanical pencils
and memo pads instead of a portable abacus. Other Sons say
pencil calculations are too imprecise. The paper mages
claim that mistakes lead to the greatest discoveries.

Electricity provides the power for most experiments
performed by the Sons of Ether. A few have turned to other
sources, such as solar power, wind power or (be afraid!)
nuclear energy. However, these are extremely rare. Admit-
tedly, Sons of Ether are as likely to gather electricity from
thunderstorms as wall sockets, but they all use electricity.

The Ether Goggles are the signature focus of the
members of this tradition. Unfortunately for the Sons of
Ether, there are no good variants for the goggles. Ether must
cover the face of the mage. Some Sons use entire helmets
filled with Ether, but this focus is easily one of the most
recognizable in all the Traditions.

Any type of scientific meter will work for a Son of
Ether, as long as it can measure some sort of environmental
phenomena. Geiger counters, voltmeters, pH kits— these
devices function to let the Sons of Ether collect enough
information to use magick.

Verbena

Followers of the Verbena Tradition, some of the oldest
practitioners of magick in the world, offer few options to
their disciples for different foci. The ways of the Verbena
have survived with little change from ancient times.

Blood contains the essence of life to the Verbena, and
the blood of all beings has power. A Verbena mage may get
blood from any source, although fresh warm blood has the
greatest potency. Older sources of blood cause the mage to
have difficulty using her magick (penalties of 1 to 5).
Processed blood, such as that frozen in blood banks, is
useless to the Verbena.

The Cauldron, one of the few Verbena foci that has
variants, may be replaced by any large container where
fluids may be mixed. A few Verbena try to get along by
carrying small bowls (magick difficulties increase by 3).

Book Three: The Book of Rules 107


However, even the best substitutes do not work as well as
the cauldron (+1 difficulty).

Natural herbs are cannot be replaced as foci for Ver-
bena magick. Artificial or chemical substitutes do not have
the Quintessence needed.

The wand of a Verbena must be natural wood. Differ-
ent Verbena may decorate or inscribe their wands. Some
wands could even pass as slight walking sticks.

The weapon of the Verbena is always a dagger. These
blades may be individualized with runes, but no other
weapon can substitute for them.

Virtual Adepts

The Virtual Adepts need foci to perform all their
magick, like their fellow Technomancer Tradition, the
Sons of Ether. For most Virtual Adepts, this means their
personal computer or laptop. The Adepts use a variety of
peripherals and types of machine, but in the end, nothing
replaces a computer, a network to connect it, and the
electricity to power the whole setup.

Talismans

Even in Magick,we cannot get on without the help of
others.

— Aleister Crowley, Magick in Theory and Practice

A mage who creates a Talisman leaves an enduring
legacy. Often, the possession of one of these items can
mean the difference between victory and defeat in the
Ascension War. Talismans are the weapons of the Awak-
ened. A few mistakenly believe that even the unawakened
may use a Talisman, drawing on the item's Quintessence,
but such accounts speak of artifacts, legendary objects more
powerful than the greatest Talismans.

Any Talisman has an Arete rating and a Quintessence
rating. A Talisman may hold a maximum of five times i
Arete score in Quintessence. Talismans may poss
number of magickal powers, similar to rotes, up to its Arete
score. A mage rolls her Arete against the Talisman's Arete
to activate the item's vulgar magicks or to tap its Quintes-
sence supply. A mage may burn up to the Talisman's level
in Quintessence from the item in a single turn. Some
Talismans require extra actions or the use of command
words to activate. Other Talismans require an Attribute +
Ability roll to use successfully. Each success on the activa-
tion roll increases the length of time that the Talisman
remains active (see chart below). Talismans have a Sphere

a


rank equal to their own level. The wielder suffers the side-
effects of all Paradox the Talisman generates.

A mage who uses a Talisman as a focus for magick may
draw on its Quintessence or replace his own Arete score or
Sphere level with the rating of the item as long as the
Talisman stays active.

Ifa Talisman loses all of its Quintessence, it becomes
inert. An inert Talisman may not be activated. Unless the
Talisman is destroyed, a new flow of Quintessence will
restore its power. Even a single stored point of Quintes-
sence keeps a Talisman from becoming inert.

Creating Talismans

Mages usually go to Horizon Realms to make Talis-
mans so that they can avoid confronting Paradox. Talisman
creation requires an extended use of Prime 4 and other
magicks. Any Paradox generated during the process de-
stroys the attempt to enchant the item, and any
Quintessence spent by the mage is lost permanently.

First, the mage must create or locate an item suitable
for enchantment. This can be nearly anything, except for
an artifact or another Talisman. Once an item is empow-
ered, little can change its nature. The mage then takes the
Talisman-to-be to her Chantry's Horizon Realm.

She starts the process by using Prime 4 to infuse the
Talisman with a bit of herself. This is a vulgar magick
(without witness) roll. She may reduce her difficulty num-
ber by 1 for each special circumstance she requires for
activation, such as a gesture, command word or Attribute
+ Ability roll. She spends a permanent point of Willpower
invoking this effect. Then, for every point of Arete she
wishes the Talisman to contain, she must channel 10
Quintessence into the item using her Prime. The Arete
possessed by the Talisman cannot exceed the mage's Arete.

The mage must then use her Spheres to create the
magickal Effects that she wants the Talisman to perform.
For every dot of a Sphere needed for the magickal Effect,
she spends a point of Quintessence and rolls her Arete
verses a difficulty of 8. If she succeeds, the Talisman gains
the power. If she fails, she loses the Quintessence, but may
try again. A botch means she loses her concentration on
the enchantment, and nothing but Quintessence may be
transferred to the Talisman. A Talisman may hold a num-
ber of magickal Effects equal to its Arete score. The mage
then channels more Quintessence into the Talisman, up to
five times its Arete score.

The creation process requires massive amounts of
Quintessence, but the mage may take as much time as she
needs, as long as the process isn't interrupted. Sleeping
during Talisman creation is impossible, but the mage may
renew herself during the effort by making Stamina +
Meditation rolls. Anything that interrupts the enchant-
ment process ruins the Talisman creation, leaving it
complete only up to a point. Any Paradox gained during
the creation destroys the Talisman completely.

—/


Fetishes

Spirit Adepts may bind spirits into fetishes. These
primal magick treasures resemble Talismans, but derive
their power from spirits rather than channeled Quintes-
sence. Most fetishes have one power; few have more than
three, and these involve potent spirit-bindings. A fetish is
not an inanimate object— its magick flows from a spirit.
Fetishes, therefore, are picky, and may cause more prob-
lems than they're worth...

Fetish creation works like Talisman creation, with the
following differences:

© The mage need not travel to a Horizon Realm to
create one.

° Spirit 4 is used instead of Prime 4.

¢ Fetishes have one Effect for every two points of
Arete.

© The mage need not transfer Quintessence into the
fetish, although doing so may maintain a good relationship
with the spirit.

© Botching does not result in Paradox; it results in a
pissed-off spirit.

If you are using a fetish from the Werewolf rules,
substitute Arete for Gnosis.

Talismans: New Background
Rules

With these expanded Talisman rules, Storytellers
should change the Talisman Background in Mage: The
Ascension. A single Background point no longer buys one
level of a Talisman. Background points must now be spent
for the Arete, Quintessence and Effects possessed by a
Talisman, as per the chart below. Continue to indicate the
level of the Talisman by filling in the dots on the character
sheet, but the player must record the other information as
well. As an option, a player may give the Storyteller a
number of background points to create a Talisman for her.
This adds an element of mystery to the strange item that
falls into the hands of the beginning mage.

The mundane uses of a Talisman and any special
activation requirements are left to the discretion of the
player and Storyteller. A gun may seem more useful than a
ring for a Talisman, but mundane authorities may confis-
cate the gun. Also, activation requirements may prevent
others from stealing and using a Talisman, but they also
make it more difficult for the owner to tap into the item's
powers.

Direct Magick and
Hitting Your Target

I don't care if he does look like Rambo in power-armor—
he can't hurt what he can't hit!

— Job Lightfoot, Cult of Ecstasy

Opponents don't always stand still; the targets of direct
magickal attacks should, therefore, have some chance to
dodge incoming attacks. Direct attacks— lightning bolts,
explosions, transformation spells, magick bullets, blasts of
holy light— are often vulgar and usually visible. If an
opponent can see or sense an incoming magickal Effect, she
can elect to dodge that Effect as if it were some normal
missile weapon, falling building, etc.

Mind attacks may be likewise "dodged" with a Will-
power roll in place of the usual dodge if the subject is aware
of the attack. The difficulty to resist is 6 (yes, this is a
change from the rulebook); each success removes one of
the mage's successes.

Physical dodges roll against difficulty of 6 and subtract
successes as usual. The magick, therefore, can still have an
effect, but it may be much less than what the caster
intended. Some Effects may be dodged completely with a
good roll, i.e. a falling boulder, an attacking spirit, etc.
Willpower cannot be used to actively "disbelieve" physical
attacks.

Any attack that does physical damage can be soaked.
Attacks that do direct mental damage cannot be soaked.

This set of rules makes aggressive magick more chal-
lenging for the caster and less lethal for the recipient.
Mages fighting a HIT Mark with a Force cannon now have
options other than countermagick. Likewise, a mage at-
tempting to turn a vampire into a lawn chair would be
better off trying some other tactic...

Countermagick

There are many ways to combat another mage's mys-
tical abilities besides basic countermagick (Mage, pg.
177-178). A mage does not need to know the Sphere her
attacker is using in order to attempt countermagick. Pru-
dent use of almost any Sphere may disrupt a magickal
attack. Difficulties for countermagick are based on the
highest attacking Sphere + 3. Countermagicks, remember,
disrupt incoming magicks; they do not damage their tar-
gets.


The suggestions below offer some creative possibilities
for countermagick:

Correspondence

By altering another person's perceptions of space, a
mage can prevent her opponent from using her magick
accurately. Any of the Awakened with Rank 3 in Corre-
spondence may stack scenes in the mind of an opponent,
causing him to lose his ability to perceive his enemies.

Entropy

A mage with the ability to alter probabilities has many
ways to affect a rival. Using Entropy 2, a mage may increase
the difficulty of any coincidental magicks tried by his
opponent, raising them by 1 for every success rolled. Di-
rectly attacking an enemy with Entropy, especially rank 4
or 5, may completely disrupt magicks, but a Storyteller
must judge this on a case by case basis.

Forces

Forces are not subtle. To stop other mages, blast them
before they blast you.

Life

Mages are only human. Like all other living things, a
Master of Life can mold and shape them, causing nerves to
misfire and blood clots to block arteries. Rank 3 in the Life
Sphere should prove sufficient to distract most targets.

Matter

As with Forces Effects, attack first.

Mind

The secret to stopping magicks is to keep another mage
from concentrating. With Mind 3, a mage can effectively
cloud another's perceptions long enough to ruin magick
use. A strong subconscious suggestion from Mind 2 may
also work, depending on the circumstances.

Prime

The Sphere of Prime has a special use in battles
between mages. See Anti-Magick, listed below.

Spirit

Ifa mage can cause her opponent to perceive events in
the Umbra and the physical world, she may disrupt their
magick use. Three dots are needed in Spirit magick, with at
least that many successes on the magick role. Some power-
ful Umbrood, such as Incarna, have the ability to counter
some magicks in their Realms.

Time

As with Mind and Correspondence, causing a mage's
perceptions of the timestream to alter can disrupt magick.
Rank 3 of Time may stop most Effects.

Anti-Magick
A mage with Prime 2 or greater may use his stored
Quintessence to defeat another mage's magicks. This is a
special defensive magick that requires an entire action. It
never generates Paradox, since the mage tries to stop the
disruption of reality. The defending mage rolls a number of
dice equal to her Prime rating against a difficulty of her

opponent's dice pool +3 (maximum of 10). Quintessence
may not lower the difficulty number of this special Prime
magick. Each success allows the defending mage to spend a
point of Quintessence to raise her opponent's target num-
ber by 1 (again, to a maximum of 10).

The defending mage does not have to spend as much
Quintessence as she has successes. The attacking mage gets
a chance to spend Quintessence and Willpower immedi-
ately afterwards. This Prime magick may counter a spell
that is not directed at the defending mage.

Magick does not exist in a vacuum: magick is an
extension of the mage. Therefore, it is only fair that certain
Abilities of that mage should affect the magick that he or
she works. The following rules are suggestions to add flavor
to a Mage chronicle, not new ways to mini-max magick
difficulties. The Storyteller will have the final say as to how
(or if) a given Ability affects a character's magick, or if the
tules are used at all.

We recommend that Abilities come into play when
appropriate, that their effect be limited to +/- 3 on difficulty
modifiers, and that the player give some reasonable and
creative explanation for using the Ability. These optional
tules should provide opportunities to spice up a story, not
provoke 40-minute arguments.

Abilities Enhancing Magick
In some circumstances, mundane Abilities can im-
prove a mage's chances of successful magick use. If a mage
hasa Talent, Skill or Knowledge that applies to the specific
use of magick, he may use that Ability the turn before he

Book Three: The Book of Rules 111

Pent are ne


uses his magick. The difficulty should be the same for both
Ability and magick, notwithstanding any Quintessence
spent for the magick. Each success that he makes on an
appropriate Ability roll can reduce the magick difficulty by
1, up toa maximum modifier of -3. (Note: this should not
be cumulative with other modifiers to the casting difficulty
except for the expenditure of Quintessence.)

The Storyteller may rule that certain Abilities are
essential to using an Effect; channeling Forces through a
blast-cannon might require Firearms, while fixing a gen-
erator with Matter could require Technology Skill. Other
beneficial effects, like an extra success on the magick for
every two on the Ability roll, are also an option, depend-
ing on the situation and the whims of the Storyteller.

Magick Enhancing Abilities

A mage may use magick to improve her chances of
success with her Abilities. As with the rule above, ;
every success using magick drops the difficulty num-_ |
ber for the Ability roll by 1, toa maximum modifier /
of -3. Entropy has numerous applications for en- [|
hancing Abilities. fe

Note that the magick must be cast in the turn |
before the Attribute + Ability roll is made. Casting |

sui n,
oMeller alone f, dem
ce he Calls f
Bives. Gre a high

the magick and rolling an Attribute + Ability | das ack ine
ce,

must be done as two separate actions. The mage [.
must concentrate and cast the Effect as his first
action before channeling his magick into his second ac-
tion. Splitting Dice Pools (which requires "fasting-casting")
is possible, but is highly ineffective. Also note that one way
to get in extra actions during a turn is by using the
Accelerate Time Effect.

Explanations

The following sections may shed some
light on aspects of Mage that seem unclear.
Some offer new possibilities, while others
expand or illuminate old ideas. For further
explorations of some concepts of the mage's
existence, see Book Five: The Fragile Path.

Resonance

Verily all things move within your being in
constant half embrace, the desired and the dreaded, the repug-
nant and the cherished, the pursued and that which you would
escape. These things move within you as lights and shadows in
pairs that cling.

— Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

According to some mystic scholars, just as a mage
shapes her magicks, the flow of Quintessence influences
her. Mages first documented these effects in Horizon Realms,
but a few scholars of the Order of Hermes claim that

resonance is universal. They say that every magickal effect
leaves a stain on reality.

All Apprentices learn that Masters of the Spheres
receive certain benefits from their knowledge. A Master of
Life, for instance, never gets sick and retains his youthful
vitality long past his prime. These side benefits result from
the resonance left by years of mastering a Sphere.

Furthermore, some mages claim that even psychic
emanations left at Nodes are part of Resonance. When
Sleepers experience intense emotion or trauma, they trans-
mit their feelings to the area around them. The Euthanatos
believe that vampires can see this emotional residue and
that wraiths feed on it.

Inthe latest issue of Paradigma, the noted Son of Ether,
Dr. Solaris, claimed to have distilled a dark resonance out
of Tass collected from the Civil War battlefield of Antietam.
This influence "lends itself to violent magickal effects,"
according to the article. Unfortunately, no further infor-
mationon Dr. Solaris' experiments are forthcoming, because


shortly after publication, unknown spirits of the dead
attacked Dr. Solaris. His acolytes claim they dragged the
doctor into an unknown part of the Umbra. Most mages say
Dr. Solaris' experiment was a massive hoax.

The greatest supporters of the resonance theory, mem-
bers of the Order of Hermes and Verbena, say that all mages
have definitive proof that resonance exists. Quiet, they
claim, is the residue of Paradox.

Quintessence

Few things are more important to mages than Quintes-
sence, Chantries, cabals, even Traditions have fought wars
over Nodes, the primary reservoirs of Prime. Inexperienced
Apprentices often don't understand the importance of
Quintessence because they don't know how to use this
power effectively.

Even the most unenlightened learn that possession of
Tass makes magick easier. A mage who focuses her supply
of energy can warp static reality to her will. However,
among the Orphans, many Apprentices regard Tass as a
luxury, hardly a necessity. They say if mage has the power,
he doesn't need Quintessence.

The true value of primal energy lies not in creating
magickal effects, but in sustaining them. Horizon Realms
depend on Quintessence to maintain their reality. Creat-
ing Talismans requires large quantities of magickal energy.
Anything with a supply of Quintessence flowing through it
is metaphysically stronger than something without that
energy. Quintessence Awakens objects and people.

Mages may also spend Quintessence to reduce the
difficulty of their countermagick rolls. The mage burns
energy to strengthen reality against her opponent.

Osing Prime to Gain
Quintessence

A mage with Prime 1 may magickally draw Quintes-
sence directly from Nodes. This is a coincidental use of
magick. For each success she obtains, she gains a point of
Quintessence. This is cannot exceed the number of dots
she has in Avatar. Excess Quintessence bleeds off into the
surrounding area.

With Prime 3, mages may draw Quintessence from
Tass. This process works the same way as drawing Quintes-
sence from Nodes. However, unlike a Node, Tass does not
replenish itself.

When a mage masters Prime 5, he may tap raw Quin-
tessence from anywhere. However, unlike drawing magick
from Nodes or Tass, this is a vulgar Effect. Otherwise, the
process works in the same manner: each success equals a
point of Quintessence. Since the world is filled with raw
Quintessence, this magick has few detrimental effects.
Sometimes the air will grow cold, lights will flicker, and
mirrors may crack, but that is about all. A Sleeper is a poor
source of Quintessence, and typically has one to three

points of Quintessence in his pattern. Werewolves and
vampires are richer sources of Quintessence, but woe to the
mage who actually tries to tap it! This kind of life-force
theft would be considered the worst kind of insult. The

offending mage might have to deal with his "wellspring's
friends as well as the vampire or werewolf itself.

Paradox

Paradox is a puzzle. The key to Ascension is to unlock this
puzzle.

— Marcus Triliox, Order of Hermes

Paradox is an immune system; its spirits protect Gaia from
the disease of reckless magick.

— Heasha Morninglade, Verbena

Paradox is Jimminy Cricket with a chainsaw

— Zerox, Orphan.

Paradox is the curse of the Technocratic plunder of this
world. When we're rid of them, we'll be rid of Paradox!

— Dr. Volcano, Virtual Adept

Paradox is nothing more than our lack of faith in ourselves.

— Oh Soon Hai, Euthanatos

What is Paradox? No one is quite sure, exactly. There
are many theories, but no real answers. Perhaps in a world
where belief shapes reality, there can never be one real
answer. Teachers of magick recount parables, stories and
myths about Paradox for their pupils. These tales tell of
strange spirits linked to the Spheres who come to enforce
reality on magick-abusers. Sometimes the spirits even kid-
nap mages and carry them off to a strange reality until
they've made up for their crimes. A mage, it is said, never
escapes the consequences of her actions.

Tradition members rarely talk about their own per-
sonal Paradox, except to close members of their own cabal.
Some believe Paradox is the price of failure; having others
discuss your private struggles with Paradox is humiliating,
even mortifying. Magesat ancient Chantries, like Doissetep,
use their knowledge of other mages' Paradox flaws and
spirits to blackmail their enemies. In recent years, rumors
of an underground movement dedicated to removing the
stigma of accumulated Paradox have started, but unless
mage society changes radically, such amovement is doomed
to fail. Of course, this socially-imposed silence only in-
creases the difficulty of a mage's personal struggle to stay on
the path of Ascension.

Few of the Awakened honestly understand Paradox,
its forms and how to combat it successfully. Young Appren-
tices ask their mentors annoying questions about Paradox.
Why does Paradox only affect mages, and not other super-
natural creatures, such as vampires and werewolves? Aren't
Masters powerful enough to destroy Paradox spirits? How
can Paradox spirits always find a mage? Did mages have to
struggle with Paradox in the Mythic Age? Why doesn't
Paradox destroy all the Marauders instead of ignoring
them? Most teachers ignore these questions or give their

Book Three: The Book of Rules


students cryptic answers, such as, "You'll find out soon
enough, young mage." Sometimes the teachers themselves
do not know.

Theories

There are as many theories about Paradox as there are
mages who have studied it. Some feel that Paradox stems
from the Avatar's quest toward unity. The Avatar, then,
summons Paradox to crush mages who dare too much or
stray too far. This explains why werewolves, vampires,
psychics and hedge-magicians do not suffer from Paradox.
This does, however, leave other questions unanswered.
Others speculate that Paradox manifests out of Sleepers'
fear of the unknown, fueled by their sleeping Avatars; that
vulgar magick, an insult to creation, is punished by God or
the great Earth-Spirit; that Dynamic change is harnessed
by natural law from going too far, lest reality be unraveled;
that powerful Technocracy mages "programmed" reality to
except certain things but reject others; that the world is
winding down and the power of imagination itself has
turned back against the visionaries; or that natural and
physical law cannot abide a vacuum and will fill it by force
if necessary. All of these ideas have validity. Not one of
them, however, answers all possible questions.

According to ancient accounts, there has always been
some degree of Paradox. Its effects were more localized in
the past, and the degree to which reality could be stretched
was far broader. The original Technomancers were appar-
ently on the receiving end of Paradox until the rise of the
Age of Reason. Early Sleepers would sooner believe in
demonic gliding-winds or mental levitation than in flying
machines. With the spreading of the Technocratic vision,
mass communication and extensive mapping and explora-
tion, one set paradigm was more or less established. Thus,
the borders of Paradox were reestablished. Paradox occurs
when reality is altered beyond those borders.

How and Why

The constraints of Paradox do seem to vary; the para-
digm of real and unreal shifts a bit from place to place and
group to group. Clever mages can take advantage of Sleep-
ers' flexibility of belief (see the Blatancy Ability in Book
One). Static reality would be more firmly set at a banker's
convention than in an aborigine village. Nevertheless,
consensual reality has only so much give to it. Herein lies
the paradox of Paradox: reality has no bounds because it is
constrained only by the belief of sentient beings, but
because those beliefs set limits, consensual reality is not
boundless. Changing the limitations of those beliefs, and
thus the limits of reality, is the mage's task. Ascension
transcends those limits, and the War is waged around them.

Some sages use the metaphor of a large air-bubble to
describe Paradox, magick and reality. Reality, they say, is
like water; magick displaces this water—slightly and gradu-
ally in the case of small coincidences, quickly and radically

114 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

in the case of vulgar magicks or ridiculous coincidence (see
The Domino Effect). Given time, this metaphysical "wa-
ter" seeps back into place, redistributing the weight of
consensual belief. If the bubble pops, however, the water
tushes in.... Paradox flaws, they say, are lasting ripples of
this effect that center around the one who "broke the
bubble." Paradox Spirits and their Realms are said to be
creations of the subconscious mind made manifest.

Belief is critical to magick. A momentary faltering of
beliefcan spell disaster. "Seeing the wires," "looking down,"
and "losing your faith" are some terms that describe the
split-second doubt (a "botch") that brings reality crashing
back in on you. This effect can cause Paradox even when
there are no Sleepers around if the reality-displacement is
profound enough. Horizon Realms have little problem with
Paradox, but vulgar enough magick can disrupt even those
ecosystems. Perhaps, then, any form of reality can stand
only so much tampering before it lashes back in whatever
fashion it can.

Paradox is an enigma. Perhaps with universal Ascen-
sion, this limitation of reality will cease to be.

voy
Flavor: Personalizing
y
Magick

Boil, boil, toil and trouble

Fire burn and cauldron bubble!

— William Shakespeare, Macbeth

Mages do not all share the same view of reality. The
tules have been set down, and the various Spheres have
been labeled and explained, but this is just as artificial as
anything created by the Technocracy. The magic system of
Mage is merely aconstruction of subjective reality (and, for
the Traditions, political necessity) designed to facilitate
easy game mechanics and smooth storytelling, not to be-
come a body of dogma in its own right. Mages of each
Tradition, and of each Tradition's sub-groups, conceive of
reality differently. Even the more unified Traditions have
their own heresies and internal disagreements.

It is very useful in game terms to speak of "Pattern
magicks" and "perceiving an entity's life pattern," but each
Tradition will have its own way of conceiving of these
things and its own particular buzzwords associated with
them. A groups of mages skilled in the Sphere of Life
(which is a subjective term anyway) can all perceive an
entity's pattern, but each will define it differently. A mage
of the Order of Hermes would speak of having discovered
acreature's "True Name," and would use this verbal repre-
sentation of the pattern in incantations. He might also use
numerology to derive the creature's "number" or graph the
True Name as a magical sigil. One of the Sons of Ether, on
the other hand, would proudly hold up her latest gizmo and
announce that she has "read the DNA sequence" of a
subject, while a member of the Akashic Brotherhood will
have "perceived the physical nature of his Do." All of these


terms mean roughly the same thing, but there are still
shades of meaning between them.

Short of compiling a separate book for every magick
style known to man, there is no way Mage could duplicate
the bewildering variety of real-world practices and beliefs.
All the same, portraying every magickal Effect as just
another die roll robs the game of magick's rich flavor.
Players should develop a definitive style for their characters
with the help of the Storyteller.

Magick flows differently from each Avatar, and each
mage has a distinctive style of magick. Sometimes this style
issubtle—a few tendencies only noticed by mentors. Other
mages use magick to make an individual statement, slap-
ping a calling card down even with coincidental effects.
These styles can range from a breeze incidentally blowing
after an Effect to a mage twitching her nose every time she
manipulates reality.

A well-developed style may also lower difficulty num-
bers. Pethaps a Cultist of Ecstasy's style involves loud

. The Storyteller decides that music follows the
acter everywhere. If this mage wanted to deafen a
Technomancer in a nightclub, coincidentally changing
volume control on a speaker next to her enemy, the
Storyteller may give her a bonus. By the same token, she
might incur a penalty trying to silence an area.

Each Tradition views magick differently. If a member
of the Celestial Chorus calls upon Forces, the magick may
appear as a beam of intense holy light called from the
heavens, while a Son of Ether might have electricity fly
from her scientific meter. These descriptions are more than
atmosphere — they provide the reality of the game. Each
character should have a unique flavor of effects to season
her magick. A Dreamspeaker might have difficulty deter-
mining the frequency of radio transmissions, but a Virtual

*Adept would be hard-pressed to call upon the spirit of the
land to answer his questions. Special effects may limit a
mage's magickal abilities, but they enhance them as well.

Players should think carefully about their characters'
personal beliefs and styles as well. If a Verbena wishes to
cast a spell, the player should devise some ritual keeping
with the beliefs of not only the Verbena Tradition, but of
the individual practitioner as well. An English village
witch and a Mexican bruja both make complex uses of
herbs, and might both belong to the Verbena Tradition.
However, the herbs they use differ, and their methodolo-
gies as well; the modern English village witch might have
astatue of the Goddess of Willendorfon her altar, while the
bruja or curandera would be lighting candles before a repre-
sentations of the Virgin of Guadalupe. A Norse skald might
carve runes beneath his World Tree. Pagan Goddess wor-
shipers wouldn't buy into the standard definitions of "good"
and "evil," but a curandera whose folk magic involved Our
Lady would be very careful to observe the Catholic virtues.
One Tradition, different practices.


Players and Storytellers should consider a mage's
Chantry and cabal as well as and the cabal's purposes when
considering a character's style. If that character spends
most of her life at a Horizon Realm resonating with death
energies, she will have more difficulty healing a comrade
than a mage belonging to a Chantry focusing on renewal
and regeneration. By the same token, a cabal focused on
attaining knowledge might have an easier time penetrating
the networks of the Digital Web than a cabal dedicated to
violent conflict.

Storytellers should emphasize different styles, and play-
ers should help, even to the extent of imposing limits on
their character's magicks based on their philosophies. All
the same, remember that enlightenment and willpower
outweigh material concerns. In Mage, anything is possible
with some hard work, knowledge and a touch of creativity.

Different Spheres, Same

Result

The Spheres of Magick overlap in Mage. Player char-
acters can accomplish the same effects using different
Spheres. There is nothing wrong with this overlap. Mage
rewards creative use of magick.

If Job wanted to make a Sleeper walking across a carpet
inastore trip, he could do it using a number of Spheres. Job
could use Matter to create a previously unnoticed seam
where his victim was about to step. He could use Life to
cause the woman to have a sudden muscle spasm in her leg.
He could use Mind to distract her, so she would be more
likely to stumble, or Forces to cause the sunlight to reflect
into her eyes in mid-step. There are even more alternatives
just using the Spheres mentioned so far.

One of the most important secrets to effectively mas-
tering magick is to determine exactly what result you desire
and then considering how to use magick to achieve that
result. If you don't have the Spheres or can't think of a way
to manipulate them to achieve your goal, then you have to
redefine your method. Sometimes the actual result you
desire may not be what you first decide. In the above
example, Job's goal is to trip the woman. However, he may
be doing this simply to get an opportunity to introduce
himself. If this is the case, Job might be better off just
starting a conversation with her by asking a question. If he
wants to steal her credit card, and hopes tosrip her and filch
it while picking up her items, he might just use Mind to
make her absent-mindedly leave it somewhere. And if he
wants to move her out of his field of vision, a handy mirror
used to spot shoplifters might let him see around her.

Apprentices often use magick when it isn't needed. An
experienced mage uses magick subtly to augment his other
abilities, never to replace them. Discretion keeps Paradox
and the Technocracy away.

The Fatal Embrace

"Think of it, wizard," says the vampire, eyes gleaming in
the fireplace glow, "eternity to chase your ‘Ascension' . Eternity
to rise above the others, perfect your craft and gather power of
the shadows for your own." He holds out a wrist already dripping
with vitae, and bares his fangs. The Euthanatos' face sparkles
with sweat. He licks his lips, weighing the greatest decision of his
life.

"L accept," he says finally. His shirt falls to the floor. The
vampire's skin is ice against his own, and the bite is a brand,
drawing poisoned mortality from his veins.

Sudden starvation wracks him, ripping upward from gut to
throat, replacing lost blood with gasping, drowning need. He
reaches through darkness for the vampire's wrist, grasps it, and
sucks the immortal fire.

Sweet brimstone/The walls shatter/Reality screams...

"Fool" , the vampire mocks, licking his lips. At his feet, the
young mage feels his Avatar shred. Bitterly, he howls...

Werewolves and vampires cannot become mages.

Mages cannot survive the Kindred's Embrace and
retain their ability to use True Magick. While some mages
have experimented with vampire blood, and some rare
Garou Kinfolk work True Magick, the paths of the Awak-
ened often lead in different directions.

Some wizards speculate that a vampire's Embrace
destroys the essence of the Avatar that gives a mage his
power. Others believe that the Avatars of vampires are set
upon a certain predetermined Path that does not include
magick. Still others maintain that vampires, being damned,
are shut out forever from the light of the One. Whatever
the reason, it is generally agreed that vampirism and magick
don't mix. Vampiric thaumaturgy, say the mages, is only a
pale shadow of True Magick and does not work outside the
static bounds of conventional reality.

Awakening does not prevent the dreaded "Blood Bond"
of the undead, as many mages have discovered. Powerful
mages sometimes hunt down vampires for their blood, but
this is chancy at best. More than one mage is said to have
fallen into eternal Quiet after drinking from one too many
Kindred, and vampires make very bad long-term enemies.

The Dreamspeakers claim that werewolves share a
common Avatar, the soul of Gaia Herself. Sons of Ether
dabbling with Matter state that there are properties of the
changing blood that preclude magick outside the spirit-
gifts of the Garou. This may be why some Kinfolk can grasp
the Spheres, while werewolves cannot.

It bears noting that mages, werewolves and vampires
don't collect trading cards of the other Awakened. While
most Awakened beings are aware of each other's existence,
they usually have their facts all wrong. It's a rare mage who
holds real insight into the politics of the Camarilla or the
workings of the Thirteen Tribes. Likewise, most supernatu-
ral beings see mages as modern-day Gandalfs and wouldn't
knowan Akashic Brother froma Technomancer. There are


exceptions, but most supernatural entities know nothing
about the Ascension War. Most of them couldn't care less.

The Rule of Shade

And if there rise among you a prophet, or a dreamer of
dreams, and giveth thee a sign of wonder,

And the sign or the wonder came to pass, whereof he spake
unto thee, saying, "Let us go after other gods, which thou hast
not known, and let us serve them; "

Thou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet, or
that dreamer of dreams...

And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put
to death...

So shalt you put the evil away from the midst of thee.

— Deuteronomy 13: 1-5

Mortals, when confronted with things they cannot
comprehend, tend to either worship those things or destroy
them. Some do both. "Witch-hunters" are well-named;
while the Inquisition (Mage, pg. 277) carries the most
visible torch in the witch-hunting mob, all cultures have
Sleepers who would defend their blindness or belief with
deadly force. A hunter with True Faith (see Book One) is
a dangerous foe. The Sons of Ether and Verbena are
particularly aware of this threat.

The Ombra

Aninformal Tradition Protocol— the Rule of Shade—
puts further constraints on careless magick; flashy mages
may find themselves betrayed to the hunters or Technoc-
racy by would-be allies if they put mage society as a whole
in danger. Though the Rule of Shade is not a hard-and-fast
law, mages expose their true natures at their own peril. All
too many Sleepers would be willing either to throw them-
selves at an unwitting savior's feet, or throw self-same
savior into the nearest bonfire if he proved to be anything
less than the answer to their prayers.

"What 1s this place?" Jennifer asked as the
cabal passed through the Barrier. The silver
barrier had parted to reveal a misty half-mirror of
the room they had just left. "Look," she contin-
ued, pointing to where the computer had been. In
the Umbra, the pattern of the device could be
seen clearly. It shimmered in the Umbral twi-
light; tiny phosphors of Quintessence danced
throughout its frame. Jennifer grinned trium-
phantly. "I KNEW that was no ordinary deck!"

"No," the owner replied, unfolding from the shadows. "It
isn't..."

The Umbra isa catch-all term for the spirit worlds that
lie just beyond the consensual reality of Earth's "real
world." Its apparent structure is so fluid and so dependent
on individual perception that all attempts to "map" it fail.
Most highly enlightened mages claim that by mapping
something out, you fix it in place (a practice the Void
Engineers use to limit the spread of "random elements").
The Umbra, they say, refuses to be set.

The Three Ombral
Worlds

Most agree that the Umbra has a three layers: the
"high" Umbra, a realm of ideas made manifest, the "middle

"Umbra, the spiritual reflection of nature, and the "lower"
Umbra, the land of decay and the dead. These locations are
more like labels of understanding than "physical" loca-
tions; the Umbra is nebulous, and travel within it is guided
by intent rather than by direction.

Certain aspects of the Umbra remain constant:

The Periphery, where the pulse of the spirit world
can be felt faintly in material reality. Even Sleepers can
pass into this state, which is the natural home of the
Awakened. This is less a state of "place" than of "being";
many mages become so attuned to the Periphery that they
cease to feel the wonder of it.

© The Gauntlet, or Barrier, which blocks the world of
the spirit from the world of physical form.

¢ The Penumbra, a shadowy reflection of the world as
we know it.

¢ The Three Worlds, where concepts of abstract
thought, the soul of nature and the shadow of death shape
the Realms an Umbral traveler encounters.

© The Near Umbra extends from the Penumbra into
the Realms of the three layers. These layers, connected by
the Penumbra, contain Realms of various sorts— Domains,
Spirit Realms, Dead Zones and other locations.

¢ The Realms themselves are locations where Umbral
reality has taken on some set form, either as a reaction to
some powerful phenomena on Earth, magickal patterning,

Book Three: The Book of Rules 117


or the will of some Umbrood entity. The nature of these
Realms varies between the Three Worlds.

© The Horizon, or the Membrane, divides the Deep
Umbra from the Near Umbra. Horizon Realms, as places of
spirit patterned by human will, reside in the Horizon.

¢ The Deep Umbra extends into infinity beyond the
Horizon. The Shard Realms and Paradox Realms spin
endlessly in this cosmic void. The Nephandi and Maraud-
ers (and, many believe, worse things...) dwell in the outer
space of the spirit world.

* The Zones are places which permeate the Three
Worlds and transcend the boundaries between them. These
include the Net, also known as the Digital Web, the Mirror
Zone, the Dream Realms, and possibly others. These places
drift between the Realms but do not truly belong to them.

The Near Ombra

Everything is more vivid in this spiritual reflection of
Earth. Although it takes on an alien cast, forms appear
more like their "true selves" here. High-tech research labs
appear in the Umbra asa series of crystalline caves covered
in webs of wire, crackling with electricity. A toxic waste
dump grows darker, with spirits of mutated insects flying
about it. An untouched spring glade seems more beautiful
and serene than in the physical world. In places where the
Gauntlet is thin, the Umbra and the physical world bear a
strong resemblance. A few mages claim that on the right
nights when the moon shines down on the caerns of the
werewolves, the Umbra and the physical world become
one.

Each traveller experiences the Umbra differently, col-
oring it with his own perceptions. The Umbra gives form to
aplace's meaning. A sterile antiseptic uncomfortable hos-
pital might have walls and floors of metal in the Umbra. It
might have no spiritual manifestation, no meaning to the
world's collective unconscious. Only Awakened items,
objects containing Quintessence, have form in the Umbra.
This includes any area touched by magick or possessing a
strong emotional significance to a Sleeper. This Prime
energy sparkles in its patterns, and many mages see them
differently. Mages may see them as glowing webs, shimmer-
ing graphs, dancing spirits or any number of things.

Items in the Umbra and the real world affect each
other. Ifa physical change is made toa place, its appearance
in the Umbra may change. An abandoned house getting
fixed up as a home for terminally ill children will take ona
new spiritual meaning. In the Umbra, the house may go
from a dank place reeking of decay to a bright sunlit site
filled with as much joy as parents and volunteers can give.

If the spiritual nature of a location changes, the Story-
teller must decide whether the physical world shifts as well.
Spirit magick affects everything in the Umbra, even things
that cannot be recognized as spirits. Many mages, such as
the Dreamspeakers, believe that the Umbra and physical

118 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Boras = reed

world are intertwined, and neither can exist without the
other. The Umbra gives a location atmosphere. Without a
spiritual manifestation, a grove of trees might die. If a
Nephandus infected the spirits of the grove, the area could
become a site of violent crime.

Travel

We followed the Dreamer through the

Purple hazy clouds,

Felt we could control our sense of time.

We thought we were lost, but

No matter how we tried

Everyone was in peace of mind

— Judas Priest, "Dreamer/Deceiver"

Travel through the Near Umbra is more a matter of
intent than of distance. A mage simply walks into the
Umbral mists and arrives where he wants to be. Hope-
fully.... Through these mists wind paths into the various
Realms. Many of these paths (called "airts," "high roads,"
"moon paths," "byways," "dream trails," and other names)
are often guarded by spirits and are quite dangerous.

Mages travel easily to the Realms of the High Umbra;
their Dynamic natures and inquisitive minds lead them on
the paths to the Abstract Lands more easily than to the
Primordial Forms of nature. Only the dead may venture
into the Dead Lands. Although some Euthanatos and
Nephandi are said to have walked the Dead Road, few are
powerful enough to have returned from such a journey.

Primordial mages wise in the ways of nature can pass
into the natural Realms (detailed in the Werewolf supple-
ment Umbra: The Velvet Shadow), but most mages travel
to the upper Realms shaped by ideas: the Heavens, Hells,
tessaracts and metropoli constructed by human concepts.
In between lie Domains, places where the Umbral reflec-
tion takes on a particularly strong form: "Blights," where
dark passions or toxic wastes poison the spirit shadow;
"Glens," the polar opposites of blights, where purity shines
through; "Trods," where the ancient aura of Arcadia lingers
in the Umbra, and other variations. These Domains are not
Realms in the truest sense— they shade the Penumbra with
their influence, but have noborders.

Technomancers, with their strong ties to the material
world, have a hard time in the Umbra. Mages without some
knowledge of either Cosmology or the Spirit Sphere get
utterly lost in the Umbral mists. Adepts or Masters of
Spirit, on the other hand, glow like beacons with the power
of their knowledge (this is not always a good thing...).

The Deep Ombra

The Deep Umbra is a mystery, and a dangerous one at
that. Few Tradition mages venture into this void and return
to tell of it. The Sons of Ether (and their Technocracy
counterparts, the Void Engineers) build vessels to travel


into this endless space, but are hard-pressed to reveal the
wonders they have found there. Many return from their
voyages somehow changed; perhaps the Nephandi or their
nightmarish masters corrupt these travelers. Maybe the
secrets beyond the Barrier are too great (or too foul) for the
human mind, even the mind of a mage, to comprehend...

The Ombrood

But though there is much to be learnt from a cynical devil,
I really cannot stand a sentimental one. Sefior Commander:
you know the way to the frontier of hell and heaven. Be good
enough to direct me.

— George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman
ribing the Umbral
beings called "spirits." The Technocracy (and some Tradi-

"Umbrood" is a general term de

tion mages) equate these entities with alien life-forms,
see the Umbrood for the spirit-
things they are: reflections and incarnations of aspects of
the material world (or are we a reflection of them? The

).

while more mystic mag

debate continue:

Magick

These spirits have odd powers that equate to magick in

some elemental fashion. They, like so many other
supernaturals, are unaffected by Paradox on their home
ground, perhaps because so-called magick is their natural
state. Human mages must still contend with Paradox here,
although all magick here is coincidental. Nevertheless,
mages have an edge when dealing with these ephemeral
beings. Mages are often more inventive, while spirits tend
to follow more predictable patterns. A clever mage can
outmaneuver even an Umbrood Lord.

Damage

Paradox, in the material world, actually damages
Umbrood. Magicks other than Spirit inflict normal damage
on Umbrood. Spirit Sphere Effects, however, do aggra-
vated damage to Umbral beings. Thus, the Master of this
Sphere is accorded great respect, fear and hostility in the
Umbra.

Materialization

Many Umbrood manifest in the physical world, taking
on physical forms. In the past, a few mages, including the
Progenitors, speculated that all of these spirits had some
tank in Life magick. The truth of the matter, as proven by
members of the Dreamspeakers, is that Materialize is a
special Effect of Spirit 3. Mages who step sideways trans-
form their physical bodies into spiritual ephemera and then
back from spirit stuff to physical forms again. The spirits use
the same technique, but in reverse. They start with the
second part of the transformation, turning their spirit
bodies into flesh. Spirits and their manifestations are not
truly "alive" on the physical plane. When killed, they
dispel, reforming later elsewhere in the Umbra.

eee

Hf ni
MATH
uh wl is IN
}

\y
\


Part Two:

New Rules

The following entries give new rules for
a variety of things:

© Child Mages: Not all mages are
"grown-ups." These brief rules cover young
mages as characters for both players and
Storytellers.

¢ The Art of Do: New rules for the

Child Mages

¢ Familiars: Details about the traditional mage com-
panions.

© Certamen: A formal duel system approved by the
Council of Nine.

© Computers: Some brief rules for normal computer
use and hacking. Digital Web has more details about
computer technomagick.

"Huh!" said the Starling contemptuously
"Look at ‘em. They think they're the World's
Wonders. Little miracles — I pon'T think! Of
course you'll forget-—same as Jane and Michael."

"We won'T," said the Twins, looking at
the Starling as if they would like to murder him.

The Starling jeered.

"T say you will," he insisted. "It isn't your
fault, of course," he added more kindly. "You'll
forget because you just can't help it. There never was a human
being thatremembered after the age of one— at the very latest-—
except, of course, Her." And he jerked his head over his shoulder
at Mary Poppins.

"But why can she remember and not us?" said John.

"A-a-a-h! She's different. She's the Great Exception.
Can't go by HER," said the Starling, grinning at them both.

John and Barbara were silent.

— PLL. Travers, Mary Poppins

Most Orphans Awaken as adolescents. A few, how-
ever, are born Awake, or just never go to Sleep. Indeed,
there are those who believe that all babies are Awakened,
and it's only after some time in the world that they go to
Sleep. People spend their lives trying realize things with the
clarity and simplicity that they did as children. A few
children never forget.

Children instinctively know ritual and magic, and
those with sufficient imagination can accomplish some of
the most amazing feats. They also know of the forces of
Paradox and why not to do magick around Sleepers. Al-
most all grownups— and children who act like grownups—
think they know everything. Magic zap-guns and so on
tend to turn back into ordinary toys when grownups are
around, but by the same token, the bogeyman in the closet

120 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

at fr

has to hide when mommy's around because she doesn't
believe in him. Sleepers do have their uses.

Children are among the most powerful and the most
dangerous of all mages. Some believe that children lack the
necessary willpower for magick. These people obviously
have not been around many children, or have forgotten
what it is like to be a child. Most adults lack the willpower
to be mages. What children lack is experience and interest:
experience in what is and is not supposed to be possible, and
interest in changing the way of the world. A child who has
had the spirit crushed out of her is not going to believe
herself capable of changing the world and will conse-
quently go to Sleep. Conversely, a child filled with
self-assurance generally lives in a situation quite to her
liking and will see no reason to change reality. Sleep will
come slowly and gradually, and the child will realize she is
a mage only if there is some abrupt and drastic change
which makes her need to use her power. Then there are
children who are just so weird and willful that they never
buy into the Technocracy's lies in the first place, and
continue their lives as mages...

There are some children who are born with knowledge
of their past lives, often even knowledge of their past lives
as mages. These are often the most dangerous, as they know
something of the world and of the importance of magick.
Enlightenment can be a dangerous burden, but such chil-
dren usually know what to do, and can be quite adept at
hiding vulgar magick from grownups and other Sleepers.
Usually, such children go to opposite ends of the Karmic
equation, being either blessed and holy Golden Children
or wicked and evil Children of Darkness. Then again, some
may simply be very strong-willed mages who haven't for-
gotten their previous lives and intend to pick up where they
left off.


On the other side of the equation are the Innocents,
children so pure and naive that they are in fact, enlight-
ened. By some philosophies, innocents are new spirits in

their first incarnation, and hence have no memories of

anything, not even phantom wisdom. Innocents know
little or nothing, but do magick instinctively. Many lose
the facility as they lose their innocence, replacing it
with knowledge. Even these children will eventually
lose most, ifnot all, of their purity. Innocents are also
protected from many types of harm, but as they
need it, it generally isn't much of a problem for
game balance. Roleplaying such a character has
great dramatic potential.

Awakened children can be a challenge
to play, but the experience can also prove
very rewarding. Finding out that the mean old
neighbor lady is a Nephandus can make for an
exciting adventure, and the Hermetic Order can have an
interesting time when they discover that Awakened nine-
year-olds have snuck into the Masque of the Sacred
Mysteries. Child mages also are among the most unusual
foes characters may face, whether it's a case of Chantry
being pestered by Awakened brats, or an encounter with
some evil sorceress in her latest incarnation.

The Art of Do

The animal grinned, a wicked smile, but
‘was not sensitive to the divine
vibrations. He did not quiver with delight on
hearing a few words from the mystical Book.
Instead he spat on the outdoor carpet of the truck
floor and cursed.

— Stephen Billias, The American Book
of the Dead

The human body is made to bend and
twist in many ways. The Way of Do (pronounced the same
way as "dough") seeks out the natural motions of the
human form: which motions conserve the most energy,
which produce the most force from the smallest effort, and
which allow the body to remain strong and healthy. These
exercises cover the whole of the body both internally and
externally. Stamina, speed, strength and accuracy are chis-
eled into the stylist's body, mind and spirit.

Proper execution of Do allows the stylist to lock into
the Flow of the Cosmic All and thus become an unstop-
pable force or invulnerable target. Akashic Brothers may
also augment such moves with magick when necessary,
achieving truly amazing feats of awe-inspiring beauty and
devastating destructive potential.

The Master of Do moves without thought of conven-
tion or style. The body, mind and spirit must all flow
naturally like a rolling, babbling stream. The water laps
over a muddy, stone-covered pathway to make its way back

to a larger source. The being needs to be as supple as a
willow, hard as a rock, sharp as steel, strong as a river, and
as peaceful as a rolling meadow.

The secret of Do is to be everything at once and
nothing at all.

Do asa Skill

Do is the most basic of martial forms, and, it is said, the
basis for all other arts. Primitive, yet refined, it stems from
the very basis of human hand-to-hand combat: punching,
kicking, dodging and throwing. The Do master punches,
kicks, avoids or redirects all blows; other maneuvers are the
easy man's way out of a fight.

The secret of the Do is that it is the truest and simplest
method of applying, transferring, absorbing and redirecting
the Pattern knownas intrinsic internal energies, also known
as Chi or Ki, This Pattern runs with the flow of the Prime.
That is to say, it is not in itself the Prime, but it is a Pattern
that attempts to duplicate the flow of the Prime. Practitio-
ners learn to ride along the currents of their intrinsic
internal energies.

The Masters of the Do can perform acts with the use of
intrinsic internal power that are very similar to a standard
mage's usage of Quintessence. However, this intrinsic
internal power does not come in readily physical forms like
Tass and cannot be transferred. The Akashic mage merely
uses what is already there to its fullest extent. Intrinsic

Book Three: The Book of Rules 121


internal power can be drawn out by merely practicing Do
maneuvers; this is called "cultivating" one's intrinsic inter-
nal energies. The use of intrinsic internal power has been

known to produce incredible effects. By augmenting these
effects with magick, Akashic mages can use traditional
rotes that no one else can (see the special Do rotes in Book
Four).

Do Skill (Pg. XX) must be purchased during character
creation by anyone playing an Akashic Brother. Charac-
ters already created may exchange their Brawl skill for Do
by dividing Brawl in half, rounding up (Brawl 3 becomes Do
2, etc.). This may seem unfair at first, but Do is a far more
intricate and powerful Skill than Brawl. Anyone can be a
good brawler; only the wisest artists may master Do. Brawl
never carries over into Do, even when that Skill represents
some martial art. Even the most accomplished fighter must
start at the beginning when learning the Way. Whenever
an Akashic Brother fights another martial artist, Do is
always used instead of Brawl, asa matter of honor. The Way
cannot be learned just anywhere— one must train vigor-
ously under a Mentor to learn the Skill and its special
powers.

Do stylists tend to have high ratings in other Abilities,
although the Skill itself adds nothing to those ratings.
Theseskills may include Alertness, Athletics, Dodge, Melee,
Stealth, Enigmas and Medicine. The Ability ratings will

122. The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Sf ds ese at G Sara a

vary from character to character, but many Akashic Broth-
ers have at least one dot in most, ifnot all, of these Abilities.

The Powers of Do

A great warrior feels no pain!

— Barbarian, Oriental Heroes

Do has two primary functions. The first is to link the
body into the flow of intrinsic internal energies; the second
is to direct this flow to enhance the abilities of the body.
Do, in many ways, is the study of one's own being. Through
this mastery, Do masters can perform amazing feats without
vulgar magick. These powers are magick of a sort, but affect
the inner being rather than external reality. One need not
become a mage to utilize these effects— they require
intense training and will, but not the Tapestry-reweaving
powers of True Magick.

Because these abilities have been so ingrained in
human belief that they do not invoke Paradox. Quintes-
sence, however, cannot be spent to reduce difficulties.

The Basic Maneuvers

These moves are efficient variations on normal fight-
ing strikes. Any Do stylist can use all of these strikes with
a roll of Dexterity + Do. Each of the four basic maneuvers
of Do utilize the human body to its ultimate potential.
Through perfection of the art, Do warriors add their suc-


cesses to the damage of these maneuvers. Because the
strikes depend more on focus than on strength (and for
simplicity's sake), base damage remains constant.
Example: A mugger attacks Sara Lynch, Akashic
warrior. With grace and speed, Sara's body moves like the
wind, slamming the bottom of her foot into her target with
ultimate precision. Sara rolls for her Dexterity of 4 and her
Do of 3, gaining three successes. She adds these to her kick
damage of 4, for a total of seven Health levels of damage.

Energy Sources

Do stylists directs their inner Chi one of two ways:
internally or externally. Do practitioners tend to employ
one of these energy sources, though great masters (level 4
or 5) can utilize both quite effectively. When the stylist
attains a degree of skill (three or more dots), he may declare
aspecialty with his energy source (for details on specialties,
see Mage, pp. 145-146).

Internal

The internal stylist directs intrinsic internal energies
through the body directly by motioning with the energy's

flow, and, thus, following the way of the currents in the ,
Prime. The practitioner learns to direct this flow through >
meditative motions and studies of the intrinsic internal /

energy he channels within his body.

Internal style energy transfers from the practitioner's
body in motion (potential energy) to the target's body in
relative non-motionas kinetic energy. Although the Brother
seems to move very slowly, his blows are difficult to dodge.
Specialists in the internal style may reroll 10s on rolls to hit
and often have high Dexterity scores.

External

The External Stylist forces intrinsic internal energies
to coalesce within her muscles, bone structure, skin and
tendons. This method is learned through repetition of
exercises. In this method, the energy of the Do releases as
physical kinetic energy. Specialists in "external" style reroll
10s for damage and usually have high Stamina.

Exercises and Body Control

There are millions of exercises for Do. Each set of
exercises is linked to one of four main goals of the Brother-
hood and, in turn, to one of the four Avatar Essences:
perfection of the body (Questing Style), perfection of the
mind (Pattern Style), perfection of the spirit (Dynamic
Style), or perfection of being (Primordial Style). Most of
these exercises overlap categories of distinction. For one to
find perfection in any, one must achieve a grasp of the
cosmic all. These exercises have no real application in
game mechanics, but add roleplaying flavor to stylist char-
acters,

Precise bodily control is of primary importance to the
true Do practitioner, control not only of movement and
perception, but of internal processes and structures as well.
These skills allowed many Brothers to escape Euthanatos
death squads by playing dead during the great Himalayan
Wars of 900-600 B. C. This control can be measured by the

*) level that the stylist has in Do and allows her to manipulate

her bodily functions to a degree. These non-magickal
effects take a roll of Dexterity + Do or Stamina + Do,
difficulty 8. The effect lasts for one scene.

Special Maneuvers

Through the art of Do, stylists may learn a number of
special moves. Characters with more than two dots in Do
may learn one of the following maneuvers, in no particular
order, for each point of Do over the second (e.g. a Do of 3
confers one Special Maneuver, a Do of 4 bestows two
Maneuvers, and so on). Those initiates new to Do (i.e.,
with one dot) do not yet have the skill to master these
maneuvers.

Book Three: The Book of Rules 123


Return Melee Attack

Roll: Dexterity + Do

Difficulty: see below

Damage: special

Primarily used against opponents attacking with ei-
ther swords, knives or clubs, this maneuver allows the §
defender to redirect the energy of the attack around and
back into the attacker. The practitioner rolls a resisted
roll against the attacker's Dexterity + 3. If the Do artist
wins, he does his Do + successes in damage; this reflects
how well he redirected the blow. This action must be
declared before the Attack Stage begins. i

Deflect/Catch Missiles

Roll: Dexterity + Do

Difficulty: special

Damage: none

Do practitioners are often trained in barehanded
methods of defense against weapons which can be
thrown or shot through the air. Deflection may be
attempted as long as the defender has an arm (or
leg) free, and can see the missile coming (or has
Correspondence 1). Catching, however, requires
full concentration, so the defender must be ini-
tially aware of the attack and must take no other
action that turn. This skill does not work against
any form of magickal missile, although amun- 9"
dane object propelled through coincidental p :
magick can be deflected normally. Below are.
difficulties for the most common missiles (a
number in parentheses indicates the number of successes

declared during the attack phase ofa turn, but other actions
may still be taken (the Dice Pool must be split, as usual). For
each success on this roll, one extra die may be added to a
~ "regular soak roll or an Intimidation roll if the character
desires.
IfKiai is used as a prerequisite for a Do Rote (see Book
* Four), the stylist rolls his Arete instead of Stamina + Do.
The task is a manifestation of his enlightenment rather
than a display of power. The roll may be done the turn
before the rote is executed to avoid splitting a Dice Pool.

The Final Blow

Roll: none

Difficulty: see below

Damage: normal

The long history of the Akashic Brotherhood is replete
with many examples of the superhuman capabilities of Do
practitioners, including the ability to sustain and yet tem-
porarily ignore massive amounts of physical damage. Few
high-ranking Brothers die in combat without either deliv-
ering one last blow to their killer or giving a prolonged
explication of the final secret of her style to a tearful
student. Once during his lifetime, a Brother may, if the
Storyteller allows it, completely ignore all Health Level

Roll: Stamina + Do
Difficulty: 6
Damage: none
When struck, the Brother emits a loud yell which
expels all air from the lungs, tightens the stomach muscles,
and draws the testicles up into the abdominal cavity (when
applicable). This maneuver allows an Akashic Brother to
focus his Ki (or Chi). Like a dodge, the Kiai must be

124 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide


penalties, including death, for a number turns equal to his
Do.

If this capability is used at any time other than the
moment of death, the Storyteller may tell the player that an.
amount of permanent Willpower equal to the Health
penalty overcome in this way is lost; this dramatic action
may even result in a coma or permanent handicap.

A famous demonstration of this power is the final
battle of the Weaponless Defender Nichiba, who was
disemboweled by the warlord Hakai but used his own
dangling entrails to strangle his slayer.

Familiars

Spirit

making a passage

for himself

Spirit

making a breath

for himself

out of me

out of me

— Eskimo Shamaness Hiwuna

Familiars are the companion spirit-creatures-made-
matter who work with mages. The exact nature of these
intelligent and powerful beings isunknown, although mem-
bers of the Celestial Chorus have asserted that familiars are
actually fragments of Avatars shattered by Marauders or
other powerful creatures. The Dreamspeakers, on the other
hand, insist that familiars are merely Awakened spirit-
beings whose true homeland lies somewhere in the Deep
Umbra. Some Dreamspeakers even go so far as to say that
mages in the deepest throes of Quiet may themselves be
familiars in that homeland. Whatever the truth behind
these ideas, familiars are truly alien creatures whose true
motives for joining with mages remain uncertain.

Familiars come in a variety of forms, from the golems
of the Sons of Ether to the black cats of the Verbena, from
the ferrets of the Cult of Ecstasy to the hyper-advanced Als
of the Virtual Adepts. It is said that even some Technoc-
racy mages have familiars, though they would never refer to
them as such. Familiars can take the form of almost any
creature, even robots and golems. They often have some
form of mobility, and thus rarely take the form of, say, a
crystal ball or staff. On rare occasions, however, mages
create familiars in the form of animated broomsticks, mush-
rooms, cars and the like. The Sons of Ether and Virtual
Adepts are most likely to create such familiars. Be warned
though: these familiars may cause Paradox to accrue to the
mage if any Sleepers see the familiars behaving ina manner
"impossible" in their reality!


The Familiar-Mage Bond

The familiar is a spirit foreign to the reality which the
mage calls home. Its perceptio

s, the layers of its mind and

the nature of its perversities are far different from those of
its mage. The relationship between a mage and his familiar
is incredibly deep and complex. It is not the relationship of
amaster and a servant. Rather, it isa melding, and through
melding, the empowering of two distinct and diverse indi-
viduals. Mages who believe they will control their familiars
are quickly disabused of this notion.

The bond between a familiar and a mage is almost
always an exclusive one, although a few mages have been
known to have more than one familiar. Usually, however,
the familiars will not agree to this arrangement. Even if the
mage can get two or more familiar spirits to agree to bond,
most mages cannot keep more than one familiar fed and
happy. Thus is demonstrated the extreme rarity of such a
multiple bond.

Familiars often accept a physical form because they
wish to conduct their own experiments on Earth, which
they find to be a bizarre and fascinating place. A spirit may
also become a familiar in order to hide from its enemies,
find a particular tome or discover a way to have some fun.
The reasons are as diverse as the familiars themselves.

Although mages and familiars are known to bicker
amongst themselves (especially the Hollow Ones and their

familiars), the bond between such individuals is strong. A

familiar will always look after the interests of its mage,
whom the familiar may refer to as its familiar (which may
lead to a certain amount of confusion and jokes on the part

of amage's buddies), so long as the mage does the same for
the familiar. It is a compact that is rarely broken deliber-
ately by either party. Certain familiars have been with their
mages for centuries. When the compact is broken, it is
almost always due to either a outside interference, or the
mage himself screwing up.

Familiars are sensitive creatures who can take offense
easily if they are not fed the proper amount of Quint

sence
orgiven something they view as truly important. This is not

to say that a familiar will drop the mage simply because he

doesn't buy it the Barney doll it finds so fascinating, unless,
of course, stuffed animals are part of the compact made
between the two parties. Regardless of their many peccadil-
loes, familiars are generally loyal and can provide their
mage-familiars with incredible amounts of information

and power.

Finding the Familiar

There are a variety of ways in which a mage can seek
a familiar. The most common way for a mage to seek out a
familiar is to first use the Life rote Imbue Flesh to prepare
an appropriate vessel which a spirit-being may take up


residence as a familiar. However, the Sons of Ether and
certain Virtual Adepts are known to use a different rote to
prepare a suitable physical form for a familiar. These mages
use the Matter rote Pygmalion's Paradigm (Book Five) to
prepare a physical vessel.

The mage must decide beforehand how much power
she wants to seek when searching for a familiar. This
decision is usually determined by two factors: how much
Quintessence the mage thinks she can manage to feed her
familiar and the level of the mage's Arete. The desires of
the familiar, of course, play some part in the equation...

It is not wise for a mage to attempt to bond with a
familiar which she cannot properly feed. Since a familiar
can only feed upon the Quintessence of its mage while
bonded to her, it needs to have a steady supply of Quintes-
sence. The more powerful the familiar, the more Prime
Force is required to initially attract it and keep it fed.

A mage can only call a familiar spirit up to that mage's
level of Arete. Thus, a mage with an Arete of 3 can attract
alevel three or lower familiar. More powerful familiars will
simply ignore the mage's call, viewing the mage as unwor-
thy of their attentions.

The Search

Preparing a vessel suitable for a familiar to inhabit is
only the first step in finding a true familiar. Familiar spirits
are powerful, Awakened, self-willed beings who a
choose whom they will accept as their own "familiar,
Master, as most mages prefer to think of themselves. Find-
inga familiar involves going on some form of a quest. This
quest most often involves reaching into the Umbra, al-
though certain Virtual Adepts have successfully found
familiars within the Digital Web. Members of the Akashic
Brotherhood are said to have attracted familiars by remain-
ing in a state of such profound serenity while meditating
beside the familiar shell they have created that spirits enter
the shells in order to begin a discourse with the mages. In
most cases, however, the mage must seek out the familiar
himself.

Each Tradition has its own method of going on such
quests. The members of the Dreamspeakers search the
world of their dreams looking for the allegorical clues that
will tell the mage how to approach the spirit he seeks.
Eventually a challenge intrudes on his dream. If the mage
can successfully overcome the challenge that is presented
in the dream, the spirit will present itself to him.

The Dreamspeakers' quests are far different from the
beautiful and elaborate hymns a member of the Celestial
Chorus will compose and sing during a nightlong vigil. A
hymn will tell of her desire for a companion to aid the mage
inher mission to remove the evil scourge from her world or
to bring back the knowledge of true spirituality to the arid
world of the Technomancers. If the song is intricate and
powerful enough, a spirit may present itself to the mage
during her vigil.

The Bargain

When a familiar spirit presents itself to the mage, it
does so by entering the body prepared for it. At this point,
the mage must give the familiar an amount of Quintessence
equal to the spirit's power level. Thus, a three dot familiar
requires three points of Quintessence, or else it will imme-
diately leave the mage, never to return. In addition to this
initial amount, the mage must agree to provide the familiar
with the same amount of Quintessence every seven days.
The mage will probably also have to bargain with the
familiar about certain other preferences the creature has.
These preferences vary widely from familiar to familiar.
The range of demands can encompass just about anything,
from a special bed to access to a new magickal tome on
every third new moon. Familiars will almost never explain
the reasons behind such demands, usually asserting that the
reasons are obvious.

In return for the demands of the familiar, the mage may
also request favors of the spirit. Such favors can take a
variety of forms, but the most common are given below.

Advantages

Familiars provide mages with a variety of powers and
services. Certain powers such as Paradox Nullification and
Information Font are possessed by all familiars to one
degree or another. Other familiars have additional powers
that can be of use to a mage.

On the average, familiars of each power level will grant
the mage the following advantages for so long as they
remain with the mage.

° One dot in a Knowledge Ability
Two dots in a Knowledge

eee Two dots in a Knowledge, acts as level one
Mentor

eoce

Three dots in a Knowledge, acts as level two
Mentor and provides one temporary point of Arete

eeeee Three dots inaKnowledge, acts as level three
Mentor and provides one temporary point of Arete

The Mentor function allows the mage to learn from
the familiar; the other attributes of the Mentor Background
are beyond familiars. Powerful familiars can even add to
their "pet" mage's enlightenment. This benefit disappears
if the two are separated for more than a day or so.

Paradox Nullification

Familiars can absorb and subsequently nullify a certain
amount of Paradox energies. Familiars themselves seem
immune to those same energies. Although the reason for
this ability is a mystery, some theorize that familiars can
somehow absorb Paradox energies into themselves and
then channel or carry that energy through the Deep Umbra
back to their homeland. It is also said that in the familiars'
homeland the Paradox energies are somehow disbanded or
transformed. As no one is known to have travelled to the

Book Three: The Book of Rules 127


familiars' homeland, the nature of this process isan enigma.
When asked, familiar spirits merely respond in seeming
non-sequiturs, act huffy, sharpen claws on furniture, and so
on.

The amount of Paradox a familiar can absorb and
nullify depends upon its power level. A one dot familiarcan
absorb up to one point of Paradox per month, a two dot
familiar eats up to one point biweekly, one with three dots
consumes one point per week, a four point familiar munches
on two points per week, and a five dot familiar can absorb
one point of Paradox per day.

Information Font

All familiars have access to information not normally
available to the mage. This power manifests itself in a
variety of ways. All familiars will occasionally spout pieces
of information at various times. Such information is almost
always cryptic in nature, although often extremely useful.
The familiar does not necessarily intend to puzzle the mage,
but the minds of familiar spirits are peculiar things. It is
perhaps the nature of the familiar's mind that both allows
it to discover such pieces of floating knowledge and causes
the knowledge gained to be so damned confusing.

In addition to random pieces of information tossed at
the mage from left field, a familiar also provides the mage
access to the knowledge stored within its mind. The exact
nature of this knowledge and its benefits to the mage vary
somewhat with both the nature of the familiar and its level
of power.

Other Powers

Certain familiars have other powers peculiar to the
particular familiar or type of familiar. These powers often
seem to result from some combination of the nature of the
physical body the spirit inhabits and the peculiar nature of
the spirit itself. Of course, more powerful familiars have a
greater variety or depth of powers, while relatively weak
familiars may only be able to do one or two unusual things.

Some common powers include: being able to use a few
Spheres of magick; the ability to travel in the Umbraat will;
the ability to sense danger; and the occasional power to
demand respect from the strangest places— Umbrood, old
mages and, occasionally, werecreatures.

Cerfamen

The Familiar Dilemma

Although familiars confer a number of advantages and
powers on the mages they accompany, they also make that
mage more vulnerable. The most obvious disadvantage of
keeping a familiar is that the creature must be fed a steady
diet of Quintessence. Mages value Prime Force greatly and
do not have an unlimited supply of this all-important
substance. If a mage does not supply its familiar with the
necessary Quintessence for more than two or three weeks,
the familiar may leave the mage, taking all its advantages
with it. Familiars starved by their mages often view such
treatment asa betrayal of the pact between the two parties.
Betrayed familiars have been known to go on rampages,
ripping away Quintessence from other creatures and people
close to the mage. Other familiars have rechanneled the
Paradox energies they have most recently absorbed back
into the mage with disastrous effect. Occasionally, such a
familiar can be mollified by feeding itan exorbitantamount
of Quintessence, and perhaps gifting it with a Talisman or
magickal tome for good measure.

Rival mages, Marauders or Nephandi may also capture
or destroy familiars. Marauders are particularly fond of
ripping apart familiars and feeding on the raw Quintes-
sence of their bodies. In such a way, the Marauder can gain
an amount of Quintessence equal to the power level of the
familiar.

The destruction of a familiar causes the mage to
immediately lose double the familiar's power in Quintes-
sence. However, the capture of a familiar is a far greater
danger to the mage. A mage gains new Knowledges from his
familiar through his intimate connection to the familiar's
mind, and this intimacy is not a one-way street— the
familiar also gains access to the mind of the mage. This is
often an advantage to the mage, as the familiar can hear a
summons from anywhere in the Tellurian and knows when
the mage is in danger. However, the enemies of a mage may
be able to gain access to his secrets, and perhaps even his
mind, through a captured familiar. It is rumored that
betrayed familiars have occasionally sold such information
to others for a few points of Quintessence.

A wise mage treats her familiar with great respect and
will come to the familiar's defense whenever it is endan-
gered.

Thou hast become the path and the way
That leadeth to destruction

Be thou accursed

Be thou abolished

Be thou annihilated

— Christian Death, "Path of Sorrows"

A Transcript from a conversation with Kjarl
Hamarskald, of the Order of Hermes:

You come to me, an old and weak man, to learn about
dueling, do you? Heh. Shows how much you know. Still, I'll tell
you a few things. And you can decide whether they're true or
false, eh? Or perhaps you'll find out too late. Heh. Back in the
days before even the Mythic Paradigm was in place, the Pure
Ones dueled through storms and rain, wind and sun. They


boiled up great lava flows from the earth and summoned down
huge mountains from the sky. Their conflicts formed oceans,
raised glaciers, birthedislands, and, some say, started an ice age.
Who would blame the Sleepers for their thinking these warring
Pure Ones were gods? Many times whole tribes of humans were
wiped out by the battles of these gods.

In the early Mythic Age, I know there were many kinds of
magickal contests: the shapechanging duel (some fought in their
new forms, some didn't), the contests of Will (where a great bell
was hung between two Adepts and the first to cause the thing to
ring won), the contests of Fate (where two mages would leap off
ahigh cliff, each holding an eagle's ege— the winner would be
the one who landed alive with the egg intact), and the Duels
Arcane (where a single Spheres was the focus, and the mage who
could demonstrate a greater facility and understanding of a
particular area of magick was considered the winner) .It was not
until the grand and glorious Order of Hermes turned its thoughts
to dueling that we were given a means of true testing!

That's right, boy. What I'm talking about is certamen!
Evolved from an ancient contest put to members of the old Cult
of Mercury, certamen was a true testing of the full measure of
amage, done without possible harm to Sleepers nearby or the
mages themselves. Now we can settle our conflicts on the field
of honor, just like knights in the old days, without dragging the
locals into it.

When the Council of the Nine put out the question of how
they might solve disputes, it was the Order that suggested their
way of dueling. There was an uproar among the more dynamic
Traditions: they complained that certamen with all its forms and
formality was too rigid and structured— too much like the
Technocracy. But even they soon learned that there was a subtle
wildness in the play of Aegis and Gladius. When all is said and
done, it is as swift and as strenuous as any video game of the
Virtual Adepts or shapechanging combat of the Verbena. Did
your Mentor teach you how it works? He did? Care to take on
an old goat like me? No? Why am I not surprised?

Certamen Onveiled

"Lam anti-life, the beast of judgment. I am the dark at the
end of everything. The end of universes, gods, worlds...of
everything. Sss. And what will you be then, Dreamlord?"

"Lam hope."

— Neil Gaiman, "A Hope in Hell", Sandman #5

Certamen has been updated and revised since the days
when the Order of Hermes first created it. It was adapted to
the Tradition's Spheres and had to be revised to function
in (or rather, outside of) the new reality paradigm that the
Technocracy had asserted. The greatest minds of the Tra-
ditions, including the imaginative AhL-i-Batin, joined forces

totranslate the dueling system into something that all the
Traditions could use. The present day system is not perfect,
but it does accurately and objectively test mages against
each other.

Book Three: The Book of Rules

129


Setting the Stage

An Adept of Prime, called the Marshall, must be
present to enact the ritual. A certamen circle, created in
exacting detail, must also be present. This circle gathers
magickal energy into literal Spheres, which hover and
crackle with power. These Spheres epitomize the energy
which creates them: Life Spheres pulsate organically while
Forces Spheres bristle like balls of Saint Elmo's Fire. The
exact form the Spheres take on varies from Tradition to

Tradition, but their nature remains clear to all who see
them. Each combatant summons her Spheres into being,
then chooses which ones to use in the upcoming contest.

Many Chantries have a certamen circle inscribed in a
special room that is kept protected. The act of inscribing
and isa
costly activity as well. A Chantry will often have only one,
although it is rumored that Do'

the circle requires Adepts of each of the Spheres,

issetep has many, including
one that is said to be inscribed by Verdi himself. If you are
using the Chantry Creation Rules from The Book of
Chantries, a certamen circle costs

3 creation points.
Certamen is highly vulgar and cannot be utilized on Earth
without serious repercussions.

The Certamen Marshal enacts the setting ritual, then
watches the conflict and makes sure that safety and honor
are maintained. The two combatants stand within it in a
prescribed place and must stay put until they are given
leave to move. When the ritual is complete, a bubble of

130

Patterned Quintessence surrounds the two mages, enabling
them to fight without fear of damaging the outside world.
This bubble also prevents outside effects from interfering
with the contest. Even ifthe Marshall is slain, the certamen
will continue until there is a winner.

During the Summoning, when the two mages each
draw forth their Spheres, the mages draw forth one Sphere
per point of Arete that they possess. Any Spheres not
summoned cannot be used. A mage's rank in a certain
Sphere is not important— if she has any knowledge of an
element, she may summon the appropriate Sphere. Com-
batants must draw the Prime Sphere first; this Sphere
enables them to uti
the same Sphere twice (i.e., two Life Spheres, or two Forces
Spheres). The Spheres form glowing balls of light as they
rise up from their appropriate symbols from the certamen
circle. Summoned Spheres may not be used for magickal
Effects: the form they take is an Effect in itself.

The next phase of certamen is called the Arming —
when the combatants form the Gladius (or weapon) and
the Aegis (or shield) for the upcoming combat. They do
this by mentally vi:
dagger and a shield, respectively. They must choose which

zes the others. They may not summon

salizing the Sphere morphing into a

Spheres to use for their Gladius or Aegis. It is customary for
phere upon chal-
lenging, and it is customary for the challenged to calf out
his Aegis Sphere at the same time. It's bad form to change
your Gladius or Aegis, but it's been known to happen.

the challenger to call out his Gladiu:


During this phase, they also take all of the other
Spheres they Summoned in the first phase (including the
Prime Sphere) and leave them hanging in reserve behind
them, to bob and weave until summoned with a mental
command or utilized in the fight (in which case they glow
brightly for a moment). Of course, the maximum number
of current active Spheres (including the Spheres for the
Gladius and the Aegis) can never be more than the mage's
Arete rating.

Before proceeding, each mage form a Locus, or Center.
The Locus is made up of a pool of Quintessence, and
represents the true target of any attack in certamen. Com-
batants need not use their full pool of Quintessence on the
Locus, but it's considered polite to do so. Many consider
holding onto Quintessence to use in battle as cheating.
When all preparations have been made, certamen can
begin.

Certamen Rules

The object of certamen is to rob your opponent of all
her Quintessence. The Gladius is used as a tool to move
past or pierce an opponent's Aegis, which forms a channel
between the Attacker's Locus and the Defender's Locus.
Through this channel, the attacker strives to siphon the
defender's Prime Force away.

Viewing a certamen from the sidelines is quite excit-
ing. The Gladius forms a jagged dagger-like shape, while
the Aegis generally forms a round shield-like effect. Both
these tools fly around, propelled by the craft and skill of
their makers. More elaborate duels are performed in circles
that can cast illusions illustrating a metaphor for any
conflict in progress.

One "round" of certamen lasts for a very short period
of time, objectively. Each round is usually over in less than
a minute. Many certamen duels are over before you can
even see the movement of the Spheres, and actually take
longer to set up than they do to conduct.

Or art thou a dagger of the mind, a false
creation, proceeding from the heat-oppressed
brain?

— Shakespeare, Macbeth

Both mages roll initiative each round.
On a tie, the person with the highest Wits
goes first. Otherwise, the winner may either

"| attack or wait her opponent out, saving her

action until the other moves. Certamen com-

bats are then played out like normal fights. An attack is a

roll of Wits + Sphere. Attackers roll the rating of the

Gladius Sphere against the defender's Aegis Sphere + 3,

rather than the usual Dexterity + Brawl or Melee roll
against a difficulty of 6.

If the attacker fails, her attack has been blocked by the
Aegis. A successful attack hits the Locus, draining one
Quintessence per success. Loci can soak drain damage: roll
the defender's Prime score against difficulty 6.

A defender may use part of his Dice Pool for that turn
to block an incoming attack entirely by rolling Wits +
Aegis against the attacker's Gladius + 3. If he succeeds, the
Gladius gets nowhere near the Locus. He can also try a
Locus Dodge, rolling his Wits + Arete against difficulty 6,
but cannot attack on that round if he does. Each success
takes away one of the attacker's successes.

Victory Conditions

When one mage's Locus is drained, the battle is usually
over, unless both agree to "refuel" and try again. The
winner then dissolves her Locus and the Quintessence is
stored in her Pattern.

A draw occurs if both mages drain each other's locus
simultaneously. Draws are rare, but they have occurred,
especially with particularly adroit warriors.

Optionally, a combatant may yield to his opponent.
He does this by intentionally dissolving his Locus (but this
may be a prelude toa terrible attack, as well...). The shield
which protects the contest will only drop when both
parties' Loci are dissolved. At that time, the Gladius and
Aegis of both participants vanish.

Stakes vary with the mages concerned. Often, asimple
apology or retraction from the loser will suffice. Other
times, the winner may claim some payment or service from
the loser. In extreme cases, losers of certamen may be exiled
from their Chantry or cabal. The winner usually keeps
whatever Quintessence she wins in the contest. Refusing to
honor the outcome of a certamen duel is a serious breach of
etiquette, but it happens more often than the Traditions
would like to admit.

Permutations

You call that hard? I used to bull's-eye womp rats in my T-
16 back home. They aren't much bigger than two meters.

— Luke Skywalker, Star Wars: A New Hope

Different Spheres and maneuvers can have various
effects in certamen. The suggestions below should guide
these effects. As always, keep the combat tense and dra-
matic through character interplay. Don't let rules
permutation slow you down. Ultimately, certamen is a
battle of skills, wits, magick and honor, not of rules-hacking
and chart-consulting.

Book Three: The Book of Rules 131


Maneuvers

Botching: A botched roll means the mage has lost
control of the Sphere; he "fumbles" it and it disappears. See
"Re-arming."

Disarming: A mage can try to disarm his opponent by
attacking either her weapon or shield with his own. This
desperate maneuver is at a difficulty of 9, but success will
disruptthe opponent's Sphere for one turn per success. Four
or more successes destroys the chosen Sphere for the
duration.

Re-arming: A combatant may find himself without a
Gladius, an Aegis, or both. He must then either form anew
weapon or shield by drawing on one of the Spheres he has
held in reserve or, if he has no appropriate Spheres in
reserve, by summoning a Sphere anew. Forming a new
weapon or shield from a reserve Sphere takes only one
round, while summoning a new Sphere and forming a
weapon or shield from it requires two rounds. During this
time, devastating damage may be done to the combatant's
Locus.

Changing Weapons or Shields: It takes one round to
form a Gladius or Aegis out of one available Sphere and
discard the previous Gladius or Aegis (the Sphere does not
vanish when it is discarded; it becomes a Sphere in reserve).

Neither forming a new Gladius or Aegis nor summon-
ing a new Sphere requires a roll. Both are automatically
built into the certamen circle.

Refueling: It is possible for a mage to carry Tass into a
duel in order to refuel the Locus. If this is not agreed upon
ahead of time, it can be a form of cheating. Still, the
tradition of carrying Tass into certamen originated with
the Order of Hermes and it still goes on today.

Refueling takes one round. It is necessary to have the
Prime Sphere active and in reserve. The Sphere must be at
least 2 and a normal Prime effect must be cast. The
difficulty for the effect is 6. The number of successes equals
the Quintessence points that go to refuel the Locus.

Technically, it is possible to Refuel from a Node
during certamen, but this is truly bad form.

Sphere Special
Effects

Different Spheres do different things. The
optional effects below reflect the pro and cons
of the magickal Spheres. A combat Sphere may
be used as either an Aegis or a Gladius; reserve
Spheres don't work as weapons, but allow the mage
access to some special maneuver on the round(s)
that they are tapped. Tapping a reserve Sphere takes
ahalf-action, splitting the Dice Pool for that round in ©
half. No roll need be made.

Correspondence (Reserve): A glittering and dis-
orienting Sphere, Correspondence can be tapped for extra
dice, which can be used either for Attack or Defense. They

132 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

must be committed at the beginning of the round and
cannot be changed until the start of the next round.

Entropy (Combat): The scintillating blade of an En-
tropy Gladius adds one success to drain rolls, but consumes
one point of any Quintessence gained while transferring
the rest to the attacker's Locus.

Forces (Combat): Force often appears as a crackling
ball or shield of fire or electricity. Ona roll of "10", a Forces
Gladius forks, giving the attacker one extra die per "10" to
roll against the Locus. Forces shields give no special ben-
efits.

Life (Combat): This robust Sphere grants no special
effects in attack. Defending Life Spheres, however, add +
1 to an attacker's difficulty.

Matter (Combat): Matter often takes on the form ofa
stone shield or a giant hammer. When used as an Aegis,
Matter adds + 2 to the difficulties of incoming attacks.
Matter Gladii gain no bonus but are as intimidating as hell.

Mind (Combat): Mind weapons and shields are nearly
invisible. All attack or block rolls against them are at a +3
difficulty.

Prime (Reserve): This blazing light Sphere allows a
mage to expend Quintessence to lower his difficulties for
both attacks and defenses, and to refuel the Loci.

Spirit (Combat): The smoky gray Spirit Gladius adds
one additional drain success for every "10" rolled.

Time (Reserve): Like Correspondence Spheres, coa-
lesced Time Spheres are difficult to gaze upon. The air
seems to warp in and around itself for several feet in either
direction. For each point of Time expertise after the first,
a mage tapping this Sphere may make one extra action —
attack, defend, re-arm, refuel or summon— by spending
a point of Quintessence per extra action.


a spat (Hutch called Vannoy "Mat
~ tear each othena Ip

tes
he Bit i e
lutch's Matter 1 gives Vanni
‘

a blows a illpower and wins a

pr

j ies to En
_ ‘Hutch winsth

against

Vp | Both mages
‘aided by aW Ipox
~ Marshall siniles; "

fashion vietim," the Bitc

intrymate Aly

. ar,
Cheating
There are many ways to cheat at certamen. Some are
considered merely bad form and a few are considered
grounds for sanction against the mage employing them.
Forming a "backup" Gladius before you release the
current Gladius is bad form, and attacking twice using the
Time Sphere with both of them is a Foul which might
indicate a penalty. Mages who stash Tass on themselves
without indicating so to their opponent can face a Foul or
even a Forfeit if it is discovered, but this is a common way
of cheating at certamen. Serious offenses include altering
or affecting the certamen circle itself, bringing in Talis-
mans which aid in the manipulation of certamen energies,
orcalling in outside help from outside the certamen circle.
These offenses could lead to censure.

Differences and Respect

By fighting each other through certamen, each mage is
treated toa very personal exposure as to how each mage sees
the Spheres, for they form in accordance to their own

Paar
center. Vi
nly one

aon i ES BG
beliefs and knowledge. For example, a Virtual Adept's
Spheres might appear computerized or digital; a Hollow
Ones' Spheres may appear gray or dull; a Son of Ether's
Spheres may arc with energy or flux for one reason or
another.

By being forced to see how each mage views their own
Spheres through certamen, a Tradition mage gets a peek at
another's viewpoint of Ascension. Instead of dividing the
Traditions further, certamen is a conflict resolution system
which reveals the ultimate unity of vision in the Tradi-
tions. Even if they donot come away enlightened, however,
certamen exists because it does not harm Sleepers, it is a
true test of skill and knowledge of the Spheres, and it is the
best system the Traditions have.

Players are encouraged to make their certamen duels
contests of creativity and storytelling. Rather than me-
chanically rolling dice and assessing damage, the players
may describe the contest however they see fit. Illusions can
easily spring up within well-prepared certamen circles. An
Akashic Brother might assume the form of a giant serpent
oraraging tiger, a Euthanatos might make the circle appear

Book Three: The Book of Rules 133


to fall away, revealing a yawning cosmic void, and so on. It
is quite possible to "lose" certamen and still put on a good
show. Feel free to use the circle to tell a story.

Variations

I hear Their laughter
Pm not alone but I fear

That laughter is my own
— Liers In Wait, "Torture Chamber"

The Duels Arcane

Not every Tradition mage uses the formal certamen to
solve their disputes. Each Tradition has its own "house"
method of solving problems, and there are still the old ways
to consider. Generally, in order to provide some structure
and to try and not endanger many mortals in their machi-
nations, two mages often agree upon a certain set of goals
which they are both striving to attain.

Two Euthanatos may decide to duel to see which one
can kill the other first. Cultists of Ecstasy have been known
to have sensory overload duels with music, drugs, sex and
cinema (the infamous Movie Crawls of Manhattan); the
first Cultist to drop loses. The Verbena return to the
shapeshifting duels of old. The Akashic Brotherhood has a
rote which allows two Brothers to challenge one another
simply by gazing into each other's eyes. The first mage to
blink loses. The Virtual Adepts have constructed wargames
in the Digital Web to solve their disputes, although "flame
wars" are also common.

Some of the enemies of the Traditions also know and
can use certamen, particularly the barabbi mages of the
Nephandi, who often like to certamen for the soul of a
mage. Even some Technomancers know the use of a

Computers

certamen circle, if only for the purposes of "blending in"
with other mages.

Marauders disdain any such formal system, and often
have very dangerous, Paradox-ridden contests. (See Loom
of Fate for some of their favorite kinds of challenges.)

The Oltimate Duel: Reality.
Shaping

As the Traditions grow in power and the Technocracy
clenches its fist over reality, it is ultimately the greatest test
of any Tradition mage to shape mundane reality according
to its view of Ascension. For this reason, one of the more
popular of the "new" dueling practices is to take a specific
facet of reality and shape it into something new, preferably
something more towards Ascension.

For example, the city block at Sanford Street and
Hairston Road is a run-down area of the city, full of crime,
drugs, and poverty. A Celestial Chorus mage is confronted
by a Man in Black, who demands that he leave the area.
The Chorus mage challenges the Man in Black to a Reality
Shaping duel, and names as his goal 100% attendance in
the local elementary school. Thus, through hard work,
coincidental magick, lots of social manipulation and some
judicious bribes to truant officers, the Celestial Chorus
mage tries to collect hundreds of children and get them
back into school without much trouble and win the Shap-
ing. Of course, the Technocracy might bring in big guns,
slap court orders on the Chorus mage, destroy his Chantry
and suborn the school. The Technocracy is under no
obligation to "play fair."

Although it is deadly serious, ultimately the battle that
the Traditions have with the Marauders and the Technoc-
racy isnota moral one, buta war of ideals and ethics—a war
for and about Reality.

The new literacy is computer literacy.
Those who can use even the lowliest com-
puters have access to information machines
of vast potential. The Virtual Adepts are the
masters of this new language, but any mage
can use a computer. The following rules are
for normal computers; magickal decks are
covered in Digital Web, while some ex-
amples of the Adepts' Trinary computers can
be found in Book Four.

Acomputer isa tool for accessing information, analyz-
ing the information and acting upon that analysis— all at
the same time. Computers in the real world are very
complex. For the sake of simplicity, we describe four types
of normal computers and offer some rules for using them in
a storytelling game:

134 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Laptop: The smallest of the computers, laptops are
designed primarily for portability. Although small, these
computers will still run most software. Cost: $2000.

Personal Computer: A desktop computer like the
type found in most offices today. These computers are quite
powerful and may run a wide variety of supplementary
software to accomplish many different tasks. Cost: $1000.

Minicomputer: Typically used by a smaller office or
organization, minicomputers have multi-user capacity (more
than one person can use the computer at once). Cost:
$10,000.

Mainframe Computer: Used by banks, governments
and large institutions; mainframes are like minis, only
much larger and more powerful. Cost: $100,000+.


Computers Equal
Information

Computers normally become involved ina game because
information is on someone else's computer and the characters
want it, although computers do have other uses (writing and
addressing form letters, for example). The characters may be
keeping information of their own on a computer (this should
give a healthy bonus to a recollection roll).

Computer Security

Computer security comes in two forms: physical secu-
tity and "software" security. Physical security is the denial
of physical access to the computer— no access, no data, no
data theft. A physically secure computer is one that is not
connected to the phone lines. Turning a computer off is a
good way to bolster physical security.

Software security is any program that keeps unautho-
tized people from looking at certain information stored on.
a computer. Unless the person using a computer has pur-
posefully hidden or encrypted information, anyone with
any Computer Knowledge will be able to retrieve all
information on that computer— given enough time.

In the real world, someone hiding information on a
computer either does it right or doesn't. If information is
hidden correctly (and that means using security software),
then getting the information without the correct password is
very difficult. This makes passwords a valuable commodity.

In order to use (or abuse) a computer system, a character
must have both physical access to the computer (in person or
by telephone), and software access to the information de-
sired— whether through the correct password or a Computer
roll to break through ("crack") the security system.

Before introducing a computer into the chronicle, a
Storyteller should decide the following things:

¢ What information on the computer is relevant to the
chronicle?

¢ What other information is on the computer (for
descriptive purposes)?

¢ How well (or poorly) organized is the information?

¢ Was any attempt made to hide information? If so,
how much time/difficulty will this add?

* Taking all of the above into account, how many
successes must the characters score to retrieve the information?

In order to write a security program, make three rolls
(Intelligence + Computer, difficulty 7). The total number
of successes accumulated from the rolls is the difficulty of
the security program. Security software can push the diffi-
culty rating over 10. The only way to crack such a system
is to use "cracking software" (created the same way) to
reduce the difficulty to 10 or lower.

Poor Organization will never push the difficulty rating
over nine. It is time-consuming, but not more difficult, to
find information on a poorly organized computer. Also

Hacking Chart
_ Time(Hours) Difficulty

note that "poor organization" may be a perfectly logical
filing system the characters do not understand!

Example: A laptop (1) with moderate security software
(3) will require four hours for each roll to crack its system; the
difficulty of such a feat is 8. The number of successes must be
set by the Storyteller.

Computer Oses

Dedicated Computers: A dedicated computer system
is a computer designed to do only one task. A bank ATM
machine is a good example, as are the fire-control systems
on modern naval vessels. These computers are normally PC
or mini-sized systems, but breaking into one is usually very
hard. Add 2 to the difficulty to break into one. Matter or
Forces magick can disrupt such computers, but affecting
one without wrecking it requires a roll of Intelligence plus
Technology, Computer or Computer Hacking.

Dedicated computers store a record of everything that
the computer does. For example, an ATM stores a record of
all its transactions, and it also stores a record of its commu-
nications with the bank's other computers. Naval
fire-control systems keep a record of every target that they
track,

Example: Bank automatic teller machine (ATM)—
PC system with added security and security software (diffi-
culty 10, time 6).

Typical Office Computers: Word processors and
spreadsheets account for more than 50 percent of all
computer use. Databases account for another 25 percent.

Typical Home Computers: Games account for about
80 percent of home computer software and word processing
accounts for 15 percent.

Programming: This classic computer operation re-
quires a number of successes determined by the Storyteller
(generally 10-25) rolled against a difficulty set by the
Storyteller (generally 7). Each roll normally requires two
hours, although Time or Mind magick can speed things up
(at the Storyteller's discretion).

Book Three: The Book of Rules

135



Magick is not supernatural. If our entire universe came
about either as the creation of an intelligent being or beings, or
merely as the result of chance events, we still must come to the
same conclusion: everything in the universe is natural!

— Donald Michael Kraig, Modern Magick

This Book presents new rotes and Talis-

mans for Mage adventurers. It should be
stressed that magick is not bound to these
Effects, nor are certain rotes the only possible
way of accomplishing results. These are sug-
gestions and guidelines only, not absolute

lists of "spells" or "magic items." While the rituals of
vampiric Thaumaturgy have some static form, True Magick
is far more fluid. As always, guide the magick by story
intent, notnit-picking. Reality is subjective, magick moreso.
Reality shaping is an art, not a science.


The power of magic should not be underes-
timated. It works, often in ways that are
unexpected and difficult to control. But neither
should the power of magic be overestimated. It
does not work simply, or effortlessly ; it does not
confer omnipotence.

— Starhawk, The Spiral Dance

Mage magick is not static. Lists and
books of "spells" are not the rule in the World
of Darkness, at least not among True Magi. All the same,
some static Effects— rotes— exist as tried-and-true ways to
get things done. When a mage pulls off a particularly useful

rote functions as coincidental magic as it resembles a
blessing, not an attack.]

Avatar Form (¢¢¢ Life, ¢* Prime, ¢¢ Mind)

Vibansumitra could look back in time through his
Avatar, even before his Awakening. One of his greatest
feats was his ability to project the true form of his Avatar
into this physical Realm. His skin would turn a bright sky
blue and become immune to the effects of natural tempera-
ture changes. Instead of two arms, Vibansumitra now had
six. Each hand was constantly busy fiddling with something
of importance to him; yet one always remained clasped in
a position of respect for his Avatar.

or spectacular Effect, other mages inevitably ask, "How did —~Alllv who: saw Vibansumitra gazed in awe at his heavenly

you do that?" Hence, rotes become a sort of e6mmodity,— form.
2 This sore hardens the skin so that it can take exposure

You show me yours, and I'll show you miné.

While some rotes "belong" toacersdinT;
get passed from hand to hand between/al
sometimes even stolen. Many of fhe fuck
changed over the years as others have/impr;
original forms. For simplicity, signat Ire potes
grouped by their specific Traditions (the e Holl
AhLi-Batin are also represented here); \ct mh
totes follow in the General category. Spel i c
round out the rotes section. Thes¢ rots are éxten
Do maneuvers and may not be used alen e AnD those
unversed in the art. Wo

Tradition ore

The value of a tradition, of any sort, is cee it CBives us us some

framework within which to interpret events that happen during

the stages of psychic transformation. Without the tradition... we

may lose sight of the way and linger far longer than we need in

any one stage or state of consciousness. In times of extreme

difficulty, it is possible to use the tradition ... as a lifeline.
—RJ. Stewart, The Way of Merlin

Akashic Brotherhood

Peace of Buddha (¢¢ Mind)

It is said that Ah Mu could calm anyone or anything
with a simple hand gesture and the words "Buddha bless
you." The members of the Akashic Brotherhood who
utilize this rote uphold that tradition. By gesturing with a
peaceful hand posture and uttering "Buddha Bless you," the
Brother projects peace and tranquillity upon his target. All
but the most bloodthirsty individuals will immediately
become calm and cease to perform further hostile actions.

[The mage forcesa feeling of peace into the opponent's
psyche. If the number of successes equals or exceeds the
opponent's Willpower, the caster will drain the subject's
will to do harm for the rote's duration. The individual is
unlikely to do things that he wouldn't normally do. This

138 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

ps Seperteue extremes, from chilling arctic wind
9 falava'flow. It might, optionally, harden the
ge}, pg. 269), adding one level of Armor
tter Effect slows the mage down, apply-
alty\of actually wearing armor of that
her thay decide the level of Armor after the
a magick roll.

Pet ws four additional arms. He may add four
iS Bice Pool for manual tasks, but must split that
A, bobwhgh the varjous actions he performs. Difficulties
for each; action might i increase, due to the concentration
mivolvéd i indsing; six arms. The skin of the practitioner also.
turns) blue. While i in this form, an overwhelming feeling of
{we projectsinto the minds of everyone viewing the caster
viatheSecond Rank of the Mind Sphere. A simpler form of
this rote, Iron Body, toughens the mage's body but confers
none of the other effects. The simpler rote uses Life and
Prime to harden the body like armor and does not require
Mind.]

Ahl-i-Batin

Eagle Eye (¢* Correspondence, ¢ Life)

While Shalitza was going through a maze in Cairo, she
projected her senses up into the sky to look down upon her
surroundings. Through the repeated use of this rote, Shalitza
finally burst through the barrier holding her from attaining
the Third Sphere of Correspondence. This rote is one of the
first lessons taught to new initiates of the Batini, even if
they are not yet versed in the Spheres necessary to perform
it.

[The mage looks into the sky and focuses her senses so
that she is looking down from that point in the sky. This is
often used for tracking opponents across rooftops and
through crowds of people. It has also been used to help

mages escape from mazes and detect approaching individu-
als.]


Sneaking Shadow (¢¢ Forces, ¢® Mind)
Ali By-yam set about to drive his opponents mad by
playing subtle tricks on their minds. Many rotes used during
battles in the Ascension War have been taken\fromrhis
notes. Ali By-yam would locate his opponent,and cast
magick on his enemy's shadow, giving"it~a_ frightening
appearance. The shadow would dart aHonit as if it~were
attacking the target, causing the individual to become
subconsciously paranoid until he teatized that his shadow
was "attacking" him. This realization-was-enough.todtive
many to eventual madness.

Ali By-yam claimed that he fifstused this tote to‘drive
asultan insane. Whether a sultan's vizier would be stupid
enough not to realize what was going on.is-anothier point
entirely.

[The Sphere of Forces is used to mahipulaté light
waves from available lighting so that thertarget's'shadow.
will shift about in a disturbing manner. The shadow soften
manipulated to take on the form of a monster or-known
enemy of the target. The shadow can be made to appear on
the opposite side of its natural location or even upside-
down. The Sphere of Mind is used to keep the target from
intentionally looking at her shadow; this does not stop the
target from staring directly at the shadow, but it affects the
target's comprehension and suggestibility. To avoid creep-
ing paranoia, he must make a Willpower roll and exceed
the number of successes the mage obtained when the rote
was cast. If the target cannot shake off the effects of the

"lurking shadow," he may make a Wits + Alertness roll to
realize‘thar the shadow is behaving strangely. If the second
Follis unsuccessful, he will be ata -2 to his Dice Pool for the
duration' of the rote, and he will become increasingly
irritable /and-néurotic. Others may notice that the shadow
looks oddy butwill rot suffer the Mind Effects.

[Mages, if they notice the odd shadow, will immedi-
atély be able to detect the magick. Sleepers who notice, on
the other hand, must-make a Willpower roll versus a
diffiéulty-of 8-in-order-to maintain sanity. Those who fail
willke haunted by the shadow. If the duration of the spell
lasts tong enough, the Sleeper will be worked up into such
astate that he will become catatonic after a number of
hours equal.to her Willpower. Sometimes it is better not to
see the bogeyman that lurks right over your shoulder.]

Celestial Chorus
Sense Corfuption (¢ Entrop Spirit)

Antonius, an ancient Celestial Chorus mage, allied
himself with some Garou, creatures otherwise known as

These Garou be-
lieved that the One was plagued by a force known as the

werewolves, Lupines or lycanthrope:

Wyrm. The Wyrm was a great source of corruption and
wished to bring about the end of the Realm. Antonius
recognized the common nature of the Wyrm and his own

Adversary and sought to detect corruption the way the
Garou did.

139


Seeking first for tainted spirits in the Umbra, he was
unable to detect them as they were perceived by the Garou.
Next, he tried searching for\sources of great entropy.
Linking his search in the Umbra with his search for chaos
enabled him to identifyithe Garotetermed "Wyrm spirits".

This is a dangerous rote, one known to drive mages
crazy; there is 6nly so muchithat can be done in the face of
eternal corruption.

(The first Spirit Sphére is, used tospan through the
Umbita while the fitsn Sphere of Entfopy is used to focusion
rand@mfluctuatiohs of decompositioninThere.isustially a
low-level underlying current of Entropy and an increased
level of Pattetn corruption in\Wyrm creatures that can be
detected with éareful analysis of one's perceptions. This
allows the mage toundefstand the difference between an
"evil" spirit and a Wytit-fetteredione.]

Wall of Mirrors (¢ © ® ® Correspondence, * ¢ * Force)

The Wall of Mirrors was designed by Sister Marcella
of the Roman Chorus to protect her from unexpected
attacks as she ministered to the pagan hordes of Dark Age
Europe. This rote is strictly defensive and cannot be used
in conjunction with any attacks, but can prove devastating
as a defense.

[The Wall subtracts successes from any attack directed
at the mage, moving the assault through space ina different
direction than that which was originally intended. The
direction is completely random and normally appears as if
the attacker simply missed, or as if the attack was "coinci-
dentally" deflected. For example, a bullet might ricochet
off of a pendant, bouncing harmlessly off of a wall. Each
success deducts one die from any attack Dice Pool used
against the mage. This rote does not defend against indirect
attacks, such as strong winds that buffet an entire area.]

Cult of Ecstasy

Tune Psychic Radio (¢* Forces, ¢ Mind)

Jenny "Songbird" Logan, the notable 1960's protest
singer, was cornered by several Progenitor agents. She
barely escaped with her life, anda chase ensued. As she fled,
she began to scan the radio waves for the signal band the
Progenitors were using. Once she had homed in on the
signal, it was easy for her to begin to use their own intelli-
gence network against them. First she found the "bug" that
they were using to track her motion. Then she locked her
mind into the radio communication between the Progeni-
tor agents. Eventually, she was able to flee through a
crowded store and lose enough of her clothing so that her
Progenitor followers abducted a groupie look-alike instead.

Unfortunately for Jenny, she had not progressed to
mastery of the third Sphere of Forces. If she had, she would
have been able to produce her own signals as well...

Of late, Cultists have used this rote to listen into
police, fire, rescue, news and entertainment transmissions.
Some members of the Cult believe that this rote can be used
to lock onto voice patterns so that conversations can be

140 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

heard across crowded rooms and recognized the next time
the Cultist is exposed to them.

[Using the Sphere of Forces, the mage tunes into any
radio frequency that he wishes. The Sphere of the Mind is
used to translate the radio signal into a form that can be
understood. No actual sound is produced; all interaction is
within the mage's mind.]

The Trip (¢*¢¢ Mind,
°° Time, * Entropy)

Members of the Cult have always sought ways to alter
the minds and bodies of themselves and others. This rote
causes the mind of another individual to extrapolate on
events in the past and the present in a highly structured yet
chaotic fashion.

ee Correspondence,

Tim "Doc" Pere first utilized this rote to stimulate
women. Acting asa hypnotist, he would lock his mind into
the woman's mind and search for parts of her past that were
sexually gratifying to her. He would locate moments of
chaotic pleasure within her mind as well. Once he had this
information, he would merge his perceptions into her own.
As this infusion of pleasure flooded into her, he would
reveal the moment in the past that she experienced as it was
happening.

When attacked by a member of Nephandi, "Doc" was

her life. He linked these moments back into
sensory input, but instead oe ne the sai =m

een images of the evil things s
woman was)left a/babbling pe
[Using thesfourth:

control of thetarget's mi delusions or misconcep-
tions that the target has' his mind are detected by the

first Sphere of Entropy ; and manipulated by the Sphere of
Mind. Once these areasiof the target's memory have been
located, they are fed into the target's waking mind as
sensory input. Once the time and place of the memory have
been revealed, the Cultist locates the place via the Sphere
of Correspondence and the time by the Sphere of Time.
The actual timeand place of the incident are then revealed
to the target.]

Dreamspeakers

Scrying (** Correspondence, ¢ Spirit)
Dreamspeaker mages developed this rote to "dream" of
other locations. This is mostly used for spying and explora-
tion. The Dreamspeaker goes into a drumming frenzy and
allows her senses to wander out away from herself until they
come to some point on which the Dreamspeaker wishes to
concentrate. Dreamspeakers are known to use this rote

quite frequently; it is not only useful, but highly entertain-
ing.

Dreamspeakers have been known tosend their "dream-
ing" into the Umbra as well. This gives a different insight
to the spirit world than one would normally achieve. Since
the point of view is within the Realm rather than the
Umbra, the senses coming out of the spirit world make the
spirits appear more like patterns of the Realm than they
normally would. This can gain the mage insight into the
nature of spirits that would otherwise be concealed — not
that spirits are any good at concealing their true nature.

[This rote allows the mage to view other locations. It
is usually limited to familiar locations or those that have
been purposefully memorized, but this can be used to slowly
"drag" one's Sphere sensing across an area by moving the
point of Correspondence around within sensing range.
This takes time and.ca (and is visible

ake agick, as it

succeeded, i Hes
one blow; it
upon what:

the gate. A
Rhythm rushed
hind her.

cally vulgar magick aga
begins her drumming,

The Dreamspeakers have held
times of great emergency. It is not taught to all students of
magick. In fact, the Dreamspeakers take great pains to erase
all traces of its use with the higher Spheres of Entropy.

[The fourth rank of the Spirit Sphere is used to breach
the Gauntlet. Once the Gauntlet is breached, the fourth
rank of Forces alters the direction of gravity so that it draws
everything within its area into the Umbra. The second
Sphere of Prime supplies the necessary Quintessence sup-
ply to maintain the gate and manipulate gravity.]

Euthanatos

Random Impulse (¢¢¢¢ Mind, ¢¢ Entropy)

Cathi Marisha, a Euthanatos specializing in indirect
mayhem, conceived this rote. By controlling the random
impulses of her targets, Cathi was able to impel them into
random acts of chaos.

[The mage using this Effect may control her subject's
actions to a certain extent, but entropy rules the target's
mind for the most part. For each success the mage scores,

she robs her target of conscious control over his own
actions for one five-minute increment (one success, five
minutes, three successes, fifteen, etc.). She may direct one
action of her target for every success she scores, but the
target may resist this control with a successful Willpower
roll, difficulty 7.]

Bone Twisting P;
eee Prime)

intropy, °¢*° Life,

the Bone Pd marrow structure. Knowledge of the Sphere
of Prime channels Quintessence to mutate the opponent's
Pattern.

[If causing damage instead of crippling, this rote in-
flicts aggravated damage. If the mage is seeking to cripple
the opponent, the crippling causes normal damage, but
twists the limb for the duration of the Effect. There is no
method of naturally healing such damage; the only method
of recovery is to use the Sphere of Life to return the bones
totheir natural state. In either case, the rote is quite vulgar.]

Hollow Ones

Be Cool (¢* Mind)

Wendy "Spider" Jones always needed to feel hip to
whatever scene she indulged in at the time. Once she
became Awakened, she realized that being cool was only a
matter of conforming to the views of others and that their
moods and attitudes could easily be drawn out of them.

"Spider" started by feeling out people by reading their
surface emotions. Next she began to implant the feeling
that she was "cool" into the minds of others around her.
Finally she decided that she wanted to stop wasting time
casting the magick each time she went out; it was bringing
her too much Paradox. "Spider" found it was best to
permanently cast the rote on a given bar or club. In this
way, she was able to "be cool" at these magicked locations
whenever she returned to them.

The Hollow Ones jealously keep this rote hidden from
the members of the Cult of Ecstasy. Let ‘em find their own.
way to be cool!

[Using the second rank of the Mind Sphere, the
Hollow One probes the emotions of others to see when he
is considered "cool." Once the mage hits the right train of

Book Four: The Magick Toybox 141


thought, he continues along it, using the same Mind rank
to implant the impression that what he's saying is cool, no
matter what he might be babbling.

[Hollow Ones have been known to cast this rote on
places that they frequent. However, this leaves mystickal
residue that can be detected by other mages. This practice
is strongly discouraged by tutors, but many Hollows don't
know any better. Such residue has lead members of the
Technocracy to many Hollow One hang-outs.]

Lecherous Kiss (** Mind, ¢¢ Life, ¢* Prime)

Howard "Rex" MacNesh practiced this rote while
travelling the world in search of the perfect tutor. In his
Awakened state, he quickly realized that he could easily
augment his already proficient seduction skills. "Rex" stud-
ied pheromonal releases in humans. With practice, he was
able to produce a pheromonal chemical on his lips that
would amplify his own pheromones and increase the im-
pact of the endocrine that he was releasing within the
targets' minds.

[This rote is utilized to stimulate an individual into a
state in which he will accept sexual advances or will make
sexual advances himself. Using the second Sphere of Mind,
the mage sways his or her target into thinking sexually. The
second Sphere of Prime fuels the work done by the second
Sphere of Life, producing both endocrine within the target's
mind and a pheromonal ‘compound on the caster' s lips. A
kiss seals the Effect.]
Pen 1 Dreadf

eooe Matter, ©

[Time 2.allows oe eh "life"
of her focus. Fhe Third Rank of Matter reshapes old
articles, while the Forth- recreates‘them entirely. Prime
fuels the created pattern.]

Order of Hermes

Unseen Nomenclature (¢* Mind,
ee Prime)

The Order of Hermes used this rote to disguise most of
their teachings during the Inquisition. It allows informa-
tion to be implanted into a text in an non-alphanumeric
form. This rote is usually employed to impregnate the pages
of a book with information in a non-standard order.

For example, a mage wants to implant a message into
a book so that others won't happen upon it. She uses the

142 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

°° Matter,

imal level. If someone
ing the impulse, she
may not recogni
messages tend to,

figure out how to
they fail a Wits + Intell

Unraveling the Tex
¢° Prime)

This rote makes it impossible to read a book. No matter
how hard the individual tries to concentrate on the words,
the words themselves will not allow the information to be
transmitted into the reader's brain.

[This forces a person reading a text to start jumping
around the page instead of being able to read it normally.
This can be very frustrating to the reader. Most people will
stop reading the book altogether. Ifa mage realizes what is
going on, she can take magickal steps to thwart the rote in
order to understand the written words.]

Sons of Ether

Jury Rig (¢* Matter, ¢¢ Prime, ¢ * Correspondence,
* Mind)

Ruf Argonholf was an Orphan who could fix machin-
ery without taking it apart. By sensing inside the machinery,
he could fix the problems by use of his mental powers alone.
It wasn't long before members of the Sons of Ether ap-
proached him and asked him to join in their scientific
experiments. This rote was too much for the Sons of Ether
to pass up and was added to their tutoring manuals for new
initiates.

[A successful Wits + Repair or Intelligence + Science
roll must be made versus the state of the machine's damage.
The number of success required depends on the condition
of the machine:

© 10 — Totally smashed (vulgar magick required)

© 8 — Obvious damage that should stop the machine
from operating

© 6 — Outside of the machine looks fine

Entropy, °° Matter,


¢ 4 — Electronics that can't be checked for actual
functioning just by looking (i.e. computer chips, diodes and
batteries.)

[The Son of Ether can temporarily (for the duration of
the rote) return a machine to a functioning condition by
analyzing the damage and magickally mending the Pat-

terns that are damaged, disconnected or completely missing. "i

First, the mage uses the Sphere of Correspondence to look
inside of the machine. His innate scientific or repair skills
are then augmented by the Mind Sphere. Lastly, Prime
fuels Matter to repair or to replace any damage to the
machine. When the duration of the rote expires, the
machine returns to its previously broken state.]

Supporting the Brain (¢ Life, ¢¢ Matter,
¢e Mind, ¢¢ Prime)

Great scientists throughout the ages have struggled to
extend the lifespan of humanity. The Sons of Ether often
try to transplant the brain into another body— human,
composite human, cyborg or robot. Some means of support-
ing the brain after death had to be created.

Doctor Gustov Finney created of the newest version of
this rote. Having successfully lecapitated a Man in Black,
Dr. Finney was Have. with len bolt of enlightenment.

Me sawed dpen the skull aN

geyes andi me
into a rap

rical current running

there is no decomposi-

ain is placed within its "new

ae 2 Both of these Spheres require the use of Quintes-

sence to accomplish their tasks; the Sphere of Prime is
necessary to insure the success of his rote.

[Mind magick is used to stimulate the subject's will to
live. This urge is subconscious; it is extremely hard for a
person to fight against such a primal brain function. Of
course, if you're a mage, there's always magick...]

Verbena

Shadows in the Mist (¢¢ Forces, ¢ Spirit)

Within any quantity of mist, fog or smoke (such as
from a bunch of herbs thrown in a charcoal brazier, or a
bundle of incense sticks lit at once), Verbena mages can
manipulate the vapors to conform to the shapes of objects

ae

it is possible to creat

Spirit Wounding

This ancient fey rote all a Verbena to translate
physical matter into spiritual matter without entering the
Umbra. War-witches use the rote to inflict psychic wounds
which cause traumatic Pattern leakage at the same rate as
normal physical wounds. The advantage of such wounds is
that once arrowheads or poisons lodge in a person's spirit,
they will not heal unless a physician can see and reach into
the Umbra to remove them.

[The Fabricate Spirit Effect allows the mage to gather
and solidify spirit energies, while Matter magick grants this
spirit-form shape. A mage reaching into the Umbra may
remove such missiles with ease.]

Virtual Adepts

Adrenal Rush (¢¢¢ Life, ¢* Prime)

No one is sure who was the first to realize that the
Adrenal Rush from playing video games could be utilized as
a rote to hype an individual, but the Effect is known to
many Sleepers as well. This rote is considered coincidental
magick.

The Virtual Adept merely begins playing a video
game. Within a short amount of time, her body begins to
secrete hormones and chemicals that not only increase the
body's alertness and energy, but also flush toxins from the
mage's system.

Some Virtual Adepts believe that this state is achieved
by locking into the Net and allowing the pristine nature of
perfectly coded programming to flow through their beings,
locking them deeply into the very core of the subroutines
constantly called upon to carry information. Others be-
lieve they are just excited by the thrill of destroying things
without the fear of death getting in the way.

[This rote allows the Adept to refresh his body and
cleanse it of all toxins. Any poisons, foreign chemicals,
diseases or viruses within the mage's body are flushed out
through his sweat glands. With three successes, the Adept
also gains an additional dot of Stamina, Strength and
Alertness for the duration of the rote. The Life Sphere
stimulates the body to release the necessary by-products
and purify the body, while Prime fuels the reweaving of the
Pattern.]

Book Four: The Magick Toybox 143


Override Signal (¢¢ Forces, or sometimes ¢*¢¢
Life)

The Men in Black were signaling for back-ups. Ken
Javlin was wedged into a tight spot. Using his laptop, Ken
sent out a narrow beam signal from his wireless modem to
jam the MIBs' call. Once he was sure that the MIBs would
be unable to call in support troops, he called in the rest of
his cabal. The MIBs were easily killed by the group of
novice mages, as they were unaccustomed to being cut off
from their organiza

mage's familiarity with the, sort of. i aie being used:
¢ 10— Alien
© 8 — Heard about it onde
¢ 6 — Seen it work before
¢ 4— "Have one right here"

[An Intelligence + Computer roll may be substituted if
the target device is a computer. An Intelligence + Medi-
cine roll may be exchanged when attempting tojam medical
equipment (or people). Roll Intelligence + Science if the
rote is applied against scientific research equipment.

[Once the basic knowledge is discovered, a casting roll
determines the degree of success (of course).]

General Rotes

We lift and we keep turning

the same few figures;

we can almost understand

why they don't perish—

but we're meant only

more deeply and wonderingly

to cling to what once was

and smile: a bit more clearly

perhaps than a year before.

— Rainer Rilke, "Tanagra"

Ariadne's Thread (¢ Mind, ¢ Correspondence)

Virtual Adepts have made the most recent use of this
ancient rote, whereby a mage may fix any particular spatial

144 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide


location in her mind, then play out a mental line, memo-
tizing her progression through space. A mage can thus
memorize the pattern of any maze, labyrinth, freeway
interchange or virtual reality flowchart sequencing rou-
tine. Landmarks may change on the way back, of course,
and roadblocks may be erected, but the mage will not be
confused by any illusions or detours off the beaten path.

[Used in conjunction with the Seven League Stride,
Ariadne's Thread guarantees a return to one's previous
location with even the slightest degree of success, although
there are Effects to counter this...]

Detect the Dream Gateway (* Correspondence, ¢
Spirit)

Dreamspeakers use this rote to inspect their immediate
vicinity for spots where the gauntlet is weaker. This is
especially important in the innercity, where a Dreamspeaker
may detect that the archway of the Public Library (built by
Masons) has a gauntlet of 3, compared to the 5 of the
surrounding blight, while the jungle gym in suburban park
may have a gauntlet of 2 in one particular corner. This is
not so much a rote as it is a roll of Perception + Awareness
to notice such features. However, a casting roll is still
required to augment the mage's awareness.

Prime Location (¢ or ¢ ® Correspondence, * Prime)

The old joke in real estate is that the three most
important selling points of a house are location, location
and location. Mages know about the importance of loca-
tions, as the most valuable spots in any area are the focal
points of magical energy called Nodes. Just as the temporal
junctures often coalesce at times of transition and at the
midpoints of certain cycles, Nodes tend to appear at borders
and centers. The edge of a forest may have one, the middle
another. The deepest part of the deep blue sea has a third,
while a far more accessible spot forms at the constantly
shifting shoreline. Generally speaking, they occur in the
center and at the transition of the elements.

In Oregon, one of the most spectacular sights (and
sites) is Multnomah Falls. Behind the curtain of the falls is
agrotto, and in the center, just above the line of the water,
isan altar-shaped stone. If you were to stand on the stone,
the wind would blow spray through the curtain of the falls
into your face, while the mountain would be directly over
your head. It is an ancient sacred site, the meeting of water,
wind and earth. The Node is there, despite the tourists, few
of whom know or care enough to find the spot. The point
of transition forms the Node, the intersection of lines of
magical force.

Western lore refers to these paths of energy as ley lines,
while Eastern traditions refer to them as Dragon Paths. Yin
paths follow the course of valleys and the low places on the
ground, while Yang paths follow the courses of mountains
and hills. A mountain pass between two valleys would
contain a prime Node, though the exact location would
depend on minor geological features. Mountain passes are

also areas of high wind and geological activity (which is
formed by fault lines).

Nodes, however, shift, as do the elements, and human
handiwork can affect a change in a Node's position. For
example, some of the most magically charged sites are
crossroads. Folklore tells us that ghosts, devils, vampires
and witches all travel to crossroads for power (especially at
the juncture of midnight). The power is obvious and the
Node at a crossroad is well-marked. The psychic energy
and stresses involved with the road keeps the existing ley
lines fixed in place, or causes new ones to form (or old ones
to shift). The excess energy Prime Force collects at the
crossroads, forming the Node.

[By use of the Prime Location rote, mages may find the
precise spot of a Node, and may roll Perception + Aware-
ness to notice spontaneously created Nodes if they appear.]

Burn Out (¢¢ Forces, ¢ Entropy )

By randomly locating the most delicate part of an
electric circuit or IC chip, the mage can surgically create
and direct a small energy surge and cause the device to fail
without totally destroying the whole device. This disrupts
the device's function for one turn per success. (Note that
technomagickal devices typically have an Arete or
countermagick to resist this.)

Hallmark (¢¢ Mind, * Prime)

A mage's magicks are as distinctive as his handwriting
or fingerprints. With this rote, a mage may examine a
magickal working and gain insights into the personality
and identity of the mage who made it, including the
techniques and affiliation of the caster. With a roll of
Perception + Awareness, he may attempt to match it to
other magical workings or auras of mages he knows. Some-
times this is very easy, as some mages who know this rote
(typically the Order of Hermes) use it to blazon an elabo-
rate seal at the end ofall their workings. Such hallmarks are
visible to those looking with only the first dot of Prime,
though it requires Mind to detect the personality behind
the magic. Hollow Ones refer to this technique as "tagging"
and sometimes scrawl psychic graffiti over things for sheer
amusement value. Such seals and tagging are easily visible
from the Umbra.

[Ifa mage wishes to conceal his identity as the author
of any particular Effect, he may roll Wits + Subterfuge
versus the difficulty of the Effect being attempted. Partial
successes will leave an indeterminate or smudged hallmark.
Ifa mage wishes to forge the hallmark of another mage, he
should roll Manipulation + Expression at the difficulty of
the Effect being cast, with additional penalties for forging
the impressions of mages he is unfamiliar with or the
techniques of other Traditions. The Verbena and the
Virtual Adepts use very different methods, and the style of
magickal handwriting is equally distinct.]

Pixie Lead (¢¢¢ Mind, © Correspondence)

This rote changes a subject's perceptions such that he
easily gets lost, following one path while perceiving an-

Book Four: The Magick Toybox 145


eS =

Nal le SS

|

Foe awsome UI

STR

Yj

The Book of Shadows: Th

Vila

e Mage Play

ers Gi:

other in his mind. This is particularly useful when confus-
ing pursuit ina large city, where wrong turns are acommon
occurrence. Virtual Adepts use a similar routine, called
Confuse Pointer File, relabeling any given path to the
point where the subject becomes hopelessly lost.

Talons (¢¢¢ Life, ¢* Matter, * Prime)

The origins of this rote have been lost to antiquity; its
popularity with Euthanatos, Verbena and Akashic Broth-
ers can not be denied, and Iteration X uses a variant of it in
their cybernetic enhancement programs. The mage in
question extends the bones in her fingers through the skin,
hardens them into steel-like claws, and fuels the resulting
blades with Prime energy. The result, a gauntlet of blazing
blades, is highly vulgar, but very effective ina knock-down
drag-out fight.

[The claws enable the mage to do her Strength+2 in
aggravated damage, with a difficulty of 6 on rolls to hit. The
claws last for two turns per success scored and drain one
Quintessence from the mage's supply with each successful
strike.]

Pygmalion's Paradigm (¢¢ © Matter, °¢® Life, ¢#
Prime, ¢¢ Spirit)

This rote was supposedly developed by the ancient
mage, Pygmalion, in an effort to create another being who
would understand his bizarre conception of Reality. Work-
ing with ivory and gold, Pygmalion transformed matter
into a receptive vessel for a spirit-being. The result of
Pygmalion's experiment was the familiar he called Galatea
(see Book Three for rules detailing familiars).

Pygmalion is said to have originally intended to create
a whole community of such familiars, but became so jeal-
ously protective of Galatea that he could not bear the
thought of any other creature distracting him from the
profound link with Galatea. Some mages, however, main-
tain that Galatea soon became the dominant personality in
the relationship, and simply told Pygmalion she would
leave if he created another golem. These mages also insist
that Pygmalion went into a state of deepest Quiet when
Galatea eventually tired of this reality. The truth is a
matter for debate, but legend claims Pygmalion became
extraordinarily powerful following Galatea's creation.

[The number of successes determines the maximum
familiar power level the prepared body is capable of hold-
ing. The mage is still limited by his own capabilities to
attract a powerful familiar, however. To create a familiar
out of living flesh, see the Life Sphere description (Mage,
pg. 197-201).]

The Poison Maiden (¢¢¢e Life)

The Euthanatos pioneered this rote as one of the most
insidious forms of assassination. After conferring immu-
nity to a particular poison, the mage then infuses the
subject with the toxin, so much that it sweats from her
pores and comes out with each breath. This lasts for a
number of months equal to the successes; five or more

successes make it permanent. While the maiden given to


Alexander the Great is the classic example, the subject
needn't bea maiden, and the poison needn't be belladonna,
although the Hollow Ones who have learned this rote find
it stylish.

Song of Orpheus (¢¢¢¢ or ¢¢¢¢¢ Life, °* Matter,
°° Prime, ¢* Time, ¢ Spirit)

Dreamspeakers tell of Orpheus, who so loved his wife
Eurydice that he journeyed to the underworld to bring her
back. Orpheus failed, but other mages have succeeded in
this Effect. The mage must have the body on hand, restore
the fragmented pattern, revivify the corpse and summon
the spirit back to its mortal shell. However, if the death was
not recent, it may be difficult to contact the spirit, and the
mage may only succeed in restoring the body, but not
returning the soul.

[With the very recently dead (those still recognizable
and without missing parts), Prime is unnecessary, while
those mages who wish to give a nasty (or wonderful)
surprise to a vampire have found no need for the Sphere of
Spirit, as a vampire's spirit is already there to revivify the
corpse (unless it has been sold or stolen...). The Sphere of
Time is needed only if the body is missing, in which case the
fifth level of Life must be used, while the second level of
Matter is made unnecessary. The difficulty of this rote often
depends more upon the circumstances than on the Spheres
used. Also note that the revivification might not be perma-
nent. Storytellers can, and should, make this rote as difficult
as they like.

[Entire Chronicles can be based on attempting to use
this rote successfully. After all, there are forces that attack
mages who attempt such impudent magicks, and there can
be very severe or bizarre consequences for mages who fail.
(Remember the Monkey's Paw?)]

Call Forth the Forgotten: (¢
¢¢ Spirit)

This rote was created originally by the Marauders, but
has since gained a certain popularity among the Tradition
mages. Call Forth the Forgotten allows a mage to summon.
forth a creature of myth. While the beast is likely to be
grateful for the summons, the mage has no control over the
mythic creature, save deciding what type of creature ap-
pears.

° Life, ¢¢ Prime,

While there is a obvious risk involving Paradox, the
mages have learned that summoning a dragon into this
reality while fighting the Technocracy is likely to at least
buy the mage time to escape while the Technocracy tries to
restore order. Each success on the roll allows the summoned
creature to maintain its tenuous hold on reality for one
turn.

[Spirit magick summons the (hopefully!) appropriate
spirit from the Umbra while the Life and Prime Spheres
build the spirit a body to inhabit. Without Forces or other
Spheres, the creature has only physical powers. A dragon,
forexample, could not fly or breathe fire without additional
magicks.]

Do Rotes

Tf one seeks to unravel his sensation from the mesh in which
it lies caught, he will find the charm of the thing to consist, I
think, in energetic rhythm.

— Percival Lowell, Occult Japan

Although the Akashic Brothers are the only modern
practitioners of Do in its original form, legend relates that
once all people, Sleepers and Awakened alike, practiced
Do— not as some specialized meditative art, but simply as
the Way in which they lived their lives. This could be
considered the Mythic Age of Asia. The heroes of these
ages demonstrate feats not only of martial prowess, but of
physical and mental superheroics which could only be
considered magickal in this day and age. Though this is
generally attributed to practice of Do, the fabric of reality
remains far more mutable in the Orient. The Western ideas
of the Technocracy came late to this part of the world,
although their foundations can be found in the perfection
ethics of Chinese philosophy.

Miraculous powers have been attributed to martial art
masters. Tales of their feats have passed through history
virtually unaltered and unexaggerated, preserved in litera-
ture, dance, and most notably, in the evolution of Chinese
street opera into the modern martial arts movie. Although
western audiences tend to consider these films absurd, they
may be taken as accurate representations of what an ad-
vanced Akashic Brother may be capable of in combat.

The magickal Effects below can be used only with
certain Do maneuvers. Unlike special maneuvers (Book
Three), these powers are True Magick, and are subject to
the usual rules of Quintessence and Paradox. Most are
extremely vulgar, but quite traditional. Depending on the
circumstances, the Storyteller may consider many flam-
boyant Effects coincidental if the setting is appropriate (a
martial arts tournament, remote Chinese village, late-
night movie house, etc.).

Dragon Fist (¢¢¢ Life, ¢¢ Prime, sometimes °°
Forces) b

Required Maneuver: Punch or Kick

This rote is credited to Slayer D, who stood resolute
against a plague of vampires that swept across his lands.
Realizing that his Do skills did little lasting harm to the
undead, Slayer D focused his Chi into his hands and feet,
making them blaze with concentrated power which burned
the screaming bloodsuckers.

[By channeling Prime Chi behind his blows, the mage
may do aggravated damage with his Do attacks. A variant
on this technique causes the mage's fists to literally burst
into flame, burning his target, but not himself. This vulgar
attack allows the mage to add an extra die to his damage.
Both attacks expend one Quintessence for every blow that
lands, as the energy discharges against the target.]

Book Four: The Magick Toybox 147


Screech of the Owl (¢** Mind, ¢*¢¢ Entropy)
Required Maneuver: Kiai

Much of the philosophy of martial arts involves avoid-
ing physical conflict altogether, and few have embodied
this principle better than Nichiba, who walked through
thirty-six battles and seventy-two personal challenges with-
out ever striking a blow.

[By augmenting his Chi in this way, the Brother can
psychologically stun a number of opponents equal to his
Stamina + Intimidation, rendering them incapable of ac-
tion for a number of turns equal to his successes.]

Piercing Cry (°° ¢ Matter, 9¢¢ Entropy)

Required Maneuver: Kiai

Folktales tell of Cheng Sa, The Avenging Woodcut-
ter, who would offer to split logs in exchange for millet,
then carry the wood into the forest and emit a series of
piercing cries. Afterward, the assembled crowd would mar-
vel at the stacked cordwood and wonder how he did it all
without an axe.

{By augmenting his Chi in this way, the Brother can
shatter objects. All objects are not affected equally; double
the successes of the magickal effect roll to determine the
effective Strength toshatter. One success allows the Brother
to break glass, while three or four may be needed to crack
a wall or heavy door.]

148 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Long Fist (¢¢ © ¢ Correspondence, ¢¢ Prime)
Required Maneuver: Punch

A punch is no longer merely the impact which can be
delivered at arm's length, but may be projected through
space beyond the body's limits. Astute military scholars
have noted that the Shaolin Monastery did not fall to the
Manchuarmy until General Kwai Chien ordered his troops
to attack in a staggered formation instead of their tradi-
tional straight-line marching order.

[By channeling her Chi force into her punch, the
Brother can strike one additional target per success. This
rote does normal Force damage (successes times 3), not the
Brother's usual punch damage. Long Fist may also be used
to punch a target at a distance (range equals 3 yards per
level of Do), or to punch "through" an intervening object
or person, such as walls, car doors, loved ones, etc., without
disturbing it/them (+2 difficulty). The punch can only
travel ina straight line, so multiple targets must be situated
directly behind one another.]

Flying Dragon Kick (*¢¢* Forces, ® Correspon-
dence)

Required Maneuver: Flying Kick

The Stone Sutra relates that Yu Fong initiated this
maneuver from his monastery in the Himalayas to success-
fully attract the attention of Wao Mu Ling when that
venerable hermit did emerge from the Thrang grotto at


Mount Taishan, over one hundred and eight miles away,
for his yearly sip of water and breath of air. This may, of
course, be a slight exaggeration...

[The Brother leaps into the air for a normal leaping
kick, and remains in flight until target is reached, even if it

Talismans

involves several minutes of cross-country travel, so long as
the target was in sight when the kick began and the mage
travels in a straight line. Damage is equal to the number of
successes times 3. Yes, this is vulgar as hell.]

Shout, if you will, but that just won't do.
I, for one, would rather follow softer options
—Jethro Tull, "Flying Colours"
The Talismans given here are built ac-
cording to the new rules given in Book Three.
HAY The Quintessence amounts listed are the
Talismans may have much less. Storytellers
are advised to tread lightly with Talismans;
remember that they are tied to specific Effects, not to
general Sphere magicks. Players are advised to use Talis-
mans as storytelling devices, not world-destroyers.

Talismans are much more than "rotes-in-a-box"; they
are objects imbued with the Prime essence of creation and
shaped by sculpted reality. They are not common, even
among the Technocracy. Mages respect Talismans as the
product of hard work, vision and power. These magickal
tools are never treated lightly.

The numbers of dots refer to a general ranking of the
Talisman's power, not the total point cost for owning one.
Storytellers who wish to calculate the point cost of a
Talisman are referred to pg. 110 of Book Three.

°¢ Golden Walnut

Arete 3, Quintessence 10

This Talisman is a large walnut with a rich amber
coloring that shines in strong lighting. When a mage grasps
the walnut tightly in her hand and focuses her will upon an
individual plant, she can call upon the powers of life to
extrapolate the growth mechanism of that plant.

The surface areas of the plant, most notably leaves and
roots, become gorged with Quintessence, and are able to
draw in nutrients much faster than normally possible. Cells
replicate at a greatly increased speed.

The Verbena tend to utilize Golden Walnuts the
morning or evening before mystick ceremonies to insure
that flowering plants are in bloom. They also call upon
these Talismans' powers to make plants yield greater har-
vests, increasing both the number of successful blooms and
the size of the individual fruits, vegetables, etc. A mage
focusing his will for a matter of minutes can cause a seed to
sprout, pass through the dangerous "days" of seedling growth
and strengthen into a healthy plant that will surely reach
adulthood. Trees can be made to sprout new branches, and
fast growing plants like bamboo can be made to grow
several feet nearly instantly.

ee Lycanthroscope

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

The Lycanthroscope was created to track down
werewolves, more politely termed "Garou." Using the
Spheres of Life and Spirit to look for known traits of
werewolves, the Lycanthroscope shows higher readings in
the general direction of the nearest werewolf. There is a
meter on the box witha needle that indicates intensity and
a flashing light that warns as the scientist gets dangerously
close to the Garou in question. Variants exist for detecting
vampires, wraiths and faeries.

[This device allows an additional + 2 dice to any
Perception + Awareness rolls used to detect the being in
question.]

¢¢ Prayer Beads

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

The Akashic Brotherhood are known most for their
devastating martial arts and superior powers of the mind.
Yet the Brotherhood has always been an organization of
peace. Throughout history, Adepts of the Akashic Broth-
ethood have worn such Talismans in order to keep peace
around them.

The Prayer Beads generate peace by radiating thoughts
of serenity; this is the second rank of the Mind Sphere at
work projecting thoughts into other peoples' minds. While
the Brother clutches the beads, he is also able to sense all
animal life in the surrounding area via the Life Sphere. If
the Brother ceases all motion, most animals will leave him
completely alone (though a hungry tiger will not be turned
away!). The Brotherhood wishes everyone to go through
their natural flow, but causing someone to be peaceful is a
better alternative than using Do to soundly trounce some-
one or something into non-aggression.

°° Cord of Three Winds

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

With this traditional Verbena magick, a particular
specialist, called a "storm wife," uses a teakettle in place of
a cauldron and whistles up a wind, binding a wind spirit
intoa knotted cord. When the cord is undone, the spirit is
released and will blow a wind from whatever direction the
mage summons. Traditionally, these cords will have three
knots, the first holding a gentle west wind, the second
holdinga stronger east wind, and the third holding a furious
north wind.

Book Four: The Magick Toybox 149


eee Fan of Kang Wu

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

An avid warrior-mage, Kang Wu, had a terrible repu-
tation as a troublemaker. In order to conceal his weaponry,
Kang Wu had a Talisman crafted to suit his needs.

This simple-looking silk fan has the power of the third
rank of the Sphere of Matter. Through the use of the
Sculpture Effect, Kang Wu was able to convert the fan into
any melee weapon he could imagine. In addition, the fan
has the power of the second rank of the Sphere of Force; the
fan can become magnetically attractive or repulsive. The
fan's final property is to sense Quintessence with the first
rank of the Sphere of Prime.

During long sustained battles, Kang Wu would not
only convert the fan from one weapon into another, but
would also utilize it to find out what items the enemy mage
possessed that were filled with Quintessence (Talisman,
fetishes, Tass, etc.). Once located, Kang Wu would proceed
to remove these objects from the opponent. He defeated
many an unwary mage in this manner.

¢e Glasses of Speed Reading

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

Wear this Talisman while reading and immediately
begin to absorb information. The mind is rocked with the
impulse to memorize, information is dumped into the brain
paragraph by paragraph rather than word for word, and
time is dilated so an entire book can be read in next to no
time.

Size of the book and the level of complexity of infor-
mation will rate the difficulty for comprehension and
length of time necessary to "read" the text.

eee Herbal Plaster of the Ancients

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

These specially-treated pieces of cloth were developed
by the Akashic Brotherhood to heal themselves quickly in
times of dire emergency. The Talisman is activated as it is
applied directly onto a wound. First, the Plaster analyzes
the wounded area and figures out what needs to be done to
cure the problem. Next, the Sphere of Prime channels
energy into the wounded area. As the wound begins to
coalesce with Quintessence, Life is used again to realign the
person's Life Pattern to its natural state.

Master Remote

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

This Talisman is created to run any type of machinery
that can be activated by remote control. The Talisman
locates the method of information transmission— electri-
cal, electromagnetic, etc.— and creates signals to activate
the device.

The lettering on the top of the remote mutates as the
Talisman is activated to label every function available on
the accessed device.

¢¢e Tonics and Potions

Arete n/a, Quintessence n/a

150 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

These herbal or alchemical mixtures have a variety of
Effects, useful for one use each. The most common are
medicines which prevent one disease or another. More
useful are those which cure diseases. There are also tonics
that raise attributes temporarily. Most, for safety's sake,
contain coincidental magical Effects, as these elixirs may
be used by Sleepers as well as the Awakened. One Life
Effect, up to the third Rank, can be contained within a
potion.

eee Wolf Link

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

The Talisman allows the mage take on the form of a
wolf. As her Life Pattern is modulated to become a wolf, so
too are her thought processes. This Effect will trick wolves
and unwary Kindred or Garou as the mage is, for all
practical purposes, a wolf. The Talisman blends in with the
wolf-form during transformation; however, no clothing or
other items will be transformed along with the mage.

eeee Carte Blanche

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

This is one of the most prized Talismans of the Virtual
Adepts, though similar objects have been made by other
Traditions down through the ages. The Carte Blanche is a
small white credit card blank with a magnetic strip on the
back. When inserted into any cash machine, pay point,
electronic lock or such, it will act as a skeleton key, prompt
the machine to greet John or Jane Doe, give him or her
whatever cash is available, up to the regular transaction
limit, or whatever access is usually permissible, and then
erase the operation from the machine's log.

When given to a living being, Carte Blanche will
appear as a driver's license, library card, or whatever form
of identification the recipient expects, showing the name
of whoever the mage says he or she is. Carte Blanche itself
has an Arcane of 5 for purposes of people remembering the
name on it, though it will not protect the mage's face.
Spending one point of Quintessence will allow the card to
function for a scene.

eeee Hand of Glory

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

One of the most celebrated of medieval Talismans, the
Hand of Glory is also among the most potent. The
Talisman is a mummified hand that has been taken froma
hanged man and then soaked in various herbs, resins and
the fat of a murdered man. The Hand is lit while the
following charm is said: "Hand of Glory, Hand of Glory!
Let those who are asleep, be asleep. Let those who are
awake, be awake." The Hand then becomesa five-fingered
candelabra of blue flame; the light thus shed highlights
passages of magickal works being studied, while keeping
the mage from falling asleep during such dry reading, and
preventing the waking (and subsequent interruptions) of
others in the same house who might be disturbed by
midnight chantings.


The last Effect of the Hand of Glory is, however, the
most famous and potent: any whosee the burning hand will
be paralyzed by fascination until the view is obscured or the
Hand is extinguished. Mages, vampires and other Awak-
ened creatures may spend a Willpower point to break this
fascination, but regular mortals are snared by the Hand's
magical light. The only substance which will extinguish
this grisly Talisman once it's lit is milk. (The symbolism of
this can be explained by the Verbena and Nephandi who
create these artifacts.)

oo

¢ Nine-Dragon Tattoos

Arete 5, Quintessence 30

Developed by the Akashic Brotherhood (with varia-
tions by the Cult of Ecstasy and Dreamspeakers), this
Talisman is formed and endowed with its power directly on
the surface ofan Adept'sskin through a mystickal tattooing
process known to a chosen few. Though rumor has it that
the tattoos still possess their power after a Brother's death,
few would dare offend the Akashic Brotherhood by at-
tempting to use the skin of a Brother as a Talisman.

As the tattooing inks are impregnated into the Brother's
skin, the Patterns that make up the powers inherent in
specific Spheres of magick are woven into the individual's
flesh. These tattoos are not stagnant, but move about the
body in very slow repetitive sequences when activated.

The tattoos work to sense life in the general surround-
ings, whether it is in the physical Realm by means of the
Life Sphere or in the Umbra by the Sphere of Spirit. The
three tattoos of red dragons make their way to the Brother's
arms and face. The dragons, now emblazoned on each
forearm, begin to roar and flick their tongues out in the
direction of sensed life forms. If the sensed creature is
within the Realm, the dragons' wings are held tight against
the body. If the creature is within the Umbra, the dragon
will unfurl its wings. Typically, the dragon on the right arm
tesponds to the Tellurian Realm, while the one on the left
tesponds to the Umbra.

The green dragon tattoos help the Brother to maintain
order about himself by lowering the rate of Entropy in the
surrounding area. One green dragon dominates the Brother's
back with wings outstretched, while the second likewise
fills the chest. The third green dragon darts about the body
and spits out fire at any source of entropy. The Brother
merely outstretches his arm toward Entropic events, and
the third green dragon's use of the Sphere of Entropy will
increase the amount of order present (Control Random-
ness).

The three white dragon tattoos function to open a
gateway into the Umbra through which the Brother can
pass. These dragons possess the knowledge of the third rank
of the Spirit Sphere and enable the Brother to step into the
Umbra once they have migrated as a group onto the
Brother's chest. With their tails wrapped together and
claws extended, they slowly shred their way through the
Gauntlet and into the Umbra.

151


eeee Thought Transference Device

Arete 6, Quintessence 30

This large Talisman takes up about half a room. It has
two large seats and metal caps that fit over the two subjects'
heads. As the Talisman is activated, the brains of the two
subjects are literally teleported via the Correspondence
Sphere. The brains are switched. The Life Pattern of each
subject is altered. Even though each subject's brain is in the
other subject's body, each can still function as if he was
familiar with the motions of the other person's body.

Talents are specific to the body in question, soa person
with a low Brawl skill can gain Brawling abilities by putting
his mind into a professional boxer's body. Skills and
Knowledges, however, require use of the mind.

This Effect only lasts for a day before the body will
begin to reject the alien brain.

Silicon Servants

I'm your little friend

I'm not your only friend

But I'm your little glowing friend

But really I'm not actually your friend

But I am...

—They MIGHT Be Giants, "Birdhouse in Your Soul"

These computers exemplify the Trinary computers of
the Virtual Adepts. These computers are unique foci (Mage,

152 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

pg. 179), not Talismans, although magick goes into their
creation. Trinary decks can store downloaded rotes for
quick use later. Normal computers can do this, but only
with rotes of the first or second Sphere. Though other
mages may use Trinary computers, it's fairly difficult (an
additional + 2 to + 4 to difficulties) due to the complexity
of the machines. Virtual Adepts, it should be noted, are
very possessive of their Trinary decks!

Alpha Series: "The First Name in Computers"

Alpha Computing creates Trinary computers for con-
nected Virtual Adepts. Their output, obviously, is quite
low, and prices are high, but their quality is superb. Alpha's
current high-end model, the Alpha IX, hasa Kevlar coating
that allows it to double as an emergency shield and protects
it from most damage. The IX has a built-in modem able to
transmit at speeds well beyond 14.4s. Several gigabytes of
storage space reside in the briefcase-sized machine. Also,
Alphas have multiple processors. Each contains hundreds
of megs of memory, making them able to do amazing multi-
tasking. They also have tremendous processing speeds. The
Alpha IX may read and write CDsas well as access the more
common 5 1/4" and 3 1/2" discs, and can translate every
type of mundane computer language.

An internal power supply allows the Alpha IX to
function for days (or at least until a mage botches his
Computer roll). Several serial ports and built-in connec-


tions let the Alpha interface with nearly any other system.
Alphas also contain full multi-media systems, and have
built-in scanners.

The key reason for Alpha's success is reliability. Al-
phas may run out of power, but they never break down.
Once a mage owns an Alpha, she has a focus forever.

Elite Series: "The Name Says It All"

Second only to Alphas in popularity, the Elite Series
laptops have limited artificial intelligence, and all come
with Net On-Line Packages. As an additional feature, two
knives are hidden on the underside of the computer, so the
Adept is never unarmed.

Elites respond to their user's voice commands and do
not have a traditional keypad. Like the Alphas, they
contain gigabytes of storage space and tremendous memory.
They are also full multi-media machines with the capabil-
ity of doubling as cellular phones. The Elite even contains
its own answering machine. Elites may connect to almost
any interface, and they may read/write any type of storage
device, even CDs. Elites come with headphones and have
a five-CD holder for audio CDs as well.

Asan option, the Storyteller may allow the AI within
an Elite computer to have points in various Knowledges. If
aplayer desires this type of AI, she must spend one Back-
ground point per Knowledge point in the computer. The
points add to the mage's own score, but the mage's total
Knowledge score may not exceed 5.

Elites suffer from only one major drawback: they break
relatively easily. If a mage botches a computer roll while
using an Elite, the machine breaks down. An extended
Intelligence + Technology roll (difficulty 8, 10 successes)
must be made to get it operating again. A botch at any point
onthis roll means that the mage needs at least a day of work

torepair her computer. Nonetheless, Elites remain popular;
some Adepts claim that "if you're good, you don't mind
living on the edge." To get an Elite, potential customers
must perform a service for the Elite Cabal. Some say these
services include terrorist-style attacks on Alpha Comput-
ing.

Grandmaster Computer: "The Key to Knowledge"

The Grandmaster series of computers are probably on
their way out with the Adepts. They are the Trinaries that
aren'tcompletely portable. Grandmasters are barely luggable
machines, weighing around 25 pounds. The machine folds
intoa large briefcase. Some Adepts joke that Grandmasters
also make great bashing weapons.

A Chantry of Virtual Adepts manufactures two types
of Grandmasters: the White Knight and the Grandmaster-
1000. The White Knight has several terabytes of storage
space, making it larger than the Alphas, and it performs
almost all of the same functions as the Alpha IX. Though
it doesn't interface nearly as well with other machines and
doesn't have the Kevlar coating, the White Knight does
contain a fast high-quality color laser printer.

The Grandmaster-1000 has the same features as a
White Knight, with one additional function. Each Grand-
master-1000 containsa level 4 Talisman, a Magickal Macro
Keyboard (Arete 7, Quintessence 30). The user prepares a
magickal Effect and casts it into the board. He then desig-
nates a single key or sequence of keys to press to release the
magick. When the mage uses the stored magicks, then
Paradox is determined.

Sadly, the Grandmaster series has the same breakdown
problems as the Elites. In recent years, some mages have
returned Grandmaster-1000 models because "they weren't
cool enough."

Book Four: The Magick Toybox 153


- =


Book Five:
Parables

Magical systems are highly elaborated metaphors, not
truths... The value of magical metaphors is that through them we
identify ourselves and connect with larger forces... Butif we use
them for glib explanations and cheap categorizations, they
narrow the mind instead of expanding it and reduce experience
to aset of formulas that separate us from each other and our own
power.

— Starhawk, The Spiral Dance

Mage is a game of stories, of trials faced centuries and seem no closer to real answers. Many argue
and choi made. Though elements of these that to quantify such ideas, setting them in stone, would
q tales, like Quintessence or the guiding Ava- press the magickal essence from them, like Void Engineers
tar, remain abstract, the magesdependingon —_ mapping the magick from hidden places. Better, then, to
them feel the force of the indefinable every _delve into concepts like Paradox or the Seeking in fables
day of their lives. and read the lessons between the lines than to try to
Is the Avatar the soul, the mind, the self | hammerthem into dry text. The hard crust of fantasy seems
or something else? Does the Seeking take more nurturing, in the long run, than dry and crumbling
" one into the spirit Realms, the inner self or __ facts.
another reality entirely? Does Quintessence form the foun- Stories provide guideposts to the Path of the Awak-
dations of Life, or does it spring from Life? The most ened. Follow with an open mind and a questing heart.
enlightened mages have wrestled with these questions for


strengthen your character in occasionally, leads
you to think about your own confounded:prin-
ciples when you should be thinking about other
people's necessities.

— Geérge Bernard Shaws Man and Su-
perman is

Mahmet,

For your edification, an excerpt from The Book of
Humours, written by the Hermetic mage Livius (ca. 1352,
my translation) and based loosely in the tradition of the
mediéval animal fable. Even though it is a dated set of
allegories} it contains kernels of truth applicable today;
read this and understand what you face on the Path ahead—

and what you'velleft behind.
j

— Porthos
CHOLERA: The Farmer and the\Mouse
Moral for Apprentices: Hunger for knowledge gnawe
at those meant for the Path, but overzealousness kills those
who indulge. :

Longago, onasmall country farm, liveda mousewhose
only desire in the world was to visit the city. It so happened
that it was early spring, and the farmer, who owned the
farm, was preparing to travel to the city to buy some seed.

As he Saddled the horse, he glithipsed the little mouse si

clambering into a small bag in the back ofthis cart.
"Ho there, little mouse! What be ye a-doing?" c
Squeaked the brave little Mouse, "I am. travellir with
you to the big City, as it appears that you are headed there."
"What be ye a-wanting to find there, Mouse?" asked
the farmer, amused.
The little mouse, his yes sparkling with anticipation,
replied, "The answer to everything. Sutely in the City there
is one who can do justice to my quest, a intend to find

him."

The farmer shook his head. "The journey to the City

_. islong. Isthis Answer worth ‘your family and friends
> here on the farm?" es —

Replied the mouse, "It is worth gilepe and dying for,
Farmer. I would do anything to know'the answer to every-
thingies

"Well," said the farmer, a bit surprised, "I can't promise
ye the Answer, but ye'er welcome to join me if ye carry ye'er
weight."

Th€ mouse perched precariously on the bag. "I will
help you in every way I can!" he eagerly declared.

"Then," said the farmer, "I'll steer the cart, guide us to

the City, and provide us with food along the way if ye will

but scrape the horse's hooves clean o' mud, ensure the cart' 3
axle pins ' r in place, and wax my saddle."

td The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

.. Your pious English habit of: ‘agave the >
world as a moral gymnasium built expressly to"

"That | will, and'more," promised the eager lie ay
mouse, And he got right to work.

When the mouse had finished, »the ars, who: 4 4)
been watching him, said, "Ye havi great deal of talent, ~
Mouse. I'll be happy to have you with me onthe journey
the City," Having said this, he mounted ‘thé hofse-and
dtaptetthe reins. The horse started off at a'Slow tot, a
the cart jolted forward.

The little mouse had never riddefacart before ann ‘was
quite overwhelmed by the feeling of the wind ‘against his
fur. He climbed. to the-very top of the sack, right. near the ~
wall of the cart, and stood on his tiptoes, noséto the breeze. a
Just then, the cart hit a futin the road. .

The mouse, jarred by the bump," fell out of the cart,
straight into a muddy puddle rigl he ‘path. ofthe wheel.
The farmer, hearing the mouse's fri squeak, Eee
back the horse just in time. ott

Cried the farmer, "WI tbe ye a-doing ins that puddle
there, Mouse?" ‘i

Angrily, the sodden Tapse shouted, "You jolted he
cart, and I fell out into this puddle. You should be mére
careful!"

‘Would ye rather ye were back at the farm?" said the
farmer,

"Tike mouse replica in ly, "Indeed not. Yet I would
"rathier have my.hand'at ee i than let you continue to

Ip me into mud:pudldles'in this manner! ie,

"Then yé try, Mouse, and: see how ye faré." The farmer. ©
climbed into thétcart and ested his head:against the sack,
while the mouse climbed atop the hotse's saddle, gathered
the reins, and pulled as-hatd:asshe Gould on them. The
horse, not feeling the slightest tug; blithely, continued to
nibble on the grass. tei

Finally, the motige said tthe facter, "Would you nu ge
on thesereins so we cotild.at least get started?" The farmer
tugged on the reins;.ant ain the mouse and the farfier ~
were off. Pa : 4 e%
After some hota okt ling; the mouse' said; "The

road to the City is much! ger and moreé diffi

ever expeéted, and | am beginhi g to miss my:famil
The farmer laughed. "The path is much longét ae

more difficult than ye suspect even now, Mouse, and Ye'll

‘ miss ye'er family even more. Is the Answer still wo the, |

Pecos?"
Without hesitation, the mouse teplied, "Yes! i ould
not abandon' it for all the families in the world." ~~ |
Some hours later, they came to a hill'where the path."
rapidly descended into a rocky valley. As they began down ~
it, the horse and cart sped up, and the mouse tightened his _

grip on the'teins. Soon, the horse and cart were lurching
down the steep path rather'too quicklyjfor the mouse's


taste. The mouse pulled back the reins, but' the horse
continued just as fast as before. Desperately, he pulled‘on:
the reins, the cart now swaying precariously in the horse's
wake. Then the farmer, who had been sleeping, awoke and
clambered to the front of the cart. Taking the reins, he
slowed the horse just before it came to a large stone in the
toad that would surely have overturned the cart and its
occupants.

"Mouse, did ye not see this steep hill and the stones in
the path?" the farmer asked angtily.

Replied the mouse, "Yes,but the horse would not heed
my. reins."

Said the farther, ""T'isn't the horse's fault, but ye who
have not the ability to handle the horse. I'll take the reins;
and ye'll learn how to guide the horse by watching me."

And sothe farmer did. As for'the wise little mouse, for
the rest of the day, and the rest of the journey, he carefully
watched the farmer, took héed of the path to the City, and
never again complained about who held the reins:

MELANCHOLIA: The Fish in the Pond

Moral for Disciples: Beware three things: your
newfound power, your enemies who know how to use:it
against you, and, most of all, yourself when you discover
that you will never overcome either.

Once, in a deep pond whose waters ran down to the
sea, there lived a fish who could swim faster, farther, and
longer than all of his schoolmates combined. The fish

» bragged grandly of his prowess to his family and friends,

until everyone had grown tired of his boasts. His school-
mates, whom he;had humiliated one too many times,
wanted to kill him, but they dared not do so béfore all the
other fish in the pond.

Thus, one day,'one of the fish's schoolmates said,
"Brother, we do not believe that you can beat us to other
side of the pond. We want you to prove it to us."

Said the fish, "I have beatenvall of you to the other side
of the pond and back again many a time.-Why should I
again, when I know I will win?"

The fish's schoolmates, who had anticipag@d his re-
sponse, replied, "You are right. You are a better swimmer
than all of us combined. Perhaps we,shduld change the
game." —

"Oh?" said the fish, "And how do you proposethe game
should be changed?"

Replied one of the fish's schoolmates, "Do you see the
fly on that reed, just above the water?"

aid the fish, seeing a vague, black speck far
above the surface of the water.

"One of usiwill jump out of the water and catch that fly.
Tobeat him, you will have to jump out just as far or farther."

The'fish, never before having beaten his schoolmates
in this fashion, agreed. His competitor, who was to go first,
swam to the very bottom of the pond, and then shot straight
up, faster and faster, past all the other fish who had gathered

Book Five: Parables

Ves


aroundito watch. And.sure‘enough, the fish's schoolmate
broke through the pond's surface, caught the fly in his
mouth, and then plunged back into'the cool water.

The fish was astounded and jealous. With all the power.
he could muster, he swam straight up, streaming past the
onlookers, and leaped into the warm air. Up aad up he
sailed toward the hot summer sun. Thinking that he had
passed over the top of the reed, with a flick of his tail, he
turned and fell towards the water.

"T will show my schoolmates who is the best swimmer
in the pond, and then they will nevér want to compete
again!" thought the fish.

But instead of landing in*the cool Waiter as he thought
he would, the fish landed hard on the packed earth along
the pond's edge. Unable to breathe} the fish flopped about,
trying to throw himself back into the water,

"Help me!" cried the fish desperatelpsble flopped some
more, and then some more, but no"help arrived. Soon,
gloomy thoughts of death overcame him, and he rested
quietly on the hot earth, tired and ready to die.

After waiting a while, his schoolmates gathered in the
water around the shore. Having suspected that the fish
would juitp so far and so high that he would land on shore,
they gloated, "We are sorry you have proven tous that there
isfio one here so strong and so fast that he can save you. But
you have won."

The fish struggled once again, but, without hope, he
soon'died on the bank of the pond.

158° — The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

PHLEGMA: The Tortoise and His Shell

Moral for Adepts: Catiiig softens you to hard blows,
but if'also gives your lifepurpose.

One morning just before dawn, a wise @ld owl lit upon
a branch near a pond, thinking ita nice place to sleep for
the day. Beneath him, he happened to notice a young
tortoise lying on the cold, leaf-covered ground. At first, the
owl thought the tortoise was asleép, forthe tortoise did not
move at all. But then he began to wonder Why,the tortoise
had not drawn his limbs.into the safety of his shell for they,
evening.

"Perhaps Tortoise isjust resting," thought the old owk:
Then, a few minutes latér, "What if Tortoise is ill?"and
"What if Tortoiseisdéad® The owl could no longer ignore
the Tortoise, andsoe flapped down to land on the ground
beside him.

"Tortoise, are you asleep?""asked the owl.

The tortoise slowly lifted his head to look at the owl.
"No," he replied.

The owl bent over to peer into the tortoise's face.
"Then are you ill?"

"No;*said the tortoise.

"Then, for heaven's sake, what is wrong?" asked the
owl.

The tortoise, unconcerned, slowly lowered his head
back to the ground. "Why should you care?"

"Because | am your neighbor." The owl stamped his
foot. "What is wrong?"


Looking out at the pond, which was just beginning to
ice over with the fall's chill touchy the tortoise replied, "If
you care to know, Owl, then I will téll you. Snake is-a
powerful enemy, and he has killed my entire family and all
my friends. I am the only tortoise left in this pond."

The owl was taken aback. "Why do you sit here'

exposed if Snake is so dangerous?" he asked:

The tortoise snorted. "Because I don't care if he kills
me— I have nothing left to live for."

"Of course you do," the Owl encouraged. "You must
work'to improve the pond. by tidding it of Snake. You must
temember your friends and family who have died."

Said thé tortoise,"But how can I when I do not care to
live?"

The owl thought for a moment, then replied, "I know
of a way, but you will have to trust me."

The tortoise yawned. "Do what you will. Ido not care."

Said the owl, "Thenjbmust ask you to crawl out of your
shell."

The tortoise blinked: "Out of my shell? Why?"

"Ah, Tortoise," said the owl, "you do cate what be
comes of your hide. Don't worry— 1 only mean to carry you
above the pond so that you can see where Snake lies.".

The tortoise thought aboutithe owl's offer, then slug-
gishly emerged from the warmth of his shell into the frigid
dawn air. "We had better find Snake," warned the tortoise.

"Don't worry," said the wise old owl, "you will spot your
enemy immediately." With that, he caught the tortoise in

his talons anid, took off. Slowly, he flapped his great white
wings and lifted them/above the trees and aboye the pond.
As they flew, the sun rose and the air warmed.

The tortoise looked down at the tiny pond and his
tinier shell, abandoned, far below him and suddenly felt
relieved of agreat burden. "Owl," said he; "how.can lever
thank you?"

Replied the sage owl, "Live like an owl, withoht your
shell, for then you will remain strong, independent, and
free of earthly burdens. Secondly, pursue your purpose, for
then you will have reason to remain so."

The owl descended from the heightS and put the
tortoise back on the ground. Said the owl, "Did you spot
your enemy?"

Then the tortoise realized that the view had been so,
beautiful that he had forgotten tolook for Snake. "Truly,"
said he, "thejonly thing aside from thépond'and the trees
I remember seeing was my shell."

"Then," said the wise old owl, "you spéttéd your
enemy."

SANGUIS: The Lion and the Mouse

Moral for Masters: Master hope, even in the midst of
lost freedom, and a commitment to truth, and you will
master your own life.

It issaid that many years ago, there wasa lion who lived
the worrisome life‘of king of the jungle. While he had few

Book Five: Parables 159

lable to show hi

animals were envious of him, for itseemed that the lion

freedom to live his life-as he chose.

The lion, however, felt that he had little; ahcalee Ee

over which he presided was Corrupt. He had searchedlong
and hard for happiness: he had bullied,others, but that had

only created enemies. He had tried to occupy his mind "

through study, but found theory dry. He tried to make
friends, but they seemedonly to respect his position.-He

. had to give up family and frignds to find knowledge; when

he found ‘knowledge, he found power; when.he fotind
power, he found enemies; when he found enemies, they
destroyed his family and friends; in fighting his enemies, he
thought he had discovereda Purpose to life, bal levee found
itdark. »
Now, this lion had surrounded himgelbvith i most
learned se jungle, but none of them had-been
what happiness. was.-In fact
same advisors helped him seek happiness and ip!
himsin the same breath. The lion, who once w:
that he would someday find what he sought, was ndEsos sure
anymore. * Ce as
One day, in the heatiof noon, while his advisors were
napping, the lion took.a stroll in his patent andran‘across
a mous t
od day, little mouse," said the lion. "How did' ae
get inside the royal gardens?" iy
"Tam sorry, your Majesty, but I Thad togneak Tiiherei ij
order to firid you," replied the mouse. *
"To find me?" The-lionaughed. "Do you
that these gardens are private? I could have you ki fed."
Replied the brave little mouse, "Oh, please, hear me
out. | have sought your Majesty far and wide, and I beg you
to let me speak. ie +
The lion, who did not intend to kill the mouse, was
amused by the little one's bravery. "Speak on," said he.
"Thank you, Majesty," he said, e little mouse
bowed. "You see, I have sought the A: swver far and wide; I
have travelled from city to'ci ‘have not yet found

what I seek. Now, I was told tHat you w ere knowledgeable
and wise. | had dared to hope that youc fide me to the
City I seek." eee &!

~

=

everything: power over all the animals of the jungleand the ~

5 those without hope would speak such, foolishness, I

€ answer to what, Mouse'?," said theilior
‘Said the mouse, "To life, Sit:" ox
"eee lion chuckled in bitter amgemeni. Said ee:
~ is but a series of failures, each one more desperate than the,
_ last. There is your Answer." .
"Forgive me, Your Majesty, but you areswrong.

confident that there is an Answer, and intend to find)
City that holds it?" sh
The mouse's frankness erent astonished the (2
lion, for he was used to the cajoling lies of court, Said: -
lion, "Mouse, you are quite right. I am sure there" isan 4
Answer. [hesitate to take on the responsibility "of showing.
you the way, bat you have given, me.confidence in our ~
eventual sugcess." _ /
Asked the mouse, "So you i the wah
"If I can, I will indeed,".said the]
Years later, the lion, remembering his wdeaRares with" 3
> -_he'mouse, recalled heteieaber parting. Ranging . far ©
‘across the lion's kingdom, the mouse had not found his city.
Finally, he had taken leave of the lion, who was sullen and
_gloot z

dthe lion, Sfam sorry you must go, Mouse. I know
t there is a City hidden somewhere in this realm,

flow 3
Boctermined 2 fing Tam ‘sorry that you will miss

andl

* "Your "Majesty," lreplied the mouse, == peated
- for'inany months now, and ar weal "long for my.
home." Be as * :
"Seek your home, ¢ Someday you will

return-here and we will'conti @ our seach"

"And will you return'to cot tt?".asked Ouse,

"Court? Heavag ; fio, a ae Court is a distractio
from my$eeking. I rate had a§'much control over iil a
life as Ido now. I na continue this way."
reedom?"

ym? That was not freedom, 4

tl binding me-to my

freedom: yous

‘0 you was the wi

"Do you not niss }

Said the wis lion; "En
friend; those years were @}
indulgence. You have shor 1
me wings, and my responsibili
lifted us."


The improvement se seid mn
two'ends: first, our own increase of ieitlag
second; to enable us to deliver that Knowledge i to
others.

— John Locke

By learning, you will teach; by teaching;
you will learn.

— Latin proverb
§ "You American kids think you Eitay,.
‘everything there is to know about teachers, no? Well, 1
each you a thing or.two."

Mother Francesca clutched her sun medallion ‘and.
Jose her eyes. For several‘long minutes, I shifted uncom-

‘seemed to-shimmer with the heat of the Mediterranean
¢ stiT found myself longing torbe outside, bathing in the
"cool waters of the piazza's fountain:
Slowly,. the Mother opened her eyes and gestured

/ towards the shimmeting walls."Magick is Wonderful study,

no?" Her gaze slid towards me and her eyes hatrowed. "I
| hear you try on your own? E vero?" The accusation' Bn ?
heavily between us.

After a moment, I replied, "Yes, it's true."

fortably on my knees and watched the fragile old woman ~
meditate. The room gradually grew hotter, until the'walls —

re see that ae he no right to tell me Ett
ror not, But before I\could retort, she continued, "T
mother truth; the Chorus keeps you in Roma until
‘arn to be less.a fool. That lesson starts now."

Withia slow, deliberate grace, the old woman lifted her

ands high over her head. As she did, a breeze swept
"through, the room, cooling it, but the walls continued to

shimmer. A shadow ctept-actoss the room like slow molas-
ses. The walls curved in as if were seeing them through a
fisheye | Tens, then:seemied to drop away into a deep black-
ness, Which gradually enveloped me. Still, [ could' see
Mother Francesca sitting as she was before— except that
her rickety wooden' stool had become an ornate ivory
throne inlaid with gold and'studded with rubies and onyx.
She stood; took my handj/and bade ie'stand. Everything
seemed strange, new—— when | looked at her face, it shone

_ with the pure white Mate of an angel, flowing out onto. the

void.

Quiétly, a sweet, longing melody more beautiful than
eyen the most sublime note of Mozart's Requiem, a song of
achingly distant joy, welled up around us, its source invis-
ible. Its musical light bathed me, and | floated,
uhcomprehending, in it. Gradually, the music and light

"focused into one glorious, buoyant melody, sweeter than

Book Five: Parables 161


162

j/
og

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

the sweetest fruit, and I heard in the sound a voice like ~
Francesca's: '

"A mentor is a source of light and truth, a guiding

"Hand of the One."

I felt reawakened. Even after three years of study, my —
teacher in Williamsburg, who had treated me far better
than the Mother did, had never shown me magick like this.
This bent, gnarled old woman was awakening me to an
essence I had never felt; she was lighting my soul on fire, It 7
was beautiful— all I could think was that this was the
teacher I sought. But Mother Francesca was no parlor
magician on stage for my amusement. F

Suddenly, I-was plunging straight into the blazing
inferno of a fiery sun.

Its boiling gasses curled around me, blinding me as 17
flew into it, white flames roared and deafened me, its /
hurricane winds tossed me like a paper doll— but I felt no
heat. Gradually, I slowed to a stop. My vision returned,
painfully. Yet my mind still reeled from shock and terror.

1 was floating in the calm eye of a gargantuan cyclone
of flame that stretched beyond sight above and'below me.
Onall sides, flames raged, whirling upward in a mad dance,
The shaft's crackling walls seemed to twist into each other
and curve away miles above me. | felt fragile, vulnerable,
horribly small. Mother Francesca's magick was my only:
protection from instant, fiery annihilation.

Tsquinted in the bright light, trying to look at Mother
Francesca—and looked away, my eyes burning even more.
She radiated brilliant light, like that of the ocean ona
bright, breezy morning, when thousands of tiny waves
scintillate in the sunlight. The radiant splendor of the One
shone through her, a cool, glorious brilliance amidst the
Stygian shadows of the flames.

"Mother Francesca," | cried, "what is this place?"

"This is the power— and danger— of your studies,
child."

"Why did you bring me here?"

"To show you why you need a teacher, atrue mentor."
The Mother's accent had disappeared. She passed a cool
hand over my burning eyes, and I could look again at her.
Her face shimmered with a benign white light. She seemed
tall, angelic.

"What do you mean?"

"I simply mean that you must learn why you aré here
and not in Williamsburg tinkering on your own with forces
beyond your control. You need guidance, both away from
dangers and toward your true path. If you are here to learn,
I will show you your Avatar, the fragment of the One that
resides in your innermost being. The One has chosen you
to be consciously united with her, through your Avatar. As
you learn more and seek your path with growing commit-
ment, you will need to ask questions. | am honored that the
One has chosen me't6 léad you to the right questions and


~~ learn with you.

She gave me her ha
you: the darkness within: nd oul

the consequences of their contents. There are petils be-
yond your ken, child, but two in particular make your
- studies more dangerous than you realize."
"What are those?" I asked.
Mother Francesca gently brushed-my cheek with her
ining hand. "Yourself and otherss littleone. | am here to

ide you through both snares." <
Thad heard such warnings from earlier teachers, and,
of coutse, I didn't ignore them. Still; they never seemed to
he pertinent. Yet there, in the midst of a sun that teemed
with more shadows than there should have been, the words
seemed somehow different. This time they held meaning.

As ifshe knew my thoughts, Mother Francesca added,

"These snares are insidious: pride—which you know in
abundance—Paradox, politics, foes and failure."

"So you're here to teach me about these snares?"

"No.1 am here to teach you how to avoid them. If you
willJearn, I will teach you humility, a great gift that most
mentors never bestow upon their unfortunate students.
Humility reins back overconfidence, which can and will
destroy you if it causes you to wield power you cannot
control," She paused, as if to let her words settle in my
mind) She continued, "As most mentors do, | will also
teach you the power of coincidence, so that another reality
does not destroy you. I will teach you what I know of the
Traditions, their goals, and the dangers of such goals
clashing. 1 will teach you to'avoid your foes, of which you
have many."

"What foes?"

"Hidden. foes, and obvious foes. Many more than you
suspect you have; probably more than I suspect you have."
She' released my hand and floated a Short distance away.
"And, last, I will teach you-the fear of failure, which will
destroy you, but which you can prevent if you are careful."

"1 don't understand—"

"You will."

A cool breeze wafted past me, and I shivered pleas-
ly, incongruous as it seemed in the midst of the giant
| of flame. Then, very suddenly, Mother Francesca

disappeared and the heat of the solar cyclone blasted me

mercilessly. T screamed in agony and terrified anger at her
utter betrayal. I felt myself blacken and crumble to ash.

Then, for one appalling, insane second, | knew nothing

except the momentary, absolute horror of becoming utterly

no one, the frightened; helpless moment just before the.
conceptof "I" no longer had meaning. The moment passed,

and all semblance of consciousness disappeared into void.

"TY" was no.more.

Hours, maybe seconds latér, from the dark maze of void
that was mind, I heard the faint music of Francesca's voice
whispering my name. Longing like instinct filled me, then
lightness, and I felt myself floating up towards a bright,
watery. white light far above me.

My eyelids fluttered open, and Ifound myself kneeling
before Mother Francesca in the little stucco room in the
Roman cabal. She rested a warm hand on my cheek.
Slowly, the madness dissipated. Gradually, my sense of self,
my feality, returned like the flow of the ocean tide.

The wrinkled old woman, dwarfed now even by the
Jow-ceilinged room, covered my hands with her gnarled
hands and said, "Iask you now, child: what seems to be the
most important aspect of learning magick?"

"Most important?" I meditated on the question. |
thought about that moment of astonished horror just
before I had ceased to exist. Then the thought struck me—
the'most obvious answer.to the Mother's question—and I
grasped to verbalize my newfound knowledge: "Mastery of
oneself. The ability to resist the loss of your reality."

Mother Francesca smiled serenely. "Precisely, little
one. Willpower, your ability to keep yourself while shaping
reality, is most important: It is crucial to learning and to
surviving. That, my child, is something no mentor can
teach." She paused. "But know this: above all, and accord-
ing to our own understanding of reality, mentors protect
their disciples as a mother protects her child." Gently, she
caressed my‘cheek and smoothed my brow. Slowly, peace-
fully, as if the Mother's words had soothed some wound
deep within me, I'slipped deep into slumber.

Book Five: Parables

163

We know what we are, but know not what
we may be.

> Yeah, but what about to others? What the hell does
an Avatar look like to most of us? An angel with prayit

— Ophelia, Hamlet Act IV, Scene V

One man is equivalent to all Creation. One
man is a World in miniature.

— Abot de Rabbi Nathan. Palestine,

hands and feathered wings?

> To some.-Others say they see.a ghostly spirit or a
shadow. Or Elvis. It depends on who you are, what you're
like, and, toasmallextent, what you expect tosee: nowand

then I received e-mail from this mysterious person. Aftera
while, that correspondence began to evolve into a sort of
on-line hide-and-seek, where I'd wait at my mailbox (with
my VR gear on) for mail from this stranger and then try to
eee Wes aas

; B 2nd century
To: sysop42@myob.org
From: blake@jedi.mit.edu
{
f "Subject: avatar & essence
146 Hope this line's secure, ‘cause I'm ready tochat. BTW,

‘ when you gonna get me that headgear you've been talking
14.) about?

40. "> Well, now that you've proven you won't sell your

> So what does your Avatar look like? Ibet it's tall and
geeky— taped glasses and a pocket protector, right?

> Hardly. More the strong, mysterious type. : o

I saw it-once, a few years ago— fleetingly. It was

et
eadgear

are who you appear to be By Fefasing to give your neeed

goin exchange for access té the Technomancer database, you
; proved your loyalty.

AG: > You know, I got this strange piece of e-mail the day

beckoning to me from a dark alley on the Net. It was
shadowy and vague, but it definitely resembled a human
being. I walked towards it, but it seemed to drift into the
back of the alley, and it espera before I could geta

eS a Vireual Adeat os California Sed aHIT Mark.
I was able to sneak away and report the VA as a traitor to

some of the guys in L.A.
> Wow. You think your Avatar did that intentionally?

~ before, warning me to keep my priorities straight. It didn't

have any context at the time, and it didn't have asender. _

> Probably. Someone once told me thatall our Avatars
are fragments of an entity known as Prime. These shards, at
some point in the hugely distant past, became our souls.
Now all these shards want to do is become reunited, which

20|- I thought maybe it was one of your practical jokes.

Rt i > Interesting. The same thing happened to me when 1
Ys rules hably a hi A

2 out to be... >

bg > New World Order? :

6 i >No, no, nothing like that

1 a> Whet

25 fe > My Avatar.

6, > Yeah, right.

bate > No, seriously. Every now and then, e-mail from an

f amed_user_appeared_in_my_mailbox, warning -me_of_
28 — something or predicting that I would do something I later
bg did. It was eerie, une Trealized that my Avatar was guiding

Can only happen when we reach Ascension. So our Avatars

guide us little by little to global Ascension. Sleepers have
Avatars, too, but theirs are such small fragments that most
never know they have them. Our Avatars guide us so that

rn WE CAN Guide Sleepers to-Ascension.and-reunite Prime.

> What about Einstein and Gates—do they have
Avatars?

>Mostanimals have them, butcan'tuse them. Though
if Einstein and Gates really can open beer cansas youclaim,

maybe we should rethink our theories aboutanimals. Hmm...
I wonder how their Avatars would speak to them?

> Doggy dreams, of course. How do they speak to

not one of your mechanical MIT lab creations. "It's a
85. somebody, and when that somebody feels you're ready, ir'll
i, appear right in front of your eyes. In fact, itappears tosome
_as.a real, blood-pumping, air-breathing person. __

851 164 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

if me,

30 > You talk about your Avatar as if it's a real person, "ages!
81 (with goals & desires. ee

lead > Itis, just as you're "real".

2 Hee You meanpeopleare fooled byte ecmailanddint

63 aS there's really somebody sending it.

">No, Tmean that there IS somebody sending it. Tes seemed -alitele-flaky- She called the Avatar-her"Muse'——

> Of the Traditions? T met a member of the Cult of
Ecstasy a few years ago who claimed that her Avatar spoke
to hernot in words, but through the "passionate emotions"
that her music evoked. I suppose it's possible, but she

> Whar did her "Muse" say to her?

> Nevertold me. | wondered fora long time what it was
like to hear your Avatar speak. Later, a friend of mine in the
Order of Hermes told me that ‘the Av: atar appears to us in


ca Ne

five aspects, each which speaks to us differently: the Moni- ethics), Creatus (creative spirit), and Mutatio (shaping
tor, the Guardian, the Mover, the Progenitor, andthe Fool. _ spirit). The first three, she said, were branches of Dianoia;
~~ > What do they mea:

> Well, to be honest, I'm not ¢ertain how the OOH ~~ Traditionhada governing Avatar lineage, but I've seen too 2g
views them. But I've come to interpret these aspects inmy Many exceptions to believe it plausible., « 28
own way. The Monitor surfaces as our conscience, The > Let me guess: the OOH's lineage was Dianoia and 941
~~ Guardian-guards-the-gate-to-Ascension-to-prevent:pride-—Mentem-- - "4 |
F from overwhelming us. The Mover motivates and guides us > Right again. She claimed that the Dianoia: Mentem | 29 |

_ toward Ascension. The Progenitor and the Fool are two _ lineage governed the OOH, the Akashic Brotherhood, and _ 26 |
_ highly mysterious aspects of the Avatar, but seem tocorre- _ the Dreamspeakers. The Dianoia: Aesthetica lineage, she :
spond to the birth and lineage ofthe Avatarandtowhatthe __ said, governed the Cult of Ecstasy, and the Dianoia: Moralis_) 27 |

transcendent nature of the Avatar will be when we attain lineage governed the Euthanatos and Celestial Chorus. 28 |
Ascension: be \ > So who are we? :

> The lineage of the Avatar? Youmean Avatars belong > Res: Mutatio—us and the Sons of Ether. The only a4
to families? ana one left, Res: Cre:

‘us, governs the Verbena. |
7 > Well, the OOF friend "I was corresponding with" ~~ > What about the Orphans? ae 34
seemed to think so. She said there were two main lineages, > She ignored them. She doesn't think they're mages |
each of which had many branches. She termed the lineages. a all, 32}
"Dianoia" and "Res"—one Greek for "thought from medi- , »
tation" and the other Latin for "physical thing'. Bluntly. eye yg nt ans nose OOH mates, They're so.) 38
put, the lineages represent the old mind/matter division. > Actually, she' chowible oncbyeon cetpasvall 34)
> I bet she thought the OOH sprang from Dianoia. aarneiee drills and Scus-pocus naiieielony: 45

be > Actually, yes. But she went into more detail than
that. She mentioned five branches: Mentem (pure intel-
lect), Aesthetica (taste/aestheties), Moralis(morality/

> Maybe. But the OOH'ssoset on the rank andfile gig. 36 |
They love the idea that we canbe categorized orstuffed into
arcane lineages that control our behavior. 374

Book Five: Parables. 165. 3°


> Novexactly: That's simplifying their position=tike
saying "being a software engineer has made me a software
engineer." Chance determined the nature of your Avatar
and, since you're in large part your Avatar, your Avatar
determined your nature. Think of your Avatar as a being
hidden within you that you haven't discovered yet.

> Very comforting. Does that mean I have justas much
influence on it as it has on me?

>I don't know. Wharit does mean, though, is that yc
have SOME influence on it. Your decisions—moral, ethi
cal, or otherwise— may attract or repulse your A vatar, just
as they may attract or repulse other human beings. If you
make decisions that you and your Avatar consider unethi-

cal-or-wrong,-you-may-corrupt-your-Avatar-or-make-it—

impotent.
> Impotent?

> Yup. A repulsed Avatar may fester and become as
corrupt as the mage with whom it'

refuse to lead the mage to Ascension until the source of
infection has been purified. Such mages are usually so
preoccupied with self-loathing that they have very little
energy left to learn about reality and magick. It's thought
that the Monitor—thataspect of the Guardian that serves
as the conscience— purposefully redirects the mage's'en-
ergy into morbid self-loathing until the mage corrects his
actions.

> That's the negative side... cana mage havea positive
influence on his Avatar?

> Of course. The more good decisions a mage makes
(by his Avatar's standards), the more secrets the Guardian
lets him in on.

> Sodo you think my Avatar was pleased with me this

weekend?

> Pm sure your Avatar is very satisfied with your
decision.

> Think so?

> Beyond a doubt. We're holding this conversation,
aren't we?

> Yeah, but I thought that this kind sh San 's the
domain-of the Avatar: - Se
>

> Hello? You there, sysop? Damn it, are you there?
>

> exit chat

%who?

blake ttygd Jan 6 3:23
the_mover~ ttyq5--— Jan 63:23

166 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

sociated and/orit may


Quintessence
and Tass

Great men are they who see that the spiri-
tual is stronger than any material force.

— Ralph Waldo Emerson

To Daria, the sleeping Lupine looked
and smelled like a huge flea-bitten mongrel
with gigantic claws. Her Clique had come
B upon it as it slépt at the back of the town.
dump; it was curled up insidea cave of broken
furniture and old, soggynewspapers., Now it
was frozen insleepsthanks to Daria's friend Isbelle, who had
incapacitated.it using Time magick:

Still, Isbelle had posted guards, prepared to soothe the
beast's.rage if anything went wrong, while Rich, a Virtual
Adept along for the ride, readied their getaway. They only
had a few hours to steal Quintessence before the werewolf
awoke.

"Daria, get your ass over here." Isbelle motioned her
closer to the sleeping beast. Reluctantly; Daria approached.
"Youasked me before about Juice. 1 want toshow you what
it feels like to gather it."

"But—this is where we're getting it? In the middle of a
junkyard?"

Isbelle chuckled: think you're afraid of the Pit Bull.
Neyer mind him. C'mon, Pll show you how to get juiced."
She'slipped around the, werewolf and merged into the
shadows of its junkyard cayewhe damp, musty smell of
mouldering newspapers wafted out ofthe cave. Dariastepped
insidegeareful to avoid the slumbering beast:

The frail beam of Isbelle's flashlight lit vague shapes
and the edges of deéper holes"Daria fervently hoped théy
were formed iby rusting refrigerators and other forgotten
furniture. In the darkness, she could hear a steady, hollow
plink, like raindrops on metal, and timy squeaks and rustles
issued from the back of the cave.

"Juice," Isbelle whispered, "or Quintessence as some
calLityisthe condensation of reality. The concentrated raw
essence.of the uniyets@fuels magick. Some mages believe
this ‘Quintessence' tobe shards6f agreat, slumbering being
called che One; others believe it to be the tangible, spiritual
essence of sentient creativity. | think George Lticas almost
had it right: Quintessenee.is a concentrated manifestation
of the Force."

Daria scowled. "Qh, come on..."

"No, really," Isbelle continued, "Diluted Quintessence
is all around us, within us— itis us. Concentrated Juice ig
the energy that is magick."

Daria squinted to se¢ intorthe deeper darkness of the
cave. "So where's the Juice"

Book Five: Parables 167


‘Don't bother trying to-se¢ it; try to feel it, IfSimered-
ibly strong here."

Daria closed her eyésand tried to ¢mpty her mind. Yer
thoughts of an awakening Lupine etept back in: She pic-
tured a blank slate. Slowly, tHe image ofa faded black and
white photography yellowed with age; stole before her

" Mind's eye. Unaccustomed nostalgia washed over hergand
More images— a willow dipping its fronds intova shaded
pool; her old three-speed bike' propped ‘against the chain
link*fence; its-blue paint chipped with years of usé}-her
abandoned east, Colorful with friends' signatures, from
When. she'd broken her leg; the lilac smell offhet favGrite
aunt'ssperfume—all drifted over her likesaijlazyicloud fat
noon. :

Somebody,was shaking her shoulder: The images faded.
Isbelle was whispering excitédly, "...chink you feel it. This
is a full-blown Node, Awakened and everything."

"The things [saw —"

"This Node sééms to resonate with a feeling of nostal-
gia. You were probably attuned to it." Isbelle pointed the
flashlight into a darkniche, spotlighting arat which blinked
and scurried away. She sat down on an overturned icebox.

Daria remained standing, Senses alert. "It was very
powerful. Are all Nodes like thisone?"

Isbelle shook her head. "No, most of the ones I've
raided don'thaye Juice'colored so strongly byemotion. The

168 ~The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide —

Juice in this Node must resonate somehow with him?" She
tossed her chin inthe sleeping werewolf's direction, Put
ting her handsto her mouth, she hissed, "OK, guys, it's safe.
C'mon in." Four, of Daria's friends crept into the eave and:
Sat down at/opposite ends. The others, she noted, stayed'
outside £6 guard them:

Said Isbelle, "I'll teach you how to do what they'
doing some other time. Right now, want youto learn what
Juice is, what it feels like—" As she spoke, her flashlights
nOReH Moin nich®'to niche. Hix éyes went wide }

"What is it? What's Wrong?" Daria's heartthumped
she looked around fot more wolves.

"J feel something Phaven't felt for years,' whispered
Isbelle.

Daria's throat tightened: "What? What's it?" 3

"C'mere." Isbelle launched herself from the'tusty ice~
box towards the shadowy rear of the cave, the-flashlight
beam bouncing haphazardly iA All difections. Daria el
lowedamore.cautiously. "We've always made-a, habit of
peeking itito the Umbra wher we raid Nodes,"continued
Isbelle, her voice louder than before, "ever'since Mound"
Dram inthe form of a SoundBlaster cardin a Vittual Adepe 1
Node four yeats ago. It's paid off again!" Isbelle stopped
Inear the back of the cavé} light brushing the lips of shad-
owed n6oks and crannies all around her. As Daria ran to
catch up, allshe couldsee was Isbelle's silhouette crouching


Isbelles.who had pointed her
ished old victrola sat.

ith a melancl sli.glow re Coul
ut also the sadfiess jated witht.

ied her eyes and looked

a hayen't been Ey f
i Is Wy ickly, fi
lowinto the physical ie


The Nature of Paradox

Thad everything within my reach

Thad money and stuff

Each and every'call

Too much, but never enough.

Tear it up and watch it fall.

— Sisters of Mercy, "Neverland"

} "Otherworldly Voices whispered around
fil "She is beautiful, like a‘chain of light-

ning," "And fine, like. a lots fiber," "And

shines inthe minds of the sages." "She is subtle, the

Awakener of pure knowledge," "The embodiment ofall

bliss," "Whose true fiature is pure consciousness."

Xiao and Branton floated onaif, riding the Wave of Bliss.
Branton's thoughits:caressed het mind as he slowed time to
enjoy theirintimacy. Xiadhad somuch to teach him, the least
of whichiwere the Tantric rituals. Though trained of the Cult
of Ecstasy, he had so much potential that she wassure he would
someday be a great member of the Brotherhood.

Branton sighed. "I never beliévéd it could be this good."

"Believe." Then Xiao tensed— "Wait, does that mean
at first-you did not beligve"

"No— it's just an expréssion." He caressed, her cheek
tenderly. "Really.""— >"

"Honestly?"

Branton shifted awkwardly. "Yes, honestly."

"Good." Still; Xiao looked around the room, unsure.
Nothing-seemed: out'of ‘place— except a framed photo-
graph that hadn't been there minutes before. Slowly, she
withdrew/and slippedion aifiightshirt.

"Why— Branton reached for her, but she deftly
stepped away.

"You lied) Never lie to yourself or others when ques-
tions of reality and, belief are involved"

Heslammed his fist on the bed. "What do you mean by
that? I lied?"

"Isnt it obvious? You oes the Ritual not believing,
You've created what we call yerk dim—a flaw— in the
fabric of the realityive Were creating: The design has run
amok; it is unbalanced tow,"

Bravicon' 's face flushed hot. "Look, I don't know what
you Te"

Xiao shook her head. "Iam. saddened that you do not
wish to learn,"

"Learn what? How ‘to/make fun of kwai lun ?:The
Americatt gtiy?"»Branton pution his pants and began to
gatherhis'belongings.

"Ofcourse not. [speak only of learning how to control
your temper and of learning how to make your way out of
a Quiet."

Branton shook his ead. "J don't know what you're
tambling'on about."

170. ~~ The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

"Do you want to'know?"

Branton paused. Slowly, with some resentment; he
met her eyes. "Yes, I guess I do."

Xiaolnoddéd solemnly. "Good, Sit down," Tossing his
bag to the floor, Branton sat grudgingly. Xiao continued,
undisturbed, "Your disbelief started the fabric running. It
ereated Paradox which—'

"Before you go on, what is'this Paradox shit you keep
mentioning? I've been/toldjtoravoid it, but I've never been
told what it is, what in d6es."

Xiao nodded. "Your undisciplined\Cult masters do you
a dissetvice. Paradox is the naturally occurring force that
balances. Yin and Yang. Too much Yimor Yang, and: you
violate the reality that World Mind has established— you
unbalance it. Paradox Simply preserves balance."

Xiao sat down on the bed beside Branton, andthe young
mage took her outstretched hand: Gently, -he tested his head
on her lap and stared up into her'eyes. "Sovyou'te saying that
the World Mind; which I presume is consensual reality, isthe
natural state of things, that we shouldn't violate it?"

Xiao stroked his hairy She shook her head, "No; abso-
lutely not. I made no judgments upon World Mind; just
that it is. World Mind is mutable by nature, andiits current
form is one that all Traditions wish to change."

"So I unbalanced the World Mind, but that's OK, since
we want to shape it into a reality of our own. making anyway."

"With patience and wisdom."

"Meaning?"

"Do not violate the World Mind.too blatantly, oryour
efforts will be for naught. You see, World Mind isin the
employ of the Technocracy now, and, consequently, so is
Paradox: If you ignore World Mind, Paradox will destroy
you, and you will only have achiévedithe'enemy's goal."

"Pm still not sure T understand what Paradox is. Is it
sentient orisit a force like wind or water? Isit, forinstance,
capable of mercy? Does it know love?"

Xiao smiled. "Not all things know, love. Some'know
only justice because they até formed only-of an impulse for
justice" She-paused! Could sherrisk exposing him to the
truth? Yes, perhaps she could. They had come this far; and
he seemed-open enough. "Do you see thatphotograph?"

Branton sat up and looked atthe photo to which Xiaowas
pointing. "What's that doing there?" The photo, in a gilt
lacquered:frame, showed Xiao and an older man lying naked
ona beach ineach other's arms. In the background, the waves
of the ocean seemed to sparkle and shift. "Who is that guy?"

Xiao weighed herresponse. "That, my love, is my father."

"What the fu— Branton stared at her; disgusted.

Xiao closed her eyes andismiled. "Before you jump to
conclusions, let me explain."

"Lthink you'better."


"First, bring that picture toime."

Reluctantly, Branton stood andiwalked- over to the
bureatr Where the photo stood. He put his hand.on it, but
) withdrew it quickly, "Ow! It's hot!"

"That's.all right. It won't harnt you— jist. bring it
© here."

Branton lifted the frame carefully. "It seems heavy.
C''mony tell me what's going on."

Xiao. held. out her hand; and he ‘placed the framed
photo init. World Mind is like this oceanyand Paradox'is.
its Mobility. The ocean' sloshes arid sways, but it stays
Pwithinits basin. It does not fill the sky one day, then
disappear into underground caverns the next. Am I right?"

"Yes, but"

‘Listen. World Mind iis the same: there are different
beliefs— waves and currents in the ocean— but common
findamental beliefs in the naturéof reality cause all beliefs
tocohere."

Branton. sat down next' to. Xiao. "What about his
photo; Xiao?"

"Weill getto that." Shé'pointed to the sparkling waves in
the photo: "But what catises these to gather together anid crash
down inatidal wave, wash overthe landinamonsoon, or form
water spout and fill thesky?Other forces. The forces fromyou

and me—Self Mind contradicting World Mind."

Branton shook his head, confused.

WA

"Paradox occurs when the right mix.of forces destabi'
lizes reality, just as a tidal wave crashes onshore when an
eruption occurs underwater. If the lava oozés out.ohto the
seafloor slowly, without displacing large quantities of wa-
ter, there is no tidal wave. If a volcarto blasts molten rock
into: the ocean, ‘Suddenly displacing. huge quantities of
water, there is-sure to be a backlash. The tidal wave is like
a Paradox Backlash."

So Paradox is not sentient—it is just a force?"

"Not exactly. That metaphor describes how: Paradox
works, not what it is."

Branton stood and began'to'pace back and forth: "Look,
T want to know why you haye tharpicture, OK? Ifir's related
to Paradox, explainvit. Just stop dancing,around the issue!"

Xiaé looked down at the floor. "Yes, yotiare right, Lwill
explain. This picture is related to Paradox, so hear me out.
Paradox is all that I have said it is, but it is also mote. In a
Sense, it is sentient: as sentient and merciful asithose who
punish themselves with it. To put it plainly, Paradox isa
manifestation of our own impulse to punish ourselves.
Down. deep inside, we expect punishment for violating
World Mind, and we get it by inflicting it upon Ourselves:""

"So if we train ourselves not to expect punishment—"

"We do not receive it, But that ifivery, very difficult,
if not impossible. And luck plays a tole injit."

"How?"

Book Five: Parables. 171


12

os \
The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

"If someone who doubts sees magick without coinci-
dental effect, World Mind sends the punishment even
before the miage's self-punishing impulse has a chance to."

"Can the two work together?"

"Yes."

"4s chatwhat happened here?" Branton's voice sounded
tense.

"Yes."

Tenser still: "But why the picture? Why didn't light-
ning strike us down or something?"

Xiao smiled. "The nature of Paradox is subtle and often
poetic. During our Ritualywe slipped into a Quiet."

Branton steppedicloser to Xiao. "Yes, what is that?"

"{t is a state of Paradox for which-my only clue was
this." Xiao held up the:photograph.

"So.are we dead?"

Xiao chuckled softly: "No, no. Weare simply stuck int
analtered:mental state."

Branton drewiup a chair‘and straddled it. "Like we'te
on.dtugs?""

Xiao nodded: "In.a way."

"What's the meaning of the:photo, then?"

"It's a kind of psychic residue— the imbalanced por
tion of Yin and Yang. Eventually, it will disappear from our
sight, as World Mind rights itself. In the meantime, we are
the only ones whoican see it."

Branton snorted. "So everyone else would see us carry-
ing nothing in our hands and saying, ‘See this?" andy‘Ow!
T¢shot!?; and they'd think we're crazy, is rhat it?"

Xiao smiled. "Yes."

Branton's smile stiffened. "But why'd ithave to show you
and your Dad? How does Paradox decide to punish you?"

"That isa wise question. I do. not know the answer, but
T can guess. Perhaps because of the'nature of the ritual and
the fact that there was doubt in'yoursmind and worry. in
imine, the ritual didn't succeed entirely without Paradox. |
have, and 1am sure-you have, acctimulated Paradox energy
inthe past, That energy was chaniieled into the:psychic
Creation of the photo. It wassomething that, during a ritual
intended to create\concordy created discord instead."

"Whatwere the-voices, thens:if the ritual failed?"

"Part ofthe Quiet. Part of ourown concord, ever as our
doubt created discord."

Branton took Xiao's hand. "Yin and Yang balancing
each other?"

"Yes; Yin and Yang," she replied, letting the photo
drop to the carpet.

Branton looked deep into her eyes. "Doyou forgive me?"

"Tove youand honor you. You require no forgiveness."

"Then I'll take this as a—what do you*eall it?"

"Ha job'ging yim."

"Yes, 2 learning experience."


Seeking and the Gu ardian

For the human.kingdom, beneath the'floor
era Z| of the comparatively neat little dwelling that we
t | call our consciousness, goes down into. unsus-
pected Aladdin caves, There, not only jewels,
but also dangerous jinn abide.
— Joseph, Campbell, The Hero» with a
5 Thousand Faces
ieee sacha fel dlescek erent ttle. hecable

skin seemed to hum, tingling with fearful anticipation. A wall
of fire crackled across her path. Hot air seated her throat and
nostrils and her bare skin had a sheen of sweat. Caught
between the clammy fear inside and thedry heat ofthecavern,
Tasha shivered, steeled herself, then'stepped forward through
the curtain of fire and into the labyrinth. :

The Dancer glided froma niche and drew herselfupen
pointe "beside Tasha, resplendent in grace ‘Tasha only.
wished she could possess. They shared thé face and form
a professional, but the Avatar personified the éatlike fle
| that the mage herselflacked: Backagain so soon? the Dane
__asked silently, Tasha nodded assent: Ambitious, ar
' The Dancer smiled, but her eyes clouded with nightmai
Her empath "voice" echoed in Tasha's bones, like a half
 féltseismic tremor. Beyond this point, you go dlones Ti Tadvise, 5
butcannot aid you,

"I know the, drill," Tasha sgid'aloud as the ose
loomed-ahead. It was black, pitch black, and wound end-

into the earthenyoid, Far below, she knew, lay the Light),
the Ledge, the Pool, and other places..; but toteach them,

enteted, leaving light and-Dancer behind.
She spread her armé)to feel her way along the rough
stone walls. Her toes passed lightly across the pebbly dirt
floor, searching for trips and pitfalls. Each steady breath
_ expanded into the tunnel, searching for the things eyes
could not see. As Tasha crept forward, the walls narrowe:
_ Thefloor and ceiling.tightened, Soon, her hair brushed the

| Still she continued, humming softly to herself.

The tunnel shrunk to rouch-height, then to crawl-
size: Darkness was eternal here, and the air was thick with
tich earth-scent, Tasha's heart thundered in spite of her
comforting hum. Dirt sifted into, her hait, worked its way
beneath her questing fingernails, gtitted in her mouth and
hose, plastered itself to sweaty, skin. Cold slick things
| quested, found her, and withdrew. Stone walls scraped her
flesh as she slid deeper downward, towards the Light she
knew waited beyond,

Years passed: Eons. Eternities. Not fair! she moaned,
The tunnel grew longer and tightét each time she entered.
Itshould get easier! Tasha wormed her way through a passage

slightly as she padded ‘into, thé caverns, Her

‘Dancer finally,adinitted.

_tecalling her preachy mentor. The wind roared through the

© This part always gave Tasha the creeps.

lessly downward. Tashasteadiedherbreathingasshe stared" The mage's stomach' dropped away with it, Scouring winds

she must pass through, darkness. Heart haminerings she

"mountain rose, with another Ledge leading to further tests.

tunnel's crumbling top. The air grewithin, stifling, heavy.'

barely wide enough to pull her head through. Her breasts
and ribs pressed painfully against the walls with each *
cautious breath, each heartbeat, Wild panic surged at the
trap. Cavein! screamed her fear. They'd never find you! Was
that a light ahead? Or only a wishful vision?

The passage widened ftom' wormhole ‘to. crawlspace.
Fresh air flowed from the darkness ahead: Then theLight, the:
blessed Light, warmed the tunnel from black to gray to earthy))
brown. Tasha paused at last:to Wipe away. the dirt before
rounding a final corner and entering the Cavern of Winds. » 4

The air here was goose-bump cold in conttast to the :
stifling tunnel, and it swept her hair into tangles. The walls *
glowed green with iridescent fungus and ¢ool light beck"
oned ftom the Ledge of Faith, Not bad, said the Dancer. "I
knew you'd be here," Tasha replied aloud, wrapping her.
arms to her sides, The two of them walked to the Ledge in'
siletnce. [did't think you'd get through it the first time, the

"Why does it keep getting longer?" Tasha asked testily.
Eachnew secret ups the stakes, Bach new insight ups the cost.'
Each new power ups thethreat. Without discipline comes disaster.
"You sound like von Dagram," the mage shot back,

cavern, biting to the bone. Light blasted through the
chinks in the rock walls as they padded to the sunlit Ledge:

The ground at the mountain's foot seemed miles away. 9."

threatened to sweep Tasha andthe Dancer from the Ledge"
into oblivion. Frost sparkled on the Ledge, and Tasha's
breath puffed in the icy ait. Injithe distance, another

Between the mountains lay avoid bridged bynathing. The
mage wavered, clinging to the Ledge' 's walls, fighting ver-
tigo and the pulling of the wind,

Well? said the Dancer,

"Ym. working on it," Tasha es "Give mea |
minute." A book she'd once read said that-the secret to.
flying Was to throw yourself at the'ground and miss. The
author wasn't far from wrong. Ithad taken Tasha three tries
before she'd mastered the Ledge, and two of them had)"
nearly killed her. :

The mage hummed softly, drawing her concentration'
inward' from distractions. Gooseflesh rippled, and hair
whipped her closed eyes. The deep chill she felt came only

"somewhat from the wind. She stepped back into the cavern

and gathered her confidence like'a blanketagainst the cold,
then rushed out to the Ledge and leaped:

The stomach-lurch of free-fall hit her as she sailed into
the void.., and then the winds lifted her. I did it!! She laughed
wildly as she flew, arms and legs spread wide, head thrown
back, brown hair trailing behind her. Icy air-fingers caressed

Book Five: Parables' ~~ 173


heras she swept across the chasm like a naked human kite, the
cold forgotten. Her dancer's instincts took over and she spun
in flight, pirouetting and twisting as she laughed. The moun-
tain loomed ahead, but Tasha tookher time, chasing sparrows
high aboye the snow-covered wastes. Finally, she alighted on
the far ledge to continue her quest. Have fim? the Dancer
asked, but Tasha only nodded, panting'and grinning. Catch
‘your breath, said the Avatat; You'll need it.

The Pool waited at the end ofa long spiral passage
through the mountain. Inside the mountain, the ait grew
warmer, though Tasha still shivered with exhilarated chill.
Along the way, the mage prepared herself by breathing
deeply, expanding her lungs to the limit. The rush from her
flight gave way to concentfation. "Last time," she said to
the Dancer, "I met the Guardian at the' Pool and fetched
him the pearl before the oyster shuts Thisiis as far as I've
gone so far. Where do I go from here?"

You'll know.

"How?"

Look for what is. different. Follow it. The Guardian will
meet you at the next bridge

The Guardian was:the eternal end of this seemingly
endless journey: the Watcher at the Soul's Crossroads, the
Gatekeeper of the Inner Self, Granter of Enlightenment,
the Miser of Arete. The Guardian, Tasha knew, personifies
aspects of conscience, fear; discipline and repression. All
the things the mage could not yet handle assumed the form
of her Guardian, and she knew she had to take her deriands
of enlightenment to him. In the past, she'd met him atthe
end of the tunnel, the far Ledge andithe Pool: At the
thought of the new testyshe shivered. To convince' the
Guardian'6f your worth, you had to facé symbolic tests of
fear, faith, greed, wisdom and other traits. Tasha was still
working‘on simple faith and fear. The caverns glittered
with crystal veins and light breezes stirred the sandy floor.
The Pool sat.in the Center of a-gigantic'chamber. The
Guardian was nowhere to be seen.

The mirrored surface was deceptive; the Pool:went
down farther than Tasha cared to guess, to.a rocky bottom
strewn with giant oysters and strange crab-like striders. It
had been all'the mage could do to reach the bottom; claim
a pearl from the jaws, of anopén clam, and surfacé, Each
time, ‘the tests changed slightly. The mage dreaded the
variations. She flexed her limbs and filled her lungs. "Same
deal as last, time?" she asked the Avatar. The Dancer
shrugged and handed her a belted leather sack.' Tasha
slipped it on. "See you on, the other side," she said, then
gulped a lungful of cool air and dived.

The shock of breaking the icy Pool hit Tasha hard. She
kicked downward, feeling the water's weight press in against
her eardrums.As her lungs began to protest, Tasha sighted the
bottom. To her annoyance, ithad changed from last time —
now it resembled an ornate Oriental ruin, as if the Pool had
swallowed some ancient pagoda. The garden, she noted,
seemed intact. Fish ‘darted among the carefully-tended rock

174. The Book of Shadows! The Mage Players Guide


patterns and trimmed flowers. The pagoda, however, was a
shambles. Look for what is different, the Dancer had said. The
mage shrugged.and swam into the ruins.

The dim interior glittered-with scattered gold and
whitened bone. There had beema massacre here, it seemed;
the bodies of dozens of long-dead combatants littered the
floor, mingling with piles of gems'and bright gold coins.
Tasha's pulse quickened, thumping in her ears. Greed
swelled, Jesus, look at this haul! She, glided to a pile. of
treasure, This must be what the sack is for! Quickly, ‘she
stuffed handfuls of loot into the pouch, watching the bones
for some sight of a trap.

The shadow wrapped around het ankle, tight and
biting cold, She gasped, and precious ait bubbled past her
lips. Her lungs hitched as the shadow drew her backwards,
away from the doorway and into the ruin.' Tasha screamed
mental curses as she'flailed for ‘a handhold, The light fell
away and darkness colder than the windy Ledge enfolded
her, Dancer! she thought frantically, butthere was noreply.

Panic burst forth, bright and crazy.'Tasha scrabbled at.
the darkness, her thoughts flying, Hét concentration
wrecked, To die during Seeking was' worse than simple
failure, It was a tiny death of the soul, and mages had died
physically of the shock. Some Seekers had simply disap-
peared, and Tasha feared she might become one of them.
She could break the trance that bound her here, but didn't
want to think of what that mightdo to her.

The darkness bound her tightly. Itsembrace was warm,
comforting. The urge to quit fighting and merge with the
darkness welled up like fresh-drawn blood. Outside the
darkness,.the water was cold. The thunder in her heart
eased toa steadyithump. Each pulse seemed to drain the air
from her straining lungs. Whatever you do, she thought,
you'd better do it,quick!

Embrace the darkness, said, von Dagram, and darkness is
what you'll receive.

What did I do? Grab‘a few coins?

Yourohbed the dead. Was this von Dagram, orthe Guardian?

Ididn't come to steal. I came to take what was already mine!
She nearly spoke the words aloud, Her lips parted, and she
tasted water. Her lungs spasmed; and she choked. Gee out!"

Darkness squeezed. Tasha struggled, slipped off the pouch
of gold. The darkness would not let go. To hell with this! The
mage gathered herdesperate fury into acore of Prime force and
released it. Bright light seared the shadow away. Light spilled
in; and cold water. The shadow wavered and Tasha kicked
away forthe surface. Tendrils clung to her, tugging at herasshe
pulled for the light above. The shadow drew her down again.
The last of her air slipped past her lips. She turned in its grasp
and fired a blast of pure Prime into the darkness. The tendrils
teleased her, and she burst upward, into light.

Fresh air exploded into her lungs, burning as she
gasped. Tasha's limbs felt like stone.as she swam rapidly for
the side of the Pool. The rock edge felt good beneath her
numbed fingers. She hauled herself up and crouched in the

sand, vomiting water. When the fit passed, -she sank,
exhausted, to the ground and lay there for a long time!

The Dancer touched her arm with gentle fingers. The
Ayatar's eyes were bright with concern, "Was that it?" Tasha
asked weakly, The Dancer shook herhead: "Damn, Well, I'm
gonna rest, and'the Guardian can go screw himself,"

She,awoke'on stone; heated by the fire of a voleanic
chasm. The Dancer still'crouched beside her, but the Pool
was gone. Invits place, was a, mammoth cavern split by.a
flaming abyss. Tasha lay onone side, ina a sheltered alcoves
the Guardian loomed on the other side, impassive in his
black robes, tallet than her mother's house. As the mage
stirred, the Guardian folded his handles sleeves across his
chest. As Tasha pulled' hetself to /her feet, the chasm
widened and the flames leapt higher. You have come, said
the Guardian, biat you are not yet ready. Return later.

"Like hell!" The room. reminded her of Hell, a Dante-
esque vision of gulfs'that could not be bridged. She sttode to
the edge of the cliff; sweaty fromthe cavern heat. Primal fear
and anger warred with frustration, She could still feel the
slippery grasp of darkness. Her belly sickened with tercor and
Pool-water. "Ididn't comeallthisway fornothing,"she roared
across the guilf; "Give me what I came for. I'm ready!"
enoticed a tightrope,
old hemp stretched ; actos the flaming chasm: Splintery
pegs anchored the rope at both ends.' Wisps of smoke rose ©
where fire singed the tightrope. You have failed the tests.

"I survived?" she cried, "Leaine out on the other side all
three times. I've done it before!" the inferno's size and rumble
swallowed her words. "I'm ready, dammit! I'm ready!" ;

Is magick mere Suxvival, is Awakening a means to
gain and pleasure? Oris itaa means to stave off fear of darkness? ?

"Pm not afraid!"

You lie.

Tasha shook her Ne Hair ae to her face, an she
pulled‘it aside, "You're right, Jai

And angry, too" 3 i

"And angry," she ‘admitted; Chris, mages a angry,
mages get scared, We're human, we'te not perfect, and I've
known others who've come this way who still carry anger and
fearin their hearts." Sheextendedafootto the tightrope, tested,
it, and gingerly stepped onto it, If dipped crazily, but held.

Their way wasmotyour way, the Guard ianreplied. Each
finds her inner demons here. Eachicreates,her own test,

Tashaspreadherarms, balancing against the sickening
pitch of the rope across the fire: Gouts of flame licked at her
soles from the lava far below. Live steam burned her nose

_and throat. Behind her, the Dancer waited, silent. "I faced

my fears," said Tasha, "I'm doing it how."

Indeed. The Guardian inclined his head a bit. And if
you fall? A wave of panic hit Tasha likeablow,teeteringher
‘on the rope. She glanced down as)a blast of heat seared
upward, Her legs wobbled. Her toes clenched the' rope.
Falling, the Guardian' inconed, is death? Worse than'death.

Book Five: Parables 115


Falling. The fear of twisted ankles and broken bones thar
haunts the dancers who ‘defy gravity, time and human limita-
tions. Tasha remembered the fear of falling that had paralyzed
her aftera bad spill in high schooleAnd she remembered how
she overcame that fear;She shifted her fears to the music and
embraced herself and the music as one.

She took a deep breath and hummed, feeling che hum
teverberate down into her:bones. She closed her eyes and
washed the panic aside with a calmingofher Mind. Don't think
of the pain, her dance instructor said; don' tthink of what you're
not supposed to be able todo. Think of the music and the dance and
flow withit, The dance! Of course! The dance of creation; the
dance of grace and power, art' and love and passion, the
dynamic rhythm of,eternity's pulse, endlessly pumping the
lifeblood of existence thtouigh form, mind and spirit. Life, she
suddenly knew, was more thari a test of wills or an act of.
defiance. ‘Reality's adance, she thought, and I am the Dancer!

Her feet stepped lightly across a tightrope gone sud-
denly strong and taut. Euphoria lifted her above the pains
Of her trials. Her arms rode the rising fire currents, and her
hair swirled in the updrafts. Tasha rope-danced with cat-
like: perfection, and' was nearly disappointed when she
reached the other side.

The Guardian towered ‘above her, his black sleeves
fippling- in the hot breeze. Tasha swallowed, wetting her
lips and' rongue to speak. The exertion. thrill rushed
giddyingly to her head. She forced her breathing and
heartheat toslow; "I'm ready," she said, "to advance."

176 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Tee rietdiakanariiedh ee slowly. Thovance ihe
the moves are moré complex, the leaps are higher andithe'tisks
of falling are greater

‘Tunderstand," the mage said, "and accept'what's mine,"

The Guardian swept his arms open, trailing midnight'
sleeves."His hood flashed open for a brief instant wasiit
a) womans face in the folds?— then shadowed his (her?)
face again. Light flowed from the Guardian, light mixed

with darkness like an oil slick, both flowing together arid'

wrapping themselves around the magé. Unlike the' dark-
ness in the Pool, this essence held no fear or pani¢, only
fulfillment, as if some missing vital thing had been restored
When I reach Ascension, she wondered, does the Guard:
ian disappear? ¢
Pethaps, said a voice, the Dancer's voice, and perhaps.

y

not. Only then will youknow. The Avatar emerged from the

Guardian's cascade and extended her hands'to Tasha,then
took her in her arms.

Mageand Avatar hugged like sistets, merging into a

single whole. A humming like'a thousand melding songs"
settled in Tasha's mind ‘and spirit, and her) hands swept

upwards to caress the falling essence. My self and my dance are.
one, she thought as she floated from the place of Seeking into
wisdom's warm embrace. Cold, anget, fear, alliof these would
return in time, but for the moment, Tasha had what she
needed.

Until nexttime...


MythIntoReason: Opposing Views

The Council of
1Nine

In the beginning

There was the cold:and the night

Prophets and angels gave ws he ireand he ht
Man was triumphant —

Armed with'the faith and the will —

That even the darkest ages couldn' kill.
— Billy Joel, "Two Thousand Years"

"H-a-a-a-tley, you promised me you'd talk about the
Traditions tonight. | wanna know:" Deathlace smiled and
pushedsback an unruly lock of hefmidnight black hair.
‘Harley was perhaps the single bright spotin her recentdark
lifeshe was pretentious, and silly, and funky."Harley wasa
self-described living stereotype, a ‘hard'tocker' from New
Jersey who spoke ‘rock ‘n' rollese' like he*was"a character
from the latest Spinal Tap movie. His fake tocker accent
and rocker speech didn't negate his charm-For some reason
itfit: he looked like a wizardly version of Meat Loaf and did
his best magickal work with his guitar.

Ever since»Deathlace left Aclatita in Harley's bus
(called, predictably; the ‘Magié Bus'), she had a sense of
destiny, like she was being drawn across the continent,
driving several thousand miles to have her date'with fate.
She fell in‘love withithe magickal bus, which was biggeron
the inside than it was outside: The inside thad three stait-
cases, aiid, when it'got up to-speed om.the ‘highway, it
Slipped into some strange reality which-made the windows
into psychedelic lightshows. She' wantedsto-know more
about :being'a mage, more than Sad Willie, her former
mentor, Could ever teach hers Harley had been putting her
off the entire trip.

Harley downed the/lastiof the cheap beer that he was

slurping on and threw the can behind him with-a belch,

Straightening his bulging leather vest and"picking up a
finely-tuned Gibson ax in the chair next to him, he filled
the back ofthe travelling Chantry-cum-tourbuswitha light
strumming in the manner of a medieval tfOubadour. Nor-
mally, Deathlace would love to listen to him play— she
would sit for hours, here in the. living room of the bus,

listening to him, Nowyshe. grew impatient, and her face. #

showed it.

He paused for a moment, picked out a ‘acigal and
looked up at Deathlace, grinning. She was pretty, ina
delicate way, and she knew it. Long black strands of hair
cascaded haphazardly down her face, and her eye was
outlined in. black like a comic book character she loved.
She thought fora moment that Harley was coming on to
her, but it turned out he was just trying to freak her.

"You wanna know é Trads; do ya? Well, missy,
you sure? ‘Cause itain'tal short a story, and itain'tall.
true, but it's what m'Boss told me, and that's what I gotta
believe." Harley said, his fake rocker accent in full Sug .

"Oh, Harley, quit foolin'*around and just tell ite
Deathlace said:

Harley fixed his Ray-Bans and lit-up a A _
perfectly legitimate except for the brilliant purpl
cteated. To hell with Paradox, Hegora wild
and ggoned wildly at Deathlace. "Okay
fort...

‘Sees once, alltthese-Trads, they. weren' nothin' bura
buncha- prophets, wise men, freaks, weirdoes, hermits,
crazies, medicine mien, shamans, sorcerers and hedge wiz-
ards. Geé, kinda Tike they-are now?"Anyway, waaaay back
then, the Traditions weren't like they ate now. They were
just folks who sorta agreed ‘with one another about how
things were. They were, kened, don't get me wrong.
ind of focus— kind of all over
these really tight-assed dudes who
were calling themselves the Order of Hermes... 3

"Theg yo -" Lady.Cullen said from the fant
of the*bus. eee vind and carefully stepping down
from the passenger seat, sh made herway back in the cabin
to where Harleyand Deathlace sat. "Tthink that youshould
watch what yousay about things Hermetic believe' I just
listen in on this travesty of history that: is eruth."

Harley-smiled showing'tagged teeth, shook his head
once and began again as Lady Cullen sat down opposite
them. "Anyways so'thé Order went around well, trying to
get everyone organized, you knows like it was acollege ora
pep tally or'somethin', The Cult, Rav u
Cultlikes to be organized. Not an option, baby.
here andthere went to check things out, but basically itwas _
seriousinilsville."

Deathlace rolled her eyessand looked dubiously "at
Harley. Theslang was gettingia bit thick, even for her. She
could never tell whetherHarley was kidding her or nots
TherélWas a bit'of silence; and then Lady Cullen inter-
rupted it, placing her hand on'Deathlace's silken forearm.
"Child, the @rder wasdesigned in those days to. accept any.
of the Traditions who wished to join and become part ofour
great experiment. The Houses of our current-day Order
Sprang from this widespread accéptance. Many of the other
Traditions,have been enriched by our knowledge

Harley looked down over his sunglasses at the Ladys
and then' back at Deathlace. "Yah: So, anyway, I\don't
know ifyou've heard about it) but back then, about the time
of the Renaissance, there was a group of anal-tetentive
teality freaks who decided thatitheir ways were the best
ways, and that they were gonna take over. No, lain'ttalkin'
about the Order of Hermes. " Harley eririned, looking to

the place:

Book Five: Parables / 177


178

Men iipapairl
i

The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Lady Cullen to take the bait. She didn't. "...I'm talkin'
about the Order of Reason. They met in secret, it's said, and
they created and planned to throw the largest wet blanket
in the world on top of the best party in all history. What I'm
talkin' about is the Gauntlet, sugar, You see, it wasn't like
one day there were faeries and dragons and magick and
pretty girls with tiny feet and nothin' on the next."

"There's still pretty girls with tiny feet..." Deathlace
said, giggling and wiggling her toes in his face.

Harley grinned, but he was on_a roll, "It was slow,
gradual, quiet. An idea here, a bit-o' lore there. The best
thing that the Order did was to not openly attack the
Church, even though the Church immediately attacked it.
Nope, folks, it immediately went right out and helped the
Church withrits little Inquisition. I can't prove anything,
butbbelieve that the Cabal of Pure Thought, which would
later become the Convention of the New World Order,
had long infiltrated.the Dominicans. Anyway, the Inquisi-
tion turned from searching for heresy to searching for the
supernatural. They Started checking for vampires, witches,
and'werewolves. Now, m'Boss told me..."

Lady Cullen nodded slowly, "Yes." She shut her eyes.
"Yes, Torquemada was most likely of the Cabal of Pure
Thought. He was a horrible man who enjoyed the psychic
pain of others."

"Tha's right. So, the Inquisition, the Black Death, the
Crusades, the rise of the power of the Syndics all spelled
major change for us. But really, what knocked us for a loop
was the Gauntlet. Reality started gettin' thick, like Jello
congealin'in a fridge. A whole bunch of mages ran off into
the Void, like the Marauders. do. A whole bunch decided
that they would throw in with the Big S himself and went
the heavy-metal route. Heh. And then there's us. We
weren't too keen about leaving our wonderful Earth, and
themthere's the Big Flop of the Order of Hermes..."

"Child, your tutor speaks to you lightly of something
that was as bad to us as the Holocaust was to your people.
When the Gauntlet was finally deployed, the quieting of
magick that occurred shatterédiancient spells thatheld our
most powerful magicks. It destroyed over-a century of
magickal learning. Those who had come to depend upon
fhagick tosurvive were utterly and immediately slain. And,
in the worstéases, the Avatar within many of us was ripped
asunder; our minds were made into a child's toy of tangled
String. We were.even denied the utter transcendence of

‘Twilight, then. So much was lost, so many died. It was a
dark day for the Traditions then." Lady Cullen said, lips
making a thin line, her chin wrihkled, her eyes intense.
"Many mortals also died in the resulting struggles. Our
people first blamed the Verbena and the Chorus, and they
reacted with magickal attack. This caused many unheeded
and unnecessary deaths, even among Sleepers— a fact that
the Order of Reason used against us. We were doomed as
the masses united against us."


Deathlace looked up at Harley, questioningly. A dark
pall hung in the air. Harley took a big long swig of his Jack
Daniels and ran his hand across his Fender. "But, | thought
you guys were mages. Why didn't you just... blast ‘em?"
Deathlace asked, looking at Lady Cullen.

"Blast ‘em? You know better than that, Barbara," came
another female voice. It was Heasha. Deathlace hated to be
called ‘Barbara.'\Heasha made a grand entrance, melting
out of the shadowy area near the stairs. She couldn't keep

her opinions out of any conversation, Harley had been

waiting for her Verbena input. "Hell, at lease the Order of
Reason ‘shook us up and got us to the table, working
together..." Heasha muttered under her breath. "Let me
show you what happened, child...

The Verbena knelt down next to.her and took off a

leather thong-necklace that she was-wearing, and slowly
eased it around Deathlace's hands: "You see, Barbara,)it's
very easy to become entranced when someone's quietly
easing something around you.."— with asnap, Heasha
pulled up, and instantly bound the younger student's wrists
together— "... and then closes the snare quickly. As you!
ean see, there's not much you an do withyour hands tied."
Harley took anothe® fong drag /on his tigdretter as He
watched the interplay between his studentand his Chantry-
mate.

"You done?" He asked, looking Heasha in the eyes.
Heasha nodded and let the young gitl's arms go. Deathlace
shook out her hair, grinning, a little flushed, and just
looked at Harley, taking a long pull on the whiskey herself
this time. She was still blushing when Heasha finally sat
down'actoss from Lady Cullen.

Heasha smiled, briefly noting Deathlacé's embarrass-
ment. "The point I'm trying to make, sister, is that if we had
known what the Order of Reasonwas doing, we would've
prevented it. It's that simple. But they were utterly subtle,
and the changes they made were so slowly and carefully
thought out that we were caught unawares."

"Why didn't.the Chorus warn you? T mean, weren't
they part of the Church' back then?" Deathlace said,-rub-
bing her wrists and looking quietly at Heasha, who bent
forward and massaged them apologetically.

"The Chorus was too busy searching forthe One to
listen'to the cries of the Traditions. They were off in their
abbeys and hermitages, praying and fasting. Boy, were they
surprised when they came outta the clouds," Harley said,
grinning. He played a riff on his axe, and Deathlace
recognized it from "Jesus Christ Superstar."

A fifth voice joined them in the living room of the bus,
deep, resonant, and lyrical. "We were indeed. Never has
the Chorus been so deeply betrayed. Never have we learned
such a harsh lesson." Christopher stepped into the room,
from the.top of the stairs. Dressed in simple jeans and a
white t-shirt, he had just taken a shower. With his lion's
mane of hair and his pure face, he looked like an angel in

a 501 commercial. With him came Heasha's familiar, a
white Abyssinian named Shella.

Lady Cullen turned and addressed him, "Well, Chris-
topher, that's all very well and good. What about the
covenfolk and custos that were slaughtered in the name of
the Crusades and the Inquisition? How were we supposed
to respond when we believed it was the Chorus behind
these attacks?"

Christopher bowed his head, "Yes. Well. Ifyou had but
come to us sooner, you would have learned the truth..." He
sat down next to Deathlace on the couch.

Harley swore and took a long drag on his cig. "The
whole damn Chantry's in th' living room! Ain't there
anybody drivin' this thing??"

Heasha nodded as her familiar jumped up into her lap.

"She pettéd the white Abyssinian. "The Doctor. Or perhaps

one of his driving programs?"
The whole Magic Bus Chantry lurched as it changed

lanes, and even the internal reality was affected. Harley.

shook his head,."Let's just hope it ain't the formula-one
program he did the other week. Sheesh. I don't want to get
stopped by, the cops for speedin'."

Deathlace sat down and crossed her arms, pouting.
"Hey, folks, Hatley was telling me a.story and..."

"And, obviously, being'a wise soul, you want the
Truth. Or do you?" Heasha said, her eyes challenging the
young woman's resolve. Looking up, Heasha patted the seat
next to her. "Come oyer and sit down, Christopher. Be-
sides, Shella wants to see you." Christopher took the
beautiful cat into his lap and began scritching her favorite
spot.

"Anyway, so, basically, the story goes that Baldric of
the Order of Hermes, on the good word of a Cultist of
Ecstacy named*Sh'zar, took a group 0" grogs and went
lookin' for someone of the Verbena and someone of the
Chorus who'd talk to ‘m, because they were the easiest to
fiiid. Now, mind you, as our good companions have said
already, those groups were already upto their ears in trouble
and meaner than a dog on Ex-Lax."

"There was no Cultist involved. He went alone, based
on a divination he didforhimself." Lady Cullen said.

Heasha shook hermane of flame-ted hair. "No, Lady,
T'm sorry. The Goddess Herself came to the man, and he
had the:good sense to listen to Her for once."

Christopher sighed, "I don't supposed mentioning the
Archangel Gabriel would help at this point, would it?"

"Would y'all please shut up? Y'all know there's more
versions of this tale than there are versions of ‘Louie,
Louie,' so give me a friggin' break. I'm tellin' it, so it's a
Cultist, okay." Harley said; taking the bottle back front
Deathlace and swigging down another shot.

"Anyway, he lucked out. He happened to find a mage
named Nightshade/of the Verbena, and an old follower of
St. Nerius named Valoran from the Chorus; both of whom

Book Five: Parables 179


happened to have-a.good solid-head on'théir shoulders, a
rarity-amOng their Traditions at that time."

Heasha snorted. "Nightshade is my name-mother, and
you better be nice to her, or I'll make all that lovely whiskey
in your system go away. Hard."

Harley shuddered andgtinned, "Don't worry ‘bout me,
Heash»!'m jus' havin?some fun. Anyway, so; they actually,
all three, ‘got together in the ruins.of,an.old Hermetic
Chantry called Mistridge that had gotten slammed in the
Albigensian Crusade, in the southvof France. You see,
Nightshade was a bi... | mean; was*a-very, ahh, strong.
willed woman with closely-held opinions. Baldric was from
House Tytalus, and had a hard time' letting someone else
get a word in edgewise, let alone. make peace with them}
And Valoran, well, he Was the holiest of theholier-than-
thou's, ‘cause he used to be a Hermes.and had spenta lot of
time preachin' to the Verbena's: Heathen in the Moorish
Sotith. Well, after a lot of finget-pointin' and wailin' and
yellin' and a visit from some faeries, they finally got down
to business. Aind'they:talked;. sat, down-and got to know
each other. Partied. Jammed:You knéw, justsat down and
hashed everything,out*!They went round and round.and
round, and whén they were done they weren'tsure Whether
they should off each other or get martied. Luckily for.us,
they. decided ta get hitched."

Lady Cullen looked indignant/"Vd hardly call' the,
Traditions Tribunal a magfiagel™

"That's because you'd rather call ira ‘Tribunal': Heck,
what do you call somethin' ‘that puts' together folks so
totally and.completely different from each Other, makes
‘em agree on stuff, and keeps them stuck together for theit.
own good?"

"Only, I guess, this was-a group martiage. Where did
theother Traditions come from?™Deathlace asked, trying
to learn something front the diatribe.

"Allover the place. They reallydidn'thave namesiike
they do today. Basically, Nightshade went roamin'all-over
the placellandsbrought Star-of+Baples, the Dreamspéaker
mage, and the AhL-i-Batin'mage.-."

"ALi-Batin? What's that?" Deathlace asked,-weav-
ing-her fingers together:

"Arabian mages. They dropped duit later, toybe/re-
placed by the Virtually Inept. | mean, the Virtual Adepts.
Let me finish. Baldric from.the Order of Hermes! brought
with hita Ghalech, the Euthanatos mage, and Sh'Zar, his
friend and prophet from the Cult of Ecstasy, and Valoran
brought Wu Jin, the first Akashic Brother, and a former
follower of the artificer-mage Verdi named Diplomate Luis,
a learned scholar who would later be called the first Son of
Ether."

"Like the Doc?" Deathlace said, borrowing Harley's
purple cig before it burned his hand.

"Like-Herr Doctor Geronimo hiniself. Most of these
folks wouldn't have set foot in the same room together. You

180 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

|

t
|
|
|


see, they all felt like they were the A-number-one authority
on magick and‘all thatit entailed,"

"Nightshade was the greatest enchantress of her time."
Heasha said:

"Valoran was a.yery piqus man, thé'@ne's tool in his
times' countered. Christopher.

"Baldriciwas a pompousass. But he was well respected.
Andiwell learned," finished Lady Cullen,

Harley grinned./"Sh'Zar,was almost too cool for the
party, you know what I mean? But he'stuckit out)andl
guess-we should be grateful. Otherwise there wouldn't be
any mages at all," i

"Why's that?"

"Haven't you been canoe jeez-o-pizza, girl.
The Order of Reason was out for our ass and our reality.
And they had already won! It wasn't like this was the ninth
dgping an'.we still had some at-bats: Nopers. It was ‘game
Over;:man. We-had‘no choice, really, Limean, there was a
lot ofignashin*o' teeth, butin the end, what élse could we
do? Give up and go live full-time in those'gteyfaces' cookie-
utter reality, where the sun rises and sets on the ho-hum
Yawn Clock? I think pethaps maybe friggin" hot."

"Indeedinot. We had to come to some kind of consen-
Sus, and perhaps it was only in that timeand in that place
"that we could haye;" Heasha said-as the familia' Shella
stretched out Her paws in Christophiét's lap.

"What place?"sDeathlace' asked, opening a bag of
pretzels.

"They.called the place ‘Horizon'. VII have to take ya
there-sometime. Nice place. Kinda weird, though. Each
Primus—., Primus, that's*the name they. gave ya if\you
showed up to the:meetin'. Literally means*fitst one.' So, |
guess the Traditions were first-come; first-served», Heh—
each Primus dofiatediaccess to one of hisor het Nodes, and
we Wéaved us a place where' even the Order of Reason
would have trouble finding us," Harley said, reaching over
and nabbingia pretzel.

"Baldrie was a Student/of Shallowing Effects and of
~ Regio, and it jist so happened thatValoran, Star-of-Eagles
and Ww Jin learned how to work well together in a very
short time. Soon the Chantry was formed, and one of the
first intentional Horizon Realms was flown,'/Lady Cullen
intefrupted)

"Yes, that's where the name coiies from, from Horizon
Chantry. After that little bit of business, making a little
reality all/your own; everything else was relatively easy. 1
mean, J imagine the first five minutes of the meeting were
the most dangerous, and after that had passed, and no one
got killed, shifted or devolved, I imagine things would go
easily from there," hae said in his wonderfully
warm voice.

"Indeed; Chuietapher The poet the Nine." Heasha
said with certainty:

"What's Nine got to do,with it?" Deathlace Ae

_ pretzels v wh

"Numba Nine, Numba Nine:..McCartney had a hold
on it, babe. It's old numerology. Nine represents a purity of
purpose, an epitome. The fact that nine mages turned out
fora meeting to make peace with each other and attempt
to do something about this whole Order of Reason thing
was a heavy portent back then. Anyway, just like Chrissie
says, the rest was easy compared'to the first fifteen minutes: —
I mean, thi8was like, the ultimate leave-your-politics-at-
the-door gig. Of course there were scrabbles here and there,
most notably between Valoran and Ali-beh-shaar, who was
a Moor. Still a lot of bad blood about Jerusalem, I bet..."

"It was nothing of thessort! The man was a known
consorter-withs demons!" Christopherexclaimed, isvoice
rising an octave.

"Demon, schemons..They were ae little RAL anne
conjuredupyfor his own amusement, Just because he offered
Valoranyone doesn't mean that he meant anything by it:
certainly wasn't trying to.convere him. or corrupt him."
Heasha began, a smile on her face. "Valoran was a virgin;

‘that's why it was sucha big deal; Barbara."

With a éhuckle, Harley continued. "Anyway, so there
were @ few squabbles, but nothing major. Everyone still
mistrusted the Chotus, because of the Inquisition, but for
the most part, a lot of positive work got done. People
decided to work together, decided they would meet again at
each Equinox and Solstice, and that theywould each bring
agift to the group asa wholé the nexttime they came. That
was it, but that little bit was enougl Throughout the
winter, Valoran and Baldric\and Nightshade hammered
outa planto formalize magick ina way that the Primi would
accept. Using somethingofthe Hermetic system ofmagick-
management, they decided tocatégorize magick into Spheres
of power, and do it inesuch'a way that they didn't offend
anyonés Too much, thar'is, When the Spring Equinox
camte, and everyone gathered back together bringing gifts,
it was a really good vibe, like' teally good Dead concert,
you know?" i: ‘

"Humph. If it weren't eS Nightshade selling every
single Primus on the Spheres, we'dibe Sleepers at home
watching out MTV right now," Heasha said, snagging the
bagvof pretzels as Shella poked her nose into it, ,

"The Spheres, the Traditions, the ranking 6 knowl-
edge, the Protocols, everything was Hammered out and
agreed upomat/Horizon Chantty, the Gouncil of the Nine.
For nine years they\met, four times a year, the word
Spreading and members of the fledgling Traditions joining
at each meeting of the Couneil And Heasha,what you said
is right: except that if it Wweren't for the Primi, of,,the
Traditions, none) of us would be Awake@ They put their
heécks and their reputations on the line, Not everyone in
their affiliated magickal associations agreed with the con®
éepts of the Spheres and the Traditions, They warited togo
their own way, and like lone wolves, they usually met with
an untimely end,® Christopher said, waving. aside .the
‘were offeredito him.

= ail Book Five: Parables ) / 181


"That's:pretty.much it, then..." Harley said, looking
longingly at his Fender, wanting to touch it, wanting to
buzz off all the:chatter with a heavy riff.

"What about the Arabian guys?" Deathlace said,
crunching on a pretzel. Shella jumped from Christopher's
lap into hers, and she laughed: when her tail brushed her
noses

"The Ahl-i-Batin were'hot suited for the Traditionsa

They kept to themselves," Christopher said, quietly.

"T beg to differ, Christopher," said Lady Cullen, "1
believe their reasons for leaving had to do with the changes,
in ‘their native homeland» When the spirituality of their
homeland began to be twisted for the Technocracy's put-
poses, and the power of oil began to be more important,
they blamed the Traditions for not doing enough to stop
the Technocracy's advance. So, they retreated to their
private reality. In the end, | think it is best." She sipped a
cup of hot tea that she must've gotten for herself.

Heasha shook her head.no?Ah, I think we missed out
ona lowLook what kind of spiritual wasteland we got into
in the'years'thatfollowed..The imbalance..."

"You're just superstitious about the Nine thing: There
were only Eight Trads*for a While; Deathie, and everyone
got all bent outiof shape about it. Luckily the Virtualldiots,
I mean, the Adepts, dropped in when'they did. I believe
that ‘67.was the last big meeting of the Council." Harley
said, pulling out a set of picks and looking fora fresh pair of
batteries for his tuner in the big leather bag he always
carried,

"How often do they meet?" Deathlace asked, seritching
Shella.

"They were supposed to meet every nine years, but you
know mages— we're busy folks. [t-kinda got overlooked,
and now' they only meet when they absolutely hafta.
Besides, the Traditions are so intermixed and intertwined
now that you can't spivwithout hitting other Trads ina
Chantry, regardless of where the Chantry is: Not too many
are Tradition-specific any more.

"What about, mages like Blackrose, in San Fran?"
Deathlace said, putting Shella on the floor. The familiar
sniffed and bounded off into the cockpit. Deathlace felt a
twinge in her gut. Blackrose was'a good friend of hers,

The sunlight flashed through the window, suddenly
the world was coming into focus. Thepsychedelic lightshow
was dying down, and the bus was slowing down.

Harley held up a dead battery and crooked an eyebrow
at Lady Cullen. She rolled her eyes and held out her hand,
like a mother keeping her son from throwing something
rather than gently handing it over. Harley coughed and
looked down at his frets, running a soft cloth over the finish
of his beauty. Deathlace stared hard at Harley, sensing his
subterfuge, feeling his unwillingness to discuss this particu-
lar topic.

182. The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

"They're... not one of us, babe. Hollow Ones. Or-
phans." Harley said, not looking up.

"Like me?" Deathlace said, her tone and face daring
HarleysHe knew she had Awakened on the street, with no.
master to guide her. No Tradition had claimed her yet.

He didn't even look up. "Like you, babe. Only you'te
gonna be in the Cult of Ecstacy, like we talked about."

"Or the Verbena, if you so wish, child. We would be
able to teach you muchsAnd I think you'd prefer being
among my coven-sisters back/home in Boston," Heasha
said, her tone friendly and warm. ~ :

Lady Cullen smiled. "Listen to them, Barbara. You'd
think they were coaches of a football team recruiting you.
I'm sure it's because of your particularly potent Avatar.
Never fear. Butdo keep inmind the Order. We could teach
you much, if-you are willing to learn."

Christopher just smiled,

"Well, Chris, you gonna give her a sales pitch, too?"
Heasha said, laughing.

His mane of blonde hair was like a halo around him.
"No, if she doesh'rwish to hear the music of the Chorus,
then [will sit quietly. She will ask if she feels like joining
with us, joining with the One."

"What's wrong with the Hollow Ones?" Deathlace
asked, quietly. The things Blackrose had said about travel-
ling with the Chantry started to come back. Am really not
‘one of them? she said to herself.

Heasha didn't even pause."They don't give a damn
about Ascension for one thing. For another, they're just
plain selfish and stuck on themselves. I mean, I could see
them revellingin their pitiful state if they did it for pleasure,
or for enlightenment, but they do it out sheer apathy. They
just don't care. They're lost souls, as far as I'm concerned.
Most of them are a waste of good skin." The venom inher |
voice was like a splash of ice water on Deathlace's face.

"The Orphans must be led, too, Sister." Lady Cullen)
said, a touch patronizing. The older woman seemed oblivi
ous to the rage that was building up inside of Barbara, "They —
willcome to see the Truth, just as the Traditions didi" She
took a pendant with a Seal of Solomon on it and touched
the symbol to both ends of the batteries" There was a
crackling noise,,and a few sparks, and then she handed
them back to Harley.

"Maybe they would, iftthey had a‘place on the Coun-
cil." Deathlac€ said, looking down at her feet, remembering
what Blackrose had told her now. All of it finally came into
Place.

Harley tucked the batteries into his guitar tuner and
began'to correct its tone, smiling arLady Cuillen"Thanks,
Lady: You're better than that bunny with the drums on
TV." Deathlace hated to be ignored, and Harley was doing
a pretty good job of it:

Heasha spoke in response, trying to break the heavy
silence. "They wouldn'taccept a seat on the Council, even


if it were offered to them. They're just like the Disparate in
the early days, those who refused to join the Traditions, but
instead went deep into hiding. They are too caught up in
their own views to accept the ideas of othets."

Deathlace looked up at Heasha. "Oh really? Well,
what would you say if] told you I was‘already a Hollow One?
Inside me, that's what I am. Hollow inside. Hollow like the
Council of the Nine, because you don't know the whole
Story. You know what I think? I think it's time you grew up
and entered the twentieth century, Who cares about nu-
merology? Who cares about stupid superstitions? I'm a
Cancer— does that mean I can't be a mage? You're just
hung Up on. this damn Nine thing, all of you."

The other mages were surprised by Deathlaée's tone,
the vehemence in her voice. Even Harley stared at her,
dumbfounded, for once not having a smappy comeback for
the situation.

ll

i AU | |

Sy qu pe
1

Wie wy

:

Her eyes flashing, Deathlace held up a single finger.
"Get used to another number, how about it? Not 10. Zero.
The end, the beginning,,all in one circle. Hollow. Like
this..." Harley watéhedas hernail grew long and sharp and
diamond-hard. She cut acirele in the glass coffee table and
didn'tieven. blink when the glass circle shattered on the
floor beneath if,

"Get over it: We're the end, we're the beginning. Get
over it. And until you accept us... warts and all... well, you
can just hang up Ascension ."

There was an echo in the livingiroom, an echo of the
shattered cirele, something that spoke to every Avatar in
eyery mage in the room. It was an unmistakable sound to
those gathered there. It was the ring of truth.

As Deathlace:¢litnbed the (stairs) the tears of rage
starting to flow, she couldn't help butsmile to herself.

Downstairs, there was some serious quiet.

Book FiverParabless. 183


ZAMAN LRN Wa
(i A

HLL ee
tid Mic

i M

yi

a

Tuy me "),
| ik ANT

a i

7
iN ry eT

mit Y
lh ATL ha

i) Pra i

Praia

184 The Book of Shadows: The Mage thee Guide

A Brief History of the
Technocracy

... if moral judgments are essentially assertions of value,
and if value is the fundamental ground-stuff of the world, then
moral judgments are the fundamental ground-stuff of the world.

— Robert Pirsig, Lila

Notes of Professor Terrance Whyte

Collegium of History

"A Brief History of Technocracy," Lesson One

The war has brought suffering to all of us. As we work
te bring humanity into the next millennium, there are
those who reject us and blindly rebel against reality. Their
guerrilla tactics
a brave few who try to offer the rebellious mages a place

strike at us repeatedly, despite the efforts of

within our Union. Many of the Tradition mages seek to
remake the world in their own image. They've done that
before.

Most Tradition mages know very little about the
history of the Technocracy. E:
history of what happened, but e:
own bias. As I am so fond of saying, history is not an
absolute s

ch Tradition has its own

ded its

ch Tradition has

ience, it is an interpretation. The mages have
interpreted history to support their own beliefs, and in each
version they advance, their portrayal of us is grossly dis-
torted.

The Technocracy has its own reasons for fighting the
War for Ascension. Individuals within the "Collective"
have their own views on the potential of the Technocracy
and their own personal visions of how to "heal" the growing
Schism within it. Our enemies see us as monsters— faceless
conformists, ruthless dictators or evil overlords. They will
not accept that we are human beings, struggling against
son to a dark world.

powerful odds to bring the light of

Mages who wish to leave the separatism and the
bitterness of the failed Traditions behind should consider
some of the historical accounts commonly related within
the Technocracy. As new members of the Technocracy,
you must remember that truth can be the most powerful
weapon of all. We must examine the truths behind the
War. Although the early efforts of our Union can be traced
to the birth of civilization, the real story of the
Technomancers' role in the Ascension War begins in the

Mythic Age.
The Mythic Age

Everything in the history books about the Middle Ages is
wrong, The Masses will never know the truth, and they do not
‘want to remember. Only We know the real story of the Mythic
Age. The Order of Hermes has forgotten what really happened
They have relied on archaic methods of preserving data, and
their data is corrupted,

Before the Age of Reason, the first mages claimed to live in

topia. It was a Utopia... for them. They claimed to


benevolently watch over their vassals from the safety of their
covenants, but for many, their only true interest was in pursuing
their arcane studies. The peasants often suffered, regardless of
what the Tradition mages say. Perhaps a few covenants properly
tended their flocks, but in many areas, the Masses slowly died as
the forces of the supernatural world grew stronger.

As many of the magi began to slowly go insane, the
peasants in the field began to wonder if they should really rely on
them...

The Mythic Age was a time when superstition and
ignorance were the foundations of civilization. After the
Fall of Rome, most of Europe needed a system to protect the
people who worked the land. The result was a system of
feudalism. The most powerful organization in this structure
was a group of individuals Gifted with the talent of magic:
the magi.

The magi established Hermetic Orders to perfect their
skills. To find the freedom to practice their craft, many
made arrangements with the populace of their regions. The
practitioners of magic offered to assist the populace in
caring for their community. They offered to protect the
land from danger, deal with the threat of supernatural
forces, and employ the most talented members of the
populace as part of their retinues. In exchange for this, the
people would help the magi maintain fortresses in which
magic could be studied. These places were known as cov-
enants. The system was simple, and it worked... fora while.

While the vampires controlled the largest cities and
the werewolves cared for the untamed wild, the magi led a
double life: they pursued intellectual perfection while they
oversaw their land and their people. Many balanced the
two aspects of their life well. Many of the magi, however,
did not

Some magi neglected their part of the bargain. Some
went slowly insane or disappeared entirely as they reached
the higher levels of their discipline. Others simply failed to
protect their lands from the forces that threatened to
destroy them. For every mage that neglected the needs of
the Masses, trust in the covenants began to falter.

I would like to focus on a classic example of a once
thriving covenant that betrayed that trust: a covenant
known as Mistridge. As the decades wore on, the people
living near Mistridge grew increasingly dissatisfied with

their protectors. Attacks by supernatural creatures, the loss =
ofa few members of the convenantto the effects of creeping

insanity, and the betrayal of the Tremere magus named
Grimgroth were are all part of the gradual disintegration of
a once respected covenant.

Atthesame time, an obscure Order of mages who:
secretly in a region near Mistridge were explorin
new theories of magic. Although their Order was not
in this area, many practitioners of this group were
members of a larger group of radicals called House
Miscellania. They had their origins in. many movements,
and they have been referred to by many names. Many

We

Q

2

(GG

"ls

MNES


Technomancer accounts identify this group as simply "The
Craftmasons."

There has been ample speculation concerning their
original philosophy. One common account is that the
Craftmasons wanted to find a way for the Mass
their own power and live independently of the covenants.

to hold

By creating items of power that anyone could use, they
worked to undermine the system of feudalism. Further-
more, they saw the supernatural activity near the covenants
as threats to everyone's survival. By shutting off the power
of the spirit world, by draining the land of magic, the threat
of these forces to the mages and the Masses would be
reduced.

To expand their domain, assist the Masses, and test
their recent innovations in magical theory, they made their
move ona winter day in the early 13th century. They began
the liberation of Mistridge.

The War for Ascension had begun.

The Revolution of Mistridge is a classic example of how to
handle a Chantry. First, a few Ex Miscellania mages raised the
Spirit Gauntlet around the building and lowered the magical
power within. Then the shock troops— consisting of irate
peasants—kept everyone inside the covenant. Of course, afew
Spies within had already taken out a few key magi, but the real
soldiers arrived later to lay into them with their greatest weapon.

Hey, all those ideals about chivalry and single combat were
useful in the Mythic Age, but the protectors of the land couldn't

186 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

do their job. That's why we invented the tools of liberation.
That's why the cannon was invented. That's why Mistridge was
reduced to rubble

— Field Commander Davis, Instructor of Iteration X
HIT Marks

Terrance Whyte, Collegium of History

Excerpts from Lesson One

...and although Sleepers were not able to use the
cannon in battle until the Siege of Metz in 1324, it made for
an outstanding magically-enhanced weapon for the
Craftmasons of the 13th century. Mathematicians and
engineers transported several of the devices to support
revolutions in other parts of Europe...

After the destruction of Mistridge, the Craftmasons
taught their Gifted apprentices the basics of their tech-
niques. This included erecting Spirit Gauntlets to isolate
covenants, methods of draining these covenants of their
magical energy, and skills for manufacturing devices to
bring prosperity to the people. The Masses no longer
needed to rely on magic to protect themselves from the
unknown. They relied instead on the devices of the
Craftmasons to improve their lives. Better farming tech- °
niques, medicine, sanitation and education are but a few
examples. The most effective weapon against the Tradi-
tions was the idea that an elite group of mages was no longer
needed to rule the world. Society no longer existed to serve
the magi. It existed to allow the Masses to thrive.


The first Craftmason "community" at Mistridge was a
success. Others heard of this unbelievable event. They
heard of the courage of a group of peasants who asserted
their will and helped destroy a corrupt covenant. Similar
revolutions were occurring throughout Europe.

The belief in magic as a form of protection waned.
Belief in the need for magic began to wane as well. A
different paradigm of reality was born: a system where
superstition did not hide solutions to one's problems, where
mysticism did not leave true knowledge to the few. The
idea itself was quite old, but the Craftmasons helped spread
it throughout Europe. Reason and order 2 to replace
fear and superstition. The new leaders who emerged were
not practitioners of the magical arts. They were Sleepers.

Another movement in the 13th century also fueled the
fires of dissent. The Inquisition strengthened the power of
the Church and assaulted the forces of the supernatural.
The Craftmasons and their allies were not the only ones to
recognize the threat of the supernatural world; they merely
handled the situation differently. Some segments of the
Inquisition declared the mages to be "evil" and added to the
bloodshed of the first Pogroms.

The death and misery was compounded by the greatest
failure of the covenants: the Black Plague, a scourge of
unknown origin that destroyed magi and Sleepers alike.
Many Sleepers who formerly trusted the covenants had no
choice but to turn to alternatives.

As the support of magic lessened, the forces of Domin-
ion and Reason were strengthened by belief. Magic had
always been predicated on belief. The Faith of a holy man
could enrich the spirituality of a church, a belief in the fey
could help someone enter a regio of the faerie world, and
the belief of a mage in his own power assisted him in
exerting his will. This entire system was supported by the
belief of everyone that the power of magic was real. Reality
shifted. The Church's power of Dominion and the growing
power of Reason eclipsed the powers of magic.

Magic died because humanity wanted it to die. The
spirituality of the land still existed in some places, but
hatred towards the mages and the memory of their failures
raised other forces in its place.

Science did not begin with the Age of Reason. There was
always science— the rules were merely different back then.
People were willing to believe in just about anything: ghosts,
faeries, giants, even the philosopher's stone.

But there were still things that were too far from reality to
be believed. They hid in the realms of Arcadia or other worlds
waiting nearby. They were held at bay by a spiritual force that
mankind never knew existed. Now we have a name for i it.

"Paradox."

St a eee

—Ashton, defector from the Order of Hermes
The Masses swarmed the continent hunting mages a
well, and the force of Paradox aided them. The people ~
vowed never to be at the mercy of mages again. The
Craftmasons hid and watched, leaving more of human

history to the Sleepers. Their powerful spirit magics, in the
meantime, helped guide the forces of Paradox. A renais-
sance was underway.

The revolution of Sleepers, the campaigns of the
Craftmasons, the Black Plague and the Inquisition were
major forces in ending the failure known as the Mythic
Age. A few evasive mages escaped into the "spirit world" as
they abandoned their covenants. One Order, the Tremere,
even joined with the vampires to escape retribution. As the
Pogrom raged, the Craftmasons continued their researches.
The items they crafted became more and more fantastic.

Excerpt from Lesson Three

...soon the surviving magi protected themselves by
secretly forming the Order of Hermes. They allied with the
so-called "Traditions," many of which were no older than
the origins of the Conventions. The real magical power was
vested in a rapidly growing society of Awakened philoso-
phers and inventors who held many of the beliefs of the
original Craftmasons. The Order of Reason was larger,

stronger, and held the support of a growing consensual
reality.

The origins of the Conventions existed long before the
Order of Reason. The scholars who first gave the world
mathematics began the long path towards the program-
ming of Iteration X. The healers of Ancient Greece and
Rome were the humble beginnings of the Progenitors.
Ancient astronomers laid the foundations for the twenti-
eth century Void Engineers. Of course, these discoveries
came from throughout the world. Enlightened men and
women pursued science throughout the world, from the
inventors of China to the navigators of the Phoenicians.
Once the Order of Reason gained strength, these disparate
historical elements came together, and the Order changed
the course of history.

Behind the scenes, however, the Craftmasons kept
their existence secret. They were the hoarders of wealth,
the makers of kings, the architects of reality, and the most
powerful of the mages. They were also human, with human
frailties. A few became corrupt in their power, and the first
seeds of the Schism were sown.

The Age of Reason

Even in the Age of Reason, science was just a way of
proving that anything was possible. Science used to be a tool for
dreaming. Yes, there was Paradox then, but people were so
enraptured by the possibilities of science that its forces were
weak.

If only we could build Da Vinci's inventions again. They
teally worked then...

—Dr. Horatio Baldridge, Son of Ether, currently liv-

_ing in the Cloud Realm of Montgolfier

Excerpt from Lesson Four

_ The hidden leaders continued their agenda while

y members of the Order of Reason found methods of
ting their magic. They were inventors, explorers,

Book Five: Parables 187


dreamers and innovators. It was a Golden Age, especially
for one rapidly growing secret society— the Parmenideans.

Their name began asa joke, for the Greek philosopher
Parmenides rigidly believed in the power of stasis. The
mages of this secret order sought to defy this stasis when-
ever possible. Asa result, early science was justas outlandish
as magic. However, the illusion of stasis was maintained
while the dynamism of magic was explored. The practice of
their craft, the perfection of invention and creation, was
something they knew they had to do secretly. This move-
ment refined many of the early ideas of coincidental magic.
Furthermore, by altering the boundaries of reality, by
performing coincidental acts that could later be replicated
by actual inventions, science advanced.

The Parmenideans understood the practice of magic in
the presence of Sleepers. The Inner Circle gained its power
by carefully directing and orchestrating their efforts. They
formed organizations to oversee the efforts of the Outer
Circle and organized august bodies to debate the conse-
quences of their actions. These were the first formal
Symposiums.

With the passage of time, the names of various sub-
groups came and went. The word "Craftmason" fell out of
use, although the word "Parmenidean" remained through-
out this period. The name remained in use throughout the
Renaissance, an era that allowed for the building of a more
egalitarian civilization. Since the Parmenideans estab-
lished the foundation for the Sons of Ether, the Traditions
are quick to claim their achievements as Tradition ideas.
This is, of course, foolish. The Parmenideans followed the
dictates of the Inner Circle...

Excerpt from Lesson Five

As they continued this exploration, a few noted
Parmenideans broke the boundaries of reality. The param-
eters of possibility shifted. By overcoming the force of
Paradox, they redefined the nature of society. One ex-
ample was Gutenberg, a Technomancer who found a
brilliant coincidental application of the powers of the
Mind to disseminate information— under the guise of the
printing press.

Copernicus was, undoubtedly, one of the greatest
members of the Order of Reason. By drawing upon the
assistance of a group of scientists, he performed one the
most powerful communal rotes the world had seen. The
Traditions have stated that because of Copernicus, the Sun
actually ceased to revolve around the Earth: The Tradi-
tions expect its recruits to believe that the power of
Correspondence moved the Sun and the Earth. This is yet
another one of their lies. The Earth has always revolved
around the sun. %

Publicly, Copernicus disproved erroneous beliefs con-
cerning the nature of the solar system. Privately, Copemicus
had been watching events in the depths of space. His cabal
succeeded in further strengthening the Gauntlet around
the Earth, shutting out malefic forces he had seen waiting —

188 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide


beyond the Horizon. His supporters, following the precepts
Of earlier astronomers, advanced his Convention, one that
would later become part of the Void Engineers.

The Victorian Age

Hell, the word ‘Technocracy' started in th
Siums of the Victorian Era. We almost won the war right
then. When this VR program is finished, it's gonna show a
lot of the new recruits what Victorian London was really

like...
Lightspeed, VR programmer, former Virtual Adept

Sympo-

Excerpts from Lesson Six

‘One of the most productive time periods for the
Technocracy was the Victorian Age. Several Conventions
grew more visible. One was the result of a few Awakened
secret society members who had formed a Lodge hidden
within Scotland Yard...

December 18th, 1886

The screaming will not stop. I have tried repeatedly to purge
the neighborhood of those horrific spirits, but my efforts are not
enough. If sorcery can raise them, then sorcery can dispel them.
Thave organized my assistants from Scotland Yard, and we will
drive this horror from our midst. We will act as one to purify this
neighborhood for the safety of all

—Diary of Inspector Rathbone

This well-orchestrated team of hunters who used their
magickal abilities to safeguard England against the en-
croaching horrors of the unknown formed the foundation
of what would later become the Men in Black...

London grows each day. If our production is to properly
meet the demands of the populace, we must increase our efforts
to meet the demands of the machines. Otherwise, the Masses
will starve

— Augustus Fortinbras, Executive Director of the
Guild

Industry also flourished. A few Enlightened magi were
able to capitalize on the possibility of using magick to speed
production and predict the success of companies. The idea
of using business to assist the Masses began in the late
Middle Ages with a society known as The Guild. This
Convention evolved in the Victorian Age with the advent
of the Industrial Revolution, and the Guild later became
the Syndicate.

The descendants of the apprentices who assisted
Copernicus and Kepler still labored towards their explora-
tion ofthe heavens. The fringe Convention of the Celestial
Masters— who later merged with the "Seekers of the
Void"— continued to collect their data.

The Parmenideans became enthralled with the idea
that the Earth was bathing in a spiritual mist. Data col-

lected from magical experiments lead to the discovery of

= Deep Umbra; although two of the leading mages in this
et investigation, Michaelson and Morley, insisted on
the "Etheric Continuum." The discovery so

Book Five: Parables 189


alarmed this Convention of mages that the name "Sons of
Ether" came into vogue. The name stuck.

The "Corruption" of Technology

Doyoureally think the Technomancers shaped reality? You
really believe that? It's the same old question: does mankind
reshape history, or does history reshape mankind? I think the
events of this century got out of control, and that destroyed the
Order of Reason. I am free from blame only fault was
trying to describe things as they really are. I'm glad you're
going to kill me, because now I can really be free.

—Xerxes, former agent of the
Euthanatos spy

As technology continued to advance, so did the Con-
ventions. Inventions in communications led to further
development of the Correspondence Sphere, and a group
of Sons of Ether began to split off to pursue this study. The
Void Engineers, looking out upon the endless reaches of
space, also set out to master Correspondence, pushing into
new frontiers. ‘

The Symposiums, still led by the Inner Circle of the
long occulted Craftmasons, had other agenda. By extrapo-
lating upon the data of the Sons of Ether, they found a way
to explore the further reaches of the ether. Vehicles were
constructed to carry Symposiums beyond the Horizon,
establishing research installations in the Deep Umbra.

Beyond the Horizon, the Symposiums were able to
establish their bases of operations. The Technomancers
were able to fully pursue research without fear of Paradox.
With this advantage at their disposal, their science grew by
leaps and bounds. In fact, their knowledge grew too
quickly...

The Cutting Edge
If a man's reach can't exceed his grasp, then what's a

heaven for?

—Robert Browning

Freed from the constraints of Earthly reality, the Tech-
nocracy soon advanced far beyond the technology of Earth.
Some of the Technomancers of the Deep Umbra lost touch
with the reality, and morality, they left behind. By the '80s,
some Technomancer innovations were estimated to be
approximately 50 years ahead of the technology of the
Masses.

Eighty years of unrestrained research had a delet
effect on what once began asa fringe revolution against the

stated that this was the result of improper
Inner Circle. I find such radical beliefs
leaders deep in the Great Beyond still hol
ideas of "helping" the Masses. However, I will
qualification: some leaders of the research ins'
including some of my former colleagues, have adjust
concept. They see themselves as infallible, removed
the imperfections of the Earth. They claim to know what

190 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide _

covenants. Some analysts of the Collegiums have boldly.

best for humanity. Our victory has been predicted, and in
turn, this has given them the fortitude to do anything in the
name of progress. This, however, is only one segment of the
Technocracy. Forgive me. I digress.

Countless discoveries in Technomancer t
occurred during the twentieth century. The firs
Spacecraft began exploring the solar system, venturing
beyond the Gauntlet strengthened by the Craftmasons,
Copernicus, Kepler and others. Bases were established on
the Horizon, in the Deep Umbra and on other worlds.

One Deep Umbral journey led to the discovery of
Autochthonia, a Machine Realm located in Earth's orbit
‘on the far side of the Sun. Conjecture continues as to
whether this world is merely a parallel Earth, the result of
the communal magick of Copernicus and Kepler, or actu-
ally a "spirit realm" of the Technocracy. Some call it
Utopia; others call it a fringe religion.

chnology
ecretive

Fuelled by our variants of magick, we have perfected
artificial intelligence, cloning, cyborg technology, fantas-
tic methods of transportation, mind-shattering innovations
in artificial life, and other breakthroughs. We are waiting
to slowly introduce them into the world. Never again will
our influence be hurried.

The Schism

Technology is a tool to empower individuals. We just
wanted to empower people with the tools to control their own
lives. The Technocracy has forgotten that goal. They see
technology as a force to enslave the Masses, not liberate them.
They're fanatics. That's why I'd do anything to destroy them.

— Zarathustra, Virtual Adept, From issue #136 of the
webslinger.spys-demise samizine ‘
...despite the ongoing debates, many of the Sympo-
siums and research labs had already retreated to the Horizon
and were oblivious to the criticisms of individual
Technomancers. Many analysts of the academic Collegiums,
for instance, were discounted by the more "elite" practitio-
ners of the Executive Orders. They obtained the freedom to
critique and analyze, yet our greatest chance to offer our

echnocracy always came from our task as

two Conventions that have not concurred
the new Technocratic agenda. They could not pursue
sir goals through civilized discourse, and they have been
isenfranchised from the Collective. Whether they de-
fected or were cast out is a matter of some conjecture. The
Sons of Ether, seeing the results of their research, no longer
fit within the rigid hierarchy that was being established.
Many left during the Victorian Age rather than attempt to
heal the Technocracy. Decades later, the Virtual Adepts,
onvention based around the discovery of Virtual Real-
fled, divorcing themselves from responsibility in

_ defections, we have examined our Union
tiny. Some members of the New World


Order have spoken of a growing Schism in our ranks. Our
leaders beyond the Horizon do not always have direct
contact with our agents in the field. Those who bring
innovations through research do not always listen to warn-
ings from the theorists and academicians. Different views
of Ascension, different opinions on our future, different
opinions on how we must handle the Tradition mages—
although we stand United, the debate we pursue over these
issues is rigorous.

There is, however, a great deal of common ground. We
care for the future of humanity. We bring progress, innova-
tion, security and enlightenment. We are the advocates of
technology and, as such, the protectors of humanity.

The Future of Technocracy

-both sides are becoming identical. What, in fact, is being
created: an international community, a perfect blueprint for
World Order. When the sides facing each other realize that
they're looking into a mirror, they will see that THIS is the pattem
for the future

+2, The Prisoner, "Chimes of Big Ben"

Do the actions of the Technomancers in this millen-
nium demonstrate that all technology is "evil?" Far from it.
Medicine, communications, sanitation, education, trans-
portation... all these breakthroughs for mankind resulted
from the explorations of the Technomancets.

The Traditions, who once failed to lead the world,
rejected their opportunity to join our future. Selfdelusion,
of Ascension help them to pro-
nounce all Technomancersas "evil." Anachronists, cultists,
primitives, hedonists, worshipers of death— some of these
misfits of reality label all technology as "evil," despite the
many advances it has given civilization:

escapism and fantasie

The clock cannot be reversed. The magi once con-
trolled the Mythic Age, but they have failed. The Tradition
leaders strive to shift the parameters of reality to serve
themselves, but they do not understand humanity. Now we
offer the Tradition mages two choices. They can take the
challenge of joining the lowest levels of the Technocracy
and help to heal reality or they can continue to defy us and
become extinct. If they do not join us, if they directly
oppose the dictates of the Inner Circle, they will die. They
can choose to end this war. Their choice isasimple one: life
or death.

We must never forget the importance of our cause. We
must never forget what history has shown us. Our Union
has brought humanity out of the Dark Ages and into the
light of Reason. Now we must gather together to heal the
growing Schism in our ranks. For the sake of humanity and
the stability of reality, there is only one option for us:
overwhelming victory.



Book Six:
Guiding Words

Council

The measure of wisdom is a hard look in the mirror.
The measure of maturity is the ability to act on what you see.
— Heasha Morninglade, Verbena Adept

Mage covers a lot of ground, but at a
basic level, it's a game about choices; if you
had the power to mold reality, what would
you do with it? How would it change you?
And how would you cope with the obstacles
and temptations that would come with such
a realization?

The following essays offer some guidance to Mage
players and Storytellers. Some address the game itself,
while others compare the World of Darkness with our own
"real world." These essays are meditationsonthegameand —_,
our thoughts about it, not gospel handed down from on
high. We're all players here... players of one game or
another.

Book Six: Guiding Words 193

The Hero's Handbook
By John Robey

The mythological hero, setting forth from his common-day
hutor castle, is lured, carried away, or else voluntarily proceeds,
to the threshold of adventure. There he encounters a shadow
presence that guards the passage. The hero may defeat or
conciliate this power and go alive into the kingdom of the dark...
or be slain by the opponent and descend in death... Beyond the
threshold... the hero journeys through unfamiliar yet strangely
intimate forces, some of which severely threaten him (tests),
some of which give him magical aid (helpers). When he arrives
at the nadir of the mythological round, he undergoes a supreme
ordeal and gains his reward. The triumph may be represented as
the hero's sexual union with the goddess-mother of the world...
his recognition by the father-creator..., his own ater,
or, again— if the powers have cits unfriendly to him— hg
theft of the boon he came to gain...; intrinsically, it is an
expansion of consciousness and therewith of being... The final
work is that of the return. If the powers have blessed the hero,
he now sets forth under their protection. ..; if not, he flees and
is pursued... At the return threshold the transcendental powers
must remain behind; the hero re-emerges from the kingdom of.
dread... The boon that he brings restores the world...

— Joseph Campbell's capsule definition of the
Monomyth, from The Hero with a Thousand Faces,

The Random House College Dictionary, Revised Edition
defines a hero as "a man of distinguished courage or ability,
admired for his brave deeds and noble qualities," "a man
who is regarded as having heroic qualities and is considered
a model or ideal," or "a small loaf of Italian bread." How-
ever, Joseph Campbell Fanatics (like me) tend to prefer the
Campbellian definition of a Hero, which is simply anyone
(man, woman, child, spirit) who is dedicated to something
other than himself — another person a relationship, a
cause, and so on. In Mage, the player characters are Heroes
who have dedicated themselves to making the world better
by unraveling the intricate grid of the Technocracy — or
who will make the world better when they discover what
the Technocracy plans to achieve.

In order to achieve this goal, the heroes must first
undergo the long and difficult process of making them-
selves better people; this is the archetypal Hero's Journey,
wherein the Hero improves the world by improving herself.
This essay is designed to identify steps in this journey, to
help players think of directions for the characters, and to
provide Storytellers with tools to add meaning to their
stories. Keep in mind that these are only the major points;
plenty of minor motifs inevitably fall through the cracks.
Interested parties are referred to The Hero with a Thousand
Faces or Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth as good
starting places for more detailed discussions.

The basic motifs of the Journey are contained in the
Monomyth, quoted at the beginning of this essay. The

194 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Monomyth is nothing more than the reduction of the many
and varied stories of the different cultures of the world to
the most basic elements that they have in common. The
stories that endure for centuries or millennia (Ancient
Greek mythology, the mytho-religious stories of the Judeo-
Christian tradition, Buddhism, Islam, Shakespeare,
Arthurian legends, fairy tales and so on) all contain ele-
ments of the Monomyth, as do the best stories in popular
culture. Some modern storytellers consciously emulate the
Monomyth (George Lucas is the obvious example, but
there are hundreds of others), while others simply tap into
the "collective unconscious." The Storyteller Games have
all been written with an eye towards linking them to the
Monomyth, but Mage provides the most hope of breaking
through the darkness and getting to the light beyond. The
Storyteller must remember the Hero's Journey so that
players may descend and ascend over and over again.
Keep in mind that the motifs of the Hero's Journey,
while archetypal, should not be clichés. Unimaginatively
following the quest formula will only give you an unimagi-
native game. One way to do this is to avoid the obvious; the
Hero's Journey to the Underworld could certainly be a trip
intoa deep sewer ora Wyrm-infested section of the Umbra,
but a far more unique trip to the Underworld might be a
foray into the uppermost levels of a Technocratic
corporation's skyscraper or a vampire's downtown haven.
These motifs should be obscured whenever possible, pref-
erably only discovered when the player thinks back. If
everyone in the group shouts, "Hey, look, we're going to the

Underworld!", the Storyteller needs to be more subtle.

Elements of the Hero's Journey

The archetypal Hero is unusual in some way, but is
still "incomplete". That is, there is something that sets
him apart from his peers. Even Jack (of "The Beanstalk"
fame), one of the least characterized Heroes of all time, is
unusual: his father is dead, slain by a giant, and Jack and his
mother live far away from town. This difference is neces-
sary: ordinary people don't have adventures. If they did,
they wouldn't be ordinary any more! Obviously, the mage
is "Awakened" and can perform magick. His "heroic"
stature goes deeper than that. Player characters represent
the hope for the future, and, as such, should be unusual
even among mages.

Orphans make excellent player characters for just this
reason. Because they haven't been indoctrinated into the
dogma of any one Tradition, they have an all-encompass-
ing perspective which allows them to see the seeds of truth
in each Tradition's creed without being snared by the
Tradition's particular blind spots.

The Hero leaves home; he either goes voluntarily or
is thrown out by her peers or superiors. Prior adventures
can't take place at home: they must occur in the wilderness,
or on a frontier of some kind. Just as the Hero has been
elevated beyond ordinary experience by being "different,"

his experiences must be elevated to be worthy of him. The
Hero's adventure is the one the Hero is ready for. In the best
stories, only that hero could have that adventure. Eddie

Murphy as a streetwise cop in Detroit is just another
streetwise cop. Put him in Beverly Hills, on the other hand,

and he stands out. His brand of street-smarts is not only a

quirk, it's a liability, though one that ultimately makes
victory possible.

The Hero acquires a helper or mentor. Arthur had
Merlin; Bilbo had Gandalf; Jason had Medea; Bond had Q.
The helper is very often an older kind of "ex-hero" who can
no longer complete an adventure herself, but wishes to pass
her experience on (e.g. Obi-Wan Kenobi). This helper
often puts herself into considerable danger, and may even
sacrifice her life to protect the Hero at his most vulnerable
time. This not only protects the Hero, but instills a sense of
duty and an ideal that will carry the Hero through in later
times of trouble. Eventually, the Hero must see through the
ideal and see the person in the helper — Ben tells Luke a
pretty whopping lie, after all — but he will hopefully have

enough wisdom to eventually understand why the helper
did this.

The Hero must confront The Enemy, usually in
open combat. The Enemy can be a powerful entity (a
Technomancer near the top of the hierarchy with an Arete
10 and akerjillion minions) or can be an idea ora situation
(racism and prejudice). The Hero's earliest victories are

likely to be small ones (beating up a security guard in a
Technocratic Construct), and there will be defeats.

One of the most common defeats is being captured, but
since captured heroes are usually taken into the Enemy's
stronghold, this only leads to (eventually) biggerand better
victories. Another common defeat is the loss of friends and
loved ones. This is often the direct or indirect result of the
Hero's actions (thus giving him something to feel guilty for
later) though it need not be.

Entering the Underworld: The hero eventually gets
to the Underworld, usually by choice, in an effort to gain
something or achieve a goal (gain information, rescue a
person, destroy the Evil King's rule over the land, find
Prince Charming, etc.). Sometimes, however, the Hero is
taken to the Underworld as a prisoner of The Enemy. The
Underworld is usually where the Hero's most significant
victories (and defeats) will occur.

Obviously the Underworld doesn't have to be under-
ground; it's simply someplace dangerous and/or mysterious.
Very often, it forms the heart of The Enemy's domain. In
Mage, the most common Underworlds might be Techno-
cratic Constructs, Nephandus Labyrinths, Shard Realms,
or (best of all) personal Quiet.

The Underworld isa rotten place to visit, but you really
wouldn't want to live there. It is a source of primal knowl-
edge and power, but it also confronts the Hero with all of
the pain and sorrow of existence, and his existence in
particular. The Underworld should be frightening, painful
and just plain nasty.

Book Six: Guiding Words 195


The Hero's toughest battles will always be those in
which the Hero is confronting something within himself—
a weakness, or a crime (often unconfessed) for which he
must atone, or his own inner capacity for evil. Sometimes,
the character fails these tests (King Arthur's marital prob-
lems come to mind), but these failures are only temporary
setbacks.

Once in a very great while, a character may not only
fail the test, but be nearly destroyed by it, such as Darth
Vader's fall or Faust's selling of his soul. This can be a
traumatic thing to play, and will cause large shifts in the
structure of the chronicle. Very often, the character will die
or find herself forced from her cabal. Running such a fall
should be set up between the players and the Storyteller,
but the character should ultimately choose between an
attempt at redemption, eventual death or resignation to
the Land of Recurring NPCs.

The Hero cannot leave the Underworld until she is
redeemed— which isn't to say that she's held prisoner,
although she may be. More often, a Hero fallen from grace
carries the Underworld with her wherever she may go.
Oedipus, Jason and a double-handful of other tragic heroes
spent the latter halves of their lives wandering the world in
torment and never managed to gain redemption. King
Arthur and Lancelot could only be redeemed by the recov-
ery of the Grail, and England withered and became a
wasteland in the meantime...

Eventually, the victorious (or redeemed) Hero es-
capes from the Underworld. It isn't easy; the Hero has to
get through great difficulty and/or sacrifice. George Lucas'
film Return of the Jedi, from the moment Luke Skywalker
surrenders to Darth Vader until the removal of Darth
Vader's mask, is simply one long trip into the Underworld.
Luke undergoes one of the oldest of quests — to bring his
father back up from the abyss. Luke's trials, in this one film,
include despair in the face of the Emperor's power, rage at
the Emperor's treachery, and self-discovery when he is
goaded into nearly killing his father. Even though Luke
successfully passes all these trials, successfully redeeming
his father, a sacrifice is still made — Vader's death at the
end. Any Mage character's trials can be just as difficult.

The Hero has his final confrontation with, and
ultimately defeats, The Enemy, even if The Enemy is
nothing more than the character's own personal bugbear.
This often comes late in the character's career, for obvious
reasons. If the players and the Storyteller want to wrap up
the chronicle, then a climactic end-game in which all of
the characters get a chance to wipe out their personal
Enemy and score a major victory against the Technocracy
is in order. If the tale simply concludes one character's
Journey, that character can either stay in the game or retire,
depending on the wishes of the player and the Storyteller.
Players shouldn't assume that a Hero's journey ends with
the conquest of The Enemy. Life goes on; the world still
turns. If nothing else, the Hero can act as the guide/helper

for others in the chronicle still undergoing their own
Journeys.

Once the Hero has finished his Journey and defeated
The Enemy, the Hero returns home (or settles down in
whatever new home he's adopted), changed and matured
by his adventures, in order to (attempt to) bring his expe-
rience hard-won wisdom back to ordinary people. The
fruits of the Hero's labor thus feed the common good.
Eventually, continuing the cycle, the Hero will be the
mentor for younger Heroes going through the same cycle.

And so it goes...

Roleplaying the
Awakening
By Beth Fischi

Therefore, trust to thy heart, and to what the world calls
illusions.

— Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

We don't see things as they are; we see them as we are.

— Anais Nin

It's often difficult to identify with characters who have
undergone something totally foreign to our own experi-
ences. This becomes particularly problematic when we try
to roleplay an Awakening; since we (probably) haven't
experienced such a thing, we require an "in" into the mind,
background, and experiences of the mage-to-be who is just
beginning to grasp what reality's all about. A number of
factors give us that "in": the character's emotions, her
Tradition, her Essence and her personality.

EMOTION

Think of the Awakening as a cousin to the kind of
dreams that Walter de la Mare once wrote of: "A lost but
happy dream may shed its light upon our waking hours, and
the whole day may be infected with the gloom of a dreary
or sorrowful one, yet of neither may we be able to recover
a trace." The mage cannot forget an Awakening, as such
dreams are soon forgotten, but she may experience the
similar thrill of having touched a profound reality. The
excitement of pursuit and discovery, of intense new under-
standing, is what the Awakening is all about; it's about the
electric moment when conscious, everyday existence con-
fronts a dream reality that is somehow more substantial.

TRADITION

Your character's Tradition largely determines the plot
of the Awakening. Once you've chosen a Tradition for your
character, think about its unique view of reality. The types
of mages it attracts, the attitudes it fosters and the enemies
it has earned will shape your character's Awakening. Re-
member that, with the exception of Orphans, the members
of your adopted Tradition usually take the initiative in
Awakening your character. Consider how these mages
view the Awakening: is it their duty to help you? Is it a


sacred responsibility? Do they guide you out of love, fear,
hope for the future, necessity or some other reason? How
long have they been watching you? Must you pass an
informal or formal trial period first? Is the Tradition like an
exclusive club whose members must have "credentials," or
isanyone with potential brought into the fold? Finally, who
are your Tradition's arch-nemeses, and will they emerge
during the Awakening to prevent the Tradition's induc-
tion of yet another soldier into its ranks?

The Order of Hermes, for instance, might require the
potential mage to make a small breakthrough in numerol-
ogy or astrology before being considered. The Akashic
Brotherhood might ease your character into the concepts
of dynamic reality and magick through a philosophy she has
already begun to practice. Euthanatos mages might attempt
to assassinate the character to teach her the meaning of
death and the value of fleeting life.

ESSENCE

A character's Essence also influences the Awakening,
but more subtly and pervasively than her Tradition. The
Essence that you choose for your character now becomes
the foundation for the many Seekings that she undergoes
later. Arguably the most important Seeking, the Awaken-
ing, should be the character's first step toward the discovery
of her Avatar; it can set the pattern and the mood for her
later discoveries as she gains more points in Arete.

A Sleeper having a Dynamic Essence may find herself
longing to make a difference in the world, but feel a lack of
power and focus. During the Awakening, her Essence helps
her embrace the strange, new reality she's encountering.
Through the Awakening, such a person would see magick's
potential to change the world for the better.

A Sleeper with a Pattern Essence may be disturbed by
the pace of life today, feeling that technological advance-
ment has become divorced from ethical understanding, or
fearing that unfettered materialism has eroded the human
spirit. Such a character is likely to experience an Awaken-
ing whose theme revolves around preserving ethical
responsibility while discovering one's self. Through it, she
may discover that her role is to slow the pace of a chaoti-
cally changing world.

Unlike a character with a Dynamic Essence, a charac-
ter with a Questing Essence probably knows precisely how
he would like to change the world, but doesn't have the
power to do it. The Awakening enables such a character to
pursue his goals. For pessimistic or cynical characters, the
Awakening may even restore her hope in the feasibility of
her task. The Awakening session can give characters of this
Essence a tantalizing taste of the magick that will help them
achieve their deep, inner quests, and it can make them
hunger for more.

Acharacter with a Primordial Essence may initially be
estranged from her own feelings as a result of some deeply
disturbing event in her past. She may unconsciously long
for a time when her emotions were still untouched by the

197


my,
cilin

bel i

ae

=~ tye cH
198 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

SS :

obsessive, alienated and alienating society that has demor-
alized her. The Awakening, for such a character, reunites
her mind with her heart. Through it, she relives that
pivotal, debasing event and defeats it, at the same time she
finds anew hope, one that she can shape with each advance
she makes towards comprehending it.

PERSONALITY

Personality adds emotional depth to the prelude and
externalizes the profound metamorphosis that has caused
the Sleeper to Awaken. When your character undergoes
such an experience, ask yourself what has happened to
him—what changes have occurred in his psychology, his
outlook? Then think about what it takes to get a sense of the
emotional magnitude of the Awakening:

Discovering you have AIDS?

Or that you've found the cure for cancer?

Before you play an Awakening prelude, consider how
your character will react to a world in which magick really
exists. The character might shiver with the knowledge that
creatures of unspeakable evil corrupt scores daily. He might
fear a world in which malevolent organizations hunt him
and his friends to extinction. He might cry for a world in
which everyone for whom he fights is too blind to see the
dangers, and the potentials, surrounding them. And he
might savor a world that is fundamentally foreign to our
own, in which anything from myth and anything from the
dark or forbidden recesses of the unconscious might emerge.

Also consider what sort of a personality progression, if
any, would make sense. A Sleeper with a Jester nature
might become a Caregiver when she confronts and defeats
her sorrow and pain; a Bon Vivant who realizes that
Ascension existsand is attainable might become a Fanatic
ora Visionary. A Curmudgeon who gains an imagination
might even become an Architect while remaining hidden
behind his habitually churlish demeanor. On the other
hand, there are good reasons for a Curmudgeon to remain
a Curmudgeon anda Jester to remain a Jester. It's up to you.

Remember that a successful Awakening story lets you
explore the themes of change and discovery. Much of the
work of setting up this exploration lies in the Storyteller's
hands, but as a player, you have the challenge of devising
the focus around which the Awakening revolves: your
character. The Awakening session should be a vehicle
through which you explore your character. With a little
preparation, your character can ascend to that electric
moment of comparison and feel the dream come alive, not
fleetingly, but forever.


Magick & Belief in
Mage
by Donald H. Frew

If you ask most players of fantasy roleplaying games
about magick, you'll get an enthusiastic description of
fireball spells, levitation spells, shapeshifting spells and the
like in response. You could easily get the impression that
magick in roleplaying games consists basically of imper-
sonal lists of spells that are learned and cast with mechanical
efficiency. Well, maybe that's how magick works in some
fantasy roleplaying games, but not in Mage, and not in real
life. That's right— real life.

Whether or not you or your fellow players believe in
magick, the fact is that the vast majority of the world's
population does believe in it. For them, magick is an
integral part of everyday life. In the world of Mage, it is this
widespread belief that makes magick possible. The Mage
rulebook refers to the Paradigm, the dominant belief about
the nature of reality. It is easy for Western readers to equate
the Paradigm with the Western scientific world-view, but
this is not the case. Everyone across the world may believe
that dropped objects fall, but that does not mean that they
all believe in gravity. They may all believe in illness, but
comparatively few believe in germs.

In Mage, when a sorcerer performs coincidental or
static magick, she is operating within the confines of the
Paradigm of her own culture, in most cases, that of Western
society. When a magician performs dynamic or vulgar
magick, she is trying to break those confines to produce
spectacular and dramatic displays of power. Even with an
Awakened Avatar, it hardly seems possible that any indi-
vidual could overcome the "momentum" of the Paradigm
ofan entire culture. But a mage has at her disposal alternate
Paradigms, ways of understanding the world that allow for
magick. These ways are believed in by sufficientnumbers of
people to overcome the beliefs of the local culture, at least
temporarily, and at the direction of an accomplished magi-
cian.

These alternate Paradigms, the world-views of other
cultures, are represented, in part, by the Traditions. A
magician's training in the beliefs of her Tradition is what
allows her to perform dynamic or vulgar magick.'A player
and a player character must both come to terms with the
idea of multiple Paradigms existing as part of a spectrum
from the global to the personal, with the cultural Paradigms
and those of the Traditions lying somewhere in between.

The global Paradigm is concerned with the common
human experiences of the world, largely as perceived by the
five senses, e.g. things fall, the sun rises in the morning,
hunger is alleviated by food, etc. The cultural Paradigms
try to explain why things happen, whether through cause
and effect, by the action of spirits, or whatever. The
Paradigms of the Traditions (and of human imagination)

theoretically make magick possible. Personal Paradigms
guide the magician's actions in life and explain her rela-
tionship to her world.

Our contemporary Western cultural Paradigm incor-
porates two attitudes towards magick: either it is ignored
completely or it is seen as a kind of proto-science.
Roleplaying games often tend to take the same approach —
either ignoring magick or taking Clarke's Law to heart,
treating it as a technology virtually indistinguishable from
science. What does it matter if your magician castsa fireball
spell or fires laser pistol? In most games, very little. Magick
and science are both treated as predictable and impersonal.

In the real world, and in the world of Mage, magick is
only somewhat predictable and is never impersonal. Magick
is the process by which we and our characters make contact
with and interact with a reality that underlies the everyday
world. In some sense, this is a reality understood as being
more fundamental, more "true," than the everyday world.
As limited physical beings, we and our characters under-
stand this reality by means of various personal symbol sets.
What a Christian adept may encounter as angels, a Pagan
sorcerer may encounter as Gods or a Hermetic magus as
impersonal planetary forces. A magician cannot have such
an encounter and remain unchanged.

As a result of our magickal experiences, we develop
beliefs about that fundamental reality, as well as beliefs
about the everyday world, our personal Paradigm. These
beliefs take the form of conceptions of divinity, ideas of the
afterlife and spirit world, morals and ethics governing day-
to-day behavior and more. Such beliefs in turn, shape our
future practice of magick.

Indeed, magick in the real world and in Mage can be
seen as belief focused by will and skill. In Mage, belief
becomes Arete, will is represented by Willpower and skill
is represented by the Spheres. It is up to each Player and
Storyteller to determine the way belief comes into play,
weaving it into the storytelling aspect of the Mage magick
system. Players and Storytellers should consider the follow-
ing questions, both as conditions for magick use in the game
and as factors shaping the development of a character
throughout a chronicle.

What does the character, based on previous magickal
experience, believe is possible? Self-imposed conceptual
limitations should limit magick as much as the game rules
do. A beginning Mage character, new to the ways of
magick, may still reject the spectacular effects of dynamic
magick out of hand as patently impossible. Until she is
confronted with the reality of such effects, she should not
be able to create them. They are outside of her personal
Paradigm.

¢ What does the character believe is moral and ethi-
cal? For some characters, this may just be an innate sense of
right and wrong; for others, this could be a fear of divine
retribution. A belief that certain magickal acts are immoral
or unethical may cause a character's magick to backfire

Book Six: Guiding Words 199


upon her, not through any outside force, but through the
intent that her own subconscious imposes upon the magick.
A character may invoke her own Paradox Spirits, not
through vulgar magick, but solely through her own expec-
tation of punishment for unethical magick.

© How does each use of magick add to or change the
character's beliefs? Few things can engender, support, ques-
tion or shatter religious beliefs like magick. Dramatic
conversions and crises of faith should not be uncommon for
mages. A character who routinely calls upon a particular
deity for aid, and receives that aid, may come to think of
herself as a representative of that deity upon earth and
suffer from delusions of grandeur. Another character may
see magick as an impersonal force, only to have a vulgar
fireball manifest as a 15-foot Agni, Hindu god of fire, who
smites the intended victim. Or a character may call upon
her god(s) in a moment of crisis and get no assistance or
response at all. Either of these situations could and should
lead to a radical rethinking of the character's personal
Paradigm. In fact, it should not be all that rare for mages to
change their Tradition after one or more such experiences.
Asacharacter's Paradigm changes, so might her Tradition.

Belief is an integral part of the practice of magick. It is
both the expression of the incorporation of one's magickal
experiences into one's life and the context out of which
further such experiences arise. This is true in both the real
world and the world of Mage. The beliefs of mages will
always be fluid, changing with each new magickal experi-

ence and, in turn, changing the way in which the mage
experiences magick. This aspect of the life and practice of
a mage may be more difficult to roleplay, requiring more
care, thought, and time from players and Storytellers alike.
Itcan, however, lenda new dimension of depth and realism
to any Mage character.

Alienation of the Savior
By William Spencer-Hale

Around me, the world whirls about its ludicrous business.
It doesn't even realize what it owes me. Jesus, I'm talking like
a pratt, a paranoid, lonely, pratt.

— Jamie Delano, John Constantine, Hellblazer

Loneliness. Hollow footsteps echoing down darkened
streets; whispers in the shadows heard only by you. This is
the life of the mage, a reality that no one else can see, a
world that can be shared with no other for fear of what may
befall the confessor. It is an existence of silent frustration
and anger where one has the power to alter reality, but
cannot hold rein on the fragile strings of one's own life.

The Gothic-Punk world of the Storyteller system is
dark and lonely; a world of violence, corruption, betrayal
and sudden death. This is perhaps more true for mages than
for any other inhabitants.

Playing a mage, you pursue a lonely existence re-
moved, to a large extent, from the world of the mundane.

You go about your business as normal, hiding behind the
facade that you have created to blend in to your surround-
ings, but there is more to you than those around you can see.
Youhold the fabric of reality in the palm of your hand— the
reality of Sleepers, daydreamers who circle about you so
involved in their daily routine that they remain ignorant to
the truth right before their eyes. It's a truth that you know
all too well.

Like the vampire, who can call upon her clan in times
of need, or the werewolf, who shares close bonds with the
pack as well as the tribe, the mage can call upon members
of his Chantry when necessary. What separates a mage
from the other inhabitants of the World of Darkness is his
uniquely mortal and painfully human point of view.

Indeed, the mage is human, made of flesh and blood.
Her profession separates her from the world around her, but
human nature and emotions still bind her to this world.
Thus, the mage lives life in a paradox, forever cursed to
protect a world she can never truly embrace.

As a player in Mage: The Ascension, you must em-
brace all the conflicting emotions of the world around you
and mold them into your own reality. In your world,
nothing is black and white. There are no absolutes. Every-
thing is awash in varying shades of gray, and good and evil
are nothing more than points on an invisible compass
created by the ignorant fools who whirl blindly around you.
You have no time to ponder what is evil and what is not,
only what is right for the moment, what needs to be done.
Will using "the end" to justify "the means" be enough of an
excuse when your conscience burns your soul and you just
can't seem to quiet the screams that echo through your
head?

The world has no care or understanding of your struggle.
You act as a shield against forces attempting to destroy the
fabric of Sleeper reality. This can be a thankless duty; few
believe in your world, and fewer still would care if you lived
or died there. This ingratitude sometimes awakens bitter
resentment in you and your kind, and this resentment can
be poison in the Ascension War.

You are their true savior; the one who allows Sleepers
tocontinue their peaceful, ignorant existence in safety. Yet
they do not acknowledge you as anything more than
another sheep when, in reality, you are the shepherd that
guides them along their path.

Instead, they help create a reality that serves others
who they believe are the saviors of humanity. They forge
these messiahs in their own image and believe them to be
the saviors who will bless them and lead them away from
the evils that they are too weak to combat themselves. Yet
it is necessary that you maintain your secrets, keep them
well hidden from those who would not understand. They
are infamous for their fear of the unknown and, historically
speaking, often take violent measures to eliminate any-
thing that they cannot fathom.

Your loneliness, your misery is your own, and it must
remain that way. The only people you can turn to are those
of your own kind, and they suffer from the same torments
that you do; alienation from the world that they live in. You
can pretend to be like them, but you will be an outcast
forever.

Remember, there is a balance to your tragedy— the
power that you wield. You hold the forces of reality in the
palm of your hand. Time, Spirits, the very fabric of reality
are mere toys for your entertainment. Only you can decide
if it is worth the price that you must pay.

The Chains of Reason
By Teeuwynn

Each one of us, without exception,... is somewhere at-
tached to, colored by, or even undermined by the spirit which
goes through the mass. Freedom stretches only as far as the limits
of our consciousness.

— Carl Gustav Jung

Mages love knowledge; they crave it like the drug it is.
They are— let's face it— knowledge junkies. The search
for more knowledge, more power, one more ancient tome
of magick, can cause mages to lose sight of the big picture.
Big picture? But the more hard knowledge you possess, the
closer you are to grasping the big picture, right? Wrong—
toa degree.

Knowledge and learning taken out of context can
provide an entirely skewed view of reality. Knowledge
without balance of some kind can be more dangerous than.
total ignorance. Just ask some poor teenage Einstein-
wannabe who blows off his finger in a home chemistry
experiment. Yeah, he possessed the knowledge to make the
formula, but he didn't have a handle on the consequences
of creating that not-so-nifty potion.

Metaphysically, mages can be seen as being in the same
boat as Einstein Junior. There is a grave danger for mages
toying with Reality. They have the power, yes. Paradox
spirits are there to spank them if they flaunt their power too
blatantly, true. However, Paradox spirits care little about
any other ways the mage might screw up.

The world is made up of more than hard facts. Actions
do not occur in a vacuum. In Mage, there is a great
temptation to manipulate Reality and gather knowledge
without any true contemplation of the spiritual and ethical
consequences of such manipulations. Sure, you can play
Mage without a moment's thought to spirituality or emo-
tion, but you may be missing out on some of the more
intriguing aspects of the game. There is a Yang to every Yin,
and often, spirituality, faith and emotions are considered
anathema to detached observation and the sorting of fact
from fiction. But facts cannot truly be divorced from their
emotional and spiritual associations, lest they become less
important, less vital to Reality. A flag without meaning to
the people standing beneath it is merely a piece of colored

Book Six: Guiding Words 201


cloth, but a flag that stirs up powerful emotions in the people
observing it flutter in the breeze is something more than its
physical essence. It becomes a symbol, and thus has the power
toinspire. Many have died forsuch symbolsand the ideals they
represent to their observers. The face of Reality itself has been
altered by the actions the flag inspires.

Ina similar manner, the mage who reaches out emo-
tionally and spiritually to the world around her issomething
more than just another wizard. Her connections heighten
her understanding, and thus, her power. A scientist who
studies a pool of water from the outside (noting its compo-
sition, color, salt content, etc.) does not truly understand
the water as much asa scientist who plunges into the water
and feels it wash over his head, feels that instant of panic as
he leaves the surface world behind. Perhaps he feels joy as
gravity loosens its implacable hold on him for just a little
while, or perhaps he feels fascination observing the odd
beauty of a dolphin. The latter scientist has a greater
understanding of water because he has felt some of its
emotional impact, not just the facts of its existence.

Mages who view Reality as a pool to be studied and
manipulated, something from which they themselves are
detached, can never have a full understanding of Reality.
They have locked themselves out of the party and, as Jung
points out, they are not truly free. In order to stay detached
and clinical, one can never be free to plunge into the pool
and make one's own splash.

This is not to say that learning and reason are not
important to Mage, but if you limit yourself to just that half
of Reality, to just the surface of the pool, the deeper
meanings and interconnections of Reality will never be
yours to understand... or command.

Of course, opening one's mind and senses to the
spiritual rhythms of the universe necessitates one's seeing
the ramifications of actions as more than just any obvious,
factual results. Mages are responsible for their actions and
the consequences of those actions. No one else holds
responsibility for another. In plunging into the pool, in
opening one's mind and heart to the universe, one cannot
deny this responsibility; there is no one else to blame.

It has been observed that chains can be comforting
because a person chained is a person without responsibili-
ties. Someone else is in control; someone else understands.
Such ethical slavery can indeed be comforting, but it
ultimately keeps a mage from ever having any meaningful
impact of her own upon Reality. Clawing for detached, dry
knowledge and reason, the mage only blinds herself.

In order to open her eyes and shake off the chains of
reason, a mage must be willing to let the waves of uncer-
tainty and instinct wash over her. She must recognize that
she holds the keys to Reality and that, in freeing herself, she
accepts all that implies. There are no more parents, no
more jailers. The responsibility of freedom rests squarely on
the mage... and on you.

Enjoy.
202 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide


Turning Vampires into

Lawn Chairs and Other

works of "High" Magick
By Stephan Wieck

"So, can we at least agree that reality in the World of
Darkness is subjective?" someone said.

It was January of 1993, and Mark Rein® Hagen, Chris
Early, my brother Stewart and I were in the middle of fusing
our brains together to create the basis for Mage.

"Yes," said Mark.

"Yes," said Chris.

"Yes!" said I.

"Yes, for now, but remember Lila," said Stewart (whose
equivocal response branched into a discussion that shaped
a future for the metaphysics of Mage, but that's a story for
another time).

So, in designing the metaphysics, and thereby the
magick system of Mage, we began with the basic premise
that reality is subjective and built a system of metaphysics
which grew to include such oddities as Quintessence,
Paradox and Patterns. In the end, we had a system that was
certainly not perfect (what system of metaphysics is?), but
was complete enough to be a good foundation for a system
of magick, and for a mage's concept of the universe itself.
From the metaphysics, it was a natural progression into
defining the Spheres, and then finally, the game mechanics
evolved.

The problem we had was that the original magick
system rarely bowed to the altar of game balance or play-
ability if it meant sacrificing its adherence to metaphysical
concepts. I had always felt that such a sacrifice was analo-
gous to killing story to preserve rules, which the Storyteller
series of games has always abhorred. But, as the developers
at White Wolf patiently (well, pointedly) reminded me,
Mage is still a game. In the end, there were rotes and rules
and flowcharts so that players and Storytellers would at
least have a snowball's chance in hell of navigating the
magick system without losing their minds.

Nevertheless, the system is still incredibly open, di-
verse, and, like the metaphysics it is based upon, subjective.
It is open to interpretation by each person playing the
game. For some storytelling groups, this will be a curse that
fulfills a power-mad player's fondest dream; for others, it
can open.up what I see asan evolutionary step the storytelling
experience, because in Mage, the players inevitably be-
come assistant Storytellers.

Mages truly believe that anything is possible using
some combination of the Spheres. Storytellers will quickly
discover that the players will be capable of an incredible
assortment of effects even at low Sphere levels. This alone
makes it nigh-impossible to plan a firm plot line for a Mage

adventure. It is impossible for a Storyteller to predict every
use of magick the players might concoct over the course of
an adventure, and then plana plotline around it. Just try to
imagine keeping Mage players onto a linear plotline where
the Storyteller wants events X, Y and Z to happen in order
right after one another. The players will inevitably get to
scene X and then perform some magickal feat that make
scenes Y and Z meaningless and catapults the storyline in
an entirely new direction.

One Mage player wrote to us and said (I'm paraphras-
ing here), "Since my mage has rank such-and-such in
Sphere so-and-so, doesn't that mean he could walk up toa
vampire and turn her into a lawn chair?" Now imagine the
poor Storyteller who has planned a vampire enemy to be
central to the evening storyline, and when the characters
first meet the vampire, a player announces that his mage
will turn the vampire into a lawn chair, summon up a
margarita and start a lawn party. Thus endeth the story.

Well, I certainly won't deny that it is possible to turn
vampires into lawn chairs at some rank of Spheres. But is
this good for the story? Some argue that Mage's magick
system is inherently flawed by being so open to interpreta-
tion that Mage game sessions will inevitably break down
into arguments between players and Storytellers over what
it says on page 123 versus what it implies on page 243, etc.,
etc., etc. Who's having fun in that situation?

Ultimately, the folks holding this book, the players,
determine the quality of any Mage story. I argue that the
magick system's openness is not a flaw, but rather its
primary strength. It allows the players to participate in
telling a good story. | cannot think of any other storytelling
game that requires as much creativity, self-discipline and
storytelling ability from its players as Mage does. Every-
thing from thinking of when and what type of magick to
use, to combining Spheres for new effects or the appearance
of coincidental magick, requires the player to be creative.

More important than a creative player, however, is
player self-discipline. Does turning a vampire into a patio
set contribute to the mood or theme of the story? Does the
story become more meaningful or entertaining by your
character's action? There will be plenty of opportunities for
you to blow big holes in your Storyteller's plotline. Don't.
This is not a commandment to artificially restrain your
character— your creativity determines how successfully
your character will survive the harsh world of Mage. But if
you must disrupt the storyline, do it in such a way that the
story is taken in a new and even more exciting or suspense-
ful direction. In Mage, you are not so much a player as an
assistant Storyteller. Most of a Mage story's excitement
must come from the players helping to create the saga.

If your Storyteller claims to have trouble designing a
Mage story, then you and the other players aren't doing
enough. What motivates your character? What does she
strive for? How does she pursue it? Don't wait to be led into
an adventure— tell your Storyteller that in the next game

Book Six: Guiding Words 203


session, your character plans to quest after the knowledge
of the Oracles, or go into the Chimerae, or whatever else
you desire. The Storyteller might concoct something that
will cancel or delay your character's plans, but at least
you've set a character's goal. As the Storyteller's story
progresses, you can weave in your character's own story.

So, that's the message. In Mage, you aren't just a
player, you're an assistant Storyteller (amazing what a
change in title can do to your outlook on something). Use
your character's versatility and raw power to further the
story, not to destroy it.

Prisoners in Eden

By Steven Brown

The face gazed up at him, heavy, calm, protecting, but
what kind of smile was hidden beneath the dark mustache? Like
a leaden knell the words came back to him:

WAR IS PEACE

FREEDOM IS SLAVERY

IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH

—George Orwell, 1984

Tama media whore, just like the rest of you (even you
"tragically-hip" Goths who are manipulated into buying
White Wolf products. Hey, nobody's innocent). We just
cannot live in the modern world without suffering some
psychological manipulation. Still, despite Madison
Avenue's attacks, I believe I spend my money on what I
really want to spend it on.

Tama name and number in the databases of corpora-
tions and the government just like the rest of you. We use
numbers for practically all dealings with each other. But I
still believe in individuality.

I watch the news on television and read it in the
newspaper, and I usually accept it as fact, just like most
everyone else, without ever questioning it. Still, 1 know
that the news media manipulates the information to suit its
sponsors and others who hold power.

I know my country is the greatest country on Earth and
that it stands for freedom and justice for all, just like . . .
well, a lot of you might think. Still, [know the government
caters to special interest groups, takes part in illegal activi-
ties, and that virtually all the higher positions are held by
the wealthy. (Have we ever had a poor president? How
about a poor senator?)

I am entertained by violence. 1 watch Beavis and
Butthead, play Mortal Kombat and read plenty of violent
books and comic books. Still, I know that violence is
plaguing our society and that we must stop it from happen-
ing before it is too late.

I love those commercials with all those half-naked
beautiful, hard-bodied women who tell me to buy certain
companies' products. Why not? But hey, I know women
shouldn't be treated as sex objects. Right?

204 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

Idrive acarand buy countless non-recyclable products
because I accept that it's okay for me to do so. Still, I think
it's awful that the environment is being destroyed at such
arate that it probably can never be mended.

Iam registered with social security, the draft, the U.S.
census and so on. I use a credit card, even though I know
that I give those who keep up with it a description of my
purchasing habits. I have also filled out countless forms for
jobs and loans. Still, I know that much of the information
can, and probably does, reach the wrong people.

I buy products tested on animals, and also eat meat.
There's nothing wrong with that, right? However, | hate
cruelty to animals more than just about anything, and I love
my dog as if he were a person.

Different "truths," but I accept them. We, asa society,
accept them. As Orwell put it, we are "double-thinking":
holding two incongruent "truths" in our heads without
realizing how insane it is doing so. We don't really believe
them, we really don't know what to believe. "Double-
thinking" just makes life easier, and isn't that what life is all
about?

We seem to be willing victims. Like drug addicts, we
think we are in control of our own lives, although we're not.
The mental programming we are bombarded with each day
instills in us delusions of a somewhat perfect world where
we are free-willed individuals living in a democratic soci-
ety. When we do belly-ache about all our ills, as soon as we
finish, we turn around again and continue behaving as they
have trained us to behave. The only problems we have are
the ones the media chooses to focus on.

Is this progress? Are we even the slightest bit aware of
how much we are manipulated by the powers that be? Are
we unaware of how many of us have given up hope? We
have embraced this wondrous age with all the miracles it
has to offer us: longer life, sanitation, super-technology and
convenience, along with mass-marketed products and ser-
vices. And the cost? You say, "Oh, not much, just our
individuality, sense of identity, freedom, energy, beliefs
and money." But don't worry, you'll never know it, or at
least never care (because they won't tell you to care).

So what if our technology can create machines to work
and function as human workers, only better? So what if
businesses want to turn their employees into machine-like
conformists? So what if we spend billions of dollars each
year consuming tasteless, mass-produced, fast-foods that
are bad for our health? So what if we spend hour after hour
in front of the television watching situation-comedies and
police shows designed for viewers with an 1.Q. of 3?So what
if we give strangers all sorts of information concerning our
lives when we fill out forms for this or that? So what if we
don't know what they do with all that information, or if we
believe everything the media tells us, or if we rush out and
buy products because we've seen a dozen commercials
about them this week alone?


So what? That's progress. Right? Isn't life so much
better this way? After all, aren't we taught that it is? Maybe
we do live in a cold, impersonal age where we choose
convenience and conformity over free will. The question
is, what are we willing to do about it? What can we do about
it?

How does this relate to Mage? That's the question
you've been asking yourself, right? Well, if the Technoc-
racy were to exist, would the world around us "Sleepers"
really look any different than the way it looks to us now?

Yes, Mage isa game of make-believe. But we know that
groups just as conspiratorial, manipulative and self-serving
as the Technocracy could be out there watching over us,
guiding our lives. Therein lies the real horror we "Sleepers"
should consider.

Suggested Reading

A book is a participatory adventure. It involves a creative
act atits inception anda creative act when its purpose is fulfilled.
The writer dreams the dream and sets it down; the reader
reinterprets the dream in personal terms, with personal vision,
when he or she reads it. Each creates a world. The template is
the book.

— Harlan Ellison, Intro to Strange Wine

There are so many good books— great books— of
interest to the Mage player that it's hard to compile any sort
of list. For what it's worth, however, the books below have
all offered something useful to the writers of this book.
Mage players and Storytellers may want to check them out
themselves.

© Arrien, Angeles. The Tarot Handbook: Practical
Applications of Ancient Visual Symbols

— Introduces the Tarot deck asa portal to understand-
ing Tarot symbols from a Jungian psychological,
mythological and cross-cultural perspectives.

© Campbell, Joseph. The Hero with a Thousand Faces;
Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth

— Invaluable books, not only for Mage, but for any
player seriously interested in the universal roots of all
myths, faiths and folklore. Unlike many philosophers or
mythologists, Campbell is quite accessible; his greatest flaw
is elaborating so extensively that the reader's thoughts
become derailed. The Power of Myth is also available on
audio cassettes and videotape and comes highly recom-
mended.

¢ Cunningham, Scott. The Truth About Witchcraft
Today

— Describes folk magic and Wiccan beliefs in the
context of modern culture. While the book is a bit too
guarded, in that Cunningham includes repeated reminders
that Wiccans are not evil, human-sacrificing Satan-wor-
shippers, it is nevertheless a good, basic introduction to folk
magic and Wiccan beliefs.

Book Six: Guiding Words 205


fa

Deathbird

— Ellison is the most decorated fantasist of our time,
and many of his intriguing, disturbing and often hilarious
tales tie in well with the themes of Mage. The books above
are particularly suited for fans of the World of Darkness,
but any book of his is worth reading.

¢ Fraiser, Sir James George, The Golden Bough

— The quinte:

Delusion Stories

ntial work on anthropology and folk
ponderous read, but very informative.

¢ Guiley, Rosemary Ellen. The Encyclopedia of Witches
and Witchcraft

— A good resource for those seeking information not
only on historical and modern witchcraft, but on the
personalities involved as well. Also includes an extensive
bibliography covering a variety of sources.

¢ Halevi, Z'ev ben Shimon. Kabbalah: Tradition of
Hidden Knowledge

— Describes the kabbalah's beliefs and traditions in
detail, providing diagrams and color plates to illustrate points.
Also provides a 38-item bibliography for further reading. Very
useful to anyone playing Order of Hermes characters.

¢ Hawk, Simon, The Wizard of Fourth Street

— Anespecially entertaining look at magick, technol-
ogy and the mixing of the two in a wiseass neo-Gothic
setting. The first sequel, The Wizard of Whitechapel, is

206 The Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide

traditions and beliefs.

. Strange Wine; Paingod and Other

Nay

Ks
a is K

decent, but the other books in Hawk's "Wizard" series go
downhill fast.

© Kieckhefer, Richard. Magic in the Middle Ages:

— Anacademic approach to the magi
medieval Europe and the Middle Ea:
than detail-oriented. Very useful for p
chronicles in the Middle Ages.

Lackey, Mercedes, Burning Water; Children of the Night

— Though the magic is a bit flashier than our own.
Paradox-bound world, the heroine of these books, Diana
Tregarde, could be a Mage character! The situations and
setting of Lackey's Tregarde books are quite appropriate for
Mage players, and fun as well. The third book, Jinx High,
is fairly lame (sorry, Misty!), but the first two are more than
worthwhile.

¢ Starhawk, The Spiral Dance,

—A bit New-Agey, but certainly worth reading. This
book is a developer's favorite and explores the relations of
faith and belief to magick and personal fulfillment. Starhawk
herself supplies the salt to take with this (or any other) book
of personal truth — "... all the material in this book is
presented so that you can take it and make it your own,
adapt it to fit your inclinations and circumstances, add
what works and discard what doesn't. I consider this a book

traditions in

theoretical
layers running

of tools, not dogma." The same could be said for this so-
called Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide.


\
{
'

Abilities 14-29
Abilities and Ma
Absent-Minded (flaw) 33
Acrobatics (ability) 18
Acute Senses (merit) 34
Addiction (flaw) 30
Age (flaw) 35
Ahl-i-Batin 90-97
rotes 138-139
Abriman 81
Akashic Brotherhood 52-54
foci 104-105
rotes 138
Alchemy (ability) 26
Allergic (flaw) 45
Ambidextrous (merit) 34
Amnesia (flaw) 33
Animal Magnetism (merit) 34

Animal Training (ability) 18
Anti-Magick 111

Aptitude Merits/Flaws 34
Archery (ability) 18

Area Knowledge (ability) 26
Artistic Expression (ability) 14
Asthma (flaw) 45

Astrology (ability) 26

Avatar Companion (merit) 37

Awareness Merits/Flaws 34
Backgrounds 46-49

Familiar Adv. 127-128
Bad Sight (flaw) 34
Bard's Tongue (flaw) 40
Barrier 117
Beth

i's Kick-Ass Fiction
156-172

ket Ties (merit) 43
lity) 14

latancy (a
Blights 118
Blind (flaw) 34
Blind Fighting (ability) 19
Body Control 123

(Akashic Brotherhood)
Boon (merit) 42
Camoflague (ability) 19

Carousing (ability) 14
Celestial Chorus 55-57

foci 105

rotes 139, 140
Certamen 128-134
Chantry (background) 46
Chantry Politics 26
Chapter and Verse 28

Charts

see Tables and Charts
Chi 121
Child (flaw) 45
Child Mages 120
Church Ties (merit) 44
Climbing (ability) 19
Code of Honor (merit) 30
Color Blindness (flaw) 33
Computers 134-135

see also Talismans, Foci
Computer Security 135
Computer Talismans 152-153
Corporate Ties (merit) 44
Corporation CEO (merit) 45
Common Sense (merit) 32
Compulsion (flaw) 30
Computer Aptitude (merit) 35
Computer Hacking 27
Concentration (merit) 32
Confused (flaw) 33
Countermagick 110-111
Crack Driver (merit) 35
Crafts (ability) 20
Creating Talismans 109
Cryptography (ability) 27
Cult of Ecstacy 58-60

foci 106

rotes 140
Curiosity (flaw) 30
Cursed (flaw) 40
Damage 103
Dancing (ability) 21

Danger Sense (merit) 36
Dark Fate (flaw) 42

Dark Secret (flaw) 30
Darwushim 90

Daredevil (merit) 35

Deaf (flaw) 34

Deep Umbra 118
Deflect/Catch Missiles 104
Deformity (flaw) 45
Demolitions (ability) 20
Diabolical Mentor (flaw) 43
Diplomacy (ability) 15
Disfigured (flaw) 45

e (ability) 20

Disgu

Do (ability) 21, 121-122
Do 121-125

"Dodging" Magick 110
Domino Effect 102
Double Jointed (merit) 45

Dreamspeaker 61-62
foci 106-107
rotes 140

Driving Goal (flaw) 32

Duels Arcane 134

Echoes (flaw) 39

Eidetic Memory (merit) 32

Embrace 116

Enemy (flaw) 42

Entertainment Ties (merit) 44

Escapology (ability) 21

Euthanatos 63-65
foci 106-107
rotes 141
External Styles 123
Faerie Affinity (merit) 36
Familiar (background) 47
Familiars 125-128
Advantages 127-128
Fast-Draw (ability) 21
Fast Learner (merit) 33
Fast
Fetishes 110
Final Blow 104
(Akashic Brotherhood)
First Aid (ability) 22
Flashbacks (flaw) 31
Flaws 29-46
Flock 56
Foci 103-108
Gaia 61-62
Gambling (ability) 22

Gauntlet 117
General Magickal Results 101
Glens 118

Guardian Angel (merit) 37
Gunsmithing (ability) 22
Hacking 135

Hatred (flaw) 41

Haram 94

Heavy Weapons (ability) 22

Herbalism (abil
Hero's Journey 194-196
High Ritual (abi
Higher Purpose (merit) 30
History (ability) 27
History

Traditions 177-183

Technocracy 184-191
Hollow Ones 88-89

rotes 141-142
Horizon 118

Huge Size (merit) 45
Hung Society 28
Hunted (flaw) 45
Hunting (ability) 23
Hypnotism (ability) 23
Infamous Mentor (flaw) 42
Insane Mentor (flaw) 42
Instruction (ability) 15

Interrogation (ability) 16
Intolerance (flaw) 31

Intrigue (ability) 16

Iron Will (merit) 32

Jack of All Trades (merit) 35
Judicial Ties (merit) 43
Khanagahs 94

Ki 121

Kiai! 124

Knowledges 26-29
Labyrinth 83

Lame (flaw) 45

Language of Flowers 28
saver (flaw) 32
Lightning Calculator (merit) 32

Lockpicking (ability) 23
Lore (ability) 27

Luck (merit) 37

Magical Prohibition/Imperative 40
"Magick by Numbers" 101
Mansion (merit) 43

Marauders 84-85

Mechanical Aptitude (merit) 35
Media Ties (merit) 43

Medium (merit) 36

Mental Merits/Flaws 32-33
Mentor's Resentment (flaw) 42
Merits and Flaws 29-46
Mimicry (ability) 16
Misdirection (ability) 23
Mount Qaf 93, 95

Murid \d Murshids 94

Mute (flaw) 46

(merit) 35
Near Umbra 117, 118
Nephandi 81-83

Nightmares (flaw) 31
Notoriety (flaw) 43
Nightclub (merit) 43
Night of Fana 90-91
Obsession (flaw) 31

One Arm (flaw) 46

Order of Hermes 66-69

Book Six: Guiding Words 207


foci 107
rotes 142
Orphans 86-87
Overconfident (flaw) 31
Paradox 113-114, 170-172
from casting 101
Pardigma 70-71
Past Life (ability) 36
Penumbra 117
Perception Magick 103
Perfect Balance (merit) 35
Periphery 117
Phobia (flaw) 31, 32
Physical Merits/Flaws 45-46
Pilot (ability) 24
Pie 83
Poisons (ability) 28
Poison Resistance (merit) 35
Police Ties (merit) 44
Prestigious Mentor (merit) 42
Primal Marks (flaw) 40
Prodigy (merit) 32
Psychoanalysis (ability) 24
Psychic Vampire (flaw) 41
Psychological Merits/Flaws 30-32
Psychology (ability) 28
Qanat 91
Quintessence 113
(one entry!! one!!)
Qutbs 96
Rebirth 82
Regenerations 82
Reputation (merit) 42
Resonance 112
Resources (background) 48
Return Melee Attack 124
(Akashic Brother)
Revelation 66-69
Ride (ability) 24
Rotes 138-148
Adrenal Rush 143
Ariadne's Thread 144
Avatar Form 138
Be Cool 141
Bone Twisting Palm 141
Burn Out 145
Call Forth the Forgotten 147
Detect the Dream Gate 145
Dragon Fist 147
Eagle Eye 138
Flying Dragon Kick 148
Hallmark 145
Jury Rig 142
Lechrerous Kiss 142
Long Fist 148
Override Signal 144

Peace of Buddha 138
Penny D's BNP 142
Pixie Lead 145
Poison Maiden 146
Prime Location 145
Pygmalion's P'digm 146
Random Impulse 141
Screech of the Owl 148
Scrying 140
Sense Corruption 139
Sneaking Shadow 139
Song of Orpheus 147
Spirit Wounding 143
Sucking Gate 141
Supporting the Brain 143
Talons 146
The Trip 140
Tune Psychic Radio 140
Unraveling the Text 142
Unseen Nomenclature 142
Wall of Mirror 140
Rule of Shade 117
Sadism/Masochism (flaw) 31
Sanctum (background) 48
Scan (ability) 16
Schism 190
Science Specialties (ability) 28
Scrounging (ability) 16
Search (ability) 17
Secret Code Language (ability) 28
Seduction (ability) 17
Seeking 173-176
Self-Confident (ability) 33
Sense Deception (ability) 17
Schism (ability) 29
Shout (flaw) 45
Shy (flaw) 31
Sign Language (ability) 17
Singing (ability) 24
Skills 18-29
Societal Merits/Flaws 42-46
Sons of Ether 70-72
foci 107
rotes 142-143
Spark of Life (merit) 37
Speech Impediment (flaw) 31
Speed Reading (ability) 24
Sphere Natural (merit) 37
Spirit Magnet (flaw) 41
Spirit Mentor (merit) 36
Stone Lore (ability) 29
Supernatural Merits/Flaws 35-42
Style (ability) 18
Tables and Charts
Difficulty Modifier 102
Deflecting Missiles 124

Do Maneuvers 124 Weaver 51
General Magick Results 101 Wyld 51
Hacking Chart Wyrm 51
Magick by Numbers 101 XY
Talisman Activation Chart 108 Zones 118

Talisman Background Chart 101
Talents 14-18
Talisman 108, 149-153
Talismans
Carte Blanche 150
Cord of Three Winds 149
Elite Series Computer 153
Fan of Kang Wu 150
Golden Walnut 149
Glasses of Speed Reading 150
Grandmaster-1000 153
Hand o' Glory 150
Healing Plaster of the Ancients 150
Lycanthroscope 149
Master Remote 150
Prayer Beads 149
Tonics and Potions 150
Wolf Link 150
Talisman (background) 110
Taxidermy (ability) 29
Technocracy History 184-191
Technomagick 104
Theology (ability) 29
Throwback (flaw) 29
Torture (ability) 25
Tracking (ability) 25
Tradition History 177-183
Training Flashback 124
Traps (ability) 25
Triat 51
Trods 118
True Faith (merit) 38
True Love (merit) 36
Twisted Apprenticeship (m) 43
Twin Souls (merit) 37
Umbra 117-119
Umbrood 119
Unbondable (merit) 37
Underworld Ties 44
Vampire Companion 36
Vampiric Lawn Chair 203
Verbena 73-75
foci 107
rotes 143
Vengeance (flaw) 31
Ventriloquism (ability)
Virtual Adepts 76-77
foci 108
rotes 143, 144
Werewolf Companion 36
Web of Faith 93


™
EN

THE BOOK O

By My Will, So It Is Done!

"We are the shapers of reality, the masters of the Path. We move the
Wheel of Creation on its forward course and counter those who would
freeze the Wheel in its tracks.

"Now if we could only cooperate, we'd be in business!"
— Porthos, Drua'shi Master of the Order of Hermes

Magickal Lore of the Ages

A Book of Shadows is a journal of the Path, a tome of revelations for the
followers of magick. In this Book of Shadows, mage players and
Storytellers will uncover lost secrets of the Traditions and their rivals.
This is a valuable tome for mages everywhere!

The Mage Players Guide includes:

+ New rotes, Talismans, Abilities, Merits and Flaws, and details about the
elusive Ahl-i-Batin;

¢ in-depth truths about the factions of magick and the Path of
Ascension;

¢ Expanded rules for magick, foci, familiars and more!

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
STONE MTH., GA 30083

GAME STUDIO
ISBN 1-56504-119-4
! & WW 4050 $18.00

Mil
