# File: The Walking Dead.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Rrenard. Dnnsty £0 Had, Micnact scan Roam Y mavorr


Crep's

Authors: Richard E. Dansky, Ed Hall, Michael Lee and
Adam Tinworth

Foreign Language Translations: Kristine Bravo
Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mitch Byrd, Kyle Hotz, Jeff Rebner,
Brad Rigliey

Front Cover Art: Tommy Lee Edwards &

Melissa Edwards

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

Playtesters: Thérése Gaughan, Matt Honeyball, Martyn
Meeks and John Shockley

. © 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserv
ys 735 PARK NORTH BLYD. Reproduction without the written permission of the publishers | |
y 5 SUTENDS expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
p SUITE blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal j}
CLARKSTON, GA 30021 8° only. White Wolf and World of Darkness are registered
, trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
USK Hunter the Reckoning, Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter
Survival Guide, Hunter Book Avenger, Hunter the Walking
PUBLISHING Dead, Wraith the Oblivion, Ends of Empire and Me ‘
Speakers with the Dead are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Alll charac
d text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
oforreference to any company or productin these pags isnot challenge tothe trademark
ned.
che supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and su
p and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised
te Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

ite Wolf online at

-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.

ee


Protocue: exo MenWatkng
InyRODUCT ION

Corre THetsewy Wir
Cuarrer2-7 ne Ehewy oF My Exe
Caner 3:Srrancerna Dean Las
Camryn 4: Secanmg kt oF rH Dsap
Carn: Deseer volar
Carr 6:T esvorne Dean
Canrrn 7 "Ruts & Srorvrstng



When the man climbed from the cab just a few
minutes past six, John O'Malley knew things weren't
going to go the way he hoped.

Ithad been snowing since early afternoon, and asky
the color of ashes squeezed the glow of the streetlights
into fuzzy haloes and blurred the outlines of Chicago's
skyscrapers. Men and women in overcoats and business
suits hurried along the sidewalk in front of the Mer-
chandise Mart. They hunched against the icy wind,
eager to be home and out of the cold. The man from the
cab was short and heavyset, and he carried an orange
and blue shopping bag by which O'Malley was to recog-
nize him. His thinning gray hair whipped into tangled
wispsas he headed for the entrance to the mart. He wore
an expensive wool overcoat, leather gloves and wingtip
shoes. He might have resembled a typical executive
except for the bleak expression on his face and the way
he clutched at something small in his coat pocket.

The man expected to meet O'Malley in the mall,
which was why the hunter waited outside, smoking a
cigarette and sizing him up. He took no notice of
OMalley, or anyone else for that matter, his eyes
downcast in what looked like dull grief. O'Malley shook

his head. Instinct told him this was all a mistake. The
hell of it was, he didn't have much of a choice.

He took long last drag on the cigarette and flicked
it into the snow. As the man passed, O'Malley reached
out and grabbed his arm. "Harry Winston?"

Winston jumped, startled from his pain. His eyes
were bright with anger and fear. He half-turned, the
bulge in his coat pocket straining against the fabric.
His eyes widened as O'Malley's hand tightened on his
arm. The hunter leaned in close until they were
nearly nose to nose.

"Don't say a word, Harry," O'Malley hissed. "And
let go of that gun before you hurt somebody."

Winston pulled hishand out of his pocket. O'Malley
was average height, only about an inch taller than
Winston, but he was broad-shouldered and strong, and
he carried an air of casual authority that his faded jeans
and worn leather jacket could not conceal. He might
have been handsome once, but his blue eyes were now
lifeless and cold.

The smaller man blinked nervously. "Are... are

you Cop90?"


"My name's John. Let's just leave it at that," the
hunter warned. "You told me you were bringing the
laptop, Harry. Where is it?"

Winston took a deep breath and looked O'Malley
in the eye. "It's somewhere safe. As soon as we've killed
that... thing, you can have it."

For just a second, O'Malley wasn't sure what to do.
Part of him wanted to laugh. Part of him wanted to drag
the little idiot out of sight and start breaking fingers
until he found out where the computer was. He glanced
upat the sky, shaking his head in disbelief. "For Christ's
sake, Harry! This isn't a fucking movie." The mart's
automatic doors opened and a group of teenage girls
hurried past. O'Malley lowered his voice to a whisper.
"Your wife was hunting... someone and it got her killed.
That's all we know. Did it ever occur to you that she
might have left some notes about this on her laptop?
Something that might just save our asses?"

"Of course it occurred to me," Winston said hol-
lowly. The despair returned to his face, like blood
welling up from a deep wound. "I looked through
everything. There were just the files she copied from
that email group, and a list of contact information.
Nothing about the... monster." Winston pulled his arm
free of O'Malley's grip. "The fact is, I don't think you'd
be here if it wasn't for the laptop. You don't give a damn
about my wife. You just don't want her files to wind up
in the wrong hands!"

"That's not true," O'Malley said. It was, at least in
part. O'Malley knew what it was like to lose loved ones,
especially to the other side, but Winston's phone call
early the previous morning had scared the shit out of
him. He didn't have a clue as to how Winston's wife had
gotten his phone number, or how long she'd had it. But
with a phone number, it was very easy to get an address.
There were things out there in the darkness that would
be very interested to know where "Cop90" slept.

"Allright, Harry. | won't lie to you. Your wife never
should have made that list. It puts a lot of people's lives
at risk. Her death matters, though. She was one of us. I'm.
going to find the thing that killed her, and it's going to
pay. That's a promise."

Winston looked him in the eye. "It matters that
much to you, even though you never knew her?"

"Absolutely," O'Malley replied.

"Well, John, she was my wife forfifteen years. I lovedher
more than life itself. Imagine how much it matters to me."

O'Malley gritted his teeth. Winston wasn't one of
the chosen. He didn't have the fire inside. If anything,
he'd be a liability if faced with one of the beasts. But
O'Malley was again reminded what it was like to lose
someone to them.

"Okay, Harry. You win." The hunter checked his
watch. "It's six-twelve. Let's go have a look at the scene."

"Scene?" Winston asked.

"The scene of the murder, Harry. The place where

your wife died."
* Q *

The Loop was in the heart of downtown, several
blocks walk from the Merchant Mart. O'Malley tried
not to worry about the laptop and to focus on what he
knew about the killing. There wasn't much.

"Harty, the police report said your wife died of a
heart attack. What kind of physical shape was she in?"

Winston shrugged. "Debbie? She was pretty active.
Walkedin the momingsandevenings. Watched herweight.
She started taking karate after... you know, the change."

"The change," O'Malley echoed. "How much did
she tell you?"

"She told me a lot of things I didn't believe." A gust
of wind came howling down the street and lashed them
with icy needles of sleet. Winston didn't seem to notice.
"I think she tried to keep it from me as long as she could,
but then the nightmares started. Debbie would wake up
screaming and then couldn't sleep the rest of the night.
Some times I'd get home from work early and she'd be
gone — shopping or drinking coffee with a friend, she'd
say, but she always was lousy liar. Then one morning she
asked me for a divorce. | asked her if she was seeing
someone else and she went into hysterics. That's when it
all came out."

"You said you didn't believe the things she said.
Why start now?"

Winston didn't answer at first, staring out into the
snow. Finally, he sighed and said, "I'd rather believe a
monster ruined my life than think it was some random act
of nature. The monster, at least, I can try to hurt back."

O'Malley couldn't argue with that.

They reached the Loops snow began to fall heavily.
The hunter felt his pulse quicken. He started to take
more notice of his surroundings, to look at everything
and everyone with that intensity he'd developed. He
turned to Winston as they hurried across the street and
headed for the stairs leading to the train platform.
"Listen. Odds are we won't find anything up here, but
stick close to me, just in case. If something happens,
you'll never see it coming. Just follow my lead — and
keep your hand out of your pocket. Don't touch that gun.
unless I tell you to, understand?"

Winston nodded. They fell into step with a line of
commuters and climbed the salt-scattered stairs.

The wind was worse up top. The platform was fairly
crowded, and O'Malley wondered if the trains were


running on time in this weather. As the hunter moved
among the commuters toward the back of the platform,
he matched up what he'd read in the report with what
he saw before him.

Winston walked beside him, studying the platform
sadly. "Do we know where she died?"

The hunter nodded. "A little further ahead." They
walked three-quarters of the platform's length and
stopped near one of its thick metal supports. "Right
here," O'Malley said. "A couple of the commuters saw
herslumped against the pillar." He looked left and right
along the platform, imagining the scene. She died in
plain sight. No outcry. No struggle. No one noticed a
thing. "One of the guys in the crowd started giving her
CPR, and someone with a cell phone called the cops.
The paramedics arrived about five minutes later but
couldn't revive her."

Winston reached out and laid a hand on the sup-
port. "What a place to die," he said softly.

O'Malley shook his head. "There's no such thing as
a good place to die, Harry." The hunter wasn't going to
feel sorry for this man. He'd asked for this. "She died
right around six-forty-five, seven o'clock —right about
now. Look around. Look at all the people. Nobody
could have killed her without someone noticing."

"Could she have been... I don't know, scared to
death?" Winston asked.

"If you saw something so terrifying it gave you a
heart attack, wouldn't you yell or make some noise?"

The smaller man folded his arms. "Then what kind
of thing could just cause her heart to stop?"

O'Malley shook his head. "I don't know. I don't
have any idea. That's what worries me."

He stepped away from the support, toward the back
ofthe platform again, and scanned the areacarefully. He
tried to think of it like any other crime scene. There was
always something the crooks left behind, some shred of
evidence missed in the heat of the moment. But if it was
there, O'Malley couldn't see it.

The paramedics hadn't reported any bruises on the
victim, which ruled out a physical struggle. There were
no signs of blood loss, which argued against a blood-
sucker or a flicker, most likely, but what about a ghost?
OMalley looked closely at the crowd of commuters.

That's when he saw it.

Midway along the platform, it was just a pale shape
amid a sea of red-cheeked faces and steamy breath.
O'Malley started to move, paralleling the back of the
platform and peering through gaps in the crowd. He
caught the glimmer of a bleached face beneath a black
felt hat. Moving a little closer, he could make out the

PROLOGUE: DEAD MEN WALKING

collar and shoulders of a dark wool overcoat. The
hunter stepped past a couple of businessmen distracted
with cell phones and saw the monster entire, standing
like any other commuter waiting for the train. But
there was no breath to mist the air around its face, and
itheld itself with an eerie, absolute stillness. Gray hair,
almost white, was neatly trimmed at the nape of its
neck, and the coat hung from its bony shoulders as if
on a scarecrow.

O'Malley squinted, focusing. Even more details
leaped out at him. There was bluish-black shade to its
pale skin, and its hair was lank and dull. A rash of tiny
white maggots' eggs clustered just inside its left ear.

A hand touched O'Malley's arm. He jumped and
Winston recoiled in response. "Do you see something?"
the smaller man asked.

The hunter threw hima hard look, but nodded. "It's
arot. Right there in front of us."

Winston peered into the crowd, a puzzled frown
creasing his forehead. "A what? Where?"

"The man in the dark hat and coat. Pale skin, looks
to be in his late forties to early fifties."

"Are you sure? He looks like my father." Winston
turned uncertainly to the hunter.

"For Christ's sake, Harry, he's a fucking zombie!
This is how they move among people — they can hide
their real selves." O'Malley's mind raced. Zombies
weren't smart. They weren't subtle. They couldn't just
stop a person's heart. At least, not as far as he knew.
"Shit," he cursed softly. "This thing may be our killer —
or it may not be at all."

"How do we find out?"

"We take it somewhere, cut off its legs and torture
it until it talks."

Winston's face turned ashen. He looked nervously
at the monster. "You're not serious."

"Welcome to my world, Harry," O'Malley said
darkly. "Just follow my lead and don't say anything."

O™alley took a deep breath and tried to get it
together. He did a quick check of his holster to make sure
the pistol was ready to draw, then pulled out his badge
and walked up to the monster before he lost his nerve.

"Excuse me, sir?"

The monster turned and looked at him. Its cheeks
were sunken, skin stretched across knobby cheekbones,
and its thin-lipped mouth was drawn into a perpetual
disapproving frown. The creature had a salt-and-pepper
mustache and a patrician nose, which gave it the air of
a disapproving academic. Bits of dirt and dust rested in
the wrinkles around its eyes and mouth. There was a
strange, damp sheen to its face.


O'Malley flashed his badge. "I'm Detective Smith
of the Homicide Division. We're taking statements
from commuters regarding a death that occurred here
last week. Could you come with us and answer a few
questions? It shouldn't take too much of your time."

The zombie's dead eyes seemed to be staring right
through him. O'Malley felt goosebumps race down his
arms. Suddenly, the thin lips parted and it spoke in a
hoarse rasping whisper, "I just want to be left alone."

"Well, sir, I can, uh, certainly understand that.
But this will just take a few minutes. It's a matter of
police business—"

The zombie took a step forward and its blue-tinged
lips pulled back in a snarl. "Why can't you leave an old
man in peace?"

OMalley's hand drifted back to his pistol just as the
train arrived and the commuters surged forward. The mon-
ster turned away, moving with the crowd. O'Malley reached
out and grabbed the zombie's wrist. Its skin was cold and
clammy and shifted unnaturally under his grip. "Sir," hesaid,
thinking quickly, "I can arrest you if I have to."

"Let go of me!" the creature rasped, trying to pull
away. The zombie was strong, O'Malley realized quickly,
but not nearly as strong as he had feared. He reached
back with his left hand and was fumbling for the cuffs on
his belt when Winston rushed forward and grabbed the
zombie's other arm.

"Stop struggling and come along quietly," Winston
yelled. "We know what you are!"

The zombie growled like a wounded beast. Instead of
pulling away, it pushed and sent Winston stumbling into
O'Malley. They went down in a tangle of limbs. The
monster disappeared into the crowd aboard the train.

"Shit!" O'Malley exclaimed. He pushed Winston aside
and struggled to his feet. "What the fuck did] tell you todo?"

Winston snatched his glasses off the platform and
put them back on his face. "What was I supposed to do?"

"Just get on the train!" The hunter leaped for the doors
as the last of the commuters squeezed inside. The two
barely made it, earning angry stares from jostled passengers.

The doors hissed shut and the train started to move.

The zombie was nowhere to be seen.
* * *

They had about five minutes until the next stop,
O'Malley figured. They stood at the rear of the car.
Winston pulled outa handkerchiefand rubbed his hands.
"What was on that thing's skin?" he asked quietly, smell-
inghisfingersand grimacing. "Smells like paint thinner."

"Some kind of rancid cologne," O'Malley said ab-
sently, wiping his own hand on one pants leg. "They
wear perfume sometimes to cover their smell."

"Why didn'the stop our hearts like he did Debbie's?
We almost had him."

"Because he didn't know we were on to him until you
opened your fucking mouth!" the hunter snapped. "Now
you've tipped him off. From here on out, it'sall ornothing.
If he slips off the train we might never catch him."

"He seemed so normal," Winston said, staring at his
hand. "But his skin... like a rotten fish.... Dear God,
what's going on?"

"If you ever find the answer, be sure and tell me," the
hunter said bitterly. "Come on. We've got to find him."

They weaved through the crowd, glancing at faces
and searching for a glimpse of pallid flesh. At the end of
the cabin, they peered carefully through the window of
the connecting door, then crossed into the next car and
continued the search.

The zombie was in the third car. Halfway to its
connecting door, O'Malley could feel the pounding bass
of someone's CD player ahead. The thudding rap had
driven most commuters out of the car beyond, but the
zombie sat, rubbing its hands and face with a handker-
chief, directly across from the gangbangers who'd taken
over the car. The monster stared at them with undis-
guised anger. The kids were too busy trying to talk over
their own music to notice.

O'Malley took in the scene from his side of the door
and paused, his hand on the handle. Winston stepped
up beside him. "What's going on?"

"Bunch of punks looking to rob somebody," O'Malley
replied. "That's why they've got the music so loud. Drives
away witnesses and drowns out any shouts for help.
There's our friend, sitting there, asking for trouble."

Just then, one of the kids met the monster's stare.
He stood up and put his attitude on, throwing back his
shoulders and stalking toward the pale figure. The
gangbanger sneered while his boys egged him on. The
kid pulled up his shirt to reveal the pistol stuck in his
waistband. The monster simply stared up at him.

Winston glanced at the hunter. "Aren't we going to
do something?"

"Yeah, we're going to watch and see what it does to
these animals — and take notes. If they mess with him,
they deserve what they get."

The kid was standing over the monster at this point
and grabbed a handful of the zombie's lapel. It looked
back coolly, unfazed. O'Malley could see the mix of
uncertainty and bravado on the punk's face.

Just then, the train pulled into Roosevelt Station.
The connecting door at the other end of the car opened
and in steppeda tall, muscular transit cop, who fixed the
gang members with a forbidding glare. The kid let go of


the zombie's coat and stared a challenge as the cop
stepped up, but the officer grabbed him by the scruff of
the neck and all but threw him out of the car. The rest
followed suit. The cop stood in the doorway and watched
the kids on the platform, while the zombie stared hotly
at the man's back. The monster rose slowly and made its
way forward toward the next car.

OMalley shook his head. "Who cops aren't
around when you need one? Dammit! We could have
learned something."

"You were going to let that creature kill those kids,
weren't you?"

"Damn right," O'Malley replied. "Better them than
me. Those little angels were street trash. Killers."

"And what the hell does that make you?" the
widower said coldly.

"?'m a hunter, Harry," O'Malley growled. "I get to
see the shit these fuckers hide from people like you.
I get to see them do whatever they damn well please
to innocent people simply because they can. I don't
know why I got picked to live this goddamn night-
mare. I don't know nearly enough about the bad guys
to keep myself from getting fucked up. And I don't
have anybody to call at the crack of dawn to come
bail my ass out of trouble. The only thing I do know
for sure is that every hunter I've ever met is either
dead or insane. Sooner or later, my luck's going to run
out, too. So fuck you, Harry. I'm not your knight in
shining armor. I'm living on borrowed time. If can't
save everybody, I can at least avenge some of them.
Like your wife."

Winston looked away. He leaned wearily against
the side of the car. "Why do they come back?"

"{ don't know," the hunter replied. "Unfinished
business, I guess. I've heard lots of stories, lots of theo-
ries. Some people talk about Biblical shit, end of days
andall that. [don't know anything about it. A lot of the
zombies I've run across are just looking for the people
who wronged them when they were alive."

"Are there a lot of them out there?"

"More than you care to know, Harry. Let's just take
care of this one. Then you can go back to whatever life
you've got left."

"Okay," Winston said, nodding to himself. He
sighed wearily. "John?"

"Yeah?"

"You don't have to worry about the laptop. Debbie
wasn't a fool. She left specific instructions about her
computer... and what was on it. After I set up the
meeting with you, I took it out back, poured gas on it
and watched it burn."

The hunter leaned his head against the car doorand
managed a tired laugh. "You're a manipulative son of a
bitch, Harry, but I could get to like you. It's a pity you
aren't one of us."

Winston straightened. "Who says I'm not? I'm
here, aren't I? Let's get this thing over with. Then

maybe I'll help you go looking for another one."
* * ‘

The train rolled onas the pair watched the creature
from the door of the adjoining car. They stopped at
station after station. The crowd thinned, but the zom-
bie remained, sitting statuelike, its hands in its lap.
Until it moved on or the crowd dried up completely,
there was little they could do,

"We're almost to Cottage Grove," O'Malley said,
breaking their silence. "End of the line. It'll either get off
here or ride back downtown. Depends on whether it's
waiting for someone specific or just trolling for victims."

"And if it gets off the train?" Winston asked.

"We follow it. The first chance we get, we take it out."

"How—"

That was when the door opened and the zombie
stepped purposefully between them.

"Shit!" O'Malley cursed as he stumbled backward.
Winston fell and hit the edge of a seat as his right hand
groped for his coat pocket. He wrestled his pistol out
and one of the commuters screamed.

The zombie turned on the widower. O'Malley cursed
again. The monster had forced their hand by waiting for
a moment when they let down their guard. Now it was
using the crowd against them. The hunter pulled his
own pistol and yelled, "Freeze!"

Winston saw its expression change from anger to
veiled surprise as it found itself rooted to the spot where
it stood.

The other passengers stampeded for the far end of
the car and fought to slip through the connecting door.
Winston crawled clear of the monster, his expression
almost as bewildered as the zombie's.

O™Malley didn't need to see the zombie's face to
know what it was going through. "Surprise, asshole," he
said. "I've got some tricks of my own."

However, behind his wolfish grin, the hunter's mind
raced, guessing at the minutes left until the train reached
Cottage Grove. They would have to kill it and jump the
train immediately before anyone arrived to investigate.

"T told you to leave me alone!" the zombie said, its face
twisting with rage. "Why can't you hooligans give me any
peace? If I were still a strong man, I'd give you the beating
of your life! What kind of a world is this where an old man
can't ride the train without being harassed?"

a!


"Shut up, you freak!" O'Malley shouted. "We're not
the ones murdering people. Did it make you feel like a
tough guy, killing that woman last week?" He stole a
glance out the window. They were almost at 53rd Street.

"The little tramp got what she deserved!" the
creature snarled. "Hounding me. Watching
me! The bitch grabbed me by the neck and stuck
a knife in my back! But I didn't kill her. She
killed herself."

"You fuckers sure are fond of cryptic
bullshit," the hunter said. Outside, he could
see the train enter the station. "I know you
can give people heart attacks. But I'm betting
you have to touch them to do it or you'd have
dropped that punk in his tracks from across the
car. I'm not giving you the chance."

The zombie looked at them and laughed, a
cruel, rasping sound. "You're already dead men
Youdied back at the Loop." Itsmiled. "When I was
young, | killed vermin like you with a stick. Now [i
that I'm older, I prefer to use poison." He pulled his
handkerchief from a pocket and rubbed his face
and hands with it, leaving a damp sheen.

Winston gave a shriek of pure terror. Just then,
the connecting door opened and the transit cop rushed
in, pistol drawn. The zombie reached out and pulled the
emergency stop, just within its arm's reach.

The brakes screamed and everyone pitched for-
ward. O'Malley's face hit a metal post, and he felt his
nose crack. There was no pain, only an overwhelming
wave of panic. His stare had been broken!

The zombie scrambled for the opening doors.
Winston screamed again and fired, the gunshots
deafening in the enclosed space. The hunter saw
bullets punch cleanly through the monster's chest
and leg to bury themselves deep in the wall of the
car. The zombie disappeared across the platform.
Winston staggered to his feet, firing after it. One
shot, two, three — then the widower's body shook as
the transit cop fired from the floor and blew eight
ragged holes in his leg, chest and head. The cop's gun
jammed as Winston's lifeless body collapsed.

OMalley raced from the car, his eyes
searching the terrified crowd. He caught a
glimpse ofa dark felt hat disappearing down
the platform stairs, and he ran after it, his
gun ready

What the zombie lacked in strength, it
made up for in speed. It was nearly at the
bottom of the stairs by the time he'd reached the
landing. He fired a shot at the figure and saw it
stagger, but it ran on, unchecked.


He raced down the icy stairs. The November
wind clawed at him, but he didn't feel its touch. His
skin felt hot and his breath came in short ragged
gasps. O'Malley kept running. There was nothing
else he could do.

People's faces flashed by. He only dimly heard their
screams. Ahead, the zombie crashed into a man and a
woman, sending them sprawling. He took a shot at it
that sparked offa light pole. Someone crashed into him
—a man, shouting, scrambling for the pistol. He
smashed the man in the teeth with the gun butt, broke
free and charged on.

He felt the first stab of pain in his heart. He felt as
ifhe couldn't get enough air. The zombie had nearly
reached the comer. No one was in the way.

O'Malley stopped and took a two-handed grip on
the gun. There was a roaring in his ears. He held his
breath and squeezed offa shot. The monster lurched to
one side and clutched at its shattered knee.

Te wasn't enough. The pain was like a hot spike,
jabbing into O'Malley's chest. "Not yet," the hunter
gasped. "Please...." He tried to run but felt as ifa hand

of fire clenched around his lungs. Ahead, the monster
lurched into an alley, out of the line of fire.

Each step was an act of will. O'Malley was nearly deaf
from the sound in his own head, and his lungs never
seemed to fill no matter how hard he breathed. Darkness.
gathered at the comers of his vision. He focused on the
alley mouth and forced his legs to work. He reached the
alley with the last of his strength. There was no pain
anymore. No sound. The light was fading. At the end of
the tunnel, he saw a pale face wreathed in shadow. The
pistol was more than he could lift. He fired and the thing
jerked, but its eyes never left his.

O'Malley took another step. Fired wildly. The dead
eyes looked on, waiting, patiently waiting.

The hunter fired again as his legs gave way.

OMalley lay in the muck and felt his heart seize.
The darkness rolled in like a tide. The last thing he saw
was that pale face looking down into his, its expression
cold and uncaring.

The monster adjusted its hat, smoothed its coat
and limped back onto the streets of the living to
catch the train.



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

+> ee@2

top Finda!

Here we are again. And God bless we're still here.
Recent terrifying, amazing and baffling developments on the hunter list compel me
to attach another archive site to the main one, much as I did at http://www.hunter-
net.org/huntersurvivalguide/ after hunter-net came back online. The survival guide
went up as instruction and advice from our own to our own about our condition
worldwide. This page goes up for similar yet very drastically different reasons.

Hunter.list was recently compromised again by the very things we contend with.
Despite all my efforts and the "advice" I seem to receive in shoring up defenses here,
some of them got through. Specifically, two entities found their way to (or more
appropriately were "introduced to") the list. If you were online during their presence,
you know what I'm talking about. If you weren't, this page is for you above all others.

You might think that such a security breach is the ultimate sign that we cannot
perform our duties or carry out our mission online. That we're just too vulnerable
here, and staying online will cost us all in the end. I don't think that's the case. I
mentioned receiving "advice" on maintaining hunter-net. I think it comes from our
mutual friends. For me, it's inexplicable and sometimes incomprehensible visions or
daydreams about how to make this site impregnable to our counterparts. Sometimes
I don't even understand what I'm doing myself. I just try it and it seems to work —
or it did till recently.

The reason I believe this site and its related ones are still secure derives from the
way in which our intruders seemed to emerge. I won't give you any preconceived
notions. You can make your own call after reading their text. But I believe the
"hackers" were actually ushered here and were allowed in. I don't want to be my usual
metaphysical self, because that would just create confusion. However, consider that,
this site might still be solid and our informants were brought here to teach us
something. After that, they were closed out again.

Like I said, this page has been created for all who weren't online when the dialogue
with our intruders occurred. I have edited together all related posts as best I could, to
encapsulate everything that was exchanged and revealed, and to share what other list
members appear to have done in response to our "informants'" unsolicited contributions.

The bottom line is, we may now have much greater insight into what seem to be
our chief opponents — the walking dead. Even more importantly, we might have
more insight than ever before into ourselves — who we are, what we've become and
why we were made this way. Of course, everything the intruders posted must be
taken with extreme caution. If they truly were what they claimed, we have no more
reason to trust them than we would any menacing creature in a dark alley or damp
cellar. And yet, we have so little to go on toward understanding the beings we face
and comprehending ourselves that we're desperate for information, even such as
this. We're like starving soldiers offered food by our enemy. Though we know it might
be poison, we can't resist the urge to eat.


THE WALKING DEAD

They gather themselves together against the soul of the
righteous, and condemn the innocent blood.

— Psalms 94:21

Hunter: The Walking Dead serves three purposes for
Hunter: The Reckoning. First, it's meant as an in-character
resource for players and characters to witness the online
imbued experience. The communication and conflict that
‘occuramong hunters online is revealed, helping youdepict the
same interaction in your games, with the same sharing of
helpful insight or the same distracting, counterproductive
flame wars. The Internet can be hunters' greatest tool when.
used properly to relay accurate information, or their greatest
weakness when abused for conducting character assassinations
and spreading misinformation. A\ll of these things occur here.

The threat of monster intrusion made manifest is also
depicted, helping players understand how the enemy might
play its hand online, rather than just lurking and picking
‘out the weak members of the herd.

Second, Walking Dead answers many of the questions
that plague players and the imbued, both about hunters'
primary opponents and about hunters themselves. Possible
truths of ghost and zombie origins and the purpose of the
imbued are revealed. Yet, the fact that these "disclosures"
are made by the very things hunters fight makes them
extremely dubious — as are all revelations in the World of
Darkness. Hunters who take the "truth" with a grain of salt,
or who look for truths within the truth, might just survive.

Ofcourse, Storytellers can also find all kinds of story ideas
throughout the email exchanges. Tips offered by the Other
Side might indeed lead to weak or raging enemies that need to
be dealt with, or to self-discovery. Or, supernatural informants
might lead the imbued into traps as the intruders further their
own agendas at the expense of the chosen. You decide.

Third, this book devotes an entire chapter to the
Hunter Storyteller. Players should not read this section at
all, unless you just have to know things that your characters
can't, and you want to shatter the ignorance that makes

your hunter fun to play. Storytellers, suffice to say that this
chapter offers everything you need to understand how the
walkingdead existand function, and how the imbued truly
interrelate with them. You even get a few more tricks to
throw at players who've sneaked peaks at the other chap-
ters or books that they shouldn't have read.

The best part is, players familiar with Wraith: The
Oblivion and the conditions of the Underworld established in
that gameare in forsome surprises. Thingsare notas they were,
and you as Storyteller get to reveal the truth of the World of
Darkness and Hunter in general at your own pace. Characters
can be gradually exposed to the reality of things through
puzzling glimmers, or they can be exposed fully and forced to
contend with it all, assuming they remain sane.

Allin all, this book is the source on ghosts, spirits and
zombies in Hunter: The Reckoning.

How ro Use Tus Book

Hunter: The Walking Dead is divided into seven
chapters. All but the last are for everyone's eyes, and they
help make the Internet real as a tool of the hunt.

Chapter 1: The Enemy Within introduces the self
dubbed creature Ichmail and begins his dialogue with the
online hunter community, with details on something
called the "Orphic Circle."

Chapter 2: The Enemy of my Enemy details the emer
gence of "Carpenter169" on the listand indicates how monsters
might hide in plain sight on the faceless Internet.

Chapter 3: Stranger in a Dead Land compiles the
field reports of Shaka74 as he investigates Haiti's restless-
dead menace.

Chapter 4: Speaking III of the Dead illustrates just how
much the imbued have to learn about the walking dead, even
when intelligence comes from the enemy itself.


Chapter 5: Descent into Death presents Oracle171's
messages describing her unearthly exploration of Ichmail's
Orphic Circle. What do her discoveries mean for the
imbued as a whole?

Chapter 6: Ties to the Dead speculates on the bond
that connects hunters, the dead and all of the living.

Chapter 7: Rules & Storytelling is full of mechanics
and background information on the restless dead, their
strengths, limitations, motives and fears.

Source Mareriats

There'salot of stuffavailable aboutheroic people who deal
with the unquiet dead (usually in a manner that proves fatal to
some or all participants). We've tried to avoid silly or over-the-
top sources in compiling this list. Hunter is about regular folks
faced with monsters. They're scared, yet they do something
anyway. We've tried to pick out movies and books that empha-
size that very real resolve and bravery — Hunter's theme.
Movies

Everyone knows George Romero's seminal zombie
flicks and their bastard children, Return of the Living Dead
and the Evil Dead series. There's more to hunting the
walking dead than splattering zombies, however.

* Cemetery Man— A hysterical and sometimes touch-
ing Italian import about a naif who takesa job at a cemetery
where the dead refuse to stay in their graves. He makes
hacking zombies to bits all in a night's work. But when his
girlfriend joins the re-animated parade, things get interest-
ing, Ir'sa perfect display of the ability of everyday people to
persevere in the face of the supernatural.

© Dead Alive — Another film wherein the walking (or
moreaccurately, shambling) dead intrude on the living. Dead
Alive isa bit ofa gore-fest and wears its low-budget credentials
on its sleeve, but it is shockingly effective at points. It's
directed by Peter Jackson, who also did...

© The Prighteners — ... which is well worth seeing for its
portrait ofa man who can see the supernatural all around him.
Critics didn't quite know what to make of the blend of humor
and horror, but it's a good reference for this game.

© The Serpent and the Rainbow — A real rarity, a film
inspired by a work of non-fiction. The book is an excellent
resource on voodoo, while the movie hosts some truly
disturbing images. If you can, find the superb soundtrack by
Brad Fiedel — it's extremely scarce, but also one of the
spookiest film soundtracks ever recorded.

© The Sixth Sense — Although the protagonist is not
necessarily a hunter per se, he certainly has the sense of the
tunreal invading the real that'sso important. The scene in the
school, in front of the stairwell, is particularly potent.

* Fallen — Excellent and overlooked. Watch as the
supernatural enemy slowly turns everything and everyone
against the man hunting it.

Also worthwhile are: The Believers, Predator 2 (for that
feeling of fighting a monster that can make itself invisible and
soakupas many bulletsas you can fire at it), Fright Night, Demon
Knight, Spit Second, any of the Mr. Vampire filmsand The Hidden.
Tetevision

Believe it or not, there were monster-hunters on TV
long before Mulder and Scully. Old shows such as Kolchak,

INTRODUCTION

The Night Stalker and Shadow Chasers can be difficult to
obtain. But thanks to cable and home video, recent series
can usually be accessed easily. Some of the best include:

© Poltergeist: The Legacy — The show has absolutely
nothing to do with the original movie, instead concerning
itself with monster-hunting and long intricate plotlines.
While some stories are clichéd, others are genuinely disturb-
ing, and the hunters are far ftom invincible.

‘© Friday the 13th: The Series — Again, nothing to do
with the films. Instead, a band of low-grade hunters seeks
out cursed items and deals with the havoc they wreak.

* Millennium — Yes, it's depressing, but that's not
necessarily a bad thing. Millennium focuses on Frank
Black, a former FBI agent who can sometimes see what
murder victims —or their killers —saw. Frank works with
a mysterious organization called The Millennium Group,
which contacts him mostly by email. He hunts down
human monsters when he isn't being dragged into some-
thing deeper. Frank is an excellent example of the lone
hunter who keeps his real agenda secret from the people
around him.

* Brimstone — The protagonist may have been dead,
but this short-lived drama was all about hunting monsters.
In this case, the targets were damned souls escaped from
Hell, which isas close to walking dead as one is likely to get.

Cireravure

At the turn of the 19th century, the hunter figure —
in the form of the so-called "psychic detective" — was a
popular character. In more recent times, hunters have
become grittier and less genteel, but they still have a
literary heritage that goes back a long way.

© The Complete John Silence Stories, by Algernon
Blackwood — Silence was one of the first occult detectives,
and one of the best. Also check out the Dr. Hesselius stories
by J. S. Le Fanu, which are in a similar vein.

© Carrion Comfort and Children of the Night, by Dan
Simmons— A pair of chilling novels about ordinary people
on the trail of — and on the run from — vampires of various
sorts. Both books balance scientific skepticism with the
need to get the monsters. Summer of Night, which features
children as protagonists, is also worth a look, though the
enemies are less identifiably walking dead.

© The Case of Charles Dexter Ward, by H. P. Lovecraft
— A lone researcher, whom everyone thinks is mad,
going against a cleverly disguised power from beyond
the grave? Perfect! (It was also made into a fairly good
film called The Resurrected.)

© Mindhunter, by John Douglas and Mark Olshaker—
The book is nonfiction, and readers can take or leave
Douglas' stance on rehabilitation and punishment, but
the material is riveting. Douglas helped build the FBI's
forensic psychology unit from the ground up, and the book
isa true-life story of a man going after (human) monsters.

* "The Last Illusion," by Clive Barker — While the
film adaptation, Lord of Illusions (especially the director's
cut), has its moments, the story is infinitely better and
much more chilling. Harry D'Amour is very much a
hunter figure. It's just that, in this case, the things he's
hunting don't necessarily have names.

as!



CHAPTER i: THE ENEMY WITHIN

When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of
the Lord shall lift up a standard against him.

— Isaiah 59:19

"THE MESSAGE BEGINS"

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: sender unidentified
Subject: URGENT

IFYOU WERE IN FACE-TO-FACE CONTACT
DURING THE LAST 5 WEEKS WITH LIST USER
ALLEYMAN222, WALK AWAY FROM ANY STA-
TIONARY COMPUTER NOW! AND KEEP
MOVING! YOU ARE IN DANGER OF CAPTURE
BY AGENTS OF THE US GOVT! NO BULLSHIT,
LEAVE NOW!
Subject: security breach
From: witness!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Asusual, I'm making every effort to reduce intrusions
‘onto the list to zero. As usual, that's an ideal. Regardless,
ananonymous message like that one suggests a roll call is
in order, so sound off at your earliest opportunity.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: sender unidentified
Subject: my warning

Yesterday I sent the message subject-lined "UR-
GENT." I realize no one here has any reason to trust me,
but the fact is that have only the welfare of the imbued
at heart. I work for a division of the government that
knows about some of the creatures the imbued combat
and is trying to fight in its own way.

But I also know these people have no idea what
they're up against.

On the plus side, and to my surprise, my part of the
bureaucracy seems to be unaware of this list. | conceal
my identity as much to protect it and all of you as to
protect myself. On the minus side, imbued activity
concerns these people and is misunderstood by them.
What little they know makes them lump all of you
together with the enemy.

Again, I realize how suspicious this post must look.
Rest assured, I'm in this right alongside you in the fight


for freedom. I do what I can to keep the two groups apart,
but there are limits. The best I can offer is what you
ought to know already: Fight the good fight and keep
your heads down. The Feds are watching.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: mojo20
Subject: good to know i'm not alone

I work for the inteligents establishmnt too! Maybe
now some of you will nbeleve me about the cia
expirimints on college student. They put stuff in Isd
way back in the 60s and some of those kids they died
and now theyre coming back as zombies! aNd the ones
that lived those were our parents. Now the truth can
finall be revealed!

Te Propigat Rev uss

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: sender unidentified
Subject: Greetings

Call me Ichmail.

Having thrilled to all your many exploits for as long
as prudence allows, I feel that now is a good time to
introduce myself. Of course, the name is not my given
one, but because no one else here shares that informa-
tion, I shall do as the Romans do.

While I was alive, 1 was a monster. No word better
describes me in the warmth of my youth. I spent my
formative years in the company of monsters and came to be
celebrated by them. And by that time, I had already suffered
torments sufficient to destroy in me anything resembling
compassion or mercy. It's no wonder that I matured doing
the awful things I did. All of which I tell you not to engage
your pity or to seek your forgiveness, for those things don't
interest me (well, maybe justa little), but merely to establish
my credentials. And to lend you some perspective on me.
After all, now that I'm dead, I'm a much better person.

Advice is cheap. Advice is words, nothing more,
and people (yes, | consider myself a person, albeit a
dietetically challenged one) deploy words to get what
they want. One of our other Mysterious Lurkers tells you
to "fight the good fight" alongside the federal govern-
ment, but not to be surprised if the thanks you receive
isa bullet in the brain. I do not know how much of what
he says may be true. Regardless, be certain that what-
ever advice he offers and whatever truths he unveils
come attached to some agenda. Be wary of advice.

All of which is a preamble to my own offerings and
unveilings. The short explanation of my agenda is self-
preservation. Mysterious Federal Lurker (MFL, which
might also stand for Mother-Fucking Liar) understates
the case: It is not abstract freedom, The American Way

of Life, or anything else so picayune that is threatened
now. What teeters on the brink is the world as we know
it, something many of you here already understand. I
know better than most, including all of you, I daresay.

After I died, I went to Hell. Or perhaps, hell. Or maybe
just a hell. Whichever was the case, it was even more
unpleasant than I had imagined it might be —and when it
came to torture, pain and similar sorts of unpleasantry, |
assure you that I had quite an imagination. Let me put things
in perspective for you. Many who post to this list casually use
the term "demon" to label the creatures that you combat. I
assure you, none of you has ever seen a true demon. Such
creatures do not walk the Earth. I do not believe the Earth
could withstand their touch. How my own soul survived
even mere proximity to such creatures remains a mystery to
me. Yet I endured being among them for what felt like
eternities. Eternities. | escaped their clutches, their obscene
torments, cruel beyond any reckoning, and found that I had
shared their company for mere weeks!

The monsters, human and otherwise, whose com-
pany I kept in my living days, seek the merger of the
living world and the underworld. They mean literally to
bring Hell to Earth, and they delude themselves into
thinking that demons will allow them some power in
the smoldering ruin that would result. As if demons
might be capable of gratitude or mutuality!

Sitting in the clean and well-lit cybercafe where I
compose to you this billet-douxand admire the delicious-
looking creatures who wander in and out, | know with
acertainty I cannot communicate that am nowas close
to Hell as I ever wish to be again. It may be that | am
immortal and the prospect of confronting Hell's true
denizens again, even for a second, fills me with dread.
The notion that I might have no means of escape from
them for all eternity, were they to join us in this world,
is nearly unthinkable.

So let me take you by the collective hand and guide
you all to an understanding of the menace that is the
Orphic Circle.

Right after a snack.

Tut BEvRAYAt

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: sender unidentified

Subject: The enemies of rational beings everywhere
Ichmail here. My change of scenery after mealtime

should, I hope, inspire me to brevity... but don't count
on it.

In brief, the Orphic Circle is a cabal of mystics, both
livingand dead (andsomewhere in between, like me), who
devote themselves to worldly power and, ideally, immor-
tality through worship of the underworld's darkest forces.
Depending on whose history of the Circle you choose to


believe, it was founded by a v_mp_r_ (God45 may be
eccentric, but he's correct in his insight that some words
should never be used casually). Or by some jaded Greeks
who'd drunk all the wine in the world and decided that
personal advancement through human sacrifice should be
the next big thing. Or by some emissary from the Other
Side in the service of the dark forces | already mentioned.

Idon'tknow what the truth is because I wasn'taround.
lexited the mortal stage less than halfa decade ago. Recent
events lead me toward Door Number Three, however, as
there can be no question that during my years in the Circle
there was an abundance of inexplicable meddling by
creatures' whose abilities reached beyond anything I have
encountered elsewhere. Reading over what I've just writ-
ten, though, it occurs to me that choicesone through three
could all be true simultaneously.

By the way, you won't find a history of the Orphic
Circle at your neighborhood lending library. The Circle
has existed as long as it has (more than a thousand years)
because of its near obsession with secrecy. For example,
during my tenure, I served on the cabal's membership
council. We vetoed most candidates and extended offers
to persons we hoped might join. We also killed anyone
who declined membership. Once a person joined, the
Orphic priests (and priestesses, best not to short-shrift the
priestesses) worked a ritual binding on the new member
that compelled the individual to report any betrayal of the
Circle to the Ebon Bench, the ruling body. Said traitor was
then turned over to my indelicate care for interrogation. In.
the two such instances that transpired while | was the
Orphic Inquisitor, I was always most persuasive.

Of course, you're wondering how it is that I'm able to
relate all this information to younow. Again, I don'tknow
forsure, but I suspect it has to do with my untimely demise.
I survived dying, obviously, but it seems the binding did
not. Youmight wonder, too, as I did, why other non-living
entitiesin the Circledidnotcommitthissortofbackstabbery
sooner. My conclusion is that such creatures were already
in their postmortem state when they were bound.

Alas, feeding time beckons again, which means
that it's time for a drink. More after this break.

Dene Ears

Subject: Get to the point
From: doctorl19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Or better yet, Ichmail, tell us where you are so we
can get the point to you. I'm sure you catch my meaning,
just as I catch yours in these casual references to dining.
It's clear to me that you're wandering away from your
keyboard to do what your kind does: drink blood, like
the parasite you are. And you smirk at us before and
after. Don't believe that you can go unpunished for your

CHAPTER i: THE ENEMY WITHIN

crimes. You admit to torture and murder without any
hesitancy. You admit to being an escapee of some
netherworld. And you hint at treating human beings as
fodder! If what you've written here is true, sending you
back where you belong would be our obligation.

Witness, how much more of this unconscionable
trespassing must we endure?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Re: Get to the point

Why are you getting worked up by this asshole? If
you're right, whoever he is, he'll either go away eventu-
ally or one of us will send him away permanently.
Meanwhile, monsters are killing people in our own neigh-
borhoods. That's where each of us needs to fight this war,
and that's where we'll win it.
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: potter116
Subject: Re: Get to the point

I don't know about the rest of you, but it's not often.
that encounter misguided who talk freely about them-
selves or their kind. If Ichmail is on the level, we need
tohear him out. That's the only way to tell whether he's
blowing smoke or not.

Ichmail, if you're really what you claim to be, tell us
something useful. Immediately useful.

Tue Sorrows of Hett

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: sender unidentified
Subject: Re: Get to the point

Ichmail here.

Doctorl 19 is correct, as are Potter and Cabbie. I con-
sume human blood for sustenance. When lam done sharing
information with you, I shall go away to consume more.
Unless you read what I write, you cannot know how much
credence to give my messages. No doubt, some of you are
disturbed to receive notes on the enemy from the enemy.
Too bad. Take my gifts and do with them as you will.

If it makes you feel better, be aware that I do not
strip my victims of life. To do so is wasteful and
impractical, and the consequences can be grave. I
never take more than what one of you might donate to
save the life of another. | have seen v_mp_t_s do
otherwise, both while I was potentially part of the
menu and since I changed nutritional requirements. [
have discouraged such behavior in my fellows, prima-
tily for reasons of, yes, self-preservation. Lately, not
only do the living avenge the dead, the dead do a good
job of it themselves.

If yourequire something practical to help secure my
credentials, know this: Pounding a stake into the heart


of a v_mp_r_ doesn't kill it, but does paralyze it. Field-
test this information as you please.

Before I return to the topic of greatest importance to
the future (and making sure it becomes the present), I
must also observe that I have never seen one v_mp_r
change a living person into another v_mp_r_. The belief
in this transformation's possibility lingers, even among
the unliving of my acquaintance. I have not seen this act
performed, although I have seen it tried. It may be thatall
v_mp_t_sare, as] am, the lucky damned who escaped the
most excruciating bondage, only to discover a different
sort of damnation among the living: The fruit of the earth
and the flesh of beasts offer me no nourishment now. Just as
stones are not edible by any of you. Yet, unlike the
carnivores among you, I need not kill the creatures that
sustain me. And I do not.

Now we can proceed with what you should all know
about the Orphic Circle.

Secrecy, as I stated already, is more valued by the
sect than gold. Thus, few mortal members understand
that some of their fellow Orphics are... different. I came
to that realization only gradually myself. The ones who
appeared between sundown and dawn. The ones who
never appeared at all, whose presence was signified by
an empty chair. The ones who spoke through various
"representatives" when they had something to say. It all
came together for me at last. In those days, I was as most
of you are now: certain of little, but suspicious of
everything. I had advantages you lack, though. At my
disposal was one of the world's great occult libraries, and
I found myself in regular proximity to creatures I'd read
about or seen some allusion to in this or that text.

All of which, I'm sure, holds limited interest for
most of you, so let me serve up — with a cautionary note
— what the more eager among you want: Here you'll
find a map showing the location of the Orphic head-
quarters in Thessaly and a rough floor plan of the
mansion. I do not know whether you'll find anyone on
the premises, but I suspect a visit might prove worth-
while even so. In case anyone is there, I recommend that
‘you take time to read what I write here before you stop by
If you hope to come back alive, that is.

Three hundred beings make up the Orphic Circle.
Your much-discussed "sight" will no doubt be helpful in
separating mortal members from those who are v_mp_t_s
or other aftermaths of life. Be assured, though, that every
member is potentially deadly. Never turn your back on
any of them, and be especially wary of the following:

Caspar Bratovitch — In the years I knew him, he
changed extraordinarily little in appearance. He did
change, however, and he went about freely in daylight,
so he is no v_mp_t_. Whatever he is (which certainly is
not the pre-adolescent bumpkin he seems), Caspar is


incredibly intelligent, strong and fast. Barehanded, he
can pluck out your still-beating heart, and then he's
likely to take his time sucking the marrow from your
bones. I am not being metaphorical. He is security chief
for the Circle. He keeps an apartment along the main.
corridor, just past the mansion's entrance.

Antonio ? — Definitely a v_mp_r_ and
something stranger besides. Old Antonio's tenure pre-
dated mine, which is one reason I never knew his last
name. He also had what seemed to be two of his
kinsmen as his sometime-allies in the Circle (all man-
ner of political skulduggery goes on within the cabal;
having partisans of one's own is essential). I never
knew their names at all, but the resemblance among
them was striking. Once, while exploring the mansion's
secret passageways, I was able to eavesdrop on this trio
as they argued among themselves in hushed Italian. If
1 understood them correctly (my strengths are in
written Italian and Latin, but not the spoken form of
either), their "family's goals" and those of the Circle
"coincided." Nevertheless, Antonio's hope was that
"we" could "bring down the curtain ourselves" in order
to get "first choice of souls." Whether by "we" he
meant "la famiglia" — that is, members of their ex-
tended clan not present for the chat — or only the
three who were present, or the Circle itself, I could not
determine. The tension between them seemed to be
about whom exactly they were betraying. I wish 1
could share their family name with you, but I never
knew Antonio by any other appellation.

Ada Pavon — Far deadlier than the males, this
Caribbean woman may be Public Enemy Number 1.
She is what devotees of voudon call a "horse," and the
being that rides her may be one of the true demons |
mentioned earlier. Whatever her dark companion is, it
possesses terrifying abilities of transformation. If itis a
demon, it has no semblance of morality whatsoever.

Jane Profitt — (a.k.a. Susan Sarvarian, a.k.a. Suzy
Billions) Mortal, as far as I know, and rich beyond my
knowing. Little Suzy made her money alongside (also
beneath and atop, no doubt) an arms dealer, now
deceased, named Alfredo Carcassione. She is Pavon's
closest ally.

The aforementioned may be problems — or not.
You may discover they've all been replaced by new
members in the Circle — or not. It may be that the
Circle is extinct as an entity, but I cannot be sure. You
possess the abilities, the numbers and the geographical
breadth to resolve at least some of these uncertainties.

Here is what I know for sure.

Late last summer, sometime after my return to the
mortal plain, I made my way to Thessaly. My intention
was to thwart the Circle's goals in any way I was able. As

I said, the unification of the living and dead worlds do
not coincide with my — or your — continued health.

Knowing what I did about security measures at the
estate, | observed the place under cover of darkness for
several nights. I had settled upon a way to enter when
explosions wracked the west wing. They began to spread
and grew ever more frequent. Hopelessness swept over
me as I became immediately convinced that I had
waited too long. | felt a wave of... chill, for want of a
better term, strike me. Then, things began to rise into
view above the mansion. First came two helicopters,
both of which raced away, one east, one west. Next
came what I thought were bats spiraling into the night
— not an unreasonable conclusion, since the mansion
stands above an extensive cave system.

But reason, I quickly realized, had no place there
that night.

What erupted from the Orphics' hideaway and
filled the sky above it were the dead. Evil spirits. What
Caspar Bratovitch used to call "malcontents." Beings
whose sole existence is dedicated to misery, pain and
the end ofall living creatures. Because the mansion had
always been magically protected from incursions by
such entities, | knew something dire had occurred
within. I also knew I had to flee, as some of those spirits
might have known (or even been made by) me in my
previous existence. Even then, I knew that spirits'
memories are nothing if not long.

Obviously, I escaped that night. But something has
been different ever since, and avoiding the ultimate
effects of that (apparently global) alteration may be
impossible. Later that very week I began to encounter
the crumbling revenants you discuss here regularly,
creatures that were unknown to me prior to that terri-
fying event at Taenarus. The dead walking the earthen
masse strikes me as a sign that the worlds of the living
and the unliving have indeed been brought closer
together. Understand, though, that battling the results
of the merger is superficial treatment for the underlying
illness.

Because the Orphics aren't done.

Yes, what happened to their home base suggests
that they were hoist on their own petard. But there
remains the nagging detail of those two helicopters.
Any survivors of Taenarus' destruction are sure to
continue in the Orphic tradition. Of course, those
vehicles might have held outsiders responsible for the
destruction that I saw.

But if not...

Allof you, of course, are going to do as you will. Just
bear in mind that, as bad as things are now, ignoring my
warning could let them become a thousand times worse.

Good hunting.

J


Rippirs

Subject: roll call redux
From: witness!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

In the weeks since the last roll call was announced,
I've heard from all active members except the following:

God45

Pilot56

Shaka74

Oraclel71

Alleyman222

Any information concerning these individuals, good
or bad, would be appreciated.

Subject: traitor56
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: alleyman222

traitor56, better known to most of you as pilot, is
alive and well. but not for long.

peleus
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: pilot56
Subject: the truth

I sent the anonymous warning to hunters who'd
been in contact with Alleyman222. I am one of the
imbued. I do work for part of the government that
monitors electronic transmissions of all kinds. If you
know what that means, you understand why I don't
want to post its "call letters" here. Doing so might raise
ared flag in their data sieves. Somehow, as I said before,
the government, or the part I work for anyway, seems to
be unaware of this domain. And that's how I hope to
keep it. Whatever you think of me now—and Alleyman,
at least, clearly appears to think the worst — I have
always been dedicated to our fight. Before I find myself
silenced, possibly by one of my own brothers-at-arms,
there are truths I have to share.

I could sling mud the way "Ichmail" has, but it
serves no good. Instead, Ill just point out that the device
the Feds use to detect what we call rots and so on started
out as a probe to view "another dimension." A few
months ago, we stopped being able to see that... place,
1 guess. It disappeared almost overnight in a haze of
static. About the same time, the probe, in its capacity as
a detector of the other dimension's denizens (which I
believe are the things some of us call "the disembodied"
or wisps; rots or fangs when they have physical forms) in
this world went nuts.

The brass convinced itself that an invasion was
underway, a real body-snatcher scenario where formless

aliens were coming here and possessing all sorts of
people. But because the folks who had this detecting
technology were in Washington, they mostly worried
about people in Washington being possessed. Typical.

Me, | was a desk jockey who used to be a pilot. I had
all the right security clearances, so I wound up in the
thick of monitoring a war by surveillance. Watching
more people get caught up in this web, watching the
names and the dates stack up as we connected the dots
between these creatures and their pawns. Or puppets.
Whatever.

Then one day I heard The Voice. My life changed.
I began to live in fear. Fear of discovery by my bosses,
fear of falling into the hands of the enemy and revealing
just how much the Feds really knew. After a while,
though, I stopped being afraid of what I was doing. I was
more scared of what the government wasn't doing. But
even then, I didn't agitate. I thought hunters could win
this war on their own. That's when New Dijon hap-
pened and the shit hit the fan.

You all remember the little town in Canada that
isn't, right? Graves popping open, the disembodied
swirling through the air like ashes on the wind,
soldiers cordoning off the whole show? Well, in the
"official" version, none of that happened. How could
it? The U.S., specifically my little part of it, stepped
in to help its Canadian buddies sweep New Dijon
under the rug. Today, the whole town and a good
chunk of land around it is a fenced-off "hot zone" —
some crap about a rodent-borne hantavirus that causes
violent hysteria. If only that were the lone conse-
quence of the whole episode. But no, New Dijon
scared the shit out of the brass. They took it as a
frontal assault from "the dimension next door" and
decided to strike back at the "occupying force." They
finally did it this week.

And this week, a lot of good men died. A heavily
armed assault team with flame throwers and a lot more
went after what looked to be the highest "alien" on the
totem pole. They did their duty. We, once again, sat
back and watched from a distance. We watched while
our own men turned on each other. Some kind of mind
control was the general consensus. | had no comment
on that front, as you can probably guess

The people I work for are terrified by the idea that
what they're trying to fight might be exactly what it
seems. | want to screamat them: Ifit looks like a vampire
and acts like a vampire and drinks blood like a vampire,
does it matter whether it's an alien that thinks it's a
vampire? But I can't do that. I can't tell them the truth.
Or what I understand to be the truth, which is con-
stantly shifting, most recently thanks to Ichmail's


revelations. But I can tell all of you what I know, and the
truth is that the Feds think some factional war is going
on among "alien invaders." Yes, these guys watch too
much TV. Our problem is that they believe we are one
of the factions.

T'll do what I can to keep the imbued out of the
government's sights as long as I'm able.

Meanwhile, here's hoping]'m not inyour crosshairs.
Subject: I KNEW IT!
From: soldier91
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Pilot, you're a lifesaver! I've been saying all along
that the Messengers are aliens, but no one on these
lists even wants to consider it. The Feds believe we're
part ofa planetary struggle because we are. Their belief
in extraterrestrial activity on our world is correct. The
only part they have wrong is that the aliens aren't the
bad guys, they're helping us! They gave us the powers
we have so we can pull mankind out of the hole it's dug
for itself with all these pollutants and all the negative
psychic energy that's a byproduct of developed civili-
zations. The enemy is very terrestrial because we created

them. They come from within us. As soon as we prove
that we can wisely use the powers we've been given to
make the Earth right — the way the Messengers used
those same powers to pull themselves up by their
bootstraps and take to the stars — our benefactors will
reveal themselves.

That's when the new golden age will begin.

Pilot, I've got your back. Anybody who thinks about
harming Pilot56 will answer to me.
Subject: Re: | KNEW IT!
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I've said it before and I'll say it again. Soldier, turn
off the goddamn television. I don't know who's sadder,
you or Pilot. This raft of bullshit he's trying to float
about the "dimension next door" is too lame for words.
What worries me is how much truth he's telling about
Uncle Sam. The FBI tried to destroy the civil rights
movement from inside with plants and blackmail and
worse for years. Pilot, if you mean what you say, you
better do what you say or we'll all pay the price.

Soldier, go read some history books.



When I heard, my belly trembled; my lips quivered at the voice: rottenness
entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself, that I might rest in the day of
trouble: when he cometh up unto the people, he will invade them with his troops

— Habakkuk 3:16

Hiping in Ptawy Signy

To: hunter.liste@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter 169
Subject: Test

This is a test. Please do not respond.
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22

Subject: Re: Test

Notanotherhacker? What the hell isgoingon here? First
thisIchmail andnow—who?Orare we talking"what" again?
Hey buddy, want to share how you found this list? This site is
going to be a CNN hot pick before you know it, I swear.

+ hunter.list@hunter-net.org

¢ how you respond to a polite request or
simple instructions. I'll tell you what: Next post, Pll type
in "Please don't jump off the Brooklyn Bridge" and we'll
see how much list traffic diminishes. Deal?
Incidentally, what'swith theformaton theavatarhandles?
Itmakesussoundlikeabunchoflate-era AOL subscribers.I'm
expectingone of youto tell me about how I can make millions
online or see nubile young teenagers in XXX poses.
OTOH, it's nice to see some of you have pulses, if
not spellcheckers. I think you'll be very interested in a
few of the things I've discovered over the last couple of

decades, and now I'm ina position to share that knowl-
edge. I can't do much with it myself, or by myself, but
now that I've found you people | think you'll be in a
position to do some real good with what I can share.

That is, if you're willing to listen.

I'll be off the list for a couple of days to let you decide
if you want to hear me. Watch for me in the obituaries
in the meanwhile.

PS. And before the frenzy of speculation starts, no,
I'm nothing like Ichmail. I'm not a vampire, though I've
met several. I'mstill around. They're not. Think about it.
From: gardener67
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
Subject: We're all very impressed

OK Carpenter, the braggadocio is old already. We've
seen it before. In fact, everyone here has seen something
out of the ordinary and lived long enough to at least
spread the word afterward. So stop showing off and
don'teven think about trying to impress us. If you've got
astory to tell, tell it. Mysterious references to all of the
bad things you've endured are nice, but that and a buck-
and-a-half will get you a tall cup of coffee these days.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Route

1 still want to know how you found your way here
Carpenter. This place caters to a pretty exclusive clien-

a eS,


tele, andit'snot the sort youcan just stumble across. Also,
we've been experiencing some... technical weirdness of
late. With that in mind, I'm curious about who you are,
what your story is and what the hell you're actually doing
here. Feel free to satisfy my curiosity at any time.
Subject: Re: Route

From: doctor119

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

What Cabbie is trying to avoid saying is that we've had
one intruder who by all rights should not be here — well,
here of late — and people are understandably a bit nervous.
You've presented yourself in a rather confrontational man-
ner and this isn't the best of times for that sort of thing. So
why don't we start again. Introduce yourself. Say how you
found thisplace and why you're here. Add whateverelse you
feel like adding. That may get things back on the right foot.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Picky, picky

Cripes, I thought this was place where people who
hunted monsters exchanged information, not a sewing
circle ora quilting bee. I'm sorry if people were offended
by the splash I made, but, hey, wake up! We're hunting
monsters! Let's not beat around the bush. If you can't
deal with a mean net post, what are you going to do
when some bloodsucking freak comes howling out of
the rafters at you? Ask him to scream on key?

But I can play nice. You want to know how I found
this place? I'll tell you how.

It was, of all things, something I can only describe
as an "intervention" on Alta Vista. I'm not joking. |
couldn't make this up if I were trying.

I'd just come back from a very long trip and had gotten
home for the first time in what felt like ages. The place was
ashambles, of course, just the way I'd leftit. Fortunately, I'd
done some shopping on my way back and picked up a
laptop and everything else I needed to get up to speed on
the modern age. The clerk was surpassingly helpful, all
things considered. I didn't even need to shout much.

Anyway, I got home, blew the dust off everything (it
felt like it had been years, really) and started to play with
my new toy. I was pretty quick to get everything up and
running, so | settled in for an evening of bouncing around
online, looking for naked pictures. After all, I seemed to
remember the "net" being good for that sort of thing.

That's when things started to get screwy. I opened
up a web browser, got set to look for something suitably
naughty and found that my web search for the terms,
well, we won't go into what those terms were but assume
they weren't anything to do with this place. Anyway,
my search gave me one hit. Here. Then it went blank,
flashed a half-dozen colors and just gave me 72-point
Courier letters that said, "THIS IS THE WAY."

Sol cursed and rebooted. That looked like some kind of
virus and I really didn't want my brand-new computer to be
screwed already. Starting back up took forever, so I tried a
bunch of different searches with different terms. Three
guesses where I wound up every time? So I loaded up some
different software, thinking it was my browser. No dice. |
even went out, got that godawful fishwrap they call the Sun-
Times and actually typed in some of the URLs listed in the
technical advice column. Every time I wound up here.

Needless to say, this isn't where I wanted to go, but
even someone as slow as I am (and I'm certainly not
quick, at least not these days) can figure out when he's
being hit over the head. Besides, that damn "THIS IS
THE WAY" message kept flashing. Eventually all you
can do is humor that sort of thing.

So I clicked and the strangest thing happened. I'm
still not quite sure how to describe it. It was like someone
turned on every light in the entire house. Everything got
brighter, but not ina garish way. It was just warm, with a
weird a sense of a presence. It was even sort of peaceful,
which is precisely the sort of thing I despise:

Oh, and there were these voices repeating the message,
but I'm not going to bore anyone with my account of that.

I'm still convinced the whole thing was just some sort
of massive cover to draw your attention away from the fact
that this site takes forever to load. It's remarkable, really, for
something that doesn't have alot of pretty pictures on it. But
that's the story of how I got here. I lurked for a while before
‘openingmy yap, in part tofigure outwhat the rest of youwere
allabout, and in part because I wanted to see what youknow.

To tell the truth, guys, it ain't much. But since people
want me to refrain from showing off, I'll keep my trap shut.

Unless Ichmail comes back.

Subject: A discrepancy noted
From: doctorl19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Your account is interesting, Carpenter, but it raises a
few questions. It certainly sounds like you've been con-
tacted by the same entities the rest of us have. I think of
them as constructs or perhaps even nonhuman intelli-
gences, but to spare the sensibilities of the others here I
won't advocate my viewpoint now. But your encounter
differs significantly from mine, and from every other one
I've heard recounted. I'm puzzled by the discrepancy, and
I'm curious as to any possible account you can make for it.

In short, it seems that each time one of us has been
contacted or triggered oractivated or whatever you wish to
call it, it has been in direct response to the immediate
presence of one or more supernatural entities. Of those
incidents, 64% involved rots, 21% other varieties of walk-
ing dead including shamblers, possessors and the like, 9%
involving animalistic entities, and the rest a variety in-


cluding "wizards," goblins and, in at least one case, a
"detached head flying around under its own power." (I
haven't delivered my report on that last incident yet
because I'm still gathering details. The imbued involved
does not wish to join this community for fear for his/her
life, and passed the story on with the greatest reluctance.)

Admittedly, | don't have an exhaustive list of every
imbued's moment of clarity (to borrow a phrase), but I have
sufficient data to at least form a hypothesis — that proximity
of some form of creature is essential, possibly even the trigger
mechanism, for the transformation or activation we undergo.

And yet, youraccount lacks this crucial detail. Why is
that? Admittedly, all of the other details seem compatible:
altered perception, mysterious text communication of
some sort, even the voices (which have been heard in a
majority, albeit not a totality of changes). But the absence
of that one crucial connection makes me curious.

So can you explain this anomaly? This is not an
accusation, merely a request for information. Your ac-
count alters a great deal of my thinking about what
makes us what we could be.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: hunter?
Subject: Re: A discrepancy noted

The other possibility, of course, is that he could
be lying.

Subject: Re: A discrepancy noted
From: bookworm55
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I'dsay it's more likely thathe may be tellinga partial
truth, rather than flat-out lying. Afterall, he's here, and
that means he's got something from the Messengers.
You just don't make your way here without that, do you?

And Carpenter, you shouldn't have mentioned
your newspaper. There are only so many rags in this
country with that name. You just made ita lot easier to
find you, and if unfriendly beings are listening, you may
have endangered yourself.

Subject: Re: A discrepancy noted
From: doctorl 19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Yet another possibility is that Carpenter experienced
adifferent sort of contact from our mysterious patrons than
did the rest of us. We shall see what this ultimately means.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: carpenter] 69
Subject: Recollections

You know, I honestly don't know why I keep on trying.
Every time I try to passalong some useful information, [have
my honesty questioned. I's enough to make aman think that
he's not trusted. [fit were up tome, Pdabandon the lotof you

GHAPYER 2: ENEMY OF MY ENE

to your fate. Unfortunately, | find myself compelled to keep
coming back here and subjecting myself to more abuse.
And if you don't find that interesting in and of
itself, Doctor, I've lost all hope for you.
From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Promises
We keep on hearing all about these super secrets on.
ghost-busting you've supposedly got, Carpenter, but you
haven't shared word one. I think you're just a blowhard. I'll
continue to think that until such timeas youprove otherwise.
In the meantime, I've got a lead on a haunting. There's
some serious poltergeist activity at a house in northeast
Philadelphia that I'm going to have a look at. I'll report back
with what] find. Hopefully,  won'treport on what found me.

Tue Deap Preside over vue Living

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: freezer] 82
Subject: Walker one, hunter zero

God damn, walkers are tough! I don't know why I'm
still alive to write this, but I figure I'd better get it down.
before that thing comes looking for me again.

I don't think I can survive a second go with it.

Right. Slow down. Start at the beginning.

The city I live in has a lot of oil refineries. Oil is what
used to make this city go, and the corpse is still twitching.
That means there's a constant stream of trucks moving in
and out, and there'sa steady line of blue fire on the skyline
from the plants burning off waste. That also means the
refineries run 24/7 as plant managers try to convince their
bosses to keep them open. The refineries aren't main-
tained as well as they ought be, as a result. There's a lot of
accidents that get hushed up, anda lotofmen withonearm
or horrible burns who walk around town on the company
nickel. Their silence has been bought. Workers' lives are
less important than the bottom line.

Anyway, I'm pretty new at this, but I noticed quick that
the closer you got to the plants, the more monsters you saw.
And when I say "more," I mean more. Rots. Giant hairy
things. Ghosts. The occasional hidden. And some things
thatnoone here hasmentioned or described. There was one
that looked like a combination of a human and a massive
pile of worms. I ran when I saw it. I hope it didn't see me.

I did a little work watching the creatures and
keeping my head down. Fortunately, no one, not even
amonster, looks at an ice cream truck driver and says "I
wonder if he's a monster hunter?" It was great cover, at
least as far as it went. The question is, what do I do now
that a walker has wrecked my truck?

I'm getting ahead of myself.

os

MY


Iwentdown past the Endron plant on my route last Friday.
That's where | see the highest concentration of things — and
that's where I saw that worm-monster. But the workers buy
more ice cream than anyone else. Go figure. I wasn't about to
make a play on the place, but I did think it was important to
swing by regularly and at least track what was in there in case
Thad to do something. Anyway, I was doing one last pass.as the
sun was going down — and I was pretty much out of stock —
when I noticed the walker. He was dressed in a plant uniform.
Youknow, the greenand yellow youseeatevery Endronservice
station. He was walking straight for the gate like he belonged
there. Who knows, considering what else I'd seen there, he
might have. He even looked pretty good for a walker. I mean,
he wasn't obviously rotting or anything, and he didn't smell,
but you could see the blotches and the off color of his skin. He
didn't move right, either. He walked like he had a hip broken
and it didn't get set right or something.

Assoon as I noticed him, he noticed me. He wasn't even
looking at me at the time, but turned around and stared right
at me. It was like he'd been tipped off or something, like
someone whispered in his ear. I couldn't move. He stomped
right over and looked me up and down. "I don't know who or
what youare," he said, "butdon't think about interfering or I'l
killyou, too. Thisismy business." His fist washuge. The guy was
huge. He barely fit into his uniform.

I'm no hero. I like to make violence the last thing I try.
Besides, his fist was in my face and he looked like he could punch
clear through the side of my truck. So I just nodded and said, "1
won't interfere. I swear. Just tell me what's going on."

He smiled and it looked horrible. Alll of his teeth had
been yanked and his gums were leaking blood and pus. I
neatly lost the choco-taco I had for dinner. "There's a boss
named Bassett. He has an overdue bill. I'm the collection

guy. Go home if you know what's good for you." He
~~~. gave mea friendly slap on the side of the head. At
least, [assume it was friendly because he didn't

take my head off. Then he just turned and
"went in. It was strange. No one at the

2 \ security post tried to stop him. They
\\ \ didn't even seem to notice him.
\\ | I'm sure some of you think I'm a
\

\ \reoeaal eractdsie ane see

» \ \ | this... guy, thing, whatever. Maybe
- \ you're right. Maybe] should have. But

" \\\ he was right in my face and could have
4 A) splattered my brains, andat that point

1) \, °| MMMM) he didn't seem like he was going to do

me any harm, I debated trying to warn
Bassett, buthow exactly do you call up

danger from a monster"? That sort of
call doesn't get past the secretary, if it
isn't transferred over to security.

| atotal stranger and say, "Your life isin

fi |


So I dithered and while I did all hell broke loose. I
heard gunshots and a couple of explosions. Part of me
wanted to follow the walker's instructions and get out of
there, but the rest of me was frozen. I had to see what was
going on. I got out of the truck and edged up close to the
gates. In hindsight, that was a really bad idea.

Afterafew minutes, | saw the walker. Itwasn'twalking
any more. It was running for the gate. There were security
guards after it, and some of them were shooting. I saw the
thing take what looked like a dozen bullets before it finally
went down, maybe twenty feet from the entrance.

"Oh well," I thought. "That finishes it. I should go."
I turned to start the truck and that's when it happened.
The walker got back up — and it looked real mad.

Maybel'm making excuseshere, but when that thing
came and talked to me, it was sort of human in a way. It
wasn't what I'd call pleasant, but it didn't seem to leak
evil. When it got back up, whatever humanity that was
left was gone. It was pure hate on two legs. It turned
around and went after the security guards who were still
shooting at it. It seemed to get stronger with every step.

They didn't stand a chance. It was over in seconds,
except for the moans. Even where I stood I could hear their
bones crack. Then the thing turned around and came out.
"Hetoldyouto leave," itsaid. "Good thingyoudidn'tlisten."

I tried to get away but I was too slow. It picked me up
by the collar and said, "Give me the keys or I'll snap your
neck like a wishbone." I'm not stupid. I gave him the keys.
He smiled and tossed me like I was a rag doll (and believe
me, youdon'tdrivean ice cream truck for ten years and stay
skinny.) bounced offthe fence and hit the pavement. The
last thing | saw was the walker driving off in my truck at full
speed with the music on. Then I blacked out.

I woke up in the hospital, surrounded by cops and a
couple of nervous Endron lawyers. They told me they were
taking care of my hospital bills since I''d been injured on.
their property. The way they kept looking at the cops told
me they knew what really happened and were there to keep
mefromspillingthe beans. I''msmartenough to take a hint.
Ttold the cops I got ina fight with a guy trying to steal my
truck. He won. The cops nodded and said stuffabout angel
dust and let me get on with recovering. The Endron guys
thanked me, repeated that they'd coverall my billsand left
me with a fruit basket. Everything in it sucked.

They told me my truck was found wrapped around a
telephone pole a day later. There was no sign of the thief and
there were no prints except mine and stuff that was the right
sizeto belong to kidsleaningon the counter. [wentout to look
atitlateratthe wrecker's, and didn'tfindmuchelse. There was
dust on the seat, which was odd, but that was about it.

So that was my run-in with a walker. I hope this
helps other people who meet them. I'm lucky to be
alive. Next time I see one I'm going to try to take it out
before it sees me... or I'm going to run like hell.

From: howitzer! 14
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Walkers

Freezer, your experience sounds like a pretty typical
walker encounter. There have been other reports of the
sort of dual personality you describe. Me, I think they're
just putting on a pretty face until the chips are down,
then they show their true colors. But I don't think I've
never met one like that so I could just be guessing.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter1 69
Subject: Re: Walkers

Freezer, did you notice if the walker was carrying
anything? Did it have a weapon or anything else in its
hands? Was it carrying anything unusual?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: freezer182
Subject: Re: Walkers

It didn't have anything in its hands. I know, I saw
it up close and personal. Its fists were right in my face
Itjust had on an Endron uniform, a beat-up Drillers hat
and work boots. But you wouldn't expect even a walker
to go around barefoot in these parts.

From: howitzer! 14
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: (no subject)

Would that be the Tulsa, Oklahoma Drillers on the
hat? Freezer, check your local paper. There's an obituary
listing for a Murray Bassett, long-time Endron execu-
tive. There's even a picture of him. He looks like a
sanctimonious corporate bastard, but then again they
all do. He's fat and satisfied and now he's dead.

The report reads he died of injuries suffered from a
fall last Friday night. They don't mention the distance he
fell, or whether it was an accident. I am inclined to
believe he did indeed die from a fall — the walker
probably pitched him out a window. There's an extended
tribute to the deceased's remarkable qualities as a human.
being, most of which means nothing, and little more on
the incident. There's nothing on the security guards or
any related story about the stolen truck. I'm very inter-
ested in seeing how this turns out.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: freezer182
Subject: Addendum

Icaught the story about Bassett, and yes, lam in Tulsa. At
least, | am at the moment. I'm getting out of town as soon as
all of the checks from Endron clear. It's dirty money, but I'll
take it and start over. If cash the checks here they can't track
me. Besides, everything I had was tied up in that truck. In the
nextfewdaysI'llbeputtingeverythingI know aboutthistown


inafileand uploading it. The rest of youcan take on whatever
you feel like, or avoid the area as you want. I'm leaving.

However, there's one other thing I need to add to
wrap up this whole thing.

I was out walking in Chandler Park this morning.
That's near the refineries, but not too close, It's about the
only place I want to remember around here. Anyway, |
was in the park early. There weren't even any joggers,
which tells you how early it was. That's how I like it.

So I'm walking and I notice a figure on one of the
benches. I didn't pay any mind until I got close and saw
that he didn't move. I thought maybe he was a vagrant
fallen asleep. I walked over to slip hima buck — there's
always someone worse off than you are.

When I gotclose I got the second-biggest shock ofmy
life. You can probably guess what the first one was, and
maybe you can figure out this one. He looked like he'd
been dead for years now, not days. There wasn't anything
menacing about him any more. He looked peaceful, even
with his cheeks sunken in and his skin peeling back. That
stupid Drillers hat was still on his head.

Maybe | did the wrong thing, but I dragged the body
down to the river and tossed it in. It sank. I'm not sure
why I did that, especially considering the state I'm in,
but it seemed like the right thing to do. Somehow I
knew those Endron guys would want to get their hands
on him, and they just gave me the willies.

I kept the hat, though. That seemed right, too.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter 169
Subject: The hat

If it feels right, by all means hang onto the hat. Keep
it safe. | don't recommend wearing it, and you might
want to wash it. I suspect he was buried wearing it.

Idon't expect the body will ever surface, though that
depends on the chemical composition of the river. You're
covered on that end, at least from the police. Endron's a
different matter, I suspect. They've probably got a few
cops on their payroll. Leaving town is a good idea.

Just remember to take the hat with you.

A Syrancer nour Misr

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: That reminds me
Ishould have mentioned this earlier. I saw in one of
the early posts that ournew authority mentioned rots by
the common term for them. Carpenter, if you're reading
this, you should know better than to ever, ever call those
things by their proper name. The last thing we need is
them finding us because you got lazy with your typing.
Witness, can we have an update on security? Please?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Okay, I Lied. I'm Back.

Geez, people, what's wrong with you? So I typed the
word $#@$#. (Hah! Thought was going to type—oh wait,
don't want to set you off again.) What, you think they're
demons out of fairy tales, that saying their names summons
them? Get a grip, Cabbie. It doesn't work that way. And if
they're smart enough tosweep net traffic for the actual word,
don't you think they're smart enough to check for permuta-
tions like "v_mp_r_" or "v_mpyr" or "bl_ds_ck_ng fr_k"?
(Yes, I've been lurking long enough to watch that little
exchange. When do I get my secret decoder ring?)

You know, for people who're convinced that your
enemy is omnipotent and omniscient, you seem to think
they're pretty damn stupid. You're not going to fool them
with grade-school tricks and code names. You have to give
them credit for being smart and fast and powerful. On the
other hand, they're not everywhere. They don't know
everything. My continued existence proves that. I can tell
you a lot about them — and about your friend Ichmail.

Now, you've got two choices. You can rant and rave
about how | don't play by your rules. Well, guess what? |
don't. That's why I'mstill here. More tothe point, that'swhy
P'll still be here in five years and most of you will be dead.

Orif you're smart you can listen to me. You can take
what I give you and run with it. You'll last a lot longer
and do more good.

It's up to you. Me, I'm going to the game. Got myself
good seats for the first time in what seems like... a lifetime.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Arrogant son of a bitch

Idon't have to take this. I won't take this. Witness,
can't we get this jackass out of here?

Subject: Rots
From: soldier91
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

We're aware of basic security measures, flag words
and some of the limitations of our opposition, Carpen-
ter. You might get more respect if you were polite.
Subject: Another anomaly
From: witness]

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

This is odd. I've been doing trace routes on Carpenter's
posts. I'm always curious when someone comes on and
makes such splash in such a short period. Usually ifthey've
got that much tosay, it'sa good idea to check upon themand
see what their story might be. Italsoletsmescannewsreports
in their area for evidence of rots on the move. After all, the
noisy among us unfortunately tend to be silenced.

Carpenter, for what it might be worth, is posting
messages from multiple accounts that are primarily from


local providers in the midwestern United States. While he
certainly could be logging on remotely to all of these
accounts, he could also be posting from separate locations
each time and racking up a heck of a lot of frequent-flier
miles. Or there could be something very odd going on.

All of that could be significant, or it could mean.
nothing, particularly when we combine itwith the anomaly
that the good Doctor noted. What I think it should mean,
however, is that it may well be very important to listen to
what Carpenter says, and to double-check every word of it.

Keep your eyes open, people.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter 169
Subject: Poor Wandering One

Interesting that you took the time to track me down,
Witness. I commend your thoroughness. Then again, I
have to wonder how many other people you've checked
up on in this fashion. Good to know that someone's
keeping tabs on us. Incidentally, Witness, that's a nice
protection you have up against forging headers. No, I
didn't try it but I did examine it, and you're good. Have
alittle faith in the man, people. He's talented.

Asforwhy I'm posting from so many differentaccounts,
it' simple: I move around a lot. I have a lot of enemies. If 1
give them a pattern, they find me. I seem to attract them.
somehow. I always have, even before this whole imbuing or
whatever the hell you call it. In my own way, I've been
fighting spirits for a lifetime. It's almostas if they get into my
head and home in on it. So I stay light on my feet and don't
have a lot of belongings. Coming in through multiple
accounts is just one way of protecting myself.

But something brought me here, and I'm willing to
share what I know for now. Sooner or later, though, I'm
going to get fed up with this shtick, and no matter how
many times my screen flashes "THIS IS THE PLACE,"
I'm going to ignore it. Or kick it in.

Can we get back to cases, please?

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: I smell bullshit

There have been a lot of people claiming to deal with
ghosts fora long time, Carpenter. None of their stories ever
amounted to squat. Even with what I know now, Idon't buy
it. We've only had this "blessing" for a little while. None of
us ever saw anything at all out of the ordinary before. Now
you come along and say you've been fighting monsters for
years. I don't know what your game is, but it stinks.

Subject: Do we have a choice
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: god45
I'll listen, Carpenter. Heaven help you, though, if
this turns out to be bullshit. You see, if you're not on the

upand up, itdoesn't matter. Get me killed. I'll come back.
I learn from my mistakes. I'll find you and deal with you
To: hunter.lise@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Enough

Does everyone new here get the rubber hose like
this? Let me put this in simple terms. I. Want. To. Help.
Someone or something brought me here with the obvi-
ous intention of having me tell you what I know, so shut
up already and let me say it.

Otherwise, whoever or whatever brought me here
is going to get mad. Do we really want that?

Furi Disetosure

From: howitzerl 14
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Material

If you're that gung-ho to tell us what you know,
Carpenter, then why don't you just dump it into a data file
and upload it, so we can look at it without having to put up
with your crap? Look at it another way. You keep on saying
that we've only ourselves to blame if we don't follow the
instructions yougive us. Well, give usall of the instructions
ina lump sowe can start following and hopefully save lives.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: My encyclopedia of all knowledge

Ic's an interesting notion, but there are a couple of
problems with it. One is that if ] wrote down everything I
know on the topic, it would be years before I got it up in
usable form. I'm not sure I have that much time, and I
certainly don't have that much patience. The second
factor is that | want to make sure I share what's most
pertinent to the rest of the imbued. We're all going to feel
like shmucks if] give youa million wordson exorcisms that
have worked forme when what youreally need is whatsort
of slime to expectthe next time youseeacertain spook. So,
in the interests of all concerned (and so I can avoid giving
myself carpal tunnel syndrome), I'm just going to respond
to what's going on and try to offer advice that's useful.

That reminds me that I should sit down and work
something up on walkers, like the one Freezer ran into.
You'll be seeing that shortly.
From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: No luck

Sorry, folks. That place I told you I was going to? The
haunted house upin the northeast? False alarm. Went there,
combed the place from top to bottom and couldn't find a
damn thing. There were a few suspicious footprints in the
dust in the attic, but that was about it. The place looked to
be a teal bitch, too. I mean, if you were going down the

a=


checklist of haunted house stories, this one would ring every
bell. Supposedly this place has had bleeding walls, vermin
infestations, mysterious noises, poltergeist activity, cold
spots and weird lights. Too bad I didn't see any of it. There
wasn't even a kid in a sheet trying to scare me.

From: carpenter169

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Subject: Habeas Corpus?

So let me get this straight. You went into this house
once, didn't find anything, so you decided it was empty?
Okay. Let me throw an idea at you: I walk into your house
while you're at work, assuming you actually hold down a
job and don't spend your days wanking around here. I walk
in the front door and I don't see you. I walk up and down,
the stairs and don't see you. I even poke around in your
basement and your attic for a bit, but not for too long
because it's dusty and I have allergies, and I don't see you.
So come to the conclusion that you don't exist, go home
and tell everyone that [insert name] is a myth. Oh sure,
there were some billsand dirty socks and suchlike scattered
about, but no real proof. Do you follow my logic here?
From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Doubtful

Iswept the place top to bottom, hard. Maybe youcould
drop the superior attitude and give me a little credit?
From: carpenter169
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Ghosts

Doubtful, though I think perhaps I chose a bad ex-
ample. Let me putit this way: Youdon't like the IRS, right?
Nobody likes the IRS. They could give the bl_ds_ck_ng
fr__ks tips on how to, well, suck blood like freaks. Even if
you've got absolutely nothing to hide, and I'm sure you
don't have any skeletons in your closet, Gardener, youstill
don't want to talk to these guys just in case, right?

So you're going to do your damndest not to be home
when your friendly IRS agent, or the guy with thesubpoena
from the mother of your illegitimate child, or the little man
from the draft board knocks on your door. You're going to
hide, duck out the back or tuck yourself into a cedar chest
to make sure the guy thinks you're not there.

It's perfectly sensible. It's the sensible thing to do.
(And I don't want to hear it from any of you that you'd
stick it out and take your medicine. Maybe some of you
would, but I'm betting the vast majority would cut and
Tun or cover your asses.)

So you walked in the door, Gardener, blundered
around like a cop with his first search warrant in hand,
and the ghosts amscrayed out the back.

Do you blame them? More importantly, do you
understand why there wasn't anything there for you to
find? They saw you coming and they ran.

From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: (no subject)

What do you mean they saw me coming? Every
ghost I've dealt with has been stupid, as in "stood there
and let me whack it" stupid. Some of them were mean
and stupid, but they were just... there. They recognized
me asa threat, but that was all. They certainly weren't
intelligent enough to get out of the way. I think we're
getting a snow job here.

From: potter! 16
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Intelligent ghosts

No, Carpenter may be right on this one. I've seen
spirits that certainly acted intelligent, even though they
didn't respond to any attempts at communication.
From: healerl 15
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: Intelligent ghosts

Maybe they saw you were trying to destroy them
and didn't think they had a lot to say.

From: doctor119
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: Intelligent ghosts

Perhaps. It's more likely that they don't communi-
cate in any way we understand. Perhaps they are other
entities whose manifestation corresponds (and has cor-
responded historically) to the way in which we have
viewed ghosts throughout the centuries.

From: rigger111
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Dumb ghosts

Blow it out your ear. A spook is a spook is a spook.
They're mad, bad and crazy. Of course they didn't talk to
you, man. What are they going to say? "Hey, gonna fuck
you up now, and thanks for talkin"? I don't think so.
Subject: I disagree
From: healerl15
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I refuse to believe that any intelligent life form can be
automatically and irrevocably hostile. Itsimply makesnosense.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: pure evil

Going back to Carpenter's example of the IRS agent,
I'd say you're wrong.

Subject: Intelligence
From: bookworm55
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I can unequivocally add my experience to
Carpenter's assessment. I've come in contact with a few


ghosts and poltergeists in my time, and most of them have
demonstrated the following:
© Response to outside stimuli
Evidence of learning behaviors
© Clear proof of memory and recognition
Efforts to communicate, though I can't vouch for the
quality of it in most instances
¢ Demonstrations of fear
* Inmany cases, fairly incontrovertible proof of malice,
which sad to say is a hallmark of intelligence
Add all these factors up and one comes to the inescap-
able conclusion that many ghosts, poltergeists and possessors
are, for lack of a better term, possessed of some form of
intelligence. What they chose to do with that intelligence
is the question.
From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
gp Subject: (no subject)
Fuck around if you want, Shogun. You've
{@_ obviously never faced one ofthese things. Oth-
erwise you wouldn't joke.
And as for you, Carpenter, if you
know so much about the way these
38 Ey things think, why don't you spill it?
N° Orare you just enjoying sitting back
wherever you are and tossing off
your snide bullshit? Let's have some

<< vj j WSS proof that you know what you're
Dmg it WIA" talking about or I'm throwing you in
nn nen \Ws my /gag list.
\ ) " TAN ; AY To: hunter list@hunter-netorg
Mh, . . .
an

im From: carpenter169

Subject: The truth
I've been meaning to come forward,
but I'll admit that it is fun to watch you
* dance around the truth. For what it's
worth, yes I do like sitting back and mak-
ing snide comments. It's the only pleasure
, Iderive from this angst-ridden existence,
«and the rest of my life is just torment unless
g_ I'm sniping at you. No, really.
> Inall seriousness, know a little bit about
what I'm talking about. I've seen spirits. I've
met spirits. I've even put a few spirits down.
+ There are ways to doit, if you're smart and fast
and careful and you respect them. But if you go
7. stomping around like you're killing ants, the
ghosts will fade into the woodwork ot will make
, you pay. Why? Because ghosts are as smart and
fast and mean as you are, and they have an
advantage over you. They're dead. You're
not. You're still afraid of dying. That
gives them the edge.

0

a>

CHAPTER 2: ENEMY OF MY ENEMY


HUNTER: THE WACKING DEAD

From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Dying

I'm not afraid of dying as long as it's for the right
reason. Can you say the same, Carpenter?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter] 69
Subject: Being Dead

Nice show of bravado, but wait until the moment
you actually see the gun barrel pointed at you like a big
black "O." Then tell me you're ready. It's easy to talk
about, but a hard, hard thing to face.
Subject: Re: Dying
From: soldier91
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

You're either ready or you're not. I saw guys in the
service, big tough guys, real bruisers, who took a bullet
to the gut and cried like babies. On the other hand,
there were these little tiny wiry guys, ones you'd expect
to fold up like napkins, and they didn't make a peep,
didn't want to give the rest of the platoon away. Some
guys can face death, some can't. It's that simple.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: potterl16
Subject: Off topic

What we're debating here is whether spirits are actu-
ally the representations of people who've died, and how we
might approach and maybe even understand them.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Being Dead

Being dead does give ghosts an advantage. Trust me.
While there might be worse stuff on the other side
waiting for them, they've already been through anything
worse than you ever have. They're not afraid of it. What's
the worst thing you're going to do? Kill them again? Who
knows, maybe being a spirit sucks and they'll be happy to
be destroyed once and for all. But they know that you're
afraid of death, because deep down every living thing is
(or was). You can't help it. So in that split second when
you force yourself to do something your DNA and sub-
conscious resist, a ghost is already acting. That's its edge.
Subject: Re: Being Dead
From: bookworm55
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

You sound remarkably well informed on this, Car-
penter. Dare I ask how?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: How Do I Know?

Idied and there was this long tunnel with abrightlight
at the end of it, and then Della Reese was waiting for me.

What do you think? Maybe I just do my research,
Bookworm. Have you ever considered that? Maybe I know
what]'mtalkingabout because I domy homework?T'lltell you
what: You keep mouthing off instead of listening to useful
information, punk, and you'll end up dead sooner rather than
later. Then you can come back and tell us how wrong I was.
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: potter116
Subject: Courtesy

There's no need for that sort of thing, Carpenter. If
I didn't know better, your post could be interpreted as a
threat. We've got too many problems out there to be at
each other's throats in here.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: azrael256
Subject: Bookworm

Even if something horrible were to happen to Book-
worm, God forbid, there's no way he could come back and
tell the list what it was like. It's not like ghosts can type.

Under Sircr

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Ichmail

Fascinating. So does anyone know if there's any way
that the enemy can find this place? One vampire with
a browser could learn an awful lot. And that still leaves
open the question of Ichmail. Let me guess: He's not
supposed to be on here, is he?
Subject: Re: Ichmail
From: witness]
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Ichmail presentsan.... interestingsituation. He'shack-
ing the system, and doing so with a lot of sophistication. I
think I see how he got in and am impressed. It's almost as
if | left the hole open all the time. That's not to say I can't
shut it whenever I want, now that I know where itis. (Yes,
Ichmail, that's intended for you to read. You're here on my
sufferance). But he seems to be behaving himself and
proving somewhat useful to the community. I know of at
least one earnest response to his information thus far. With
that in mind, I'm not going to take punitive action — yet.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: carpenter169
Subject: Re: Ichmail
You're dodging the question, Witness. He's not
supposed to be here, is he?
Subject: Re: Ichmail
From: witness]
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
No, he's not.


To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Re: Ichmail
Ifhe can get in, can other monsters get in as well? We
all understand that there's a threat of intrusion, but
doesn't this new list have better safety measures than the
previous one? I mean, isn't that why this one was started?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: mojo20
Subject: security
were comprmised we abandon the site and stat over
agin like bfer
Subject: Re: security
From: witness]
To: hunter list@hunter-net.org
Ithink everyone's beinga bit premature here. Yes, we
had a security hole. It's plugged. Ichmail's not an issue.
As for the larger one, let's put it this way: We have
afew lists out there now. Ifthe rots were paranoid enough.
tofind this place or other sites through sweeps or keyword
tracing or anything else, they would have done it by now.
Itwould have taken a week at most, possibly a few hours.
But apart from Ichmail, they don't seem to be here.
Is this conclusive proof of our safety? No. But my gut
tells me it's all that I need. That's the same feeling I've
had ever since I was contacted. I've learned since this all
started that my gut is the only thing that I can trust.
That's where we stand. If it's not good enough for
folks, I'm sorry.
Subject: Re: security
From: soldier91
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
ll trust your gut, too, for now.

Deatines wirn vHe Deap

To: hunter-list@hunter-net.org
From: bocal?7

Subject: ghosts

We should not be fighting against ourselves. That
does the work of our enemies for us. I must ask has anyone
fought a spirit? What is it like? I want to be prepared.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Ghostbusting

Right. This is where I jump back in and tell you about
afew of the things 've actually seen firsthand, up close and
personal. Read closely, because mishaps will get youkilled.

For those of you who want to know my credentials forall
this, they're simple: P've been a ghost magnet for years, even
before I could really see the damn things. I've been possessed
twice. I kicked one of them out and made him tell me

PYER 2:£

everything he knew. I've studied haunted houses, manifesta-
tions and spirits. I've had ghosts talk to me at all hours since
theRooseveltadministration. AndI'velistenedwhen they've
told me stuff. Especially that bastard I've still got in a bottle.

So, let's talk about spirits—from what I've seen here,
also known as ghosts, specters, haunts, poltergeists, pos-
sessors and all sorts of other good ways of saying "people
who should be quiet because they're dead, but aren't."

That's the key to the whole thing right there,
incidentally. They're people who should be dead. People:
They're ordinary folks just like you or me who happen
to be dead. They want things, don't want other things,
like some things and don't like others, and, well you get
the idea. So don't go thinking they're stupid, mindless,
alien or anything else. They're people who just happen
to have a unique experience under their collective belt.

On the other hand, don't assume a spirit will act exactly
like Aunt Martha did when she was alive, because it won't.
Death changes you. It flenses out a lot of the extraneous
bullshit. Ghosts tend to focus on what's important to them.
They're not distracted by the random day-to-day things that
still catch our eye. If you buy into my theory on what these
thingsare, it only makes sense. Ifthey're ghosts, they're ghosts
forareason. They're not hanging around trying to get a better
job, anicer apartment or laid. They're not attracted to a nice
set of legs across the street or a shiny dime on the sidewalk.
Thatstuff doesn't matter to them anymore. They're dead! All
the oldurgesandall the little things thatused to fill up the long
moments between events aren't there any more. A ghost
who's decided to kill you is going to give everything he's got.
Ifyou're less than equally focused in return, you're goingtodie.

But that's a digression. Let's get back to the main
point: spirits as (dead) people. The fact that they're people
means they think. Maybe the way they think is a little
skewed. Idon'tknow exactly how, tobe honest, but they're
intelligent all the same. That means that when our buddy
storms through the front door, they run out the back. If
they figure out you're dangerous, they treat you the way
you'd treat a monster. Either they avoid you or they try to
get rid of you as fast as possible.

Oh, sure, there are stupid or mindless ones. Then
again, there are stupid or mindless people. The morons
whostick knives in toasters or who smoke at the gaspump
make just as stupid ghosts. Those are the kinds that many
of you have probably encountered — some guy who was
dumber than a bag of doorknobs in the real world, and
who hasn't improved since. But most spirits have at least
two thoughts to rub together, and they act like it. If you
go in expecting a ghost to be dumber than you are, you're
begging for trouble on both knees.

And that, nearas| can tell, takes us right back to where
we started, with Gardener telling us about the haunted
house that wasn't. I'll lay money that I can go in there and
find you some ghosts, and damn smart ones at that.

as

NEMY OF MY ENEMY

From: descent88
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
Subject: ghosts
Idon'tknow. What yousay sounds reason-
able, but doesn't fit all the facts as we know
them. Most of the things I've faced just
keptcomingand coming, nomatter what.
If they were thinking, I couldn't tell.
Subject: repetitious ghosts
From: bookworm55
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
Pveseen things like that, too; ghosts who
just keep on doing the same thing over and
over again. They can'tbe thinking or they'd just
gomad. One theory heard about these is that
they're echoes of events, doomed to be
replayed over and over again for eternity.
While they don't seem to harm anyone
directly, Iwas told that such manifesta-
tions can be responsible for, or at least
connected to, higher-than-usual rates
of accidents and premature deaths.
))' From: howitzer114
To: hunter list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Back to work
p Fascinating, but a bit off topic. So far we've got
4 one massive warning about the way spirits really
think, one bit of evidence refuting it and
rm, one digression into the Ten Plagues.
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun?13
ee" Subject: Re: Back to work
This is all bullshit. I don't care about all
this theory. I want to know where it is, what it
can do to me and how I can kill it. Ghosts
aren't the problem, v_mp_t_sare.
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Proof
If you don't think spirits are a problem,
you're living a bigger lie now than you did before.
/ Possessions are up 57% over the last six months
Fastest growingsupernatural incident in the world,
even more than cattle mutilations. The East Coast
Intelligencer says Vatican exorcism teams can't
keep up with the demand in Europe, letalonecallsfor
help from New York, Boston and Montreal. Poltergeist
incidents in houses are up 32% according
YERy tothestatson Vatcher'sscale, and there
ee FN jhave been over a dozen fatal incidents
ZEN in the last four months alone. Yes, we
Teed to pay attention to ghosts.
Then again, Icould ust be makingall of thisup.


To: hunter.list@hunter-net.crg
From: cabbie22
Subject: Re: Proof

Something about all this still smells fishy. Carpen-
ter, your story doesn't ring true. I don't know why and
Idon't know how, but I think it's damn odd that you're
the only one I've seen here claim to have supernatural
experiences before the imbuing. I'll be watching you.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Re: Proof

It's because I'm special. Now can I havea pony ride?
From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: Proof

God, you're an asshole.

Ican give you an address on that house, Carpenter,
if you think you can do better. Maybe someone else
should go in with you to see about the efficiency of your
methods. That way, if you're on to something, we canall
pick up the technique and we'll have a reliable witness
to attest to its usefulness.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: mojo20
Subject: (no subject)

Imnot going anywhere with him the only carpenter
Itrust has been dead for two thousand years and I dont
think this is him.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Various

Why don't we stick to one thing at a time here,
people? Last things first. No, I'm not Jesus Christ, I
never claimed to be Jesus Christ. I've been accused of
delusions of grandeur before, but even I know my limits.

Next: I don't need to prove to anyone that | know
what I'm talking about. I do know and it's that simple.
If you doubt me, that's your problem. I'm not going to
endanger myself at a publicly announced location just
soyoucan decide, gosh-darn, I really am aswell guy who
just happens to know a thing or two about hunting
ghosts. If you want me to check out that house, post the
address, but I'll do it in my own time and my own way,
without witnesses. | can promise you this, however: The
stories that got you into that place are going to continue
and probably get worse now that you've been there. If I
go, that stuff is going to stop. Keep an eye open. Look for
the switch to flip. You'll see what I'm talking about.

Third: Possessions are a whole other kettle of fish.
Tl get to them by and by, but trying to explain what 1
know about that without finishing up what I've started
here puts the cart before the horse.

[Digression: I know that notall of you buy into what
I'm saying here. Two or three of you no doubt cling fast
to your belief that alien probers are responsible for this
whole crisis. No matter how much proof I offer, that
isn't going to change. The rest of you, however, the ones
who aren't locked into your own little worlds, have a
choice. Frankly, I know this sounds a bit odd, but you
have to believe that I know what I'm talking about and
that I've got the best of reasons for sharing. It's very
simple: I want these bastards dead and gone. I hate them
with a passion the likes of which you can't imagine, and
if I can give you people the knowledge and tools to get
rid of them, then I'm happy. Believe it or not.]

Finally, we come to the big bugaboo that everyone
seems to be worried about, the one thing that people say
disrupts my "theory." The answer is simple. Remember
that little event that makes ghosts into what they are?
It's called "dying," and just like everything else in life
everyone handles it a different way. Some folks come
through it just fine. Some are screwed up by it. And
some go catatonic.

You can't say you haven't seen that sort of thing
before. I'm sure you've all known someone who re-
treated from reality at the slightest setback. What
you're seeing, kids, is what happens to these people after
they die. If they can't handle life, they sure can't handle
the important stuff like death. But who knows? Give
them enough time and maybe some of them will actu-
ally get their act together and turn into full-fledged
spirits. I'd rather not give them that chance, if it's all the
same to you.

So that answers that. Any questions?

From: gardener67
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Bullshit

You talk a good game, Carpenter, but I'm not buying it.
This is my fifth haunt site and I know what I'm doing. I'm
sure cankick the buttof anything that jumps outat me. Just
you wait and see. I'll come back with ghost pelts on my belt.

I'm going back into that house and sniff it out top
to bottom. If there's a spook in there, I'm going to find
it. And I'm going to deal with it. You know what'll
happen then? I'll find you and I'll shove its spook ass
through your mail slot just to prove you wrong.

Plleven make youa deal. If you're rightand whatever is in
that house gets me, I'll come back as a ghost and kiss your butt.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter 169
Subject: Nice Knowing You

They probably won't kill you, but you're going to
feel damn stupid before all this is over.

Probably.


Desens Leer UNDONE

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Back to the point

Before we got so rudely interrupted, Carpenter was
going to tell us more about how ghosts behave and the
like. I want to hear the rest of it.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

arpenter169
Continued

Right. Where was I? That's right. 1 was talking
about ghostly motivations.

Let's start with the basics. When I mean "ghostly,"
I mean ghosts. No rots, no walking dead, just ghosts. As
far as I can tell, the imbued have broken ghosts down
into categories: ghosts, poltergeists and possessors.

Forget all that. That's like saying there are three types
of people: plumbers, accountants and ditch diggers. All of
that crap isn't what they are, it's what they do. You can get
metaphysical and say that a man's work shapes what he
becomes, but the short version is thatall the different types
of ghosts come to work with the same sets of motivations.

That may sound simple. It is. Don't misread and assume
they all work on some sort of master plan. They don't. After
all, I just got through saying that they're people. That's not
tosay theydon'thave some sort of masterplan, though. They
might. But what I'm talking about is the fact that they want
us. They want all of us and what we have to offer them.

By that I don't mean they're after our precious bodies.
What would they do with them, anyway? Ghosts are after
something a lot more insidious. Think about it for a second.
They're hanging around this existence where they can'ttouch
anything, can'tsmell anything and can't even taste anything.
What can they do? They can feel. That's all they do — they
feel. I mean, sure, they can touch one another, but that's not
going to be the most rewarding experience in the world.

Instead, all they do is feel. That's what keeps them
going. That's why they need us. Why? Because human
beings, real live honest to God human beings, feel much
more strongly than they do. And that's what powers ghosts.
When you feel something, they feed off it. But it's still not
even thatsimple. Mostofthem havesomethingspecificthey
feed off, like love or hate or fear. Sure, some can handle a
smorgasbord, but most of them are on fairly strict diets.

Andthat, inanutshell, isthe explanation forpoltergeists.
What do they like to feed on? Fear, mostly. The more afraid
anyone around themis, the stronger they get. So they pull out
all the stops to make whoever's there afraid. The more afraid
the poor slob is, the stronger a poltergeist gets and the more
tricks it can pull. It's a positive feedback loop. And there are
always idiots willing to move into haunted houses, either

because they don't believe or because they want tosee the big
bad ghosts for themselves. That's called "fresh meat."

Possessors tend to want other things besides just fear.
After all, fear is easy. They're after more subtle stuff; things
they can make the bodies they steal feel. That includes the
naughty stufflike lust, which issomething they have ahard
time getting their hands on otherwise. Apart from bad
slasher flicks, most people don't like bumping uglies in
haunted houses. So they climb inside people's skins to
either get them to feel all sorts of itchy things or to inspire
others to feel them. Either way, the possessor feeds.

Normal ghosts aren't so lucky. They can't touch the
living world and make people see things or provoke
reactions. So they're reduced to hanging around and
hoping for opportunities to feed. That's why they hang
around places guaranteed to inspire emotions. It's like a
soup kitchen for the dead. But by and large, they're left to
pick at the table scraps while the poltergeists and possess-
ors get to chow down on whatever they want. That's one
of the reasons the imbued make ghosts so happy. We can
see them. That means we can react to them.

Doctor, you once discussed encountering some
ghosts who taunted you, mocked you and generally
pissed you off. Think about that incident in light of
what I just said. They wanted you to get mad. It wasn't
because they figured that would make you easier to beat,
or it would get you in trouble (well, maybe a little bit of
that). Mainly it was because if you got mad, they could
feed on it. You got angry and they ate it up, then went
off to do whatever the hell else they really wanted to do.

How does that make you feel? Me, I'd be even more
pissed off. But that's exactly what they want. Instead, you
need to be as cold as youcan. Ifyou charge into a fight with
aghost of any sort, leaking anger out your pores, he's going
to feed on it. That's going to make him stronger and
tougher to beat. Ifhe gets tougher, you're going to get more
frustrated. Do you see where this is going? So you need to
be utterly cool when you're up against ghosts. Otherwise,
you're betraying yourself and giving the bad guys help.
Subject: Sensible
From: doctorl19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Seen in that light, the incident I described does make
more sense. Not only would I be serving the entities' ends by
losing control and possibly putting myself in a position to be
incarcerated, but] wouldhave been replenishing their energy,
which no doubt had been diminished by efforts to frame my
erstwhile partner. One can only wonder at the sheer amount
of energy it must have taken to manufacture the evidence.

I'mcertainly not ready to take Carpenter's theory as
established fact, but it does fit the specifics of my case
remarkably well. Does anyone else have any informa-
tion, anecdotal or otherwise, that can further illuminate
this situation?


To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shepherd274
Subject: Re: Sensible

Imay have something thatsheds additional light on the
subject. For the past several weeks, I've been followed
intermittently by a ghost. The spirit doesn't seem to have
made any threatening gestures or hostile inclinations. It's
just followed me everywhere | go. No efforts to communi-
cate with it have been successful, though it occasionally
smiles at some of my efforts. Occasionally it leaves me alone
—like when I go to the bathroom — but it always returns.

At first I found its presence alarming, then nerve-
wracking, but now it's almost routine. I was worried that
perhaps it was providing information on my where-
abouts to other ghosts, but nothing's happened.

I've encountered roughly the same number of enti-
ties after acquiring my tail as before. Several seem to
have dealt with my spectator instead of me, and I
believe her presence has even averted several potential
confrontations. I don't understand her reasons for fol-
lowing me, but she seems harmless.

Now, if she's getting emotional energy from me, I
don'tknow whatitis. I pride myselfon being level-headed.
Subject: Re: Sensible
From: doctorl19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Perhaps it — or "she," as you insist on calling it — is
not feeding from you. Perhaps instead it is feeding from the
emotions you inspire in others, making you a sort of
stalking horse for whatever sustenance it requires.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shepherd274
Subject: Re: Sensible

That's possible. I work with troubled kids, and they
can be pretty excitable. I seem to be able to calm them
down some. Maybe my ghost draws off their emotional
energies. Maybe she's the one calming them down. I
don't know if that's good or bad.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: mojo20
Subject: bad idea

ithink its very strang that youve gone from it 2 she
allofa sudden its like youre thinking of the ghost like its
areel person instead of what it is witch is a ghost
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shepherd274
Subject: Re: bad idea

Acthis point, I'll give her the benefit of the doubt.
She certainly appears female. In fact, she'd be really
good looking — if she were still alive. But she hasn't
done any harm. Why should I be angry?

CHAPTER 2: ENEMY OF MY ENEMY

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Duh

Umm, BECAUSE SHE'S A FUCKING GHOST?!
Because she's a monster? Because she's the thing we
exist to destroy? Is that plain enough for you?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: potter! 16
Subject: Jumping to conclusions

Look, I hate to be the one to say this again, but isn't
it time to re-assess that sort of position? Yes, some of the
things we seen earn the name "monster." Each of us has

faced one or more of these things. We've even lost
friends or loved ones to them.

On the other hand, we've had friendly and helpful
encounters. Doctor, you say that not all of your subjects
have been malicious. Bookworm, how much time did you
spend with your mysterious "Purple," and how much
information did he give you? When we dismiss these
creatures as hostile, we cut offa potentially useful or helpful
source of information. Perhaps we even risk losing allies.

I'd say follow your gut instinct when it comes to
your ghost. If it says to trust her, do it.

From: howitzerl 14
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: It's your funeral

Goahead. Trusta spirit. Just wait. They can, afterall.
They can afford to be patient. You'll get comfortable with
it. You'll trust it. You'll ignore its presence eventually
because, well, it's always been there and it hasn't done
you any harm. That's when it's going to strike. That's
when it's going to hit you. You'll never see it coming.
Subject: He's got a point
From: soldier91
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Ghosts can turn on you. They can do it in the blink
ofan eye. Think about what nearly happened to Freezer,
the poor bastard. Even the ones that seem nice can snap
in an instant. You can't turn your back on them, ever.
Not till we clean this place up.

From BrvonD rHe Grave

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: While we're on the topic...

.+.there's one other thing that I didn't get a chance
to mention.

Yes, they feed on emotions from everyday folks like
you and me. (Well, leaving that definition of "everyday
folks" loose.) But there's another way they can feed.

ro


Ghosts don't become ghosts for no reason. They've
usually got some kind of purpose that drives them after
death. There's something that keeps them going. If
there weren't, they'd just be plain ordinary dead folks
who don't make a ruckus. They have motivations.
Needs, for lack of a better term.

Think about what that entails. First of all, a ghost
who's doing what keeps him going will be stronger than
a ghost who's just dicking around. He's tied into his
purpose and that makes him tough. He feeds on himself.

Great, you say. He's doing what he's got to do and
getting down with his bad self. Fantastic. What does that
have todowith me? Plenty. Itdoesn'tmuch matter ifa ghost
just hangs around, watching over his stamp collection to
keep it safe for all eternity. But how about a ghost who was
a real son of a bitch in life? Think about the guy whose
purpose is to hurt people. He's going to find a way to cut
people, andhe'sgoing to enjoy it. Plus, it'sgoingtomake him
stronger, so the next time it's easier and he feeds more.

Let's take it a step further. You want to talk about
walking dead? 1'll give you one for free here — most of your
walking dead are ghosts in human bodies. They're possess-
ors who've taken up permanent residence. That means
they feed the same way that normal ghosts do, but with a
bonus. Ifyou think it's hard to keep yourself going after you
die, you haven't seen anything yet. Think about how
pissed off you have to be to climb back into a body
permanently. Think about how single-minded that son of
abitch is that he can kick open his own coffin or take over
someone else's body. Better yet, think about what it takes
to get him that focused. This guy is out for blood. He's out
for vengeance. He's got a serious hair up his ass, and he's
going to wipe out anything that gets between him and it.

Even better, since he's on the way to do whatever it
is he's supposed to do, anything he does along the way
‘counts as part of the process. If you get in his way and he
tears your head off, he's doing his job and he gets off on
it. The very act of resistance makes him stronger.

Do you see where this is going?

Take Freezer's encounter. !'ll bet that if you go back
through the Tulsa papers, you'll find an account of a
man who worked at that Endron plant, probably a big
Drillers fan, who died in a tragic work accident. I'll bet
fire was involved. I'll also bet that if you look harder,
you'll find that the man ultimately responsible for the
accident was a guy named Bassett. Maybe he didn't buy
good parts or maybe he didn't do safety inspections. It
doesn't matter. The dead guy held Bassett responsible.

So they bury the dead guy. Time passes. He sticks
around as a ghost with an eye for getting revenge on the
son of a bitch who got him killed. But nothing happens.
Maybe Bassett's good, maybe he's lucky or maybe he's got
friends that protect him from spooks. It doesn't matter.

Bassett is doing fine and our ghost is getting madder and
madder. Eventually he gets mad enough to crawl back
into his body and sit up. He's got one thing on his mind.
He heads off to the plant to find Bassett. Freezer isn't a
direct threat, so the walker doesn't waste energy to deal
with him. Instead, he gives a warning and heads in.
The guards, who are probably just doing their jobs, get
in the way. He deals with the guards. He finds Bassett, whose
protections don't seem to be so effective against brute force.
Bassett gets chucked out a window. Unfortunately, Bassett
doesn't croak immediately, and more guards show up,
probably more than the walker thinks it can handle. It
decides to cut out. The guards follow, shooting. Itsnaps, and
sinceit'sstill technically doing its thing, itgetsthe extra juice
you'd expect. The guards die. The truck is there and it's a
convenient escape. Freezer gets his ass handed to him.
Eventually, Bassett dies, the walker's job is done and that's
that. Final score? One dead Bassett, one dead truck, lots of
dead rentacops and Freezer in the hospital. That's not even
counting all of the incidental damage to Tulsa that we don't
know about. If Freezer tried to fight back, he'd be dead, too.
That's it ina nutshell. Just another ghost taking care
of business, right? Think long and hard about whether
you want to get in the way of that. That's why you want
to hit ghosts, walkers and everything else hard when
they're not looking, because if they're doing what they

feel they have to do, you're in for the fight of your life.
Subject: News
From: witness1

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I got this off philadelphia.com this morning. While
I can't be certain (Gardener logged in through an
anonymous account), the details seem to jibe.

PHILADELPHIA — The body of a 32-year-old
Rockledge man was found today in a vacant house on
the 3200 block of Alburger Avenue. The man, identi-
fied by police as Aidan Loviglio, a teacher at Jenkintown
High School, was discovered by a neighbor who heard
"banging noises" inside the house. Loviglio's body was
face down on the second floor at the head of the stairs.

Police described the crime scene as "grisly" and "hor-
rific." Traces of blood could be found on the walls of several
rooms on the second floor, though there were no signs of
astruggle and no murder weapon was found. "Weare going
to investigate this situation to the best of our abilities," said
police spokeswoman Marjorie Campion, "and the Phila-
delphia police department will spare no effort to uncover
the killer." Police also noted that there were signs of forced
entry to the home. Whether Loviglio or his assailant was
responsible has not yet been determined.

In Jenkintown, students, teachers and parents organized
acandlelight vigil to honor Loviglio's memory. The popular
teacher taught 10th-grade history and was assistant coach of
the girl's field hockey team. "We'll miss him terribly," said


CHAPTER 2: ENEMY OF MY ENEMY

senior forward Monica Hirsch. "He wasa great coach and agreat
teacher. It's just horrible that something like this happened to
him. All we can do is go out and play like he wanted

y wt. Hopefully we can make him proud."
The house at 3204 Alburger has long
been the subject of ghost stories, though
f there is no record of violence of any sort

Wh over occurring there until now. Police
speculate that Loviglio, who had written
several magazine articles about local leg-

ends and ghost stories, may have entered

the house to research another article. The
house is currently unoccupied.

There's an obituary as well, but I don't
think I need to post that. Take a moment of
silence, people.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: coach41

Subject: Following the Story

I've been keeping up with local accounts of
Gardener'sdeath. Apparently the cause washeart
failure. There wasn'tascratch on him. He was32,

in good shape and came from a family with no
known history of cardiovascular illness.

It looks to me like the spooks did get
him. Is anyone up fora road trip to Philadel-
phia to get the monsters that did this?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Timing

Notachance. The media is going to be all
over this one for a while. Mysterious death,
ghost stories, the works. Camera crews from
local news stations probably won'thangaround
past the end of the week, but then the fun starts.

You get your documentary film student types

who want to record the historic site, guys from

cable channels running "Unexplained Murders

Month," tourists, self-proclaimed psychics—all

sorts of human crud. They'll be there for weeks

until there's another murder by a monster some-

where else that doesn't get covered up. Then

they'll all flock to Duluth or wherever and leave

the place open. I expect the property owner will

board the house up and sit tight for a while. It's pretty
much unsellable until the media circus dies down.

All this means it's impossible to get in there quietly

or without being watched or arrested for trespassing.

If the cops feel really nasty, they'll book you for

interfering with a crime scene and obstruction of

justice, which can add up to a lot of time.

So the best thing to do is to wait, study

and remember.


Subject: Any chance this is premature?
From: healer! 15
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Do we really know it was Gardener? Could we be
wrong? I mean, I don't want to wish anyone else dead, but
are we so certain it's one of us?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Sorry

Gardener mailed me the address privately before he
went off and got himself killed. Apparently he was serious
about wanting me to double-check his work. On the other
hand, no ghosts have shown up on my doorstep claiming
to be Gardener, so it's entirely possible that Loviglio was
just a possession victim and Gardener is actually the killer.

Iv's unlikely, of course, but it's the only other
possibility I can think of.

From: descent88
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: You Knew?

Youknew where he was going ahead of time? You were
the only one who knew? It could have been you who did
ittocoverup the fact that he wasright and you were wrong!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Elementary

Ah, brilliant deduction. To win an argument with a
bunch of people I've never met, I drop everything from my
incredibly busy schedule, hop a flight to Philadelphia,
ambush Gardener (who from the newspaper pictures looks
like he could have been a football player), splash blood all
over the place and scare him to death. Then I fly home and
chat with the rest of you like nothing's happened.

Wait, here's a better idea: I just dialed up some of my
ghostly friends and told them when and where Gar-
dener was going to be. Then the ghosts took care of
everything forme and I stayed home with a perfect alibi.
It's ingenious, don't you think, to use things that aren't
really there to murder someone? I mean, there's no way,
no way at all that stands up in court.

Grow up and grab a clue with both hands. I hate to
speak ill of the dead, but he was asking for it. Do a little
scrollback. Read his posts. He charged in there with his fly
unzipped and his hands in the air, and he ran into a buzz
saw. The spooks probably checked him out the first time he
called and were ready for his second trip. I tried telling him,
but he was all set to be the lone hero and it got him killed.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Whose side are you on?

I don't know quite how to put this, but Carpenter,
you sound like you're rooting for the other side.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Re: Whose side are you on?

I really don't believe this. Hello! I'm not rooting for
the ghosts here. I'm pointing out that Gardener was stupid.
His death could have been prevented witha little thinking
and planning. But that wasn't his style. In this sort of
business, going off half-cocked makes you fully fucked.

Stop trying to bust my chops. I'm pragmatic. Gar-
dener is dead. I'll even go so far as to predict that anyone
who uses him as a role model will wind up the same way.
If that's your thing, go for it. It'll clear up bandwidth. On
the other hand, my offer to share what I knowstill stands.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Oh please enlighten us

Share your wisdom with us, oh great and wise one.
You can even call me "Grasshopper" while you're at it.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Heh

You sound like you're a prime candidate to pick up
where Gardener left off.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: potter116
Subject: Enough

Let's stop the bickering. Carpenter, if you have
something to say, say it. Everyone else, stop baiting him
at least long enough to see what we've got here.

Deap Men Vett T ates

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter 169
Subject: Everything you know...

..-about haunted housesand haunting sites is wrong.

First ofall, stop thinking like a living person about them.

I know everything you know about haunted houses.
They're big, they're lonely, they generally sit way outside of
town, and in 1884 old Major Rosencrantz went nuts and
bludgeoned his daughter-in-law to death in the drawing
room. Does that sound familiar? Of course it does, but that's
the cliché. In monster movies, clichés always hold true.

‘We're not in a monster movie.

If youwerea ghost doomed to spend eternity wander-
ing one particular place (and we'll get to that assumption
one of these days), what would you look for in a home?
Would you want lots of space? How about minimal
pedestrian traffic? mean, think about it —even the most
notorious ghosts are damned shy about showing up,
especially when there are cameras around. Even the nasty
‘ones don't seem to want to be on-stage all the time.


So far, we're two for two on criteria, right? Those
haunted mansions out in the country offer everything a
ghost could want. There'sno regular company and plenty of
room to move around. Of course, you do get the occasional
looter or kids looking for a place to do it, but let's face it:
They're fun to fuck with. If I'ma ghostand some horny punk
comes along, I'm going to enjoy making him pee his pants.

Now think about the other big ingredient in a
"standard" haunting site: a murder or some such. Why
would a ghost hang around where he got murdered?
Because he has a particular fondness for the place where
he bled to death in agony? I don't think so. No, he's there
because it means something to him. It's important. If
dying wasn't the most important thing he did in his life,
itwas in the top two. The fact that the place is important
to him and has a strong emotional attachment means
that it's a powerful place for him. He's tied to it.

Now, does that mean that the only haunted murder
sites are secluded? Of course not. They're all over cities.
Open your eyes and look and you'll see them. Besides, a hell
ofa lot more people get capped in Cabrini Green than in
Pennsylvania Amish country. Naturally, there should be
more ghosts in cities, particularly in parts of cities with high
murderrates. But we don't see them, do we? Youknow why?
Because those ghosts aren't there. They have to hide them-
selves better in the city. Out in the country there's nothing
to do but wait for the latest intruder, so those ghosts get
cocky, bored and noisy. They show off. City ghosts don't
have that luxury. They keep a low profile. That's why you
don't hear as much about hauntings in town.

"But wait," I hear you say. "Carpenter, I've heard
stories about haunted houses where no one was mur-
dered, but someone died ofa lingering illness. And then
there are all those stories about ghosts haunting grave-
yards. No one ever gets murdered in a graveyard." To
which I say, "Ah, you're paying attention."

Remember why I said ghosts hangaround where they
were murdered? Because those placesmatter to the ghosts.
They matter a lot. Ifyouhacked your lungs out in an attic
bed over three painful years, you'd have a strong emo-
tional tie to that attic. If you were buried in a plot that
your family came to visit every week for ten years, that
place would matter to you. I'd suspect it even happens
with good feelings, too — houses where people lived
happily for forty years — but I'm generally a negative
person, so I wouldn't know about that sort of thing.

What does matter, and what I do know about, is
that the basic premise holds. A ghost is almost certain
tohaunta place that had some heavy-duty significance
tohim in life or in death, though probably in life. Mind
you, he may not even have a choice in the matter. If the
connection's that strong, he keeps on coming back to
the haunted spot because he can't help himself. There's
no other place that feels as good or as powerful to him.

If he's smart, he doesn't fight it. If he's lucky, he's got a
couple of haunts. But not all spooks are smart or lucky.
So let's sum up. A haunt is a place that meant a lot to
aghost, andnowhe'spinned to itsomehow. Ifitwasaplace
where a lot of people kicked off or felt strongly, like an old
hospital, then you get a lot of spooks tied to the place.
Ofcourse, the flip side of all this is that ifa ghost feels
that strongly about a place, he resents intrusions —a lot.
If he can't do anything about an intruder, he's going to
duck and cover. Ifhe can do something about it, watch out.
That's where you get your classic hauntings, manifesta-
tions and the like. They're all malicious attempts to get us
out of what is now the property of the dead. I can't say I
blame them. Do you want strangers stomping on the
furniture in your bedroom? The dead don't, either. So that,
combined with the need to feed, is where it all comes from.

Irsnotjustplaces, though. Itcan be people or things, too.
Anything that you can imagine that means a lot to someone
can continue to meanalotafterhe kicks off. A weddingband?
Sure, especially if the ghost cheated on his wife and felt guilty
about it for thirty years. A stuffed animal? If the ghost kept it
with her long enough, though not many kids seem to make it
as ghosts very long. Really, it can be anything at all — or
anyone. Ifaguy lovedagirlall his lifeandnever worked up the
balls to tell her so, she may be what keeps his sorry ass around.

Then again, if a woman betrayed you and you died
hating her, well, that may be enough to keep you around,
too. It's variable. In the end, itall comes down to depth and
strength of feeling. If someone dies with a really strong
feeling, a hate with a capital H or a love with a capital L,
he's got the makings ofa ghost. The feeling can be attached
toanyone or anything, but it needs an attachment, at least
at first. Once the ghost is strong enough to detach from the
stuff that originally held him, all bets are off.

All this means ghosts have a weakness. If a ghost hangs
around because he loves or hates or misses his teddy bear,
what do you think will get rid of him? Set the goddamned
bearon fire! When it's gone, the ghost is gone, too. Ifa spirit
is tied to more than one thing, you get to go ona scavenger
hunt. The ghost himself may lead you to them. Whack one
and he retreats to the next to protect it. Destroy that and it's
lather, rinse and repeat until he's gone. The best thing about
thisisthat yougenerallydon'thave to goupagainst the ghost
himself, just the things that matter to him. All of you who
want to tangle with poltergeists can line up on the left. 'd
rather find his old fountain pen and toss it in an incinerator.

Youcan also take it to the next step. A ghost who isn't
tied into a rock ora tree ora picture or whatever is probably
tied toa house. Houses burn. Ifsomeone had taken a match
to Gardener's house years ago, he'd be alive today. Yeah, it's
arson, but then again, how many people here are already on
therunfrom cops? What'salittlekeroseneon the frontstoop
between friends? You can call the fire department to keep
the blaze from spreading, if you're that concemed.


Even better, it hurts the bastards to watch a place
burn. They know they're losing their ties to this world
and they can't do a damned thing about it. A rain of
frogs doesn't put out a blazing frame house.

Sohere's your chance fora little payback as well asa good
deed. Balance one lousy stinking house that probably hasn't
been lived in for years against the community benefit of
getting rid ofthe damn things. Itdoesn'thurt thatit's fun, too.

That leads us to the ultimate question: What to do
if one of these things latches onto a person. That's
tough, there's only one answer in the end.

I won't spell it out for you. Just consider numbers.

Something to bear in mind is that this sort of thing isn't
unique to invisible ghosts. Walkers and hidden have the
same weaknesses, though in different forms. Walkers tend to
carry whatever's most important to them around with them.
It's never bigger than a breadbox, and sometimes it's alive.
(Aneasy way tocheckisto look tosee ifthere'sacrazy animal
around. No sane dog is going to stay within a city block of a
walker, but a crazy one might actually be its ticket to ride.)
Ifyou can spot that, it's your lucky day, because it's a hell of
a lot easier to take that item or schnawzer or whatever out
than it is to take care of a walker.

I have no doubts that the one Freezer met could
have tipped over his truck if it really wanted to, and I'm
just as sure that if he'd set fire to its hat, it would have
fallen over. (The hat'sstill worth hanging onto, though.
There's power in it now.)

If you deal with a walker's focus, for lack of a better
word, it's history. It goes back to the other side and the
body collapses, which means you get to explain to police
why you're standing over a three-month-dead body and
holding the remains of a pocketwatch. On the other
hand, it's better than the cops standing over what's left
of your corpse once the walker's through with you.

(Walkers are some of the scariest things on the
planet. They're stronger than people. They're faster than
people. They're tougher than people. Knock them down
and they get back up. Shoot them and they keep coming.
They can do anything a poltergeist can do, and they're
mean about it. Their only saving grace is that sometimes
they hate rots more than they hate people, and then it's
a pleasure watching them tear into the bad guys.)

Hidden are a little trickier. They don't necessarily
carry around their hearts on their sleeves, though a lot of
them can simply be thought of as better-preserved walk-
ers. Sometimes with them you have to go hunting to find
‘out what to whack. That can be hard, because the spirit
that's in a hidden may not be the one that goes with the
body. Walkers seem to go back to their own dead bodies,
but hidden get stuck with the luck of the draw.

God must have a sense of humor, because normally
the match is at least vaguely appropriate, but every so
often you get the spirit of some biker stuck in the body of

alittle girl. The power flows into the hidden regardless of
the shape it's got, which means the little girl fights like,
well, an undead Hell's Angel who's too pissed off to stay
dead. It's sobering and it's scary. No matter how hard you
try, you're still going to see a little girl, even when the
monster inside tries to splatter your brains.

On the other hand, what we call shamblers aren't even
worth the effort. Most of them are those dumb ghosts we
talked about before. They don't comprehend enough to
know they're tied to stuff, and it's not really worth the effort.
What's dangerous about these guys is that they can soak up
and dish out a lot of hurting, and they don't ever stop.
They're too dumb to know they're hurt. Plus, they move in
packs, which means the time you take to deal with one lets
the four others get you. Deal with these guys from a distance
if youcan. The other danger with shamblers is that every so
often, they're created by other types of monsters to do their
dirty work. Rots in particular love making shamblers. So if
youfeel lucky, follow a pack of these things. They might lead
you to someone more... interesting.

To wrap everything up in a neat little package:
ghosts, walkers and hidden are all vulnerable. There are
things and places that can be used to hurt them without
ever risking direct confrontation. I suggest you use them.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: potter! 16
Subject: Drastic measures

Ican'tagree with what yousay, Carpenter. There have to
be lesspermanentwaysofevictingan unwanted resident. After
all, you said you were possessed, and yet here you are. For my
own part, I've been able to use several different methods to
forceapossessingspirit to leave, eitherby suggestion orforcibly
when absolutely necessary. Youcan draw the ghostout, coerce
himorjustyankhim by the scruffof theneck in extreme cases.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Re: Drastic measures

Yeah, yeah. Don't throw my own words back at me,
dammit.

Subject: The hat
From: healer! 15
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

So that hat Freezer took could have some sort of
supernatural influence still on it? Has anyone heard
from Freezer in the past few days? Carpenter, what if he
puts it on? What would it do to him?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Re: The hat

I'm not sure. It might act as a magnet for ghosts or it
might get him possessed by the one that used to own it.

Hey, I warned him. Don't blame me.


REVELATION

Subject: Carpenter
From: witness]
To: hunter.liste@hunter-net.org

Ladies and gentlemen, we have a problem and it's
logging on to the list on a regular basis.

Youmay not believe this, but I've gota little story to tell
about Carpenter, and it comes from an excellent source.

The other night, I was going out for groceries when
Igot that hairs-on-the-back-of-the-neck sensation that
says, "You're being followed." By now, all of us know not
todisregard that feeling, but to pay it careful heed. Ikept
walking and saw something very disturbing.

There was a ghost walking very deliberately behind
me. It was a little boy. He was a horrific figure, eyes
bulging in fear, mouth locked in a scream, hands cov-
ered in blood up to the wrist. I turned, ready to deal with
it, when I realized that I'd seen him before.

The figure was a boy I'd known as a child. I hadn't
known him well. No one in our class did. He was quiet and
small, didn't do particularly well, and he often had bruises or
black eyes. In those days, however, you didn't comment on
that sort of thing. One day, he just stopped coming to class.
No one really wondered what happened to him. I guess Pd
just learned, because here he was, waving frantically to me.

I tried to remember his name and raised my hands to
show that meantno harm. To my surprise, it tried to speak!
No words were audible, and it vanished in frustration.

I went straight home and looked up what I could.
Hisname turned out to be Samuel Fox. As had guessed,
he'd been murdered and his father vanished. It barely
made the newspapers back in the day. The father was
never found and the police wrote it off. Apparently
Samuel hadn't written it off, or so it seemed.

Samuel's image appeared to me several times over the
next week-and-a-half. Each time he seemed to be trying to
say something, but he lacked the strength to get out more
than asyllable or two. Finally, I got a great idea. I motioned
for the ghost to follow me, walked into a local Internet cafe
([certainly wasn't going to bring him into my house), and
sat down at a computer. "You show me which key to hit and
Ilhitit," [said to the empty air. The clerk looked atme with
derision, but I didn't care. The ghost nodded excitedly.

Half an hour later, this is what we had:

carpenterisoneofthedeadheisknownherefearedhereheisevil!!!

Or, in other words, "Carpenter is one of the dead.
He is known here, feared here. He is evil!!!"

With that, Samuel got a terrified look on his face
and vanished. I have no idea what happened to him.
That left me with a frightening dilemma.

On one hand, I've been left with the feeling that this
site is supposed to be safe. We're supposed to be free of the

ravages of our enemies here. On the other, Ichmail dis-
proves that rather handily. On one hand, Carpenter could
be giving us very useful information. On the other, we have
the word of a ghost that he's not what he seems. Then
again, it could be that the information Carpenter gives us
issodamning that the other side needs to discredithim and
sends the spirits of children to do it. It's an intriguing
puzzle, once you get past the fear that it inspires.

My gut tells me something, though. All those little
inconsistencies in Carpenter's story add up to trouble.
It tells me we've been had.

Carpenter, what do you have to say for yourself?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: More Information

Witness, I think you're right. I think this son of a
bitch has been playing us for suckers.

Iwas doing research at the public library and stumbled
across something. If you look hard enough in old Chicago
newspapers, you find stories abouta small-time legbreaker
and bagman named Dennis "The Carpenter" Maxwell.
He was famous for nailing people's hands to tables to get
them to talk. That's what got him his name. If you dig a
little further you find more stories about him in books on
the Chicago mob. They say he got sold out by his
girlfriend, the daughter of the capo he was working for,
and that he was gunned down right in front of her. Mind
you, Maxwell wasn't important enough to make the front
page. He got two columns on page three, and an obituary.
The papers were full of that sort of thing in 1934.

There'sotherstuffin those old files, too, like Maxwell's
testimony in a few assault cases. It's funny, Carpenter.
Those transcripts read like what you've been typing here.

I think you're a dead man. I think they put a bullet
in your chest 50 years ago and you've been hanging
around ever since to make a fool of us.

You've been dropping clues all along. You've been
dropping clues because you thought you were so smart, and
now'vegotyou. I'm going tofind youand|'m going to take
you down. Laugh while you can. Laugh over getting
Gardener killed. You're not going to be laughing long.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter!69
Subject: Unmasked

I'm impressed, both of you. You got me. Witness,
I'm surprised your little friend was actually able to
communicate, though I'm gratified that I still have a
reputation over there. | wouldn't worry too much about
him. He's made some very powerful enemies. They're
angry with him and they're going to come for him. Say
your goodbyes now, because he's not going to last.

But we're not here to talk about one more pathetic
little ghost who's made his own bed. We're talking
about something much more interesting: me.

a =


, Ri We i ms

olkas wg
ITE
a a
vm gil

my

Hi

ra "if

1 mm
MMA la i mn NM

Am dead, Cabbie? Yes. Did that cold-hearted bitch
get me killed in 1934? Yes. Have I been lying to you all
along? Yes and no. If I'd come on here and told you that
Iwasa ghost, and not particularly well-liked one, would
you have listened to me? Of course not. You would have
tripped over yourselves lining up to try to nail me. I don't
think you'd do very well, but I know you'd try. I'm very
impressed by all of the miracles you've been granted, but
none of you has proved you can soak up a slug the way I
can, and I was a very good shot even before I died.

I'll tell you what the deal is, though. I have something
you want. You have something | want. We can work
together. Who's willing to make adeal with the devil? [can
show you every weakness the restless dead have. I can tell
you every trick they know and every trap they fall into. I
can tell you how to destroy them, once and for all.

Youwantthat,don'tyou?Cabbie, you'd be much happier
not to look in your back seat and see that old man with the
worms in hiseyes, wouldn't you? Doctor, they got your partner
killed. They're a blight on the face of the world and they
shouldn't be allowed to go on any longer. That's why I was
brought here. I'm here to show you how to wipe them out.

Why? It's simple. It has to do with that murderous
witch who got me killed. Her family's got connections.
They've got connections to people who know people

vn 1 TA

MI
i
UF fi

on

rant

"

i

who know bloodsuckers. Those bastards know ghosts
and make zombies. And I want to hurt them, and hurt
them bad. You want to know what I've been feeding on
for over 50 years? Hate, pure and simple hate. You try
that for fire in your belly. I promise you'll feel the burn.

The rest of you, I couldn't care less about. I'm not
here to break your glasses or put spiders in your beds. I'm
a professional. I'm here to doa job. You can help me get
what I want and you can benefit from it. You can ply the
lessons I'm willing to teach long after I'm gone.

Or not.

Think about it. The offer's only open until she dies.
After that, you're no good to me.
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: You son of a bitch

Carpenter, so help me God, you're dead. I will find
you and put you down like a dog. Count the hours, you
bastard, because that's all you've got left.
Subject: Enough
From: witness]
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The next person, no matter who they might be, who
utters a threat here is gone. Banished. Exiled. I don't


care who you are or how justified you think you are. I
will not stand for that sort of thing. Period.

Carpenter, you've lied to us. You've misrepresented
yourself and, for all that I know, presented information
that has the potential to get people killed. By all rights,
Ishould do exactly what half the people here want todo.
But that's not me. At least, not yet.

I'm giving you one chance and one chance only. If
you screw it up, not only are you gone, but you're going
to jump to the head of the list of every person here.
Sooner or later, one of us will get you.

Start talking. Lay out the truth, the whole truth and
nothing but the truth, so help you God. Or God will be
the only one who can help you.

Do we have an understanding?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter 169
Subject: Bravado

Okay, let's make a deal.

First of all, understand that I am not afraid of you,
Witness. No one on this glorified debate club scares me,
though a few of you make me laugh. So don't get the idea
that I'm knuckling under or giving in. Ifyoucame after me,
T'dkill more of you than you have numbers to assign. What
Ido, I do for my own purposes. You know what some of
them are. Some of you know more than that by now (and
Til let the rest of you ponder what the hell that means).

Iwill level with you, though. Why? Because I want
to and because | think it will get me what I want. Less
competition, for one thing.

So here itis, the straight scoop, the news flash all you
cut-rate snoops have been waiting for. Read it and weep.

In the beginning, there were the lands of the living
and the lands of the dead, and never the twain did meet.
Well, at least not very often. Ghosts lived in the
underworld and occasionally messed with you breath-
ing types. The very rare idiot wandered into the lands of
the dead and occasionally got back out, but that was it.

Inthe landsofthe dead youhad, bigsurprise, dead people.
Ghosts. Some ofthem were nice, some ofthem weren't. Some
of them tried to hang on to what they knew, and some tried
totearitall down. Some built cities and pretended they were
stillalive.Some even managed toclimb back into their bodies
fora little while and became what you call walkers. They've
been doing that for thousands of years, though. Check your
legends. You'll find them.

(Icould tell you more, but you wouldn't believe me.
Your minds aren't built for it.)

So that was the status quo fora very, very long time.
The living didn't bother the dead too much, except
when you tore down old buildings or threw out trash
thatjusthappened to be a ghost's lifeline to reality. And

CHAPTER 2: ENEMY OF MY ENEMY

the living didn't mind the dead except when walls bled
and spiders came out of Grandma's mouth.

Unfortunately, nothing good — or even mediocre —
lasts forever. Something happened. Something bad. What
exactly that bad thing was, I'm not sure. I've talked to a
handful of sources and they tell me different things. Some
say it was a war among the dead involving weapons that
simply shouldn't have existed. Some say rots caused it by
trying to feed on victims a second time and walking into
the lands of the dead. Some say it wasa living scientist who
tried something he shouldn't have. And some say that one
of the "walkers" — the story I heard was that it was the very
first, still seeking her true love after four thousand years —
managed to cross between worlds at exactly the wrong
time and tore the whole damned thing wide open.

That's when everything went, quite literally, to hell. A
storm blew up strong enough to topple everything. It tore
through the place and ripped ghosts to nothingness in sec-
onds. Worst of all: The wall between the living and dead fell.

Like I said, I don't know why ithappened. It doesn't
matter. The damage had been done and the world
would never be the same again. With the winds of that
storm behind them, hundreds, thousands, God knows
how many ghosts were blown into this world. Suddenly
the dead are back! How's it going?

So, that's where your infestation of the walking
dead comes from. That's what's behind all of this. The
dead have come back to pay the livinga visit, and maybe
take care of some unfinished business. Eruptions like
that little shindig in Canada are just ripple effects from
the initial disaster. But in the meantime, you have a
metric fuckload of ghosts in houses, bodies, cars, pic-
tures, dogs and cats — and they're waiting for you.

That's right. They're waiting for you.

Check the date, kids. Your change was recent, wasn't
it? For all of you? Maybe I don't know exactly what
happened, but five will get you ten it was on or right after
the very day that the lands of the dead went to hell.

Think about that! You're the fucking janitor — or
more appropriately his mop, bucket and broom! Your
lives are forfeit to clean up the goddam mess!

So why am I telling you this? I want to make the
fighta little more even. Why? Because I hate youall, but
[hate that Sforza bitch more, and this amuses me while
I wait to lay my hands on her. So go ahead, destroy
yourselves for my amusement.

Inthe meantime, | leave you to your own devices to
think it all over. Witness, at this point I don't think you
could keep me off here if you tried. I have business to
transact. But]'ll do you the courtesy of stepping away for
awhile, just to give you breathing room.

Of course, I can't make any of you believe all this.
Shit, maybe I made it up just to get my way....



ER3:STRANGERINA DEAD LAND

Wisdom is before him that hath understanding; but the
eyes of a fool are in the ends of the earth.

— Proverbs 17:24

Foot's ERRAND

Subject: Hell on Earth
From: shaka74
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I made a mistake in coming here. I knew it as soon
as1 stepped off the plane and saw a herd of goats grazing
outside the airfield. Haiti has lots of goats. Unfortu-
nately, goats are just aboutall this place has in abundance.
Goats and misery.

Recent events in and around my own base of opera-
tions, plus centuries of tradition, pointed here as a
possible ground zero for the plague of "walkers" we face.
Given the attitudes some of you hold, it made sense to
me that someone sympathetic to the plight of black
people should come here to investigate. Suddenly,
though, I find myself in a place that demands more
sympathy than I believe I possess. Maybe more than is
humanly possible.

Once I decided to make the trip, | learned what I
could about the place and got a French-English dictio-
nary. | knew that Haiti is the western hemisphere's
poorest nation, but the gap between having that fact in

your head and having the reality all around you is huge.
Blacks in the U.S. used to talk about economic oppres-
sion forcing them to behave "like crabs in a barrel":
everyone clawing at everyone else to get to the top. In
Haiti, everyone's struggling to get to the top of a dung
heap. The children here all look like they've missed
some meals, and the adults look ready to do anything to
feed their kids.

The lucky people here have something to sell. In
Port-au-Prince, if that something is a vehicle, they offer
"taxi" rides from the airport into town. People were
nearly fighting for my business. To draw as little attention
as possible, I rode in the back of ramshackle truck with
nearly a dozen other folks and their luggage. I let them
drive me past my hotel, got out at the next one and
trudged back with my duffel bag. As soon as I got off the
truck, people were trying to sell me stuff. Cloth. Uniden-
tifiable vegetables. Goat meat. Timealone. I kept walking.

Ihad intentionally chosen a dump to stay in, mostly
to maintain a low profile and avoid other Americans. |
chose too well. This place is borderline-uninhabitable,
but it does have second-story access through my win-
dow to other buildings, in case I need to leave by some


HUNTER: THE WALKING DERD

route other than the "lobby." Another thing that worked
better than expected was arriving close to nightfall.
Night here is damn dark. Most of the streetlights don't
work even when there is electricity, which goes out
several times a night. I thought the power was back on
when flickering lights from outside woke me. It was
actually flames from the heaps of trash that line the
streets. I wonder whether they caught fire spontane-
ously or somebody lit them.

I lay on my camping cot and watched patterns of
orange shift against the grimy ceiling tiles. The last
thing that went through my mind before I fell asleep
was, if it's true that monsters subsist on human misery, this
place must be their paradise.

Qo Max Our

Subject: By the way, I'm alive
From: shaka74
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Ijust saw the follow-up roll call message and me listed
as MIA. Sorry to worry anybody. I was traveling a lot
before I got to Haiti. Let me tell you, it's not like what I
expected here, but I'm not sure it's what | feared in my last
message. To be honest, I'm still not sure what's going on.
All of you have played "Find the Critter," right?
Activated your sight in the middle of a crowd and

scanned people on the street for signs of anything...
unusual? Well, I did it today in the middle of a market.
Thad trouble finding anyone normal.

Okay, maybe that's an exaggeration, but I just froze
as the foot traffic moved around me. It seemed as ifevery
other person was surrounded by a purple or lavender
glow, and that the ones who weren't had spirit passen-
gers. The primary exceptions were the non-natives: A
couple of uniformed U.N. monitors, some tourists, and
that was about it. When somebody bumped into me, my
heart skipped a beat. | left there fast, but things were no
different outside the market. | started to calm down
when none of the people I stared at responded to my
attention. But I knew J needed to go somewhere to
think. I wound up in the cafe at the Holiday Inn. My
hand was trembling even before I picked up my espresso.

I'd used the sight on my waiter, on the hotel clerks
and on the bellhop as I came in, all of which left me
feeling cross-eyed on top of having the shakes. They all
looked normal and it made me wonder why. They all
seemed native and sounded native, though I guess they
could all be from elsewhere in the Caribbean. What
was the deal here? What was the connection — or the
lack of one? Why were the streets full of folks touched
by the invisible? And people indoors free of such
influence? Would I be safe from possession inside but
not on the street? Could it be that simple? I learned it

wasn't soon enough, when I saw a white man enter the
hotel and a spirit exit him immediately. The man
stood there for a second, looked around, then asked a
bellhop what hotel this was.

I decided to go on the offensive, threw down too
much money and stood up to follow the thing, which
looked like it might once have been a young Haitian
woman. It — or she — disappeared through a wall, so I
went searching for a door that might get me where she'd
gone. The only candidate was one that led to the hotel
offices, and they appeared to be occupied. I hung around
the hallway until an employee asked if was lost. In bad
French, I asked where the men's room was and the guy
led me back to the cafe.

Once I got back, I realized how wrung-out I felt. I
had steeled myself against possession as I set off after the
ghost-woman and kept up my resolve while I waited for
her to show again. At that point, though, I don't think
I could've fought off a kitten. At least the waiter was
glad to see me again, so | settled down for food and
another coffee. This time, I sat with a slightly better
view of the lobby. Several hours, too many espressos and
one garden salad later, the dead woman reappeared. She
waited in the lobby, the way somebody might wait for a
cab, until she climbed aboard a hotel employee who was
leaving work. The woman's uniform made her easy to
follow outside, which was a good thing: I didn't feel
ready to muster up the sight.

1 took the chance that the dead woman would
stick with the live one until they got wherever they
were going. Of course, the bigger chance I was taking
was picking up a passenger of my own and never
knowing it. I clenched my teeth and tried to look like
a bad ride. Maybe I was right and the dead only
"changed partners" indoors.

The woman's first destination turned out to be a
crowded street corner, which I realized soon enough was
abus stop. I was relieved to be able to observe her at rest.
After waiting there fora while, I tried the sight and once
again found myself in a sea of black people, a few with
purple auras and many more with see-through black
people riding them. This time, I watched calmly while
we waited. It was still unnerving to be surrounded this
way, but the dead weren't doing anything. I figured I
wouldn't either, for the time being. Plus, they had that
whole outnumbering thing going.

About the time the bus (I use the term gener-
ously) showed up, I had begun to pick out some
patterns. Many of the living people who got on had
tiders of their own. Unlike the hotel worker, most
folks were dressed in old-looking, heavily worn
clothes. To the extent I could tell, all of the spirits
were attired that way, too. Some of the dead even


wore what looked like sack cloth, the kind of stuff
slaves might have worn.

The hotel worker took a seat just behind the driver.
Icould see her from my standing position in the middle
of the bus, which was full. I wanted to be closer to her
without being too close. As people got off, | inched my
way forward. The route took us through some incredibly
congested areas (a lot of the cats on Port-au-Prince
streets look abandoned). Things cleared up as our
surroundings became more rural.

We stopped for a man who ran waving to catch
up, out in the middle of nowhere. By then I was nearly
opposite the woman. This is what I saw: She was
seated face forward — it was a very old bus, not like
American ones where the front seats face each other
across the aisle. The dead woman was leaning for-
ward, almost detached from the hotel worker, and
was touching the driver on one shoulder. I probably
should have been alarmed, but I wasn't. I just felt
really sad, and I'm still not sure why. I concentrated
and | had this flash of the woman, not dead but alive,
and the driver I think, not asa man butas a child. She
made the same gesture toward him as he got on a
different bus, in an earlier time.

That's when the driver slammed on the brakes.
The mass of people on board surged forward, but
none of us fell. | thought the dead woman might be
to blame for stopping us till I saw the truck blocking
the road ahead. A pissed-off looking white soldier
armed with a rifle got out of it, stormed over to the
bus and banged on the door.

Everybody on board — even the ghosts —watched
him step in. I was afraid, not of this guy but for him. He
had blood on his face and neck. Not his, I think, because
it was splattered. It didn't flow the way a head wound
would. He said, "There's a sniper on this bus. Everybody
off, now! Line up outside! Let's go, let's go, now!"

Aspassengers — who didn't need English to under-
stand the angry man's gestures — left the bus, another
soldier separated the men from the women. Inside the
army truck (which had a bullet hole in its windshield),
athird soldier attended to what looked like a wounded
man. The one with the rifle walked in front of the men
and stared at each, then turned and came back. That put
himnear the door of the bus and the driver, who was still
in his seat. He pointed his rifle at the driver and yelled,
"Who—," but he didn't finish.

The soldier threw down his gun and started scream-
ing. He fell to the ground and slapped at himself like he
was covered with bugs or something. Just as the thought
occurred to me, all of the soldiers were being swarmed by
scorpions! I used the sight and saw the dead woman and
another ghost — one that had been riding a passenger

CHAPTER 3:STRANGERINA DEAD LAND

— gesturing at the men. Alll the soldiers were writhing
on the ground and screaming bloody murder. I knew
that's just what this would turn into if I didn't do
something fast, so I ran to the driver, shook him and
yelled, "Make them stop." The driver looked genuinely
frightened, just as I hoped he would in order to make the
dead woman turn her powers on me instead. She did,
sort of. The driver appeared to be crawling with snakes
that he was oblivious to. I think they were meant to
frighten me, but I knew they weren't real.

None of that helped the soldiers, though, who still
had dozens of real scorpions stinging them. I noticed
that a lot of passengers (ones with and without ghosts)
had run away. The one whose rider was my bet for
scorpion wrangler just stood there, smiling.

I concentrated and just knew in my gut that the
scorpion wrangler wouldn't hurt me because I wasn't
white. I grabbed a rifle and fired into the ground at the
his feet. That got the attention of the man and his
ghostly companion. I pointed the rifle and said, "Go!
Allez! allez!" He didn't hesitate, he just ran. The scorpi-
ons were gone from the soldiers, but all three were
swelling terribly. 1 ran to the truck and grabbed the
radio. A frantic voice said, "Delta Bravo, do you copy?"

"Your men are out here on—" I yelled at the bus
driver, who looked petrified, and asked the name of the
road. "—on the Laurendine Highway. They need medi-
calattention right now." Naturally, the operator wanted
to play twenty questions. I just ignored her and used a
bandanna to wipe my prints off the radio, the rifle and
the door handle. I wasn't surprised to find the cloth
stained with blood when I was done. The soldier in the
truck appeared to have been shot, and he was way
beyond medical attention.

What I really wanted to do then was take the driver
and the hotel worker someplace and ask some questions of
my own. I was afraid to be anywhere near the bus, though,
in case the army guys got there soon. So I started walking
back to town and hoped it wasn't more than a few miles.
I figured I'd track down the mystery couple later.

By the time I gotback to my hotel room, I'd thought
a lot about the day's events. Getting this much down
will have to be enough though, despite all the questions
Ihave. It's time to sleep.

ReFtecrion

Subject: Many theories, few facts
From: shaka74
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I've thought more about everything I discussed in
my last message. I have some ideas but that's all they are.
I'll throw out a few to see if anything sticks. Your
comments are invited.


1. The dead and the folks with the auras that Book-
worm says bring strange luck seem to be much more
common here than stateside. The widespreadness (is that
aword? you know what I mean) of both types took me by
surprise, butitshouldn'thave, really. Many, many sources
describe Haiti's population as 90% Catholic, 100% vodou.
What I knew about the history of vodou in general and
zombies in particular got me thinking that the current
state of the world could have had its start here. Maybe
there was some supernatural accident in Haiti. Or maybe
someone here purposely cursed the rest of the world.
After seeing the living conditions of most Haitians, I'm
notsure I'd blame them for doingit. Ormaybe PapaLegba
and the rest of the loas (the spirits that vodou devotees
worship) are just restless.

2. How aware are the people here of ghostly
presence(s)? A lot of vodou is ancestor worship and
inviting spirits to ride the living, but I thought that last
part happened only during special ceremonies. Maybe
all the folks I saw had participated in such ceremonies
recently, but there's a whole lot of riding going on. Plus,
the dead woman from the hotel was inside a white
tourist before she climbed into the hotel worker. Con-

sidering that I've been inside a limited number of

buildings here (most of them hotels), I can't say for
certain, but there seem to be more spirits riding people
outdoors than indoors. What's that all about?

Is it possible that some of the powers associated with
voodoo (a politically incorrect term here, BTW) have
really been ghosts using the very powers we've encoun-
tered? Which brings me back to my earlier question: To
what extent do people here understand what's inside
them? Scorpion man didn't seem at all surprised or upset
by what his "passenger" did to the soldiers. But did he
know who was doing it? Like I said, he seemed to be into
watching the soldiers suffer. What if the "voodoo doll"
is nothing but ghost magic practiced by a dead person
through the guise of a living person?

On the other hand, the hotel worker seemed much
more... | don't know, out of it. She barely responded to
what happened. All her responses seemed to be gov-
erned by the dead woman, whose only concern appeared
to be the well-being of the bus driver. Was she his
mother? His grandmother? Or did I glimpse an encoun-
ter between two people who are both long-dead, but the
child's soul had been reincarnated? Maybe I should have
made the two of them come with me and questioned
them. At least I know where to find them.


3. Why do I think all this is important? Maybe the
dead are eventually going to be as common everywhere
as they are here. Maybe the sort of religion practiced
here might pacify some of the angrier souls we encoun-
ter. I'm not suggesting that vodou should become a
world religion by any means, but surely it's occurred to
some of you that by dying to protect the living from the
dead, we — hunters — may join the opposition. No, I
haven't met the ghost of a hunter yet — at least, I'm
pretty sure | haven't — but that doesn't mean I never
will. I don't know if the idea frightens any of you, but it
scares the shit out of me.

Drawine Gonnecr ions

Subject: More questions
From: shaka74
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Iwent out two days ago in hopes of finding a vodou
titual under way. No luck so far. What I did find just
adds more confusion to the mix.

All my research into larger vodou ceremonies char-
acterized them as rural phenomena. Okay, | figured,
let's make another visit to the countryside.

After another long wait, I caught the bus at the
same stop in hopes of encountering the same driver.
There was a much younger man driving this time.
Maybe the other guy's shift was over or it was his day
off. When we got to the place where the army truck
blocked the road, I tried to ask the driver how much
farther to the end of the line, but 1 don't think he
understood me. Anyway, the end of the line turned out
to be literally that, where the road had collapsed for
some reason. There was a turnaround worn in the grass
alongside the road. A few people were waiting, and
that's where I got off. There was a foot path worn into
the hillside, so I followed it. It got wilder and steeper
with every step. I passed a few shacks that seemed
abandoned (though it's hard to tell here). None of
them looked especially promising. Not that I was sure
what I was looking for, anyway.

Ofcourse, when I did find what I was looking for, I
didn't even know what it was — or how I recognized it.

I had noticed elaborate symbols painted on the
exteriors of many houses: a heart-shaped grid pierced
with a sword, totem-type figures somewhere between a
stick man and a railroad-crossing sign, intersecting
rigzags, and others I can't even describe. Then, as
twilight approached, I saw one that took my breath
away. Painted in white on a bright blue house was
something] immediately took to bea symbol for "death"
—what I now know to be our symbol. Then I saw the
crude face, done in red, inside the circle. It was basically

CHAPTER 3:STRANGERINA DEAD LAND

a skull-and-crossbones. Strange, I thought, how I'd
never made that association before. Even stranger was
when | later realized I knew the simple version (without
a face) to be our sign for death. Though | had seen
others, that particular symbol was one I had never used
or even seen used!

I decided to hang around just out of sight to see
who might come or go. It was just after nightfall when
the door opened and a tall Haitian man exited. I used
the sight on him and saw that he was a blood-pawn,
some night creature's helping hand. He looked around
and then set off downhill. I waited ten minutes or so
to see if he might return, then I left my hiding place
and walked right up to the front door. Just before I
reached it, I concentrated for a glimpse of myself
inside the place. What I got was a mostly empty
room, so I kept going.

There was no latch, so I pushed the door open and
walked in. To call the contents spare would be an
understatement. There was a folded cot, a broom and a
coat rack. Atop the coat rack was a black top hat. The
"closet" was the wall to the right of the door. Several
items of clothing hung there on pegs, including a jacket
with tails that was protected by a cellophane bag.

I didn't linger. After all, where there's a puppet,
there might bea bloodsucker, right? If had to deal with
one of them, I wanted to be prepared. Also, I wanted to
research the symbol outside the house. So I went back
to town, thinking about more efficient means of trans-
portation the whole way.

Back in my room, I realized that I should have
looked ata few more books and a few less websites. Even
the Holiday Inn's tourist books offered more informa-
tion. The skull-and-crossbones turned out to be a vévé,
asymbol used in vodou to open the way into this world
for spirits. In fact, I'm embarrassed to admit that nearly
all the emblems I described before turn out to be sacred
markings of one sort or another, sonearly every building
I saw in the countryside was probably some kind of
temple. None of my online sources had shown vévés,
even though several mentioned them. A few other
vévés are similar enough to imbued sign language to
make me wonder all the more about the exact nature of
the Heralds — and us.

Maybe I was hasty in saying vodou shouldn't be a
world religion. Maybe the Heralds want things every-
where to be more like they are in Haiti — spirit and
material worlds "closer together," more reconciled.
Could it be the Heralds are loas?I mean, didn't Traveler
quote Oracle once as saying something like "the angel
is inside me"? What if our sign language works the way
vévés do, or are supposed to, and creates bridges or
doorways for the Heralds? And if that's true, is it


necessarily a good thing? I'm having trouble seeing what
benefit vodou has brought Haiti on a temporal level —
but that's seldom a fair measure of any religion. Overall,
there seems to be relative peace between the living and
the dead here, despite all the ghosts riding around inside
of people. Then again, I bet those soldiers wouldn't
think things are too peaceful between the living and the
dead. That is, if you could get those guys to believe the
truth of what happened to them.

Thinking about those soldiers and the scorpions
and all reminds me of something I saw in the newspa-
per. Sometime last year, didn't Congress get its way
and force a total withdrawal of U.S. troops from Haiti?
Does anybody recall for sure? If that's the case, what's
the military still doing here? Besides stirring up trouble
with the locals, that is? I wonder if there's a racial
component to antagonizing the ghosts here. Could it
be that some of these ghosts died in one of the earlier
U.S. invasions (look 'em up for yourself) and are just
delivering some payback? Or that they were slaves of
the French? Things sure were calmer on that bus before
the soldiers showed up.

Fumecing For ANswers
Subject: scared

From: shaka74

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

On my way back to the shack in the hills, I had
three turns of luck. The good one was bumping into a
Haitian who was selling a few things I could use. I
probably shouldn't have attracted attention to myself
by overpaying the guy, but he looked like he needed
the money. Anyway, I got a rusty-but-working bike, a
rusty-but-working can of spray-lubricant (I tested it on.
the bicycle's chain, which needed it), and a ball peen
hammer with a big chip out of its handle. The spray
can and hammer went into my pack, and I rode the
bike back out to the country.

The bad turn of luck, or so it seemed at first, was that
the bike's chain only lasted halfway up the first real hill
before snapping. I was pissed at first. Then I realized I
had abike chain to use asa weapon in case I needed one.
I wheeled the bike off the road and was stashing it in
some bushes — waste not, want not — when I realized
I wasn't alone.

] activated the sight as I looked up. Standing there
was the soldier who'd boarded the bus. He was a mess.
Oozing wounds covered his bare torso, arms and face.
Dried blood coated his hands past the wrists. Worst of
all, though, was what hid inside him: a spirit that only
bordered on human. Hell, maybe it never was. Who
knows? I waited for him to make a move, to see whether
the soldier was in charge or not.

The sound he made as he rushed wasn't English
and didn't seem all that human, really, so I was think-
ing "puppet show." I flipped the bike toward him and
he tripped over it. Evenas he tried to get himself clear,
he was groping after me and snapping his teeth. I
focused a little guesswork on him and saw myself
throttling him to death with the bike chain. Needless
to say, I was horrified, and my immediate impulse was
to run to avoid having to kill the guy. I was also
thinking, maybe he's incoherent with pain and the spirit
isn't guiding him at all right now. Either way, I knew he
was still a fucking menace:

As he launched himself again, I swung the chain
low to snag his legs. He hit the ground hard, face first.
When he came right back up, I was pretty sure the guy
wasn't in control.

That was when the real bad luck hit: He got hold of
my leg and bit me. His teeth went right through my
jeans! Hurt like hell, and he wouldn't let go. I just
started swinging the chain at him. When that didn't
stop him, I knew it was him or me. | pivoted on the ball
of my foot, forced my knee behind his head and pushed
his face to the ground. When he tried to come up, I
looped the chain over his head and pulled it as hard as
Icould. I channeled everything into holding him there
until I saw the invading spirit exit his body.

I wanted to check his pulse, but if you've ever done
that thing where you put your all into some effort, you
know what you're like immediately after. Which is tosay,
Icollapsed on top of the guy. By the time I could roll over
and check him out, his eyes were bulging and glassy.

Suddenly, I didn't feel like tracking down fangs or
their flunkies. I'dnever felt as disgusted with myselfas I did
at that moment. I wished I'd never come to this hellhole.

I thought I might bury the guy (not that I had the
strength to manage it). But the last thing I needed was
to be caught in the middle of doing that. I didn't think
the spray can was volatile enough to help torch the
corpse. So I left him in the bushes. I just picked up the
bike, wheeled it onto the road and left him there. |
climbed onto it and coasted downhill as far as I could.
Once the road leveled out, I just pushed the bike into a
ditch, tossed the bloody chain into a stagnant pond and
kept walking.

After a while, the bite started to throb. By the time
I got to my hotel, swelling had set in. I'd been able to find
peroxide at the Holiday Inn's gift shop, but I didn't even
ask about doctors or hospitals. Haiti is not a place where
sensible people request medical services. I tended to my
wound in my room.

Asmuchas|'m trying to stay calmas | write, the bite
has me worried. The soldier's teeth didn't penetrate far,


but they did break the skin. Mostly, the calf looks badly
bruised. Not too surprising, considering he managed to
bite through denim. When I left him, his mouth was
open and his teeth looked normal. Not like fangs, 1
mean. But aren't fangs — bloodsuckers, I mean — able
to hide their teeth? Could I have been wrong about
what the soldier was? Has anyone out there come across
a bloodsucker that looked like it had some basically
inhuman spirit hiding inside? I'm probably worrying
about nothing, but... what if?

Of course, there's also the possibility of simple
infection, human mouths being the cesspools they are.
Anybody know the early signs of gangrene?

Idon't want to die in this place. I don't want to be
aghost here, or a vampire, or any other kind of spirit-
infested leftover. Then again, if killing innocent people
isthe only way to "save the world," I'm notso sure I can
goon living.

IvERYIEW

Subject: The visitor
From: shaka74
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

This is very important! Please read!

I just survived an extraordinary conversation with
an unexpected visitor, and I'm trying to get it all down
while I can, What's amazing me is how clearly I can
recall everything.

Speaking wiv ve Deap

The first thing I noticed was his smell, like the sweet-
rotten smell of those rawhide chew toys they sell at pet
shops. Except deader than that. Not as bad as most rots,
but my visitor definitely smelled dead. This will sound
weird, but I was glad it was him and not me; my first
thought upon waking to this stench was is that my leg?

Then I realized I had company. I'd been asleep on
my cot (the bed was still too scary). He sat in the room's
only chair, not far from my feet. His legs were crossed
very casually, as if] had invited him in. Which I had not.
Itwas dark — just moonlight from the window — so it
was hard to tell anything else about him, at first anyway.

"Awake at last," he said. His English was nearly
perfect, almost too perfect. There was a hint of an
accent that | couldn't place, other than thinking it
wasn't particularly Caribbean.

I leaped out of bed to the far wall. It took me a
moment to become oriented and control my fear. That's
when | realized how much my leg hurt just to stand. I'm
lucky he wasn't aggressive from the outset. I wouldn't
have gotten far or lasted long.

"Who are you?" I demanded.

Instead of answering, he responded with a question.
He did that a lot. "Why have you come to Haiti, and
how long have you been able to see the dead?"

Now his speech seemed less perfect than it seemed
willed, as if my visitor was struggling with some impedi-
ment. He had trouble with b's, v's and m's, it seemed.

Once I had the presence to actually look at him, 1
saw... nothing. To the sight, the guy wasn't there. I shut
it off and he reappeared as a dark shape of a man. "No
need to be shy," he said. "We're all friends here, fornow."

The way he gestured made it seem there were
others in the room, but the sight revealed no one else.
Or maybe I was being paranoid. Of course, I had damn
good reason.

"American, yes? A runaway soldier?"

"I'm an American," | said, "but not a soldier. Not
anymore. Me and the army didn't see eye to eye. They said
Ithought too much." And now maybe I spoke to much, yet
conversing with this intruder seemed natural somehow.

"So you abandoned your duties?"

"No. That was a while ago."

"Then whatis it you're running from?" By this time,
my eyes had adapted to the darkness. Outside, there was
a puff of noise and an orange flash. The new trash fire
gave me just enough light to see the wreckage of my
visitor's face, or what remained of it: grayish leathery
skin, receded eyes, no nose, sunken cheeks, and — the
reason for his odd speech, I realized — no lips. But a
frightening set of dangerous-looking teeth. I'd almost
say he was all teeth.

"What are you?" I asked.

"Exactly what I appear to be. You, though... you
claim you are no soldier and yet you aid them."

I knew he meant the soldiers by the road. "They
needed help."

"Help' is an interesting term for garroting, don't
you think?"

I didn't reply to that. Despite my efforts, I'd appar-
ently been watched since I arrived.

"Now I understand! You're one of those other Ameri-
cans here, like the fellow I... interviewed, the NAS man."

"The what?"

"The marksman who shot my servant. Well, you
likely considered him a spy. Ugly word, ‘spy,' for an ugly
undertaking."

He sat waiting for me to reply. I said nothing.
Finally, he continued, "No, I'm wrong. You're much
more forthcoming than he was."

"You're talking about the sniper, aren't you? Are
you saying an American did that?"

"Do you believe a Haitian did it?"


HUNTER: THE WALKING DEAD

"It'snever been my nature to accept the ‘official' word."

"Wise of you. The marksman had captured the
frightened man who flagged down your bus. He re-
leased the poor fellow after shooting my servant in
the army vehicle. He threatened to shoot the Hai-
tian, too, if he didn't run toward your bus, as if the
marksman intended to throw the soldiers' suspicion
on every black man aboard it — to instigate a mass
confrontation."

1 wondered what race this creature had been be-
fore... whatever the hell had happened to him. His
understanding of racial chemistry and its volatile mix-
tures made me think he had an insider's view — that, or
he'd observed this place for a long time. Either way, his
current appearance made any conclusive determina-
tion impossible.

"And you said the sniper worked for... the ‘NAS'?"
Lasked.

"How much do you understand about vodou?"

"Enough to be dangerous to myself. I know less than
I believed I did." I suddenly had strange thought, is this
how it happened for that Bookworm guy? Then I remem-
bered that he lost his legs...

"[ am more interested in what you know that you
believe. Do you believe in vodou?"

"I believe in lots of things these days. Should I have
faith in vodou?" | felt a pang of worry about our symbols
and the images I'd seen painted on the shacks.

"Have you ever had faith in anything?"

"Never for long. I think a lot. Maybe too much.
Faith doesn't usually hold up for me."

"For mortals, faith often comes with time and the
acknowledgement of mortality. Nevertheless, it's not
beyond those who have already died. Centuries offer
many chances for reflection, after all."

"How old are you, exactly?"

"You never told me how long you've been able to
see the dead."

"Ican't—"

"You're an untalented liar. Since childhood? Did
your dead great-grandmother come sing slave lullabies
at your bedside?"

"[v's... a new skill. I'm still getting adjusted to it."
Did Bookworm feel the same temptation to tell all, just
to have answers for once?

"And how many others like you does the United
States employ?"

"I told you—"

"Just checking. Why is your government engineering
clashes between its own military and Haitian civilians?"


"Thave no idea."

"I believe the United States knows of the unbidden.
And fears them. As it should."

"Do you mean all the ghosts?"

"As long as mortals have dwelled on this island, so
have ghosts. Some of the African ghosts were so
devastated after losing their descendants to slavery
that they walked across the Atlantic to join their kin.
Most rode here in the living bodies of their loved ones.
And they do so even today.... No, the unbidden are
the ones even the most powerful oungans fear, the
departed ones who have returned even though no
vodou priest ever called them back. They are the dead
who leave footprints."

I took a chance and said, "I thought I was talking
with one of those."

"Touché. No, no one made the unbidden. They
appear simply to have occurred. Like the rain," he said,
gesturing upward.

"So, someone... made you this way? Are you some
kind of mummy?"

I'mnot going to try to describe his laugh. It was one
ofthe most disturbing things I've ever heard. I'm getting
the creeps all over again as I recall it. When he stopped,
he said, "Ah, you Americans."

"Pll take that as a ‘no.' Suppose you're right and
the U.S. does know about the unbeckoned or what-
ever you call them. Why should a nation with
nuclear weapons fear them?" [This is incredible! At
the time, I was talking to him I couldn't remember
the exact word he'd used for these creatures. Since
Istarted typing, it's as if I'm hearing a recording of
the conversation inside my head — every pause and
missed p!]

"The unbidden are an army that can conscript new
foot soldiers by doing what any army does as a matter of
course: killing its enemies."

I digested that silently for a moment.

"Will the United States use nuclear weapons on its
own soil? Against its own citizens?" he asked.

"[ don't think things in the States are as they are
here. I've seen a lot of ghosts there, but not near as many
ashere. The living still outnumber the dead over there.
And the zombies I've seen don't seem organized like an
army, either. They're more like a mob."

"T trust the history of France is still taught in your
country?"

"That mob had intelligent leaders..."

"Intelligent and wicked. Surely something can ex-
ist even if it is beyond your experience? Need I remind
you that you are talking with a corpse?"

CHAPTER 3:SY RANGER INA DERDLAND

"Are you saying that someone is guiding these
things? Who? One of the local voodoo masters?" |
wanted to see if he'd flinch at the term, but he didn't.

"Nothing so commonplace."

"Are you going to tell me or do I have to guess?"

"You assume that I have the answer. I can only tell
you with certainty what we arenot talking about. It isno
mere manbo or oungan."

"So how do I find out?"

"One of our mutual acquaintances might help you."
He pointed behind me. I turned slowly, wondering for
the briefest moment if it might be a trick. The only
"mutual acquaintance" I could think of was the soldier
Td killed. That's when | saw a terracotta jar in the
corner of the room. I gotasick feelingas] imagined parts
of the soldier — maybe his head, given the size of the
container — inside.

"Do you want me to open that?" I asked.

He remained silent. I didn't want to know what was
in the jar, but I had to know what the hell was going on.
Finally, I limped over to the container. It was a maybe
two feet tall, with a lid. I lifted the lid. It was still pretty
dark in the room, but the urn seemed empty.

In obvious confusion, I turned to my "guest."

"She's with you now. Be patient."

"Fuck!" I activated the sight and two things hap-
pened: My dead friend vanished and the ghost-woman
from the bus appeared out of me, as if she was being
forced from my body.

"What are you doing?" I yelled, ready to fight
whatever I had to.

"You're the most squeamish medium I've ever en-
countered," the rot said. "Celia intends you no harm,
and she could not inflict it without my permission. She
says you ‘evicted' her. How did you do that? | fear you
may have hurt her feelings...."

"Yeah, well, I fear losing mine! I've seen what ghosts
can make people do!" I was angry now.

"Then we find ourselves at an impasse. Celia has
information to share, but she requires an instrument in
order to be heard."

"You heard her just now! Why can't she use you as
her ‘instrument'?"

"Throttling the soldier wasn't the first time you
succumbed to a... regrettable impulse, was it? How
does the question go? When did you stop beating your
wife? After she was dead? Is that when you started
seeing ghosts?"

"I'm getting tired of this. Nobody gets inside me."

"Sounds to me like a masculinity issue. If you wish
to hear what Celia has to say, she must ride you. Unless


you prefer that she impart her information to you
through dreams..."

His casual tone belied a threat. Either let her in
while 1 was awake and maybe alert, or she'd sneak in
while I was asleep.

"| asked why you can't be the one! You two seem to
be friends."

"The prevailing weather in the deadlands makes it
tiring and difficult to pick out her words. Poor Celia
has to shout with all her strength just to be heard above
the din, and I have to strain to hear her. Of course, she
could speak through my mouth, but unless you have a
thorough grasp of Creole, which differs enough from
French that—"

" get the picture. Why not just say you want to see
what I can do and I have no choice about it?" His
attempts to put me through my paces were getting more
and more obvious.

"One always has choices. It is not my desire to
coerce you. What is your decision?"

What I said was, "Let's get it over with." What I was
thinking was, how would Dr. Phibes here like a blowtorch
to the face?

"You may wish to sit down. Some people experience
dizziness or disorientation when a riding spirit speaks."

That was fine by me. The knapsack that held my
tools — and the spray can — was near my cot. I'd have
grabbed for it when I first awoke, but I wasn't exactly
rational at the time. I sat and looked at the patterns of
orange dancing on the far wall.

"Ready?" he asked.

"Ready," I lied. I still had the sight activated, which
meant I'd been hearing him but not seeing him for the
last few minutes — very bizarre — and seeing her but
not hearing heras she appeared to speak in his direction.
My timing had to be perfect.

She came closer, loomingabove me —then stopped.
Itwasas ifshe had hit some invisible barrier surrounding
me. She turned to face the chair, and that's when I made
my move. | let go of the sight, dove off the pallet, tore
open the knapsack and found... nothing. It was empty.
I looked up at him, still seated unperturbed in the chair.

"I moved your toys elsewhere before I woke you.
Shall we continue?"

ComMUNION oF Souts

I didn't say anything as I repositioned myselfon the
cot. I still wasn't saying anything when a string of patois
came streaming out of my mouth.

"Celia says you have much better teeth than the
average Haitian."

I tried to reply, but her words came out instead.

"She asks if you know why they are keeping her son."

Again, | tried to speak. I took myself by the throat
and shook my head at him. He said something in French
— or Creole, I guess — and her words stopped as mine
began: "—fucking word in edgewise!"

"Parity is what you two must achieve for this to
work. What of her son?"

"Is he the bus driver?" Phibes nodded solemnly. "I
don't know. I've been trying to find him myself."

He spoke, she spoke, he translated: "The soldiers who
arrived after you left the scene at the bus took everyone
they found to an American compound in the hinterlands.
Celia did not remain in her horse because she feared the
ghost-eaters there. The ones at the gates that keep spirits
away. Do you know what she's talking about?"

"No."

"She didn't want to abandon her son, but she had
the chance to change mounts outside the compound, so
she did."

"So the woman from the Holiday Inn... Celia's horse?"
He nodded. "Has Celia seen her since all this happened?"

He said, approximately, "Et ton cheval?"

He listened, said something else that 1 couldn't
follow, then said, "There has been no sign of her, either."

"Ask her how the soldier I... the soldier I strangled
got that thing inside him."

He talked longer than he had since we'd started
this seance, or whatever it was, then she replied for a
long time, too.

"She doesn't know."

I suspected I'd gotten the edited version that time
for sure, but all I could do was concentrate more on
their words and hope to pick something meaningful
out of the flow.

"Wait. Don't you have other ‘servants' among the
Americans? Like the guy who got shot?"

"Not anymore. Shortly after entering my... employ,
each has been reassigned outside Haiti. Except one."

"And?"

"She's dead."

I wish I'd used the sight on the dead soldier in the
truck. All this might have made more sense sooner. Or
not, since it still wasn't entirely clear what was going on
now. "How'd she die?"

"Immaterial," he said.

"T can't help you if you won't let me."

"Let's move on," he said, sounding irritated for the
first time.

"They've found a way to detect your spies, haven't
they? And you were hoping I could tell you what it is.
Well, here's a tip: It ain't me."


"Our time together is finished. Celia!" A string of
rapid-fire Creole followed. I followed none of it.

An equally incomprehensible response began
streaming from my lips. Suddenly, he leaned toward me
and placed a hand on my leg, the bitten one. I panicked
and activated the sight. He vanished — though I could
still feel the faint pressure of his hand on my leg.
Meanwhile, she appeared, forced out of me once again.
Then, as quickly as she was there, hovering in the air
before me, she was sucked into the terracotta jar like
water going down a drain.

He spoke again, still invisible but close enough for
me to get a real whiff. I was almost ready to puke as he
said, "Had I not been your guest tonight, youmighthave
eamed a visit from Gédé, instead. He may call on you
yet, and he has neither my curiosity nor my appreciation
for humanity's finer aspects." His grip tightened. "Re-
main in Haiti and it will be the death of you."

And then he was gone. So was the jar. Only his
stench remained.

Itwas about the time his smell faded that I realized
his parting words might have referred to my leg.

Answers?

Subject: The morning after
From: shaka74

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

I checked out of my hotel last night. In the middle
of the night, actually. I spent some time in the lobby of
the Holiday Inn and finally reserved a room, but didn't
even put my stuffin it. I've been at Port-au-Prince's only
internet cafe since it opened. I've been thinking. I've
been trying not to think about my leg.

1. I'm willing to bet my 40 acres and a mule that
Phibes is a bloodsucker. For some reason, though, I felt
sure that saying the v-word in front of him would mean
atrip to the boneyard. I'm not sure why. Maybe it was
the way he seemed to avoid it. Anyway, so much for the
myth about them having to be invited in.

2. Could it be that there are hierarchies among the
dead? And the undead? I got the distinct impression
that Phibes' relation to Celia was master to slave, owner
to property. Do the ones with bodies lord it over the
ones without? It can't be that simple. What about
shamblers? They must be pretty low on the totem.

3. What's the NAS? Could he have meant NASA?
Maybe Soldier91 was right all along and the truth really
isout there. But the idea of NASA assassins sniping at GI
Joe seems ridiculous.

Almost.

4.I'veseen other references on hunter-net to ghosts
and storms, which is what Phibes implied was going on

CHAPYER3:STRANGERINA DEAD LAND

wherever Celia was. Does anyone have more intelli-
gence on this? What's the connection?

5. As a matter of course, | now activate the sight
before I compose email to the list. You never know
what's looking over your shoulder. Then again, the
failure of the sight on Phibes was scary. It was as if he
could be seen and heard only to the extent that he
wanted to be, like he was more than a match for it. 1
hope that's not common.

6. [wonder how long Phibes has been watching me.
Then again, maybe he had other "servants" watching
me all along.

7. The most disturbing thing we discussed was
walkers massing into an army. Or being massed. Down-
right apocalyptic. Maybe he was wrong.

8. The other disturbing thing was the U.S. army
detaining Haitian nationals. Isn't that a violation of
international law? Of course, it's also a little trou-
bling to think that the government knows about the
things we fight but doesn't let on. Not that it would
be any great revelation to learn the feds have lied to
us — again.

I find myself with more questions than answers, as
usual. This is as good a time as any to get the hell out of
town. I'll be out of touch fora while. I want to see if can
find this base Celia talked about.

My Reasons

Subject: Where I'm headed
From: shaka74
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I never told any of you exactly why I came to Haiti.
Ir's time I did, since 1 might not get another chance.

Maybe you remember me saying that ] came here to
watch out for the interests of black people in our war. |
didn't say then that the reason I feel it's necessary is the
insane racism embraced by some of you. Not all of you,
some of you. But believe me, that qualifier doesn't make
me feel any better.

The rabid bigotry of imbued like Jager, Apartheid's
poster boy, has been back-and-forthed enough that just
his name sums up what's ugly and wrong about the
imbued. But his disappearance from hunter-net didn't
mean that his attitudes went with him.

When I read in the Times-Pic that a 9th Ward
housing unit had burned to the ground, I didn't think
much about it. When arson was raised as a possibility, I
still sort of ignored the story. When two more got
torched the next week and cops were quoted about
"gang symbols," along with a story from an eyewitness
who claimed people were shot as they tried to exit one

a =


of the burning buildings (autopsies were still pending
then), I took notice.

Damn if I didn't find a "protected" sign spray-
painted onto a wall bordering the 9th Ward.

Some of you probably remember me making an
open call for a bullseye in New Orleans. I was trying to
lure this killer into the open. Didn't work, though.

What I did get was contact with some out-of-
towners who were trailing a firebug/sniper named Peleus,
a nasty piece of work who, according to them, was
supposed to be dead. Some backtracking on their part
had revealed him to be one more in a series of "corpse
thefts" reported lately in their home base. The morgue
had tried to cover up these disappearances because they
"reflected poorly" on the medical examiner's office.
Right. Whereas a botched cover-up was sure to win
public confidence. Anyway, | was thinking great, not
just a rogue, but a dead rogue. One who knows our sign
system, no less!

The four of us, me and the three out-of-towners,
set traps for Peleus. To cut to the heart of it, he kept
sidestepping us — the man is wily, I'll give him that —
until I finally had him in my sights, literally. He was
busy with targets of his own, civilian targets, so | had no

qualms about shooting him. I said, "I've got him" into
my headset mic to alert the others — but I hesitated
I had to know. I used the sight — and saw that he
looked normal. Alive. Not like a rot. Through the
headset, I heard one of the others say, "Shoot, dammit!
What are you waiting for?" As the implications hit me,
I pulled back just for a second. When I looked again,
Peleus was gone.

My partners were so pissed that they abandoned me
to chase Peleus on their own again. I wasn't happy with
me, either. I had the chance to save innocent lives from
amaniac who seems to believe it's okay to burn whole
apartment buildings if any of the dark-skinned people
inside are monsters. Or working for monsters, I guess.
He shoots anybody who tries to escape the fire —
probably just to be on the safe side. | blew my chance,
people died and Peleus is still out there somewhere,
sizing up his next target.

But it's more than that. I've never been sure of a
whole lot in life, except how fluid everything is. What's
true today may be wrong tomorrow. I remember reading
not too long ago that the gravitational constant had
been proven to fluctuate. A long time ago, I accepted
the comforting childhood platitude, there's no such thing


as monsters. I didn't have to become imbued to learn
how big a lie that was. All I had to do was be black in the
United States — but it's not just about race, either. Live
inthe world and you can't help but see how inhuman
people can be to one another. Seeing all these things
that we do, it's possible to forget that people don't need
any help at being monstrous themselves. At being evil.
Like Peleus.

I wanted him to be a rot! I wanted an easy explana-
tion for human evil. I didn't want to pull the trigger on
one of our own, ona real live person. But when I failed
todo what I needed to do, I couldn't forgive myself. I left
the army pretty much for the same reason. Once the
time came when I could choose to be a soldier or not, I
chose not to be.

Then, some damn space alien or avenging angel or
aspect of God — pick one, there are plenty of possibili-
ties to go around — drafted me into this militia of ours.
Soit looked like I'd be a soldier whether I liked it or not.

Except I resisted it. | tried to use my brain, to figure
out the enemy, to study the opposition. Whenever
possible, I tried to subdue, not kill, to separate and keep
the peace. That's what a policeman does. Ideally, any-
Way. But soon enough, that approach made me a
spectator. An observer. A private eye trailing after
zombies and spooks.

This war can't be won by watching. I see that now.
My time for watching is past. One of our enemies
isimplacable and uncaring. This particular foe dwells
—I don't know if lives is the right word because I
haven't seen it, just its servants — in the Artibonite

Valley, almost due north of Port-au-Prince. It's on a
plantation with corral after corral of the walking dead.
Thousands of them. Someone rich and powerful has
gathered them and made the place look like a mari-
juana farm. If the Corpse was telling the truth about
the "NAS," our culprit could be the U.S. government,
but I don't think so. It could be some vodou priest or
priestess, but that doesn't fit, either. Huge limousines
come and go between the plantation and the president's
mansion in town.

Whoever or whatever the lord or lady of the house
is, he/ she/ it is holding U.S. army personnel captive in
beggar's cages suspended above the corrals. There are
catwalks above the pens, too, and dark-suited white
men who go from pen to pen to jab spears and heated
pipes into the caged soldiers. | don't pretend to know
what the goal is. I just know somebody has to stop it.

Inaction is another enemy of ours, but I can put a
face on this one: mine. No more. I'm getting those
soldiers out if ] have to torch every motherfucker on
that plantation. And I think I've found a way to do it.

In case I don't come back, let me belabor the
obvious one last time. Our worst enemy is our own
capacity for evil. Some people who call themselves
hunters are just as inhuman as anything they hunt.
Don't be like them. Don't be Peleus. But don't be what
I was, either.

Keep the peace when you can. We have to win
this war the right way for the right reasons. But let's
win this war.

Inherit the Earth.



These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a
devil open the eyes of the blind?

—John 10:21

Suades oF TRUTH

Subject: Long silence
From: witness!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Okay, it's been a week. There's been nothing public
from Carpenter since that last post. Has anyone gotten any
private communication from him? Cabbie, you had a line
on his old stomping grounds. Has he been seen there?

Onarelated note, hasanyone heard from Ichmail lately?
Oracle claims his information on Thessaly was dead on, but
we haven't heard boo from him since you went. Did some-
thing happen to him? Does anyone have any information?
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Ichmail

More likely someone here happened to him.
*Laugh.* It's not like if someone was about to stake him,
he could shout out "Wait! I'm Ichmail!" He probably
didn't even know who got him.
From: howitzer 114
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Too bad

He seemed to have a serious case of that sort of self-
loathing that rots appear to get. I think that if you're lucky,
you can work that to your advantage. Some bloodsucker
who's feeling crappy about himself might mope around and

get sloppy, and then you can follow him right back to a
bunch of his buddies. If!'m reading this possibility right, you
might even be able to play it so that you take out the guy's
friends without ever letting him see you. He gets convinced
he's a curse or bad luck or something and wanders off to the
next batch. It's like deep-sea fishing with low-test line. You
play him out as bait and gently reel the big ones in.
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: azrael256
Subject: Depressed Rot

I find it hard to believe that there are depressed
monsters out there who could be that dumb. If I'm an
immortal monster with superpowers, I'm gonna live it
up. What the hell do they have to be depressed over?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Don't Ask Me

I don't know what drives them, man. I'm just glad
that they make stupid mistakes and do stupid shit. If they
were smartall the time, we'd be fucked. Maybe deep down
they know what monsters they are and whatever is left of
them that's still human is looking for a way out. I don't
know. Anyone got a better explanation?
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: mojo20
Subject: X-plain

i think the depressed ones are the faild experiments the
washout from the govts secret labs that get turned loose on


the public so the scientists can watch them&observer&see
what they do when theyre out on their on so the scientists
canmakethenextmodel better. Theyrenotactualy depresed
theyre on behavir modication drugs so that theyll act this
way. itmay bea plt to draw us into the open now that I think
bout it beause we cant resist folowing them and putting rot
like that out of its misry but really that just is a loor and they
can absorb the losses to gt us.
To: hunter list@hunter-net.org
From: shepherd274
Subject: Point of Order

So let me get this straight: Vampires aren't the
walking dead? mean, they're dead and they walk. What
differentiates them?
Subject: Re: Point of Order
From: bookworm55
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Let me see if I can break this down for you. "Walking
dead" is pretty much the classification for certain types of
entities walking around that don't necessarily correspond to
the traditional notion of the vampire legend (though some
tend to). According to Carpenter, their presence in our
world is due tosome sort of catastrophe or accident in theirs.
They can be summed up as lost souls in human bodies (I've
heard stories about possessed animals, but I'll treat them as
hearsay until I see proof). Dead but still walking around.

Vampires, on the other hand, are walking dead but
not the walking dead, if you take my meaning. Yes, they
might be dead, orso it seems. Yes, they walk as well as talk,
dance, fight and whatever else you please. However, they
seem to follow the established monstrous archetype —
that is, they seem to be recognizable creatures out of myth
— that it simply makes sense to treat them as their own
particular type of being. It makes identifying what you
encounter easier. If] say "vampire" everyone here knows
what I mean, while if I say "walking dead" and that term
includes vampires, there's going to be some confusion.

On the other hand, vampires do (as I said) walk
around, and they sure seem dead, so they might at least
belong on the periphery of this discussion.

Hopefully, this all makes sense.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shepherd274
Subject: Re: Point of Order

Ithink | follow, as much as I'd rather not. I just wish
the explanation could be more optimistic.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: rigger! 11
Subject: Art Imitates Undeath

Too bad that the movies aren't like real life. It
would be great if a v_mp_r_ would feel compelled to


spill his guts to some journalist and tell the guy every-
thing we'd need to know to hunt their sorry asses.

Subjec!
From: memphis68

So Sorry

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Your humor is misplaced, Rigger. We can't rely on the
enemy doing anything that will just hand their heads to uson
aplate. We've been chosen fora reason, and that reason isn't
to sit back and watch them beat themselves. I sure as hell
haven'tseen any of these suckersmopingdown thestreet, and
Idon'tcount on seeing any like that anytime soon. More like
the ones you saw were being used as lures, like Mojo said, but
byrots that wanted to get rid of other rots. It's the oldest trick
inthebook. Yousetyourenemiesononeanotherandletthem
tear each other up. Then when they're done, you step in and
pickup the pieces. It's perfect. So watch your backs ifyouever
do see some lame-ass monster lollygagging around. There's
probably someone watching you watch him.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Experience on the matter

Just because you're a monster doesn't mean you're
bright. I've dealt with rots that act like this, and when
Isay "dealt with" I mean "dealt with."

I'm not the sort of person who likes being around other
people. This is as close to any of youas I want to get. I'm much
more comfortable working solo, without worrying about any-
one screwing up while he's supposed to be watching my back.

Ivekilledabunch ofrotsand]'veseenalot more. They're
dumb, at least the ones you see are. They're dumb because
they're lazy. They think they're the only ones who know
they're there, that no one else but other rots can see them.
Afterall, it'sjustpoordumb people outthere, right? They can't
see rots. So they get lazy and walk around without bothering
tolookoutforanything but theirown kind. That means we're
off their radar. Once you spot one, you can follow it forever
because it doesn't bother to look for you. The really young
ones dosometimes, because they still think getting cussed out
by apriest is enough to make them melt. Most of them just
don't look, though. They know they're boss, so they don't
bother checking to see if anyone's moving in on them.

Those are just the street rots, though. They're like
gangbangers, only they drink blood. Think of it like a
cartel or mob. You're gonna see the low level guys, the
legbreakers and the runners and shit out on the
streetcorners. Deep down they know they're low grade, so
they flaunt their act. They show off what badasses they
are because they know they're nothing compared to the
bosses. Out on the street, they're tough. When they get
called in to talk to Don Vampire, they're jack-shit.

All that gives you two edges. One is that they're all
puffed up and cocky, so they fight stupid. They're showy
and they make wise-ass comments when they should be

biting your head off. They wind up or do kung fu shit
that's totally unnecessary. The time they take to do that
and pose for the ladies is the time you take to kill them.

The second edge is that they're small time and they
know they're small time. If they weren't, they wouldn't be
out on the streets or in the clubs looking for a meal. They'd
be having USDA prime honeys brought to them. They
know they don't rate, and that means you can scare them.
If you can call up holy fire or something showy like that,
they're gonna piss their pants because they're not sure they
canhandle it. They're used to pushing around weak defens
less 7-11 clerks and drunk secretaries. The second you show
themsomething real, they panic cause they aren'texpecting
itand they haven't got a way of handling it. And since these
punksare just punks, they're gonnaneed everything they've
got to hold you off. If they panic, they're not fighting with
everything they've got, and you can nail them.

Got myself a few that way.

Cavers Wirnin Layers

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter! 69
Subject: Sometimes yes, sometimes no.

You're half-right, Shogun. "Baby" rots—oneswhodon't
have a lot of power yet — are pretty easy to eliminate. They
can'tpullmany tricks. Oddsaremostofthe peoplereading this
can do more, though vampires generally have the knack of
beingable touse their tricks again and again until they runout
of blood. They're not that tough, comparatively speaking, They
can't take toomuch punishmentand they tend to break easy.
A lot of them have put too much stock in their status as
vampires and don't know how to react when they don't
control the situation. Shogun's right about that. That'swhen,
if you're fast and lucky and good, you can get ina shot.

That's "a shot," as in singular. One. You don't get a
second punch with vampires. If you don't kill them
when you get that initial opening, you're in trouble.

Why? Let me tell you something people: You call
yourself "hunters?" You're fooling yourself. You're not
hunters. You're sheep with shotguns. Don't create airs for
yourself. Vampires, they're hunters. They're the only
thing that feeds on the top of the food chain. They're
built from the ground up to hunt invisibly, to kill quickly
and to vanish without a trace. They're predators, people,
designed by God or the Devil to kill human beings.

And last time I checked, fancy lightshow or no
fancy lightshow, you're all still human beings.

But enough about you. (It's always about you, isn't it?)
Now it's time to think about them. Has anyone here ever
scared a predator? First they jump back, then they freak out.
It's bad enough when your house cat goes nuts, right? It's
all teeth and claws. If you're lucky, it doesn't draw too
much blood. Now pump up the scale to a vampire.
Bloodsuckers have teeth and claws. They can go batshit,

a!


HUNTER: THE WALKING DEAD

too. The difference between your cat going psycho on you
anda rot doing itis that you're likely to survive the former.

Ir'ssimple. If you push a vampire too far, he panics. Ifhe
panics, hisinstinctskick in. Hisinstinctsare those ofahunting
animal — the kind that hunts people. If he gives in to them,
you have aravening beast that can move fast, shrugoff bullets,
vanish and otherwise tear your head off faster than you can
blink. Remember, too, that while he's in panic mode, he's
usingeverything he's gotin his arsenal, all at once. That'sa lot
of shit, even for a vampire fresh out of the coffin.

What's the moral of this story? If they see you coming
and have time to prepare, you're in trouble. If you let them
freak out, you're in trouble. The only window of opportu-
nity you've got is to hit them in the seconds between when
they figure out you're there and when they go berserk.

Good luck.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: No Welcome Back

Oh happy day. The prodigal son is back. And here
I was hoping you'd had a fatal accident.

From: howitzerl 14
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: No Welcome Back

More like the prodigal scum. Welcome back, Car-
penter. What happened to your little plan? Was the old
lady too tough for you again?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Why Do I Bother?

Why, hello Howitzer, nice to hear from you again,
too. Me? I'm fine, thank you for asking. Oh, it was no
bother providing all that information for you on the
walking dead, no trouble at all. I was glad I could be of
assistance. Really, your gratitude is very touching. No,
no, your thanks are all the reward I need.

Oh wait, I'm sorry, that's what | was going to say. My
apologies for the confusion.

Nowlet'sgetone thingstraight before we go any further:
My business is my business. You can like it or lump it, but it's
not your business. Do I make myself clear? When I achieve
my ends, you'll know. Read the papers and you'll see proof.

Now, as Howitzer and Cabbie so brilliantly note, I'm
back. I'm back for reasons of my own that you probably
won'tunderstand, sol'm not going to bother listing them.
All you need to know is that I've got more news that you
can use, and I'm willing to share it out of the goodness of
my heart. Let me know when you're ready to listen.
Subject: Mediation
From: doctorl19
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Tthink the problem many ofushave rightnow, Carpenter,
isthatyouhave been revealed unapologetically to besomething

so

that, at the risk of beingmelodramatic, Should Not Be. Youare
our enemy, that which we seem to have been chosen by
unknownagents to oppose. Youhave deliberately misledusand
shown no shame for your deception, and you have intimated
that you have had close contact with the forces of darkness
Finally, you have admitted to wanting to use us to further ends
that, if your prior life is any indication, are nefarious in nature.

Givenall of these things, isitany wonder that we harbor
suspicions about you, your true motivations and your offers?
Ofcourse, if you can provide some surety of what you sa
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: freezer182
Subje

Just wanted to let people know that I'm alive and
well in a new location. Don't expect me to drop any
clues about it. And yes, I still have the hat. It's a good fit.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: azrael256
Subject: Huh?

I've got a better question. Carpenter's a... what? A
hidden? A spirit? A spook? How the hell does he know
anything about rots?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: hunter?
Subject: A bigger worry

We could be overlooking a potential catastro-
phe in the making here. Carpenter's knowledge of
vampires could be evidence of an active coopera-
tion between multiple breeds of supernatural
monsters. If they're pooling information and tac-
tics, then we're in deep trouble. The combination of
tricks and tactics that could be brought to bear on
any one of us is terrifying.

A Srcrey War

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenterl 69
Subject: Hah

You're about as likely to see a bunch of differ-
ent monsters teaming up as you are to see the
Duesenberg make a comeback. In other words,
don't worry your pointy little head about it, Hunter.
It's not going to happen. You lot are more likely to
form yourself into a cohesive group than they are,
and I don't think anyone here would argue with me
about how likely that is. Let me share a little secret
with you: Monsters don't necessarily like each
other. As a matter of fact, a lot of them hate one
another. They're always screwing with each other's
plans. The rots spend more time tearing each other
apart than they do taking care of clowns with
home-made stakes and holy water. You just don't

t: Hate to interrupt


see it because they do it behind closed doors or
under cover of something big.

Now what the hell does this have to do with
anything, right? It has everything to do with things, not
tomention what you're trying to do, why I'm here and
why I know as much as I do about vampires.

Bear with me. This takes some setup, and I know a
few of you have short attention spans.

First of all, you want to know what I am?1'ma dead
man. I've been a dead man for over a halfa century, and
I'm very happy being dead. I took that big trip back to
this side recently, at the same time so many other ghosts
did, and I've been walking around in a borrowed body
ever since. I like this one. It's in good shape and has a
steady hand. I'd rather have my own back, but seeing
howit's rotted away, that's not an option. I dug it up and
checked. It's a pretty sad sight.

Enough about me, though. Let's talk about how I
know so much about vampires. It's pretty straightfor-
ward when you think about it. I'm dead, right? And
what do vampires do that gets you so fired up to
exterminate them? Why, yes — they kill people!

Now where do you think all of those people go
when vampires kill them? Do you think they go through
atunnel to a bright shining light? Get reincarnated as
aturtle or a catfish? No, they go straight to the lands
of the dead — if they're lucky. The really fortunate
ones hang around a long time and can tell some
amazing stories. Most of them have these big hang-ups
about how they died, and they like to talk about it.
They tell you where they died, when they died, how
they died — and who killed them. Some of them do all
sorts of research into their murderers and then share
what they know.

Now how many people do you think your average
vampire kills? How many of them become ghosts? How
many of those are willing to talk? The answer to all
those questions is "enough for me to have a damn good
idea of what's going on."

If there's anyone here who's got a better source for
info on rots than six decades' worth of talking with their
victims, you're welcome to chime in. Otherwise, don't
challenge me.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: hunter9
Subject: Conditional interest

For the sake of argument, I'm willing to listen for
now. Any advantage we can get is good.

Carpenter, what can you tell us about rots that we
don't already know? We know that the old stories are
bullshit, that garlic and crosses and running water
might not slow them down. Tell us what will work.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: carpenter169
Subject: Re: Conditional interest

What works? Easy. Fire. Douse them in gasoline,
strike a match and you get roasted vampire. Even the
really old ones can't resist an inferno for long. Sunlight
still works really well, too, though it's hard to puta piece
of Mr. Sun in your back pocket and save it for later.

But that's stupid stuff. Everyone knows it. What
you're really asking me is, "How do I get in position to
use something that works?' You want to know more
than what will kill them. You want to know how to get
into position to make the kill. That's a bit tougher.

Ican tell you, but wantsomething in exchange. think
you've got a good idea of what it is. We'll get to that later.

There are a couple of ways to get near a vampire.
Spot one. Follow it. See how it hunts. Then pretend to
be its food. Of course, that's a risky thing to do, because
there's no guarantee that you'll get your shot in before
you become lunch. Besides, word of that sort of personal
approach gets around, and one of these nights there'll be
an ambush waiting. Do you seriously think you're the
only ones who share information?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Wait a minute

You just said that there's no chance of monsters
working together, and now you're saying they share
information? What are you trying to pull here, Carpen-
ter?

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: How Dense Are You?

Stop being so literal. What I said is that there's no
horde of monsters lining up like cartoon supervillains,
marching in lockstep toward your front door. That
doesn't mean that one rot doesn't talk to another or that
there aren't small organizations or groups. Come to
think of which, you've given me a pretty good place to
start on something.

You know a little bit about me and what | used todo.
I was with a part of a group that was attached to a group
that was connected to a group that, for lack of a better
term, we'll call Unione Siciliano. That's not its real
name, of course, but it'll do for now. The Union and its
partners were a funny bunch. They were murderers.
They were thugs. They were thieves and extortionists
and legbreakers. But they played by their own rules and
they were organized.

That was the key to the whole thing: organization.
Everyone knew what everyone else was good at, and


they stayed out of each other's way. They didn't step on
each other's turf. Even better, when a guy needed
something done that was someone else's area of exper-
tise, he could call the other guy and get the job done.
Extortion? You talked to the boys in Detroit. The
garment industry? That was Luciano's thing. You wanted
someone dead? You called the boys from Brooklyn and
people got dead.

What'sall thishave todo with the dead? That's how
the rots operate, more or less. They have different mobs
or families or whatever you want to call them, and these
things specialize. You step on someone else's specialty
and they rub you out for interfering. They can work
together. They can share info and mutual respect, even
while they're wishing the rest of their kind would
suddenly drop dead. They may not like the other fami-
lies, but they understand them and know where to draw
the line in messing with them. And they know that in
apinch, when it comes to fighting something else, they
can insist that the others help.

What does this mean for you? Trouble. It means that
if you whack some dumbass flashing his fangs on a street
corner, someone from one of the other vampire families
is going to see it or hear about it, no matter what. (How,
you ask? There are scads of ways. Some of them can talk
topigeons' for Christ'ssake. Have you ever been outdoors
and not seen a pigeon?) They'll hang onto that informa-
tion and maybe trade it for something else useful, but
sooner or later word will get around, especially if you
make a nuisance of yourself. Be warned. It will happen.

Mind you, not every vampire is part of this cartel.
Some are lone wolves. Others are small-time solo opera-
tors. Those you can pretty much pick off without any
repercussions. But way too many rots work with friends
and family, and they'll pay a pretty penny for your head
ona stick if you dispose of Cousin Vlad.

The bright side to all of this is that the bloodsuck-
ers aren't half as cohesive as my old bosses were. The
city dons have to deal with underbosses because most
of the time you have multiple families in the same
city. That means you get tension. Where you get
tension between vampires, you get opportunities. If
you have two families of rots going at it, you can pick
off few from either side during the chaos and no one
will be the wiser.

But we've got what looks like a contradiction in
terms. On one hand, you have this big syndicate of rots.
On the other, I'm telling you they're always fighting.
Am I talking out my ass? Not at all. The vampires close
ranks to protect the overall operation. That means
killing anyone and doing anything to prevent people
from finding out about them. That means making sure
that they don't break the big rules of their little club.

That means standing shoulder to shoulder as long as

there's a threat to the whole busines

But night to night, when it looks like things are
going well in general, the cracks show. Don't forget that
these guys live forever. Some of them have been vam-
pires hundreds of years or longer. It's entirely possible
that some of them have been pissed at others for the
whole damn time. So if they can whack one another
without getting caught or without putting the operation
as a whole at risk, they do it. Hell, they'll do it in a
heartbeat if they think they can get away with it. Again,
this is good for you to a certain extent. It means
bloodsuckers' defenses are chipped away constantly. It
also means they're expecting trouble from their own
kind, not from you.

All this has a few repercussions. Shogun was right.
The vampires you see in the clubs or the hoods or
wherever are generally bagmen at best. They're errand
runners and cheap punks there to patrol territory and
make sure everyone knows who the neighborhood really
belongs to. The vampires with real power are all in the
ritzy part of town, hidden. Some of them even pretend to
be alive, if you can believe that. The sheer gall of them.

Anyway, it'snot that the ones in power are afraid of the
punks. But they know that ifthey keep a public presence the
punks will keep on trying to whack them, and that some
dumbass vampire will get lucky sooner or later. Of course,
the punks they're afraid of are 300 years old and answer to
names like "Corneleus" and "Lucien," as opposed to "Pitts-
burgh Phil" and "Fats Twist," but the principle is the same.
So forget the upper guys, at least for now. You'll never get to
them. Not with your current approach.

Even if you can't get them, though, it's worth
knowing what they really are. Are they a government
conspiracy? No. Most of them are older than the gov-
ernment. And if you can't wrap your head around that,
you're dead meat. Remember, they're vampires. They
are forall intents and purposes, immortal. They've lived
a very long time and they plan in the very long term.
Unless you've got discipline, you'll get sloppy after a
week ora month ora year of hunting. A year is nothing
to them. They'll wait as long as they have to because
you'll make a slip before they do. That also means that
if you're too much of a pain in the ass, they can beat you
by outliving you — or by dumping your grandson's
corpse on your doorstep in forty years. If you're not
willing to face up to that kind of fight, get out now,
because that's how the old ones play it.

Mostly, though, the old ones hide and hide deep.
They've got layers upon layers of protection, spun so
thick that you'll suffocate in it. An old vampire has
dozens if not more people between you and him at all
times. Some defenses are subtle — they have people in


Fe aspapers who plant articles pairiting you as a crazy, or
they have fingers in the electric company so your juice
gets shut off just in time for you to get a "visit." Some
defenses are less subtle —a lot of them have cops in their
feckets who come by, hassle you, throw you in the joint
ortake you for a ride. And some defenses aren't subtle at
all—they have young vampires who want to curry favor
Mf the boss; or things that aré mostly human but not
quite any more, and all of them can kick your ass.

All of these guys are dedicated, powerful and ready
todo whatever's necessary to make their bosses happy.
Half the time you can't see them until it's too late.
Think about it: guys working for vampires who have
some of the same powers that vampires do, but who can
walk around in daylight and function like any other Joe.
I think they're called puppets on this list, which is
actually pretty astute. However, I suspect that a lot of
the chest-thumping you guys are doing about killing
vampires is misplaced. Five bucks says you've been
wasting puppets instead.

Puppets are easy for bloodsuckers to make — pretty
much anyone can become one with the proper encour-
agement, or so I'm told —and vampires like using them
as errand boys. Need an enemy beaten up during the
day? Send a bunch of puppets. Need someone trustwor-
thyin city government? Get a puppet who's loyal to you
elected. Need to deal with that pesky asshole who goes
around swinging a hockey stick? Make a bunch of
bruisers into puppets and send them off to deal with
him. Is this starting to sink in?

No vampire worth his salt ever shows himself if he
can send someone else to do his dirty work. You'll run
into ten times as many puppets as you will rots, guaran-
teed. Puppets are cheap and easy and above all
expendable. My guess is that most of them think they're
inline for the big fang promotion, which is why they put
upwith all the crap the vampires make them deal with

Here's an easy way to tell if you've killed a vampire
ora puppet: If it bleeds in time with a heartbeat, it's a
puppet. If the blood just leaks out, it's a vampire. If it's
around during daytime, it's probably a pawn. If its
breath steams in winter, it's probably a puppet. (I
haven't seen too many vampires get wise to that. You'd
think they'd learn by now.) If it looks at a pretty girl or
a good looking guy involuntarily, it's probably alive
enough to be a puppet. Pawns show up a lot better
through night vision goggles and other stuff that de-
pends on IR, because they're at normal human body
temperature and rots are at room temperature. Most
importantly, though, puppets have normal human reac-
tions to surprises and emotions. You can shake them.
You can make them cry, and they won't cry tears of
blood. Short of taking the guy's pulse, the best way to

tell if someone isa rot or a puppet is to try to get that sort
of reaction out of him. It's a dead giveaway. (That being
said, vampires generally look pale at the best of times,
washed out at the worst. Puppets just look like people
who haven't been getting enough sleep.)

Incidentally, there's one other problem to fighting
the goons that a vampire sends after you. They're still
alive, which means that if you kill them, you're on the
hook for murder. Don't think that bloodsuckers don't
know this. If you turn into a big enough pain, they'll
gladly sacrifice a puppet or two to get you. After all,
pawns are only human and thus replaceable.

Scared yet? You should be. It gets worse.

They've spent years hiding their money behind
dummy corporations and holding firms. They've got
thousands in favors accumulated with city politicians
who don't want to know who's funding the campaign.
And the best partis, half the people who work for them
don't even know it. They're just doing their jobs and
incidentally carry out the agenda of the local blood-
sucking fossil. If you take the direct approach of going
after an old vampire, you'll get tangled in the web its
woven. So much for the old ones.

Their underlings can be touched. Why? Because all
the underlings want to be the next big boss, and that
means they take chances. They want the really big dons
to notice them, so they have to make names for them-
selves. That means they expose themselves, either trying
to build up their own organizations or bucking for promo-
tions in the ones thatalready exist. (There'snoretirement
plan for vampires, so you can guess what competition is
like up the ladder.) If you're lucky, you can find one of
these young bucks making a play and latch onto him.
Sooner or later, he'll lead you to the people who give him
orders, and that gets you past all of the bullshit.

One thing I do recommend is never ever make a
deal with one of these things. Why? Vampires are
incapable of doing anything altruistic. Sure, they'll
offer to set up one of their kind because "he's such a
menace" or whatever. But that's all crap. He's feeding
one of his enemies to you to get rid of the guy. Ifit fails,
you're dead and he's clear. If it succeeds, you've taken
care of his business. Before long, he'll have another
name for you, and another. You'll go along, merrily
cleaning up his messes until the night he decides he's
done with you. At that point, he'll feed you a lead that
sends you right into a meat grinder.

If you're approached by a vampire for that sort of
thing, and you're stupid enough to take him up on it,
be ready to turn on him. He may offer you the moon.
He may talk about how his conscience torments him
and he wants to help you root out the real monsters.
None of that matters. Sooner or later, self-interest is

aS]

CHAPYER4:SPEAKINGILLOF Y HEDEAD


HUNTER: THE WALKING DERD

going to force him to turn on you. What do you think
happens toa vampire whose buddies catch him hang-
ing out with the likes of you? If he's lucky, they just
kill him. Ifnot, they use the fact that he consorts with
the enemy to lean on him, and he can only take so
much of that. He'll either sic you on the people
leaning on him, or he'll take you out to remove their
leverage. Either way, you're the one left holding the
bag. So be prepared to turn on your "ally" at a
moment's notice. Watch for the signs. Do his tips get
more frequent? Do the rots you go after get tougher
and tougher? Does your contact look harried or does
he run late for meetings? Odds are he's got a
nightcrawling monkey on his back.

Christ, my fingers hurt. I'm going to take a break.
Consider your questions carefully. I'll answer them ina
day ortwo. In the meantime, I've got an old flame I want
to visit. I'll bet she hasn't changed a bit.

Fattour

From: howitzerl 14

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Well don't that beat all?

So now he's telling us that vampires work like the
mob! Do they all have names like "Vinny ‘the Blood-
sucker' Torricelli?" Is that the deal? Are we going to start
finding little piles of ashes in Hefty bags in people's
trunks?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: hunter?
Subject: Enough

I wish you wouldn't go out of your way to piss him
off, Howitzer. | actually found that interesting. I've sort
of suspected something similar for a while, namely that
there is some sort of consortium or hierarchy of vam-
pires where | operate. I've noticed that certain rots stick
tocertain areas and avoid others. A guy I'll call "Bruno"
almost never leaves the meat-packing district, while
another called "Clarice" spends all her time over at
State. There are only a few districts, mostly shopping or
entertainment, where I ever see more than one at a
time. If vampires do have some sort of system of "terri-
tories" and "responsibilities," it goes a long way toward
explaining what I've seen.

However, now that I think about it, that all might be
extraordinarily bad. If vampires are that organized, they
can bring that organization to bear on a perceived threat.
We look to be the best candidate, nearas | can tell, though
I honestly have no idea what else might be out there.

If that's the case, we might want to consider more
active cooperation here, simply to prepare for the inevi-
table response.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

Frot

mojo20

Subject: the connection

Tam telling you they are a brnch of the govt that has
known about them for years monitering comunicatins
FBI does dirty work covering up disappearances in cities
100000 people go mising each yeer why do we not hear
about it??? Becase the govt is feeding them to its vampire
friends&someday soon they come fer US!!!

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213

Subject: Your brain's short a connection

Christ, Mojo, couldn't they make you the next one
to disappear? Take your MKULTRA paranoid bullshit
fantasies and learn to spell for God's sake. If there is any
connection between the US Government, which |
freely admit has its own brand of bloodsucking monster,
and the asshole I capped the other night who hada bone
through his nose, seven earrings and this fucked-up
Celtic bullshit tattoo on his face, then I'll call you "sit."
Most of these punks are just that, punks. They're not
jackbooted ATF thugs knockin' on your door. and they
aren't Men in Black coming to take you away for
knowing too much. They're punks who do punk things,
and who deserve to die for it.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: I don't like the sound of that

Carpenter, this is an open warning. I know where
you are and who you're going to see. I'm not going to let
you lay a finger on her. I can find her and I'll be waiting
there for you if I need to be.

Do we have an understanding?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: carpenter1 69

Subject: "Voice Recognition Software" is nice

My oh my, I can feel the love. Let's tackle old
business before we get onto new.

1. 1 never said they were mobsters, though I've
actually seen a few old business associates who' ve crossed
over to the other side. Abe Reles is still kicking around,
and that should be enough to scare the crap out of
anyone with a sense of history. No, I just said they were
organized a lot like the old syndicate was/is, with the
same strengths and weaknesses. It's an operation model
you can use in planning. Nothing more. Hell, I didn't
even say they were all tied into one big operation. Near
as I can tell, there are at least two duking it out for
control right now, with a few on the side. (More on one
of those in a bit, when I tell you how my visit went.
Cabbie, I can tell you're breathless with anticipation.)


2. They are not the government. They're more dan-
gerous than the government because they're actually good
at getting stuff done. Pm sure the US Government is
behind some of those disappearances, and covers up some
of the rest. But here's a notion for you: Most of it is just
people doing rotten things. Creatures like me don't come
‘out of nowhere. We come from all the mean and hateful
and vicious people out there. You don't need us as an
excuse to murder or rape or torture. You do it happily
without anyone's say so. Sure, monsters make it worse or
more extreme, but people like me are really just extreme
versions of people like you. Without all the sheer crap in
the human soul, we wouldn't exist. We wouldn't need to.

Consider that before you mouth off about "monsters."

3. Yes, they're organized and they react to organized
threats well. That's a good call, Hunter. It's nice to see
someone on the stick. But don't go buying canned food
and ammunition for the anti-vampire bunker just yet.
You're not a big threat to them. How many of you are
there? A couple hundred here, half of whom are dead?
Maybe a few thousand more who haven' t found this place
because they don't have Internet access up in the moun-
tains of Peru? Yeah, you've got something big on your
side, but don't forget what you're up against. The other
sidewas there when Rome fell. They were there watching
Columbus head west, and George Washington paddle to
Jersey. They're old and they think in big terms. You're
going to have to do a lot more than whack streetcorner
Johnnies to make them think you're a threat.

Hell, those who've discovered you probably think
you're useful. You're weeding out the stupid onesand making
asmarter breed of monster. Besides, they've got bigger fish
toftythanyou. AsI said, itlookslike there are two operations
duking it out, and it's getting ugly. Fortunately, my concerns
are mainly with one of the smaller families.

(Have I mentioned how much | love this "voice
recognition software" thing that a "friend" got for me? Just
my luck to steal a body with two lousy wrists from typing.)

But let's get back down to brass tacks. Howitzer,
stop your bitching about what I'm giving you. What do
you want? Names, addresses and phone numbers? Screw
you. Do your own legwork. Back in the day, I was lucky
toget the target's house pointed out to me, and maybe
acrash car to run interference.

Speaking of that, let's get back to specifics and the
vampire families. In my day, a "family" was just a name,
away to get you thinking about the organization so that
youfelt like you were part of it. Sure, you had a few sons
and cousins and whatnot of the boss sprinkled around,
butit was a business and the "family" was a polite fiction.

It isn't like that with bloodsuckers. [tis a family with
them, more or less. That's not to say you've got the

CHAPYERA:

Momma vampire and the Poppa vampire and little baby
vampires, or even that you can do a flow chart of "Who
Bit Whom." No, they're all similar in the ways you see
members of the same family being similar. Mannerisms,
philosophy, stunts they can pull — all similar. Just
knowing that should give you an edge. See if you can spot
patterns and then extrapolate. The really ugly vampires
are a great place to start, because you can always pick
them out of a crowd. Most of the ones I've seen can talk
to rats and disappear. Most of them like to live in sewers.
Most of the ones I've seen hate beautiful people. With
the other families, it's more subtle, but it's there. Are
these absolutes? God, no. But there are trends that tell
you which way the frog is going to hop. And if youcan get
asense of what's coming, you can anticipate and hit back.

Tie Price

Now let's take a minute and focus on what I want.
My beef is with a branch off one of the independent
families, which is a good thing, relatively speaking. One
of these things is scary. A cartel of a half-dozen or so is
terrifying. The ones I want make a great case study for
what I've taught you. They're here in Chicago and they
operate like a family. Hell, from what I can see the few
of them here even look related.

Watch them long enough and you see that they've
got certain other things in common, too. They're all
cautious as hell. They all surround themselves with a
ton of bodyguards. They're very, very careful about
making sure there are layers of protection between
them and the public. And they all like screwing around
in morgues or otherwise messing with ghosts, in addi-
tion to their "legitimate" business interests.

From that, you should be able to put together plans
of action, and decide what you might be up against.
They could have spirits at their disposal, or thugs or cops
who can be iced. And they have assets that can be
attacked to draw them out.

That's my challenge to you all: I've given you
something to start with. Let's see what you do with it.

Oh, and Cabbie? I spent the day at Wrigley. I've
missed the old girl something terrible. I'm not about to
lay a single one of my fingers on the lovely Ms. Sforza.
Don't try to anticipate me. You won't
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Fuck you

You know, Carpenter, I'm really starting to hate you.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Re: Fuck you
Good.

PEAKINGILLOF Y HEDEAD



Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man

are never satisfied.
— Proverbs 27:20

Tur INFERNO

Subject: Bad things in Thessaly
From: oracle171
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Whatever other crimes Ichmail may be guilty of, he
didn'tlie when he told us terrible events had taken place
in Greece. As soon as I finished reading his messages
and printing out his maps, I booked a flight to Athens
and reserved a rental car. I waited until I arrived before
buying camping gear, flashlights and lots of batteries. As
youall know, there is no darkness to withstand the light.

The drive from the coast is pleasant enough, but as
the mountains towered around the road, I began to feel
like I was traveling to the oldest place on Earth, almost
like l was moving back in time, even though that ability
isnot yet available to me.

Afterresting overnight in Kalambaka, I drove again
until ran out of road, and then set out on foot. It was
as if that part of the world had been forgotten by God,
and its meager population only reinforced the feeling.
Even before I left the mountain road behind, I passed no
more cars than I could count on one hand.

Early on, I came across a sign of worse things ahead.
Maybe three hours walk into the forest, I found an
abandoned campsite. It had a dry-rotted tent and some
shredded sleeping bags stained with blood. Otherwise,
there was no sign of life nearby. I poked around one of
the sleeping bags and found the first joint ofa fingerbone
caught in the stuffing. If people had been inside the
sleeping bags, they must have died suddenly, so why just
the one bone? Could animals have carried off the rest?
That didn't strike me as likely. I felt the sensation I've
come to know as the Angel within folding its wings. I
knew I was right without having the whole story.

Another hour ahead, the path just stopped. 1
began using my hatchet on the fir trees to mark my
trail. Some time after that, | was surprised to notice
that I might be traveling in a circle. I certainly was
seeing my own mark, since I was carving our symbol for
danger, and the mark | saw was freshly made. I won-
dered if it could have been made by a "future" me who
could slip outside time, but that seemed less likely.
When I came upon the mark a third time, I was sure
that | was retracing my steps, so I thought that the
woods might be tainted somehow. I had been using the


HUNYER: THE WALKING DEAD

sight since finding the campground, but whatever sent
me astray seemed to defy even that. "Show me the
way," I whispered. The sunlight hitting the floor of the
forest changed and my path was made clear.

It was nearly dark when I saw the first of them. It
walked alone. Its clothes were so tattered that it was
hard to tell whether it had been male or female in life,
and what remained of its body didn't help. However, its
withered hands made me think of one explanation for
the fingerbone in the sleeping bag. I made myself
unseeable and pressed ahead. I wasn't sure whether my
shining path would last past nightfall.

Soon enough, | saw that the path would not last.
Worse, by night the forest was full of the lost. Like the
first one I'd seen, they moved slowly. Hidden as I was, I
avoided them easily. I settled next to a boulder and
watched and listened while they moved about in the
dark. At one point, two of the dead things came to
blows. Eventually they tore each other limb from limb.
Under my breath, I thanked the Angel within for its
guidance and prayed for it to deliver me safely to my
journey's end.

The lost there did not act not like others I have
seen. These were many in number, but each one walked
by itself. It was hard to tell just how many stalked the
woods, but it got so bad that I could always see or hear

at least one moving about, and whenever they came
together, they fought terribly.

I thought for a long time about whether to stay
near the boulder or to turn on a flashlight and try to
move forward again. I'm not ashamed to admit that]
was afraid of attracting the dead things' attention. |
knew the divine light would protect me, but I was sure
it would also call the lost to me like moths to flame,
with similar consequences. I wasn't ready to go that
far, even though the creatures in the forest seemed
violent beyond reason. What I truly feared was fully
unleashing the Angel within.

Hours passed as I watched the lost stagger about.
At first my fears of what they might do to me, and of
what I might have to do to them, kept me wide awake.
Eventually, though, the day's hike compounded with
squatting still and quiet for so long dragged me toward
sleep. The worst moment came when I saw bloody
hands coming at me from the darkness. I screamed and
woke, and was relieved to realize I'd been dreaming.
That didn't diminish my danger, though, as I realized
I could have been killed in my sleep or my cry might
have betrayed my presence. Fortunately the woods
were less active than they had been. Dawn approached
and even the half-light seemed to discourage the dead
from showing themselves.


When light pierced to the forest floor again, I knew
itwas time to move. I asked the Angel within to light
my way once more. I considered marking more trees to
be sure I wouldn't wander the forest indefinitely, but
knew all I needed to do was trust in the Guardian.
Thinking of trees, though, |remembered another dream
Id had in the night, something involving a different
tree, one much larger than the evergreens I had been
using my hatchet on. And a snake, there was a snake in.
the tree | dreamed about. I couldn't recall any more
details than those at first.

I was still trying to salvage details of the dream
when I suddenly found myself at what had to be my
destination. The woods ended abruptly, maybe fifty
yards short of an ornate iron fence. Beyond the fence
were the remains of a good-sized mansion in the Greek
white-masonry-and-slate style. What dominated the
ruins of the house —and what held my attention —was
a familiar massive oak. It appeared to have grown
somewhere inside the building until it had smashed
down walls and poked out windows. The tree had taken
over so thoroughly that, from some angles, it was diffi-
cult to tell that there ever was a house.

Ikept to the trees while I searched for an entrance.
Eventually, I found a large, closed gate. The gate was
locked. Its metalwork depicted human figures and
seemed to tell a story involving a man, a woman and
asnake. At one point, the snake was shown biting the
woman on the foot, so I didn't think it was about Eden.
The man followed the woman's... soul? ghost? to a
cave made of other souls or spirits. I was admiring the
beauty of the work when I realized the "cave" hid a
door-sized gate within the larger one. I pushed at it and
it opened. I stepped through and headed toward the
main entrance of the building — or at least what was
left of it. There was more ironwork here, but it was
smashed as if something large and powerful had left
the house in a hurry.

Inside, it looked as if fire, rather than the tree, had
damaged the house. I had to step over burned and
collapsed timbers and scorched bits of roof. Instead of
aceiling or a roof overhead, there was a canopy of oak
limbs that let in little of the gray morning light. Glass
and cinders crunched underfoot. Concerned that I was
announcing myself to anyone or anything that might
be there, I made myself unseeable again. And just in
time. As I asked the Angel within to cloak me in its
light, one of the lost stepped into my path and just
stood, as if waiting.

Itwas hard to look at, even compared to the other
dead things I'd come across. Its jaw had been torn
away, There was a ragged crater where its eyes should
have been, as if the person's brain had exploded. It still

CHAPTERS: DESCENT INYO DEATH

had ears, though, grotesquely prominent ones, and its
top row of teeth. I remained as still as it did for a
moment. Could it hear me, find me by any noise I
made, despite my being hidden? For what seemed a
long time, nothing breathed in the room. I was about
to reach into my pack for a flashlight when the dead
thing turned and left the corridor the same way it had
come. | stayed frozen in place. Finally, I took a long
breath and a slow step forward. Even the least sound
seemed like a shout to me then, as tiny bits of stuff
turned to powder under my foot.

Another step and another long pause later, and
knew I couldn't do it this way. I felt like I was betraying
the Angel, the Mission and myself as | abandoned
patience, unzipped my knapsack, pulled out a large
flashlight and began to run.

At the end of the hallway was a pile of rubble,
which I began clawing my way up. Thinking I'd feel
cold hands at my throat any minute, | was up it and
tumbling down the other side quicker than I expected.
I took outa second flashlight, turned it on and listened
for sounds of pursuit. Once my heart slowed, I turned
my attention on the space around me. I could pick out
the remains of a stairway and, in spots, patches of
earth, some covered with toadstools. I thought the
area must have been a huge open courtyard at one
time, but the branches overhead made it gloomy
enough to be a basement, in spite of the daylight. On.
the far side of the courtyard, the structure appeared to
have collapsed completely and left a black chasm that
my flashlights couldn't pierce.

With something close to shock, | realized the dark
gap I was facing wasn't open space. It was the trunk of
the oak tree.

My heart raced again. Out in the forest, it had
dawned on me how fearsome a power lay in the Angel's
light unleashed, a pure, unrelenting force to wash away
even the greatest evil. Yet I resisted setting that power
free on the violent dead in the woods because there
seemed to be something of us in their struggles. Why did
they fight each other? Did they understand why them-
selves? What if only one of them killed the campers in
the woods, and the others wanted to stop him from
killing again? What if | was wrong and none of them
were responsible for the violence that had occurred?

Out in the forest, all these doubts, all these ques-
tions made me restrain the Angel within. Here, in the
presence of this tree, I felt no such doubts, no such
qualms. In my bones, | felt I was in the presence of evil
itself. Here, I knew, was where the Angel's glory was
meant to shine most brightly.

Iraised my flashlights and began to walk toward
the tree. I had covered maybe half the space when I


heard sounds all around me. | turned and saw them,
dozens of the lost, a ring of them closing in on me.
This time, I didn't hesitate, I just said, "See the
light." I spun in place and watched dead flesh burn
away from bone, and bone burn to ash. More of the
dead replaced the fallen, and I burned them, too. All
I could think was, IfI die here, who will reveal the truth
of this place?

It seemed that I had destroyed more of the lost
than I'd seen since being chosen, but they were still
coming. I had to retreat toward the tree, where I had
intended to go from the beginning. The last thing I
remember of the house is backing away froma skeletal
hand as an advancing dead thing tried to shield itself
from the Angel's glory.

And then I was running through a cave of some
kind. Ahead of me, more dead things — disembodied
ones now, all of them twisted beyond belief — fled
before me and vanished into the walls or down side
passageways. I felt fear greater than anything I'd ever
known, so it took a moment for me to question where I
was and how I had gotten there. My body ached and I
was so thirsty that it hurt to breathe, but more than
anything I wanted to see daylight again. In the dark
ahead of me was a patch of brightness and I prayed for
it to be a way out.

When I was close enough to the opening to see
clouds in the sky, I realized I was being followed. I turned
and saw the dead thing with the exploded head. I
screamed and raised both flashlights at it. Where the
light touched it, the thing's exterior blackened in-
stantly. Smoldering, it fell backward. I turned again and
ran for daylight.

1 stepped out of the cave and found myself on a
hillside atop a jumble of rocks. | moved a few hundred
feet away from the cave's mouth before I began to
fumble for my canteen. As I drank, I tried to recall
how I had wound up underground and what had
happened inside the house. I also wondered where on
earth I was —and when. Had I finally learned to walk
outside time the way the Angel does, but been unable
to perceive the experience? If so, had I stepped back
to the time before I reached the house? If I walked
into the surrounding forest, would I see myself on my
way in?

While I pondered these questions, I also felt a
pang of regret: I had attacked the (mostly) headless
thing without hesitation, though it gave no sign
that it might attack me. It disturbed me that I had
set loose the Angel out of fear and horror, more
than for any good reason. It hadn't even raised a
hand at me.


All these thoughts and doubts were pushed aside
when I heard what sounded like a large truck not far
away. I ran toward what I hoped might be a road. I was
relieved to know I hadn't somehow stumbled into some
remote past, but was a little disappointed at my progress
along the Angel's path, too.

I found the road easily enough. A road sign indi-
cated the kilometers to Kalambaka. I didn't really
notice. I felt confused by all that had happened. I was
frustrated that the true path continued to elude me.
Why wasn't it as plain to me as the road? Was I a poor
vessel for the Angel's glory? Did some imperfection in
me diffuse its light? Had I failed some crucial test at the
mouth of the cave?

The first vehicle to come along was a car contain-
ingacouple and their teenage son. They were headed
from Kalambaka into the mountains, so | rode with
them to my rental car. When they told me they
intended to camp out there that weekend, I had to lie
and say there was a bear loose in the woods. They
looked at me strangely and asked if I was sure, said
that they had never heard of bears in the Pindus
region. I said that it had escaped from a zoo transport
and that I was helping to track itand that they should
spend a nice weekend at home. They seemed to
accept that. I hate lies. As useful as they can be to

protect people, lies still poison the world and change
the way people see it.

After they turned around and left, I drove back to
Kalambaka. I type this message the morning after. And
while I've been composing it, I've made my decision:
Whatever evil is under way at the site of the Orphic
headquarters must be stopped, but I don't think I cando
it alone. Obviously, the Angel is displeased with me for
my slow progress. Perhaps it knows I can't succeed alone
and it wants me to join forces with other chosen. Even
writing those words makes me feel better. So that must
be the way.

Here is what I propose: | will stay in Kalambaka to
await anyone who cares to join me. I'll put messages in
the Angel's language on the town kiosk so you can find
me. I will also post a call on our internet help wanted
list. I can stay here only as long as my money (ample)
and my tourist visa (good for most of the next three
months) holds out. Contact me as soon as possible.
Then we can go to the heart of darkness together and let
our light shine forth in holy triumph.

Subje Bad things in Thessaly
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Is it just me or does anybody else get a bad feeling
from this message? And I don'tmean about this whacked-
out enchanted forest full of rots, but about Oracle
herself and her story? What's this slipping in and out of
time business? And the gap in her story?

Lady, it sounds to me like you need to get help.



CHAPTER 6: TIES 10 THE DEAD

And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the
residue of them that remain of this evil famil:

— Jeremiah 8:3

A Worcp of Horrors

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: azrael256
Subject: Stay out of Chinatown.

Consider this an open warning to everyone. Y'all
want to stay away from Chinatown if there's one in your
city. I don't know if the hell that's breaking loose here
is breaking loose everywhere, but I'm damn lucky to
have gotten out with my skin. Take it from me, you're
not ready to go in there if you're planning on walking
‘out under your own power.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Details would be appreciated

Okay, so there's bad craziness going on in Chinatown
where you live. What exactly makes you think it's
anything more than a local problem? Spill the beans.
Subject: Scary Monsters
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Why Chinatown in particular? This smells like
some sort of "Yellow Peril" baiting bullshit.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: azrael256
Subject: Fuck the Bok Choy

You don't give a guy an inch, do you? Let me tell you the

wholestory and youcan decide ifI've got any ulterior motives.

There's an Asian market that I go to on the edge of
Chinatown. My reasons are innocent enough, though they
havenothingto do with our purpose. I'sareal hole inthe wall
kindofplace from the outside, butonce you get inside it'sgreat.

T've been going there foryearsand I went again recently.

Iwalked in and stepped on something that crunched.
I looked down and saw this little green statue — well, its
body andhead. Ibentdown to pick them up and apologize
to Liu, the woman who owns the place, I think. But she
wasn't at her regular place behind the counter. Instead,
there was a guy I'd never seen before. He hada sharp suit
on, all black — not the usual counter help. He looked
daggers at me for breaking the figure, raised his arms and
shouted something in Chinese. I have no idea what he
said, but the idea was clear enough: Get the hell out.

Idiot that I am, I wanted to apologize to someone for
breaking the statue, and maybe to pay for it. also wanted
to know what happened to Liu. It just didn't smell right.
So I took a look at this guy, I mean I really looked at him,
and he had this real faint haze. It's not like he was a
monster, but like he was tied to one somehow. I guess
something like you describe puppets having. His color
was weird, too. The harder I looked, the more it changed.
There was yellow and red and a few colors I'm not sure of.

The guy couldn't know what I was looking at, but
['msure I looked suspicious at that point. Maybe he was
hiding something. I don't know. What I do know is that
he came around the counter, straight at me, like he was
going to throw me out.


I backed toward the door with my hands out the
whole way, trying tocalm him down. That's when I heard
the voice. It came from the back storeroom, past the
swinging plastic door that I'd never seen anyone pass
through. It was the most terrifying thing I'd ever heard.
Not "evil" or twisted or painful. It was this high-pitched
woman's voice, like nails on a chalkboard. It seemed to
have the same effect on this guy: He stopped in his tracks.

I don't know what she said. It couldn't have been
more than two sentences. But when she finished, the
guy turns back to me and says in English that he's sorry
for the inconvenience, the store is closed and that he
forgot to post the sign. There was no charge for the
statue, that it was his fault for not picking it up. How-
ever, the owners would appreciate if I left it behind.

Through all this, I just knew that whatever was in the
backroom was watching. Ifldid the wrong thing, I'd getalook
atit,and] didn't wantto see what could have made thatsound.

Iwent to hand back the figurine and got a good look
atit. Ithad that same sort of weird tinge to it that the guy
had. I was shocked. I'd never found the sight to work on
objects before. | dropped it in surprise. The guy cursed
something while I ran out. I could hear things breaking
behind me, like the guy was having a fit. Maybe that
little statue was more important than I thought.

My car was parked down the block, andI ran like hell.
That's when | heard the jingle of the door, and the guy in
the suit was after me. Somehow, I knew if he caught me,
I'd be dragged back into the store to meet that thing.
Maybe she — it — had figured out I was one of us. Maybe
it was just hungry. I've faced some monsters before and
come out okay, but that thing scared the shit out of me.

I knew pretty quick that ] wasn't going to make it. He was
coming up fast, so I stopped short, ready to fight. He was
reaching into his coat for a gun. Better that than seeing that
woman, | figured. I didn't have to deal with either, though —
and this is when the shit really hit the fan, if you can believe
that. A car tore around the comer, with two guys with guys
leaning out the windows. One of them yelled something and
the Chinese guy turned from me. I dove for cover.

Allthe windows around me were shotto shit. There were
bullets and glass everywhere. The guy in the suit spun around
bleeding. The buildings lining the street seemed to spring to
life as shots were fired from windows and maybe rooftops,
riddling the car. The drive-by guys fired back randomly.

Despite all the chaos, my sight was still on and I saw
the guys in the car. The ones shooting seemed to be
things. The driver looked normal. But who cares? Why
were they gunning down people in the middle of
Chinatown? Why were all kinds of shooters just waiting
for an attack? All I can guess is that the monsters in the
car were trying to send a message to that thing in the
storeroom, but it delivered a message of its own: "War!"

My car was just outside the war zone. When things
slowed down, I scrambled across the sidewalk and pulled
open the passenger door. There were a few bullet holes
and broken glass, but I just wanted out of there. I started
the engine with my head down all the while, till I
glanced in the rearview mirror.

I knew instantly that I was looking at the creature
that had been in the storeroom. I guess it had come out
to inspect the damage. I wanted to floor it, but couldn't.
I was stuck to the spot. All I could do was watch.

I mean, it didn't look like a monster. It was this tiny
little Chinese woman, with a wasp waist and a bob
haircut, in traditional clothing, I guess. She looked left
and right, and then looked right at me and nodded.

It was electric. There was something there, some-
thing I never would have expected. For a second, it
almost felt like kinship. Then the badness flooded in
and the feeling was gone. She smiled and opened her
mouth, and a swarm of locusts or flies or bees or some
shit came out! The cloud circled around her once then
shot right at me. That's when I finally hit the gas.

Needless to say, I'm not going back to that market
again. I don't know what that woman was. I don't know
how she did that thing with the bugs. don't want to know.
mean, you'd think anything rot hates has to be someone
you'd want to talk to. Noway. That woman scared the crap
‘out of me and I never want to see her again. If there's a war
between monsters brewing on the streets of Chinatown,
the best thing any of us can do is stay out of the way and let
them beat the shit out of each other.

Sorry I don't have more details, but I'm lucky I got
out alive.

From: howitzerl 14
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Rocket (Launcher) Science

Sounds to me like you got caught in a turf war
between two kinds of critters. You did the smart thing
by getting out of there.

I suggest you proceed with the following:

1. Give that area a wide berth for several months.

2. Relocate if you can. You were there when some-
one went down. Someone had to see you. If they saw
you, they'll come looking for you.

3. Reconsider the whole scene: Did you get away or
did they let you go?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Connection

There's something that troubles me in all of this.
Azrael, yousaid you felt some sort of "connection" with the
monster who came out of the store. I've been doing this for
awhile. I've seena lot of things. I've neverfelt anything like


that. Are you sure it wasn't using some sort of trick on you
tomake you feel that way? Maybe so you wouldn't run?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: azrael256

Subject: Quite Certain

Let me see if I can say this right. I haven't faced any
monsters on their own turf, but the moment that thing and
Ilocked eyes didn't feel like anythingplanned. I got this very
weird feeling that she was as surprised as I was. There was a
moment when she was, I don't know, I guess "unguarded" is
thebestterm forit. That's the best way to describe what | felt,
atleast. Then the walls went back up and I got out of there.

I don't think creatures like that enjoy unguarded
moments. I didn't.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
sender unidentified)
Subject: Beware

Ichmail here.

Such creatures donot, in fact, take kindly tounguarded
moments, Azrael. Their existence is defined by rigid self-
control. Any moment when that iron discipline slips, even
for the barest sliver of a second, isamoment when they can
be overwhelmed by madness or terror. Anyone who can
induce a moment of that sort is therefore incredibly danger-
oustosuch beings. Ifyou have done so once, the one yousaw
will fear that you can do it again. She most certainly cannot
allow that possibility, for she has many enemies, as you have
leamed. Therefore, youarea threat who must be eliminated.
Their reach is long and their cunning is great.

I fear for your life, Azrael.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: azrael256
Subject: Overreaction?

I realize that it's better to be safe than sorry, but I
think people (and Ichmail) are overreacting. Look, what-
ever I saw has its hands full. If there's that much going on
inher turf, I don't think she's going to worry about me.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: rigger 11
Subject: Wishful Thinking

Keep telling yourself that and you'll be able to sleep
nights. Well, the next few nights until whatever that
was comes for you.

Turf Wars

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Enlightenment

I think I''d take Ichmail's warning on this one,
Azrael. A little bird tells me he's got very very good
information on this sort of thing.

So how about it, "Ichmail"? Are you going to
confess your sins? Or do I have reveal you for a heretic?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: (sender unidentified)

Subject: Re: Enlightenment

You must have been here earlier, Carpenter, when I
shared the details of my new existence and confessed my
unhappy state. I'm sure we even found ourselves here by
similar means. I fail to see what more needs to be said.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: The Devil Is in the Details

Iwas really hoping it wouldn't have to come to this.

Allow me to propose a hypothesis: Based on evi-
dence from sources who need not be named (the fewer
people who know about them, the safer they are), I say
that Ichmail knows exactly what Azrael ran into in
Chinatown. He knows whatshe can do, where she came
from and what she wants. He even knows, or has a good
idea, of how to stop her — but he's not sharing.

How does he know? Simple. He knows what she
wants for the best of reasons — they're the same kind.

Inother words, everyone here's been had by Ichmail.
He's not a rot, not in the fashion you know them,
anyway. He's something other and more or less differ-
ent. He may drink blood, but then again, so does a
mosquito and that doesn't make it a vampire.

But before I say more, I need to ask a question of youall.
Bear with me, because it takes a little setup. Ichmail comes
on here and throws himself on the mercy of the court. He
confesses his sins, says he's been a bad little monster and
wants tomake amends. He then proceeds to rat out, err, give
usall of the information we need tofind theso-called Orphic
Circle, which turns out has already been smashed, so none
of the really important details of his story can be corrobo-
rated. We do, however, have everything we need to know
to hunt down and kill monsters like this Ada Pavon or that
half-dead little beast Bratovich. We have everything we
need to get rid of Ichmail's enemies.

Let's say someone out there finds and wipes out every-
one in the Orphic Circle. (In fact, Oracle already seems to
beonit.) I'll tell you what happens: Ichmail getsaclearfield.
Everyone who knew him is eliminated. Suddenly he can
maneuver and nobody knows who or what he is. He drops
off this list — or maybe lurks to keep an eye on what we're
doing — and carves out his own monster turf. He comes to
confessional, reveals his sins and has you all do his penance.
After that, he strolls into a heaven he created for himself.

How can I say such terrible things about Ichmail, you
ask. I'm a suspicious bastard, not to mention a determined
enemy of the human race. It's why I'mstill in one piece. I'm
suspicious of the fact that Ichmail has told everything about
everything, but nothing about himself or his kind. I'm


INVER: THE WALKING DEAD

doubly suspicious, because he doesn't offer any suggestions
onhowtotakedownhisown kind. He might be covering his
own ass, but I look at it as holding out. He wants us to deal
with his problems — but not be able to deal with him.

That worries me. It should worry you, too.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: What Do You Mean We?

Carpenter, we've already conclusively established
that there is no "we" here, as far as you're concerned.

You're a monster. You are not one of us. The powers
that be may have seen fit to allow you to find us, but that
doesn't mean I have to like it and that doesn't mean I
have to put up with your bullshit for one second longer
than is absolutely necessary. Ifyou have something useful
tosay, say it. Ifnot, shut up. I don't like Ichmail, but I like
him a whole lot more than I like you. At least he didn't
bullshit us about being human. Now you, you've given us
a snow job since minute one, and I've had it. You're
against Ichmail? That puts me in his corner.

And now that | think of it, why are you so fired up to
pitusagainst him? Whatare you hiding this time? So help
me God, you better come clean on this or I'll do every-
thing | can tofind your dead assand put you in the ground.
From: howitzer114
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: What Do You Mean We?

I may be reading too much into this, but I can only
think ofone reason for Carpenter's outburst. He's afraid.

Firsy Buood

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject: Semantics

Let's say for the sake of argument that you're right.
Let's say I'm afraid (though I prefer to use the term
"concerned"). Explain to me why exactly you're so
happy about that.

After all, I'm a monster, right? I'm the thing that
makes you wake up screaming. I'm the thing that's going
tokill youif youever turn your back or give mea chance.
You should be afraid of me, and if you aren't, you're a
bigger fool than Gardener ever was.

Now you've stumbled onto something that "scares"
the monster. Let me explain something to you. This
isn't a case of "the enemy of my enemy is my friend."
These things are no friends of yours, mine or anyone
else's. They're alien. They've gone somewhere that
even I have trouble imagining and they've come back,
and that changes you even more than dying does.

Look at it this way: One of the points I kept on trying
to hammer home to you was that ghosts and the walking
dead are still human in some way. They're dead human,

but they're human. You can understand what they're
after because they've still got some of the same hopes,
fears or whatever that you do. Even rots are what's left of
a person's soul when everything good about it corrodes.
You can understand them. You can get a handle on what
they want because it's something that you might want.
Someone's bound to get pissed off at me for saying this,
but on one level you're close to them. You can imagine
yourself in their shoes, and that lets you anticipate what
they might do. It lets you understand them.

These things, the sorts of things that Ichmail is, aren't
like that. Mind you, Ichmail was a monster before he was
dead. I've met some of his victims on the other side. They
had stories to tell that would cost a living man sleep. Most
of those souls were so scarred they just went looking
straight for the Void, and I was happy to send them there.
But that was before he died. Now, he's something else.

The sort of monster that Ichmail is, you see, isn't just
arot oranything so simple. It's a force. It crawls out of the
grave with the stench of Hell on its breath and a love for
murder, and then it gets worse. They're not interested in
human thingsanymore. Whatever's done to them in Hell
or whatever they sell out to down there gives them an
agenda, and that agenda becomes absolutely everything
tothem. Plus, there's an incentive to it. The further these
things get along that agenda, the more powerful they get
and the more tricks they have up their sleeve. Moving
like the wind? Seen it. Turning into a monster? Seen it.
Drinking down souls? Seen it. Sacrificing human beings
to control a demon? I've seen that, too.

They're everything that every other monster can do
rolled up into one nasty package, and unless you've been
where they have, you don't have the foggiest goddamned
clue what they're up to. They'll be polite and friendly and
cheerful one minute, and they'll rip your arm off the next.
If you're not in their way they ignore you. If you catch
their fancy, they don't stop until you're theirs. And if you
cross them, they'll chase you to the grave and beyond.

So maybe I am afraid. Or maybe I'm just smart. You
make the call, Shogun.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: (sender unidentified)
Subject: Corrections

Your breadth of knowledge impresses me, Carpenter. |
am forced to wonder, however, how much of it is hard-
earnedandhow much ispostulated?Hypothesized? Imagined?
If you have met any souls who knew me in my previous
incarnation, you have done them a great service by sending
them on to the next destination in their journey, though I
find myself questioning your motives for doing so.

Indeed, | sadly find myself forced to question your
motives in general. | would remind others that there are
two monsters here. J am here in an earnest attempt to


CHAPTER G: TIES 10 THE DEAD

make expiation for evils that I have been party to, and
to prevent greater evils from being inflicted on the
world before their time. You have confessed to a per-
sonal agenda. Your words are tainted.

Much of what you say is true, though twisted. You do.
not understand what I have experienced, or what others
like me have, and yet you insist on judging us. I tell you
this, Carpenter. I have learned little of my new self and
role, but I assure you, I know in the way that every child
knows he must draw breath that I do have a place in
Creation and a task to fulfill. So, too, do all of my kind.
Icould give youaname for what we are but it would mean
nothing to you. Our role is something of which we are
painfully aware. You do not share that awareness, and so
youstumble on blindly. Perhaps in doing so, you play the
part ordained for you, but by filling the minds of those
herewith half-truths, you do them grave disservice. They
should fear what you say more than silence, and if they are
wise they will give places where others of my kind dwell
awide berth. Their quarrel is not with my kind, nor does
my kind take issue with the "imbued."

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: ???

Idon't believe it. First we have one monster telling

uswho to gooutand kill, and now we've got another one

telling us who we shouldn't. What the hell is going on
here? I'm telling you, I'm this close to giving up on this
and going my own way again.

"THE MESSAGE ENDS"

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: carpenter169
Subject:

Very nice, Ichmail. Play the martyr, the poor tortured
soul who's just doing what he has to do. You may be able
to pull it off for a while, but you don't fool me. I know, you
see. | know. Every soul that's ever been lost to the Void
screams inside my head, and I know. I've heard the
whispers about what'scomingnextand your part in it, how
you'll set the fires to burn the world away and wear coats
made of human skin. I know where the thousand embers
are dispersed, and the name of the path that you walk. I
even know your name, Hideo Masaka, and your mother's
ghost tells me what you did to her. I'll take your secrets and
shout them to the winds, and if that's not enough, I'll write
them on the sleeping minds of children. I'll DAMN
DAMN DAMN THE BITC) DEAD THE BITCHI.
DEAD IT'S PULLING ME BACK TO THE OTHER
SIDE NO NO NO I WILL NOT GO EGO NON IBO.
HORA IGNIS VENIET ET IMPERATOR REGIONES

aS


HEWALKINGDERD

INFERNI IPSUM OSTENDET. AS CRIANCAS
GEMEAS-SOULED DOJADELEVANTARAM-SEDE
SUAS SEPULTURAS E ESPERAM A HORA QUE
VARRERA_AFASTADO AQUELAS CUJAS AS
ALMAS NAO SAO DIVIDIDAS. A TEMPESTADE
HERALDS A HORA DA DESTRUIGAO, E SEUS
VENTOS VENTILARAOASFLAMASSEMPREMAIS
ALTAMENTE. O HEAVEN STEPCHILDREN
VAGUEIA, CEGA, NO REINO DA MORTE MAS
SUA VISTAEAFIADA.CARNEMARCIA ECOWER
MARCIO DI ANIME SOTTO I CORNI DI ANIMA.
FEUER REINIGT UNS NICHT, UND UNSERE
KNOCHEN SINDALSSAND.QUIEST?QUINOMEN
MEUM INVOCAT? QUI (Connection Reset By Host)
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: azrael256

Subject: What the hell?

Does anyone know what the hell just happened?

Can someone please tell me?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: bookworm55

Subject: Translation

I thought people might appreciate a rough transla-
tion of what was said there. Roughly, it means this:

"] shall not go! The hour of flame comes and the
emperor of Hell manifests himself. The twin-souled chil-
dren of jade have risen from their graves and await the hour
that will sweep away those whose souls are not divided.
The storm heralds the hour of destruction, and its winds
shall fan the flames ever higher. Heaven's stepchildren
wander, blind, into the kingdom of death but their sight is
keen. Rotten bloodand rotten souls gather under the horns
of blood. Fire shall not cleanse us, and our bones will be as
sand. Who is there? Who calls my name? Who"

Itook a couple of libertieshere, primarily with the tone,
but that's the gist of it. I'm also assuming the last bit was a
complete word, "qui," as opposed to a prefix, but the rest
seems pretty straightforward — if you're a polyglot. The
Latin's a bit shoddy, but the rest is Portuguese, German,
Italian. ... It's a linguistic bouillabaisse, to be honest.

Cabbie, did your research reveal evidence that
Carpenter spoke a half-dozen languages fluently? I sus-
pect that he couldn't. What we're left with, then, is
something akin to speaking in tongues (or typing in it,
though he did say he had voice-recognition software),
albeit without the standard glossolalia.

What does it mean? It beats me, but it certainly
seems ominous.

Subject: I'm stumped
From: witness1
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Some of you may find this interesting.

Carpenter's accounts no longer exist.

There is no record of any of Carpenter's accounts
ever having existed.

None of the ISPs Carpenter went through has any
record ofany dealings with him—ever. Attempts to register
accounts in the names he used cause catastrophic errors.

There is no record of any of the accounts Carpenter
would have used to pay for any of his connections, either.

There is no record that Carpenter ever connected
here in the log, except for his posts themselves.

Likewise, there is no record of Ichmail. There is no
record he ever logged in here, except for his posts.

It seems our ghosts have turned into ghosts ina fashion.
that] wouldhave thought impossible. As I said, I'm stumped,
but the ramifications worry me intensely. Someone — or
some thing— has gone to a great deal of trouble to conceal
thefactthat those twoeverexisted. The question is, whoand
why?] have to guess that it's the same forces that let them —
and possibly other supernatural entities — find this site.
Honestly, though, | really don't have the slightest clue as to
what justhappened. All that doknowis that we had atleast
twomonsterson here beingrelatively civil,andnow wehave
almost no proof that they even existed.

What we do have, it seems, are their posts, which, all
thoughts on Carpenter's personality aside, would appear
to be useful. Take from them what you can and put it to
good use. For my part, I'm putting up more security.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: mojo20
Subject: I know who

this is the sort of cover-up the govermet specializes
in i wuld regard all information received as supect and
posibly government planted to lur us into the open we
act on it we will be idetifid and liquidated
Subject: Re: I know who
From: doctor119
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

lamafraid I must disagree. Let's lookat the facts we have
here. Carpenter and Ichmail came on the list at the same
time. For better or worse, they seemed to complement each
other. They vanish at the same time. Both give us a fair bit
of information about their own kind, but disappear when
they tangle with each other. Carpenter describes an experi-
ence similar to the ones we've all had — similar, but
significantly different. Ichmail just describes his rebirth,
which is symbolically the same thing. And now this.

My guess, putting it all together, is that it was our
mysterious patrons who led Carpenter and Ichmail here. I
further hypothesize that they were led here for a particular
reason, which is to say to illuminate us as to their various
fields of expertise. Once they had finished that and de-
scended into name-calling, they had outlived their


usefulness and were disposed of. I will not venture to guess
whether or not they were disposed of permanently, but at
the very least I donot think they will ever trouble us again.

I welcome any and all alternative ideas.

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: shogun213
Subject: Re: I know who

So you're saying that they were brought in to tell us
how to kill them? That sounds good to me. Let's get to it.
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: potter116
Subject: Re: I know who

I'm not so sure that's where we should be going with
this, Shogun. What was the big point Carpenter kept
trying to make when he told us how to deal with his kind?
He hammered home that they think like people and act
like people because they were — or are — people.

Ithink that's the key. I think that's the reason we got
these visitors. Yes, what Ichmail told us about his former
associates is disturbing, and useful. Oracle has demon-
strated that very well. But I'm more interested in Ichmail's
confession and his explanation of why he was here. You
can even look to Carpenter's eventual admission. They
revealed themselves as people. Yes, they're monstrous,
and they're not quite human any more. Yet at their core,
they're still like us in some fashion or another.

That goes for everyone like them, too. No, I'm not
saying that all of the rots just need a hug and some under-
standing. Some of them are monsters, pure and simple. But
there'sa spark of something down in there, a spark that can
be fanned into a flame or at least mourned when it's gone.

As for the ghosts and walking dead, I read what
Carpenter said and find myself wondering. Ghosts and
their near kin are tied to things, he said. They're tied to
people and places and things that were important to
them in life, and they've got things to do with themstill.

Carpenter wanted us to destroy those things. He
wanted us to wipe out those people and places and tear the
ghosts out of this world, to send them wherever they might
go when they can't be here any more. In some cases, that
might not be a bad thing. We've all met walkers or hidden
who have done horrible, horrible things. They certainly
merited destruction. I've put a few out of their misery
myself. But some of them have just been lost or alone or
afraid. What does destroying them prove? What does it
accomplish? It can't be a greater good.

Perhaps there's a different path to take here. If these lost
souls are still tied to things here, perhaps we can loosen the
knot gently. We can set them free, not send them flying out
ofcontrol. 'mnotsure how we can doit, but havea few ideas.

We have to listen. If the walking dead want to speak
tous, we have to hear what they say. Perhaps they can tell

us why they're here. If they trust us with their reasons for
returning, maybe they can trust us to help. If they don't
want to speak, perhaps we can convince them to.

Carpenter spoke of driving desires that brought the
dead back and sustained them. Can we help satisfy those
needs and allow those souls to rest? We can't help a
walker kill his murderer, but we can at least bring the
murderer to justice. If a ghost is doomed to protect his
loved ones, can't we assume that responsibility and let
him rest in peace? If there are places or things that
anchor ghosts to life, maybe we can reunite them and
allow the ghosts to say goodbye. I can't believe we're
here just to kill. Perhaps this, too, is part of our burden.

Like I said, I'm not sure how to go aboutall this. I'm
afraid to try. There are real monsters out there, not just
suffering people in their shapes. Show mercy to the
wrong spirit and you pay with your life. But I can't
believe that every ghost and every thing wants nothing
more than blood, or that whatever powers granted us
these gifts insists that we use them to destroy.

They are lost souls, people. What more needs be said?
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: RIP?

I hear what you say, Potter. It's interesting. My gut
tells me no, but I'll need to think about it.

I do have one thing to add to this topic, and then.
maybe we can lay it to rest. I took a fare to a funeral today.
The deceased was an elderly Italian woman. Good fam-
ily, no husband or kids, according to what I overheard.
There were a lot of expensive cars at the funeral parlor,
a lot of imports and black sedans. It all screamed "con-
nected." So I took a chance and asked the deceased's
name. The one I got, Annabelle Sforza, sounded familiar.
That was the name of the woman I kept running across
in my research on Carpenter, the one who got him killed.
Going back and reading over Carpenter's posts, I think
she was what kept him here. And now she's gone.

I dropped the fare off and drove around to the back on
a hunch. The back door of the place was wide open.
Someone had ripped the lock right off the door. There was
astench likean open grave in there, and bloody fingerprints
on the wall.

I guess I should have gone further. | know who made
those prints. He may even still have been there. I
stopped short, though, when I saw some of our signs on
the wall. It was simple, two characters mixed: Hope and
Corruption. I think he knew I was coming.

I waited for a minute, then left. Even monsters
deserve a moment with their loved ones.

God help me if I did the wrong thing. Somehow, I
don't think I did.



O that thou wouldest hide me

CHAPTER 7:RULES & STORYTELLING

in the grave, that thou wouldest

keep me secret, until thy wrath be past, that thou wouldest appoint

me a set time, and remember me!
— Job 14:13

Passionate, driven and relentless, ghosts and the
walking dead are by far the most common enemy that
hunters face in their struggle against the supernatural.

Sometimes, a battle-weary hunter wonders if every
building hides a few ghosts, every company has a rot or
two worming its way up the corporate ladder, and every
family is haunted by a poltergeist.

The apparent profusion of spirits means that the small
community of hunters worldwide has probably dealt with
more possessors, zombies, shamblersand ghosts than all the
other types of monsters combined. The reason hunters are
still far from complacent about dealing with the dead is
simple: the sheer variety of powers these monsters display.
Although the chosen have faced spirits over and over, the
true nature of these beings still eludes them.

This chapter, combined with information in the
Hunter rulebook and the Hunter Storytellers Compan-
ion (HSC), gives youthe Storytellerall the rules, guidance
and tricks you need to make the most of the walking dead
in your chronicles, whether they're uneasy allies, suspi-
cious entities or out-and-out abominations.

If you're a player, thanks for picking up this book,
but please stop reading now. The information that
follows will only spoil your fun. You've been warned.

A i
Waar' s Gore on?
Everyone diessooner or later. It's the one thing we canall
count on. We live our lives. We die. After that, who knows?
The restless dead know, at least to a degree. Some
people fail to pass on to whatever reward awaits when
they die. These souls are trapped in a land of the dead,

instead. The ghosts in this bleak, decay-tainted realm
can see the living world but struggle to contact it in any
way. Trapped with the spirits of those who have died
before, these ghosts linger in the next world, feuding
amongst themselves, seeking salvation or simply trying
to escape oblivion and despair.

Souls might not go on to their final reward — be it
Heaven, reincarnation or whatever suited a person's
beliefs in life — for various reasons. Some have ties to
their old lives that are too strong to allow them to move
on. Others believe they must complete tasks before they
can consider the tales of their lives told.

At least, that's how things were until a few months
ago. Now, things are worse than ever in the lands of the
dead. A storm sweeps the underworld, tearing ghosts apart
and reducing them to nothingness. The storm was trig-
gered bya huge explosion that rocked the very foundations
of the dead lands. The explosion had another cataclysmic
effect, too: Hordes of ghosts all over the world were thrust
violently back into the lands of the living.

These ghosts found themselves bound to the objects
—corpses, buildings, objects, people — with which they
collided upon re-entering our reality. Spirits trapped in
corpses quickly learned to animate the bodies and be-
came the majority of the walking dead that hunters face.
Other ghosts found themselves consigned to haunt the
objects, places or people to whom they were suddenly
bound. Some spirits even learned to possess the living
people or animals with whom they were linked.

Disturbingly, the explosion seems to have done
even greater damage: It has weakened the barrier that


separates the living from the dead. Events like the
dramatic ones in New Dijon (p. 22, and the Hunters
Survival Guide, p. 100) suggest that ghosts may con-
tinue to re-enter the world in inestimable numbers.
Even more alarming, this sudden influx of the dead
seems to coincide closely with the imbuing of the first
hunters. Moreand more of the chosen come tobelieve that
there is a connection between themselves and their most
common adversaries. Of the few imbued who have made
‘overtures to ghosts, some have learned that "life" for the
dead hasn't always been this way. Apparently, God, nature
or some other power from beyond once drew a hard line
between the living and dead. That line has now been
broken, or at least bent, and the spirits of the dead return.
Such terrible events began only months ago as measured in
the living world. Startlingly, this is about the same time
that many imbued recognize their awakening. Certainly,
no credible hunter has claimed an earlier pedigree and
proved his assertion. There also seems to be no end to the
people who have been imbued since, much as the ongoing
escape of the dead into the living world might continue.
So if there isa connection between walking dead and
hunters, what is it, the imbued ask? Perhaps hunters are
chosen to put the dead back where they belong. Maybe
Hell is full and hunters are the embodiment of demons
sent to recover lost spirits. Perhaps the chosen are a
karmic counterbalance to the profusion of souls in the
material world. Then again, the relationship between
hunter and spirit could be incomprehensibly complex.
Whatever the answer, confronting the reality of life
after death comforts precious few imbued. Yet, what choice
dothey have when loved onesare endangered every day and
every night? The one respite or even hope that hunters may
findis learning to understand the restless dead. If there really
isatie between the two, the chosen might better understand
themselves by understanding their "enemy." Is it possible
that lingering spirits might not even be the enemy at all?

Denunc wir rae Drab

The first time a hunter — from wide-eyed Innocent
to cynical Avenger — truly sees one of the walking
dead, he typically reacts with horror. It's a moving
corpse, something that should be rotting in the ground,
not walking, talking or worse.

Itakes a lot for the newly imbued to see beyond the
decay, the "wrongness" and the obsession of the dead to
find the personality, the once-living person within. Not
all ghosts are hostile things or predatory monsters to be
eliminated, however. This chapter explores alternative
ways for you to use the walking and restless dead in your
chronicle, beyond the role of "monsters to be destroyed."
Entire stories can be based on the concept of helping
ghosts — or at least trying to comprehend them.

This chapter also offers insights into the unique
aspects of ghostly existence and how they impact on

Sicnat ro Noise
The preceding chapters of this book present a
lot of information about spirits and zombies in the
world, as related by various narrators. Some of these
folks are hunters who do their best to ferret out the
truth. Others are monsters themselves that reveal
ghosts' strengths and weaknesses to further their
own ends. Understand that there's no hard truth in
either case. The ratio of information to misinforma-
tion in those chapters is dangerously even, if not
actually weighted against the imbued. Since the
other chapters are for players to read and characters
to digest, the real truth is saved for this one, for you.
Narrators such as Shaka, Oracle, Ichmail and
| Carpenter sometimes get it wrong, aren't fully up to
date on recent events of the underworld (and the
ramifications of those changes) or intentionally mis-
lead the chosen. Thus, as Storyteller, take everything
printed previously with a grain of salt. The real truth
is detailed in this chapter. This section provides the
rules for how things such as spirits' anchors actually
work. Sure, players may get mad when Carpenter's
advice for dealing with ghosts gets characters hurt.
That's what they get for believing a monster, particu-
larly amaliciousone. Thanks to this chapter, only you.
know how spirits and zombies really work. Keep it to
yourself and have fun.

hunters' relationships with the dead. Greater under-
standing of what motivates these beings makes them
much more compelling as adversaries or allies. It also
defines who hunters are by comparison and contrast.

Sptiy PERSONALITIES

Talbot eyed the rot warily, the broken stool still smolder-
ing in the hunter's hands. The wrecked theater bar was
deserted save for the two of them.

"Are we clear, then? You leave Shona alone and I don't
take your head off. Deal?"

The rot seemed almost weary. It slumped onto one of the
few whole bar stools left. "You don't understand, do you? I
didn't want to hurt her. I just want to talk to her."

It sighed heavily and rather melodramatically for a
creature that didn' tneed to breathe, and toyed with an empty
pint glass. "I loved her, you know. I still do."

Talbot listened incredulously as the creature started
making noises that sounded suspiciously like crying. He put
down the stool and started forward. "Look, Ididn'tmean....."

Then he heard the beer glass shatter. The rot swung at
him, holding a jagged shard in its hand. "Fuck you, fuck love
and fuck that cheap bitch! " the zombie roared. "I'll show you
what suffering really is!"


One of the most puzzling and threatening aspects of
ghosts and the walking dead is their tendency to undergo
significant personality shifts without apparent reason.
These changes are rarely for the better. One moment, a
ghost talks reasonably to hunters, the next it's aragingmass
of homicidal impulses and self-destructive influences.

The moment of death seems to change a person's
identity in subtle ways. The dark, self-loathing part
gains life of its own. Some of the perceptive among the
imbued notice that ghosts and walking dead occasion-
ally seem to pause, as if undergoing a transition, as if
listening to a voice no one else can hear, after which
behavior changes completely and the dark side takes
over. Some imbued also worry about the parallels sug-
gested to hunters' own "voices," the Heralds.

The dark part of a spirit's personality overwhelms the
ghost, compelling it to acts of destruction, whether against
the living, the dead or even itself. An enemy that changes
its objectives, personality and methods without warning is
adangerous one, because it doesn't behave in a predicable
manner. A trap that depends onazombie'sevidentaffection
for an ex-lover can be doomed to failure when the corpse
suddenly decides she wants to kill him, not protect him.

Way ly Happens

When and where should you have the dark side of
aghost's personality come to the fore?

The key factor is exposure to negative emotions.
Ghosts subsist on the emotional energy of the living, as
detailed in the rulebook and HSC. Feeding on positive
emotions makes them more likely to behave in rational,
constructive ways —or toat least work toward achieving
their goals, even if they're ones hunters wouldn't con-
sider benevolent. The morea ghost is exposed to negative
emotions such as hate, anger and fear, the more likely it
isto turn maniacal in an instant. It becomes a creature of
pure malice set on destruction, sometimes its own, as if
self-abuse fulfills an agenda of the dark side's own.

The greater and more prolonged a ghost's exposure
to negative emotions, from the hostility of a group of
gang members defending their turf to repeated attacks
from an Avenger or Defender with an attitude, the
greater the chance of a personality shift.

Extensive use of tricks and subsequent exhaustion
also makes ghosts vulnerable to base impulses. More
than one hunter group has successfully fended off attack
after attack from a ghost, only to have it turn really nasty
just as it seemed to be weakening.

Use of common tricks more than four times in a
scene, or use of uncommon ones more than a couple of
times, makes a switch likely.

Wark vo Do ly

A ghost or zombie's personality changes should be
driven by the needs of your story. While random switches

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING

canadd to the confusion and ignorance that largely define
a hunter's existence, too many can irritate players. An-
tagonists with no apparent motivation or explanation for
their actions don't make very interesting opponents.

Remember that ghosts feed on emotional energy. If
one hasn't been exposed to the sort of emotions that
might make it switch, it probably doesn't do so. A
helpful ghost that has dealt with nothing but inquisitive
Innocents and thoughtful Visionaries is unlikely to
freak out. The same ghost subjected to the passions of an
Avenger seeking its destruction or to the fear of terrified
humans is more likely to be subsumed by its dark side.

Try todelay any personality switch untila point in the
story where it makes events more interesting for players
(which usually means making life even more challenging
for the characters). Generally, this crucial moment will be
when story lines or confrontations come to a head.

Don't do it too often, though. A ghost's personality
switch should be a defining moment in any hunter's rela-
tionship with the being, whether it be hostile or friendly.
Sows Exaweces

© The hunters are in the process of springing another
trap ona walker that has thus far been the quiet calculat-
ing type. Their last attempt to destroy the creature
through a direct assault failed because it anticipated the
ambush. The hate that several of the group felt during the
abortive strike was enough to trigger a personality shift.
Asanew plan swings into action, the characters suddenly
face a vicious, homicidal monster, which leads to a
prolonged fight that attracts police attention.

 Mercy-based hunters try to negotiate with a rotor find
anonviolent solution to a haunting. One of the characters
gives in to her frustration briefly and yells at the others,
triggeringa personality shiftin the ghost. Justas itappears that
they've dealt with the problem, the ghost changes its mind
and launches an attack on some hapless people nearby.

© Zeal-based hunters might struggle to take down a
crazed poltergeist, only to have it turn round and offer
the key to its own defeat after a Judge asks it questions
and expresses sympathy for its motives. Can the group's
Avenger bring herself to trust the entity?

How ro Do ly

Avoid making spirit antagonists into Jekyll-and-
Hyde cases. An entirely new personality doesn't take
charge of a ghost. Its malicious, self-destructive aspects
simply come to the fore.

An altered ghost almost always works against its
previous goals. Some do so obviously, taking actions that
make their change of intent plain: attacking allies or
friends, trying to destroy things protected before or inten-
tionally revealing plans to hunters. The dark sides of other
spirits bide their time, pretending nothing is amiss until
they can do themselves or those around them — whether
other ghosts, hunters or normal people — the most harm.

aS!


Serena glanced at the rot that was leading her. She decided
to follow it against her better judgment, unable to resist the
opportunity to understand it better after its initial polite
overtures. It stopped suddenly. Maybe incapacitating those
two security guards took more out of it than she realized.

"Are you all right?" she whispered.

"Fine," the rot replied after a moment. "Never better.
C'mon, this way."

They took the elevator to the twelfth floor. Cautiously,
the rot led Serena through a warren of corridors and finally
stopped in front of an office

"Is this the one he's in?" she asked.

The rot nodded. Serena pulled out her stolen pistol and
steeled herself to burst through the door.

"Hey, Jimmy-boy, you've got a guest," the rot yelled
suddenly and laughed

Serenacursedanddove to the flooras the door burstoutward.

Keep identity changes brief. They should last no
more thana scene, sometimes not even that. As soon as
the episode is over, the ghost returns to its old self, often
with little or no memory of what it has just done.

Some spirits deny everything, claiming that hunters
must be mistaken. Others try to rationalize their actions
in human terms: "I got angry and did something stupid"
is a common excuse. A few even admit that they have
problems with self-control or their "dark side." The final
option is a last resort, as most walking dead are astute
enough to realize that such admissions only damage
relationships with sympathetic (or suspicious) people.
Usine Yates

A spirit's personality shift tends to empower the
entity. Many display previously unseen tricks and seem
able to draw on new reserves of energy.

For the duration of the scene in which a personality
switch occurs, the ghost returns to its normal starting
Pathos and may use these points freely to power tricks or
restore health levels as normal. At the end of the scene,
the creature's Pathos level returns to whatever it was
before the identity change occurred.

Spirits under the control of their dark sides generally
manifest tricks that are directly harmful to the living, such
as Physiology Flux or Afflict (from the HSC). Favorite
powers inflict pain and distress for extended periods of time.
These emotions feed the ghost's dark side (see the HSC, p.
12) and can prolong the spirit's "episode" by as long as you
like. "Compromised" spirits also tend to use tricks that do
psychological damage, such as Dark Visions or Nightmare.
However, such influence sometimes works in hunters' favor.
The ghosts' efforts are wasted if intended victims have
Conviction active ora hunter responds in time to remain in
control (a reactive-Conviction roll succeeds).
Sete-Inruicred Wounds

Rather than bring about a complete and obvious per-
sonality switch, a walker's "other half" can also act on its
counterpart "from the shadows," usingits powers covertly to


throw obstacles in its foremost identity's way. Sometimes,
such self-destruction manifests as an uncontrolled and self-
defeating use ofa trick — not even the presiding identity of
the spirit seems able to control the effect. Or a ghost might
display abilities that seem to have no purpose other than to
create problems for itself. Meanwhile, the being's dark side
laughs at its counterpart' follies.

Posters to hunter-net and other lists have clogged the
bandwidth trying to explain or rationalize spirits' strange
behavior, to little or no effect. Most are happy to take
ghost'sunpredictability and apparent self-loathing as proof
oftheir nature as monsters and leave it at that, ignoring the
fact that living people can display the same behavior.

Actsofself-sabotage should occur rarely, butslightly
more often than do complete personality switches. Cer-
tainly, a hidden's dark side shouldn't inflict harm upon
its presiding identity more than every couple of scenes
or so. Ideally, it should happen just often enough for
characters to realize that they deal with something that
isn't entirely under its own control.

Some of the most common covert "self-inflicted
wounds" include:

A walking corpse suddenly becomes extremely and
obviously dead in appearance. The stench of the chanel
house follows it everywhere, its skin looks more rotten
than it actually is, and clouds of flies buzz around it.

Normal people (and hunters without active Con-
viction) who are exposed to the rot tend to lose control,
running for their lives, collapsing into a fetal ball or
jabbering to themselves, or they ignore the whole scene
as if nothing were wrong. The fact that an animate
corpse is in the vicinity is painfully obvious even to
hunters without active second sight, and players of
these unprotected imbued should be allowed a reaction
roll (Perception + primary Virtue roll, difficulty 6) to
spend a point of Conviction, anticipate danger and
avoid losing control. Hunters with Conviction already
active are immune to the worst effects of the appearance
change but still find the corpse nauseating.

The spirit's truly monstrous appearance generally
persists for one scene.

* The sabotage of a ghost's own plans isn't always
apparent. Sometimes, it consists of nothing more than
altering a phrase so that the meaning is utterly different
from what the ghost intended to say. Think of the differ-
ence that replacing the word "help" with "hurt" has in the
following sentence: "I'm here to help you." It would
provoke an entirely different response in the hunters.

¢ A ghost's "dark side" is quite happy to torture its
host by sending pain wracking through its form. Dice
pools are reduced by one to three for the turn, at the
Storyteller's discretion.

A ghost or rot reacts as ifit sees something different
from what is actually before it. For example, instead of
reacting aggressively to the three armed hunters advanc-

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING

ing on it, the walker announces that it's flattered but a
little confused as to why they're giving it flowers.

Rots and ghosts occasionally go deaf or mute for
no apparent reason. This fact may not be immediately
apparent to hunters. If they're engaged in a discussion or
negotiation with a spirit and it suddenly ignores them,
they may jump to the wrong conclusion.

Ancuors ro rae Living Wortp

Jason approached the ghosts, shouting at the top of his
lungs. "Hurtkids, would you, yousick fucks? It's about time
someone showed you what happens to your kind."

The ghosts jeered and mocked him. A couple of them
moved forward

Jason began reciting the Sermon on the Mount under his
breath and felt the power rise within him. The two ghosts
stopped abruptly in front of him, shocked expressions on their
faces. He hadn't run away!

"Not so cocky now, are you?" Jason snarled, lashing out
with his club at a mirror, shattering it with a spray of glass.

One of the ghosts screamed and doubled over, obviously

wracked by pain. Then the ground seemed to open beneath it

sas y
Hey, Ish y Yaar. . .!
Storytellers familiar with Wraith: The
Oblivion will spot a few familiar concepts in this
chapter: Spectres, Thorns, Fronds, Dark Arcanoi
and the like.

So why aren't we using those terms? Simple.
Those things don't and probably won't ever mat-
ter to hunters. The complex metaphysics of the
underworld, with its concepts of Oblivion and
Angst, are far beyond the sphere of interest of
even the most inspired Visionary.

Delving too deeply into the world of the
restless and walking dead means distracting at-
tention away from the focus of the chronicle:
hunters and their struggle to deal with the new

| lives forced upon them.

: Besides, the last thing you need is a whole

| swath of new statistics and systems to keep track
of, distracting you from telling an involved and
vivid story. So, keep the mechanics simple and
the issues raised complex.

If any smart alec player complains that your
ghosts don't act the way she expects wraiths to,
you can always point out that since the events of
Ends of Empire unleashed the Sixth Great Mael-
strom on the underworld, all bets are off.

Ifyou really want to get into the ins and outs of
wraith and Spectre existence, you're free to do so,
butin many ways what you'll play won't be Hunter.


HUNTER: THE WALKING DEAD

and vomit an eerie purple light nto the room. The ghost uembled
through the hole, leaving only the lingering echo of a scream.

Jason stood stunned for amoment. Thenaslowsmile crept
across his face. "Who else wants some?" he asked ominously,
as he decided which piece of furniture to break next.

Yue Vies Yaar Bind

Primary AncHoRs

More than pure passion keeps the dead so close to the
living world. All ghosts at work in this realm are bound
tosome item or object. These things, people or places are
known as anchors and are crucial to ghosts' existence.

The explosion that threw the lands of the dead
into utter turmoil had two specific effects: It triggered
avast storm that lashes the underworld even now. And
it literally hurled innumerable spirits from beyond
back into the living world. The vast majority of these
"evicted" ghosts were caught by surprise and were
completely unprepared for what happened to them.
They found themselves bound to the first things they
came in contact with back on this side, be ita place or
object. It soon became apparent that these anchors, as
such items are known, allowed spirits to stay in the
living world, but restricted their ability to move more
than a short distance away.

The exceptions to this phenomenon were ghosts
who found themselves bound to people, living creatures
or corpses. Using tricks they already knew or learned
quickly, these spirits were able not only to loiter around
their anchors, but even to take control of or animate the
bodies. Ghosts that occupied or controlled a living
creature resulted in possessing spirits, whereas ones that
animated corpses became the walking dead.

Spirits have a complicated relationship with their
anchors. For game purposes, anchors gained upon initial
impact with the material world are called primary an-
chors. These things root spirits in the material world so
they can stay here. They also prevent many ghosts from
traveling around with the freedom they had in life or in
the underworld, however, causing many spirits to resent
their anchors. Ghosts attached to objects, people or
places they find aesthetically displeasing or repulsive
have a particularly rough time of it.

So why don't some spirits just abandon their pri-
mary anchors? Because these things are all that keep
ghosts from being sucked back into the storm-torn lands
of the dead. Most ghosts fight with desperate ferocity to
avoid that fate. Few ghosts are willing to brave the fury
of the storm that awaits on the other side. Others want
to cling to life or the living for its own sake, no matter
how distasteful the circumstances.

Every single ghost and walking dead that hunters
encounter has a primary anchor. In the case of ghosts,
it's an object, location or person from which they never
travel more than 100 yards or so. As long as a ghost

exceeds that range, the anchor is "lost" (see below), and
the spirit is wracked by the dead lands' storm winds.

The only exception to this travel limitation applies
when spirits use tricks like Benign Occupation, Claim,
Death on Holiday or Direct Connection (all in the HSC)
to insinuate themselves into a person, body, object or
computer system. While the ghost "rides" the item in
question, the spirit can move or be moved away from its
anchor. However, should a riding ghost exceed 100 yards
from its primary anchor when it vacates its "host," the
tules for loss of that anchor come into play as normal.

So, for ghosts anchors serve as both a link to the
living world ands shelter from the ongoing destruction
in the underworld. In general, primary anchors can be
anything and everything, from a desk to a car to a house
to a tree. The only real restriction is size: The object
needs to be at least the size of a small table or large
painting. Otherwise, a ghost wouldn't have bonded
with it as the spirit crashed back into the living world.
Blundering or unconcerned hunters may never notice
thata spirit remains in the proximity ofa certain object.
Astute hunters may catch on right away. You decide
how subtle or overt clues are to ghosts' travel limits.
(Detecting Anchors on p. 94 details how hunters might
recognize such items.)

The anchors of possessing spirits and zombies are
more obvious: They're the bodies they linger around or
inhabit. In the case of an anchor that's a living person
or animal, the 100-yard rule applies as it does with
objects. Some spirits simply stay close toa living anchor.
Others that know the right tricks can enter the body and
tide in it without influencing its behavior. Or they can
suppress the body's true identity and take over. The
HSC covers rules for both possession scenarios.

A spirit that collided with a corpse upon being
deposited back into the living world probably animates
that body and is essentially a part of it. The spirit can't
usually linger outside the form. When the body is
destroyed, the spirit's anchor is destroyed.

‘Seconpary Anchors

Some ghosts and zombies have a secondary anchor,
which isan object, person or place that was important to
a soul in its breathing days — a spouse, a child, a home,
afavorite toy, adesk at work ora photograph ofa lost love.
There's no restriction on the size of a secondary anchor.
Itcan beassmall asa pen oras large as a major office block.
The only requirement is that it be something or someone
that was important to a spirit in life.

Only powerful ghosts and walking dead have second-
ary anchors. Few of the beings deposited back in the
living world are passionate enough to maintain such
lasting attachments to former lives. There's no hard-and-
fast rule about who can have a secondary anchor, though.
If you've designed a spirit or walker to be a recurring
villain or ally, give the being a secondary anchor.


Most restless dead have only their primary anchors
to protect them from the ravages of the next world.
Only the most exceptional spirits have more than one
secondary anchor. Few hunters encounter ghosts as
powerful as the latter in their careers. Spirits with
multiple secondary anchors are too wily, prepared or
incomprehensible to track down or meet face to face.

Although secondary anchors appear to have no
immediate use to the dead, spirits protect these items as
if their very unlives depend on them — which they do.

Losing aN ANCHOR

The separation from, destruction or loss of a ghost's
primary anchor triggers a ghost's end in this world.
Suddenly exposed to the destructive forces howling
through the dead lands, the spirit is literally torn apart.

The effect applies just as much to a zombie as it does
toaghost. The zombie's body is a primary anchor for a
riding spirit. When the body is destroyed, the spirit is
exposed to the storm.

A ghost without a primary anchor is doomed. Only
spirits lucky enough to have secondary anchors might

stave off destruction, if they can get to their secondary
anchors in time. Those that do still must go through a
period of adjustment to their new "homes" and become
inactive for weeks or months.

Should a spirit have no secondary anchor or fail to reach
another anchor in time, a veritable crack in reality appears
below the ghost. The spirit plummets in, screaming. For all
intentsand purposes, it is destroyed. Witnessing such destruc-
tion is horrifying for hunters. It's a haunting glimpse into
another reality; revelation enough to suggest that something
awaits beyond, but no evidence of what it really is. Imbued
who dedicate themselves to destroying ghosts and shamblers,
and who see victims sucked down to "Hell" repeatedly might
even develop derangements at your discretion.

In truth, spirits separated from their anchors are
pulled back into the underworld. Though they're likely
to meet oblivion there, they don't have to. A potent or
resourceful spirit might have what it takes to climb back
to the living world and haunt hunters again. The process
takes months if not years, and no more than one spirit
should everaccomplish it ina single chronicle. Make sure
the spirit character is worth it as hunter ally or enemy.

Tue UnDeRWortD

The ghosts that hunters encounter are almost entirely those thrown into the living world by the explosion that
occurred beyond. Almost as if by the Messengers' decree, the imbued are incapable of seeing past the physical world, }
noteven with second sight or edges that offer enhanced perception. Hunters therefore cannotsee into the underworld ]
or see any spirits that might linger there. Hunters' vision and sensitivity to the supernatural is limited to the material world

alone (a

y important limitation on hunter capabilities, raised in the rulebook under "Perception," on p. 132).
St familiar with Wraith: The Oblivion know that ghosts in the underworld aren't bound by such

fo ee Those beings are quite capable of seeing the living world and affecting it with powersand tricks.

Ifyou wis
see into the

troduce these "otherworldly" ghosts to your Hunter chronicle, remember that the imbuedcannot |
orld through use of second sight or edges — ever. The only exception to this rule is the very |

nostin the underworld usesa trick to affect the living world. A hunter with active second sight could

d prevents this "extra-dimensional" intervention. (When that Oke: isactive, ghost
fed ffm affecting the living world in the hunter's presence.)
orld don't suffer the same restrictions on travel that their counterparts in the living world do,

to thelt own
landsofthe:

Ifyou
understand
who dowit

are able to travel and operate outside the material realm as they please, beyond any proximity
anchors. (Otherworldly spirits' liberties are certainly curtailed by the storm that rages across the
- For reference, their safety and comfort there is comparable to ours in adevastating hurricane.)
and you want to incorporate some of its spirits into your Hunter game, feel free. Simply
countered by the imbued are now full-time denizens of the living world. Hunters |
pear fora moment, cause something to happen in the real world and then disappear |

cr kind of ghost exists and generally eludes their perceptions. In a sense,
Speration with "traditional" Hunter ghosts or walking dead for the group to

h jorld's mysterious inhabitants.
troducing another "breed" of ghosts sets characters an extremely difficult challenge.
daffect such a ghost only at the moment when it touches the living world to use a trick.

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING


System: For each turn that a ghost is separated from its
primary anchor, roll eight dice of damage if it is outside, six
dice if it is indoors (the difficulty is 6 in both cases). Treat
damage as "lethal," so itcannotbe soaked. As longasa ghost
remains outdoors, all of itsactionsare at +2 difficulty, aswell.

You can measure the duration of this collapse by
scene rather than by turn if you want a particularly
compelling spirit to get to a secondary anchor and
return in future stories (and it's likely to return angry).
Such a being probably flees the characters immediately
in search of shelter; it doesn't hang around to threaten
or menace while its very existence is at stake. Mean-
while, have "run of the mill" spirits and shamblers
collapse in turns for more satisfying hunter victories.

A spirit cannot use Pathos to heal any damage
suffered while it lacks an anchor.

Should a ghost reach a secondary anchor before it's
destroyed, three Pathos must be spent to bind itself to the
other anchor. If your antagonist doesn't have those points,
he might not have the will to survive, after all (then again,
you might just allow him to do it for your chronicle's sake).

When one of the walking dead loses its primary
anchor — its current body is destroyed — the spirit
within is probably destroyed, too. If the animating spirit
is one of the rare few that has a secondary anchor,
however, it may resort to that shelter thereafter, just as
any ghost would. For simplicity, consider the outcast
spirit to have full health levels in incorporeal form
(although it may have suffered damaged from edges
such as Cleave that affect corporeal and incorporeal
beings). That "vitality" doesn't mean the spirit is ready
to keep on fighting, though. It's just lost its "home" and
needs another — fast — to resist the storm winds or it
really will be destroyed forever.

A spirit isn't limited to "walking" to its secondary
anchor. Remember thatspirits with access to certain tricks
can take shelter in people and objects to travel beyond 100
yards of their anchors (p.92). That same technique can be
temporary recourse for a spirit that's lost its primary anchor
and that seeks a secondary one. Benign Occupation or Full
Possession might be used to hitch aride inapassinghuman,
delaying the damage inflicted by the dead world's storm.
Indeed, some spirits hop from body to body to travel to
secondary anchors. Should there bea handy corpse around,
a being could use Death on Holiday to seek refuge and
become mobile again. Alternatively, a spirit could apply
Claim to take control of a car or motorcycle to get to a
secondary anchor. (Pathos cannot be used to recover lost
health levels even while temporarily possessing an object
or person. Another anchor must be reached before health
levels can be restored.)

None of these tactics is a solution, though. The
spirit must "possess" whatever being or thing it rides
until the host is in proximity to the spirit's secondary
anchor. If the spirit does leave its temporary host for any

reason (except to move to another temporary host), it
is subject to destruction again.

If a spirit has access to the trick Fast Forward, it's
virtually home free, traveling directly from its current
location to its secondary anchor.

Once a spirit binds with its secondary anchor, it is
trapped there while it recuperates. It regains one health
level per day until fully healed. Thereafter, it regains one
Pathos per day until it reaches its starting level. (Replace
Pathos with Willpower if using the rulebook's guidelines
on spirits.) Then it's free to act as it wishes once more.

Note that if a spirit exceeds the 100-yard radius of
its primary or secondary anchor, but then returns to that
area, damage from the storm ceases. Pathos cannot be
spent to recover health levels while the spirit exceeds its
range. Pathos can be spent to heal upon returning to the
anchor's proximity, however. In this case, the anchor
isn't really lost, just strayed from.

If a secondary anchor is also destroyed, it's game
over for a spirit unless the being is so potent that it has
yet more anchors. When all secondary anchors are lost
orare too distant to access, a spirit is usually wind-swept
and dragged from this reality.

Then again, a truly desperate spirit may seek to take
refuge in any item or body that's available even after all
anchors are lost. The spirit must possess a trick such as
Claim, Death on Holiday, Benign Occupation or Full
Possession to do so. Such efforts are ultimately futile,
though. Those powers have limited duration, after
which the spirit is expelled again. In such circum-
stances, its return to the underworld is inevitable.

Derzering Anchors

Ghosts' and walkers' reliance on anchors for exist-
ence in the living world makes anchors powerful tools
for hunters to use against spirits.

Once a group of hunters becomes aware of the idea
of anchors, it changes their relationship with "the
enemy" forever. Whereas the walking dead are a phys
cal problem that the imbued can deal with by physical
means, spirits are intangible. They make edges or nego-
tiation the only weapons in hunters' arsenal. Awareness
of a ghost's anchor gives hunters a physical means of
harming the spirit and an irresistible negotiating tool.

Forhunters to make use ofanchors, they have to discover
the concept and then be able to track down the objects or
people in question —no mean feat. There are numerous ways
that hunters can learn about spirits and anchors.

OesERvATION

The simplest yet most challenging way to suggest that
ghosts are bound to objects is to make aspects of ghostly
existence plain. The first and most obvious method is to
show characters what happens when an anchor is de-


stroyed. Most confrontations between hunters and spirits
take place in the vicinity of anchors. Perhaps a spirit is
connected to a chair, which a hunter breaks to create a
weapon for use with Cleave. Many confrontations be-
tween hunters and monsters result in collateral damage
anda ghost's anchor could be part of it. Or the destruction
ofa shambler opens the veritable mouth of Hell. A spirit
is pulled from the body and dragged down, wailing. When
the chasm slams shut again, an inert body is left behind.

Under certain circumstances, players could roll for
characters to recognize ghostly behavior. A Perception +
Alertness roll, difficulty 7, might reveal that a particular
person is present every time a ghost manifests. A Wits +
Alertness roll, difficulty 8, might reveal that a ghost
seems reluctant to leave the vicinity of a particular item
orseems to shelter it from harm. Resort to such rolls only
when players are absolutely stumped by a ghost's tenden-
cies or modus operandi. Die rolls are always a desperate
substitute for storytelling and roleplaying.

All of these are reasonably straightforward ways of
saying to characters: "Hey, these spirits have something
todo with those objects." They're challenging to imple-
ment because you don't want to lead players by the nose,
or make them feel that you're doing all the detective
work for them. Perhaps the clearest way to draw the
connection between ghosts and anchors is to demon-
strate the cause and effect between the two and let
players come to their own conclusions. For example, a
ghost could arrange to have her anchor — say, a vase or
painting — delivered to a hunter as the first step in a
campaign of terror against him. Can the hunter recog-
nize the connection between the "gift" and his haunting?

TALKING

It's possible — though unlikely — that hunters
following a Mercy-based creed might talk a ghost into
revealing the concept of anchors. The spirit is likely to
share such sensitive information only when its anchor is
in imminent danger. Perhaps the hunter can help pre-
serve the spirit's object, at least for the short term. Maybe
the ghost can blackmail the character, so revealing the
truths of the other side isn't such a concern. And even if
aspirit does tell a hunter about its anchor, it doesn't offer
any more details than itneeds to. ("Thatbook helps keep
me near my loved ones," as opposed to "That book keeps
me from being sucked down into the void.")

Here are some examples of situations that might
compel a ghost to disclose the truth of its anchor.

A ghost is bound to a table in an old house. The
current residents are moving and the spirit to wants to
remain behind. Can it persuade the hunters to stop the
people from taking their furniture?

* A ghost is bound toa building that's scheduled for
demolition to make way for a shopping mall. Can the
ghost convince the hunters to prevent the destruction?

© A ghost is bound to, but doesn't possess, a person
who has attracted the attention ofa bloodsucker or other
monster. Can the ghost persuade the characters that the
other creature is more of a threat to the hapless person?

Other sources of information on ghosts' anchors,
though untrustworthy ones, are other monsters. Vam-
pires, warlocks and perhaps even ghosts' own dark sides
might have some information that could help characters.
The services that another monster demands might be
more than hunters are willing to pay, however. Are they
really willing to part with their own blood, their own
secrets or their own loved ones to better relate to ghosts?
Warlocks are an elusive breed and can often be difficult
tocomprehend. Will hunters even be able to understand
what such a being tells them? And bloodsuckers are
absolutely untrustworthy. Can hunters put credence in
what nightcrawlers tell them? Allying with the enemy,
even for information, can therefore be a risky venture.

Communication with other imbued in an area, should
there be any, might help characters understand the role of
anchors. Other hunters' encounters with the dead may fill
in the characters' blanks. Alternatively, other hunters'
experiences or interpretations may be completely errone-
ous or misleading, sending the characters down the wrong
path altogether. Such are the dangers of hunters' collective
ignorance and taking information on faith.

There's also hunter-net and any other widespread
means ofhuntercommunication. Whiletheimbuedonline
community has yet to catch on to the concept of anchors,
many individuals worldwide glimpse the truth. If you use
regular posts as part of your game, feed hints about anchors
tocharacters through hunter emails (or from any monsters
online). An African hunter might have a vital piece of
information that completes the characters' understand-
ing. The Internet isan ideal way to share such information.
The question of its validity arises again, though, as it does
in all imbued communication about the enemy.

EDGrs

Hunters could also use their powers to recognize an
anchor as something more than what it seems. Second
sight alone probably offers no direct clue to an object's
status as an anchor. It might seem abnormal or strange,
but that's all. Some edges offer more insight.

Delve: (Hunter, p. 156) If this edge is used in the
vicinity of an anchor while the hunter has second sight
active, the power might reveal the ghost's repeated
presence in the vicinity. This clue is not a clear indi
tion of an anchor's nature, but is a guide nonetheless.

Discern: (p. 160) This edge might indicate that a
ghost never travels very far from a particular object or
location, an insight from which the character may be
able to deduce an anchor's significance.

Illuminate: (p. 148) Use of this edge while looking at
ananchorallows a hunter to perceive aclue to the subject's

oS


importance. It may have a faint nimbus around it that's
similar in color to ones seen around ghosts or the walking
dead, only pale or translucent. The item may appear
covered in cobwebs, decayed or it may emanate a thin trail
that links it to a ghost if the creature is in the vicinity.

Pinpoint: (p. 155) This edge is very effective at identi-
fying an anchor. Not only does it reveal an object asa ghost's
weakness, but multiple successes offer clues to its location.

Witness: (p. 150) Use of this edge near a ghost could
confront the user with images ofa particular location, person
or object on unpredictable occasions. These visions stand
out from the typical results of this edge because there's no
indication of the ghost's monstrous nature, just a glimpse of
the anchor itself. Visions of an anchor appear only if the
player scores three or more successes on the edge roll.

There are also a few Abilities that could help
hunters sense the significance of spirits' anchors. Aware-
ness might indicate that something is strange or amiss
about an object; it givesa character that "tingly feeling."
Intuition might be all that's required to grab an impro-
vised weapon, which just happens to be arot's secondary
anchor. So why does the creature suddenly shy away
when the hunter shakes the item menacingly?

You could even integrate a sense for anchors into a
character's Destiny or Exposure Background. An epic fate
as a hunter might involve being a lodestone for all things
dead. Thus, objects bound to the dead seem different to the
character. Contact with ghosts back during normal life
might have revealed their activities around certain items
or people. That information makes sense only now, and
the hunter can use it against ghosts. A character with the
Patron Background mightalso receive a message about the
significance ofananchor. A booming "THE DEADCLING
TO THEIR PAST" is a pretty heavy hint that objects and
things still mean something to spirits.

Axchors as Mor yar ions

" Thisis ridiculous," Jason muttered as he pried open the window.

"Really?" Talbot said, lugging the portrait toward the house.
"Weseem to spendour lives fightinginhuman monsters. Itmakes
an interesting change of pace to deal with a human one."

Jason grunted noncommittally as he pulled himself
through the window. He switched on the flashlight and
looked around the room. Cheap furniture, a handful of
weighty science books on the bookcase, and a poster of
an expensive car were revealed by the beam. "This
doesn't look like the home of a murderer."

Talbot sighed and lifted the portrait into the house.
"Just help me get our friend here in place. We'll know if
we're doing the right thing soon enough."

Beyond being a means of staying near the living,
secondary anchors have emotional importance to ghosts
and rots. Objects or people, beyond those primary ones
that a spirit seems stuck to, bear sentimental value. As


Anchors AND EDGES

Two edges can have profound effects on the!
‘telationship between a ghost and its anchor.

Burden: (p. 161) A ghost fixed in place by use
"of this edge is susceptible to exceeding the range of
anchor if that item is moved away from it. Such
events can impose the rules for loss of an anchor
immediately. Such damage stops as soon as the ghost
is back within 100 yards of its anchor, however.

Ward: (p. 157) Hunters using this edge can |
actually push ghosts beyond an anchor's protective}
radius. Once the ghost is pushed more than 100 yards
from its anchor, its starts to be flensed as if by raging}
storm winds. Once the ghost is back within the}
perimeter, the damage stops.

explained earlier, secondary anchors are things that retain
meaning from a spirit's life. Sure, ghosts can take refuge in
these items, but that's just the beginning of their signifi-
cance. Attachment to the trappings of life suggests that a
ghost or poltergeist has memories, thoughts, feelings or
motivations. Anentity might be reasoned with, spoken to,
negotiated with and above all understood, not just de-
stroyed out of hand. Maybe these human qualities can be
invoked to help a spirit make peace with the world.

Wrathful or destructive hunters aren't usually con-
cerned about a ghost's feelings or motivations. "Destroy
them and move on. There are a lot more spooks to deal
with," these imbued rationalize. Compassionate hunters
know better. They recognize that spectral passions can be
alleviated so that the restless dead feel no more need to
torment the living, even if they still linger in this reality.

After recognizing the importance ofanchors, the next
step in dealing nonviolently with ghosts is understanding
their psychology: Helping ghosts to resolve lingering busi-
ness or to let go of past lives. Insightful imbued — often
Visionaries, Redeemers, Innocents, Martyrs and some-
times Judges — try to look beyond the bleeding walls,
rotting corpses, possessed machinery and weird personality
shifts to find the once-living people beyond.

Ifa hunter can persuade the dead that it's not their
place to interfere with the living any longer, the chosen
fulfills a vision of the hunt as surely as if she'd cleaved
a zombie to pieces. This process is perhaps one of the
most rewarding ways for the Merciful to actually coop-
erate with monsters in a way that both satisfies the
creature and protects the world from the supernatural.

Of course, the danger of trying to help spirits is that
many without secondary anchors tend to not remember or
have ties to former lives (they have only primary anchors).
They know only their current existence as tormented,
lingering, hungry spirits — and behave accordingly. Even
the adamantly Merciful must acknowledge that no hu-

manity remainsin some monsters, and that they have to be
put down for the good of the living.

PLAYING APART

Hunters can reconcile and negotiate with zombies and
specters in many ways, all to cease spirits' torment of the
living. They can help a ghost gain access to the people,
places or things that it seeks to contact. Most ghosts have
trouble communicating with the living world. Their mobil-
ity isalso limited by their primary anchors. They need people
who can contact both the ghosts themselves and the living
who need to be reached, and they need assistants who can
move about freely. Hunters fit the bill on all counts.

The requests a ghost makes to fulfill its needs can be
innocuous: taking a final message to a loved one, making
sure a precious item is placed out of harm's way, or getting
a final piece of research published. Or requests can be
morally dubious or dangerous: taking revenge on a mur-
derer, stealing a precious object so that the ghost can stay
near it, or solving a mystery around a ghost's death.

The more demanding the request, the more of a
dilemma hunters face. Essentially, the characters make
themselves ghost's proxies in the living world. How far
are they willing to go in pursuit of a creature's aims?
What they do my well be a step on the road to removing
a parasite on humanity's emotions, but is the personal
cost to hunters worth it, especially when their charity
case is subject to unpredictable personality swings?
Indeed, how far are characters prepared to harm the
living world to help one of the dead?

Astory about interaction with ghosts should never
have a clear-cut, morally correct path. Choosing to aid
a ghost should be as complicated as choosing to hunt
and destroy it. The difference is, helping a spirit heals a
wound instead of creating another one.

T aKING YHE INIrIAY ve

Once hunters are aware that they can prevent
attacks on the living by aiding ghosts and rots, they
might take this approach to all dealings with spirits. It's
a commendable effort from the perspective of Mercy-
and Vision-driven hunters, and it certainly adds a new
roleplaying dimension to the game. Even Defenders
might help if compassion means saving someone or
something from being haunted.

Few hidden or ghosts just accept help from these
odd or seemingly deranged people who can see them
and who aren't afraid of them, however. Put yourself in
the monster's shoes. You're confronted by a group with
inexplicable powers, obvious drives and the capacity to
see you for what you are. What reason do you have to
trust them? They're living. Youre dead. How can they
understand? If anything, they're a potential threat.

Persuading a ghost to accept help should be an ex-
tended roleplaying challenge. Trust doesn't come quickly
oreasily under the best of circumstances. Maybe characters

a!


have an opportunity to destroy a ghost's anchor, but don't.
Perhaps chosen do an unexpected favor fora ghost and ask
nothingin return. Orimbued go out of their way toactually
preserve a zombie's secondary anchor from destruction.

Even if hunters do gain a spirit's tentative trust, not
every ghost or zombie believes that making peace with
the trappings of its past is a good thing. In fact, most of
them struggle to cling to the things that were precious
to them before, to continue doggedly pursuing their
former goals. Hunters trying to persuade a ghost that he
would be better off leaving his children to the care of
their mother and stepfather might find themselves
perceived as part of the problem, not the solution.

Rots are perhaps the most difficult to coax into relin-
quishing their past lives. Not only do they have the same
trust issues as ghosts do, but they don't need help nearly as
badly. After all, they're back in a body, "living" once more.
Why the hell should they stop meddling in their former
lives? A hunter who can answer that question convincingly
might be a candidate for a significant Conviction bonus.

So helping ghosts reconcile their old obsessions
helps ease relations between this world and the next. By
negotiating with ghosts, however, all hunters really do
is persuade the beings to co-exist peacefully with reality,
not necessarily depart from it. Perhaps a ghost is con-
vinced to be content in a former lover's presence, or to
watch over a prized book collection, rather than to
torment anyone who comes near. For most rots and
ghosts, such compromise is the only alternative to a
final battle with imbued.

Yet, a few spirits seek more than just "hovering
around but not dabbling in their old lives." Perhaps that
existence would simply be too painful, a mockery of
what they once were. Beings capable of such sentiment
may aspire to leave life and afterlife behind altogether,
moving on to whatever final reward awaits.

Finat Reward

The three hunters regarded the ghost before them. He just
didn't look dangerous: a skinny guy in his early 20s, dressed
in slightly fire-damaged clothes that were maybe five years out
of fashion. A faintly manic grin played across his face.

"1 don't believe it," Serena snapped, shifting her arm
uncomfortably in its sling. "It's a monster, just like the rest of
them. Don't listen to it. Just kill it and let's go home."

Talbot thought for a moment, then said," understand
why you don't trust ghosts, Serena, but what if it's right? If
we can help it move on, doesn't that give some meaning to
these new lives of ours?"

Jason looked at the pair in obvious frustration. "Look,
there's not much call for all this deep thought where I'm
from," he said. "AIL know is that if there's a way to get these
things away from people without beating the hell out of them,
I'm willing to try it."

One of the most powerful possibilities offered to
Storytellers by the walking dead is the chance to move
Hunter beyond a seek-and-destroy mission. While un-
derstanding anchors opens new avenues of negotiation
with the dead, the boundaries can be pushed further.

Virtually every religion offers some form of reward after
death: Heaven, reincarnation, spiritual oneness. If you can
accept the concept of ghosts as dead people trapped by their
attachment to the living world, it's not too big a leap to
accept that if they let go of that attachment they might
achieve their final reward. Hunters are (relatively) normal
people, too, and they can come to the same conclusions.

Yet, justas we don't know what lies on the otherside,
nor do the imbued — even though, when they put spirits
down, they sometimes get glimpses of what's unseen.
Characters therefore shouldn't be completely in the
know about how to help spirits reconcile their past and
move on toabetter place. Indeed, ahunter who perceives
all ghosts as dead people who need help putsher life in the
hands of the first malicious, manipulative, calculating
spirit that comes along (not to say that teaching such a
harsh lesson shouldn't be a part of your game...).

Players and characters knowing too much about
ghosts and how to help them can also take the thrill out
of your game. It's very difficult to conjure up horror or
mystery if characters are so chummy with the dead that
all aspects of postmortem existence, even the promised
land, are revealed to them.

Still, allowing characters to learn that these "monsters"
may have complex personal motivations is not a bad thing.
An Avenger confronted with a revelation that the "'de-
mon" she's intent on destroying was once a good father,
respected member of the church and frequent charity dona-
tor — and that he wants to go to Heaven — probably
questions the moral high ground on which she stands.

In many ways, ghosts can seem closer to hunters
than other monsters. Just like the imbued, they were
once normal people whose existence was turned upside-
down by something they couldn't control. For hunters,
it was the Heralds' intervention in their lives. For
ghosts, it was the simple arrival of death.

Also, like hunters, ghosts are motivated creatures
and many are as confused about their state as most
imbued are. So maybe it's hunters' duty to help such
kindred spirits find some resting place.

Ofcourse, cynical hunters are quick to point out that
these arguments for aiding ghosts ignore fundamental
points: Ghosts are parasites that survive off human emo-
tions. They alsocan undergo dangerous personality shifts,
during which they can do tremendous harm.

Still, some hunters — particularly Visionaries,
Innocents, Redeemers, Martyrs and the occasional
Judge — believe the similarities between spirit and
hunter are sufficient common grounds for helping a
ghost find any true afterlife.


Moving On

Abandoning this reality to attain a final reward
involves letting go of all ties to a previous life, and thus
aghost's sense of identity as she understands it. There
are as many ways of helping a spirit meet this challenge
as there are restless dead. All approaches fall into one of
two categories, however. The being must either let go of
the needs and wants that persist from before or seek to
complete tasks left unfulfilled in life.

Weicuinc Anchors

A ghost's persistent obsessions are typically other people
or possessions, and these items are often a spirit's secondary
anchors. Ghosts must let go of emotional attachments to
anchors in order to move on. This isn't simply a matter of
abandoning items. The ghost has to realize that while an
anchor was once important, things have changed and it must
allow life to continue without its otherworldly influence.

Some Ideas:

* A ghost is obsessed with its workplace, especially
the desk at which it wasted so much of its life. A Merciful
hunter might learn something of the spirit's past and try
to persuade fellow imbued that the ghost is not to blame
foranger at the employers who mistreated it. The hunters
can simply destroy the desk and dispose of the spirit
without putting it to rest, or they can convince the ghost
to stop haunting co-workers and accept that its job is in
the past and was never that important, anyway.

* A person died inacaraccident, plunging offa bridge
into a river. A present intended for a boyfriend was in the
vehicle. The accident victim, now a walker, is unable to
rest until the gift is delivered — and no one will stand in
her way, not even the guy's new girlfriend. Can the
characters track down the present (see the rules for detect-
ing anchors, p. 94), which may now be in the hands of the
police or someone who found it on the river bank — or
might still be underwater? And can they convince the
intended recipient that it is a gift from his long-dead love?
Afterall, wouldn't it be better for the poor guy if someone
other than the zombie delivered the gift to him?

¢ A knife used to end someone's life (and to
condemn him to existence as a rot) rests in a police
evidence locker. The zombie never saw it — he was
stabbed from behind. He wants one look at the weapon
that killed him so he can confirm the identity of his
murderer. Can the hunters help him get to the weapon?
Casvinc OFF

Another means to moving on is letting go of life's
driving ambitions and emotions. This transition is more
profound than letting go of anchors. The imbued most
convince the "monster" to literally change its frame of mind.
Agreeing not to interfere while remaining in the presence of
somethingorsomeone that inspiresan emotion isn'tenough.
The spirit must actually choose to abandon its former goals
and passions — the meaning of its life — forever.

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING

These feats can be accomplished in two ways. The
simpler one is to achieve an ambition or fulfill a passion
with hunters' assistance. Such tasks can be relatively
basic: The hunters might help a ghost reach a former
lover three states away, to whom the ghost wishes to say
a final farewell (whether benevolent or malevolent).
Or fulfilling an ambition can be demanding: A ghost
wants his daughter to take up the guitar again, believing
she has thrown away a promising career. How on Earth
can the hunters persuade her to resume her art?

The complex and challenging way to reconcile a
ghost's emotions involves showing the spirit that its
feelings are no longer relevant. This means roleplaying
— intensely. In the examples above, characters might
have to demonstrate to the ghost that her ex-lover is
now happy with someone else and that delving into the
past would only cause harm. The dead father might
need to be persuaded that his daughter has her own life
and ambitions, and that his intentions would only
interfere. Obviously, there can be no rules for changing
a spirit's mind. The characters simply have to be com-
pelling, convincing the entity that its time is past.

Other ideas for reconciling ambitions and emotional ties:

* A business rival drove a woman's company into
bankruptcy and provoked to the owner to commit suicide.
Do the hunters help her ghost take revenge or do they
persuade it that any such quest is futile? Maybe the rival's
own business is now in trouble. Maybe the hunters con-
vince the ghost to help the rival avoid the spirit's own fate.

* A young girl lost her life while protesting the
development of a natural area. Do the hunters help under-
mine the construction? Do they convince her that her
death was an unavoidable accident and she should forget
the whole thing? Or do they get her to use her supernatural
abilities to help her fellow protestors one last time?

+ A ghost's doctoral thesis sits nearly finished in her
laptop. Can the hunters help her gain access to the
computer and have it submitted posthumously? Or do
they make her realize that academic qualifications aren't
important anymore? This story can involve dealing
with unfulfilled desires (getting the doctorate) and
letting go of an anchor (the laptop).

Yue Reward

Decidingwhena ghost orzombie attains the required
perspective to move on lies entirely with the Storyteller.
Aspirit's realization shouldn't come easily. Both hunters
and their ghostly counterparts should go through some
profound changes in the course of the story.

Before a ghost transcends, you should be satisfied
that the characters have been sufficiently persuasive
and helpful, and that it's plausible for the spirit to know
that her time with the living is done. The hunters'
involvement is crucial. They, not any ghosts, are the
stars of the show. If they haven't done enough, a ghost
doesn't find its final reward any time soon.

o—


It's quite likely that hunters disagree on the best way
to aid a spirit. If these discussions become heated, the
negative emotions generated could trigger a personality
shift in the ghost, as described on p. 104. That makes the
hunters' lives a lot more difficult, especially if the ghost's
dark side feeds them misleading information.

Helping a ghost find its reward can change hunters in
that they have a resounding new understanding of the
restless dead. It's one thing to try to help a ghost exist
peaceably with the world, but another entirely to see it put
to rest once and for all. A hunter who accomplishes this
goal is probably loath to do a spirit or zombie harm again,
unless the being is clearly uncompromising and dangerous.

Ofcourse, making other imbued recognize the good
of aiding spirits can be nigh impossible, especially with
those as determined to destroy as are their worst undead
counterparts. The compulsion to aid rather than harm
"the enemy" can even create a permanent rift between
the chosen, if not make them outright opponents.

Hering Hunrers See vie Ligur

There are several ways in which the imbued can be
drawn into a spirit's quest to find its final resting place.

Avengers

This creed is perhaps the most difficult to work into
a final-reward story. There are ways of doing it, though.

Ifa ghost or an Avenger's fellow hunters can con-
vince her that the only way to get rid of the spirit for
good is to help it achieve a transcendent state, perhaps
she can be persuaded to help.

Maybe an Avenger feels sympathy for a ghost who
seeks revenge against his murderer as a means to fulfill
his concerns from life. An Avenger might also identify
with and respect the ghost of a soldier or cop killed in
the line of duty. Perhaps that spirit tries to finish some
task that an untimely death left undone.

Derenpers

A Defender could perceive one of the restless dead
hovering near a woman, but also see that the ghost
doesn't actually pose a direct threat. The hunter might
find a way to ensure the safety of the woman without
attacking the spirit. When the entity suggests putting it
to rest, perhaps by getting a message to its loved one by
mundane means rather than by its often terrifying
tricks, how can the protector refuse?
Innocents

"Wide-eyes" inherent tendency to learn about crea-
tures make theirs one of the most likely creeds to discover
the possibility of ghosts' final reward. Some spirits with
unfinished business are so pathetically happy to be recog-
nized and talked to by the living that they willingly reveal
the circumstances of their death and perhaps even some
truths about their unearthly condition.

Innocents champion their creed when they dis-
cover and help a "monster" who wants to do one final

good turn before passing on. A young ghost that seeks to
relieve its mother's grief is an excellent example.

Jupees

Followers of the path of Judgment are faced with a
dilemma when they learn that spirits can seek transcen-
dence. Judges are typically burdened with the
responsibility of choosing which ghosts are worth aid-
ing and which must be put down. This is never a simple
matter. Just because a ghost seeks relief doesn't mean
the methods it uses meet a Judge's strict standards of
right and wrong. Can a Judge tolerate violence against
a living person? How about theft? Is it acceptable to
allow (or even help) a ghost kill its own murderer? Such
are the moral decisions that define the Judgment creed.

A would-be helpful Judge might even negotiate
terms of assistance that are acceptable for the character.
Perhaps the Judge won't countenance physical revenge
against a killer, but will help expose him to police.

Even if hunters decide to aid a spirit, Judges con-
stantly question their course to assure that the deceased
is what she claims. Indeed, Judges are unlikely to ever
trust a spirit fully, and instead always measure its actions
and words for signs of betrayal (signs that the twisted side
of a ghost's personality can be all too willing to display).

Only through its upright actions, keeping its word
and avoiding doing harm to others can a ghost win the
grudging trust of this suspicious creed.

Marrvas

For Martyrs, helping spirit move on to paradise is just
another way that they give of themselves to cleanse the
world. These hunters are prepared to donate their time and
passion to help a ghost find a way out of purgatory.

"Masochists" are the hunters most likely to act asa
ghost's "hands" in the mortal world, to complete a task
thata ghost cannot. Perhaps the spirit seeks someone to
look after her orphaned daughter, and a Martyr takes it
upon herself to adopt the child. Such sacrifices can have
far-reaching implications in your chronicle. Another
burden is the last thing most hunters need. Yet, sacrifice
is just what these imbued are about.

Atthe other extreme, a Martyr might help a violent
orabusive ghost to prevent colleagues from being harmed
by it in combat. Better that the character risk herself
than others should. Perhaps the Martyr even helps the
ghost do something morally reprehensible, at the ex-
pense of the hunter's own peace of mind, to ensure that
other people go unharmed and the spirit passes.
Revezwers

Members of this creed are ideally suited to a final
rest story. The themes of moving on — wrongs to be
righted and self-acceptance to be achieved — lie at the
heart of forgiveness and reconciliation.

A Redeemer who doesn't jump at the chance to
help a ghost lay its past to rest is a poor example of his


creed. Spirits that appeal to a healer's sensibilities often
seek to atone for the mistakes of their lives. A ghost who
pilfered from his company's pension funds might seek a
Redeemer's aid to lead investigators to his foreign bank
accounts so the money can be repaid.

A Redeemer is unlikely to help a ghost who seeks
vengeance, however, which would only perpetuate the
spiral of violence that can encompass the restless dead.

Visionaries

Aprophetisnaturally attracted to the idea ofhelping
a spirit find its final reward. Doing so is a revolutionary
way of dealing with the supernatural crisis. Helping also
bolsters a Visionary's purpose on the mission: She wit-
nesses or is made aware of greater truths in the universe,
that there is more to reality than its physical aspect. That
understanding might be used to cure the world's ills.

A Visionary could also change a ghost's mind about
the best way to proceed in coming to terms with its
existence. A rot dead-set on killing his wife because she
was unfaithful while he lived might be shown that
leaving her alive is greater punishment — if she's now
alone and destitute, for example. Although the alterna-
tive to death is not overly charitable, it is an alternative
to the destructive option the spirit pursued.

EveryTHING CHANGES

A successful story about helping a ghost achieve its
final reward should change several things in your
chronicle. The revelation that there truly is some form of
paradise — beyond a lingering, miserable existence in
this world — probably has a profound impact on the way
hunters understand life, death and their calling. If there
is some higher purpose and a better place for souls to go,
can characters justify destroying zombies and ghosts —
even violent ones—ever again? Phantoms may suddenly
change from being perceived as menaces to unfortunate
beings barred from their intended destination. Does
talking, not fighting, become hunters' new first reaction?
If it does, how long is it before hunters learn that ghosts
and zombies come in all shades of good and evil?

Turn these revelations, issues and dilemmas on players
by allowing all creatures the same benefit of the doubt. If
characters question the imperative to destroy rots, shouldn't
bloodsuckers and shapechangers be given the same consid-
eration? Perhaps they, too, can be put at ease, ending the
cycle that creates more monsters (thenagain, anightcrawler
onakillingspree—who turnsout to have beenaserial killer
in life —can demonstrate that evil isa force that transcends
morals and even the line between life and death).

Religious hunters confronted with proof of an after-
life may find vindication for everything that they've ever
believed in. Suddenly, their hunt assumes all the more
meaning—they're doing the right thing afterall, and the
Messengers have helped them achieve such good. Then
again, a religious person's passion for the hunt may die

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING

when exposure to a genuine otherworld or paradise
refutes or contradicts what she's always believed. "How
can I keep doing this when all my reasons are wrong?"
The hunt mightneverbe the same again, or the character
might find new motivation for carrying on.

Visionary characters can be deeply affected by con-
firmation of a final reward. They receive an answer to one
of life's most haunting and fundamental questions. How
does this knowledge alter or shape their long-term under-
standing of the mission? Where should it be taken? How
far can a message of the hunt's "true" purpose be spread?
Can others be convinced of a true "Heaven," or do they
dismiss a Visionary as a crackpot? For some imbued,
destruction is easier to embrace than paradise.

The further a seer goes in pursuit of Vision (the
higher her Virtue rating), the more likely she might be to
bargain with spirits to learn even greater truths. A
glimpse of Heaven may quicken her desire to learn more
about the hidden universe. Suddenly, making deals with
the dead for information may be acceptable at almost any
price — possibly ones that other imbued cannot tolerate.
For these Visionaries, if the ultimate end of the hunt is
fulfilled, what does the short-term suffering or even the
lives of some people mean in the here and now?

Visionary extremists, informed of paradise's exist-
ence, could also turn their thirst for further knowledge
against spirits. No living people need be hurt ifa seer can
appropriate a ghost's anchors and demand information in
exchange for their safekeeping. The quest for understand-
ing reaches new heights, but at the expense of spirits that
might crave paradise for themselves. Hunters sympathetic
to ghosts' condition might rail against the blackmail or
torture of spirits, leading to conflict with Visionaries who
are "supposed to give the hunt direction for all."

There's an even steeper downside to perceiving the
ultimate reward, and it applies to all hunters: So char-
acters make tremendous efforts to help one spiritachieve
salvation. What good are their efforts when ghosts and
zombies seem to linger and stagger everywhere? Perhaps
after relieving one ghost, the characters go for a
celebratory drink at a bar only to discover a half-dozen
ghosts anchored to the pub. The entities may not be
disruptive or harmful, but they're there, and the hunt-
ers' work is clearly cut out for them.

How much effort will it take to help all spirits? Is it
worth it? Is the mission ultimately futile, and the revela-
tion of a final reward just a Sisyphean torment?
Comprehending Heaven's existence but suffering im-
mense trials to help only a handful of spirits find it can
drive some imbued to abandon the mission altogether.
Relieving a ghost of this world can give characters hope
that there is more to their calling than they once
thought, but it can also be a cruel blow that emphasizes
the futility of their efforts. Characters therefore never
lose sight of the horror they're up against.

a=


HUNYER: THE WALKING DEAD

SvoRYTECLING RECONCILIATION

There's a process to designing stories about spirits
deserving sympathy and assistance, rather than abuse.
Always remember that this is a Hunter game and that
the imbued are the protagonists. The characters should
be instrumental, not peripheral, to helping ghosts
achieve their objectives. Indeed, a ghost might noteven
recognize an opportunity to put its past life aside and
move on. The characters might have to illustrate or
confront the being with the possibility.

No matter how it happens, helping a ghost achieve its
final reward should never be an easy solution. It should be
a struggle that could take several game sessions to resolve.

The direction of the story is probably influenced by the
characters' creeds. Merciful are willing to help because doing
so corresponds with their identities. Visionaries might offer
assistance as an exploration of ghostly existence and what it
means for the living. The Zealous might help rather than
harm ghosts if harm proves futile or the being is a kindred
spirit, another soul that appreciates taking a stand and
fighting for what's right (to its mind, anyway).

The simplest approach to helping a ghost make
peace with the living is to encourage characters to help it
fulfill its lingering tasks. These can range from ensuring
the safety ofaplace, object or person to bringing murderer
of the deceased to justice. The spirit still lingers, but it
feels no compulsion to do further harm or torment.

More challenging but much more fulfilling is inspir-
ing characters to persuade a ghost to relinquish its life
and afterlife. This approach involves characters feeling
sympathy for the spirit and winning its trust — or it
winning theirs. Then the hunters have to learn what
keeps the ghost here: the passions that drive it and the
anchors that weigh it. Characters must realize that the
ghost has to change its outlook on life. Characters can
perceive this necessity by witnessing the futility of a
ghost's existence. Maybe it hovers around a loved one
but really can't affect the changes it desires. Making a
ghost recognize the need for reconciliation is accom-
plished through extensive roleplaying. The result just
might be one fewer spirit haunting the living world.

Stories about coming to terms with ghosts are best
suited to a mature troupe, one that's prepared to plunge
into the psychology of desire and regret. Players who
experience and are inspired by the basics of understand-
ing ghosts—the discovery ofanchorsand the recognition
of ghosts' motivations — are the most likely to be
interested in telling a story of ghostly redemption.

Tne Resucr

Serena fidgeted nervously. "How much longer are we
going to wait? The police will be here any minute."

"Shhh," Talbot responded. "Just watch."

The two spirits starting moving tentatively to the '50s
music blaring from the stereo system. By Talbot's reckoning,


it was over 30 years since the abandoned dance hall had
resounded with anything like it.

As the beat picked up, the ghosts danced with greater and
greaterenthusiasm, spinning, twirlingand jumping without disturb-
inga single cobweb or the dust that lay thick on the floor. Serena
found her foot tapping to the music, despite herself. Dammit, she
was enjoying this. And so, it appeared, were the deaders.

After the music reached its climax, it faded slowly. The
ghosts began to fade bit by bit, in time with the final notes.
Their beaming faces were visible till the last, however.

"Told you," Talbot gloated.

Okay, so hunters can help spirits find their final
salvation. That's fine in theory, but how do you actually
portray it in a game? There are numerous ways you can
depict a spirit's ascension, and without necessarily re-
sorting to ridiculous melodrama. Indeed, the simplest
way to express a ghosts' final departure is most in
keeping with Hunter's minimalist, low-key, even mun-
dane mood: The ghost simply fades away.

If your players prefer a touch more drama, there's
always the archetypal tunnel of light, as seen in films
such as Ghost and The Prighteners (the latter of which
could be about a dedicated Martyr going to any lengths
to deal with a homicidal ghost). Other ghosts or even
"angelic" beings could appear to take the now-peaceful
soul to its final rest. Or the penitent spirit could trans-
form into a beam of light that pierces the clouds and
lights up the landscape for one moment of painful
beauty. Ultimately, the portrayal you choose should suit
the theme and mood of your story or chronicle.

Ascene abouta spirit finding paradise might be heart-
warming, but don't forget the complications. If a
transcended being occupied a corpse, the characters have
arotting body on their hands. If you're generous, you could
have it crumble away or disintegrate as part of the whole
process. The problems of dealing with a lingering corpse
are very much in keeping with Hunter, though: ordinary
people in anything but ordinary circumstances. After the
lofty success of a final-reward story, the gruesomeness of
dealing with a nauseating body brings characters back to
reality, especially because they have to dispose of the
corpse without the authorities' intervention.

Whatever finale you choose foraspirit's passing, make
sure players gain some sense of achievement from it, even
if the feeling is fleeting. Helping rather than harming a
spirit allows characters a rare sense of doing the right thing
—abrief flash of hope in the grim life that hunters endure.

The key is to grant players a feeling of success and
aclear message that there is something more to charac-
ters' existence than simply stalking and destroying. Any
character who contributes to this conclusion by up-
holding (or re-evaluating) the values of her creed should
probably receive bonus Conviction points. Even simple
participants in the event, whether willing or not, should
gain at least one point.

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING

Tue Dancers

Although hunters understanding spirits leads to
all-new possibilities for your chronicle, don't let your
game devolve into "ghost friends" or the "Scooby gang"
telling helpful stories. The setting is still the World of
Darkness, and few mobile corpses play nice.

If the hunters become too complacent about the
walking dead — "They can all be helped" — throw a
couple of angry ghosts at them (see below). Perhaps a
spirit tries to convince characters that she seeks resolu-
tion but actually uses them to do her dirty work. She
might claim that the anchor of a rival ghost is hers, and
that "destroying it is the only way Ill come to terms with
my life."

Better yet, introduce a ghost who thinks his way to
the next world is through the death or defilement of a
living person. How do the hunters react to this request?
Does the ghost trick them into helping? And how does
the ghost react if the characters refuse to help or if they
turn on it after its misleading them?

The motivation of every rot and ghost is different.
Precious few have outlooks that coincide with hunters'
and make meaningful dialogue easy. Maybe a ghost's
expectations of a final meeting with an enemy are
completely different from the sentimental parting that
hunters anticipate.

Remember that ghosts' personalities are turbulent.
Their dark sides can take over without warning and cause
them to turn on hunter "allies" the way a rabid dog attacks
its master. Aiding a ghost can bea dangerous and unpredict-
able task, and hard-won trust can be destroyed in amoment.

Indeed, unless players are willing to burn their pre-
cious Conviction like it's going out of style, characters
make only occasional contact with a sympathetic ghostly
associate. What's it really up to when they can't see it?
And if the ghost needs to make contact, it probably has
to use tricks to do so. That means it expends Pathos,
which can exhaust the spirit and open the door for its
dark side to come through. Furthermore, how easy is it to
trust words that appear spontaneously on a computer
monitor or that are written in insects on a wall? Some-
times, ghosts' means of communication are only reminders
of their supernatural existence (not to mention that
bizarre contact from a ghost, such as letters in blood,
could really manifest from any spirit, and one might set
another up for a fall at characters' hands).

Finally, other hunters might not tolerate charac-
ters' sympathy for the enemy. Trying to help a ghost can
turn into a desperate race to save it before other imbued
destroy it. Diametrically opposed outlooks on spirits
canalsoresult in direct conflict between hunters. Would
determined Avengers really condone another hunter's
assistance of a ghost? Maybe the "betrayer" is consid-
ered part of the problem, not the solution.


Aycry Guosys

A drop of blood fell on the middle of the blueprint,
obscuring the area Serena examined. She sighed and smeared
it somewhat with a tissue. Glancing up, she discovered a
string of obscenities written in gore on the ceiling.

"Come out, come out, whereveryouare," she calledinasing-
songwoice. She'dseen toomany of these petty displays tobe bothered
much, especially when she used the sight she'd been given.

The ghost that emerged through the wall and walked toward
her wasn't what she expected. Its body was scorched and
twisted, with whole chunks missing. Its eyes were pure black and
set into a skull that looked as if it had spent time under the tender
care of a hammer. Its mouth was set into a snarl.

"What do you want?" Serena asked. "I'mwilling to listen."

The ghost said nothing but continued to stalk forward.

"Icanhelp you," sheannouncedalmostasawaming, feeling
nervous now. How come this worked for Talbot but not her?

With a roar of pure anger, the ghost leaped at her, and
the pain began.

The most experienced hunters, as far as that descrip-
tor applies, have begun to notice variations in ghostly
nature. In particular, at least one type seems to con-
sciously resist or dismiss the helpful overtures of even
persistent hunters. These ghosts appear to be consumed
by their own fury and determined to vent it on the living.

Monsvers Amonc Moxsrers

The Walking Dead offers many ways for hunters to
interact with the dead beyond tracking and undoing
them. "Angry ghosts" are the flip side. They are destruc-
tion personified, the demonic aspect of ghosts made
manifest. Should a hunter ever downplay ghosts' threat
or become complacent in dealings with them, angry
spirits teach a valuable lesson — assuming the hunter
survives to learn it.

Angry ghosts are the result of a normal ghost's dark
side taking control once and for all. Too much exposure
to negative emotions twists a ghost's perspective, and it
becomes obsessed with spreading misery, pain and fear.

While angry ghosts differ only slightly from "stan-
dard" spirits and zombies in system terms, their behavior
is quite different. Traditional ghosts and zombies have
as many motivations as there are spirits. Angry ghosts
and their walking dead equivalents have but one: de-
struction. They have no qualms about who or what they
hurt in their pursuit. In fact, hurting more and more
people is their pursuit. They take genuine pleasure in
inflicting suffering on those who oppose them — or who
just happen to be within reach.

Any hunter, regardless of creed, is eventually com-
pelled to destroy these brutes. There is no redemption
for such corrupt spirits. They are monsters, pure and
simple. Unfortunately, some would-be helpful imbued
have to learn that the hard way.

Warning of angry-ghost presence offered by the
Heralds — if any occurs at all — is often unequivocal:
"DESTRUCTION WALKS AMONG YOU," "HA-
TRED BEARS FORM" ot "DEATH DESCENDS." Let
players decide how their characters react from there.

Tue Navure oF rHe Beasy

Some minor systems differences exist between an-
gry ghosts and their "normal" counterparts.

Angry ghosts feed exclusively on dark emotions
—hate, anger, jealousy, despair and terror—as opposed
to any others, as detailed in the HSC, p. 11.

* Angry ghosts all have primary anchors by virtue
of being blasted into the living world, along with other
ghosts. The same rules for primary anchors apply to
them. When angry ghosts range too far from primary
anchors, however, or those items are destroyed, these
spirits simply seem to fade from the living world rather
than be torn apart. The health levels that angry ghosts
lose to "damage" suffered from the storm are actually a
measurement of the rate at which they fade, not an
indicator of how storm-thrashed they are. It's as if the
ghosts are drawn or summoned back to the underworld
rather than pulled down or ripped to pieces.

Angry ghosts can also have secondary anchors and
can resort to them when primary ones are lost. These
spirits are certainly more powerful and fierce than their
"lesser" counterparts, as if their loathing and hatred is
too powerful for even forces of the dead world to rein in.
Angry ghosts' secondary anchors tend to be the things
and people they really hated in life.

© Exposure to positive emotions or repeated use of
tricks causes personality shifts in angry ghosts. These are
the exact opposite of normal ghosts' changes. Instead of
becoming more destructive and vicious, they become
congenial, almost as if they have a "light side" struggling
to emerge, just as conventional spirits have a dark side.
Duringa shift, an angry ghost becomes more rational and
works to protect others from its own excesses. It may also
warn people, help others who seek to stop its abuses, and
try and undo damage already done. Otherwise, shifts
work exactly as they do for "normal" spirits.

* Angry ghosts possess an uncanny ability to com-
municate with other angry ghosts and can call on two to
three others of their kind on short notice. They may
even contact and influence regular ghosts whose dark
sides are currently active (see Distant Whispers, p. 115,
and Summon Angry Ghosts, p. 116).

Srorvretting Angry Guosys

Most ghosts are little different from motivated
humans in their attitudes. Angry ghosts have largely
abandoned the trappings of human desires or feelings.
Most are howling brutes, existing only for the destruc-
tion of others and themselves.


There are a few, however, that are cunning and
wily. Their interaction with the living world is calcu-
lated. They play their hand only when it accomplishes
something toward a long-term goal — usually destruc-
tion on a sweeping level —and can be quite intelligent.
Some even approach hunters in a friendly manner and
seek to convince them of their ghostly good intentions
before duping the imbued into actions that they might
just live long enough to regret.

These strategic angry ghosts or zombies are quite
capable of acting like any other ghost if it suits them.
Huntersare hard-pressed to ever tell them apart from other
types of walking dead. Use of an edge such as Witness
might offer some clue that what hunters face is more
vicious than it appears, however. Flashes or insights might
depict the rotclearly enjoying torturing ordebasing people,
or committing repeated acts of cold-blooded murder.

The final aim of both manipulative and just-plain-
vicious angry ghosts is the same: destruction of others
and then of themselves. They seek to spread pain and
misery with an almost evangelical joy and go laughing
to their own end if it serves their cause.

Ancay Guosr Profits

The profiles of angry ghosts are broadly the same as
those of other ghosts. There are a few differences,
however. Perception and Stamina are usually two points
lower than average, whereas Intelligence and Manipu-
lation are a point or two higher.

The following represents an average angry ghost.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2,Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1, Perception 2,
Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 3, Alertness 4,
Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Computer 2, Crafts 2, Dodge 5,
Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Expression 4, Intimidation 5,
Investigation 3, Leadership 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine4,
Occult 4, Politics 4, Science 3, Security 4, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 5, Survival 5, Technology 1

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 8

Tricks: This book details new tricks available to
"normal" and angry ghosts (see p. 114). Otherwise, all
tricks and powers listed in the HSC and rulebook are
available to angry ghosts.

Tuessaty Rutes

Storytellers who wish to integrate a visit to Chapter 5's
Taenarus, the onetime headquarters of the Orphic Circle,
into their chronicle may find the following information
useful. The place is just crawling with angry ghosts, so this
information is best suited here.

This remote region of Thessaly is "consecrated"
ground for evil spirits. Their control is contested by other
spirits that wish to contain the influence of the evil ones,

however. The result is a place of exceeding danger for the
imbued, who are well-advised to steer clear — if they
think that's a luxury they (and the world) can afford.

Yue Enchanren Fores

Intrepid hunters who elect to go "into the woods"
find getting to Taenarus at least half the problem. The
walking dead who stalk the forest are locked into a war
of would-be attrition. The opposing sides use physical
force to destroy any foe they encounter, which includes
living intruders. Hunters have no easy way to distin-
guish between the two sides, not that it really matters.

Worse than the threat to life and limb that awaits
anyone who ventures into the local forest is the barrier
that separates Taenarus from the outside world. To keep
interlopers away from the sinkhole of maleficence that
the mansion has become, creatures in the woods have
pooled their powers to warp time and space so that
people traveling on foot become lost forever. Com-
passes and global-positioning equipment fail here. To
find a path through (or even back out of) the warped area
requires an appropriate level-five edge — that is, one
possessed by a Storyteller character.

Despite any emails she might exchange with other
imbued, or any plans she might agree to with same,
Oracle herself never meets with any characters travel-
ing to Thessaly. The only signs anyone is able to find of
her ever having been in Greece are trees marked "dan-
ger" and a cave mouth that has the imbued symbol for
"haunted" etched into its stone.

You may introduce another such powerful — and
incomprehensible — imbued to lead a party through the
traps of the enchanted forest. Even so, the most vigorous
hikers find penetrating the trackless, dense (almost super-
naturallyso) woodssufficiently arduous that only characters
who possess 4 Stamina and 3 Survival can make the trip
afoot in the hours between dawn and twilight. And at
twilight, the dead things begin to walk the woods. ...

Characters who try to use all-terrain vehicles in the
region find them actively dangerous: In the warped
zone, throttles work in reverse of their design, causing
drivers to race forward when they wish to slow down.
Brakes snag at inconvenient times or fail altogether.
Batteries catch fire or explode, and so on.

Really clever characters who think to fly in via
helicopter or other vertical-take-off-and-landing vehicle
learn the hard way that the "irreality bubble" surrounds
Taenarus spherically, not in a mere ring at ground level.
A pilot with at least 3 Dexterity might crash-land in the
forest in such a way that any characters aboard who
succeed ona Dexterity + Athletics roll, difficulty 9, might
be able to crawl away from the wreckage... and into the
Forest of No Return. At that point, the hunters' putative
campaign becomes a dire quest for survival. A pilot of
lesser Dexterity suffers a crash that's fatal to all aboard;
kind-hearted Storytellers may wish to give members ofan

a=


aerially inclined group dreams ot visions of riding on a
firebird and being consumed in the flames.

Ofcourse, an alternative exists for folks who reject
the idea of orienteering their way through a place where
compasses tell lies and the walking dead await...

Tue Onrnic Caverns

In Chapter 5, Oracle exits a cave system at an
opening not far off a road between Kalambaka and the
mountains. Extremely clever characters might think,
based on the way the extremist walks freely into day-
light, that this route must lead back to the mansion itself
and allow adventurous spelunking types to reach
Taenarus easily, without having to rub shoulders with
the walking dead. They're only half-right.

The Orphic caves run extensively beneath the Pindus
Mountains (and theoretically give access to Taenarus). A
caver with 4 Survival and 3 Stamina could penetrate the
underground system just far enough to encounter the
irteality bubble —if the thousands of evil spirits who infest
the caves don't overwhelm him first. Even before the time/
space warp is encountered, the caves themselves prove to
be downright labyrinthine to anyone without prior caving
experience, never mind the disembodied horrors that lurk
there. A bunch of Cleave-wielding Avenger wackos might
be able to fight their way to the irreality perimeter (where,
without a Storyteller character to guide them, they'd
become hopelessly lost), but chances are they would
exhaust their Conviction and fall prey to the vicious
apparitions haunting the subterranean abattoir. The one
advantage of imbued who have the good sense to tun tail
and run (before they reach the warp zone, thatis) isthat the
evil spirits haunting the tunnels cannot venture outside.

TReMRRUS

The reward for any hunter lucky (foolhardy) enough
toactually reach the remnants of the Orphic headquarters
is... certain death. Orat best the chance to become a shell
for one of the evil spirits who guard the oak tree. The tree
itself withstands any attempt to affect it, by the way. Sorry.
The imbuedare simply notup tothe task. Anyone whogets
far enough to try dies heroically, end of story.

Again, kind-hearted Storytellers may want to give
repeated and dire portents of doom to anyone who insists
on venturing someplace even angels should fear to tread.

SPEAKERS WITH THE DEAD

Talbot and Jason covered the ground from the hospital to
the parking lot in silence. Jason unlocked the doors and slipped
into the driver's seat. Talbot entered on the passenger side.

Jason was the first to speak. ‘"She'd better be all right,"
he said. "If she isn't, I'llwreck every bloody spook in town!"

Talbot sighed. "Jason, I'mas upset about Serena.as you
are, but I thought we'd learned more than that by now."

Jason glared at him. "Listen you arrogant bastard,
you can go and—"

<=

He was interrupted by a knock at Talbot's window. An
earnest young woman with long auburn hair and a curiously
childish nose gestured at them to wind down the window.
Talbot glanced at Jason, who nodded.

Talbot held the button until the window was half down.
"Can I help you?"

She flashed him a slightly worrying smile. "I've got a
message for you."

"From who?" Talbot asked.

"Notsomuchwhoas where," she replied, giggling slightly.
"Ie's from, well, the other side. You know — the spirit world."

"From a ghost?"

"Yeah. He says the tense guy there is next."

Legends tell of othersin the world, outside the imbued,
who can see and deal with ghosts. They're called mediums,
seers or fortunetellers. The stories about them might even
be true. Should you choose to introduce "normal" people
with the ability to talk to the dead in your game, they
should be so rare that the players' characters are probably
the first of the imbued to ever encounter them (Shaka's
inconclusive experiences with the concept of mediums in
Chapter 3 strike at only afew truths about these mysterious
people). Mediums' scarcity reaffirms the fact that hunters
only barely realize the depth of monster infiltration in the
world. There are alwaysnew dangers to face, some of which
must be met without guidance from other imbued — a
harsh lesson for hunters who rely on the Internet for
information about the enemy.

Despite mediums' normal-seeming countenance, there
is clearly something "off" or "wrong" about them. Second
sight reveals them to be abnormal, not completely mun-
dane, touched somehow by the supernatural. Edges such as
Illuminate, Witness and Discern reveal them to have
subtle auras, traces of death about them or signs of past
contact with spirits — whatever is appropriate to the
power used. Mediums can vary wildly from fairground
fortunetellers to members of militant ghost-hunting orga-
nizations. Some might be intent on aiding the dead, others
on opposing them. In other words, mediums can be just
about any people you want them to be — whoever will
surprise or shake up the characters and players.

Hunters who encounter mediums probably share
their experiences on hunter chat lists or by word of
mouth. Many posters or confidants respond with specu-
lation that mediums are a form of warlock that specializes
indealings with the dead. Others might advise characters
tolook forthe same luck-changing capabilities associated
with witches. Still others refute these connections be-
cause there just haven't been enough encounters between
warlocks and hunters to draw such conclusions.

A few hunters online even propose that mediums
are allied to nightstalkers who seem to have a knack for
controlling the dead. These suggestions are almost
universally shouted down as ridiculous, but may be no
less valid than other assumptions.


If you want a full treatment of mediums, read the
Wraith book Mediums: Speakers with the Dead. You
don't need to for Hunter purposes, though.

Using Mepiuns

Those rare individuals born with the ability to
communicate with the dead can perform several roles in
a Hunter chronicle.

Tue Goon

Mediums can communicate with ghosts with far
more facility than hunters can. If the characters can
strike up some sort of rapport with a medium, they
might be able to glean some useful information about
the next world's denizens. Mediums might also initiate
a meaningful dialogue between the dead and the im-
bued, which can lead to final-reward style stories. A
ghost might know what needs to be done for it to find
peace, having witnessed what hunters are capable of,
and a medium is a useful means to make contact with
the characters. Or a medium could be familiar with a
dangerous spirit and approach the characters for help;
perhaps she has caught wind of rumors among the dead
about these strange "aware" people.

j} to find out where the rots are hiding, then deal with ff
the whole damn shooting match at once — corpses,
} diviners and whatever else."

Defenders — "The ones that prey on the gullible,
with their seances and messages from dead relatives? }}
They're probably just fakes. The ones that can really
lead us to poltergeists? We need to talk to them."

Innocents — "We can speak with the dead. So
can they. Does that make them evil? Does it make us
evil?"

Judges — "I'll go by what they do, not by what
they can do."

Martyrs — "Maybe we can learn from these #
people. They give up so much, and so many people |
question their sanity, just because they try to help #

I) the living and dead keep talking."

|  Redeemers —"A tool in our mission. Every spirit
they help us understand and aid isa point in their favor.

|| However, some of these miserable souls, constantly

i} subjected to the demands of the dead, might require

j} our aid as much as the walking dead do."

Visionaries — "Their insights into the next world jf
should be considered, if not always believed. Use their f

‘wha regular contact with the dead'does to a person?
| There could be a message about our own future hidden |

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING

A lone medium working the carnival circuit would
be a useful, if unreliable, ally. Her regular contact with
the dead might provide leads and clues for the characters
to pursue. They can never predict when she might be in
town, however... orwhen she might take them fora ride.

Ofcourse, if otherworldly beings ever discover that
amedium feeds information to hunters, she might need
the characters' protection — and fast.

A less flamboyant medium, perhaps a middle-aged
man who dabbles in the occult and who has awakened
a latent power, could emerge as a source of mysterious
warnings for characters. He, too, has learned something
of the imbued through conversations with ghosts. But
chances are that he is unwilling to reveal himself
directly for fear of endangering himself and his family.

How does the group react to someone who registers
as unnatural but who has a direct line to the world of the
dead? Do they treat a medium's warnings as help,
misleading information or something else entirely?

Tue Bap

It's easy for mediums to be resistant to hunters, if not
actively opposed to the imbued. After all, the many
responses of hunters to what they perceive to be wrong is
"kill it," and that knee-jerk instinct could be applied to
mediums, too. Since mediums don't have a particularly
binding lease on life, that approach makes hunters — all
of them —a danger. Furthermore, mediums' contact with
the dead can mean they're attached to the deceased —
emotionally and perhaps physically, acting as willing hosts
for spirits to travel the living world. Hunters who harm
ghosts thus harm mediums' friends, allies oreven soulmates.

"Bad" mediums are therefore not so much "evil" as
they are opposed to many hunters' actions or motivations.
Such people might work from the shadows to gather
information about the imbued and blackmail or threaten
them in hopes of ending characters' killing sprees. Perhaps
a fortuneteller is prepared to frame the characters for
murderand reveal them to the authorities (which wouldn't
require much evidence given that hunters leave dead
thingsall over the place). She withholds the evidence only
as long as the characters leave her spirit allies alone.

Ultimately, the relationship between "bad" medi-
ums and hunters is tentative. It usually leads to one of
"good" or "ugly," depending on how interaction be-
tween the two groups proceeds. If the sides make
overtures to communicate with, understand or even
help each other, the first step is taken toward an
ongoing productive association — "We won't kill youif
you don't bring the hosts of Hell down on us.

If the parties make no efforts to come to terms (or at
least tolerate each other), mutual suspicion and mistrust
eventually tum ugly. Huntersand mediums probably fight,
manipulate and rally allies against each other. The result
is probably one group left standing, perhaps barely so.

a =


Tue Usty

A medium can be immediately perceived by hunt-
ers as a traitor working with the dead against the living,
which doesn't necessarily mean he is out to do harm.
Some hunters construe him to be simply by association,
nevertheless. There are many reasons why mediums
might want to contact ghosts. The spirits they ally with
could be deceased family members or friends whom they
trust, for example.

Jane Chalmers lost her husband two years ago. A year
ago, she started getting an odd chillin her house. Three months
ago, she saw her husband again, and now she can talk to him
whenever she likes. He isn't quite as she remembers —he can
be volatile, aggressive sometimes — but she has her James
back, so she won't complain. She'll also do anything to keep
him here and happy for the last few years of her life.

The almost-ordinary nature of mediums can make
them dangerous to hunters for many reasons. Most
mediums live in open society, with friends, family and
business colleagues. That means they and their spirit-
friends have access to normal folk — even hunters'
friends and families — and can get away with almost
anything. So, when even genuinely unassuming medi-
ums happen into violent confrontations with hunters,
they often have little choice but to turn ugly.

Jane found James' old hunting shotgun and kept it nice
and clean, justas he asked. So she was ready when James and
a couple of his late friends came into the house at a run. She
merely pointed the gun at his pursuers and explained that the
police would be far more inclined to believe an 82-year-old
woman protecting her house than a group of young men and
women babbling about ghosts.

If hunters do believe mediums to be as much the
enemy as the actual dead, the question arises of how todeal
with them. Mediums are real people with real lives. They
don't leave months-old corpses, burn up in the sun or fade
away. Killinga medium is murder in society's eyes, if not in
the eyes of many other imbued. Ifaggressive imbued really
want to call down the wrath of God on diviners, the
hunters need to be prepared for the ramifications. And
some fallout may even be felt in the spirit world...

Never ve TWAIN

Inthe event that some hunters and mediums are able
to find common ground in any capacity, they're still
unlikely to become close allies or fast friends. Other
hunters attack mediums outright, so thatmakesall speak-
ers-with-the-dead wary. Many hunters are also ruthless to
mediums' ghostly friends or compatriots. Persecuted ghosts
might decry all hunters as maniacs or destroyers, turning
any potential medium associates into enemies. Indeed,
the dead have watched over the living for centuries,
maybe even ages. "Sowho the hell are these.crazed people
displaying frightening capabilities?" they ask. If it ever
comes down to picking sides, would mediums really
choose the imbued over their eternal associates?

From the hunter standpoint, mediums register as
wrong to second sight and display powers that humans, in
the name of all things right and proper, should not have.
Granted, hunters have powers, too, butassome rationalize,
the imbued still appear normal to the sight. Others believe
themselves chosen by God, and that's all they need to
know. Still other hunters look at their edges and question
their humanity, but not for long. Too much self-examina-
tion can be destructive under the already oppressive weight
of the truth. Assuming mediums to simply be "them' is far
easier than wondering the same about "us."

The upshot is that hunters and mediums view each.
other warily at best.

Srony [Deas

The Rov's Revence

The characters are approached by a medium who has
been harassed by a group of ghosts. According to him, the
spirits were all trapped in the same house until its owner
died in an accident. One of the group was able to take the
corpse for its own and is now one of the walking dead.

The spirits' existence in the building was never very
cordial; they fought with each other constantly. Now
the rot takes its revenge on the remaining ghosts by
attacking their living families and loved ones. The
trapped spirits have turned to the medium for help and
won't leave him alone until he concedes.

Will the characters help?
Tue Hunvens Hunred

While the characters help a ghost find its final
reward, they themselves are subjected to attack by some
other group. Are they other imbued furious at the char-
acters' act of charity? Second sight says "no"; these
attackers are tied to the dead — yet they seem alive and
determined enough. The only way to find out the truth is
to capture one of these people. She has no idea what the
Messengers are, but she sure seems capable of dealing
with the dead and doing some weird things of her own.

Tue Enemy WivHin

The characters seem to be under attack, but by
mundane means. Their phone lines are cut, their cars
are sabotaged and their friends are threatened. Judicious
use of second sight reveals that they are being followed
by ghosts, but who is the spirits' living contact staging
all the assaults? And when the culprit is found, can the
hunters convince him to stop?

Mepiuns' Reitiriss

All the tricks available to mediums have a common
purpose: to allow them to see or interact with the dead.
Various types of mediums use different methods to
activate their particular tricks. Some use a traditional
crystal ball. Others use seances or even meditation. All
of the following tricks apply only to ghosts trapped in
the living world, not to those in any underworld.


Ordinary people are terrified by contact with or
witnessing any sign of spirits or the walking dead. They
routinely flee the scene, become catatonic or carry on
their business while subconsciously refusing to acknowl-
edge what they've perceived around them. Hunters
without active Conviction are also subject to such fear.
Mediums, with their otherworldly magnetism or sensi-
tivity, are exempt from this effect. They can look upon
materialized spirits, hear disembodied moans, stare into
rotting faces and see blood drip from walls without losing
control. Granted, a Willpower roll might be called for to
tolerate particularly disturbing scenes, but mediums can
bear the restless dead for the most part (if hunters could
only recognize this strength they could make allies of
mediums and call upon them in times of need).

Benowo vie Deno

With intense concentration, a medium can clearly
see, hear and contact all the ghosts in his vicinity.

System: Spend two Willpower and roll Perception
+ Awareness, difficulty 7. The number of successes
achieved is the number of minutes for which the me-
dium can see and talk to all spirits and walking dead in
his proximity. Ghosts do not need their own tricks to
talk to the medium while this power is active.

Reveat Yorwenrons

‘When a medium is the target of ghostly powers, she
can call upon this trick to reveal her tormentor.

System: Spend one Willpower and roll Perception
+ Awareness, difficulty 6. Each success reveals one
ghost in the medium's presence who performs or consid-
ers performing hostile actions against the medium.
Helpful or benevolent spirits are not revealed by this
effect. The spirit remains visible to the medium for the
duration of the scene or until it leaves her presence.
Such spirits are not made visible to anyone else unless
the person possesses his own capability to see ghosts.

Tue Loowin Presence

This trick allows a medium to sense an incorporeal
ghost's nearness. Italso inspires an uncomfortable feeling
in the presence of the walking dead. The medium doesn't
know the specific location, identity or intent of the spirit,
nor does she know which "person" in a crowd might be a
life-like zombie. She knows only that one is nearby.

System: Spend one Willpower and roll Perception +
Awareness, difficulty 6. Success tells the medium whether
ghosts or zombies are in the room where the ability is
activated or within 10 yards of the user if outdoors.
Multiple successes indicate the number present. The
sensation is instantaneous, a snapshot of the area.

Witune Host
The medium can open himself to control by possessors.
System: Spend two Willpower and roll Charisma +
Empathy, difficulty 7. Each success lowers the difficulty
ofaghost's effort to use possession tricks (suchas Benign


HUNTER: THE WALKING DEAD

Occupation, Idle Hands or Full Possession from the
HSC) on the medium by one.

Jus So We're Ctear

Mediums' abilities are not available to hunter char-
acters. Sorry, but if a character shows even a trace of
medium capability, the Heralds don't chose her for the
imbuing. Mediums cannot be imbued. The end.

Guosy Cuts

Jason and Serena raced along the street. The hidden they
chased was only yards in front of them. It pushed aman ina
suit out of its way and entered an alley. The hunters rounded
the comer at breakneck speed —and came to a crashing halt.

Standing before them were a half-dozen people, all glaring
and holding makeshift weapons — baseball bats, boards,
pipes. The rot sheltered behind them with a smug look.

One of the group, a short woman in her mid-30s, stepped
forward and said, "I think you might want to reconsider."

"In fact," a man barely out of his teens continued, "you
might want to consider your whole attitude toward our master."

That's when the group moved forward, weapons raised.

Suddenly, Talbot skidded around the corner. He gasped
and gawked at the mob. "They're human, aren't they?"

Serena scowled at him. "Full marks, Sherlock. Any
bright ideas before they kick our asses?"

They're something more than human. They have
supernatural powers. Human nature being what it is,
somebody's going to worship them. Some ghosts and
rots have no compunction about taking advantage of
the human predilection for seeking answers to life's
mysteries. These manipulative dead can establish them-
selves as objects of worship for fanatical mortal cults,
through which the spirits act in the living world.

Indeed, by organizing or adopting a cult of mortals,
the dead gain both a small force of living to carry out
their ambitions and a ready supply of humans in which
to inspire the emotions on which they feed.

In return, most cultists gain the direction their
former lives lacked (or so they believe). A blessed (or
cursed) few gain powers, granted to them by their
restless mentors. Sometimes, the price of power isn't
worth the reward, though.

How a Gut Works

They gather in dark halls, dilapidated homes and
abandoned warehouses. Ordinary people by day, they
don arcane robes of office, daub their faces with paint
and gather in secret on holy nights, full moonsand other
allegedly significant times. Animals are sacrificed. An-
cient incantations are read. Holy symbols defiled. At
the climax of a rite, the practitioners attempt to sum-
mon their dark master.

Sometimes, just sometimes, these rituals work, but
not for the reasons cultists believe. Dramatic outpour-

ings of emotion at such elaborate rituals can lure ghosts
and rots toa cult. When the restless dead discover such
a banquet of emotional energy, few can pass it up.

In fact, some ghosts set out to establish symbiotic
relationships between themselves and potential follow-
ers. Manifestation of even basic tricks can be enough to
convince cultists that they have contacted the being
they seek. Blood dripping from the walls is dead easy to
pull off (no pun intended), and swarms of insects hardly
tire a ghost at all. They know how to play to their public.

Rots and ghosts are happy to use their tricks to fulfill
worshipers' desires. With judicious use of the right powers,
cultists' rivals can be silenced, enemies killed in untraceable
ways, lovers punished or won, and power can be gained. In
return, cultists are more than happy to do their deity favors,
most of which generate the emotions ghosts crave.

Soon, cultists are easy pickings. Whereas a ghost or
rot once promised power, it now demands service in
suitably outrageous fashion: "The great Mal'toth de-
mands your obedience."

Cult activity tends to grab hunters' attention. The
imbued may run into cultists while on the trail of a
monster, or when searching for a friend kidnapped as a
sacrifice in an upcoming ritual. Sometimes, the Heralds
even step in. Perhaps as a character reads a newspaper
report about a kidnapping, the words "THE DEAD.
LEAD THE LIVING" appear inexplicably in the story.

Many of the tools that characters are accustomed to
using on the hunt are useless against cultists, however.
Servants who haven't been granted powers by their ghostly
patrons are "normal" people, so they don'tregister to second
sight or perception edges. Suddenly, even seasoned monster
hunters are like regular people again — in terrible danger
from the supernatural but unable to see or identify its source.
Ironically, practitioners' humanity is what endangers the
imbued most. Cultists can therefore be antagonists who
remind hunters that they're still human, as well.

Using Cucrisrs

Pitting characters against a ghost's fanatical worship-
ers can adda new dimension to your game. After all, these
are no more than normal people deceived by monsters —
the very folk whom most hunters claim to protect.

Characters can't afford to simply lash out at cultists.
Religious freedom is widespread throughout the world.
The authorities don't set a hunter free after he kills
religious practitioners, even if their rituals are truly out-
rageous. And then there's an extensive investigation and
undoubtedly a trial. Cultists are therefore very much like
mediums as hunter enemies go — people with the weight
of human society behind them. Take outa worshiper and
all that weight comes crashing down.

The concept of attacking cultists mightalso be anath-
ema to many hunters. Defenders, Judges, Innocents,
Martyrs, Redeemers and Visionaries could all recognize


the need to find the monstrous entity behind acult, rather
than to slaughter its members. But to do so they have to
weather the slingsand arrows ofthe fanatics. How longcan
even sympathetic hunters endure such abuse before they
lash out at the very people they try to help? Or maybe
sympathetic hunters seek to go undercover in acult to get
to its leader. How far are they willing to go in the role to
meet the "master"? Sacrifice a person? Subject themselves
to abuse? Betray allies? The desire to help "poor deluded
people" can be suddenly strained when playing along
compromises a hunter's beliefs or values.

SvorvrettinG a Fanaric

Cultists aren't completely defined by their beliefs.
They're ordinary people with lives, lovers, family and
friends. By day, they're photographers, training con-
sultants, brokers, teachers, office managers, real-estate
agents, journalists and line editors. They're not so far
from hunters themselves.

Yet, something drives worshipers to dress up in robes,
make sacrifices to an unfathomable deity and surrender
their free will. The reason is different for each of them.
For some it's as prosaic asa lust for power. Other motiva-
tions include revenge, aneed foranswers to life's mysteries,
a genuine interest in the occult, or a need to protect
family ot friends from a perceived threat.

Justin Suza was a quiet, introverted man. He did systems
support for the local government, a job that satisfied what little
ambition he had to begin with. Apart from a brief experiment
‘with his own gender at university, Justin's sex life was nonex-
istent. His social life revolved around his sister and her friends.

Thatall changed sixmonths ago when he met Sarah. He
fell for her — hard. After they'd been together for four
months, her husband reappeared on the scene, and she felt
obliged to give it another go for the sake of their kids. That
night, Justin got more drunk than he'd ever been in his life,
and he poured out all his troubles to a stranger in the bar.

The stranger made him an offer: Join a group of people
who could solve his problems, and never look back. Justin
was drunk and desperate enough to agree. His first meeting
confirmed that he'd found a way to win Sarah back.

Remember that cultists are people. You should define
them as such when telling a story about them. They
shouldn't be reduced to cannon fodder for hunters to wade
through. They should be a clear reminder of the purpose of
the hunt: victims subjected to monstrous abuse.

Indeed, perceptive hunters might draw parallels
between fanatics and themselves. Both groups see and
hear signs. Both groups are exposed to the supernatural.
Both groups receive powers or insight. And both groups
have a sense of righteousness in what they do. Can the
imbued really turn on people who are mere shades away
from themselves?

Also bear in mind that, like hunters, cultists have
no direct means of escaping the law. Crimes committed

CHAPTER T:RULES & STORYTELLING

in the name of their patrons must be discreet if the cabal
is to continue. Thus, cultists' deeds are subtle, perhaps
even more so than those of some monsters hiding in the
shadows. Characters need hard evidence to bring the
law down upon worshipers; they can't simply be ex-
posed as monstrous and that's the end of it. Cultists can
therefore play an unseen chess match with hunters
both seek to fulfill their agendas without attracting the
attention of the populace or authorities.

The cult leader asked Justin to act against a hunter who
was causing trouble for the group. The next evening, Justin
stayed late at work to access the county files. Happy to serve
in anticipation of winning back his love, Justin passed the
hunter's address on to the leader.

Coincidentally, Justin's sister dated a local cop. Jason
decided to explain how his friends had been harassed of late...

It's imperative to remember that neither second
sight nor detection edges reveal fanatics as anything
other than normal and human. (At least, that's true for
ones whoaren't endowed with supernatural tricks.) They
may be misguided, evil, vicious or cruel, but these are all
human ills, not ones unique to a supernatural condition.

Cutrisys AND Spiny HysvERiA

Ifcultists are normal people, how can they follow
aghost orzombie without beingsubjected to hysteria,
fear, fits or obliviousness — the stuff that spirits tend
to cause? Fanatics are regular people, physically, but
theiroutlooksaren't what you'dcall mundane. These:
are people desperately in search of something in life,
beit meaning, love, direction, purpose, fulfillment—
anything that seems to be a void in their lives.
Would-be cultists are so obsessed with filling this
void that any solution is appealing to them. Joining
a cult probably isn't their first choice or attempt.
They've probably suffered at the hands of manipula-
tors and con artists in the past who've profited from
their weakness. Still, these people press on.

Absolutely obsessed to find the meaning and pur-
pose they seek, cultists are somewhat inured to the fear
and mania that ghosts and zombies usually instill. Ifthe
restless dead presents itself in a manner that seems
rewarding, informative orcompelling, suchas scrawling
out answers in blood to a person's yearning questions,
the potential fanatic gets past the normal fear.

This doesn't mean cultists are immune to the
horror of all supernatural displays. A shapechanger's
inhuman transformation still sends them into fits. Like-
wise, a truly horrifying act demanded by a cult leader
could overwhelm and terrify a follower, if not make her
come to her senses. If approached in terms of their }
deranged needs and wants, however, worshipers can jf
deal with the emanations of the unnatural.


Tite BesseD AND THE GuRsED

Not all cultists remain human. Some are lifted
beyond the human norm. Certain ghosts and walkers
have the ability to invest their capabilities into their
followers and grant them limited supernatural strength.
Cult organizers, favored servants and promising agents
are typically imparted supernatural gifts.

The immediate danger of empowered cultists to
hunters is obvious: The person is another supernatural
entity. Yet, endowed followers pose a much more insidi-
ous threat ifhunters are insightful enough to consider it.
Gifted fanatics can be killed, sure, but the fact that
they're tainted means the supernatural can potentially
turn any person into one of them. The infection might
even run deeper than it seems. Perhaps unwitting vic-
tims could bear the marks of the otherworld and not
know it, but draw hunters' attention all the same.
Maybe people with supernatural influence can even do
good, but still appear as wrong to the imbued. Where is
the line drawn? Murderous hunters might not care.
Considerate or compassionate imbued might be sty-
mied by the prospect. And once again, there's that
lingering question of just how different gifted followers
are from the chosen. Is an empowering spirit really so
different from the Messengers?

"Blessed" cultists are detectable with second sight.
Hunters perceive a definite wrongness about them.
Edges such as Illuminate, Witness or Discern are re-
quired to understand that this taint stems from ghostly
interference. The gifted might appear skeletal, touched
by decay, have a faint aura of a spirit, or smell slightly
of the grave.

Powers of HE BtesseD

Like ghosts and zombies, the blessed use Pathos to fuel
their tricks. Generally, such cultists have very low levels of
it: no more than five points at the most. They cannot
replenish Pathos by feeding on the emotions of others, as
ghosts do. Pathos can only be restored to them by restless
patrons. Assign the blessed whatever powers you like from
the list below. (Foran explanation of Pathos, see the HSC,
p. 1. Willpower easily substitutes for Pathos if you use the
creature guidelines in the rulebook's Chapter 9.)

Aung oF Dear

The blessed cultist is able to make herself appear
likeazombie fora brief time. The flesh seems to fall from
her bones and she reeks of decay. The spectacle is
enough to drive most people to abject terror.

System: Spend one Pathos to activate this trick. Any
normal people or hunters without active Conviction
whosee the blessed flee in terror. Other cultists might not
be affected by the sight unless it's truly horrific. The effect
lasts for one scene. Hunters with active Conviction are
immune to this trick; they see the cultist's undead appear-
ance but are not unduly frightened by ic.

Hew's Fine

A rare blessing, Hell's Fire allows a cultist to conjure
up otherworldly flames with which to smite unbelievers.

System: Spend three Pathos and roll Willpower, diffi-
culty 8. Each success creates one cubic foot of fire, which
inflicts two levels of lethal damage per turn upon anyone
caught in it. The cultist can direct fire at a target with a
successful Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty 6. Flames
can be targeted at areas within 20 yards of the cultist.

Each time the cultist uses this power, make another
Willpower roll, difficulty 8. If it fails, the fanatic loses a
point of permanent Willpower. A cultist could become
irrevocably insane after repeated uses of this trick. If
permanent Willpower is reduced to zero by this means,
the blessed is consumed by her own flames.

Powers From Beyond
Some cultists, deeply corrupted by their interaction
with ghosts, learn to use some of spirits' own tricks.
Powers manifested must be possessed by a cultist's patron.
System: The cultist may use any "common " trick listed
that does not involve possessing people or objects. The
Pathos cost is twice that demanded of a ghost or zombie.

Propuer's GHARW

Blessed with ghostly powers can havea profound effect
on those to whom they preach. This trick makes a speaker's
face seem extremely intense and his voice take on a deep,
commanding timbre. Each word hangs heavy with portent.
The weak-willed are swayed easily by such a speaker.

System: Spend one Pathos. Add three dice to any
Leadership roll for the remainder of the scene, unless
the target is a hunter with active Conviction.

Visions of Dear

A cultist can project visions of what seems to be
Hell into the minds of others. While the sights verge on
the incomprehensible, they show souls in torment and
a terrible storm raging. These visions can disorient
people and are often enough to convert nonbelievers,
who become desperate to escape such a fate.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Intimidation, difficulty of the target's Willpower or the
highest Willpower in a group. If the roll succeeds, the
victim is at +2 difficulty to all die rolls for the remainder
of the scene. Hunters with active Conviction are im-
mune to the effects of this trick and do not see the
visions. A hunter without active Conviction is subject
to the power, but becomes immune to difficulty penal-
ties if Conviction is activated later in the scene (the
vision is dismissed as an illusion thereafter).

Toe Price of BEticr

Extended exposure to the presence of a ghost can have
detrimental side effects ona flock. Although cultists' expec-
tations of meeting the supernatural seem to buffer them
against the usual temporary insanity, the simple fact of
cultists' associations slowly erodes their minds and bodies.


The following effects are cumulative with time and
exposure to ghosts. Giving yourself to monsters is never
good for your health.

Mexrat Erfecrs

Each time a ghost participates in a cult's rituals, roll its
Pathos, difficulty 8. The number of successes achieved is
the number of cultists afflicted by a temporary derange-
ment for one week. Repeated appearances don't impose
cumulative derangementson the same people. They might,
however, keep the same derangements or gain new ones
week after week if contact with the spirit is frequent.
Puysicat Efrecrs

For every two weeks that aspirit has direct contact with
acult, roll its Pathos, difficulty 8. The number of successes
rolled reflects the seriousness of an illness imposed on one or
more cultists. One success inflicts exhaustion or regularnose
bleeds. Three cause a disfiguring illness such as scoliosis or
leprosy. Five impose a permanent disability. Six or more
successes result in a slow, painful death.

Of all cult side effects, this one is most likely to

attract hunters' attention. Something is clearly amiss
, '

Orrionat Rute: ResisyinG rHE HoRoR

The appearance or manifestation of gifted powers
hasthesame impact on mostpeopleasdo ghosts' powers. ff
Seeing a person spit fire is scary, perhaps as much as a
ghost or zombie that does the same. Normal folks
thereforeflee orgocatatonicin the presence ofablessed's
powers, just as they do in the presence of ghosts'.

You may feel that it isn't quite appropriate for
hunters to flee a worshiper as quickly as the majority of
humanity does, however, even if hunters don't have
Conviction active. Afterall, gifted fanatics aren'ttharfar
from human, and hunters can face far worse creatures. A.
reactive Conviction roll (see Hunter, p. 133) can safe-
guard a hunter against fleeing a blessed's mystical
performance. Butif the roll fails, ahuntermightstillhave
a chance to resist such "lesser" sights if he has the will.

Ifaplayerfailsa reactive Conviction roll, he could
spend a Willpower point to keep his character from
fleeing in terror. The imbued's experience with varied
monsterssteels hima little against the lower level tricks
‘wielded by cultists. Spendinga Willpower pointallows jf
the player another chance to make a reactive Convic- jf
tion roll (probably Wits + primary Virtue, difficulty 6).
If that one fails, the character turns tail.

This rule isan optional one and might be invoked to ff
preserve characters from fleeing every monstrous pawn—
including a gifted cultist and medium — who flashes a
glimmer of power. It should not be applied when charac-
ters are exposed to full-blooded monsters. A werewolf |
kin or ghost's agent might still be human enough to jf
contend with. An actual werewolf or zombie isn't.

when several members of a community fall ill with
unexpected and inexplicable ailments.

Social Errecrs

The presence of a ghost, the actions that a cultist is
required to perform, and the increasing fear and misery
many feel all compound to ruin whatever social life a
follower has left. Followers grow increasingly paranoid,
reclusive and short-tempered.

For each month that a fanatic participates in a cult,
roll Willpower, difficulty 8. A failure imposes a -1
penalty to all Social dice pools associated with friendly
interaction. This effect is permanent.

Errecrs on Havers

Should a hunter attempt to infiltrate a cult, she is
subject to the same long-term effects of membership as
followers are. If she has Conviction active during all
rituals and meetings, however, none of the above effects
manifest. If Conviction is used on only some occasions,
the hunter is as vulnerable to mental, physical and
social side effects as any fanatic.

Although second sight doesn't reveal the side effects
of cult membership as anything wrong in a cultist or
posing hunter, Discern or another edge may reveal a
person's social withdrawal, nagging illness or mental
ailments. The character using the edge can extrapolate
from there. If hunters know a person well, special powers
aren't necessary to recognize that something is wrong
with him or her. Strange behavior, chronic weakness and
alienation all make sense when a hunter investigates a
friend or loved one's mysterious activities.

Srory IbEas

Tue Price of Power

A bystander associated with the hunters, frustrated
with her lack of ability to deal with the monsters that she
knows to exist, quits their company and disappears. She
reappears months later, mysteriously granted powers and
followers, and with an agenda that opposes the hunters'
own. How do they deal with their former ally-turned-
opponent? And can they track down the rot that is the
true source of the bystander's newfound abilities?

Fors Unseen

The hunters are stalking a rot that's been spotted in
the neighborhood over the past few months. Yet, their
efforts are blocked at every turn. People are resistant to
questioning (even on unrelated matters), the police are
threatening, store owners refuse characters' business,
and the hunters' children seem to be in constant trouble
at school. The local police chief, several teachers and
one or two shop owners fall ill over the course of a
month. Can the hunters recognize the link?
Race Acaimsy Vine

A series of kidnappings throughout the city makes
everyone nervous. The police seem half-hearted in
their efforts to stop it. One of the hunters receives a


HUNYER: THE WALKING DEAD

vague message: "THE RITE BEGINS." Can the charac-

ters learn what's really going on and stop it?

Tue Arscnacor rue Sean

The shop window shattered as Jason flew through it and
crashed into the toy display beyond.

He groaned as he rose, bleeding heavily from several
deep cuts and wondering why does this guy needa cult again?

The rot stood before the window, trying to laugh
through what remained of its mouth. "You shouldn't have
come alone," he gurgled. "You should have waited for
your friends

Hoping for alittle breathing space, Jason started mutter-
ing the Sermon on the Mount. To his satisfaction, he saw the
rot pushed back a little

"Oh, that trick won't stop me, my friend," the rot
announced. "I'll find a way to play with you still."

Jason heard something clatter at his feet. He glanced
down. A group of dolls was standing, staring up at him
"You're kidding, right?"

"You seem the type who still plays with dolls."

Jason screamed when the first of the toys drove its hand
into one of his wounds

To the intense frustration of information compilers
on hunter-net such as Bookworm55, the more often
hunters encounter the deceased, the more often they're
faced with new ghostly abilities.

Hunrers an Cutrisys

People who bear supernatural gifts from spirits }
can never be imbued. Neither can hunters ever
receive or be imparted the gifts of ghosts. Ghostly
capabilities and the imbuing are anathema to one f
another —as a rule. It might be possible for a cultist f
who never received any powers or gifts to be imbued,
perhaps even at a coven meeting. That person must
be at a crossroads in her life, though — becoming
aware that the group, its leader and its motives are
wrong. Maybe she's simply lacked the strength to
leave or do anything about it — until now. In fact, a
cultist's former associations could be accounted for
with a rating in the Exposure Background.

Here's a wide selection of new tricks for us
characters to keep players on their toes.

A Wont oF Guosrs

Some hunters begin to suspect that certain tricks
are region-specific. The ghosts of Asia, Africa and the
Caribbean seem to have access to tricks of their own,
for example, as globe-trotting imbued learn at per-
sonal cost. The following tricks are commonly witnessed
in the regions listed. They are almost never encoun-
tered elsewhere.

| ML


Arnica: DearH oF Innocence

This horrifying trick allows a ghost to kill a newborn
member of its living family, draw the soul from the infant
and destroy the spirit. This trick is used to punish families
that do not show their dead relatives due reverence.

System: Spend four Pathos and roll Strength +3,
difficulty 8. If the roll succeeds, the child dies and its soul
islost. This trick can be used only ona ghost's infant blood-
relatives. Use of Witness near the perpetrating spirit or the
child's corpse reveals the involvement of a ghost or a rot.
Arnica: Form oF ris Beast

Certain African ghosts can take the form of preda-
tory animals such as leopards. While the "animal" is
wrong to hunters with active second sight, and obvi-
ously not an animal to perception edges, normal humans
are fooled into thinking it isa real member of the animal
kingdom and therefore don't flee in terror as they
normally would from spirits. Combined with a trick like
Materialize (HSC, p. 26), this power can be deadly.

System: Spend two Pathos and roll Manipulation +3,
difficulty 7. The number of successesachieved is the number
oftus the ghost can maintain this form. Physical Traitsare
taised by two to a maximum of 5, and the ghost gains an
additional health level, all for the duration of the effect.
Asta: Aucesron's Buessing

Asian ghosts seem to spend even more time haunt-
ing their families than do their Western counterparts.
Some even choose to bless their relatives with gifts by
use of this trick.

System: Spend one to three Pathos and roll Cha-
risma + Empathy, difficulty 7. The number of successes
achieved is the number of scenes in which the subject
can activate its blessings. Gifts expire as soon as they're
used, regardless of how much time remains in which the
effect could be applied. The nature ofa blessing depends
on the amount of Pathos invested.

One point: The subject can reduce the difficulty of
asingle roll by one.

Two points: The subject can re-roll a failed roll.

Three points: The subject gains a point of Willpower.

No more than three Pathos can be spent for the
deceased to bestow a gift, so more than one gift may be
granted to one person, as long as combined Pathos costs
don't exceed three. A ghost or zombie must be within
five yards of the person it wishes to bless.

Hunters can never receive a blessing, not even
when Conviction is inactive.

Tue CarrBeean: Vie Giev of Seekers

The dead of the Caribbean islands appear to be able
to tap into a wealth of cultural knowledge and lore to
increase their Traits briefly.

System: Spend two Pathos and roll Intelligence +
Occult, difficulty 8. The successes gained are added to
any Talents, Skills or Knowledges that the deceased

CHAPYERT:RULES & SY ORYYELLING

already possesses, on a one-for-one basis, for the dura-
tion of the scene. No modified Ability can be raised
above 5. This trick can be used only once per scene.

Common Tricks

These tricks are encountered everywhere. Even the
weakest spirits and zombies are able to use them.

Disrany Wuisrers

‘Some ghosts and rots can communicate with each other
over vast distances, as longas they're already acquainted. This
trickallows them to hold telepathic conversation regardles
of the distance between them, a capacity that many use to
coordinate hauntings in different locales.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Perception +
Empathy, difficulty 8. One sentence may be communi-
cated per success. For each success after the first, another
participant can also be brought into the loop, assuming
any other spirits need to be involved.

Foote You

This petty little trick allows a ghost or zombie to
distort an observer's perception of an object's location
by two yards in any direction. The object must be about
the size of a video cassette or smaller. The real location
of the object must be visible to both the living observer
and the dead. The object cannot be "moved" beyond
the observer's line of sight. Any attempt to grab the
object disrupts the illusion, revealing its true location.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Crafts, difficulty 6. The illusion lasts until dispelled by
someone trying to grab the object or until the observer or
the user moves out of line of sight of the object. Hunters
with active second sight see the object where it really is.
Guave Garvence

Some ghosts of a horticultural bent can cause twisted
flowers and grass to grow upon any surface. This im-
promptu garden blooms into a twisted parody of nature,
with eyeballs for flowers and leaves with razor-sharp edges.

i

Guosrty SpeeD

Some ghosts appear to be able gain a sudden
burst of speed, moving like a blur and performing
multiple actions almost at once.

System: Very few ghosts have more than a single
dot in Ghostly Speed, and none have more than five.
For each point in this capability, a disembodied spirit
can perform one extraaction per turn. This extra action
mustbe dedicated to one activity only, such asattacking
an opponent. It cannot be dedicated to multiple activi-
ties, such as driving and firing a gun simultaneously.

i} Gaining extra actions costs a total of one Pathos per

turn. Using this trick guarantees a personality switch,
bringing the ghost's opposing dark or light side to the

H fore within a few scenes or pethaps even right away.


System: Spend one Pathos and roll Intelligence +
Crafts, difficulty 6. Each success creates one square foot
of twisted plant life. The total number of successes
rolled indicates the number of hours the garden lasts
before it wilts away without a trace. Any attempt to
touch the plants inflicts one level of lethal damage. The
plants are obviously unnatural to any onlookers.

Inspineo Dreams

For reasons known only to themselves, some rots
and ghosts choose to inspire the living to feats of great
artistic achievement. This trick stimulates the imagina-
tions of sleeping artists and causes them to create works
truly worthy of the label "art." Such creations lean
toward the dark and horrific, often motivating critics to
sing the praises of the creator's insight into mortality or
the futility of life. Occasionally, a benign spirit inspires
the creation of a less morbid work.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Perception +
Expression, difficulty 7. The more successes achieved,
the greater the finished piece of work. Five or more
successes result in a work that could be recognized inter-
nationally. Ghosts can harvest Pathos or Willpower from
a subject's creative vigor or depression (HSC, p. 12;
Hunter, p. 273). Should a ghost attempt to inspire a
hunter, you may allow the player a reaction roll to let his
character wake up and resist with Conviction. Should
the ghost succeed, any future use of Conviction ruins the
effect and cripples any further work on the piece.

Mark oF Conrurrion

This trick makes a ghost look even more repulsive
and corrupt than it usually might, at least to anyone
who can see it. The power has a similar effect on a
walking corpse.

System: Spend one Pathos. The difficulties of the
user's Social rolls increase by two for the duration of the
scene, barring those that involve scaring or intimidating,
for which difficulties decrease by two. Hunters with active
second sight are immune to this effect. They see through
the being's illusory appearance and are not frightened.
"Reactive" rolls could be made for hunters without active
Conviction. All senses may be affected by this trick, and
a hunter might smell the creature well before he sees it.
Reinrorce

This trick allows a ghost to strengthen the integrity
of an object no larger than a chair or desk. Attempts to
damage the item become significantly more challenging.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Dexterity +
Crafts, difficulty 7. Each success adds a "health level" to
an object, up to the limit of the ghost's Stamina in extra
levels. If health levels have no real application, increase
the Strength required to break the item by one for each
success rolled (see Hunter, p. 183). Once again, the
bonus is limited to the ghost's Stamina. The effect
reinforces an object for one scene.

Anaffected item might seem "wrong" to hunters with
second sight, whereas imbued with edges such as Discern,
Witness or Illuminate could detect ghostly influence over
the item or a bizarre intensity to its components.

Scnirure

This trick allows a spirit or zombie to communi-
cate with the living by creating written messages on
any surface. The script is always written in some
unusual and horrifying way, be it blood on a wall,
electricity burning words onto a table or a stream of
insects spelling out words on a floor.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Intelligence +
Expression, difficulty 6. The ghost may continue writ
ing until itis finished or interrupted. A new roll must be
made to start again if a distraction occurs. Each sen-
tence vanishes shortly after it is completed.

Hunters with active Conviction who witness the dis
play are not unduly frightened by it. A Conviction reaction
roll mightbe appropriate forimbued with noactive defenses.

‘Suavow Senses

This trick allows the restless dead to manipulate light,
sound, smell and touch. Common visual effects include
blotting out all light within a room, moving luminous
figures and creating human shadows that have no apparent
source. Typical smells generated include rotting meat,
grave mold and smoke froma dying fire. Typical sounds are
rattling chains, low moans and the infamous "things that
go bump in the night." Tactile manipulation can create an
icy chill or the pressure of fingers on a body.

System: Spend two Pathos and roll Dexterity +
Performance, difficulty 6. The effect lasts for as many
turnsas successes scored. Only one sense can be affected
peruse. The area of effect is typically the room occupied
by the spirit or the immediate vicinity if outdoors.

Second sight doesn't counter any sights, sounds,
smells or feelings. However, active Conviction allows
the imbued to resist abject terror.

Summon Ancey GHosrs

This trick allows the most twisted, vicious part of a
ghost or rot to call out to the most dangerous spirits
around and summon them to its aid.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Charisma +
Leadership, difficulty 7. The number of successes deter-
mines the number of angry ghosts that arrive. Their
strength and the time they take to arrive are at your
discretion. This trick can be used only once per scene.

Yeu Me Waar Harrened

Some spirits and walking dead appear to be able to
peer into the minds of other creatures and call up
specific memories. A memory is invoked by asking a
specific question such as, "Where were you at closing
time last night?" or "When did you last see Lorna?"
Whether the subject can actually hear the spirit speak
doesn't seem to matter, but the spirit must be in the


subject's presence. To the victim's perception, amemory
springs to mind seemingly of its own volition.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Perception +
Empathy, difficulty of the target's Willpower. The more
successes scored, the more vivid the recollection. Memo-
riesolder thana year cannot be invoked. Memories cannot
be plundered from hunters with active Conviction. This
trick cannot be used more than once per person per scene.

Tewerarton's Waiser

This trick allows a ghost or zombie to make its own
dark desires seem like good ideas to the living. Victims of
this trick often find delight in causing pain, betraying
people or just being damn rude, seemingly without provo-
cation. The suggestion isactedupon orresisted immediately.

System: Spend one Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Intimidation, difficulty of the target's Willpower. One
success encourages the subject to act upon a notion if
he's already inclined to do so, such as making an angry
person throw a punch. Three or more successes are
required to make a person act against her nature. Truly
harmful or self-destructive acts can require five or more
successes. A Willpower point can also be spent for the
subject to resist a compelling temptation. Resistance of
each subsequent use of the trick requires another Will-
power point, however. Hunters with active Conviction
are immune to this power.

Uxcowmon Tricks

‘These powers are encountered only occasionally
and are usually wielded by potent rots and ghosts.

Anwzo au Dancerous

This trick allows a ghost orzombie to produce asolid
melee weapon from nowhere. The weapon is just as
capable of inflicting wounds as any mundane weapon.

System: Spend two Pathos and roll Strength +3,
difficulty 6. The number of successes achieved is the
number of turns that the weapon persists and may be used
toattack. It functions just as an ordinary melee weapon of
the appropriate type, with attack and damage rolls based
onthe wielder's Traits. The weapon fades when the trick's
duration expires, but any damage inflicted remains.

Normal humans and hunters without active Con-
viction who see a weapon materialize, apparently from
thin air, flee in terror.

Dark Per

This trick allows a spirit or walker to summon a ghostly
animal to be its eyes and ears ina locale while the summoner
is elsewhere. The spirit pet is typically a small animal, one
with an eerie reputation such as a raven, rat or owl.

System: Spend two Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Leadership, difficulty 6. The number of successes
achieved indicates the number of scenes that the spirit
has access to a ghost-pet. During that time, the sum-
moner can see and hear through the pet as well as

CHAPTER 7:RULES & STORYTELLING

through its own senses, observing what occurs in two
separate locales. A summoner can have only one dark
petatatime. He cannot use this trick again for one week
after the destruction of his last pet.

Second sight and perception edges such as Discern,
Witnessand Illuminate reveal apetasatranslucentanimal
to hunters. Any single successful attack that affects incor-
poreal beings destroys it. Active Conviction protects a
hunter from responding to the creature with fear.

Deno Men Tete Yates

One of ghosts' and rots' subtle but disturbing capaci-
ties is knowing information they shouldn't. This trick
allows a creature to access a corpse's memory from life.
This power lets spirits pose as the people formerly within
adopted bodies. It also allows ghosts to gain the goods on.
others, perhaps identifying a person's murderer.

System: Spend two Pathos and roll Wits + Intuition,
difficulty 8 (9 if the corpse is more than six months old).
Corpses more than a year old can't be read. The number
of successes achieved is the number of scenes for which
the ghost recalls a subject's life, at least as the subject
remembered things at the moment of death. That is, the
spirit doesn't gain a photographic memory of everything
that happened in a subject's life. He receives the subject's
own vivid, blurry or disjointed memories of the past.

Kiccer Toys

Some poltergeists delight in terrifying the living,
especially children. This trick allows a ghost or walker
to animate several small objects, typically of a similar
nature, at the same time. Examples are a toy collection,
ajar of pencils or a screwdriver set. Inventive spirits use
this trick to switch off all the lights in a house simulta-
neously or to slam all doors at the same time.

System: Spend two Pathosand roll Wits +3, difficulty 4 +
1 for each object the ghost attempts to control above its Wits
rating. Difficulty can never be higher than 9.

The collection of objects has the same Physical
Attributes as the ghost for performing attacks and doing
damage, but each individual object has only a fraction
of that total (destroying one item at a time slowly
reduces the collection's overall Trait ratings). The
objects stay true to their nature. Soft toys could walk
and grapple, while pencils could stab (or write and erase
if the rot is creative). Decide whether lethal or bashing
damage is inflicted, based on the type of attack.

The effect lasts as long as the ghost concentrates on
controlling the items and does nothing else. If the ghost
is attacked it relinquishes control. The area of effect is
roughly the size of a house; objects manipulated must be
within those confines.

Look ar ME

Humanity hasa psychological defense against ghosts
and many other monsters, forcing the mind to shut
down or refuse to acknowledge an otherworldly pres-


ence. This trick allows the restless dead to override that
mechanism for a short period of time.

System: Spend three Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Intimidation, difficulty equal to the subject's Willpower
(or the highest Willpower in a group). The number of
success achieved equals the number of tums that the target
reacts as if he has second sight.

Understand, however, that this power does not
confer Conviction's fortitude to witness the dead.
Whereas a hunter with active Conviction is not unduly
terrified by what he sees, a normal human is but simply
does not run or collapse. After the trick expires, the
subject is afflicted with a derangement of your choosing.
The ailment may be temporary or permanent, depend-
ing on what happens while the person can see the dead.

Hunters with active Conviction are immune to
this power; their second sight and Conviction de-
fenses are already active. Allow hunters without
active Conviction a reaction roll to protect their
minds when their second sight suddenly "comes on."
If the reaction roll fails, a hunter is treated like a
normal person; he may gain a derangement after
witnessing the ghostly display.

Miexor Monster

This trick allows a ghost or rot to turn a mirror into
chological weapon. When a victim looks into the
mirror, she doesn't see her own reflection, but her

greatest fear given form. The vision reaches out of the
glass for a fleeting moment, traumatizing the victim.

System: Spend three Pathos and roll Perception +
Performance, difficulty 7. The more successes scored,
the more frightening the vision is. The victim gains a
derangement, which persists until the end of the story or
may be permanent. Only the subject sees the vision.
Hunters with active Conviction still see a vision meant
for them, butaren't terrorized by it. Ifa hunter subjected
to this trick activates Conviction later, any derange-
ment gained may terminate permanently or simply fade
for that scene and resume afterward.

Once More, Wir FEeting

Sometimes, spirits and rots force their victims to
relive certain moments of their lives, often ones that
are also important to those spirits. The victim feels as
if she has been transported back to that moment and
acts accordingly.

System: Spend two Pathos and roll Charisma +
Empathy, difficulty of the target's Willpower. The num-
ber of successes determines the duration of the flashback
(one minute per success). The ghost or rot must be able
to "touch" the victim to use this trick. The subject could
simply go catatonic while he relives the past, or he could
seem to mime other events. Hunters with active Con-
viction are immune to this trick. Ifa hunter is subjected
to this power and had activated Conviction in his re-


enacted past, he does so again now and is immune to this
trick thereafter.

Prox Arrack

Animal possessors and animal zombies are able to
call upon other animals of the species they possess. The
level of control is minimal, but it can be enough to set
apack of angry dogs on a group of hunters.

System: Spend three Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Animal Ken, difficulty 7. Thenumberofsuccessesachieved
equals the number of animals that comes under the user's
sway. The Storyteller has leeway to adjust this based on the
sizeof the animal. Three successes could call three dogs, six
domestic cats or 30 rats. You must judge if there are enough
of the particular type of animal in the vicinity (perhaps
within a mile radius or so).

The effect lasts as long as the ghost concentrates on
controlling the pack. The spirit can do nothing but
concentrate during that time. Should its focus be bro-
ken, say by a direct attack, it loses control and the
animals run away. Repeated use of this trick in the same
scene does not win control of the same animals after
they have been manipulated once. Controlled animals
show no special signs to second sight or perception
edges such as Discern, Illuminate or Witness.

Rave anD Dancy Tricks

These powers are witnessed or experienced by hunt-
ers very rarely, and just as well because many of them are
lethal. Only the most powerful ghost or zombie can use
tricks of this magnitude.

Chance oF Hear

This insidious trick allows a zombie or ghost to subtly
altera victim's mind by implantinga new desire orexcising
an old one. The subject must be "touched." Desire for a
lover can be squashed or twisted to hate. Interest in a
subject can be replaced with utter boredom. Someone who
once agreed with aplancan be made to pick holesin it. The
subject is unaware thatshe has been tampered with, simply
believing that she's changed her mind or been inspired by
anew idea. Indeed, others may suspect no wrongdoing as
the subject seems reconciled with the new concept.

System: Spend four Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Empathy, difficulty equal to the target's Willpower. Most
mind alterations accomplished with this power are im-
perceptible, although you may allowaplayera Perception
+Empathy or Science roll, difficulty 9, for an onlooker to
detect a change in another person.

Hunters with active Conviction are immune to this
trick. Storytellers may allow players a reaction roll to
resist if characters don't have Conviction active at the
time. Perhaps hunters sense outside intrusion on their
minds or recognize an idea change but don't know
where it comes from.

Normally, this effect is permanent. Hunters who are
subjected to it and for whom Conviction is activated

later, however, may remember former thoughts thereaf-
ter, or may do so for the scene and forget again at its end,
possibly prompting them to keep spending Conviction to
maintain their normal identity until they can get help.

Cronk oF Dreaws

Ghosts who use this trick can weave themselves a
death shroud as if from thin air.

System: Spend three Pathos and roll Charisma +
Expression, difficulty 6. Successes scored are considered
extra health levels that are lost before any normal ones
are. Any kind of damage suffered — bashing or lethal —
eliminates one of the cloak's levels. The cloak evapo-
rates when all extra levels are lost. Pathos cannot be
spent to increase or restore the lost levels that a cloak
confers. This trick may be used once per scene.

Dank Twin

This trick allows a disembodied ghost to manifest a
twin of itself in all respects identical to the original
except usually more malicious in intent. The two are
able to move, act and use tricks independently of each
other. Angry ghosts do not usually possess this power.

System: Spend four Pathosand roll Manipulation +3,
difficulty 7. The number of successes achieved is the
number of turns the twin is active. It has exactly the same
statistics as the creator at the moment of duplication, but
can use only the creator's common tricks. A dark twin has
its own agenda and sometimes works against its originator.
Second sight reveals the duplicate as slightly malformed
compared the original. An edge such as Discern, Witness
or Illuminate might suggest that the twin is an aspect of
another — if both are present (the twin might display all
the negative features of its creator, for example

This trick can be used only once per scene. The
twin is unable to create duplicates of itself.
Deveerne's Denovewenr

Exceptionally old and willful ghosts and rots can
take memories from one person's mind and show them
to others. Sometimes they use this power to expose
murderers and other miscreants. Other times, they use
it to destroy people who have dark secrets. Who can
fathom the motivations of those dead so long?

System: Spend three Pathos and roll Manipulation +
Empathy, difficulty of the target's Willpower. If the roll
succeeds, every person, livingor otherwise, ina 10-yard radius
sees the selected scene played in her head. The number of
successes indicates the number of minutes of history that are
revealed. The vision is "viewed" instantaneously; subjects
don't gawk for minutes or leave their bodies vulnerable.

Hunters with active Conviction are immune to this
effect as both victims and recipients, even if they wish
to receive images.
Deqva Stow

This thankfully rare trick allows a rot or spirit to
bring a small portion of the storm that rages in the


underworld into the living world. The real world grows
dark, black lightning crackles overhead, blood rains
from the sky and gale-force winds carry jagged frag-
ments of bone that can shear flesh. Most people react in
absolute terror and may be hurt seriously.

System: Spend six Pathos and roll Strength +
Occult, difficulty 9. All characters within 10 yards of
the summoning ghost or rot (and including that crea-
ture) suffer one health level of lethal damage per turn,
automatically. The storm lasts for a number of turns
equal to the number of successes rolled, and centers on
the creator. The summoner cannot move and could well
be destroyed by his own handiwork.

Normal people and hunters without Conviction ac-
tive when exposed to the storm may acquire derangements
that persist until the end of the story. Obviously, these
people are terrified by what they witness. Hunters with
active Conviction are certainly frightened by the spec-
tacle, but can still control their actions. Imbued who
witness this power attribute all kinds of origins to the storm
—‘Hell on Earth" and "a reflection of the undead psyche"
are common. No one knows what it is for sure, though.

Ewovionat O¥ERLORD

Powerful old ghosts and rots can flood their victims
with pure emotions so strong that victims are unable to
move, think or act. In some cases, the feelings are so
intense that subjects' minds are shattered by the sheer
depth of the experience.

System: Spend four Pathos and roll Strength +
Empathy, difficulty equal to the target's Willpower.
Each success paralyzes the target for one turn. She is so
swept up in the emotional tide that she cannot move,
act, speak or even defend herself. If five or more suc-
cesses are scored when a negative emotion is evoked,
the victim may lose a point ofa Mental Attribute or gain
a derangement. If five or more successes are achieved
witha positive emotion, the victim becomes addicted to
the sensation and gains a derangement. Emotions im-
posed can be used to feed the offending ghost or others
on the scene, as long as the feelings provoked are ones
"nourishing" to any of those spirits.

Hunters with active Conviction are immune to this
trick. The Storyteller should almost certainly allow a

player to make a reaction roll to spend Conviction if this
trick is used on an otherwise unsuspecting character. If
a reaction roll fails, Conviction cannot be spent on a
hunter while he's overwhelmed. Mental ailments that
result can be permanent.

Iwrosror

This trick is similar to Materialize (see the HSC, p. 26),
but it allows the ghost to appear as someone else.

System: Spend five Pathos and roll Dexterity +
Crafts, difficulty 6 if imitating someone familiar (8 if
imitating someone unfamiliar). Each success determines
how good the facsimile is. One means the disguise fails
under any scrutiny, whereas five result in a perfect copy.

Each success also allows a ghost to retain mortal
form for the time it takes to draw one breath. Ifthe ghost
manifests before people who knew it in life or with
whom it has spent a great deal of time, the ghost can
maintain its "living" form for one hour per success.

Hunters' second sight reveals that the individual is
somehow wrong. Discern, Illuminate or Witness are
required to recognize that the individual is a physical
ghost, and multiple successes with these edges may be
required to recognize the spirit for its real self.

Suecrwaur

This dangerous trick allows a ghost to take posses-
sion of a sleeping body or one that is in a coma or trance.
As long as the ghost doesn't force the body to take any
sudden actions and no loud distractions occur, it has
complete control. The spirit can use the body to make
a short speech, move things around or to even put a
pistol to its own head and pull the trigger.

System: Spend three Pathos and roll Manipulation
+ Empathy, difficulty equal to the subject's Willpower.
The number of successes achieved is the number of
turns the ghost retains control. Note that the body's
reactions are sluggish compared to normal — it's asleep
(or comatose), after all. Reduce the subject's Dexterity
by two, to a minimum of 1.

Sleeping hunters don't normally have Conviction
active. You should almost certainly allow a player to
make a reaction roll to activate Conviction if this trick is
used on his sleeping character. Once a hunter is pos-
sessed, no Conviction can be spent to restore self-control.


vane oe

Behold a Pale Horse. . .

Graves yawn wide. Spirits haunt the living. Corpses
pursue perverse agendas from beyond the grave. The
gates to the next world swing wide. Is it the end of
the world? Not if hunters can help it. Theirs

is the power to put the dead to rest

— once and for all.

. . aid His Name That
a Sat on Him was Death fe)

Hunter: The Walking Dead _ +
4 explores and explains the

proliferation of ghosts and .

zombies in the lands of the an ™

living. These monsters are iy
|

clearly abominations against g

hunters' greatest enemies — _
_ they're everywhere and are

hd everything right and natural. ot
\ > And yet, why do hunters'
7 emergence and the rise of spirits
seem to coincide? What is the
hidden connection between the
imbued and restless dead?

a \ lag Ae

THE ee ee ‘s

Sb
