# File: The Chaos Factor.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

An Epic Adventure for the World of Darkness™

Introduction


Credits

Written by: James A. Moore
Additional Material by: Bill Bridges, Phil Brucato and
Andrew Greenberg

dited by: Laura Letbetter and Kathleen Ryan

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan

Art: Dan Smith, Robert MacNeil, Joshua Gabriel
Aatt Korteling, and Jeff

Timbrook, Scott Johnson,
Wright

Front Cover Art:

Maps: Brian Blume

Battle Map: Chris McDonough

Front and Back Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly and
Robert Dixon

PF ee! —4598-B STONECATE IND. BLYD.
"et ARE sive nit, ch 3083

CANE STUDIO

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publishe
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Mage: The Ascension, Werewolf: The Apocalypse,
Vampire: The Masquerade, Wraith: The Oblivion
and The Chaos Factor are trademarks of White Wolf
Game Studio. All names, titles, characters and text
are copyrights of White Wolf unless otherwise

The mention or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
discretion is advised.

2 The Chaos Factor

Special Thanks To:

Bill "Free at Last..." Bridges, for moving from the Den
of the Wyrm to the Nosferatu's Warren.

Rob "How Childish" Hatch, the cool eye of the
Arrowstorm,

Mike "Multi-Task" Tinney, for biting it all off and
chewing vigorously. Oh, well, someone has to drink
all that coffee...

lan "Number 9" Lemke, for sleepwalking into Dr.
Caligari's cabinet (and breaking Bill's).

Andrew "Coach" Greenberg, for taking on the Bad
News Wolves,

Stewart "Ghost Book" Wieck, for conjuring substance
where there was none, then disappearing upon com-
mand.

Ken
Doom

Jennifer "Velveeta Factor" Hartshorn, for sifting the
brie from the Cheese Whiz.

Phil "Thunder!" Brucato, for rattling walls, brains, and
minions of evil

Brian "Rat Daddy" Campbell, for his furry new
officemate

lag 17" Cliffe, for building the Dog Pen of

This Scan is Provided by OTHA.
For RPGsBOOKZ&SCANS:|
the best hub on the DC++

tpgbookz.dyndns.org

Author's Dedication: The author would like to
thank John Howard Clark for all of his assistance with
necessary research materials and for his interest in the
project.

Special thanks also to Andrew Greenburg, Bill
Bridges, Phil Brucato, Sam Chupp and Mark Rein-

Hagen for their patient assistance with the numerous

questions involved in writing The Chaos Factor. And,
of course, thanks to my wife, Bonnie Moore, for her
patience and support —I'd be lost without you. Thanks
also, for so very much, to Margaret Blanton. God keep
you well, dear lady. You'll be missed.

Prologue: A Day in the Life
Introduction

Book One, Chapter One: History and Geography
Book One, Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City
Book Two, Introduction

Book Two, Chapter One: Trail of Blood

Book Two, Chapter Two: Treasure of Tears
Appendix One: Characters

Appendix Two: Rules

85
105
18
128

Contents

~Prologue: A Da
e Life

in

By James A. Moore

Samuel Haight set down the ancient tome

Kindred. Haight stood, stretched muscles that
much preferred hard activity tosittingstill, and left
EM his private study.

ST) Making sure that all of his security systems
syere in place took several minutes, but you can never be ta safe
"When you're a wanted man. Haight knew that he was hunted,
knew that several mages and virtually all Garouwanted him dead.
It didn't matter. Nothing mattered but winning. Nothing mat-
tered but proving that his father had beert"Wrong. He could.
accomplish anything, as long as he took the time to planout every
possible contingency.

The mages had him worried. Theoretically, they could go
back in time and destroy him before he had Awakened. He knew
that most of them wouldn't even consider the idea, but there were
"Si few who would actually do the deed if they had the opportunity.

Ibjust couldn't be allowed — hé had come too far in his plins to
permit anyone to stop him: Haight pondered the colossal conse-
quences of his plans should they succeed. Imaginingevery Garou
‘on the planet dead wasa treat; having them die athishandswould
be ecstasy.
Samuel Haight stepped into the shower and set the water to
scalding:<Without a second's hesitation, he.stepped into the
Steaming torrent and wincéd'@sithe heat turned his skin red-He
washed himself thoroughly, using homemade soap and rough
butlip. His skin bled, protesting the vicious treatment. When he
wasdong, he dried himselfiwith anotherpiece of coarsefabtic. Pain
was good forthe soul, a reminder that life was Harsh and had tobe
metn its own'terms, Samuel Haightrefused eoifiect life in any
other ways P
Finally, aftersfinishing with the mundane Maily.rotitines,
‘Samuel Haight prepared himself for the future. An hour wasspent
@leaningand preparing his firearms; ahothér was spent sharpening
knives that already tivaled mostrazors. During the entire process,
Samuel Haight's mind was blank; every step was preprogrammed,
hard-wired into his mind-on a level that was almest instinctual:
Finally, Haight stared at the two Bowie knives, each silver-plated
bladeafootand abalfin length, each handle carved from the bone
ofhisenemics, the Garou. Each blade forged by hisown haridsand
baptized in the blood of the werewolves. =

The memories were sweet: the flash ofsilverand the screams
of pain, the feeling of blood washing over his hands and, yes, even
the feeling of his own flesh being sliced by claws that could fend
steel, He had just been a man back then, just as capable of dying
as the next person, just as weak and vulnerable. All-of that had
changed. Hewiassomuch more these days, Haight forced hismind
away from the desire tofeel godlike power was only a tool to be
used, not an integral part of him. The temptation was strongafter
somany successes, buthe realizeda bullet through the brain would
killhim assurelyasitwould kill oneofhisenemies.Still,theability
toalterthe very fabric of reality was heady sensation, even when,
onagonsidered the risks.

Lack of sleep caught up with him; whenthe was aware of his
sarounditigs again, he stood in front of the living room's mirrored
yall, blood ninningdown hischest,paintinghisbluejeansa glossy
black. Heibeld his knives, one.in each hand, and felt the warm
blood wash Over his hands/He stared at his own reflection' and
smiled. His refl jled back, noting with satisfaction the
deep cuts that ran acro8s The razor-thin wounds were
always in the same spot, straight chroughithe heavy scar issue that
repeated slashes had made. The same s s first Garou
Kill's claws had one raked him for his

‘Sam went back to hisstudy and removed the ials
from theirhiding place in the wall. The vampire's blood was ditk,,
arich crimson explosion in his mouth. As always, the wounds on

"Rischest disappeared, retumingin the formoffreshly healed scars.
Vitality rushed into Samuel Haight, washing the threat ofhis true
years away and givirig him the energy to shrugoffhis last 48 hours
without sleep. "Back to the books, old boy. Time's a wastin',"
Haight started in-again, looking over the anéient Book of

od. So much information, all oft rrancientrhymesand archaic
ppucrles. Forturiatelyy-Samuel Haight loved puzles. The hours
passed-quickly'aid when hestopped, he was certain that he was
correctzall of the clues pointed to Mexico City. His mind reeled at
the possibilities:'If a young vampire's blood could'give him so
much, what might the blood of an Aittediluvian do for him?

He'dhave tobe very careful in Mexico City. [twas by farone
ofthe rriost dangerous cities he had ever passed through. Galcutta
iwas bad, real bad, but he'd be hard pressed to say which was really
worse: Nextto Mexico City and Calcutta, New York City. was a
quaintlittle suburb.

The initial rush from the Kindred Vitae was wearing off, and
Sam felt exhaustion creeping his way again. He slipped'up the
stairs, chécking along the way that no one had entered his home;
‘Noone had.

y

os


amuel

epcame quickly, with hurricane force, and carried

Haight into his owin nightmares again. He awoke hours later in a

cokdsweat,anapology onbhislips. Haightshivered in themomning's
chill the shrill screech of his alarm clock having saved him from
the worst parts of old, famil

The day's work began in e
tasks at hand, packing his bags with what little he né
with him, and calling sever
Mexico City, he would need all the help he could

I people in different locations. For

Thenext ithered
rces and laid out his plans. The only breaks he gave himself

niihimum; every

wodays passed ina flurry ofactivity,

ams returne

Hello'
"Dia
allrightwid

ne? Hi, it'sme, Sani:Ijust wanted tocall, see ifeverything's

ouand Gabriel." They talked forafew minutesmore;

then Haight snapped himself outof his temporary peace of mindy
ie

i "ll ery to make it there

Listen,"
around Christmas time, but [ can't make
wanted to make sure that everything was c
e care of yourself Diane.
ouldlet himselfbe tempted tofall in love with her
_Abeslammed the phone down. There was no time for the f

araitees- I just

and to hear your

Before she could respond,

future meant too much'
Thestafffrom the Crombey farm's World Tree leaned:
awall. The blood-red wood glowed witha rich luster. His father's

gainst

skull perched atts top, laced in place by silver threads. Having the
focus of so much bittemess as a part of his gréateSt Weapon was a
sweet irony that Haight could not resist. The eyes of the skull had
by large black stones, taken from the Hollow Ones
‘ry he'd called home. The young mageS'wouldn't

been filled,

whose Gli

begrudge him the stones. The Apocalypse had come early for

them.

ght of the Staff was reassuring, glowing with

The heavy wei
Quintessence,pot
Guns, knives, mag
be, as ready as he needed to be to deal with an Antedilavian.

Hedial
front door. The operator answer

atin waysthataguncouldneverhopetoeqiial

kand worse—he wasasteadyashe would ever

epped tewards the
‘OU

ed thephone one last time ashe

d almost imme
cy"
is about to blow up. Have a nice day."

What is the nature of your emer
"Hi. My hous
Three blocks away, H:

detonatorandn

pushed the button on his remote

ned theformerChantry intoa crater. Thefireball

wasa glorious thing, alive with destructive power. He knew just

how irfelt.

amiuel Haight's serene expression hid the-laughter that

scfeamed through his mind. Even past the approaching sirens, he

could hear tht Laughter echoing: In another realn'of reality, the
Jaughter-was heard: by others. They too laughed to think of the
6s that Would soon be
The seventh day of Qétober was a bright one for $
Haight. Ifthe rest ofthe month wentaswell, hisdreamsofrevenge

uel

would be completes Itwasgood to be alive



Lu
I wo

up above it

Now I'm down in it

Well shut up so what does it matter now

I was swimming in the haze

Now I cratwl on the ground

And everything I never liked about you

Is kind of seeping into me

Nine Inch Nails, "Down In It"

The Chaos Factor isa book in two parts
Part One is a mini-sourcebook for Mexicc
City: the capital of the Sabbat in the Ameri-
cas, a stronghold for the Technocracy, and
one of the most Wyrm-corrupt locations in
the World of Darkness.

Due to space limitations, it would be

J impossible to accurately portray every super-
natural character in Mexico City. The city
holds over 200 vampires, 60 werewolves and 20 mages; the
Storyteller is encouraged to read through the sourcebook
thoroughly and make whatever additions best fit to cus-

tomize her city. Mexico City as presented is hardly a
complete listing; by adding new elements, you make the

City richer and more accessible to your chronicle.

Mood: The primary mood in Mexico City is dark and
paranoid. The supernaturals in Mexico City are aware of

each other, and not very happy about what they see. The

mages are deathly afraid of the Garou, and suspicious of

takes place. Likewise, the mages
hhat the $
Sabbat run so freely through the city

every violent action th:

are worried about just abbat are after, and a

that

The werewolves seem set on killing everyone they see,
but are cautious, sneaking through the gutters and hiding
from sight. No one knows for certain just how many

werewolves live in the city, and the werewolves aren't

telling. Just when the rest of the supernaturals think they
understand what is going on among the Garou, the
werewolves suddenly turn around and attack the same
people they were protecting the day before

Introduction 7


The vampires are mad, flaunting their immortality and
doing as they please with no regard for anyone, save
themselves. The Sabbat seem to fear nothing, save the
forces that dwell within the Church

And through it all, the Society of Leopold watches,
making notes and planning for the future...

Theme: The Theme of Mexico City's sourcebook is
hope. Mexico City is a corrupt megalopolis, overflowing
with the seedy refuse of the World of Darkness. The
Camarilla, the Garou and the Traditions are unwelcome
here. By all reason, there should be no hope surviving in
this den of evil. Yet through the battles for supremacy, the
forces that oppose the vile rulers of Mexico City continue
to fight back in small ways. Despite inescapable odds, hope
struggles on and even gains small victories where only
defeat seems possible.

The second book in The Chaos Factor is the cross-
over adventure by the same name. "The Chaos Factor"
involves Samuel Haight's final bid for power and the
players' best chance to stop his mad schemes forever

Mood: The mood for "The Chaos Factor" is, quite
simply, chaos — the chaos unleashed by a man grown too
powerful for his own good. Haight desperately wants to find
his prize and avoid being captured; to that end, he deliber-
ately sets the supernatural factions in Mexico City at each
other's throats. The result is grand bloodshed

Theme: In "The Chaos Factor," we see the results of
one man's quest for ultimate power and how that quest can
affect the World of Darkness. Samuel Haight falls under
the influence of his own hubris, and the world may well fall
with him. The theme of "The Chaos Factor," then, is
simply the evil that one man can do.

Two appendices at the back of this book hold impor-
tantstatisticsand facts for the Storyteller to consider before
starting thisadventure. Optional rules forincluding wraiths,
and, more importantly, the effects of Paradox throughout
the story are both included. The second appendix also
includes new rules for integrating Mage, Vampire and
Werewolf

Suggested Reading

Love and Rockets (comic) — The collected works of
the Hernandez Brothers, particularly the "Heartbreak Soup"

tales of Palomar, are very useful for capturing the feel of
Paraiso Vista

There are several books about the Aztecs, mostly
dissertations about past excavations and known historical
facts. The single best volume for easy reading and compre-
hension is GURPS: Aztecs, from Steve Jackson Games

National Geographic has published several articles on
both the history of and the living conditions in Mexico
City. There are few better sources for understanding the
complexities of modern life in Mexico. Most of these
articles can be found at your local library and range over the
last two decades. A wealth of new material has appeared in

The Chaos Factor

WY

AY


Spanish is a-very phonet ige, so almost

every Wor
actly as itis spelled.
Examples: :
* Huitsilopoctit— HU-eet-zee-IO-pok-tlee
Harzomatuili — Har-ZO-maht-oo-eel-ee
Tenochtitlan — Ten-ok-tee-tlan
> In-case¥where two vowels'are placed together,

me pon

Moe

exth vowel is pronounced separately, The only true
exception to this rule is when U and I are placed

together following the letter Q: 7
Example: Quintanaroo —Keen-Tah-Nah-RO-O

Most of the Aztec words as. we know them are
Simply Spanish approximations of Aztec names. The

~ uthorhas used several reference books in an attenipt
tofind the proper" pronunciation for éach wordand

= title.

a

d used in the language is prorfounced ex- Ay

Example: Motecuzoma — Mo-Tek-U-20-ma is =

recent months as a result of NAFTA's pas

recent civil uprising. These articles rarely present the U.S.
in the most flattering of terms. There are, however, reasons
for this.

While The Chaos Factor presents the darkest aspects
of Mexico City and adds many fictional miseries as well,
indescribable pollution, overcrowding and poverty exist
there just the same. The lot of the average Mexican citizen
is beyond anything we North Americans can imagine. This
is worth considering the next time you complain about a
leaky roof or broken air conditioner.

The World of Darkness is just that — a world of
darkness. When researching The Chaos Factor, the author
aimed specifically at the darkest aspects of life in modern
day Mexico and in the Aztec history. The facts have not
been exaggerated, but the gentle aspects of life have some-
times been ignored.

Aside from their time as a powerful conquering force,
the Aztecs also had many beautiful ceremonies that did not
involve human sacrifice or conquest. Before judging the
Aztecs too harshly, readers should learn a bit more about
the Aztecs' diverse and powerful culture. In the same place
and time, human history tells us that many other cultures
would have acted the same way, and in many cases cultures
from around the world have done far worse, with far less
reason.

Introduction



‘And so has been and so it's written
On the doorway to Paradise
‘That those who falter
oe those vl fall
lust pay'the price.
—Javert, Les Misérables:

SRO i
ye Rh OTE

4


, Chapter One:

History and
Geography

But you, children of space, yourestless in rest, you shall not
be trapped nor tamed

Your house shall not be an anchor but a mast.

You shall not dwell in tombs made by the dead for the living.

— Kahlil Gibran, The Prop!

Few cities in the Gothic Punk world ghosts whisper of the eternal spirit of the Mexican people.
seem more corruptand polluted than Mexico Pride struggles against hopelessness, faith against fear. An
vity. Under the domination ofuncaringcor- _ancientevil has poisoned the city, buta time of change may
porations, ruthlesspoliticiansandtheSabbat, _be at hand. The events during this year's Days of the Dead
Mexico is like an open wound on Mother may determine whether Mexico City awakens into new
Earth, a st oss the Tapestry hope or continues to slide into oblivion.

Despite a long legacy of oppression, pov Part One of this chapter describes the history of the
erty and dispair, however, Mexicostillstands city froma first-hand view. Part Two outlines major points
as a monument to hope. Amid the blood- _ of interest here, including the secret undercity, the Under-

stained shadows of the world's most populated city, old belly of the Wyrm.
Chapter One: History and Geography B


Wall leave only chs:

Like the flOwwers thagMrther? :
Will nothing lase in myname
Nothing of my famé here on earth? Po

Ac lease flowers! Ac least songs?" a ees
— Anonymous Aztec composer, A.D. 1519, "Songs of

Heuxotzingo"

The Dark History of Mexico City

I was there when Huitzilopoctli walked
out of the ocean's waters and onto the land.
IT knew when the time came for him to make
his presence known. He walked boldly across
the surface of the land, following an impulse

that only he could hope to understand.

I saw how powerful Huitzilopoctli was,
how he claimed the Aztecs as his own and
forced them to worship him. The Aztecs
came originally from Aztlan — the place of the Herons —
an area far to the northwest of Tenochtitlan. Aztlan wa
built in the center of a lake, and for many generations the
Aatec peoples were content to stay in theirarea, untouched
by the rest of the world. The mage Quetzalcoatl, the
Feathered Serpent, led them in peace and plenty for count-
less centuries before leaving them behind. He promised
that he would return one day, to save his people from
whatever troubles might befall them. Powerful signs of
change were in the air, and the Serpent traveled to find the
source of the changes he sensed, even from his place on
another continent. The powerful mage rode a seething raft
of snakes from the North American continent all the way
to Europe, and learned to his dismay that the world was
indeed changing, and that the changes had been brought
about by what is now referred to as the Technocracy

The Chaos Factor

The New God

With Quetzalcoatl out of the way, Huitzilopoctli de-
cided the time was right to seize power. There was a man,
a great warrior of the Aztlan, who actually bore the name
Huitzilopoctli. This man died at the hands of his imperson-
ator. The great warrior begged for mercy, and in its place
felt the steel-hard hands of his new god ripping the heart
from his chest

In A.D. 1116, the people of Aztlan were summoned by
the being who would become their god of war. He was a
powerful being, more than capable of crushing the mighti-
est human with only one hand, Hedemanded both sacrifices
and loyalty from them. Huitz
Aztecs to move with him. Too terrified to disobey, the
Aztecsand several other tribes moved on, following behind
their new god and, later, other gods as well. All other tribes
were allowed to stop their wanderings further north, but
the Aztecs were forced onward by Huitzilopoctli.

lopoctli commanded the

For over 200 years before their arrival in the valley, the
Aztecs became a nomadic tribe, eating what they could
forage and making sacrifices to their gods. Under the
leadership of Huitzilopoctli, the once-peaceful people be-
came a warrior race, conquering all that came before them

and suffering few defeats along the way. Huitzilopoctli
showed the gentle farmers how to fight and how to kill. He
showed them the best ways to forge weapons, and the best
waystouse them. He made them see power in the deaths of
their enemies, and many followed him eagerly.

In A.D, 1321, the first group of Aztecs wandered to the
Mexico Valley, trying desperately to find a place to call
their own. One of the leaders of the Aztec tribe, Tenoch,
saw an eagle perched on a cactus, devouring a snake, and
took this as a sign from Huitzilopoctli that they had at last
found ahome. Before long, a city was built near the shore
ofthe greatest lake in the area, Lake Tetzcoco, and within
a few decades the
Tenochtitlan. This city was built both on the land and on
the surface of the lake
build on, and large rafts of earth were designed and an-
chored together across Teztcoco in order to grow more
crops and to house more people as the Aztec Empire grew.

ztecs had built their great city,

The Aztecs needed more land to

Conquest

Eyenusingthe lake to increase the size of the lands, the
Aztecs still did not have enough space for all of their tribe.
Within a decade they had resumed their previous ways,
conquering as many of the nearby tribes as possible. The
frst hereditary king of the Aztecs, Acamapichti, was re-
sponsible for the conquests of four other city-states during
hisreign alone. The war god soon rea
threat to his power lay; Huitzilopoctli ordered the execu-

lized where the biggest

tion of all shape-changers, and the Garou and Bastet were
driven from the land. In the span of the next two centuries,
the /
Valley and drawing whole tribes into its folds. Fealties were
paid to the Aztecs by the conquered tribes. The only
protection for a tribe that faced the /
the form of silver, rare spices, slaves and human sacrifices
Wherever members of the ch
were slaughtered or driven into retreat

tec Empire grew in power spreading from the Mexico

ec Nation came in
hanging races were found, they
Throughout those 200 years, Huitzilopoctli guided his

chosen people, rewarding them with rich crops for their
sacrifices in his name, and feasting on the souls of A

sacrifices in his honor

the power of the Actecs grew, so grew the power of
their gods as well. Above them all stood Huitzilopoctli,
often allowing the other gods greater glory and credit, but
always driving the Aztecs further and further in search of
food for themselves and blood sacrifices for their deities
Many of the deities of the peoples conquered by the Aztec
Nation were adopted into the Aztecs' own beliefs. Many
more were not, and even the smallest traces of these dark
gods were ordered destroyed by Huitzilopoctli. The god-
desses Malinalxochitl and Coyolxauhqui were only two of

the gods who were defeated and expelled. By the order of
Huitzilopoctli, anyone worshipping these deities was sacri-
ficed in his name, ot for the greater glory of his pantheon.
ctli knew peace in his heart, and felt
the joy that only violent death could bring to him:

Fora time Huitzilop


In time, the Aztecs conquered the Mayans, the Toltecs
and others, spreading themselves across the lands in a relent-
less torrent of war. Great Huitzilopoctli and the other, lesser
gods he permitted to reign with him grew in power, reveling
in the blood of their enemies. Those same gods grew com
cent, no longer appearing before their people, speaking to
them only through their servants, the priests. The gods called
forsactifices and conquest, demanded that they be served, but
they no longer aided their people. Even gods make mistakes.
ar to the south, the Aztecsattempted to attack the m
now called El Dorado, at his home near Lake Parima, and were
driven back for their insolence. El Dorado's female allies had
the power to change shapes, becoming monstrous attackers
that killed with unparalleled ferocity. Far to the north, the
Aztecs were met by proud peoples with powerful allies that
could also change shape, and were again driven back. Despite

ae

their defeats, the Aztecs grew in power and glory. These small
defeats were as nothing compared to the great conquests
elsewhere. Like their gods, the Aztecs grew complacent,
certain that nothing could ever stop them. Until the coming
of Cortes.

Surrender

Cortes came from Spain by way of Cuba, and brought
with him the fulfillment of a dark prophecy. He came first to
the lands now called Veracruz, bringing with him Helena, a

powerful vampire, some 600 men and a terrifying tool of the
Technocracy, a cannon. Rumors of the powerful king,
Motecuzoma, and more importantly, legends of his wealth,
drove the Spaniard and his minions forward, eventually
leading them to Tenochtitlan. 200 of Cortes' men were left in
Veracruz to hold the land in Spain's name. Along the way, the
Spaniards encountered a rival group of natives who had
managed to fight off all attempts by the Aztecs to conquer
them, the Tlaxcalan.

Cortes and the Tlaxcalan came to an understanding
shortly after Cortes' cannon had taught the tribe the error of
their ways; between the cannon and the horses that he
brought with him to the continent, Cortes easily won against
his first true foes. With the help of Helena, he soon convinced
the Tlaxcalan to join them. The Tlaxcalan realized that even
Tenochtitlan could easily fall to the power of Cortes' cannon.
Embittered by their long-standing war against the Aztecs, the
Tlaxcalan offered their assistance to reach and conquer the

powerful empire, assistance that Cortes eagerly accepted
In truth, there really was no war. Motecuzoma — king of
the Aztec empire — knew what even Cortes did not know
The Spaniard had brought with him a powerful being, an
Oracle who had long ago left the continent and traveled to

other partsof the world, Cortesbrought with him Quetzalcoatl,
Ant
cuzomasenttithings

powerful enough to be considered god by the s, the very

god that Huitzilopoctlihad replaced. Mote
to placate the returning deity, tithings that Cortes kept for
himself and for his motherland, Spain


Motecuzoma knew that his time asa leader was soon to
end; the followers of Quetzalcoatl had foreseen that his
leadership would bring about the fall the Aztec nation.
Now they awaited their god in Cholula, a free city that
stood inallegiance with Motecuzoma. The Cholulan people
rejoiced to have their god back, until their god betrayed
them. The Spaniards and their Tlaxcalan warriors devas-
tated the Cholulans, slaughtering the willing followers ofa
god who no longer cared.

Most believed that Quetzalcoatl had changed during
his long visit to Europe, turning to follow the ways of the
Spaniards. In truth, he never actually came back from the
distant lands. Only his physical form returned, possessed by
a Seeker of Voids. The mage has long since gone insane,
andstill believes that he is Quetzalcoatl. He is not. He may
have some of the Oracle's memories, but the true
Quetzalcoat! has long been with the Totem Phoenix in the
Umbra. This too, I know for fact.

Motecuzoma saw the fall of Cholula as a final warning
that he had angered Quetzalcoatl, and an angry god was far
more terrifying than gods who no longer answered his pleas.
In November, A.D. 1519, Motecuzoma faced his first god
and his minions, stood before Cortes with his entourage of
400 men, and surrendered his empire. Queztalcoatl and
Cortes alike were appalled by the bloody sacrifices that the
Antec committed to satiate their gods. Within six months
the whole of the empire fell before the combined might of
theconquerors, and the sacrifices had stopped. Motecuzoma
still led his people, but only because Cortes was able to use
him asa pawn. By the end of the first month, the beautiful
Helena left the area, claiming that what she sought could
not be found there.

What she found was Huitzilopoctli, and that discovery
alone was enough to drive her away. Huitzilopoctli lay
beneath the great pyramid built to honor him, and Helena
boldly entered the pyramid, only to flee upon seeing his
slumbering form. So beautiful a woman, so easily terrified
by the old legends from before she was even born! Helena
1 the might of Huitzilopoctli; even as he slept, his
strength was enough to force her away. She ran far to the
north, never to return. This was for the best — great
Huitzilopoctli would surely have consumed her soul. Hel-
ena, no doubt, would probably tell a different tale, but she
is not here to dispute the matter.

She left behind one of her own Childer, Marie
Galbraith, and Huitzilopoctli used his powers to woo the
Childe, convincing her that her Sire had betrayed her. She
briefly reigned as the only Prince of Tenochtitlan,

The Fall

By the time Cortes came to Tenoctitlan, the capital of
the Aztec Empire was home to over 200,000 people, over
twice thesize of any city in Europe at that time. Tenochtitlan
rested in the very center of Lake Tetzcoco, built on enor-
mous rafts and on the remains of buildings that had sunk

could fe

over the span of two centuries. Over 40 pyramids stood in
the heart if the city, raised to the glory of the Aztec gods
and, often as not, used for human sacrifice.

Over 135,000 sacrifices were made to Huitzilopoctli
and other gods of the Aztec people. The people killed were
mostly slaves, without rank or power, yet for their gift of life
and blood their skulls were placed with reverence in racks
before the greatest of the pyramids. The power of those
sacrifices had served its purpose well. The energies released
by those ritualistic slayings left the land forever tainted by
the anger and sorrow of countless thousands of deaths.

Neither Quetzalcoatl nor Cortes had counted on the
power of the new gods even when they were not visibly
present. After only a few months, the Spaniards under the
command of Cortes planned just how they would spend the
gold that the Aztecs seemingly took for granted. The spirit
of the Aztec nation was crushed. When Cortes was called
away to deal with potential troubles in Veracruz, the gods
took matters into their own hands and used the greed of the
Spaniards as a weapon against them.

Over 400 additional Spaniards had joined Cortes in
Tenochtitlan by that time, and Pedro de Alvarado — the
temporary commander in Cortes' absence — began an
assault against the mostly docile Aztecs, slaughtering some
10,000 of the people. From his resting place, great
Huitzilopoctli smiled, and fed on their souls. He then
forced the people he had abandoned to grow angry, to fight
back where before they had simply tolerated the abuses
they suffered at the Spaniards' hands.

Cortes came back to Tenoctitlan to find the people he
had bloodlessly conquered in an uproar, tearing to piecesall
that the Spaniards had brought with them. The fool was
astounded; he could not believe that the citizens of
Tenochtitlan could be so violent after they so easily surren-
dered to him. Cortes attempted to placate the Aztecs by
using Motecuzoma as a pawn again. Poor, foolish
Motecuzoma tried to pacify his people, but the Spaniards
knew enough of his language to understand him when he
swore that the Spanish people would leave Tenochtitlan.
They repeatedly stabbed him in the back, even as he spoke
to his followers. And Huitzilopoctli smiled again, and fed
on the emotional turmoil of his people.

Enraged by the actions of the Spaniards and led by
Motecuzoma's cousin Cu‘automec, the Aztec peoples drove
Hernan Cortes and his followers from the city, slaying over
800 Spaniards in retaliation. For ten short months,
Tenochtitlan remained the capital of the Aztec empire.
Then Cortes returned, bringing with him all of the weap-
ons he could find. Those natives who had been conquered
by the Aztecs offered no assistance against the Spanish
conquerors. The Spaniards brought with them more mighty
weapons, the Inquisition and, unbeknownst to them, the
Sabbat. The Sabbat encountered Marie Galbraith, fully
prepared to destroy her, but changed their minds when they
discovered how eager she was to break the Blood Bond that

Chapter One: History and Geography 17


held her in Thrall to Helena. In time she proved herself to
the members of the
position of Cardinal for all of Mexico, just as Huitzilopoctli

Sabbat, and in time she achieved the

wanted
n of the cross, held by the true believers of the
Inqu lopoctli grew silent, hiding in the dark-
ness and biding his time. In a span of less than 75 days, the
ec empire was crushed. Tenochtitlan and several other

Atthesi
ion, Huit

cities in the area were razed, burned, and plundered. Over
the ruins of Tenochtitlan a new city was built, acity named
after the valley in which it rested. Mexico City
Huitzilopoctl's first Kindred pawn was in place, and the
time was right for sleeping
Starvation and the plague further devastated the re-
mains of the Aztec empire, and further fed Huitzilopoctli
Cortes claimed fealty from all who had been a part of the

empire, and conquered the lands in the name of

pain

Huiteilopoctli watched o:
sition became a major force in Mexico, and with the
Inquisition came members of the Celestial Chorus. While
the Spaniards hunted down as many of the supernatural

creatures as could be found, destroying them outright

silent and brooding. The Inqui-

whenever possible, the mages began a campaign of enlight-
enment that continues strongly even to the present day.
Huitzilopoctli, the primary god of the Aztec peoples, all but
faded from the peoples' minds as Catholicism was intro-
duced into the area. Yet even as unhappy Huitzilopoctli's

worshippers were turned from him, he began to plan anew.

The Chaos Factor

Spanish Rule

The Spanish occupation of Mexico failed to make life
any easier for the natives. Those who once held land soon
became merely servants under the new landholders, the
Hacendados, and their rulers the Viceroys. The land
around Mexico City were cultivated and farmed. Through-
out colonial Mexico, large land holdings called Haciendas
became the norm. Haciendas were owned by the Spanish
Hacendados, and were worked by the people who had
originally owned the land. The native people were forced

to learn Spanish, as the Spaniards found their native
tongues too difficult to comprehend and pronounce
Huitzilopoctli watched on, angered by the mistreatment of
his proud warriors, made helpless through the Inquisition's
Faith. E
proud legions

ven held at bay, he fed on the suffering of his once

All Spaniards who came to the Colonies in Mexico
were forced to swear fealty to the Catholic Church and to
Spain, and fell easily under the power of the Inquisition.
E
hiding among the clergy. Still, they commanded many of
the Catholic soldiers, de

en in those times, the Society of Leopold was subtle,

roying any who did not publicly
agree to convert to Catholicism. They also destroyed many
who agreed to convert, simply because of their heritage
Garou Kinfolk were hunted down and slaughtered as
witches, known mages were destroyed, and the few Kindred

who came to the area soon met with Final Death if they

were not careful.


Those supernaturals who survived grew cautious, and for
many years the Awakened ofall forms managed to live in the
area without too much fear. However, those who lived in the
area for too long soon fell victim to the baser instincts of their
nature. Greed, all manner of lust, and violence rapidly became
the norm. The Inquisition eventually moved on, leaving
behind small pocket groups to report any crimes to Spain and
the Holy Catholic Church,

Life went on as before among the low-status natives —
serving their overlords and praying forescape toa betterplac
Theprimary difference was to whom they prayed for guidance.

While Huitzilopoctli had once been the root source of
religious fervor, Catholicism swiftly grew in strength, evolving
into a unique version that blended traditional beliefs with
those of the Catholic conquerors. Huitzilopoctli became
furious, maddened by the betrayal. Still, he schemed and
planned his vengeance.

AsMexicoand Mexico City grew in power and insize, the
influenceof the Catholic Church spread as well. For 300 years,
very little seemed to change in the area, save for the slow
growth of the Catholic Church's land holdings. The Spanish-
controlled government attempted to take the landsaway from
the church and, in fact, succeeded in their attempts, but only
at great cost. The city was embroiled in battle after battle for
agreat many years. Through itall, Huitzilopoctli slepr, feeding
on the pain and waiting for the time when he could awaken
andfinish whathe had begun. He cared only for gathering the
forces needed to awaken his dark masters...

The Spaniards attempted to destroy all written records of
the Aztecs' history, burning all of the codices that the Aztec
people had created and burying the great temples they had
builtin worship of their gods. Members of the Celestial Chorus
hid and rewrote many codices to prevent obscurity, the fate
thathad befallen the mage El Dorado. The Realm of El Dorado
hadbeen assaulted bya heavy invading force, amongthem the
Seekers of the Void. Despite El Dorado's best efforts and the
might of the Black Fury Garou who fought at his side, the
Seekers of the Void literally mapped his city out of existence.
Inthe eyes of the Technocracy, El Dorado and the city named
after him had no place in the New World they were building.
Even far from the shores of Lake Parima, I could feel the
anguish of El Dorado at his betrayal by Quetzalcoat!. They had
been friends, you see, and they had been brothers in their
desire to care for the land. I think that is what defeated the
Oracle: betrayal by his brother.

The peoples of Mexico City, and all of Mexico, soon
started segregating, The Penisulares— Spanish colonistsborn
in Spain — soon took the most powerful positions in the
goverment and in the church, followed in power by the
Criolles — those of pure Spanish descent born in Mexico, the
Mestizos, those of mixed heritage — and lastly the natives
themselves. Despite the overwhelming numbers of Mestizos,
the Penisulares and the Criolles held all real political and
financial power.

The vast majority of the people in the land lived in
poverty and without protection of any sort from criminals;
while they were forced to pay taxes, the moneys went to Spain.
On September 16, A.D. 1810, Father Miguel Hidalgo y
Costilla called for revolt, and the people of Mexico agreed.
The Criollo priest rallied forces of natives and Criolles to his
side. Despite his best efforts, his attempt to overthrow the
Spanish rule failed, and he was executed as an example to the
peasantry. Huitzilopoctli fed well during the bloody fighting.

History repeated itself; the descendants of the Aztec
Empire rose in even greater numbers to battle against the
Spanish tyranny. Though it took several years to right the
situation, the Mexican people won their liberty from Spain; in
AD, 1821 the Spanish government was forced to sign the
Treaty of Cordoba. Mexico was no longer a colony of Spain,
but a country in its own right

" The Last Century

For three years after the victory, various political
factions within Mexico City attempted to wrest control of
the government. These coups were usually very brief,
lasting only until yet another uprising drove would-be
dictators down. Among the most prominent of the con-
tenders was Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, a fearsome
strategist and a brutal revolutionary.

In 1910, Emilio Zapata called for land reform. After
years of trying to arrange the land reform, Zapata, like
Pancho Villa, robbed the Hacendados of their riches and
livestock to feed and equip his followers. Even as the
revolution ended, Zapata was slaughtered by his own men,
men who had been purchased with promises of wealth and
power. Zapata is so much a figure of legend in Mexico that
recent attacks by guerrilla forces in southern Mexico have
been carried out under his name — an impressive achieve-
ment for a mortal, but the use of his name has left him no
less dead.

To compound the problems, settlers from the United
States started moving into the northernmost partsof Mexico,
leading to a series of border skirmishes and finally to the
Mexican-American War. The war lasted for almost 10
years, and during this time the Sabbat Kindred used their
typically brutal tactics to aid the United States. General
Winfield Scott of the United States Army captured Mexico
City in the latter part of 1847.

On February 2, A.D. 1848, the government of Mexico
signed the Treaty of Guadelupe Hidalgo, surrendering over
one third of their entire country to the United States, for
the tidy sum of $15,000,000 . By the time the United States
Army had left Mexico City, the Sabbat had cemented their
earlier stronghold. Those Kindred who had remained in
hiding had assisted in Mexico's downfall from within.
Those who had fled before the Inquisition returned with
reinforcements. Mexico City never had a chance.

And that was just as Huitzilopoctli wanted it. The
Sabbat hated the Inquisition almost as much as the god of
war himself hated the interlopers

Contrary to what many suppose, many of Mexico's
wars can only be blamed on the mortals. The Mexican wat
against France was driven by human greed, though the
Sabbat used the opportunity to assault and conquer still
more of the southern tip North America. Just as the
eventual victory by Mexico was manipulated by the Sabbat,
the power gap left by the death of Mexico's first president,
Benito Juarez, was an opportunity for another group. The

election" of Juarez' successor was manipulated by Pentex
Then merely a budding group, the Pentex companies
supported the less-than-benevolent rule of General Porfirio
Diaz,

During his time as the President of Mexico, Diaz ruled
asa dictator, refusing the people their right to elect another
in his place and supporting heavy industrialization. Pentex
grew in power and in size, eventually moving many of their
operations to Mexico City. With Pentex came the Black
Spiral Dancers. Huitzilopoctli was pleased, forhere, as with
the Sabbat before, was a group he could manipulate

During the 1940's, Mexico City's industrialization
increased by leaps and bounds as factories were built to
assist in the battle against the Nazi movement. The Tech-
nocracy, under the influence of Quetzalcoatl, increased
industrialization in the area as never before. The powerful
Technomancer spent a great deal of time studying his arts
and planning the next stages in the technological growth
of his homeland. Quetzalcoatl had decided that the time
was right to step up operations in Mexico, and that Mexico
City was the ideal place for industrialization. When the war
was over, dozens of the manufacturers went out of business,
or were absorbed by subsidiaries of Pentex. The coils of the
Wyrm wrapped around Mexico City and squeezed hard
drawing blood again and again. The Technocracy mages
took full advantage of the huge supply of empty ware
houses, draining the Nodes thathad always existed beneath
the shores of Lake Teztcoco. All, that is, save the four
powerful Nodes that Huitzilopoctli hid from their view.

Among the Sabbat, Pentex, the Black Spiral Dancers
and the combined forces of the Technocracy, there is little
about Mexico City that seems appealing at a glance. Most
non-native people asked about the city will normally
respond with comments like "Don't drink the water," and

‘You wouldn't catch me there in a million years." The
crime rate is appalling, the living conditions for the vast
majority of Mexico City's citizens are reprehensible, and
the smog factor makes Los Angeles seem pleasant in com-
parison. On the surface, there is little to keep a person in
the city. Hope cannot be seen on the surface. This is as
Huitzilopoctli wants it.

The Chaos Factor


The Great Quake of 1985

September 19, A.D. 1985: An earth
buildings sustained dama,
than 9,000 people were crushed todeath under the weig!

The seismic
waves that slammed thi

a rough Mi 3}
explosion in Hiroshima. ee

Throughout all of

Mexico City, th
aoe f the Garou, Kindred and mages have sought the cause of the

eir own

ind, and even Pentex and variou demonic forces. No
Supernatural cause for the quake, and tensions bet een, ie al il ing factions ee
¥ sions betw variou
en
er before, often risking their own lives i

last eight years, all signs that there ever w,
layers of paint and plaster. Stil,

The people of Mexico City bande
he thousands pinned beneath t

een removed, rebuilt or simply hi i
behind the attack. ee eae
In truth, the devastation was si

ocean's crustslipping and colliding wi
and all other forces are

cd together as nevi

_ The Awakened refuse to a
tying to destroy them, just who i
of enhanced paranoia, and that

PE

i

Mexico City Today:

Mexico City's growth and gigantic size are alarming all out
of all known proportion.

— Mexican President Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado,
cinca 1984

Today Mexico City is one of the fastest growing cities
in the world. With a population in excess of 20,000,000
people, half or more under the age of 18, Mexico City is
already world's most populous city, and there is no end in
sight. Over 1,000 people move to the city from other parts
ofMexico daily, and the predictions are that by A.D. 2000
the city will hold in excess of 30,000,000 living souls.

Almost 30,000 factories spew over 11,000 tonsof black
smoke and gaseous waste into the air daily. Encased in
mountains as he is, Mexico City holds most of this poison-
ous air close to her heart. The city attracts people just the
same, people making a last desperate attempt to eke out a
living away from farms that simply do not turn a profit.

The Awakened

The Technocracy's grip on the city is impossible to
shake; every Node that could be found has been converted
by Iteration X, every Chantry that once existed has been
destroyed — ot so the Technocracy believes. Mexico City
is literally the Sabbat stronghold in North America. The
LA.. Freestates act as a buffer against blatant Camarilla
intervention, but there are none insane enough to enter
the area if they do not belong to the Sabbat — or so the
Sabbat believes.

The Black Spiral Dancers have a powerful Hive be-
neath the vibrant crust of Mexico City and they alone of all

quake registerin,
ige ranging from broken windo\

ht of those buildings, and 100,00
ity were more powerful by far than t

mply a natural earthqual
ith the foundation of the
innocent — at least of this particular

ig 8.1 on the Richt i
ee fer Scale struck Mexico City. Over 4,000

alls to complete structural collapse. More

0 or more people were injured.
those that followed the atomic

massive earthquake,
ne has ever found a
building ever since,

Nn an attempt to save

i ‘as an earthquake have
the Awakened wonder who was

ke caused by the shifting of enormo

continent. Nature and the stre:
crime.

us sections of the
'sses of time are to blame

Garou thrive in the darkest city in the New World— or so
they believe. What Pentex doesn't own in Mexico City is
simply not worth owning; the trash and human debris that
litter the streets or worse, hide away in the massive garbage
dumps, clawing caves into heaps of human refuse, are
hardly of value in the world. Or so Pentex would like to
believe. In Mexico City, as in few other locations, the
Sabbat and the Technocracy unknowingly work together,
increasing the size of the city and the population that
inhabits her skin like maggots on a bloated corpse. Neither
group realizes how well they have been manipulated by
Huitzilopoctli.

Surely there are none amongst the Traditions, none
amongst the Camarilla's Kindred or in the Tribes of the
Garou who would be foolish enough to live in Mexico City.
Surely they know that they could not survive without being
detected and killed, or worse, corrupted. As long as the
leaders of Mexico City's Awakened believe this way, there
will always be hope.

The bitter irony of Mexico City is simply that the city
is too large for any of these groups to control. Contrary to
the Technocracy's belief, there are a surprising number of
Tradition mages in the city. An even larger number of
Nephandi exist, waiting and enjoying the view. With
sufficient skill, a very cautious vampire — perhaps even an
Archon — could avoid detection in a city of 20,000,000.
And the streets of Mexico City hold one of the largest
gatherings of Bone Gnawers anywhere, over 50 when last
I counted; who better to survive in a city so large than the
Garou wise enough to know how to adapt?

Chapter One: History and Geography 2


Pentex: The Talon of the Wyrm

It's a small world and it smells funny

Pd buy another if it wasn't for the money

— Sisters of Mercy, "Vision Thing"

Pentex employees make up a surprising portion
of the wealthy in Mexico City; the upper echelon
executives in Pentex' employ are paid excessively
for both the knowledge they possess and the loyalty
they show. Even by the standards-of living in the
United States, the employees of Pentex are well
paid; in Mexico City they can, and often do, live
like royalty.

The vast majority of Pentex factory employees
are paid only 65 cents per hour, and.are forced to
work-twelve-hour days. There are no benefit plans
for the factory workers in Mexico City. Most of the
workers are subliminally exposed daily to¢orruptive
concepts and emotions in onesof the Bane-
corporation's greatest attempts to destroy the human
spirit. Most of Pentex' manual laborers are chosen
after a simple screening to find who'is the most
desperate for work, and who has the lowest moral
standard. Most of the employees working for Pentex

are already fairly corrupt, and are easily led to the
ways of the Wyrm.

Those who fall victim to industrial accidents or
hazardous, waste and survive are thrown out on the
street. "Doctors" in each of the factories examine
the victims for injaries{and keep notes. Those with
fomori "potential" are immediately taken, at gun
point if necessary, to the doctor's offices for "treat-
ment," Most are neverseen again — at least not in
any recognizable form.

Fomori agents are often "recruited" in Mexico
City and then given a brief training course before
being sent as reinforcements in the war against the
Garou for domination of the Amazon Basin (see
Rage Across the Amazon). Those who prove too
feeble for battle in the Amazon aré often used as

urban police troops, particularly if they canstill pass
for human.

22 The Chaos Factor

Hope and Misery
Despite the best efforts of the Technocracy, the
Catholic Church remains a powerful force in Mexico
City. Latin American Catholicism is a very different
form of the Roman religion, adding several patrons
unique to Latin America, and several holy times that are

found only in Mexico and in a few adjoining countries
The Church brings not only members of the Society of
Leopold, but members of the Celestial Chorus as well
There is little that can be done about the poverty, but
the Sleepers can be taught, and there are few places
known to humankind where a stronger supply of Faith
can be found. The people of Mexico City awaken every
day to the same drab world, in many cases awaking to the
same four walls, surrounded by family members. Birth
control is a fairly new concept in Mexico City, and
abortion is illegal — it still occurs in the back alleys and
filth-lined rooms, but it is illegal just the same. Families
frequently live as many as 10 toa small house, in places
with no power and very poor plumbing. In spite of some
of the worst overpopulation and poverty known to exist
on this planet, hope still awakens in the majority of
people every day.

Many of the people are simply trying to do their best,
but there are those among them who don't hestitate to
take what they desire, even at the expense of other lives
Hope alone cannot stop the rampant crime that exists in
Mexico City. Here, the only law that really counts is the
law of survival. The law enforcement agencies in Mexico
City are more often than not horribly corrupt, with
methods of gathering confessions that range from simple
lying to outright torture. The crimes a person is accused
of may not have even occurred — for the right sum, a
crime can be fabricated to suit the punishment. Murder-
ers can walk away from bloodied victims with no fear of
ever being captured, as long as they can pay the right sum
to the police.

Hundreds of years have taught the poor of Mexico
City to accept their fates all too often, but the small
percentage of truly wealthy citizens have helped with
the lesson. Pay-offs and governmental kick-backs pay for
an amazing amount of the rich man's lifestyle.

Along the border, disease and misery ravage the
land, fueled by the greed of corporate tyrants. Pentex
could not be happier. The Progenitors are studying the
results carefully, but some of the more concerned among
them have started work on trying to find a cure for the
problems caused by such rampant pollution. It should be
noted that the Progenitors in Mexico City have done
nothing at all to stop the accelerated genetic degenera-
tion of the people of Mexico. Only in the areas away
from the city do the Progenitors attempt to find a
solution.


The Onderbelly of the Wyrm

The Nosferatu antitribu of Mexico City have gone
mad, at least in the eyes of most Kindred. The Nosferatu
ofthe Sabbat, along with the Black Spiral Dancers and
the Nephandi mages, have created a monster that needs
them less than they need it.

Simply called the Pandemonium, or the Underbelly
by its denizens, the entire area under Mexico City,
above, around and beneath what once Tenochtitlan
and Tlatelcoco the religious capital of the Aztec
mpire — has become one enormous community in its

own right.

Soon after Cortes came to Tenochtitlan,
Huitzilopoctli expanded his consciousness, calling to his
king for their aid. The aid came in the
form of a small black growth that erupted from

masters and

Huitzilopoctli's chest and began to feed on the same
pain and frustration that nourished the god of war. He
had no complaints about sharing the energies; there was

still so much suffering to go around.

In the
Aztec Nation, a Nephandi Labyrinth, a Black Spiral
Dancer Hive, a Nosferatu Warren, and a vile haunt have

ns of what was once the capital of the

merged, growing from the black seed that Huitzilopoctli
planted. Contrary to the Technocracy's belief, the Un-
derbelly is filled with several powerful Nodes hidden by
the powers of the Nosferatu and Nephandi. The Under-
belly reaches to portals deep into the Umbra where

creatures beyond simple description wait with hungry
souls. All of the Underbelly is filled with the Wyrm's
corruption, and plans are well under way to extend the
inadequate sewer systems even deeper into the cor-
rupted soil.

Ironically, the powerful beliefs of the citizens of
Mexico City and the works of the Celestial Chorus are
partially responsible for the ease with which the under
dwellers have hidden their home. The corruption is
weakened nearer to the city's surface, beaten back to
some small degree by the wishes of the people and the
power of the Celestial Chorus. Even the Chorus is
unaware of the effect they have on the Underbelly
And that is just as Huitzilopoctli wants it.

Chapter One: History and Geography

‘The America government couldn' tcaré lessiforanyone else here
gets sick or dies, fit gers in che wary of free trade.

— Jim Teyechea, 44-year-old victim. of cancer allegedly
broughton by the Maquiladora Program (Spin Magetzine, October
1993)

The North American Free Trade Agréement, or NAFTA,
Was only recently passed, and already the impact can be felt in
Mexico City. In the words of one Tradition mage, "The Technoc-
racy has only just begun todéstroy the worldas we knowit."In the
Gothic-Pink world, NAFTA only works on paper.

In 1964, thecountry of Mexico conceded toasmallerformof
this agreement that opened free trade along the Mexican border.
Many Fortune 500 companies in the States éagerly opened new
factoriés in the area. f

In addition to saving the participating companies countless
millions in labor costs every year $30,000 dollars peremployee,
as opposed to what the same employee would make in the US.—
thé Maquiladora Program caused a,population explosion in the
borderareas of Mexico that comes clobe to rivaling the population,
incretise in Mexico City proper. In the last 10 years, the areas of
Mexicoexposed tothe Maquiladora Programhave literallydoubled
in-populatigh as the impoverished people of Mexico attempt to
find employment,

"In thé' last'30 years, both ‘cancer ‘and birth defects have

rptkyrocketed in the area. These statistics come front' the United
States alone, with doubtless much higher numbers on' the
Mexican side gf the border. Open sewage spills into the Rio
Grande, and toxic waste flows into the land, air and waterat rates
exceeding 260,000 tons pet year. Most of this waste comes from
large US. companies that are notrestricted by the sime en viron-
mental laws in Mexico as they are in the U.S. This is not fiction.
This pollution exists.

‘The'sewer systems in most of the areas affected were never
designedtoaccommodatethe vasthumbersofpeople thatnowlive
in the area. The-people moving*into the areas. are nomally
desperate for workyaind seldom make enough money to afford
reasonable housing. As with Mexico City, many aré forced tolive
inhovels, or worse, find shelter within the garbage heapsand land
fills. meee:

AllofMexicoisnowopenedtothesaméopportunitiestorjobs
from the USA and possibly'even fréimi Canada. All of México
could soon face the same overwhelming disposal problems as the
boitler'towns_and Mexico City, along-with all-of the same
consequences.

Protestand Oprisings
The wer ive declare isa ial but justified measure, We have
nothing, absolutely nothing. Not a dignified roof, nor work, nor land,
nor health cere; nor education.
— Commandante' Marcos; leadét of the rebel forces in.
Mexico's Chiapas attacks, in'a-¢Ommuniqué issued from: the
‘ccupied towns

While many of the Mexican peoples support NAFTA,
hoping 16 find more obsanda betterlifestyle, there are also manly
whoare opposed. In some cases, the opposition to NAFTA takes
the form of violence. On January. 1,°1994, over 2,000 armed
Mexicans, mostly native Indians, attacked the towns of San
Cristabal de las Casas, Qoosingo, A ltamirano, and Las Margaritas
Chiapas, the southernmost state of Mexico. The worst of the
violence took place in San Cristabal dé las Casas, where members
ofthe Zapatista National Liberation Army —namedafterEmiliano
Zapata — stormed into the eity and attacked the town hall: The
building was ransacked and set ablaze:

"Thepurposeofthisdestructionwassimple:the Mayanpeople
living in the areahad decided that the time had come topointout
their troubles. While mast of Mexicoand Mexico City celebrated
the coming of NAFTA, the Mayansof Chiapas simply wanted to
take back what had been theirs before the Europeans came.

That the attack was doomed tofailure isagiven; thatitcame
at the worst possible time, for President Carlos Salinas de Gotari 7
was alsoa given, Salinasclaimed that NAFTA was necessary,and
wouldbringMexicointopowerasan industrializednation. Salinas
was intesnationally embarrassed — first by the attempted coup,
then By public outrage as many of the attacking guerrillas were
gunnedidownt not in. coffibat, but in military executions. In a
country where left-wing violence hasniotoccurrédin two decades,
the assault wattinexpected and, in the eyes of the goverment,
unprovoked. "ag

Thebatlelaecd Simdaglggs tis Menicinzovemmént
forcedthe freedom fighters ack intothehills. Over [O0diedinthe
conflict; mostly members of the Zapatistaylinat least six cases, the
Mayan fighters had their hands bound andl
of the head. The guerrilla fighters, estimated at some 2)000, were
met by an estimated 12,000 Mexican soldiers using planes,
hhelfGopters and armored personnel carriers.

"This incident is obviously unfortunate, but I don't think
it Will have any impact at all onthe interest of U.S. business in
pursuing-a strong relationship with Mexicoin NABTA," said
Everete Briggs, president of the Gouneil of the Americas, which

srepresents about 200.U:S. companies with investmentsin Latin

America;"Mexic0 is a big country: You can have an outbreak
of trouble in one place without a big effect elsewhere."
Time, January 17, 1994

"
The week after the violence had erupted, the Mexican

government promised to send 20 tons of much needed food

supplies into the area, and to send Chiapas a $1,000,000 |

advance on President Salinas' Solidarity Programs a pro-
gram designed to keep Mexico's economy from completély
collapsing. Time will tell if these promises ate fulfilled.

The majority of the Zapatista fighters éScaped into the
mountains. Should the promises delivered by the Mexican
Government not come through, it is almost certain that
there will be more attacks. The start of NAETA's involve-
ment in' Mexico has been less than prosperous.


The Light History of Paraiso Vista

Paraiso Vista is a beautiful town, tran-
quil and without much by way of crime. No
place is perfect; there are still a few small
squabbles, and from time to time a drunken
brawl, but no serious crime. There has never
been a murder in Paraiso Vista; there has
on for killing, No one is
without the necessities of life, and most have
more than they need. Paraiso Vista is con-
tent. The people want for nothing and keep to themselves.
Paraiso Vista is a very well-kept secret less than 100 miles

never been a re

from the violence and poverty of Mexico City.

Alltold, the population of Paraiso Vista, including the
farms nearby, numbers only 432 people. There are no
televisions in Paraiso Vista. There is only one phone, and
that seldom works very well. The wells from which the
people drink are pure and untouched by the industrial filth
that drenches most of the country. The Wyrm has never
found a stronghold from which it could latch onto the
hearts and minds of the people.

Thereare no mages, Garou or Kindred in Paraiso Vista
There are a few ghosts here, but only a few, and they are
placated by the celebrations and gifts presented during the
Days of the Dead.

The largest threat that has ever come to Paraiso
Vista was a few tremors from the great earthquake of
1985. Even that was only a gentle rattling of windows;
no one was hurt, for which the people are all grateful.
The only thing damaged was the small Catholic Church
that collapsed in upon itself. [t was a pretty building, but
hardly necessary; no one had attended in years. "God,"
the people of Paraiso Vista have always said, "is in the
heart, not in a building." Parents teach their children
about God and Jesus Christ at home, and religion is
almost never discussed aloud, save perhaps during the
holidays

Paraiso Vi:
been around for almost 300 years. Somehow, the town
never really grew. From time to time the children would
leave on their own, never to return, but there were
always new people coming in — never too many, just

a is a very small community, and has

enough for a town the size of Paraiso Vista — and the
town survived. Most of the families live in the same
t-grandparents lived in, and the past is
held close to the heart. The simple ways of life really are
better, as far as Paraiso Vista and her people are con-

homes their gr

cerned.

To the north of the village, a cold, pure stream runs
from the mountains, filling the small lake and the wells.
When the dry season comes, the tiny lake—hardly more
than a pond, if the truth must be told — dries up. But the
wells remain full of sweet, fresh water. The crops grow well,
and the farm animals never need much tending, The lands
to the east and west of town are covered with crops and
pastures, and to the south the mountain slopes gently away
until it stops and plummets 5,000 feet. No one is silly
enough to go too close to the edge — it could be dangerous.

The People

Most of the people in Paraiso Vista are literate, but just
about the only book that is ever read is the Bible, and the
stories written by some of Paraiso Vista's more eccentric
citizens, the ones who fancy themselves writers or poets
Julio Lopez — the mayor and constable both, which means
he has too much free time on his hands, as nothing really
needs fixing — has even managed to sell a few of his poems
to magazines and has a heroic fantasy tale that is being
considered by a New York publisher.

The people of Paraiso Vista are not ignorant. That
mistake is too easy to make. They are simply content to live
in peace, working in their fields and toying with their
hobbies. Crazy old Piedro Cortez even putters around with
his truck, the only source of transportation in the town, and
the only way in which medical supplies and the like are
brought into Paraiso Vista, for that matter. Old Piedro is a
strange one; he even has a camera, as if there could be any
need of such a thing in the little town. Piedro has over 400
rolls of film in his house, and not one of them has ever been
developed. But as soon as Julio's book is sold, Piedro has
promised a photo of him for the back cover

Paraiso Vista literally means "Paradise's View." As far

as the people of Paraiso Vista are concerned, there is no
need to know anything more. They are in view of the
heavens, and all is well with their world. Paraiso Vista is
innocent, with less crime than perhaps any town itssize has

ever known,

And that is just as Huitzilopoctli has always kept it:

I know of these things; I know all there is to know
about Mexico City and about Paraiso Vista. They have
been shaped by my will and by my will alone they both
survive. I was there when Huitzilopoctli walked from the
stormy waters and onto the land. I watched as he conquered
and ruled the Aztec Nation. I know so much that is hidden
from the rest of the World of Darkness. For I am
Huitzilopoctli, and I am awake at last. My time has come
again.

The Chaos Factor


Runnin' through these

Caverns of gold

IS ariver of death indeed
Arold hotel serves as &

Shelter for children
Of the street
Drivin' and Cryi

0 City is one of the oldest inhabited sites in all
of North America. The Valle de Anahuac— the Valley of
Mexico
surrounded by mountains in all dir
over 7,000 feet above sea level, with the mountains that
surround it rising anywhere between 10,000 feet to levelsas
highas 17,000 feet. For roughly 20,000 years this valley has
been inhabited by native tribes, originally in smaller groups,

isa plain extending just under 600 square miles,

tions. The valley rises

and later in actual towns.

Weather

Mex ,000,000 hu-
with an average of 250 people per square mile. The
population and the geological location in a valley have led
tohideous pollution problems. The average temperature in
Mexico City varies little throughout the year. During the
winter months, the average temperature is 68 degrees
Fahrenheit; the winter months are desperate times for

co City proper is home to over 2
man:

some, as the heavy air often builds into a thick fog laden
with carbon monoxide and other pollutants. The very old
and the very young suffer more than most from the poison-

ousgases. In the summer the temperature rises to an average
TBadegrees Fahrenheit. The humidity in Mexico City varies

Lay of the Land

"Honeysuckle Blue"

substantially; the dry season runs from November to April,
with only four to ten inches of rain per month. The rainy
season covers the rest of the year, and delivers between 17
and 30 inches of rain per month. Some of the older sections
of the city are briefly flooded on a daily basis during the
rainy season.

Traveling into Mexico City

Over 400 flights come into Mexico City every week
from the U.S. alone. At least a dozen more inbound flights
Europe during the same span of time. The
Benito Juarez International Airport handles them all with
little difficulty. Virtually every train that runs through
Mexico stops in Mexico City. The conditions are more
awkward and time consuming this way, but less likely to
catch the attention of the Sabbat's sentinels. The main
roads into Mexico City are well kept and, like the railroads,

come from

spread in every direction from the nation's capital

Garou have been known to work in hunting parties
around the roads leading into Mexico City; any Kindred
found entering the city by car or bus is likely to die before
reaching her destination.

Chapter One: History and Geography

The City Itself

Mexico City is divided into several sub-
sections, though in recent years these
divisions have blurred as the city continues
to grow in size. As with many cities the world
around, the most congested areas are in the
very heart of the city. Many of the districts
were once separate towns or suburbs, but
have now become simply another part of the
whole, Many mergers have occurred during
the last 50 years.

Most of the worst corruption in Mexico City has taken
place in the southern and eastern sections, the sections
most heavily influenced by the Underbelly of the Wyrm.
However, the western sections also suffer from the Wyrm's
influence, particularly in Villa Alvaro Obregon, Tlalpan
and Coyoacan

The North

Santa Maria Ticoman and

Ixtacala

(San-TA Ma-RE-a TEE-co-man; EKS-Ta-Ka-La)

Both of these small towns have been swallowed by
Mexico City. These areas are far less corrupted than most
parts of the city, due in part to the influence of the Celestial
Chorus. Santa Maria Ticoman is best known for the Shrine
of the Virgin of Guadalupe. The Tonantzin — "Our Little
Mother" — was once tolerated by Huitzilopoctli, as goddess
to the Aztecs. But after the Conquistadors came and con-
quered the area, her influence grew almost intolerable.

The original temple to Tonantzin was destroyed by the
Spaniards, reviled as a pagan symbol and scorned by the
Christians. One of the first converts to Catholicism, a man
named Juan Diego, was the first to see the image now called
the Virgin of Guadalupe. According to legend, she de-
manded that a church be built, directly above the ruins of
Tonantzin's temple. As proof of her intent, the Virgin
caused a spontaneous growth of roses on the barren hillside
The Virgin appeared five more times, and finally the
church was buile.

The Virgin of Guadalupe became the patron saint of
the city, causing sudden healing in the sick, and inspiring
the faith of a people without any true leadership. To the
surviving Aztecs, she was (andstill is) the goddess of old. To
the Catholics, she became a sign that they had worked
God's will. To the Celestial Chorus she became a focal
point in the salvation of the people. And to Maria de
Guadalupe, leader of Iteration X in Mexico City, she
became a perfect disguise for manipulating the masses and

28 The Chaos Factor

gleaning information. What actually occurred on Decem-
ber9, 1531 — the date when Juan Diego first saw the vision
— is anyone's guess.

The Shrine of the Virgin of Guadalupe is a powerful
Node, and almost the only one not held by the Technoc-
racy, Like the Latin Cross Cathedral and the Jesuit College,
this spot is considered Holy Ground. The Celestial Chorus
still holds power in this area above all others, despite the
best efforts of the Technomancers. The Faith of the area
seems to repulse much of the Technomancers' magick,
although Maria has discovered a way around this. As the
city has grown, enveloping the area, some Technomancers
have come to fear that the Chorus will gain in power. At
this point anything is possible.

Two pyramids also rest in this area; both are minorand
have no direct correlation to Huitzilopoctli. And that is
justas the Celestial Chorus wants it. The Underbelly of the
Wyrm does not lie under this part of the city.

The Technocracy's battle for dominance in this area
takes the form of the National Polytechnics Institute, the
stronghold of Iteration X. The Institute is the least cor-
rupted of all the Technocracy's Nodes in Mexico City.
Iteration X tends to stay more in this area than in the main
part of the city.

Northeast

Gustavo A. Madero

(GOO-Sta-Vo Eh Ma-DEH-Rro)

Despite its close proximity to Santa Maria Ticoman,
this area is heavily under the influence of the Wyrm. At
least two passageways into the Underbelly can be found
here. The only area of note within the district is the Lake
of San Juan de Aragon. This lake produces waters that are
surprisingly clearand sweet, and are rumored to remove the
Wyrm's influence from a person, provided that the proper
rituals are performed.

Benito Juarez International
Airport

(Ben-EE-To HU-Ar-ez)

The airport in Mexico City is large enough to accom-
modate over 600 flights per week. The airport is watched by
literally every faction of the supernatural society in the city,
and is guarded by Iteration X. The police on gi
all very well trained and prepared to deal with almost any
ctisis. Anyone using the airport as a means of entering the
city would do well tobe on guard, especially since the police
can and will stop anyone caught carrying firearms.

ard here are


Iteration X does not reali Sabbat has guards
here as well. The only safe Kindred in the airport are the
ones who know the right gestures. Pentex employees are
neverstopped for any reason, and the amount of money that
Pentex pays to assure this privilege is staggering. Garou
would do well to stay away from the airport; virtually all the
police are trained to shoot first and ask questions later. The
Delirium still works on some of the guards, but many of the
armed personnel have been treated to protect them from
the worst effects of seeit

a Garou in Crinos form.

Lake Tezcoco

(Tez-KO-KO)

The waters of Tezcoco run deeper than anyone could
hope to understand. Here is where the first great city of the
Aztecs stood, where the temples and marketplaces once
held domain. Here is the very seat of Pandemonium's
power.

Pandemonium rests beneath the ground, growing in
power and adding to the pollution that the lake endures.
The waters are oft as a bathing
place, and as a source of water. Thanks to Pandemonium's
influence, the entire lake and the surrounding areas swarm
with Oasis Banes. These secret Banes offer false security and
then corrupt all but the strongest. The Garou stay far away
from this area, as Nexus Crawlers have come from the
water's depths upon occasion

n used by the homele:

PACIFIC
OCEAN

MEXICO

Map by Oran hone
tinal ag aby Monta gh Mage TM)
opyeatt 1288 gta Wacom,

A miniature version of Tenochtitlan floats in the lake,
reflecting the glory of theancientcity. The scale model has
strange effects on observers; for a few, it causes powerful
visions of the past. For most, itevokesa deep feeling of loss,
while the very image of the ancient city plants the seeds of
the Wyrm's corruption in others. Several attempts have
been made to destroy the model, only to have the shattered
ruins replaced as ifnothing ever occurred. Most of the more
sensitive Awakened in Mexico city stay far away from the

powerful icon.

Northwest

Tlanepantla

(Tla-Ne-PANT-La)

Tlanepantla is one of the wealthier areas of Mexico
City, and a place of prime interest to Toreador antiribu,
primarily because of the Capitalinos. Los Capitalinos liter-
ally means "the people who live in the capital." Tlanepantla
is actually a part of the federal state of Mexico that has
simply been consumed by Mexico City. The area is still

fairly clean and does not suffer as heavily from overpopu-
lation. The artists among the Sabbat prefer the area as one
of the better places to sell their works, both legal and
illegal. Most of the humans in the area are exceedingly
wealthy in comparison to the rest of the city. Like many of
the smaller districts, Tlanepantla is officially under a part
of the federal state of Mexico, not actually recognized as a
section of Mexico City.

GULF OF
MEXICO.

ee EL SALVADOF


The Southeast

Ixtacalco

(EEKS-Ta-Kal-Co)

Ixtacalco is a desolate place, filled with the people who
can find no homes or employment. The Wyrm is strong here,
as is the industrialization caused by Pentex. The area is
virtually one enormous Blight in the Umbra, and those that
stay here normally fall to the W'yrm's influence faster than in
other regions. The Sabbat have long chosen this area as prime
feeding ground, and often pick their newest recruits from its
human population.

Inmany places, large heaps of refuse have become shelter
for people with no hope and too much pride or desperation to
return to their distant villages. Visiting Euthanatos are known
tofrequent the area, asare the Samedi; what betterplace tokill
than in a place where most of the humans have surrendered
themselves to non-existence? Crime in Ixtacalco is rampant,
and a few small clusters have even begun murdering their
weakerneighbors with no real motive, unconsciously working
the will of Huitzilopoctli.

Iztapalapa

(EEZ-Ta-Pal-A-Pa)

Ietapalapa suffers from the pollution and corruption of
Mexico City as few of the other districts do. The entire area is
grossly overpopulated and generally ignored by the humans in
charge. The Reclusorio Oriente Penetentiary is the only true

Tlateloleo
(Mla Tel-OLKO)

Tlatelolco was th
as did the later sacrifi

e religious capital of the
me ices Of so many innocents:
e Franciscans buile their first church i

as much of the fabulous art and the profane
the area, ti

later became'a place for those wi
massacre between the Spanish and

Axtec Entipire:The maj

in Tlatelolco; but only after the In
ne sacrificial areas as they could. Wrai
ns of the city. All the while; Huiteil

ity. The place wheré one

claim to fame in this area, and holds several times the number
of prisoners it was designed to contain.

While many of the prisoners are guilty of heinous crimes,
there are also a good number of political prisoners and people
arrested on a whim. For the right price, anyone will be
incarcerated and locked away in the prison, regardless of any
wrongdoing. The Bone Gnawers often speak of Garou who
have been captured and vivisectioned in the Reclusorio. One
story, a tale told of a Gee of Fenris pup, is known truth. The
Bone Gnawers have leamed from the mistakes of others and
do their best to avoid being seen by the wrong people. Sadly,
the persecutors of Gaia's Chosen are everywhere in the city.
Given a choice, most Garou would prefer the Underbelly to
the tortures reputed to exist in Iztapalapa.

The West

Zona Rosa

(ZO-Na RRO-Za)

ZonaRosa is the very height of extravagance in Mexico
City, adistrict ofelegant restaurants, numerous art galler
and fine restaurants. Since the time of the Mexican Rev:
lution, the street has catered to wealthy visitors from all
nations. Many of the shops are owned and operated by
people from other countries. France, Great Britain, Swit-
zerland and Italy are all well represented in the shops, as is
the United States.

The Zona Rosa District is safe from trouble during
most times, but during the Days of the Dead, anything goes.
Most of the shops are only open until 6:00 PM orso, though
there are a few exceptions.

otiey Of sacrifices to the Aztec gods took place here

quisition-had ravaged the area

destroyi
ths, attracted to the pain ar

and sufferi
lopoctli slept beneath themall.

the new colonial leaders. The bloodiest
and-feeding Huitzilopoctli

were relocated here, foreed

and now over 80,000 humans make the district

rifices even today.
oe

> a


Zag MEXICO
: CITY

LOCATION KEY

4. The Shrine of the
Virgin of Guadeloupe
2. National Poly-
technics Institute

8, Tlatelolco

4.Zona Rosa
5. Chapultepac Park

6. Monumento a los
Ninos Heroes
7. The Castillo

8. Olympic Sports
Center
9. El Toreo Bull Ring

40. Department of
Defense

11. National School of
Musi

12. Presidential
Residence

19. Museum of Natural
History

14, National Medical
Center


The Inquisition

rea is the Latin Cross

andmark in the

ignificant | ss
poste ss .o the Inquisition s 51

=
ie Continent and home to the Inaiis
2 ina, belongs tothe! :
age in the Sagrario, 2 hee ee i
: Volumes of information about the Kis

building. Once they
reath the foundation of tHeDUTSTE cag

Sagrario sl 1
into the ground, as the Sagi ee

| Inquisitors hav 2 ee

jme,theysecru
iene eo ave tried to infilerate the!

unaware of
gies

e. Fromtime tot
ee While the Sabbat har

The Technocracy and the hunters are
as "witches" anyway: centrate their ene
cl

They con
Mexico, loathes the hunters but one a es
place. Such is the power

of hope ani

Villa Alvaro Obregon
(VEE-Ya Al-Va-RRo O-Bre-Gon),

The Villa Alvaro Obregon and the districts that sur-
round it comprise one of the majorspots of political activity
in Mexico City, primarily because they are so well known
to tourists. The Chapultepec Forest Park is in this area, and
is a central location for most of the museums in Mexico
City.

Chapultepec Park

(Chop-OOL-Tep-Ek)

Chapultepec Park covers 260 square miles near the
heart of Mexico City. The vast majority of the park is
officially open to the public during daylight hours and
unofficially open well into the night. As with most of the
city, walking here after the sun has set is a good way to meet
with the city's predators, human and supernatural alike.

Monumento alos Ninos Heroes
- The Monument to the Young
Heroes

The Monument is constructed of white marble pillars
topped by bronze eagles, and is the official entry point into
Chapultepec. Due to increased tourism revenue, the Sabbat
have agreed not to cause any harm to visitors around the
main entrance. Once past the Monument, however, every-
one is fair game. A few of the Camarilla Kindred have come
here in the past to discuss business with the Sabbat's
leaders. Most had the sense to stay at the park's entrance
and then leave the city as quickly as they could. The foolish
ones entered the park proper and were never seen again.

32 The Chaos Factor

Mexico City. A\
tch-hunters Wor
tors do notknow o}
the cathedral, are the se
‘of North America lay conc
ly reached, but the ye

mall forces in

‘A dozen strong Wil
gh the Inquis!
the right of
Awakened
were easil
he dried lake bed
s of 5 or betters
faithful, but the bel
local Inquisition wl"
each other; few Inquisit
‘on the vampires i

‘do little about them: For

in Mexico

Cathedral, one of
n islan'
‘k from ee
colina's pe
e .crets held by the Inquisition.
in the hardened dirt
ced deeper
eld the land at bay-
jongas they
fren found
ful.

nolic buildings on

‘rue Faith guards
them,

where Tezcoco once he oy
his has allowed them to survive as
et .e" hunters is OF

"part-tim

, they have
ee auld recognize Technomancer
LM Galbraith, the Cardinal o

nda
instead, Metis other arrives to cake bis

ach hunter she has killed,

The Castillo
(Kas-TEE-Yo)
Overlooking the main entrance to the park, the Castillo
(castle) was built in 1784 under the orders of Bernando de

Galvez, Viceroy of the area, for use by the Viceroys as the
leaders of Mexico City. Financial difficulties kept the
Castillo uninhabited from the beginning. Uninhabited by
humans, that is...

For 100 years the Castillo was used as a Haven for
visiting Sabbat Kindred, a practice that came to an end as
soon as the Technocracy became aware of it. In 1841,
Iteration X had the castle converted into a military acad-
emy. The defense of the academy and, coincidentally the
defense of Iteration X, led to the deaths of six cadets during
the Mexican-American War. The Monument of the Young
Heroes honors their sacrifice. Despite its history, including
a brief stint as the official seat of power for Mexico, the
Castillo is now of little importance to the supernaturals
These days it is a historical museum.

A 200 and botanical garden in the area, as well as an
amusement park, have ensured that there is something for
everyone who comes to visit Mexico City. Throughout the
daylight hours, and often far into the night, peddlers walk
through slow moving traffic selling plastic toys, food, and
handmade clothing. Street musicians are a regular item in the
area, and natives from the Otomi and Mazahua Indian tribes
often come into the town to sell their wares. The natives also
bring information back to their homes, information used by
the Uktena Garou to keep abreast of the situation in Mexico
City.

Most of Mexico City's wealthy live in this region, sur-
rounding their houses with tall stone walls in an attempt to
keep their privacy. The families that live in the area often do


States, and send their children
toattend universities in the U.S. as well. Most have long since

their shopping in the Unite

their money into American banks, fearin
value. The privile
removed from the rest of Mexico City as their money will

mov

decline of the Mexican pe

permit.
The Mexican Olympic Sports Center is also located in
the area,

most popular site for bullfights in the city. Several military

along with the El Toreo Bull Ring, the largest and

are sequestered nearby, and the Department of Defense

fo
of Music. Los Pinos — the Presidential Residence, the Mu-
seumofN; N
all located in the area as well. While not actually a part of
pultepec Park, most of the important government build-
ig Los Pinos, are at the border of the cleanest part

fexico sits within a stone's throw of the National School

tural History, and onal Medical Center are

University of Mexico, the true home of the Tech-
nocracy in the city,
tourist trap as Washington D.C.'s fines

also present. This section is as much a

areas. Most of the
Technocracy's operations run in this area, and the $
leadershold their meetingshere. The Underbelly ofthe Wyrm
completely covers the ground beneath Villa Alvaro Obregon.
Almost any decision that must be made for any faction of the
humans is made here. The same can be said about the
inthe city, political back-stabbing is an art form. No one who
enters the a

The Zocalo

ZO-Ka-Lo)

The very heart of Mexico City is called the Zocalo.
The people of Mexico believe that the greatest archaeo-
logical find of all time rests here: the Great Temple of
Tenochtitlan. Over 6,000 artifacts and several buildings
were found and excavated in 1978. Among them isa relief
of Coyolxauhqui (one of the
Huitilopoctli) and the Tzompantli — an altar made of
stone skulls. Many tributes from other tribes long believed
destroyed by the Europeans and the Aztecs alike were found
hereas well. While all of the artifacts are real, the build
dup!
Underbelly of the Wyrm (see the description below)

bbat

ed and the Kindred. He ore than anywhere else

ea is safe from tight scrutiny by all factions.

(z

goddesses destroyed by

s created by the Sepulchre and their followers in the

Among the numerous relics are several fetishes and items
ofpower, all held in secure cases and watched diligently by the
Technocracy's forces. The Great Stone of Coyolxauhqui,
along with the smaller one found by during the excavation,
have both beer
Huivilopoctl's di

preserved and held in museums, much to

pleasure. Some believe the Great Stone

and its smaller counte , but none

knowhow em. C

hold substantial pow

c name for

use t

yyolxauhquitwas thi
luna, and the Bone Gnawers believe that the monolithic

stones hold ¢! to destroying the Wyrm's influence in
Mexico Ci

purpose, H

ry. Noone can say forcertain. Whatever the stones'

lopoctli does not like them


Near the site of the excavations, the Museum for the
Beheaded was built to house the treasures found during the
digs, The museum is dedicated to every aspect of Aztec
mythologyand history, from the firstdaysbefore Huitzilopoctli's

arrived.

appearance to the final days when Corte:

Other prominent buildings in the area include the Na-
tional Palace, the official home ofthe President of Mexico; the
museum of Mexico Citys the Hospital de Jesus Nazareno, built
onthe very spot where Cortes first met with Motecuzoma, and
the final resting place of Cortes; the Ministry of Education and
the Jesuit College of San Ildefonso. The Sabbat watch overthe
Jesuit College very carefully, wrongly believing that the Soci-
ety of Leopold uses the building for a stronghold. The powers
of Faith invested in the Holy Ground prevent them from
discovering the truth.

The National Oniversity

The majority of the Universidad Nacional Autonomade

Mexico's buildings were built specifically to hold the massive
school from 1950-1955. The university is almost a separate
city in itself, with over 100 buildings ranging from the 10-story
Library to the 15-story Chancellery Building, Private grocery
stores and bars that cater almost exclusively to the 300,000
studentsand teachers cover the grounds, existing between the
larger building of advanced learning.

The Institute of Cosmic Ray Research is the primary
meeting place for Technocracy symposiums in Mexico City.
With the exception of Iteration X, all of the Technocracy's
forces in Mexico hold their seats of power in the University
City. The Umbrahere isastrange blend of Weaverand Wyrm,
seen by the Technocracy as a sterile environment in which to
perform theirexperiments. Visiting Membersofthe Technoc-
racy would be appalled at the twisted working conditions
within the Constructsof the Mexican Technomancers,ifthey

were permitted to see them.

Many of the poorer citizens have been forced from their
homes to make way for new buildings as the University
expands. Growth here has been cancerous; the university was
originally designed to hold only 26,000 students, and now
holds 12 times that number. To the Technocracy's way of
thinking, no harm is done, as longas more of the Sleepers are
Awakened to the proper ways of thinking.

Despite the best efforts of the Mexican government, the
homeless and hopeless are often drawn to the area. Al
attempts to drive them away and to keep the area clean and
pristine have failed. Among these homeless drifters, the Bone
Gnawers of the Sweet Water Sept listen and learn as much as
they can of the Sabbat and the Technocracy.

34 The Chaos Factor

Outside the City

Xochimilco

(ZO-Kee-Nil-KO)

Xochimilco is best known for its floating gardens and
canals. Xochimilco is not truly a part of Mexico City, and is
almost untouched by the Wyrm. One area in Xochimilco isa
Glade, an uncorrupted place. The local Balam, or were-
jaguars, keep it that way.

ily that the area is ripe fora
caer, but no one daresto open one for fear ofthe Balam orthe
mages. In 1890, a large pack of Get of Fenris decided that
enough was enough and attempted to create a caer in the

Many Garou have noted s

area. No one is certain what happened to them, but they were
never seen again. The Balam claim never to have seen the
Get.

The Balam will not get involvedin the warfordominance
in Mexico City, and are seldom seen outside of Xochimileo.
The Balam hold domain in the area and, despite the best
attempts of the Sepulcher, few fomori or Banes have survived
the area for long

Teotihuacan

(TE-O-Tee-Who-Ah-Khan)

Teotihuacdn is actually to the north of modern day
Mexico City, but deserves brief mention because of the
cavated Aztec temples and pyramids preserved for all tosee.
These excavations are nota part of the Underbelly and donot
radiate with Huitzi
travel from Mexico City, the Dreamspeaker mages and
the Uktena Garou still hold their regular meetings.

e

lopoctli's influence. Here, not more than a

Here as nowhere else, the beautiful aspects of the A
Empire canstill be seen and appreciated. In Teotihuacén, the
past is remembered not for the savagery of conquest and the

devastation caused by a ruthl
Quetzalcoat! tried to achieve before going on his journey. The
Dreamspeakers and Uktena seldom frequent Mexico City,
normally only coming into the nest of Wyrms when the time
for the Rites of the Dead have come around again.

Popocatepetl
(PO-PO-Ka-Teh-Petl)

army, but for the peace that

Smoking Mountain and

Iztaccihuatl
(EEZ-Tok-KEE-WHO-Atl) — White Lady
The two volcanoes that stand near Mexico City have
remained dormant since 1802. Most people in Mexico City
expect them to stay that way. A few of the Awakened have

suspicions that the Smoking Mountain is a haven for the
Marauders, but no one has bothered to confirm the suspi-
cion. The lack of interest may yet prove a fatal mistake. The
Balam often pay visits to the White Lady, but refuse to

discuss their reasons.


Beneath the City

The Onderbelly of the Wyrm

You give me reason
You give me control
I gave you purity
My purity you stole
— Nine Inch Nails,

The ground beneath the group's feet was

sticky in some places; in others it was slick
enough to make them slide into each other. The
tunnel curved sinuously around bends that hid
everything ahead of them from view. Nothing could have hidden
the smell — the air was thick with the stench of death. Each
searcher imagined what lay ahead in the darkness: Grimm

thought of his parents' bodies putrefying in the living room,
waiting with bloated smiles and jellied eyes, just as he'd found
them when he returned from his summer camp so long ago. He
tried to stop the images, but they forced themselves across his
nind's eye, showing him dried black blood on his father's hands
and the maggots that crawled from his mother's lefe ea

Beside him, one of the Garou snarled deep in her throat, a
faint nervous rumble that sounded too much like Grimm's own

false bravado. They rounded the last bend, and the darkness
f

opened up to them, revealingall che secrets of hell anda few more
sights they never expected.

The Underbelly is perhaps one the most corrupt places
on Earth. The residual sewage from centuries of Shaitan's
domination and unspeakable human misery has collected
in the rains of old Mexico, deep beneath the modern city's
streets. This degraded manifestation has summoned a horde
of the foulest Awakened imaginable
nation Black Spiral Dancer hive, Nephandi Labyrinth and
Nosferatu antitribu w

The result is a combi-

en,

The dark Awakened have banded together into a
collective under the leadership of the Sepulchre. By all
reason, this grotesque amalgam should not work. Unfortu-
nately, the Sepulchre and Underbelly of the Wyrm not
only work, they prosper

Caern: The understructure of Mexico City and the
true ruins of Tenochtitlan and Tlatelolco.

Level: 5

Gauntlet: 2

Type: Organism/Angst

Tribal Structure: Unique

Toter
accepts and

Geograph
below Mexico City, and below the fa

and Tlatelolco.
tained by the Nephandi mages with whom the Black Spiral

The Hydra— The Underbelly of the Wyrm
aces all forms of the Wyrm.

The Underbelly of the Wyrm is located
e ruins of Tenochtitlan

mb

‘alse ruins have been created and main-

Dancers consort

Bawn: The makeup of the Underbelly is the false ruins
of Tlatelolco and Tenochtitlan. Anything not of the
Wyrm that comes below this point will be destroyed by the
epulchre.

powers of thi

Center: The center of the caern lies in the true
cri-

pyramid of Huitzilopoctli. The enormous numbers of
fices made here in the past have generated a powerful focal
point for the Wyrm. The entire Hive has been moved by
powerful Rites and by the magick of the Nephandi — the
Hive is actually 5, 000 feet below the deepestsections of the
false Tenochtitlan

Landmarks: The whole of the Wyrm's Und
gigantic landmark, provided a person can ever find it
However, at the very center of the largest pyramid, a wetly
glistening black entity grows; its body pulses and moves, a
cancerous growth that began expanding at an accelerated
rate in recent years. This polypous mass is called the
Pandemonium

The Nephandi Caul, the place of "rebirth," resides
within the Pandemonium, This living entity filtersa mag
Avatar through its corruption, "flipping" the Avatar until

belly isa

ag

pay

aoa

en ony acy |

aoa ye? 23g 30g

Giss ool Bos Io:
33 (woot

(sft =)

El tetenne

Huitzilopoct

all goodness has been converted to a like amount of evil.
The Black Spirals have a similar way of converting their
captives — the madness-inducing Black Spiral. The Un-
derbelly has a direct route, a calumn, to Malfeas, the Realm
of the Wyrm. In Malfeas, the Black Spiral awaits. Captured
Garou are often forced to dance the Spiral until they too
become the mad werewolves named in the Spiral's honor.

The Warren of the Nosferatu is not in the Pandemo-
ic lump to "play" around

nium, but many explore the org:
the Caul. Aside from a darkening of their warty hides, the

Nosferatu that try Dancing the Spiral or being Rejuvenated

in the Caul seem no worse for we
A substantial colony of Vhujunka coexists with the

other horrors of the
between them in the past, but those times are over for now.
The city of these strange creatures exists both in the Umbra

pulchre. There have been battles

and the material world.

Umbrascape/Horizon Realm: It just doesn't get any
worse. The Umbrascape seethes with Banes of all types,
thriving on the toxic waste and misery from above. The
area is pitch black, illuminated only by sickly green lichen
that rise to heights of 300 feet, and deep pools of Wyrmseed
boil in what was once a part of Lake Tezcoco. Malignant
things move in those waters, some flopping about, and
others moving with unsettling grace; no one who is not of
the Wyrm has seen them clearly and lived. Among the
obscenities are guardians of the Nephandi, creatures only
partially created by them. Aquatic forms of thunderwyrms,

Se pe o0

eB ocooo GD
oo oa: a
Geo foe oe
7
jf peo eon oe
pow gee orm

o ne co8 Geo


Wakshaa and H'rugg The ex-

are among them as well
tremely toxic environment of the Umbrascape has no

apparent affect on the Nephandi

Nodes:
use their Hive as a Node in return for favors. Additionally,
the Labyrinth has found

The Black Spiral Dancers allow the mages to

that the pools surrounding the
Pandemonium, where their 5
amounts of Tass. The supply is seemingly

limitless, but the writhing forms that move beneath the

et monstrosities exist, con-

tain enormot

glowing waters take great offense if more than 20 points of
Tass are removed in a day

The bloated things that slither through the brackish
water are often visited by the Nosferatu; the anticribu
Kindred have taken to gorging themselves on the blood of
the homeless, often killing their victims in the process, and
then spilling generous amounts of their own Vitae into the
murky luminescence of the waters. Whatever lives in the
depths has b

1 growing substantially since this practice

vas begun
also work as Nodes; these have been linked directly to the
Caul inside Huitzilopoctli's pyramid and draw together the

en of the pyramids located in the Underbelly

lifeforce of the wretched millions living above. The Caul
of the Nephandi and the Black Spiral occupy the same
space in both the Umbr:

Histor

late 1500s and has been growing at a cancerous rate ever

and the material world.

: The great Underbelly was built during the

since. The Sabbat drove all Garou from their city during
the last 20 years of the 15th century, forcing the Black
Spiral Dancers underground. Technocracy forces never
noticed any signs of the Nephandi in the City, and would
The Nephandi, like
the Black Spiral Dancers, had been there all along, but it
was not until the Wyrm's Garou were driven beneath the
ground that they came to see each other as potential allies

surely have destroyed them on sight

Byersince the Underbelly's minions joined forces some 473
Years ago, the influence of these beings has intensified
ave come to live in a unique

Over the centuries they

harmony, adding Nosferatu antitribuand the Malfean wraiths
totheirnumbersandallying themselves with the Vhujunka
These rejects from the surface world share a special

camaraderie, an unsettling companionship that is closer to

family than most of the supernaturals could hope to under
stand. Above, they are rivals in their way, but in the
Underbelly, all are accepted as equals. The hopes and

desires of the Underbelly's minions are expressed openly,
and all work together to ensure that all are content
When mortals planned in the late 1970s to expand the
sewers above the Underbelly to new depths, the Nephandi
andthe Black Spiral Dancers joined together to Co-Locate
the entire infrastructure 5000 feet lower than it «
The Nephandi's maj

ginally

k was powerful, and the Gnosis

freely given by the Dancers assured their success. Several of
the minions died in the successful attempt, but they have
since been replaced. The Pandemonium is still in the First
The Wraiths of the

Season, the Spring of its existence

SY Grob eek,


Underbelly see their living counterparts as equals only
because both parties serve the Wyrm. Should any grow
weak or hesitant, the wraiths descend on them viciously,
delivering them to their final reward.

Politics: The Hive,
as time has passed. A few of the most corrupt individuals
work together, joining the Awakened, Garou and Kindred
ina community that simply should not work, but does just
the same. The temperament of the various groups is ex-
tremely violent, yet they work together well — too well,

some would say, for the alliance to be completely natural.

Labyrinthand Warren have merged

The most powerful members of each subsection of the

belly meet once a month to discuss maintenance and
substantial Labyrinth/Hive/War-
ren. They almost always come up with something new and
s,and they almost
leaders of the entire

Under

expansion of the already

deadly to use against their mutual enem

never argue amongst themselves. The

affair are referred to as the Sepulchre. Over the centuries
they have become trusted allies, if not friends, to one
another. As time has passed, they have come to know each

other as fellow soldiers in the battle for corruption.

And all that occurs in the Pandemonium, the Under-
belly of the Wyrm, follows the plans of Huitzilopoctli.

Beyond the City:
Paraiso Vista & the Dragon's Lair

Of the good in you T can speak, but not of
Bi the evil

For what is evil bue good tortured by its own
AM huenger and thirst?

Verily when good is hungry it seeks food
even in dark caves, and when it thirsts it drinks
even from dead waters

— Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

Some 80 miles north of Mexico City,

Paraiso Vista rests in idyllic seclusion. There is little to see,

larger houses used by the

save for farm houses and a few
town for communal meetings and as the mayor's offices. A
long dirt road leads away from Paraiso Vista, down towards
the areas where the rest of the world slowly rots in the
Wyrm's corruption.

The town issituated onasheercliff, one that plummets
downward into the valley below on the south side of the
mountain. Towards the north a small stream, Diaz Tears,
runs past the town, filling the small lake with fresh water.
On both the eastern and westem slopes, blocked off by the
mountain and sturdy wooden fences, pastures and crop
fields grow in harmony.

In the mountain's face, to the north of town where the

river runs, an oddly shaped hillock is all that can be seen of
Huitzilopoctli's Haven. The Haven was carved into the
mountain over 500 years ago, and since the
entrance has been completely covered by dirt and foliage
Beneath the grass and plant life, a massive stone head
shaped much like a dragon from distant Eastern legends —
lies hidden from human eyes. No vampiric Discipline or
Garou Gift has ever detected the area, and none of the
that rests beneath a

the one

Awakened are familiar with the pow
few hundred feet of ground. Huitzilopoctli's power is sub-

38 The Chaos Factor

stantial, and no one has reason to believe the god of war has
ever been near the town of Paraiso Vista:

But he has, and he has made the town his own. The
ground is soft, and the stream that runs down from the
mountain hides the mouth of the Dragon's Lair. Behind the
stream a small doorway is hidden by the granite rocks
carefully placed before the entrance. This barrier is the only

physical entrance into Huitzilopoctli's Haven. No one has

opened the entrance since the Aztec war god sealed himself
there over 300 years ago.

Three chambers exist beyond the barrier that hides the
lair, The first is filled with the bodies of Huitzilopoctli's
victims, four of his own Get consumed over the years. They
were all guilty of showing compassion, and were destroyed
for it. Aside from the powdery remains, there is nothing to
see save the stone door that leads into Huitzilopoctli's
Antechamber.

In the Antechamber, a corroded bronze statue rests
against one wall. This statue resembles a human face,
distorted by anger and sporting a mouth filled with silver
teeth. The mouth contains four hearts, all amazingly well
preserved; the hearts of Huitzilopoctli's compassionate
Childer.

In the last room, astone altar fully 15 feet in length and
seven feet in height takes almost all of the room available,
There is also room for a small pool of water that trickles
down to flow into a dark crack in the ground. From there,
it runs beneath the ground to rejoin Diaz Tears. The water
lopoctli has shared
Altar holds
exactly three items: two large iron daggers forged long

is tinged red from the blood that Huitzi

with Paraiso Vista over the centuries. The

before Babylon fell, and the conscious form of Huitzilopoctli,



Chapter Two
Denizens of

Mexico City

That was the souls'

Like silent silver ore they wander

Through its dark like veins
Rainer Maria Rilk

Mexico City is filled to bursting with
strange threats and helpful Awakened. The
characters in this chapter are merely a small
sample of the dozens of supernaturals dark-

S

ace

ening Mexico City's haunted streets.
B prohibits a full and detailed listing of all
denizens of the city, but Storytellers should
feel free to make up or change whatever
characters they wish to appear.

Many of these supernaturals may have objects of power
— Talismans, Fetishes and such. Many of the objects
described in these listings have some significance to the
"Chaos Factor" storyline. Minor objects are not listed. For
simplicity, Storytellers are advised to avoid burdening their
charact

s (and themselyes) with endless lists of "treasure
types." Instead, use discretion and treat such items as plot
devices. If your players need a Talisman or two to ensure

their survival, give them one in the hands of an opponent

— one they can overcome if they use their wits.

strange mine.

‘Orpheus, Eurydice, Herme

New Terms

Some Mage players will be unfamiliar with Vampire
and Werewolf game terminology. The following explana
tions will save a Storyteller endless headaches. Veteran
White Wolf Storytellers may ignore this section. For more

details, see Appendix Two.

Vampire

Sire:

The vampire who Embraced this character.
Generation: The relative power ofa vampire, based on
the purity of lineage to Caine, the original Kindred

Embrace: The ecstasy/agony of dying and becoming

reborn as a vampire. The date given is the date of the

character's rebirth

general

Virtues: Attributes measuring a Kindre

strength of character. Sabbat have different "values" than
Camatilla vampires, as they embrace theit inhumanity

while the Camerilla seek to retain theirs.


Disciplines: The semi-magickal powers of the vam-
pire. These powers donot invoke Paradox, but allow Kindred
some degree of paranormal ability within set parameters.
For details, see Vampire: The Masquerade.

Haven: The vampire's safe resting place

Humanity: A measure of the Kindred's remaining ties
to humanity. Sabbat vampires do not have this problem.

Werewolf

Breed: The original species to which the Garou once
"belonged." Homids were raised among normal humans;
Lupus ran with the wolves, literally. Metis Garou are sterile
and deformed offspring of inter-werewolf mating — a
forbidden practice among most Garou.

Auspice: A werwolfs "moon-sign." Garou often take
their roles in society from the phase of the moon under
which they were born.

Tribe: The Garou tribes each practice a particular
mindset and culture. You can tell a fair amount about a
werewolf if you know which tribe he belongs to.

Gifts: Like Disciplines, these spirit-magick powers
sidestep Paradox but only achieve certain fixed effects. The

Levels of these Gifts are given in parentheses.
Rank: The measure of status that a given werewolf has
within her society.

Rage: The primal fury of the Garou; like Quintes-
sence, this Rage may be used for a character's benefit —
fueling extra actions or changing shape. The more Rage a
werewolf has, the worse his temper is.

Gnosis: The innate connection of a werewolf to the
elemental spirit of the Earth. Similar to a mage's Arete,
Gnosis allows the Garou to utilize her Gifts

Rites: Rituals of the Garou; some serve a social pur-
pose, while others harness a complicated sort of ritual
magick.

Format

This chapter presents the characters of the upper and
lower worlds of Mexico City. The relationships between
the various characters can be seen in the charts given
within each section. Mage characters are given first, follwed
by werewolves, vampires, and optional wraiths. These last
are intended for role-playing only. Statistics for wraiths are

not given here.

The supernaturals remain largely ignorant of the other
beings. Few Kindred know, or care, about the Ascension
War. A mage is a mage is a mage. Likewise, most mages
know nothing of the divisions between Sabbat and
Camarilla, or Bone Gnawer and Black Spiral. This igno-
rance leaves blind spots that knowledgeable characters can
exploit if need be.

The Awakened of Mexico City:

These stand for me

Name your god and bleed the freak

I like to see

How you all would bleed for me

— Alice In Chains, "Bleed The Freak"

The Awakened of Mexico City suffer
from corruptive influences beyond their con-
trol. Most of the Technocracy's leaders do
not act as they would if they lived in any
other part of the world. All of the Technomancers suffer
from levels of paranoia and anger that have blinded them
to their own faults, while simultaneously making them see
the faults of their counterparts with perfect clarity. They do
not know whom to trust, and so they trust no one. If not for
the problems they face in dealing with each other, Mexico
City would be a perfect example of the Technocracy's
goals. As it stands, there are too many leaders and not
enough followers.

42 The Chaos Factor

The Technocracy

Beauty is but a vain and doubsful good,
A shining gloss that vadeth suddenly,
A flower that dies when first it gins to bud,
A brittle glass that's broken presently:
A doubsful good, a gloss, a glass, a flower,
Lost, vaded, broken, dead within an hover
— Shakespeare, Passionate Pilgrim #13
The Technocracy owns Mexico City — there are 19
Technomancers working around the city — but the local
mages have been so corrupted by Huitzilopoctli that their
worst traits lie close to the surface, muddling their vision
and tainting their purposes. They are a potent force none-
theless — they can assemble a formidable army if need be
by calling upon outside comrades. Though the laziness and
greed of the Mexican Technocrats is well-known, the true
extent and nature of their corruption remainsa secret toall
within and without the Technocracy.

Montego Diaz — Queztalcoatl

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Director

Essence: Pattern

World Order

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Convention: New

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Ex-
presion 4, Intuition 3, Intimidation 1

Etiquette 4, Leadership 5, Meditation 4, Re-

rvival 3, Computer 5

Knowledges: Cosmology 2, Enigmas 4, Investigation
3, Linguistics 4, Medicine 5, Occult 5, Science 5

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Forces 5, Life 4, Mind 4,
Matter 4, Prime

Backgrounds: Resources 5, Library 5, Destiny 4,
Influence 5, Avatar 4, Node 5

Arete 8, Willpower 7, Quintessence 14, Paradox 5

Background: I have long since learned the errors of
ay ways. believed once that the only way to Ascension
was to be at one with Gaia. I know better now. The only
way to Ascension is to ensure that everyone follows the
Technocracy. There is so much that technology can give,
somuch more than we could ever learn from dreams. Icame
home to Mexico to tell my followers that there
vay for them to live, but they had found anew being to call
agod,a being that they made blood sacrifices to, a being
that they murdered thousands for. They had to be taught a
lesson: no one escapes from their destiny, no one escapes
ffom Ascension. Mexico will be enlightened, even if so
many have to suffer and die for the few who can Awaken.

sonlyone

Image: Diaz looks to be in his late 40°s. He has short
black hairand dark brown skin. His eyes are haunted by too
many years of seeing his people suffer while he tries to make
theirllives better. Normally, he can be found wearing a dark
blue suit and carrying a briefcase. He is never without
several Men in Black at his side.

Roleplaying Notes: You are old and tired, but your
beliefs are strong. You have been a principal mover in the
shaping of Mexico City, and you plan to make certain that
it stays that way. You have immense dossiers on the Kin-
dred, and you work to ensure that they keep their place
without causing too much harm to the unAwakened. The
Black Spiral Dancers must be destroyed, and they would be,
ifonly youknew where they were hiding. Somewhere along
the way, you've come to think of yourself as the real
Quetzalcoatl, forgetting that you merely inhabit his body.

Maria de Guadalupe

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Critic
Essence: Questing
Convention: Iteration X
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
3
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Intuition 4, Sub-
terfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Meditation 3, Re-
search 5, Survival 5

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3,

Knowledges:
Science 5

Spheres: Correspondence 5, Forces 4, Life 3, Mind 4,
Matter 3, Prime 3

‘osmology 3, Enigmas 2, Medicine 4,

Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City 43


Backgrounds: Allies 5, Avatar 3, Chantry 3, Library 4
Arete 6, Willpower 9, Quintessence 15, Paradox 2
Background: Have you looked at the world beyond
the daylight? There are creatures out there that should not
be tolerated, that cannot be allowed to exist. I refuse to
tolerate the vampires. My HIT Marks are ready, and per-
fectly able to remove the thrice-cursed creatures. Already
the remains of 17 bloodsuckers are being processed, cata-
logued and dissected. We estimate that there are some 30
left in the town, but they will be removed. The plans for
industrialization in the Mexico Valley continue, and the
eventual reduction in belief in a false god continues apace.
Soon, the appalling crime rate will be taken care of, but first
arrangements must be made with the Syndicate

It was much easier to convince the populace that I was
a messenger of God than it has been to convince them that
God is dead. Ihave seen the errors that I made in my youth.
Why can't the people of Mexico City see the errors that
they have made?

Image: Maria de Guadalupe isa beautiful woman. Her
hair is perfect, her figure is perfect, and her face is a study
of grace and beauty. All of this is secondary to the anger
that lies just under the surface of her physical perfection. As
longas things continue to fall short of her expectations, she
will always be less than what she appears.

Roleplaying Notes: Nothing bothers you more than a
person with an attitude: attitudes lead to disorder. Speak
clearly and concisely; do not make gestures. You have
strong opinions, but they do not have a place right now.
The time has come to remove the rubbish that lines the
streets of the city, especially the human rubbish. If subor-
dinates talk back to you, crisply remind them that the
streets are filled with people too stupid to mind their
tongues, as are the cemeteries.

Robert Lawson
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: [
Essenci

rector

Pattern

Convention: Syndicate

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 4, Brawl5,
Dodge 4, Expression 4, Intuition 5, Intimidation 5

Knowledges: Etiquette 3, Firearms 5, Leadership 5,
Survival 5

Skills: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 5, Occult 5, Science 4

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 3, Life 4, Mind 3,
Matter 2, Prime 2, Spirit 4

Backgrounds: Resources 5, Library 4, Influence 5,
Avatar 2, Node 5

Arete 6, Willpower 7, Quintessence 17, Paradox: 3

Background: Let's have an understanding. I rule this
city. am this city. To hell with what all of the others say;
this city is under control. Sure, the pollution is heavy; sure,
the population is too big. So who cares? The Sleepers work,
they live, and they die. And in the meantime, they have
uses that so few can see. Where do you think all of the
material for the Constructs comes from? Do you think it
grows on trees? Hell no! It grows on bones, baby, it grows
on human bones. Research and Development, that's the
secret to a good company. R&D needs guinea pigs, and |
provide them. You watch and you wait, soon enough you'll
see what's going down. I gor big plans, and they're just about
ready for the world to see.

Image: Home town scum does well. Robert Lawson is
a nasty-looking punk in clothes that cost more than most
of the people in Mexico City make in a year. His hair is
always perfectly groomed and his teeth have been capped
to make them pearly white. No one who knows Lawson
likes him, but they all listen to him. He is too well con-
nected to ignore.

Roleplaying Notes: You know you're the boss, and you
know you're the best damn thing happening in Mexico
City. The Sleepers are only there to be used as needed, and
the good folks at Pentex are in your pocket. If the other
Conventions give you too much crap, you'll be ready for
them,

Doctor Niles Anderson

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Director
Essence: Questing
Convention: Progenitors
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Expression 3,
Intuition 4, Subterfuge 1

Knowledges: Etiquette 2, Meditation 3, Research 5,
Survival 2

Skills: Cosmology 4, Culture 2, Enigmas 5, Medicine 5,
Occult 5, Science 5
ntropy 4, Forces 3, Life 5, Matter 5, Prime 5,

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Chantry 4, Avatar 5, Library 3

Arete 7, Willpower 8, Quintessence 12, Paradox 7

Background: It's all such amazing stuff. If had more
than 24 hours in a day, I would use each and every one of
them to study the effects of fusing genetic patterns to-
gether. I used to just study the effects of radiation on the
human body, but the work wasn't satisfying; I could never
get the samples until after I had filled out a thousand forms
and waited for a hundred days. They were much more
understanding about the project to build a perfect soldier,
at least until they saw the results. Hey, we all make
nistakes, 'm getting better at itll the time. Just last week
Leteated a fireproof cockroach. I know, I know, what good
isit? Well, t's fireproof. Think about what that could mean
forfiremen! And I've extended the lifespan of the common
house fly o some 3, 000 years. Just imagine the opportunity
to study its offspring and see just how dominant the new
gene is!

Theconsequencesare unimportantjall thatmattersisknowl-
edge thata thing can be done. Why, one of my greatest successes
to date involved taking a young girl and merging her with fast
growing yeast: so far her size has increased by over 4, 000 percent,
and each part that we slice off continues to grow at the same rate,
and toscream just as loudly as the original did. Just imagine what
that kind of applied knowledge can do for world starvation...

Image: Tallandskinny, roomuchhairand.oolitele hygiene.
Anderson is known for wearing t
changingonly ifitisabsolutely necessary. He isneverseen without
a cup of coffee.

Roleplaying Notes: Everyone is unimportant. Nothing
mattersbutyourwork. Youmustunderstandallofthecomplexities
that exist. You must make the Sleepers see that anything at all is
possible. Ifanyone getsin your way, killthem. Afterall, they teonly
meat. Or, try tocapture them alive; there isalwayssuch a shortage
of willing subjects. The special storage facilities you had placed
under the main labs contain the results from your failed experi-
ments. Most of them are still

same clothes for days on end,

Lisa Willonby
Nature: C
Demeanor: Conformist

regiver

Essence: Pattern
Convention: Progentitors, once Orphan
ical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
s 5.

Alertness 3, Intuition 3, Intimidation 1

: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wi
Talent:
Knowledges: Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Meditation 4,

Research 5, Cosmology 3
Skills: Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics 4,

Medicine 3, Occult 5, Science


Spheres: Correspondence 1, Entropy 2, Life 4, Mind 2,
Prime 3

Backgrounds: Mentor 5, Resources 5, Avatar 2, Node 5

Arete 4, Willpower 9, Quintessence 10, Paradox 7

Background: | really don't care much about genetics, but
they fascinate Niles, and as longas they fascinate him, Pll work
with them. Anything to make Niles happy. Niles says I have
potential, and since I joined up with him, he's always happy to
see me. I think that one day we'll get married. I told my friend
Angela what Niles said about my having potential, and she
told me to leave him for another mentor. She said nasty,
horrible things about him. I showed her; now she's a mush-
room and she screams and screams and screams. Anything to
make Niles happy, anything at all.

Image: Lisa isashort, chunky girl withaskin complexion
that strongly resembles pizza. She is always dour and moody,
except when Niles is near.

Roleplaying Notes: Anything to make Niles happy,
anything at all. You want to catch his attention, and some-
times the best way to do that is to bring him new materials for
his experiments. You've been trying very hard to find a good,
healthy werewolf to deliver to him. You know how much he
wants one.

Justin Wadsworth

Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Fanatic

Essence: Questing

Convention: Progenitors

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Expression 3, Intuition 2
Knowledges: Meditation 5, Research 5, Survival 2

Skil
Science 5

Spheres: Life 4, Matter 2, Prime 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Library 4

Arete 4, Willpower 6, Quintessence 7, Paradox 12

Background: Let me tell you something; I don't give a
baboon's brain about the Technocracy. I just care about
getting the perfect body. I only weighed 127 pounds when |
came here. Now look at me! I could wrestle a gorilla and kick
its hairy butt in under five seconds. I am the finest example of
man that exists, and just keep getting finer. I'm outta here in
afew months, and then it's on to the Mister Perfection contest
to make my mark among the body builders. Who needs
steroids and growth hormones when you can rewrite yourown
genetic pattern?

I'm thinking about maybe marketing some of my formu-
las, but I guess I should test how well it works on some more
animals first. Man, you should see the size of that bear I used
this on — he's huge. He's also a little moody, so I keep him
locked up.

Image: Shave a gorilla, oil its body, add blue eyes and
blond hair. Throw in perfect teeth and just for fun, add about
200 pounds of muscle. That's a good start. Justin stands all of
5'7" in height, and isalmost as wide. Even when he is relaxed,
every cord of muscle on his body stands out in perfect relief. His
biceps are as wide as most men's torsos, and his neck is
substantially wider than his head. The only reason he is
allowed to continue working with the Progenitors is that they
carefully monitor his changes. So far, Niles Anderson has
noticed over 700 deviations from the original genetic pattem
of his second lab assistant.

When the boy has finally gone too far, Niles wants to
examine his remains and discover just how it is that someone
so abysmally stupid managed to Awaken

Roleplaying Notes: Nobody's home, but they left the
lights on. You are a narcissistic moron, and you use every
chance you get to flaunt your muscles in front of anyone who
will look.

Tradition Mages

If the world is ruled by demons and monsters, we might as
well give up right now

— Dana Andrews, Curse of the Demon

Few Tradition mages dare this Technocracy stronghold
for any length of time — few outside of the Celestial Chorus,
who have chosen this city as their protectorate. From a dozen
scattered missions throughout the area, ten Chorus mages
work overtime to tend their folks, waiting for reinforcements
that may never come.

The tiny Chantries of Mexico do not access Horizon
Realms — to contruct one in an area of such heavy Techno-
cratic influence would besuicide. And so the mages of Mexico
dwell in poverty with their Sleeper brethren — such are the
wages of Ascension in Mexico.

Cosmology 3, Culture 1, Medicine 3, Occult?2,


Bernardino de Sahagun

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Pattern

Tradition: Celestial Chorus

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Ex-
presion 4, Intuition 3

Knowledges: Etiquette 5, Leadership 3, Meditation 4,
Research 5

Skills: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 4, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 3, Occult 2, Science 3

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 5, Life 4, Mind 2,
Matter 3, Prime 5, Spirit 4, Time 2

Backgrounds: Resources 5, Library 4, Influence 3,
Avatar 5, Node 5

Arete 8, Willpower 10, Quintessence 17, Paradox 3

Background: It was decided that at least a few of the
Chorus should come with the settlers that followed Cortes
into Tenochtitlan. There were many of the Cabal of Pure
Thought already going, and as the need to hide was great,
Iwas elected. The Order of Reason would want to destroy
everything. They almost succeeded in their plans.

Iwas appalled from the first moment I came in contact
with the people; they were so innocent, certainly not the
vile monsters that we had heard about. But there was
something in the city, something that was truly evil.
Whenever I have sought to find it, it hides itself again. I
have been called a great man by the Sleepers, simply
because I took the time to learn the language of the Aztecs
and took the time to make their transition into "proper
society" as painless as possible

Survival 5

I have seen the Sabbat Kindred; I have seen the
demonic Black Spiral Dancers. Were we of the Celestial
Chorus to leave, who would watch over the these poor
souls? I have been here for almost 600 years, I have hidden
myself and changed my body a dozen times — I have
trouble remembering what I once looked like, it has been
so long — most of my life has been spent trying to stop the
foul things from destroying the people I came to love. Lam
losing the fight, but I would die myself if I stopped trying

Image: Sahagun is a pudgy Hispanic man, apparently
in his late fifties... at least for the present time. His eyes are
blue, and filled with remorse for things that might have
been. Sahagun's skin is mottled from too many hours in the
sun, and his features are all buthidden in the wrinkles of his,
skin.

Roleplaying Notes: You are congenial and friendly.
You listen to the confessions of a large portion of Mexico
City's Old Town regularly, and you are filled with grief at
the losses these people suffer. You always wonder if you
could have done more for them. Deep in your heart, you
know you could have if you had not been so very afraid.

Motolina
Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Penitent

Essence: Pattern
Tradition: Celestial Chorus
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Awareness 5, Ex-
pression 3, Intuition 5, Intimidation 4
Knowledges: Etiquette 3, Firearms 5, Leadership 3,
Meditation 4, Melee 5, Research 5, Survival 3

LOWY


Skills: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 5,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Science 4

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 5, Life 4, Mind 4,
Matter 3, Prime 5, Spirit 4, Time 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Chantry 4, Avatar 4, Library 4

Arete 8, Willpower 8, Quintessence 12, Paradox 8

Background: 1 came with Cortes, and with
Quetzalcoatl. I came in the guise of a soldier and fought as
a soldier. I watched the greatest city known to humankind
at that time crumble into nothingness under the onslaught
chnocracy. I hated them all,
wanted to see Cortes die painfully for his hideous actions
against the Aztec peoples. I should have fought against
him, and would have, but for the love of my Helena. I
suffered from the Blood-Bond, addicted to the taste of her
Vitae and the small times she spent with me trying to learn
magick from her pet mage. I hated her with all my soul, yet
could not stop loving her. Something reached out to me
one night, something that shattered the bonds that tied my
very essence. I do not know if I did this myself, or if it was
an outside force, but | am forever grateful. Should Helena
come this way again, I shall move her to the sun with my
magick, regardless of the consequences to myself.

of the Spaniards and the T:

Thave done my best to make amends with the people
Pyewrongeds I have taken vowsof poverty and helped afew
of the more deserving win money at the bull fights. I have
sped the healing process in those who were worthy, and
have even brought death to the foulest of them. [have seen
the signs and know that the end of my life is near if I stay
here. That is just as well; | am ready to die. I am ready to
serve the One in any way Ican. But first, l will find what has
twisted the Technocracy beyond even their own inhuman
levels, and I will destroy the evil that I have sensed since
first I came to Tenochtitlan.

Image: Motolina is stunning woman, one who has yet
to realize the folly of what he/she has done. Motolina has
reshaped his/her body from male to female, and has taken
a youthful form that should long be gone. Motolina is now
the spitting image of Helena, a fact that the Sabbat have
taken poorly. The Sabbat are following carefully, contem-
plating what to do about the human that looks so much like
a Methusalah.

Roleplaying Notes: You are perpetually angry, not at
any one person, but more at the depths to which the city has
fallen. You watch the vampires do as they please, and you
watch the Technocracy. Whenever you can, you go off on
tangents about how foul the Technocracy is, talking to any
who will listen about the evils of the modern era. There is
a strong vein of curiousity that inhibits both Motolina and
Sahagun. Neither can quite understand the other's reasons
for the physical changes they have each manifested. Both
work together well, and are still good friends, but a feeling
of slight mistrust between them has started to grow.

48 The Chaos Factor

Marauders

I'm your litle friend

I'm not your only friend

But I'ma little glowing friend

But really I'm not actuall

But lam

— They Might be Giants, "Birdhouse in your soul"

Mexico's few Marauders circulate freely among the
teeming millions. Even with their pointed eccentricities,
there are simply too many Sleepers around for them to be
noticed easily. Although they keep to themselves for the
most part, they will be quick to eize upon any nearby chaos
asa sign from the Great Forseers that the time of Undoing
is at hand. When that happens, run! These three mad
mages have chosen Samuel Haight as the Bringer of Dis-
cord. He is their champion. Be afraid

ur friend

Raspberry Popart Salad

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Deviant

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Marauder

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Awareness 1, Brawl5,
Dodge 4, Expression 2, Intuition 4, Intimidation 3

Knowledges: Meditation 3, Survival 5

Skills: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 4, Occult 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 4, Life 5, Prime 5,
Spirit 1

Backgrounds: Node 3


Arete 5, Willpower 9, Quintessence 9, Paradox 0

Background: Once upon a time there was a wonderful
land filled with elvesand dragons and oh so many delightful
flowers. Then the bad people came and took it away from
everyone and put garbage and lemon drops in its place. 1
like the first part of the story better, so I'm gonna bring it
back. Now!

Image: Charles Manson ona bad hair day, but replace
the swastika with a smiley face

Roleplaying Notes: Smile! The whole wide world is
your playground, and the teacher just got a five foot spike
driven through her head. Remember, Lois needs you and
yesterday can be tomorrow if you all try hard enough.
Whenever possible, find someone having a bad day and
make it worse. Also, be as blatant as you can. Make the
Technocracy work hard to fix what you do whenever
posible.

Aasdfkljneu Lnec

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Penitent
Essence: Primordial
Tradition: Marauder
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Awareness 5, Expression 3,
Intuition 5, Intimidation 4

Knowledges: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 1,
Meditation 4, Survival 3

Skills: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 5,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 2, Occult 4, Science 2

Spheres Correspondence 5, Mind 4, Prime 3, Time 4

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Library 5

Arete 9, Willpower 8, Quintessence 7, Paradox 0)

Background: Have you ever seen the scream of mush-
room near adark sun in space? have. Have youeverfelt the
songs of the cosmic seesaw teeter-tottering behind you with
blood in their mouths and razors in their eyes? I have

Image: It is possible that larger women exist in the
realms of reality, but one would be hard pressed to prove it.
Icis possible that a more feral expression could be found
somewhere on the planet, butnot likely. On the bright side,
she has lovely hair, and one of the nicest manicures around.

Roleplaying Notes: You are not a happy woman.
Everything you ever knew to be real has been pulled away
from you. Once you loved the world, and in return it
stomped on you until you were broken and bloody in the
gutter. Now you intend to return the favor. Whenever
things get too calm, stir up some trouble. Never keep your
word to anyone save other Marauders. If there is a choice
between helping the Technocracy and helping the Tradi-
tions, help the Traditions, and when the battle is done,
send them to the sun

Pioebock The Mighty
Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Deviant

Essence: Questing

Marauder

rength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
harisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Awareness 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 1, Expression 2, Intuition 1, Intimidation 5

Knowledges: Etiquette 2, Melee 3 Survival 5
Skills:
Occult 1

Cosmology 3, Enigmas 5, Investigation 2,

Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City 49


Spheres Entropy 3, Forces 5, Life 3, Mind 4, Matter 2,
Prime 5, Spirit 3

Backgrounds: None today thank you. Well, okay, but
only one. Avatar 5

Arete 5, Willpower 5, Quintessence 7, Paradox 0

Background: So after my shadow had been stolen by
the evil metal king of Nasty Land, I stalked away in search
of a new friend. I could not find one, but one found me.
"Pioebok? she said. And immediately I replied: "There is
that chance, yes. But I shouldn't be too sure." "Well," she
said, "If you do happen to see the Five Winged
Quasipootuses, I would appreciate your delivering this
granite flavored enema to him as soon as convincingly
possible..."

Image: The man dresses in the Emperor's New Cloth-
ing. He does, however, ride a very nice white Unicorn. Pay
no attention to the feathered serpent behind him, how-
ever; thatalways happens when he comes to this part of the
world.

Roleplaying Notes: You know something they don't,
and you can see how it's tearing them apart not to hear the
words from your own mouth. You don't mind telling them,
but not now and not here. Perhaps another week, on
another planet would be more suited for tea anyway.

Never lose your temper; smile while you're blasting
holes in reality, Sleepers and buildings

The Sweet Water Sept

This here's a jungle

Ain't no lie

Look at the people

Bad business comin'

Can't be denied

— John Fogerty, "Change in the Weather"

In the very heart of Mexico City, in the Cuauhtemoc
district, there is a powerful sept of the Bone Gnawer Tribe.
The Sweet Water Sept is so well hidden that even the
Archbishop Alicia Barrows — whose Haven is literally at
the southwestern edge of their protectorate — does not
realize that they exist. While the park is their main hangout
and one of the few places where the Garou can be as one
with Gaia in the entire city, there is no caern to be found.

The Bone Gnawers have joined forces with the Celes-
tial Chorus and Dreamspeaker mages that still live in
Mexico City in an attempt to survive the overwhelming
corruption that lives and grows in the city. The Bone
Gnawers spend their time slipping into and out of the
Umbra, to battle the rampant Banes in order to steal the
Gnosis needed to protect their city. There is no Bawn,
there is no caern. Woe be to the foolish who cause grief in
Alameda

The Bone Gnawers are the only Garou, save for the
Black Spiral Dancers, who have successfully managed to

50 The Chaos Factor

continue living in the city. They are the only Garou who
have not allen to the Wyrm. The Sweet Water Sept cant
found in Alameda, but also roam, trying to locate Ronin
foolish enough to come to Mexico City. Someone has to
save the careless from the Wyrm and the Sweet Water Sept
is the only option available.

Many of the sept's ten members once belonged toother
tribes, and have since joined the Bone Gnawers in their
losing battle against the overwhelming odds. Make no
mistake — the Bone Gnawers of Mexico City are warriors
first and defenders second. There is no time for peace any
longer, only forcombat. The entire sept follows Quetzalcoat!
as their totem, though this Quetzalcoatl is only another
form of the Phoenix.

Father Machete, Sept Leader
Breed: Metis

Caregiver

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge
Empathy 2, Expression 5, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge
Subterfuge 5,

treetwise 5

ms 4, Me

Knowledges: Drive 3, Etiquette 2,
Leadership 4, Performance 5, Repair 1, Stealth 4, Surv'

Skills: Computer 3, Enigmas 5, Linguistics 2, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 1, Rituals 5


Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2, Past Life 5, Contacts 5

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Create Element, Inspiration, The
Falling Touch; (2) Blissful Ignorance, Burrow, Curse of
; (3) Beg, Combat Healing, Eyes
of the Cat; (4) Atunement, Clenched Jaw, Gift of the
Porcupine; (5) Kiss of Helios Survivor, Totem Gift

Rank: 5

Rage 9, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

ed, Spirit of the Fr

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Contrition, Rite
of Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of Summon-
ing, Rite of the Dead (See Appendix Two)

Fetishes: Machete (Level 4, Gnosis 6; the Machete in
question grants 1 Rage point per turn, but only for the
purpose of attacking with this Fetish. Whether he spends
Rage points or not, Father Machete strikes at least twice per
round while wielding this massive blade.)

Background: I was born in Mexico City and I expect
todie here. I will not surrender my city to the Wyrm; if all
ily to fight for their beliefs, then they
shall fall before the Leeches. We are losing the fight, and
most of us are metis, but we will not surrender, and we will
prevail. Gaia be with us, Luna protect us.

others are too coy

Image: Father Machete is a brute. He bears the signs
of various conflicts with the Sabbat, and he wears them
with pride, Machete stands almost 10 feet tall in Crinos,
and isa lean 6°4" in Homid. His hare-lip makes him look
like he isscowling all the time, a perfect disguise to hide the
fact that he is, indeed, scowling all the time.

Roleplaying Notes: Never take flack off of anyones
thisisa combat zone as bad as the Amazon, but most of the
Garou have abandoned you in your time of need. You do
notneed their advice, and you do not need their remorse or
+ for having been born a metis. If they want
tohelp, wonderful; if not, to hell with them all.

embarrassm

Sling Shot, Warder (suchas itis)

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Nature: Show Off

Demeanor: Jester

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/4), Dexterity 5 (6/7/8/8),
Stamina 4 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 3,
Subterfuge 5

Knowledges: Drive 2, Firearms 5, Melee 3, Leadership 2,
Performance 3, Repair 4, Stealth 5, Survival 5

Skills: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Persuasion, Scent of
Sweet Honey; (2) Jam Technology, Staredown, Taking the
Forgotten; (3) Fly Feet, Gift of the Skunk, Silence; (4)
Infest, Spirit Ward, Whelp Body

Rank: 4

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 10

Rites: None

Fetishes: Luna's Sling Shot (Level 3, Gnosis 6), This
unusual fetish allows the bearer to fire missile weapons
around corners with a Gnosis Roll, and to cause aggravated
damage. (See Corner Shotin the Werewolf Players Guide.)

Background: I cannot tell a lie. | was born in New
Jersey. But, I'm feeling much better now. I came down to
Mexico City for ar that my First
Change occurred. I don't quite understand it, but my
parents never reported me as missing. Maybe it was that
little problem with the car, the peanut butter, and the girl
next door...

Image: Sling Shot is decidedly short, with a pot belly
from too much tequila and a grin that denies his usual
hangover. His fur is jet black, and a few have hypothesized
that his actual tribe is the Black Furies.

Roleplaying Notes: "Hey, what the problem is with
most of the world is that they've forgotten how to laugh."
You have made it your goal in life to make people laugh,
even if they are your enemies. Then, while they are laugh-
ing, drop them like flies at a poisoned picnic.

Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City 51


Mother Baggy Pants, Master of
the Rite
Breed: Metis
Auspice: Philodox

Bone Gnawers

Survivor

+ Reluctant Garou

s strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),

Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4

pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

/2/2), Ap-

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 4, Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 5, Streetwise 5

Knowledges: Drive 3,
Performance 4, Repair 4, Stealth 1, Survival 5

rearms 3, Melee 4, Leadership 3,

Skills: Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 1, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 4

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Sense Wyrm, Truth Of Gaia; (2)
Call to Duty, Strength of Purpose, Trash Magnet; (3)
Awaken Beast, Gift of the Termite, Reshape Object

Rank:

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6
Rites: All
Fetishes: Dream Trap, Stone Bag (See Werewolf

Player's Guide) (Level 4, Gnosis 5; This battered leatk
al pockets on the sides. The Stone Bag is
only capable of storing Gnosis, as per the Gnostic Bag, but

bag has sev

ot

also packs wallop. The bag itself weighs only as

m

bag should, as far as the bearer is
1 take the bag by

much as a leather

concerned, but t

anyone attempting

The Chaos Factor

force, the weight increases by several thousand pounds
The bag causes 4 extra dice of non-aggravated damage
when used as a weapon. Muggers beware.)

Background: 1 was not born here; I was born in
California. Back home they even treated me like a human;
rah, My parents had trouble with my
malformity, and sent me to live with an aunt of mine in

my name was

Mexico City for the summer when I was 12. That was 15
years ago. They have yet to collect me, and I have learned
not to care, At least among the Sweet Water Sept, | am of

some use.
Image: Baggy Pants is a thin girl; she looks barely 14

Currently at tha in her life

years of

wkward" stag
where she appears to be all knees «
has been at that stage for over 17 y
attractive, save for the third eye that mov.
a

Roleplaying Notes: Youaccept that you are metis, you
accept that you are Garou, but you prefer that people think
of you first as a person. While you almost never speak of
these problems, you have learned to hate the outsiders who

nd elbows, Baggy Pants

ars. Baggy pants is quite
blindly on her
three eyes are brown

forehead. Her hair is black, and all

come and gawk at your unfortunate third eye, More than
anything, you want to be thought of as an equal instead of
as a monster

Wanderer, Keeper of the Land
Breed: Homid

+ Theurge

Unknown
Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),


Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Empathy 4, Expression 4, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3,
Subterfuge 1

Knowledges: Drive 3, Etiquette
Leadership 3, Performance 4, Repair

Skills: Computer 2, Enigmas
cine 3, Occult 1

Firearms 5, Melee 3,
, Stealth 4, Survival 5

, Linguistics 2, Medi-

Backgrounds: None
Gifts: (1) Cooking

Rank: |

Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Willpower 7

Rit None

Fetishes: 17 vials of Clear Water (See Werewolf
Player's Guide)

Background: My name is Mary Taylor. My father's

name was Robert. Ma
Dancer.

Gaia forgive me, | am a Skin-

Image: Wanderer is a handsome woman. She car-
ries herself with quiet dignity and a grace that is almost
magical. She has only spoken once, and that was simply
to say that she meant no harm. Baggy Pants and Sling
Shot each took turns caring for her, and after many hours
oftrying, managed to teach Wanderer the Gift Cooking.
Wanderer has a haunted look in her eyes tall times, and
often appears on the verge of tears.

Roleplaying Notes: You will fight if provoked, but
for the most part you keep to yourself, holding your arms
across your chest in an attempt to stop the chills that
wrack your soul

Notes: Wanderer shivers inside because of the pain
she suffered when she first attempted to step into the
Umbra and was forced into Erebus by a Wyldling. She
has been in a state of Harano ever since

Razorface

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Adopted Bone Gnawer

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 ( 4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 0 (0/0/0/0)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Intimida-
tion 5, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 2

Knowledges: Melee 3, Leadership 2, Performance 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 3

Computer 4, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Medi-

Backgrounds: Past Life 4
Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machine, Find Water,
Razor Claws; (2) Cybersenses, Scent of Sight, Power

Surge; (3) Control Complex Machine, Data Flow, El-
emental Favor; (4) Attunement, Clenched Jaw, Gnaw

Rank: |

Rage 9, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7

Rites: None

Fetishes: Geomid Fragment, Loon's Refund, Light-
ning Claws, Phreak Box, Surge of False Energy, Steel
Fur, Vulcan's Interface

Background: I never dreamed that they would do
this to me; I never suspected that my own tribe could
betray me in this way. I was loyal, always ready to defend
the caern. I think that they weren't sure what to do with
me, as I was not born Homid or even metis, Stay away
from the Cyber-Realms unless you are ready for them
Great Gaia, I was only a pup. I had not even attended my
Rite of Passage.

Image: Razor Face lives up to his name in all
possible ways. His teeth are stainless steel and razor
edged. In all of his forms his fur glints metallically, and
his claws are a menacing sight. Razor Face is a Cyber-
Wolf (see Umbra: The Velvet Shadow).

Roleplaying Notes: You absolutely loathe humans,
but you know that killing them without provocation is
wrong... at least in the eyes of your sept members. You
love to spend time with the computers, and frankly, you
get along pretty damned well with the Technocracy.
except in Mexico City. You mistakenly believe that your
tribe abandoned you. In truth you got lost in the Umbra
after trying to teach yourself too much too soon.


Mexico Kindred

Our litle group has always been
And always will until the end
With the lights out

It's less dangerous

Here we are now

Entertain us

— Nirvana, "Smells Like Teen Spirit"

There are more than 200 Kindred in Mexico City.
Most of the vampires in Mexico City are Sabbat, and those
thatare not with the Sabbat are only safe so longas they can
successfully hide that knowledge from the others. It is one
of ironies of the World of Darkness that in Mexico, strong-
hold of machismo, the vampiric power structure is largely
female. Some feel there is a sort of justice in this.

The rules are not as stringent in Mexico City as they
are in most parts of the United States. The only cares the
local Kindred share are the worries that affect all vampires.
Most of the Sabbat are allowed to come and go as they
please in Mexico, but they are watched carefully. The first
dozen or so Kindred they run across are likely to attempt
several communications with them. If they do not respond
properly, the Black Hand will want to know why.

Despite the amount of freedom given to visitors and
local vampires alike, there is a strong sense of imminent
danger looming over the heads of most Kindred in town.
No one caught breaking the rules goes unpunished. There
is too much fear of Camarilla spiesand mad mages. This fear
is justified...

Cardinal Melinda Galbraith

Sire: Helene
Nature: Director

Demeanor: Judge
Clan: Toreador Antitvibu
Generation: 5th
Embrace: 1143
Apparent Age: 30
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6
Charisma 8, Manipulation 8, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 6, Wits 6
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Diplomacy 5, Dodge 5,
Empathy 4, Intrigue 5, Sense Deception 5, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Debate 5, Etiquette 4, Firearms 5, Firewalking 4,
Melee 3, Survival 5
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 5 (Mexico City) Bureau-
cracy 5, Computer 4, Finance 5, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 5,
Camarilla Lore 4, Medicine 5, Occult 3
Virtue:

Socis

Callousness 5, Instincts 5, Morale 5

Disciplines: Auspex 8, Celerity 5, Dominate 8, Fortitude 6,
Obtenebration 5, Presence 6, Potence 7, Vicissitude 6

Backgrounds: A\llies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Influence 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 3, Status 5

Haven: Several penthouses around the city

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations 7

Willpower 9

Background: I was born in Spain, and forced to leave
Europe behind when I was captured by Helena. I wa
treated well enough, but was a slave. I swore that this would
never happen again; that is a promise I have both kept and
broken. When I was Embraced, my Sire forced me into a
Blood-Bond. She assured me that the Bond was for my own
good, and that I had nothing to fear fromher. She betrayed me,
left me to rot in this festering wound of a town. I have never
forgiven her.

Icame to Mexico with my Sire and the Conquistadors.
fought along side Helena asshe helped make Cortes' conquest
ofthe Aztecsareality. The battles were savage. The mages that
fought us were many, but none could hope to resist Helena's
power. Then she left me — walked away without a single
backwards glance. And then the Sabbat came, and I joined
themeagerly. Anything tobreak the power of the Blood-Bond
that held me in Helena's thrall.

It isnot easy being the cardinal of acity, let alone one the
size of Mexico, I was groomed from a young age to be a fighter,
and tohold dearly whatis mine. Helena wasa wise human, and
a wiser Kindred. From my Embrace to the present day, I still
feel great affection for her, even past my hatred for what she
did to me. But I have found a new advisor, Huitzilopoctli. He
called to me and I responded. Now he advises me and makes
certain that [rule wisely. Hesleeps, deep beneath the city. Still
he hears my questionsand advises me. Iam his Thrall, he is my
Regnant, but ourgoalsare the same. I will not disappoint him

Image: Melinda is a stunning woman, but those with
Auspex can still see a few scars left from the plague that she
never covered as well as she should have. She has dark brown

was


hairand light hazel eyes, and she is always dressed impeccably
in the finest clothes that money can buy

Roleplaying Notes: You didn't get to be the Cardinal of
Mexico Cityasa result of yourlooks. You made your way to the
top the old fashioned way; you tore your enemies apart. Never
show mercy, unless the kindness can be repaid tenfold. Never
te lenient, unless the result is increased loyalty. Never suffer
aCamarilla spy to live, unless the end result is a Sabbat spy to
send back. Never show weakness. No exceptions. There are
rumors going around that Helena has been spotted in the city
You are very worried about this possibility.

Influence: Everyone shows deference to the Cardinal.
The deference may be a lie, but everyone has become very
good at lying

Notes: Melinda is under the belief that Helena betrayed
her. Her mind isslowly being twisted by Huitzilopoctli, and he
is preparing to make her believe he is her Sire and lover.

Joe "Boot" Hill
Siret Bernard del Gado
Clan: Assamite Antieribu

Nature: Cavalier
Demeanor: Gallant
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1881
Apparent Age: 27
Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6
arisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Streetwise 3, Sub-
terfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Blind Fighting 3, Drive 2,
Firearms 5, Firewalking 4, Melee 5, Music 2 (Harmonica),

Security 4, Stealth 5, Snake Charming 4, Survival 3,
Torture 5

Knowledges: Black Hand Knowledge 5, Bureaucracy 2,
Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguistics 3, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 3

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Potence 4, Fortitude 5,
Quietus 6, Viscissitude 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Black Hand Membership 3,
Contacts 3, Resources 5, Retainers 4

Haven: Never far from his horses' stables.

Path of Enlightenment: Power and the Inner Voice 7

Willpower 8

Background: Let me tell you somethin': there's rules to
follow, even if most of the fools living here don't know what
they are. | enforce those rules, and that's what got me here in
the first place.

There was time when I took the crap that people dealt
out to me and I smiled, tipped my hat and went on my way.
Those timesare longgone. When met Bernard, he was talkin'
a line a crap about fifteen miles longer'n it needed to be, and
I just wasn't in the mood to listen. So I shot him. Then he got
up and reminded me that shootin' an unarmed man is down-
right rude where he's from. Well, never to be outdone, I shot
himagain. Then proceeded to mop up the floor with his head

He took it poorly. Bernard del Gado dragged me behind
his horse for about half a mile before he decided to accept my
apology. ‘Course by that time I'd lost most of my teeth and a
good portion of my nose. He kept me goin by feedin' me some
of his blood, and he kept me in line by reminding me that he
could track meanywhere I wanted togo. I realizenowhownice
he was bein', I' ve seen what he does to people he don't like.
He waited til I was properly mended, then he bit mean' buried
me. I came out of the ground about three days later madder'n
a hornets' nest that just got pissed on, and whupped the snot
out of three of his friends when they tried to restrain me. Then
Bernard taught me what fighting was all about.

I still miss him sometimes, but he should have known
better than torasslea Lupine withoutagun. They run in packs,
and he was only just startin' to feed on the first one when the
rest of them cowardly varmints caught him in the act.

Image: Joe Hill is a tall, lean gunslinger. His clothes are
always clean, and his hat is black. Joe's face still bears the scars
from his little incident — being dragged across the ground
behind a horse — in some cases these scars are little more than
something left after shaving too closely, but in a few cases, the
deep wounds never healed properly, and thick lumps of flesh.
have covered his once handsome face. From any distance
greater than a few feet, however, Joe is still a handsome man.
He traded in his six shooters for two Ingram Mac 10s and a
Fiachi Law-12, but he still prefers to call his opponents out
when the situation permits. Joe follows the code of the old
west, right down to keeping his well-trained horse retainer
around. He earned the nickname "Boot" Hill as a result of
what he does to Kindred who just won't listen to reason,

Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City 55


Roleplaying Notes: IPn they're askin' fer a fight, whup
the snot out of ‘em. Ifn it's a woman doing the asking,
apologize, and then whup the snot out of her. Yer the best
damn tracker this side of the border, and you never forget
when someone's done somethin' they shouldn't have. You
especially like huntin' down Lupines, ‘cause you like
watchin' them burn when you fill ‘em with silver shot.
Influence: Joe Hillis the Dominion of the Black Hand
in Mexico City, and despite his attitude and Texan accent,
he is more than capable of tearing the heart out of anyone
who gives him grief. Joe is very loyal to the Sabbat, and
expects the same from his associates; anyone who does not
meet up with Joe's stringent requirements is "invited to
leave" until he can meet all of the prerequisites. Joe does
not believe in killing Kindred unnecessarily, but he will.
Joe fought his way to the top of the Black Hand, taking
several opponents down a few notches in the process.
Everyone in Mexico kno'

lip.

Jorge De La Muerte
Sire: The Baron
Clan: Samedi
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Confidant
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1732
Apparent Age: 200, give or take.
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

joe, and no one ever gives him

Soci

: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 6

Talents: Acting4, Alertness 3, Body Alteration 5, Brawl 5,
Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5

Skills:
Survival 5

Firearms 4, Melee 4, Security 3, Stealth 4,

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 4, Finance 3,
Investigation 4, Law 3, Linguistics 5, Medicine 5, Occult 5,
Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 5, Camarilla Lore 5, Science 4,
Torture 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 5, Fortitude 5, Necto-
mancy 3, Obfuscate 6, Presence 4, Potence 2, Serpentis 3,
Thanatosis 5

Backgrounds: Resources 2. Contacts 3, Allies 3

Haven: The sewers.

Humanity: 1

Willpower 10

Background: The thrice damned fools. They are so
certain that no one could possibly infiltrate the Sabbat.
Well, they are sadly mistaken. When I ran across the small
nest of these vipers trying to infest my beloved Port Au
Prince, I decided that the time had come to do something
about the vermin. After several weeks of torture, they
surrendered all that they knew. I learn more with every
passing day, and as long as I go along with the wishes of
these vermin while I stay in Mexico City, there will be no
problems with continuing my education. The time is com-
ing when the Sabbat will learn the error of their ways. Just
as the Camarilla will learn the same lessons. My infiltration
is complete. The audacity of joining the Black Hand! It
takes courage to learn anything; it takes sharp mind to use
that knowledge. The spirits of the dead cry out to me —
they scream of their suffering at the hands of the Sabbat.
The time is coming for them to have their vengeance!

Image: The Mummy lives! De La Muerte is a shriv-
elled stick ofa man. Hisskin flakesand peelsaway constantly,
and his eyes are sunken deep into the back of his head. His
attire normally includes sandals, black pants and a doctor's
lab coat. He is never seen without his doctor's bag full of
autopsy equipment.

Roleplaying Notes: Never disagree with your superi-
ors. You are living on borrowed time; you have to find out
all that you can, and return the information gleaned to the
leader of your Bloodline. If it were possible to Blood Bind
you, you would have already given in to these vile beasts

Influence: Jorge is a Remover of the Black Hand,
answerable only to his superiors. He is also a master of
torture, and has let this information leak to all of the right
Kindred. Jorge is as feared as any Kindred in Mexico City,
but he is also smart enough not to use that fear to his own
advantage unless it is absolutely necessary. He already has
four of his Childer in the city, and they are busily mapping
out the areas of hottest political interest


Sire: Laanto Dormotji

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Loner

Clan: Tzimisce

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1476

Apparent Age: 24

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Mar

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 7, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 5, Interrogation 5, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 3,

pulation 4, Appearance 2

Subterfuge 5
Skills: Body Alteration 5, Drive 2, Fire Eating 4,

Firearms 3, Melee 5, Repair 3, Survival 3, Torture 2
Knowledges: Alchemy 4, Area Knowledge (Mexico

City) 5 Bureaucracy 4, Computer 2, Finance 2, Investiga-
tion 4, Law 4, Occult 5, Sabbat Lore 4, Camarilla Lore 3,
Politics 4

Virtues: Callousn

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 5, Celerity 3,
Mytherceria 5, Protean 5, Thaumaturgy 6 (Path of Blood 5,
Weather Control 3, Path of Conjuring 4) Vicissitude 7

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Occult Library 5, Resources 5,
Retainers 2

ess 3, Instincts 2, Morale 5

Haven: An abandoned warehouse in the worst part of
town,

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 7

Willpower 8

ons to be learned from every
never turn your

Backgrounds There are less
itfromsomeone who know:

Dormotji; I would aid him in his research for protection from
the sun's rays, and he would explain the lifestyle of the
Kindred. I kept my part of the bargain. Laanto could walk in
the noonday sun for several hoursata time, buthe would have
to return to me for replenishment of his supplies. In order to
ensure that I continue to supply him, he Embraced me.

He should have made certain that he grabbed the proper
jar of ointment. I loved the sounds of his screams as he roasted
in the sun's rays the next day. The Kindred are too powerful
already, and too dangerous. I burned my notes on the formula.
Naturally, I kept my supply; I'm not foolish.

Image: Valenko Dmiritay isa thin man in his late fifties,
with longsilvery hairanda heavy mustache. Hishawkish nose
ebrows hide eyes thathave seen too much evil.
grim; no one recalls ever seeing him smile

Roleplaying Notes: No one realizes the truth. You were
a mage, and had plans for helping the world. Now you are
forced into this hellish existence as a Kindred. You watch
everyone, and youhelp the leaders of the Kindred, butas soon
as youcan, you will return to your Progenitor brethren and be
cured of this vile disease. The only thing that has stopped you
so far is fear; you remember all too well what sorts of experi-
ments your fellow Progenitors were known to perform on the
undead.

Influence: As Priscus, you are answerable only to the
Archbishops and the Cardinal. You are their advisor, and do
your best to direct them away from the foul pitthat is engulfing
all of Mexico City.

Archbishop Alicia Barrows

Sire: Andre Milano

Nature: Fanatic

jant

an Antitribu
6th

Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City


Embrace: 1401
Apparent Age: 18

Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6
Acting 5, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5,
Empathy 5, Fortune Telling 5, Intimidation 3, Leadership 5,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Blind Fighting 3, Body Alteration 2, Drive 5,
Firearms 3, Melee 5, Music 4, Repair 4, Sabbat Lore 5,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Computer 4, Finance 4,
Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguistics 5, Medicine 3, Politics 5

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 5

Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celerity 4, Dementation 7,
Fortitude 4, Presence 5, Potence 7, Obfuscate 5

Backgrounds:
Retainers 5

Haven: Palacio de Mineria

Path of Enlightenment: It changes from night to
night. 4

Willpower 10

Background: They're coming, you know. Nothing we
can do will stop them. I read of their rising in my cards,
before I was even Embraced. There will be no escape from
the Gehenna. The Antediluvians will rise, and they will
devour us all. When I told my Sire of his fate, to die at the
hands of Malkav, he forced the Embrace on me and told me
that at least he would not die alone. He-was wrong. I made
certain that he was alone when he died.

Ie took me a long time to try reading my cards again
But eventually the urge was too strong to resist. The fates
had changed. I know now that it is possible to stop the
Gehenna from arriving. The only question is how...

Image: Alicia is pale and lovely. Her hair is dark red,
and her eyes are green. She stands only 4'10" in height, but
as if she were much taller. She is often
mistaken for a stray child when she is first seen. Only after
econd glance can a person see the full figure she hides
beneath shapeless dresses.

Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 5,

carries herself

a

Roleplaying Notes: You know that salvation is pos-
sible. You have confidence that salvation will be achieved.
You must convince all of the Sabbat to band together and
to work as one to find and destroy the Antediluvians.

Influence: Alicia is one of the Archbishops for the
Sabbat in Mexico City, and as such has a substantial
amount of influence over the unlives of those around her.
She issmart enough not to flaunt her power, ands probably
alive as a result of the precautions she takes, and her use of

others to actually give the orders

The Chaos Factor

Paladin Rosa Martinez

Sire: Melinda Galbraith
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Conformist
Clan: Toreador Antitribu
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1880
Apparent Age: 28
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 7, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 7
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Intrigue 4, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 5, Interrogation 3, Melee 4,
Music 3, Security 5, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Mexico
derbelly) 3, Bureaucracy 2, Computer 2, Politi

amina 5

y) 3 (Un-
4
Callousness 5, Instincts 4, Morale 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Fortitude 6,
Obtenebration 4, Presence 4, Potence 5

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Contacts 3, Allies 5

Haven: Wherever Melinda is staying.

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations 4

Willpower 7

Background: Melinda has always been good to me.
She took me in when I was just a child and she had me
trained in the ways of a warrior. I never had to fear being
alone with Melinda near by. I never had to worry about
money or a roof over my head. I would surely have died if
not for her. I owe her, and will protect her, even after
having met the Master. He understands how I feel, and he
forgives this foolish loyalty.

Virtues:


I hope that Melinda will come around soon to the
Master's ways. She is too valuable to lose. I feel that with
Melinda by his side, the Master can truly achieve anything.

Image: Rosa is a very tall woman, 6'4", and very
muscular from her years as her Sire's Retainer. Her hair is
sandy blond and her eyes are blue. The most noticeable
feature about Rosa is the clothing she wears — a man's suit
and overcoat to hide the arsenal of weapons on her body.

Roleplaying Notes: Don't speak unless spoken to.
Always keep your answers direct and to the point. Never
volunteer information; that's how you got this job in the
first place. Your predecessor talked too much and you were
willing to listen and report to Melinda

Influence: Rosa terrifies most everyone, but her influ-
ence extends only as far as her reach.

i
hi fil
allt |
Lisandro Giovanni

Sire: Andreas Giovanni

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 6th (Posing as a Ventrue Anticribu)

Embrace: 1721

Apparent Age: 34

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 5, Body Alteration 5, Brawl 5,
Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4,
Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Security 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 2, Finance 5,
Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguistics 5, Medicine 5, Occult 5,
Politics 5 Sabbat Lore 3, Camarilla Lore 3, Science 4,
Torture 5

Merits: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Disciplines: Dominate 5, Fortitude 3, Necromancy 5,
Potence 3, Thanatosis 3, Thaumaturgy 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Sabbat Status 3, Resources 5
Retainers 4

Haven: Penthouse apartment in the new part of the
city.

Humanit

Willpower 6

Background: Hey, believe me, when your Sire s
go look into the NAFTA situation, you look into the
NAFTA situation. So he told me it would be good for the
family, and so I listened. Here I am. But I'm better armed
than most; it's amazing what a dead Kindred can tell you if
you know how to ask...little secrets, like all the right codes
and gestures that let you slip past any of them stupid hand
signals the Sabbat use, y'know what I mean?

So I've only been here a few weeks when my zombies
start acting up. Imagine my surprise when I find out that
they're actually my old friends in the Samedi. I hadn't seen
them since they did Baby Doc in Haiti — Jeez, that was a
mess for you. So they want a little information, and I need
alittle help with my research. So far it's working of just fine.

Image: Lisandro is a handsome man, give or take the
pockmarks on his face. Perfectly cut clothes are the only
kind that touch his form. His hair is always perfect.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a cold bastard, but mostly
because you are terrified of being caught. There's too much
at tisk for the family if you blow this task

Influence: Lisandro and the Samedi have formed a
powerful friendship out of mutual need. Between them,
they have discovered a great deal about what is really going
on in Mexico City. Both groupsare planning major infiltra-
tion attacks, and the time is almost ripe.

Delilah Monroe

Sire: Angela Preston
Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Generation: 10th
Clan: Daughters of Cacophony Antitribu
Embrace: 1981
Apparent Age: 19
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Leadership 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Music 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 1
Knowledges:
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 2, Morale 3

Computer 1, Linguistics 1, Politics 1


Disciplines:
Melpominee 5

Auspex 1, Fortitude 2, Presence 3,

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Fame 3, Resources 5

Haven: The Underbelly, or if she really feels like
slumming, with a few of her pack mates

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations 2

Willpower 3

Background: So like, I was gonna be ina band. Oka
And there was this group of rilly cool guys that were gonna
play back-up forme. And they even did fora while, until we
had engine troubles and went down in San Diego. Well,
there was this other group of losers that decided I could be
worth some money, on account of the contract I had just
signed. So they like took me hostage an' stuff. Only, these
really fat women in Viking costumes came and killed them
and then took me away from the leftovers, and then they
made me a vampire

Only, they didn't really ask if] wanted to bea vampire;
I mean, how am I supposed to work on my tan now? Under
the full moon? I'm sure! So, I made the best of what I had
and started doin' recordings an' stuff only at night. An'
then I got into this really cool stuff about devil worship,
made some major bucks off the dorks that are into that
kinda crap, y'know?

And then we went on this world tour, and I made sure
that we only flew atnight. Then the plane got fucked up and
Iended up in Mexico City. An' that's how I met all my new
friends. Is that bitchin' or what?

Image: Delilah is a vision of angelic beauty, until you
add the spiked hair, the safety pins in her cheeks, ears and
eyebrows, and the exceedingly vulgar language that spews
from her mouth

The Chaos Factor

60

Roleplaying Notes: They are all so bo-oring! You
thought that the Sabbat would bea blast, but they're just as
bad as those Camarilla geeks. Maybe the Anarchs would be
more fun...

Influence: Delilah is planning to start a little crusade
against the Sabbat. She's already been up to Los Angel
and Seattle, gathering forces that would be inte
increasing the size of the Anarch Freestates. She's learned
a few tactics from the Sabbat, however, including the idea
of using available humans as cannon fodder after Embrac
ing them. She's got them all on one level, because she
intends to Blood-Bond any new ones she makes first.

ed in

Mad Mary

Sire: Heckler
Nature: Deviant
Demeano:
Generation: 12th

Clan: Malkavian Antitribu

Embrace: 1963

Apparent Age: 24

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Streetwi

Skills: Drive 2, Firewalking 4, Melee 4, Repair 2,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Medicine 3, Occult 1, Sabbat Lore 3
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 3

+ Deviant

Disciplines:

Auspex 2, Dementation 4, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Resources 1, Allies 1

Haven: Sewers

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Cathari 6


Willpower 6

Background: I was just walking down the streets in
New York. This man came up to me, teetering like he was
really drunk, and then he pinned me to the wall before I
could even scream. He kissed me and he hugged me, and he
pulled out a hank of his own hair. Then he said I reminded
him of his mother, and he Embraced me. What the hell, |
wasn't really doing anything anyway.

Image: Mary wears very little clothingand carriesa big
chainsaw. She's fairly attractive once you get past the blood
stains.

Roleplaying Notes: Chop that baby up! Butalwaysask
permission first. The answer doesn't really matter much;
you just let the old saw rip away.

Influence: Mary'sstarted hangingaround with Delilah
lately, and she too is interested in the idea of creating anew
Anarch Freestate. She's grown very tired of being told what
she can and cannot do.

Wraiths

And the devil in a black dress watches over

My guardian angel walks away

Life is shore and love is always over in the morning
Black wind come carry me far away

Sisters of Mercy, "Temple of Love"

Mexico City's long, violent history has led to the
creation ofan enormous stronghold for wraiths. Within the
stronghold are several Citadels, the most powerful of which
restsatop the remains of Tenochtitlan and Tlatelolco. The
pyramids of Huitzilopoctli and Quetzalcoat! have both
generated immense reserves of Angst, and that power is
continuously fueled by the suffering of the living in Mexico
City.

Most Mexican wraiths only wish to protect their
families and gain vengeance against the powers that caused
their deaths. During the Days of the Dead, the Shroud
between the living and dead grows weaker, pushed back by
the beliefs of the living. The wraiths have an easier time
moving about and attempting to take care of their personal
goals. However, also during the Days of the Dead, on the
fifth day to be precise, the Garou perform the Rites of the
Dead, strengthening the barrier between worlds and push-
ing out the Restless Dead for a while. The Garou believe
they are doing the wraiths a favor. They are wrong.

The wraiths' Shadowland is menacing here, making
the living Mexico City seem almost tranquil. The ancient
ruins of Tenochtitlan and Tlatelolco are still real here,
literally merged with the modern day buildings of Mexico
City. The streets are heaped with refuse, and the waters of
Tetzcoco are filled with the blood of countless sacrifices.
The wraiths of Mexico City are not happy. But the ghosts
in the Underbelly of the Wyrm are all roo pleased; they
thrive in the misery that they have created.

The Storyteller is encouraged to use wraiths in con-
junction with "The Chaos Factor". Several suggestions are
given throughout the story, primarily as added spice. If the
players opt to play a ghost, they should be allowed to doso,
provided the Storyteller is familiar with the Wraith rules.
Some guidelines for representing wraith Arcanos are given
in Appendix Two.

Louisa de la Simon

Demeanor: Penitent

Nature: Deviant

Haunt: Underbelly of the Wyrm

Background: Arturo could not accept that I was not a
virgin when we married. He could notaccept that I hadsold
my body to buy food for my family. When he discovered the
truth on our wedding night, he strangled me. I will find
him, and return the favor, but first I will destroy everything
he ever loved.

Image: Louisa was beautiful in life, and remains so in
death. She has long dark hair and large dark eyes. Her lips
are full and crimson, her body lean and elegant. She is
normally seen in a flowing white wedding gown.

Roleplaying Notes: Youare quiet and seductive. Smile
at the men you meet, promising favors with your eyes. The
women you treat civilly, but only because they are no
longer competition. Your primary desire in this world is to
woo men and then lead them to their deaths. Many home-
less Mexicans have died because they followed you into the
Wyrm's Underbelly,

Notes: Louisa's powers include walking through walls,
possession, and fear. Consider her Rank Three if she
contests another supernatural's powers (see Appendix Two
for details).


Mictlan, the Black Shadow

Demeanor: Deviant
Nature: Bravo
Haunt: Tlatelolco
Background: I'll ell you one secret, no more, no less.
I could leave here anytime I want to. I simply choose to stay
I followed the true Mictlantecuhtli in life, | impersonate
him in death. The living are such easy prey

Image: A black cloud that broods in the sky, oozing
down to do violence and often laughing as it approaches.

Roleplaying Notes: Your primary goal is to kill the
living and force their souls onward to Oblivion. Nothing
else matters. However, if you can make them suffer as they
go, you are that much happier. You lead the wraiths that
worship death in their quest to destroy everything living,
and in Mexico City you are almost akin to a god

listed in
‘wo, and can manifest as a huge black cloud as

Notes: Mictlan can use all of the powe
Appendi
well. Consider him Rank Five.

The Onderbelly of the Wyrm

A few representative members of this dark
collective appear below. Some are important
Sepulchre leaders while othersare simply given

4 here for color and atmosphere.

Nephandi

Beware of false prophets, which come to yor in
ep sclothing, butintuardly they areraveningwolves.

— Matthew 7:

Amelio Santa Lucien
Nature: Architect (Sepulchre Member)
Demeanor: Deviant
Essene:
Traditior
Physi
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Pi
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Expression 4,

Intuition 5, Intimidation 5

Primordial
Nephandi

Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

eption 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 5, Leadership 5, Medita-
tion 5, Research 5, Survival 4

Knowledges: Cosmology 3,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 5, Occult 5

nigmas 4, Inv

Spheres Cc
Mind 3, Matter 5,

spondence 2, Entropy 5, Forces 4, Life 5,
Prime 5, Spirit 2, Time 4

62 The Chaos Factor

Backgrounds: Resources 5, Library 3, Destiny 4,
Influence 5, Avatar 5, Node 5
Arete 7, Willpower 8, Quintessence 13, Parados
Talisman: The Virgin's Tear is a sacrificial dag
with a four foot long blade. This dagger has been enchanted

toallow Amelio to return to the Caul of the Pandemonium

from anywhere, particularly if he has been heavily injured.


While the dagger isstill used regularly for sacrifices, Amelio
is never without the weapon in a sheath at his hip.

Background: Well, we all have our secrets, don't we?
Iwill tell you this much — I remember Christ's crucifixion
fondly.

Image: Amelio has a seemingly perfect body and a
serenely handsome face. Allofthe physical changes brought
about by his frequent visits to the Caul are well hidden.
Every inch of Amelio's body normally kept clothed is
covered in tattoos. The images vary from copulation with
oddly shaped demons to detailed scenes from ritualistic
sacrifices. The tattoos on the inside of his skin are even
worse, bearing the names and images of over 700 demons
His eyes are cold blue, and his hair is as dark as the sins he
is guilty of committing.

Roleplaying Notes: You areacharmer, sly and friendly
Younever talk badly about anyone, you just think poorly of
them. There is one exception; you never hesitate to tell
everyone just how horrible the Camarillais. Afterall, when
in Rome

Never argue with your fellow members of the Sepul-
chre; the wisest person is the one who holds his tongue
When you are not directly speaking to another person,
allow a small smile to twist one side of your face. You often
reflect on the things you have done in the past and
remember them fondly.

Jannesha Torrensi
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Avant-Garde
Essence:
Tradition: Cult of Ecstasy Barabbi

Questing

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 4, Awareness 3, Expression 3,
Intuition 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Meditation 3, Research 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Cosmology 3, Culture 5, Enigmas 3,
Medicine 5, Occult 5, Science 4

Spheres: Entropy 4, Forces 2, Life 4, Mind 3, Prime 3,
Time 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Chantry 5, Mentor 3, Avatar 3,
Library 4

Arete 4, Willpower 6, Quintessence 12, Paradox 4

Background: I have always been a creature of sensual
needs. My first true experience came when I was only 11
and my brother and his friends had their way with me. I
cried with shame, but I enjoyed it too. Later, they cried in
pain; one nail foreach of them anda hammer wasall it took.
I Awakened later the same year, and I was told I was
something of a prodigy. I joined the Cult of Ecstasy and
stayed with them for over a decade, but soon found that
nothing they could offer me satisfied my needs. I have
found many interesting lovers with the Nephandi — hu-
man and otherwise.

Image: Jannesha is a lovely girl, a picture of inno-
cence. She normally dresses like she's ready to go to
parochial school any moment. Strawberry blond hair and a
pretty little pout help emphasize the little girl features that
she has acquired. Most believe the way she dresses is just
another aspect of her decidedly kinky nature.

Roleplaying Notes: Always leave them wanting you
in every sense of the word. Every gesture and word should
be a subtle proposition, emphasis on subtle. Never offer
information; it should be purchased. Whenever possible,
you like to visit the surface and seduce others among the
Awakened into joining the ranks of the Nephandi..

Mister Black, Mister Darke,
Mister Night, Mister White and
Mister Gray

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Fanatic
Essence: Pattern
Tradition: Men in Black Barabbi
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Awareness 4, Brawl
5, Dodge 5, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Meditation 3, Melee 5,
Research 5, Survival 5, Stealth 5, Technology 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Medicine 3,
Science 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 3, Matter 3, Prime 3
Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Avatar 4, Mentor 2

Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City 63


Arete 4, Willpower 7, Quintessence Varies, Paradox
Varies

Background: We served, we were captured, we were
transformed. We are not what the
We have been Reborn, given minds of our own and free will
by the Pandemonium. We have seen the error of our ways.
We are very grateful. If you harm the Pandemonium, you
will die. Hail our mother, the Pandemonium. Hail our
father, great Shaitan,

»chnocracy made us be.

Image: Men in Black, only more menacing. The only
distinctive feature that separates each of these entities is
the change in the clothing they wear — from black, to dark
grey to white.

Roleplaying Notes: Never speak unless spoken to.
Watch everyone and everything and prepare to destroy
anyone who would dare harm the Pandemonium. The Caul
has reshaped you in its own image, as it realized that those
who used it did not necessarily have its best intentions in
mind. You will assist the Nephandi and the others only if
the Pandemonium demands that you do so. You do not fear
death; your pattern has become a part of the Pandemo
nium, and you are born again if you are destroyed. Speak to
others in a threatening monotone.

Note: The Men in Black that have been Reborn in the
Caul are limitless. The Pandemonium has developed a
mind of its own and will use Quintessence to ensure that
the Men In Black are always ready to serve, whether that
means rebuilding them or rebirthing them. These Men in
Black can be annihilated and return only seconds later.
They all carry automatic weapons. Amelio and the rest of
the Nephandi believe that the Men in Black serve them.
They are sadly mistaken.

Sikes
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Deviant

Essence: Pattern

: Nephandi
Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
harisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Alertness, 2, Athletics 4, Awareness 2,
, Expression 3, Intuition 2, Subterfuge |
+ Etiquette 2, Meditation 3, Research 4, Survival 2
, Medicine 4,

Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas

Occult 2

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 3, Life 2, Prime 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3,
Arete 3, Willpower 8, Quintessence 12, Parado:

vatar 2, Library 2

Background: I never thought this stuff was real until
I met Amelio. I mean, I was doing all sorts of rituals and
such, but I never saw anything happen. That's ‘cause |
didn't know how to look. It's not a game, man, this stuff is

real! It's great, whatever I want, I can hav

just by sayin'
ly

hocus pocus, as it wer
be worried about me if I

an, I bet my parents would re
hadn't sacrificed them, hunh?

Image: Long greasy hair, pimples, and clothes that
reflect your belief that Satan Rules. A leatherjacketadorned
with too many spikes and chains, and the build of a fifteen
year old boy

Roleplaying Notes: You're a novice who thinks too
much of yourself. You're cocky and stupid. Anyone looks at
you cross-eyed, and you're likely to zap them with a light-
ning bolt. Amelio figu
usefulness before you get yourself killed. Never hesitate t
blast your enemies with a good jolt of hellfire.

s you have about another year of


Black Spiral Dancers

Blast of silence explodes in my head
Yeah Yeah Yeah

Gimmie this gimmie that now

Step to the moonshine frenzy hail

— White Zombie, "Thunder Kiss ‘65"

Harzomatuili, Leader of the

Sepulchre

Breed: Homid

ice: Ahroun

Black Spiral Dancer

Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/8/7), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Ap-
pearance 0 (0/0/0/0)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 5, Primal-U
Subterfuge 4

Skillls: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Kailindo 5,
Melee 5, Leadership 5, Performance 4, Repair 4, Stealth 4,
Survival 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Linguistics 5, Medicine 5,
Occult 5, Rituals 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Kinfolk 5, Past Life 5,

Resources 5, Totem 5

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Persuasion, Smell
of Man, Scent of Running Water; (2) Ears of the Bat,
Staredown, Spirit of the Fray; (3) Disquiet, Patagi
Foaming Fury; (4) Clenched Jaw, Crawling Poison; (5)
Balefire, Rend Reality

Rank: 6

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8

Rites: All

Fetishes: Bane Lantern, Bane Sword, Umbraphone,
Wyrm-Gut Bonds, Thunderwyrm Egg (Level 4, Gnosis
8; the Thunderwyrm Egg is in actuality a small
thunderwyrm preserved in amber. When activated, it
calls any thunderwyrms within a 50 mile radius to the
Black Spiral Dancer's aid. If there are no thunderwyrms
in the area, the Thunderwyrm Egg will hatch and the
Wyrm inside will double in size, coming to the aid of the
Dancer. The fetish is only usable once if it hatches,
although the thunderwyrm inside will be a willing slave
for as long as it lives. Mind you, the master of the
thunderwyrm will have to make sure it is fed, or things

could get messy.)

Background: I was born in Spain, during the time
of Motecuzoma, the last great ruler of the Aztecs. My
love of the Wyrm has kept me young for 500 years. I was
the first of my tribe to find the Underbelly and to
dedicate the Underbelly to the Hydra. As proof of my
love for the Wyrm, I, Harzomatuili, continue the tradi-
tion of blood sacrifices that the Aztecs started. Since the
Hive was built, I have been directly responsible for
turning over 40 Garou to the ways of the Wyrm.

Pentex and I have long come to an understanding;
my minions will help them if they help me. As the leader
of the Underbelly of the Wyrm Hive, I have kept the
Dancers well funded and provided with Dangerous Toys
to pass among the population of the city — a favorite
pastime during religious holidays. In exchange for the
services of my Black Pack, a specialist team of com.
mando Ahroun, Pentex ensures that my tribe never
wants for anything.

Image: Harzomatuili is truly blessed by the Wyrm
He stands almost 12 feet tall in Crinos form, and is
covered by patches of black lichen that have been
growing within his body since the 17th time he danced
the Black Spiral. To prove his dedication to the Wyrm,
Harzomatuili had the glyph of the Wyrm burned into his
face; his eyes alone were saved from the hideous scarring.

Roleplaying Notes: Your Rage is an unholy thing to
see, and you lead your Hive by force of will and the
ability to knock the sin out of your enemies. No one is
permitted to question your authority and live. You love
the affect your hideousness has on most people:


Bn'lart, Master of the Rite
Breed: Metis
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0):
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talent Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5,
Expression 3, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 4
Skill
Performan

Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Leadership 4,
e 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges:
Occult 5, Rituals 3

Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3,

Backgrounds: Past Life 5, Totem 5

Gifts: (1) Resist Pain, Shed, Smell Fear, Smell of
Man; (2) Burrow, Ears of the Bat, A Thoi
Wyrm Hide; (3) Awaken Beast, Unseelie Faerie Kin; (4)
Crawling Poison, Doppleganger

and Voices,

Ranl
Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Rites: All

Fetishes: Umbrascope, Soul Ruby, Wyrm-wood

Background: I was born in the Hive, and I have no
need toever leave the Hive. I donot know what lies beyond
the Bawn, nor do I care. I serve the Wyrm best by staying
here and observing others, the Leeches, the mages, and the
Vhrujunka. I think I am making progress with this last
group. We will join forces soon.
and was

Image: Bn'lart is almost dwarvish in sia
definitely the runt of his litter. His face is partially covered

The Chaos Factor

66

in fur at all times, in any form. For the most part, he is
hairless. His skin is an unhealthy gray

Roleplaying Notes: Never believe the crap they feed
you — you know that you are more valuable to the Hive
than even Harzomatuili would like to believe. You are self
ingratiating, and you make a point of never inst
anyone. Let them say what they will, you know how
important you are.

ting

Paruppt, Keeper of the Land
Breed: Metis
Aus
Tribe:

Gnawers

Theurge

Black Spiral Dancers (Once of the Bone

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Ap
pearance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5.
Empathy 2, Expression 3, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 1
Subterfuge

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 3,
ership 2, Performance 3, Repair 1, Stealth 4, Si

val 3

Knowledges:
Medicine 3, Occult 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Kinfolk 2, Past Life 1

Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Create Element, Mother's
Touch; (2) Blood Omen, How! Of the Banshee

Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rites:
ing for the Dead, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of

Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2

Rite of Binding, Rite of Contrition, Gather-


the Fetish, Rite of Summoning, Rite of Wounding, Rite
of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Becoming, Ritual of
Summoning, Rite of Passage, Rite of Ostracism, The
Hunt

Fetishes: Devil Whip, 4 Bean Banes

Background: I was once with the Bone Gnawers,
but the bastards of the Wyrm forced me to dance the
Spiral, just as they forced themselves on me in attempts
to have new pups. Fools! I cannot bear their children; I
am metis. Let them try, let them do their best, I will
never tell them the truth, they would kill me as a waste
of time... Ihave joined the Wyrm, had the Wyrm forced
into my mind. I can never go home again.

Image: Paruppt looks remarkably normal, with
brown hair or fur and pale brown eyes. She is actually
quite attractive. Her deformities are all mental, and
would have led her to the Wyrm even without the
Dancers forcing the issue

Roleplaying Notes: You really hate your name,
because the first sound you issued after Dancing the
Spiral did not come from your mouth. You are named
after a fart. If anyone makes fun of your name, kill him

Tispardon, Master of the
Challenge
Breed: Metis

A

ice: Ahroun

| Dancers (Once of the Stargazers)
Phy: rength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (5/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5


Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Empathy 2, Expression 5, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Leadership 4,
Performance 3, Repair 3, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 4,
Medicine 3, Occult 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2, Past Life 1, Contacts 4

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm; (2)
Ears of the Bat, Sense Silver, Spirit of the Fray; (3) Awaken
Beast, Clarity, Heart of Fury; (4) Merciful Blow, Silver
Claws

Rank: 4

Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7

Rites: All

Fetishes: Deathrattler, Storm in a Bottle

Background: You would think that among the Star-
gazers acceptance would bea given — anger and rejection
hold us back from the lessons that we should contem-
plate, right? No, even the Stargazers find metis-birth to
be a sin, to be punished by rejection and hated for the
sins of our parents. Should it not be the parents who pay
the price? Should not the children be forgiven? I left my
home in Denver, preferring to wander alone instead of
tolerating the silent abuse of my loving tribe. When |
came to Mexico City, I smelled the Wyrm in the air
around me. I saw the Wyrm in the faces of the people
who had surrendered their will to live to the places they
were forced to dwell in, and lost the desire to conquer the
odds. Here was a place where I could make a difference.

Ac first I saw only Bone Gnawers, and I was given
companionship for a brief time. Then came the Black
Spiral Dancers. | was defeated and captured as they
attacked the pack I had joined with. The others in my
pack were lucky: they died. I was forced to Dance the
Spiral. I have been accepted as an equal by the Black
Spiral Dancers; to them metis is not a foul word, but an
ccepted part of life. I have learned to understand my

-enemies. | have given my devotion to the Wyrm
and to Harzomatuili.

Image: Three times as ugly as sin. Tispardon is
covered in weeping sores and scabs that she constantly
picks. She has no fur and bears several ritualistic scars.

Roleplaying Notes: Talk later, kill now. Your phi-
losophy on any argument with someone of lower rank is
to bully them and make them fear you.

one

Guardians of the Hive (Generic
Dancers)
Breed: Metis
Auspice: Any
Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

68 The Chaos Factor

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (4/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3 (2/1/1/1), Ap-
pearance 1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4

Gifts: (1) Razor Claws, Resist Pain, Shroud

Rank: 1

Rage 6, Gnosi

Rites: None

5, Willpower 5

Fetishes: None
Roleplaying Notes: See the enemy, kill the enemy.

The Nosferatu
Antitribu

«dear God, what is that thing?
— William Goldman, The Princess Bride

Blister

Sire: Aaron
Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 12

Embrace: 1985

Apparent Age: 23

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0


Mental: Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Streetwise 5
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Politics 2, Occult 4
Virtues: C

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 2, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 2

llousness 5, Instincts 2, Morale 5

Backgrounds: Resources 2, Contacts 3, Allies 3

Haven: The Underbelly

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Re

Willpower 6

Background: I was one of the many people crushed
beneath the weight of falling buildings in the earthquake of
1985. [lay pinned beneath my father's bloating corpse for
almost a week before Aaron found me. By then I had found
sustenance where once I had only found affection. I have
leamed that what I did is acceptable in the Sabbat, and this
pleases me. Aaron fed on me and then he fed me. I have left
the world above, at least until I can be certain that every
one believes me dead. Sometimes, I swear I hear my father
asking me to give him back his leg.

tions 4

Image: Blister is big and blue. She has more cellulite
on her body than the average hippopotamus and more
teeth than three sharks. Blisters cover her body and rupture
at the lightest contact. These blisters drip green puss that
embles the waters of what was Lake Teztcoco

strongly re

Roleplaying Notes: Giggle frequently. Any timesome-
one makes a comment about your looks, do your best to
French kiss the guilty party.

Juan Antonio Lopez de Aguirre —
Skidmark

Siret Joseph Cambridge
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Child
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1964
Apparent Age: 30
Physical:
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0

Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Alertne
, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: None that he can remember.

, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Empathy 3,

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 5, Morale 1

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Fortitude 4, Potence 2, Obfus-
cate 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 3

Haven: Lake Teztcoco

Path of Enlightenment: None

Willpower 2

Background: I wish I knew where I came from; I wish
my head did not hurt. [ wish I was still handsome. I wish I
had neverseen Joseph Cambridge. I remember him feeding
on me after he broke me body. I remember crawling in the
gutters and rivers from Los Angeles to Mexico City, to my
home. I remember finding the other blue people and |
remember them laying me in the sweet waters of the fire
lake. I remember the pain of healing bones, bones that had
been broken for many months. They are my friends; if I
could think well, I would tell them that I love them.
Somehow, I think they already know.

Image: Skidmark isrepugnant. Despite the lake water's
healing powers, his boneshad not been set. Most of his body
has been twisted into shapes that should not be possible.
His head is caved in on one side, and patches of
coated skull gleam through his warty hide. Only one of his
eyes survived the beating he took at the hands of Joseph
Cambridge, but that one eye has managed to grow another
pupil and iris, The socket from his other eye is constantly
leaking raw sewage from his time spent wallowing.

Roleplaying Notes: Grin and drool. When you are
asked what happened somewhere, you recite any conversa-
tion you heard there verbatim, You recite the information
to anyone who will listen.

lichen

Chapter Two: Denizens of Mexico City 69


Julio Martinez
Sire: Petrodon
Nature: Architect (Sepulchre Member)
Demeanor: Martyr

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1437

Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 5, Stamina 7
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 7

Talents: Acting 7 Alertness 5, Brawl 6, Dodge 6,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 6, Leadership 5, Streetwise 7,
Subterfuge 7

Skills: Animal Ken 7, Drive 4, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3,
Melee 7, Music 4, Repair 6, Security 7, Stealth 6, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 6, Camarilla Lore 4, Fi-
nance 6, Investigation 7, Law 2, Linguistics 7, Medicine 4,
Occult 7, Politics 7, Sabbat Lore 3, Science 5

Virtues: Callousness 5, Self-Control Instincts 5,
Morale 4
Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 6, Celerity 4, Dark

Thaumaturgy 6 (Chains of Pleasure 3, Fires of Inferno 5,
Path of Pestilence 5, Path of Phoebos 3, Path of Secret
Knowledge 4, Path of Torture 3) Dominate 7, Fortitude 6,
Presence 7, Potence 7, Obfuscate 7, Obtenebration 3,
Necromancy 5

7) Hellskinned, Bat Ears, Magic Sense
: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Influence 4,

Resources 5, Retainers 5
Haven: The Underbelly
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations: 8
Willpower 10

Background: Do notattempt to tell me of power; | know
power. I have seen power in all of its myriad forms, and I have
learned that power is simply a tool to be used, nota thing to be
worshipped. I used to serve Petrodon, my Sire, my Master, the
Justicar of the Nosferatu. He sent me to M y
what I could of the Sabbat's fledgling capital. I should have
known better than to think that he would play fairly with me.

Twas captured and tortured until m:

spirit was broken.

bat

When the tortures at last ended, I had told th

Nosferatu everything I knew about Petrodon and his present
actions. Atleast they thought I had, Petrodon was there, in my
mind, and experienced every torture inflicted upon me. He
answered every question through his Blood-Bond with me,
and led the Nosferatu Antitribu into a trap that resulted in
their Final Deaths

He left me behind to rule in their steads I have long since
Diable:
accomplished his mission, and the distance between the
Regnant and Thrall has long since destroyed the Bond. I still
remember the tortures Petrodon left me to suffer, and I have
been converted to the Sabbat's beliefs for some time. Perhap
Iwould have been killed, but I went to Melinda Galbraith, the
regent of Mexico, and I explained all that had transpired.
gave herall of the information I had, and that was substantial.

d everyone who stood in my way. Petrodon had

She has kept my presence hidden from her followers, and | in
tum listen towhat they have tosayand to what their plansare.
Several people have died for speaking aloud of replaci
Melinda. I have made certain of that.

Image: Julio is gaunt, remarkably thin for so powerful a

figure. Patches of white hair grow from the warts on his body
and even from his eyes. Hi nd
histeeth are almost black. Hisskin hasa very trong green cast.

Roleplaying Notes: You work best through negotia-
tions. The only knowledge given for free is the know
that will ingratiate you

in isas coarse as sandpaper,

th someone of power.


Me

Aaron Bathurst ~ Tequila Willpower 6

Background: I came down to Mexico City from San
Diego to escape a few minor altercations with the law
murder, rape and grand theft auto... Naturally, I was inno-
cent. After a few weeks I got a job working as a taxi driver.
I was making decent tips because I spoke English. Don
Carlos got the idea of Embracing me when he took my cab

Sire: Don Carlos
Natu

Demeanor: Bravo

+: Survivor

Generation: 11
Embrace: 1945

Apparent Age: 30 home early one morning. As I regaled him with tales of the

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3 people I met at the airport, Don Carlos listened and
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2 learned.

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4 Don Carlos purchased a limosine for me just after he

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, _ Embraced me, and had a Tzimisce who owed him a favor

Empathy 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4
Animal Ken 4, Drive 4, Firearms 5, Melee 4,

alter my features to look human. I must wear makeup, but
a lot from the minor dignitaries and the
famous as | drive them through town. I have a reputation
for being a good listener, and for being discreet enough to
keep my mouth shut. What they don't know won't kill me.

I have learned

Survival 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Investigation 4, Area
Knowledge (Mexico City) 5

Virtu

Image: A stocky handsome man in his thirties. Aaron
is bald and wears a chauffeur's ¢
face tends to shine from the grease paint used to hide his
skin color.

Callousness 3, Instincts 3, Morale 2

p wherever he goes. His

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Fortitude 4,

3, Obfuscate 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Allies 3
Hay

Path of Enlightenme

Por

Roleplaying Notes: Be friendly, make idle chit-chat
Jean as much information as you can. Never get pushy
hey get pushy first

His armored garage.

and

Path of Evil Revelations 6 unl



4: Fe'snotthe "nice" guys who bring about real
R29 social change. Nice" gu s look fie because
% the're conforming. It's the "bad" guys, who
only look nice a hundred years later, that are

the'real Dynamic force in'social evolution.
— Robert M. Pirsig, Lila



Could think of winning

What kind of rule
Can

If war were a game that a man or a child

throw a fool

And leave the land with no stain

— Suzanne Vega, "Song of Sand"

The Chaos Factor is a crossover adven.
ture for Mage, Werewolf and Vampire. The
story may include any combination of char-
acters; special sections at the end of each
chapter present suggestions for charctercom-
binations and explain general relatio

among the various factions. Appendix

pernatural beings.

Reference

"The Chaos Factor" continues and concludes the story
Samuel Haight, the Garou Skinner and murderer of the
mbey Farm Chantry's World Samuel Haight has
been seen previously in The Valkenburg Foundation, The
Storyteller's Handbook to the Sabbat, Rage Across the
Amazon, The Book of Chantries, White Wolf Magazine

#40, New Orleans by Night and When Will You Rage?
Needless to say, he gets around. If you do not have any or

all of the aforementioned, don't worry; all of the informa-
tion about Haight needed to run "The Chaos Factor" can
be found within this book

Several books, while not necessary, will make the
Storyteller's role easier and add flavor to the Story. If the
ing to be used as a crossover event, the following
supplements all hold useful information:

Story is

For vampires: Vampire: The Masquerade; The Vam-
pire Player's Guide Second Edition; The Player's Guide
to the Sabbat; The Storyteller's Handbook of the Sabbat;
A World of Darkness.

For werewolves: Werewolf: The Apocalypse; The
Werewolf Players Guide; The Book of the Wyrm; Caerns:
Places of Power; A World of Darkness

For mages: Mage: The Ascension; The Book of
Chantries; The Book of Shadows; The Book of Madne:
A World of Darkness.

Introduction


i nay

F

The Story

The Plot: "The Chaos Factor" takes
place over several days and nights, and a
complete chronological calendar of events is

thes
ft included for ease of use. Due to the time

MH isnits placed on player characters and the

4ceg ways in which various factions are likely to
gH respond to Haight' actions, any number of

things may happen. You will likely be refer-
! ring to the Events Calendar regularly.

The Basic Plot

The final tale of Samuel Haight breaks down into two
parts: Chapter One involves the search for Haight and the
beginning of the war in Mexico City. Chapter Two details
the final stage of the chase and the last confrontation.

Chapter One: Trail of
Blood

Part One: Countdown to

Extinction

Days One and Two of the Days of the Dead — Day
of the Orphaned Souls, Day of the Unpardoned Souls.

Samuel Haight reaches Mexico City, intent on locat-
ing and awakening what he mistakenly believes to be an

Warnin
"The Chaos Factor" can be exceedingly deadly. Fools
ish characters won't last through the first night. Players
must be clever and careful to survive until the-story's
conclusion.
Storytellers, on the other hand, must be both generous
and fait. While stupidity-should be rewarded by a quick

death, ingenuity ought to be worth an even break. "The

Chaos Factor" isnot "Grimtooth's Traps;". your Troupe

,- should feel-endangered birt not hopeless.

Some sort of healing'dispensation should be offered:
your characters-will need it. One or more characters with
Gifes, objects or effects that heal ageravated damage are
essential. Many. of the Storyteller bhafacgers have items
that can assist the Troupe, provided playeRean acquire
them somehow: Sudden intervention by outside Baggies —
ghosts, friendly Garou; Paradox Spirits coming aftek the
ather guy e
doesn't become dependent on mitacle.saviors, Flipping

‘between frying pan and fire and back agaittis good for the
appetite: p

Reality goes Raywire during the Mexican war; let
drama, suspense and good judgment rule the day.

=: is also. good idea, provided that your Troupe™==

:

)

Antediluvian vampire. As usual, Haight brings several
agents and employs them in random attacks to spur the
Awakened of Mexico City into furor. The Skinner tracks
down and locates the false Haven of the Methuselah, deep
within the bowels of the Underbelly of the Wyrm, while
chaos builds in the city. Opportunities for introducing the
player characters are presented, if they do not already live
in Mexico City. Additionally, a section at the end covers
what happens in the city if the player characters do not
become involved.

The Troupe arrives too late. By the time they reach the
Methuselah's false lair, Samuel Haightis gone. Clues leftin
the area tell the Troupe where Haight has gone, and could
allow them to build a trap for the Skinner's return. Events
in Mexico City grow more desperate; the Troupe is intro-
duced to several potential allies; should they trust them, or
will the allies betray them to Haight, or something even
worse?

Part Two: Vacation

Day Three of the Days of the Dead — Day of the
Dead Children

Samuel Haight journeys to Jordan, tracking his trail of
clues to Petra and encountering and escaping the powerful
forces that control the area. Does the Troupe dare to
follow? Ifso, will they survive? Complications and conflicts
will arise as the players run a gauntlet of vampiric enemies
and the sinister leader of Petra, Talaq, along with his
minions in the Mossad.

Evidence comes to light that several factions in the
World of Darkness want to protect Haight. Who are they
and why do they want to help him?

Chapter Two: Treasure
of Tears

Part Three: Chaos Squared

Day Four of the Days of the Dead — Day of
Welcoming the Adults

Samuel Haight returns to Mexico City, determined to
gain vengeance on the ones responsible for misleading him
The Wraiths in Mexico City are upset. In the Gloom,
things have been stirred that should not be stirred; the
angry dead seek vengeance as well. The Sabbat, the Tech-
nocracy and the other ruling factions in Mexico City must
deal with the players, the dead, and each other. The Troupe
must deal with all of the offended parties, while the Garou

gather for a Moot in preparation for the Rite of the Dead in
the heart of the city. What will the Troupe do? Mages from
the Euthanatos Tradition, Uktenaand Bone Gnawer Garou,


the Samedi and Giovanni Kindred enter the city to perform
ful Rites, and a surprise visit from the Marauders

wreaks havoc on the city.

Part Four: Chaos Cubed

The Day Five of the Days of the Dead — the
Exorcism of the Dead.

Samuel Haight has left the city, intent on finding and
awakening the ancient vampire. Did the characters arrive
before him? Will they arrive too late to stop him? Will the
Kindred want to Diablerize one of the most powerful
Kindred in the World of Darkness? The truth about
Huitzilopoctliis at last revealed. What will be the final fate
nuel Haight?

Prelude:
Getting the
Characters

involved

Mages

Samuel Haightisamenace to the Awak-

ened; he has made that point clear on at least
muel Haight did
not learn the secrets of True Magic
stole them. He stole them from El Dorado,
and hestole them from the Crombey Chantry
Anyone with ties to the Dreamspeakers or
the Verbena will want his head on a platter
ifonly for the sake of revenge. The fact thathe is unpredict-
able and a very obvious threat to the Awakened should be
enough to force any mage's hand; what if their Chantry is
next?

two separate occasions. $

—he

The Technocracy disapproves of Samuel Haight. He is
awild, untamed threat to all that they stand for. While he
has managed on several previous occasions to beat all of the
odds and cause irreparable harm to the Traditions — not a
bad thing in and of itself —he has also managed to literally
steal a Node. What's to stop him from trying to attack a
Technocracy Node? The New World Order has a small
dossier on Haight, compiled mostly of rumors and innu-
endo. Ifthe statements in the filesare true, the madman has
a following among the Masse Awakened
some as Garou. The laws of the Pogrom have been broken,
and Haight goes unpunished. For the common good, Haight
must go. If possible, he should be captured and studied, and
possibly converted. The catch, naturally, is finding him
Haight has an annoying habit of disappearing at the worst
possible times.

and has ev


RR er

=
a

several variables to consider while getting the characters in-

Relationships of the Awakened

"The Chaos Factor" allows for various'factions to join
together in.afight tothe finish against Samuel Haight. There are

volved in the story, not the least of which is how the characters
will react to one another.

The World of Darkness as a whole already has several
examples of how the various factions can work together, but the
Storytellershouldrememberthatmanysupematuralsknow little
or nothing about their counterparts in the World of Darkness.
Those who do know something about the other factions of
supematurals often know just enough to get themselves in 42g
trouble; more often than nor, the information they have about. §
other entities is incorrect.

Garowand Mage Relations: The BlackFuries,the Verbena
and the Dreamspeakers have worked well together in the past.
‘There is no reason that they cannot work well together now.
Dreamspeaker mages seem to get along well with most Garou,
and often times have been willing to come to their aid. Bone
Gnawers sometimes get along with Hollow Ones, as evidenced
in The Book of Chantries, :

Garouand Kindred Relations: Garouand Kindred donot
getalong. The Gangrel Clan isa rare exception, buteven when
the Gangrel and werewolves do get along, the relationship is
usvally strained. Recent times have been even worse, as evir
dencedby the bloody war for Chicago. Occasionally, the Sabbat
Kindred and the Black Spiral Dancers manage to formalliances,
but they seldom hold together wel.
Mage and Kindred Relations: Most mages and Kindred
tendto ignore cach other, buttheirinfrequentrelationshipshold
together betterthan most Garouand Kindredalliances. Many of
the Technocracy, ironically enough, share the Kindred!' goal
oth groups want the cities to increase in size and both want the
Sleepers to mind their own business, albeit for entirely different
reasons. However, these two factions of the World of Darkness

work well together. The Technocracy views vampires as
pa that should be exterminated. The Kincked view
‘mages as fools playing with forces they cannot hope to
hend.
Political power plays are common forall three groups, even
among their own kind, In many cases the goals of one group are
inaccordance with the desiresofother groups, butthatlends very."
litle wo any attemprs at solidarity. More often the belief and "4
motivations ofthe different groupsconflict. A Red Talon Garou
isnot likely toagree with Sabbat expansion beliefs, nor with the
philosophies of the Technocracy in general. Their ideals are set
too far apart to make for easy alliance. The Traditions and
Tremere havea longstanding feud, and that feud will definitely: %
et in the way of their working together. The various pitfalls in
a relationship might be putaside fora bref time, bucseldom for
Jong. Asoften as nor, long-time enemies are likely to wait fora
excuse to remove obstacles from their long term path, perma-
nently if possible.
Allofthisshould be kee in mind when invoducing the
Troupe to "The Chaos Factor."

Kindred

Ironically, the vampires have no harsh feelings towards

Samuel Haight. He helped the Sabbat in their battle to stop
a demon from making his home in their city (see The
Storyteller's Guide to the Sabbat),andhe aided the Camarila
in breaking up a Kindred slavery ring (see New Orleans by
Night). Most Kindred tend to think of Haight as an ally ifnot
a friend; he has decreased the Lupine population, and warned
the vampires in their times of need. He has, in short, made the
world aslightly safer place for the Kindred asa whole with his
actions. Why should they want to stop him?

Haightisan interesting character. However, whilehe has
proven usefl in the past, he could just as easily be a threat. He
seems to know too much about the Kindred for safety, buthe
has yet to use that knowledge for personal gain. There are
several rumors thathe haskilled and feasted on Kindred in the
past, but there is certainly no proof. No one has been able to
Blood-Bondhimas yet, andhe hashelped both the Sabbatand
the Camarilla; there is the possibility that he is working for
another faction of the Kindred, a worry that should not be
ignored. What if he should make a bargain with the mages,
many of whom would like to see the Kindred removed? How
much knowledge is safe in the hands of a stranger?

If the rumors are true, he has plans to awaken the
Antediluvians, or at the very least to steal their Vitae. Awak-
ening the Antediluvians must not be allowed, and if anyone
is to have their blood, shouldn't it be the Childer?

Garou

Samuel Haight seems indestructible. He has been
defeated in combat and ripped limb from limb before the
very eyes of the Garou, yet he keeps returning. This vile,
Wyrm-ridden false Garou must be stopped at all costs! He
knows the strengths and weaknesses of the Garou as only a
Kinfolk can, and he has slaughtered too many of Gaia's
chosen warriors. How can he be allowed to live? He
consorts with Leeches and with Black Spiral Dancers, and
he shows himself to be the enemy of Gaia's warriors with his
every action, It is imperative that he be stopped before his
twisted plans to make more like himself can reach fruition!
He continues to take the skins of his enemies, possibly to
create more like himself. Must the Garou be afraid when-
ever they meet a strange Garou? Must they fear even their
own Kinfolk in these final days?

Samuel Haight was Kinfolk before he became Garou,
and this is the ultimate insult. The Skinner has vowed to
create still more Skin-Dancers, using the skins of dead
Garou as a catalyst in other Kinfolk's First Change. Many
werewolves look back on how they have treated their Kin
and wonder if a threatening gesture is all that is needed for
a neglected family member to join Haight in his mad
schemes. In many cases, these unvoiced worries are coming
too late.

Haight must be destroyed at all costs. He is the Wyrm
in wolfs clothing.


Early Signs of the Storm:

In the heart of every stranger
Here he comes, look out
Teach the world a lesson
A Here he comes, look out
— Faith No More, "Crack Hitler"

& Garou Prelude

There were seven of them in all, sitting
around the dying embers of the Moot's fire.
The air was chilly, but the fur on their bodies kept them
warm. Elated from the celebrations, exhausted by the danc-
ing, the Garou sat in silence for several minutes, enjoying the
quiet of the night and reveling in Luna's beauty

Segrid-Sings-Off-Key, the Fianna, spoke first: "They're
saying the Skinner' still alive." His voice was rich, full of the
gusto for life that only the Ragabash ever really seem to
appreciate. Still, the words were solemn. "I heard he took
out a whole group of witches in Kansas. Killed a few of them
and stole the power from the rest."

Some of the younger Garou made noises, tried to shrug
off the rumors. Old Sawbones actually shivered where she
sat. "I heard from an old friend of mine in San Francisco,
Beatnik, that he found skinned bodies in an old station
wagon. He didn't know if the Skinner was responsible, but
says that the car stank of Black Spiral Dancers." She spat
into the fire, watched the spittle rise as steam and continued.
"Last thing anyone needs is the Dancers learning from
Haight."

One of the pups, not even named yet, spoke up. He
sounded like he was just telling ghost stories at the campfire:
"Theard about a caern in Texas, not far from San Antonio.
Theard it was abandoned, but the smell of Garou blood was
in the air and the words SAMUEL HAIGHT WAS HERE
were carved into the skinless corpses of the Elders." He
looked ready to continue, until he saw the faces around him.
None of the others looked like they found the idea amusing.
For all they knew, the rumors were true.

One by one, they told the stories they'd heard; some
were preposterous, almost certainly having nothing to do
with Samuel Haight, but still the tales were told, still the fear
built. He'd been killed before, but he'd come back. How
could anyone know for certain that Haight wasn't alive? In
Alaska, the skinning of several Garou had occurred —
simultaneously, dozens of wolves were being slaughtered by
the humans. Could Haight be responsible? In Los Angeles the
recent earthquake allegedly uncovered the skinned remains of
over 20 Garou. In Ontario, Garou were disappearing, and in
Russia the werewolves talked of still more mysterious deaths.

Even if he was dead, the Skinner's name was used too
frequently. Finally, the Wendigo spoke. Leaps-To-The

Clouds spoke juse above a whisper, as he had ever since his
throat had been torn out. "I hear that Samuel Haight is on his
way to Mexico City, getting ready to join with the Leeches
and bring down the Garou once and for all..."

The pack is at their caern when the word comes from
the Pure Heart Sept that Samuel Haight has recently
been sighted in Arizona. John Black Horse, a Kinfolk of
the Wendigo, claims to have met a man calling himself
Samuel Haight. He further claims that the man offered
hima chance to become Garou. The Sept of the Painted
Sands attempted to locate the man, but with no success.
Black Horse also claims that Haight was on his way to
Mexico City, to "find a powerful ally and stir the waters
of discontent." Some find it strange that Black Horse
would bother to warn his Kinfolk, as they have never
been close. Others, especially at the Pure Heart Sept,
believe that this simply proves the case; Haight is look-
ing to make more like himself from the disgruntled
Kinfolk.

Talking with Black Horse proves difficult; he was
found dismembered only hours after he made his phone
call to Ann Susan Black Horse, his sister. No one at the
sept has met with Haight before, but a strange Garou's
scent was on Black Horse's body, and the taint of the
Wyrm was strongly mingled with that scent.

The Elders of the pack's caern are likely to pass the
news, especially if the pack members are Wendigo or
have battled Haight before. If the pack has met the
Skinner before and opts to examine the evidence re-
maining — John Black Horse's corpse — they will
indeed find the scent of Samuel Haight on the body. For
the first time, Garou have advanced warning of where
Haight is likely to show himself. A chance like this may

never come again.

However, Mexico City has few Garou, and most of
the werewolves there are minions of the Wyrm. The
entire city is overflowing with Leeches, and there are no
true septs to be found in the city. The trip is likely to be
a long one. Any attempts to open an Attack Moon-
Bridge, or even a Wild Moon-Bridge to Mexico City,
will land the pack in the very heart of the Underbelly of
the Wyrm, the only location in the entire region with
Moon-Bridge access. Any Garou landing in the Under-
belly of the Wyrm may rest in peace. The Garou do not
even know that the Underbelly exists, and aren't pre-
pared for what they may come up against.

Introduction 19


A Prelude for Mages:

"I hear it was a werewolf that took out
Farm. Does anyone know if that's true?" The
out sounding too casual, happy in a nasty way. The rest of
the cabal looked at Trina as if she'd lost her mind. They were
sitting in a small cafe, eating choices from the large menu and
sipping at their preferred coffee blends. Three of the cabal put
their hands over their eyes, massaging the painful headaches
they knew would be on them in only seconds

Grimm looked the young Euthanatos in the face and
scalded her with his eyes. "Smooth, real subtle. Hope you've
already picked where you want your body buried this time."

"Yes, child. I's true." The voice coming from behind Tri
was cold, brittle with repressed anger. She tumed quickly and
backed away even faster. Allaister Crombey stepped towards
her, his face a pale mask, expressionless. Then he smiled, a thin,
nasty smile, and Trina wished she could just disappear. Trina
sensed the sheer power that the man could wield, practically felt
his anger as a physical thing. "He ‘took out' my ancestral
Chantry, and he killed my wife, and he raped the
World Tree of its power." The
crimson, but the smile was there. The hoary chill still echoed in
"Ifit's all the same to you, however, I'd rather that be
kept quiet." His voice lowered by several octaves. "I'd rather not
let Samuel Haight know that there's a bounty for bringing him
tome, dead or alive."

Shantry's

age he felt colored his face

his voi

The Awakened have their own reasons for wanting
Haight dead or, in the case of the Technocracy, captured
and studied. Haight has made many enemies among the
mages and has done little to make allies. The level of
Paradox that Haight is likely to achieve if he is left to his
own devices could prove detrimental to the health of

anyone around him, and again, he has already destroyed
one Node.

Rumors start coming in that a small Chantry of Or
phanshasbeen destroyed in Carmel, California, by unknown
forces. There is no solid proof available that Samuel Haight
is responsible, but the small Nod
is gone, and the Technocracy has different methods for

e that once existed there

handling Nodes and Chantries
The characters may have known one or more of the
Orphans, or might simply want to know what is killing
mages. If they are actively pursuing Haight for what hap-
pened to the Crombeys, or to the Dreamspeaker El Dorado,
they could hear of the attack on the Orphan Chantry
There was a total of four Orphans in the Chantry, and they
traveled extensively, performing in their own band, the
Bottomless Pit. From time to time they even played at Goth
bars around the country, especially on the west coast.

Their names were Sandi Calloway, Brit Langley, Jase
Fredericks and Tony Cruise. The remains of their bodies
were found in the basementof the burned out house. jason's


tortured soul can be heard screaming in pain; his lingering
death has driven him insane. Those who visit the site and
can communicate with the dead could gather positive
identification of Samuel Haight (Spirit 2 and Mind 3, plus
a Manipulation + Enigmas roll, difficulty 7)

The Technocracy will attempt to gather information
aswell. The only solid information available, via telephone
communications records, is that the culprit is on his way to
Mexico City and apparently meeting a good two dozen
people there. The people who were called from this resi-
dence in the last two weeks have since moved on. The only
exception is Diane White in San Francisco California, and
she has no idea where Samuel Haight is, though she will
profess to knowing him. Use of the proper Spheres makes
discovering the truth much easier, but could also lead to
trouble, A trio of Men in Black approach the characters
shortly after the Troupe arrives. They are aware of the
incident and will do their best to apprehend or destroy the
characters if the players start sifting through the ruins too
much. The Technocracy is very interested in discovering
what caused the explosion.

A Vampire Prelude:

"Any of you know Samuel Haight? Yeah? Well, listen:
I've heard he's going down to Mexico City. I hear he knows
where an Antediluvian is resting. No, he ain't gonna kill the
Ancient, he's gonna make friends with it. No, I'm serious
He says he wants to get some of its blood, just so he can stay
young. No, he doesn't want the Embrace, says it could kill
him, on account of his being a Lupine. Yeah, but he's still
okay in my book. Hey, anyone that kills werewolves is okay
in my book

"Well, the deal's like this: he wants help on the way. He
wants someone to cover his ass while he's doing all the dirty
work. So who's to say we have to let him have all the fun?
Me? Well, let's just say I'm not above a little late-night
snack, Hell yes, I'll join him."

Sabbat player characters have it easy; Haight is
entering Sabbat territory and knows enough about the
Sabbat to understand that Kindred tend to move from
place to place. He would not be surprised by any member
of the Sabbat being found in the area.

There is a very real chance that any Kindred who
has met with Samuel Haight before remembers him
fondly. The same can be said in reverse. While it is not
the recommended method for getting the players in-
volved, Haight might offer them a chance to assist him
in locating what he believes to be an Antediluvian.
Haight only makes this offer to Kindred who have
actually performed Diablerie in front of him

Haight recognizes the boundaries between the Sabbat
and the Camarilla, a thought that makes many vampires
leery. He is ignorant of the Anarch Freestates, and will
only respond to Kindred of the Sabbat while in their
territory. Camarilla players could well be invited along

f
x x e " =|
_ Timeline of "The Chaos Factor 4
t October 2nd: |
Samuel Haight encounters and kills the inhabitants Séaemall Orphan Chantry in: Carmel, Californias :)
§ ‘The energies from the Node are absorbed into Haight's staffover the next three days All attemptsto, 4
. gaze into the futute fail, asa result of furure Paradox.
} October 7th: és )
¢ Haight destroys the Orphan Chantry's physical location:
October 9th: ; 4
E Haight encounters John Black Horse near the Sept of the Painted Sands in Arizona. Haight Offers thes
Fa Cinfall the powers of a Garou. Black Horse declines.
$ October 10th:
é Haight kills Black Horse after Black Horse reports (0 his cousin, a Garou'at the sept- -
5 October 27th: : &
§ Haight'entérs Mexico Cit Sy
j October 28th: (The First Day of the Dead) as E
Explosighs rock the city-at 12:01 PM. Several Kindred ate Rearly destroyed in the Fesulting fires, and
iraffic is stopped for hours. The police forces in Mexico:City begin investigating the explosions:
&__/ Aniong the: foreesvare several Mersin Black-and several HIT Marks:: Paranoia: stirs among the
ys supernaturals of Mexico City. ge
f Gataber 2ath: (The Second Day of the Dead) wt,
\ Haight enters the Underbelly of the Wyrm. «rhe Minions of Paiidemonium are outraged by the invasion
F of their secret domain. * "Nabe.
} October 30th: (The Third Day of the Dead) z
fan, Whilethere, he encounters several strange mages WhO - A

Haight leaves Mexico City, co-locating to Jord
firstrhe mages oFAl Duraby =

Tead'itmn of his way to Paraiso.Vista. The-Froupe,
we chen he forces of Retfay @ powerful, militaristic ci
October 3 1st: (The Fourth Day of the Dead/Halloween)

ifthey follow, enicounter
ty that hides a terrifying secret

ernaturals in Mexico

purgeofall'Sup

{ Sarnuel Haight returns to Mexico City. The Technocracy calls fora
q City. Chaos explatiesas Sabbat and Techrtecracy ascemest in-combat. The Dead riseto defendthelr
dthe Garouware caught-in the middle. Kindred, Tradition mages and

farnilies from both-groups, an
Garou come to the'clty from various pol
November Ist: (The Fifth day of the Dead/All Saint's Day)
aeeat-in Mexico City continues a& the Garou of Mexico City perform the Rite of she Dead, ripping
gabbat population increases three-

the wraiths in Mexico City away from the world of thelivingsThe S
fold. The Garou of M <ico flee for their lives: The Technocraey calls in reinforcements. Samuel Haight,

arrives in Paraiso Vista and awakens Huitzilopoctli, a very old and very powerful Kindred. The Troupe
¥ attempts to stop Haight anid they-meet in final blosdy,combat.
November 2nd: Aftermath- ™
E The war in Mexico City tages on, and the onlyclearv Jwithall chat
has happened, and fiust-prepare for whats next

the world for their own reasons

Svaround

es

iGoris Pentex. The Troupe fhustdeal


towreak havoc, especially if they are gullible enough to
do favors for Haight.

While Haight has no true arguments with the Kin-
dred, he certainly does not trust them. In his eyes, the
only use for a vampire is as a source of Vitae to remain
young and healthy. Haight's first run in with a Kindred
began when one socked him in the back of the head and
drained part of his blood away. Haight spent a few years
as a witch-hunter before returning to his favorite prey,
the Garou.

There is the possibility that a Kindred or two from
Europe or Asia might well remember Samuel Haight less
than fondly. Most Kindred are as likely to side with
Haight as they are to side against him. Haight has done
a few Kindred favors, and he has even been known to
purchase Vitae at a reasonable price when in need of a
quick fix. Haight is addicted to Kindred blood. Without
it he could expect to age a good decade or more. The
Skinner always has a supply available.

Haight has never feared the Kindred. He likely
never will. Kindred, like the other supernaturals, are

merely pawns to be used and discarded. Haight is also
wise enough to know which ones are likely to betray
him.

Kindred from New Orleans likely have the best
knowledge of where Haight can be found, but there
might be a Gangrel or two out there that has taken the
Skinner's killing of Garou personally. Any Kindred
could ingratiate herself to Haight simply by volunteer-
ing to assist him in his actions, but he is not likely to trust
a vampire he does not know. If the Kindred know any
other supernaturals, especially Bone Gnawers, Orphans
or Verbena, they could easily hear about Haight's plans
through the grapevine.

Whatever the type of character, no one is likely to
find the idea of Haight going to Mexico City — and

possibly going after an Antediluvian — very comforting
Haight should at least be watched by the Kindred as much as
possible.

One way on another, your Troupe should find their way
into Mexico City just as the fun star

The Days of the Dead

fe A] Timeline for
"aa October 28th

12:00 AM through 11:00 AM: The
\) Troupe arrives in Mexico City.

12:01 PM: Buildings all over the city
explode. Fires burn out of control and traf-
fic is brought to a complete stop in most
parts of the city.

12:15: PM: The Technocracy's forces are brought
into play to discover the source of these explosions. The

[>

Garou are believed responsible. An "unofficial" form of
martial law is imposed during the state of emergency.
5:30 PM: Several explosions destroy all of the
major power plants in Mexico City. The entire city is in
a blackout.
5 PM: The Kindred of Mexico City awaken;
many believe that the bombs were meant for them. They
are not happy. Pentex begins their own investigations,
suspecting Monkeywrenchers.
The night begins...

Introduction 83



Chapter One:

Trail of Blood

Fear not for your souls

For hate and power

Sing the song of immortality

The Dead Angel has come

Behold darkness and sorrow

In this empire

Liers in Wait, "Empire"

The first chapter of Samuel Haight's descent begins
roupe's arrival in Mexico City. Thanks to
Haight, the city is quickly in an uproar. From this point,

with the

the Troupe becomes caught in a race against time, with
a thousand obstacles between themselves and their
quarry

Part One: Countdown fo Extinction

War, children,
It's just a shot away,

It's just a shot away.

— Rolling Stones, "Gimme Shelter"
Day One: From his first moment in
Mexico City, Haight's only goal is to locate
the Methuselah called Huitzilopoctli. He
believes the ancient Kindred is asleep within
the ruins of an Aztec pyramid, as all
evidence leads to a powerful source that controls the city

of his

He's also a little worried about the idea of waking the
powerful creature, but his desire for immortality has long
since won over his fear. The longer he lives, the more
Garou die; that is all that really matters. Samuel Haight is
a man with a mission, and he is very determined

Haight k
Technocracy and the Garou of Mexico City are guaranteed
to oppose to his plans, and relationships between Haight
and his previous employers, Pentex, are strained at best.

ows that the odds are against him: the

Haight decides to even the odds by keeping every possible

enemy busy looking at each other rather than at him.


The Diversion

Haight has several people in town with him, all of
whom he has given special orders, and all of whom are more
than glad to oblige the madman. Early in the morning of
October 27, the minions of Samuel Haight plantexplosives
in a dozen separate sections of the city. At exactly 12:01
PM., October 28, the explosions rock the city. The Main
Railway Station, the Monumento a la Revolucion, the
Diego Rivera Museum, the Santo Tomas de Villanueva —
Cortes Hotel — and the Templo de La S
targeted for the bomt
Kindred in Mexico City. While none of the explosions
cause irreparable damage, they certainly catch the atten-
ico City

The city goes little crazy. After the recent attacks in
southern Mexico and the threats of future violenc
Sleepers in the city are terrified. The worried Sabbat are
looking for the responsible parties. Few mortals are actually
injured in the explosions, but rumors that hundreds are
dead spread through the city. The already incredible traffic
problems in Mexico City are made worse by emergency
vehicles blocking almost every major thoroughfare as the
second wave of Haight's plan goes i
parts of the city, and even from pay phones in the United
States, the police in Mexico City
tactics teams led by Men in Black — are alerted to other
spots where bombs are supposedly placed.

‘isma, are all

, as are a dozen Havens of the

tion of the supernaturals in M

the

action. From several

including special

The Chaos Factor

86

Blackout

The fin when the major power plants
for Mexico ed, blown apart by the real
bombs, As the sun sets, the Kindred awaken. The Sleepers
of Mex and the Kindred are
seeking retribution from any and all possible attackers. The
Bone Gnawers of the Sweet Water Sept engage in combat
throughout the night, fighting off the Sabbat and dodging
the Men in Black and HIT Marks that are released into the
streets as riot control forces.

insult com

‘ity are sabote

ico City are in an uproar,

From the graveyards and haunts, the wraiths of the
Orphaned Souls rise from Mictlan to gather their tribute in
food and drink. Seeing the chaos that sweeps the city and
the lack of tribute, the ghosts become enraged. Adding to
the chaos, some wraiths seek to protect Sleepers whom they
knew in life from the Kindred, the Technoeracy and the
Garou.

While the battles rage, Samuel Haight quietly slips
into what should be Huitzilopoctil's Haven, only to find
d

way to the Wyrm's Underbelly and makes note of it,
planning to return the following morning with reinforce-
ments

it has apparently been abandoned. He finds a passage-

everal enemies at

The Troupe could well encounter
the Storyteller's discretion. The trick here is to provide
excitement without causing your Troupe serious damage.
The tale has only begun


* HIT Mark troops are on the streets, looking for
trouble and especially for supernaturals. Iteration X wants
the violence stopped before it can spread, and will certainly
hunt down any unknowns in town, or any obvious
supernaturals in sight. The Men in Black are attempting to
investigate the explosions. These Men in Black will shoot
first and ask questions later, should any of the characters
rub them the wrong way.

* The Sabbat is furious. Someone, possibly Camarilla
infiltrators, attempted to destroy their Havens while they
were sleeping. Any unknown Kindred, Garou or mage is
fair game.

* The Sweet Water Sept is not looking for trouble, but
with the sort of night they're having, the sept is likely to
attack anyone who comes too close without expressing a
desire to talk. The obvious exception here are Garou who
donot attack them immediately. These werewolves are the
Troupe's best hope; they know the city and can provide
some guidance in return for a little help. They have their
own problems, however, and will not join the Troupe oract
as cannon-fodder for them.

* Pentex is not sure just who has been blowing up the
city, but they intend to make certain that they are not
targeted. Several First Teams will be out and about near all
Pentex buildings, ready to do battle with any and all
potential enemies.

* Finally, there is the serious risk that the angry dead
will look upon the Troupe and decide that they are to
blame.

Timeline for October 29

Early Morning Hours, October 29: The Troupe
possibly encounters the Sweet Water Sept, learning from
Wanderer just where Haight is expected to show himself.
Haight does show up, but early warnings from his assistants
allow him to escape.

6:00 AM through 7:00 PM: The Technocracy's
examination of the bomb sites lead them to believe that
Tradition mages might be responsible for the explosions.
The Kindred sleep in their Havens, fitfully at best. The
Garou search in vain for Samuel Haight, who now enters
the Underbelly of the Wyrm.

7:30 PM: The Troupe follows Samuel Haight into the
Wyrmhole.

The Scene for Mages:

Half an hour in the city and already everything was going
straight to Hell. The air was thick with smoke from several fires
that the locals still hadn'e managed to contain, and the wraiths
were bellowing enough to... well, enough to wake the dead. The

howls of Garou could be heard in the distance, andas the sun had
jseset, it was inevitable that the damned vampires would want
a piece of flesh for the damage done while they were sleeping.
Grimm looked over to his left; Trina was looking away from

him, her motions nervous and jerky. She turned back to face him
and her face was pale. "We've got company."

Grimm looked over her shoulder just as the HIT Marks
came into view. Their stony expressions matched his own; the
only difference was, that there were more sour looks aimed at
him than he could return. Five of the bastards. Running looked
like the best option.

Tradition mages and Orphans who come to Mexico
City are likely chasing after the man responsible for slaugh-
tering their own kind. Most of the mages will know at least
a little about the Technocracy's stranglehold on Mexico
City and most will use caution, the only wise option when
in enemy territory. However, caution may do the mages

sahil

bei

t fis lowing wraiths Dee sinong ee i
ase. Many of thé wraiths ‘si 5

nipEeS i allis well. Many others do nitich.

The First Day of the Dead: The Day of tlie Orphaned
see Daysof the Deadare a blending of Catholic beliefs
and Aztec beliefs. The Catholic missionaries interwove
their own concepts | of All Hallow's Eve and AltSaint' : suf
(which had evolved from earlier pagan holidays) ai ‘ :
already powerfl beliefsin Mictlan, the land of the ded,
and Mictlantecuhti, the Aztec god Of the dea . he
Catholic missionaries altered their own beliefs enous is

make chem palatable to the Aztec peoples; task that roo]
effect, Ovet a few years' time, saints and

gods of the Aztecs in Mictlan, and the
vecepted thé change as easily as the
masses accept having to pay taxes: While the Days of the
Dead evolved separately from the celebration of Hallow:
en, two have merged to-avery largeextent in Mexico.

surprisingly little
demons joined th
natives of Mexico accepte

Turing the Days of the Dead; the fabric, of reality

athe realms of the livingand the realms Of the dead

he living world
theif

Tow
families, ascertaining that : ;
more. The Days of the Dead are also a,time for retribution

against those who have wronged the dead, and a Marts
‘avenge slights against thé wraiths' living relatives. Mies
was originally only a time to-celebrate the niGnognel the
dead became a time to fear the dead andsto.de Coe
well. Ridicule and tribae, along with prayer and feasting
are all apart of the Days of the Dead:
The first Day of the Dead is a time to serene! f
"Orphaned Dead; those with nofamily, saxtguembért eee
pay tribute to thems Most famili€®in Mexico will set food

and drink outside of their-homesfor the Orphaned; in ths
: not uagommon to gather food

Yocal church in the hopes that

he

"smaller communtties itis 1
from séveral families at the
the Orphaned will not come int
welcome. When the night is ov'

* should réttimn to Mictlan, appeased
rally, this is not always the case-

‘o homes where they aré not
er, the Orphaned Dead
{for another year. Natu-

Be


little good if they show up after noon on October 28th. The
Technocracy mages are in an uproar; the city has been
attacked and no one knows who is responsible. The Tech
nocracy is on the lookout for any unknown mages, and for
other types of Awakened as well. Any displays of vulgar
magick in the area will bring down the Technocracy's
wrath. HIT Mark: id Men in Black are everywhere,
seeking the cause of the city's troubles. They expect trouble
and are ready to deal with any opponents who get in their
way

The Technocracy does not know just what to make of
Pentex, but in Mexico City they leave the corporation and
its workers alone. Pentex is the primary source of income
for many residents, and the Mexican Technomancers are
blind tothe corporation's supernatural dealings. The Tech-
nocracy and Pentex have come to an understanding; both
groups go out of their way to avoid conflict and even help

each other from time to time. Any mages spotted by the
fomori in Pentex' employ will be reported immediately,
and trailed if possible.

The only safe action for a mage at this time is to keep
his eyes open for trouble. Being spotted in action will only
lead to disaster. Any mages found will be captured at best,
or terminated with Extreme Prejudice. Absolutely no at-
tempts to argue logically with the Technocracy will be
effective at this time, unless the mage uses the Sphere
to get her point across.

The Troupe's primary goal is to catch up with Samuel
Haight. The temptation to be led away from that goal is a
potential hazard, especially for the Traditions that are
strongly opposed to the destruction of nature. Conflicts
rage around the Troupe, but the wise will not join these
battles. The pursuit of Samuel Haight should take priority,
especially with the Technocracy in a furor

Locating Haight will be almost impossible on the first
night. Seeking to find Haight through magick will be futile,
as Haight's countermagick is extremely powerful while he
possesses his staff. There are a few slim chances of finding
Haight, the best being to locate one of his minions. The
only accessible person in the know about Haight's plans is
Mary Taylor, the Wanderer (see Book One, Chapter Two).
Mary knowsa great deal of Samuel Haight's plans, but there
is little that she would willingly share. Mary is terrified of
Haight, what the other Garou with her would think of her
if they knew the truth about her past and, for that matter,
her own shadow. She has suffered a complete nervous
breakdown, and will probably run or attack (Storyteller's
discretion) at the first sign of trouble.

Mary can tell the mages that Haight was looking for a
secret passage near the pyramid of Huitzilopoctli, but she
must be coerced to give up the knowledge. Again, use of the
Mind Sphere is possible, but this risks both the
Technocracy's notice and the Bone Gnawers' ire. Either
option should be avoided if the cabal wishes to continue

living.

The Chaos Factor


The Scene for Technocracy
Mages:

The Technocracy is well established in Mexico City.
There is always a chance that the Troupe is located in the
area or has been transferred there for a temporary assign-
ment. For members of the Technocracy, the adventure
begins with explosions rocking the building where their
Construct is located. From there they must try to locate the
source of the problems. They are likely to find more than
they bargained for.

With or without werewolf player characters, you may
restassured that some Garou have entered the city, looking
for Samuel Haight. Running across a wandering pack of
Garou in the city is dangerous for two reasons: First, the
pack is likely prepared for combat, and will be more than
happy to tear apart a Wyrm-ridden mage or two. Second,
these Garou are on a mission of great importance to their
species. They are deadly and fast and generally don't like
being interfered with.

The problem for visiting Technomancers is only in-
creased by the strangeness of their Mexico City comrades.
While the local Technomancers follow their Convention's
beliefs, chey are often a little too cruel for the liking; rather
than simply following the logical process for examination
ofa subject, the Technocracy mages in Mexico City seem
to gain a special pleasure from torturing them. Even by
Technocracy standards, the Convention mages are cruel
and uncaring.

The Scene for Garou

Barks-At-The-Moon was ready for anything. She knew
the risks when she joined in the hunt for the Skinner, knew that
her chances of survival were slim. Just the same, the very air
around her stank so heavily of the W/yrm that she had trouble
focusing. Even in Homid form she could feel the hairs on her
neck standing on end.

Te was even worse for City-Basher. The Red Talon beside
her was almost foamingat the mouth. He kept snapping his jatus
against the air, almost as if there were something that only he
couldsee. Barks-At-The-Moon knew the problem; City-Basher
hated the city, and this Scab was a hundred times worse than the
oneshe'd seen while livingin Utah. A thick howwling filled the air,
but not the howling of Garou. The sound they heard was much
worse, the sound of Leeches on a blood-hunt. There they were,
not five or six, not even a full dozen. Barks-At-The-Moon felt
her skin crawl as she called forth the Rage and transformed into
Crinos.... Sweet Gaia, there were twenty of the corpses coming
their way

The primary reason for visiting Mexico City is to find
and destroy Samuel Haight, once and for all. The Wyrm is
very strong in the city, and any Garou with the Gift Sense
Wyrm is overwhelmed by the levels of corruption rampant
inthe area. Garou cannot Moon-Bridge into Mexico Citys

the only caern in the entire city is held by the Black Spiral
Dancers. This should be obvious before the pack even
reaches its destination. A swift death or Wyrm-corruption
are the only rewards for Garou attempting to force their
way into the Underbelly of the Wyrm.

Pack members who have met Haightbefore havea slim.
chance (Tracking + Primal-Urge, difficulty 9) of locating
hisscent, but following his trail proves even more difficult.
Haight has been using his knowledge of Correspondence to
Co-Locate himself from place to place. His trail begins and
then suddenly ends repeatedly

The Garou must use caution tosurvive in Mexico City.
Black Spiral Dancers dominate the city, always looking for
new rectuits or sacrifices for the Wyrm. The only allies in
Mexico City at the present time are the Bone Gnawers of
the Sweet Water Sept. The members of the sept are more
aggressive than most Bone Gnawers, butare also very happy
tosee any Garou who have not fallen tothe Wyrm. Ifasked,
they will assist the pack, but they will ask for a favor in
return. Four days hence, the Fifth Day of the Dead will be
upon them, and the Gnawers request aid in their Ritual of
the Dead —a ritual designed to force the dead into thenext
life, before the Wyrm's corruption can overtake them —a
necessity in Mexico City. Whether or not the pack agrees,
the Bone Gnawers will aid them, but the pack will find the
help comes easier with a promise.

Mary Taylor, known only as Wanderer to the Bone
Gnawers, isa false Garou, a Skin-Dancer (see Chapter Two
for her statistics and the Appendix for details about the
Skin Dancer tribe). Mary has some information about
Samuel Haight, but she will only share the knowledge if she
is forced to. Mary is nota very good actor, and an Alertness
+ Wits roll (difficulty 8) will allow pack members to see the
way she jumps when Haight's name is mentioned. Manipu-
lation + Enigmas (difficulty 7) is necessary to convince
Mary to "spill the beans."

Mary knows that Haight is in pursuit of a powerful
Leech, strong enough to make him virtually immortal. She
knows that he is searching for the Leech's nest near the
pyramid of Huitzilopoctli. That is all she can tell the pack.
Mary Taylor does not register as Wyrm-corrupt. She will
confess to being a Skin-Dancer if forced, and she will tell of
her time in the Realm of cleansing, Erebus, of her flesh
boiling away and of the Wyrm's influence being washed
fromher in the fiery waves of iilver. She tells only the truth,
and asks for mercy from the pack. What the pack decides to
do is entirely in their own hands, but the Bone Gnawers are
willing to fight to ensure Wanderer's safety; the septs
leader, Father Machete, states that she is free of the Wyrm
and therefore worthy. The rest of the sept will follow his
lead.

Techno-mages are powerful in Mexico City, and every
violentaction could lead to detection and destruction. The
pack must be cautious if they are going to survive. The Bone

Chapter One: Trail of Blood 89


Gnawers have special Talens that may be used by the pack
if the pack is found worthy, but gaining the full trust of the
Sweet Water Sept is not easy. The Talens will only be
granted with the approval of Father Machete.

The Leeches are stronger in this scab than in any other
city on the continent, and they are often more blatant
about attacking. Presently, they are also on the lookout for
whatever has been bombing their Havens. Being found by
the Sabbat Leeches all but guarantees a violent and painful
death or, worse still, life as an Abomination for the truly
unfortunate. The pack is grossly outnumbered, and the
only hopes they have lie in befriending the Bone Gnawers
or in being very, very careful

The Scene for the
Kindred

Blake looked over at Hendrix and wondered how it was
that the Ventrue always seemed so calm. Blake felt anything
but calm himself; walking into 200 of your least favorite
Kindred was not a prospect that made him happy. There was
no turning back from this crap either, not with so much at
stake. Haight had to be stopped; waking an Antediluvian was
a very bad idea. There had to be something else they could
offer; if it came down to the wire, Blake would offer to feed
the kine's habit himself. Kine? No. Magi, or worse, mage-
Lupine

Hendrix reached into her purse and pulled a large caliber
handgun from the small bag, a talent that Blake envied.
Beside him, the blue hide of Terrier became visible briefly as
he pointed to the alleyway nearby. They made the dubious
cover just in time; the pack of scruffy looking Lupines shot
right past them, baying loudly and swinging some nasty
looking weapons.

Blake heard a slight gasp from Hendrix and tumed towards
her, even as the stake was driven through his chest. Beyond the
fiery pain, he could see the black shapes that surrounded them.
More Garou, only these Lupines looked even worse than the first
group. They were crawling out of a manhole down the alley
aways, and each was more deformed than the last. One of them
spoke, his voice like thunder in a barrel: "Well, my friends,
Pandemonium will be most pleased.

Camarilla and Anarch Kindred

Mexico City is the very heart of Sabbat territory. Any
way the Troupe examines the situation, there are still at
least 30 Sabbat to each character. These are very bad odds.
Ifthe Troupe has entered the city with Samuel Haight, they
should defend him at all costs, as he is their best chance for
leaving the city alive. If members of the Troupe have
Sabbat Lore, they could very well bluff their way out of the
city using all of the right signals to convince the Sabbat
Kindred that they are just "part of the gang."

90 The Chaos Factor

If the Troupe is a group of Archons, or even worse,
have the Fame Background, their troubles are even worse
The Sabbat try to maintain files on the Archons in the
Camarilla's employ; while the files are hardly complete,
there is a substantial chance that the Archons will be
recognized if they have battled the Sabbat previously.
Archons, like members of the Black Hand, are quick to gain
reputations. Any Kindred in town who has not been in
Mexico City for a good while is going to be open to
suspicions, especially considering the explosions earlier in
the day.

Again, the primary reason for being in the city is
Samuel Haight; whether the Troupe wants to help him or
hinder him, he is a significant part of the action. If the
Troupe is with Haight, he will ask them to keep watch for
any supernaturals who come along. If the Troupe is trying
to find him, they could well run into serious trouble along
those lines. The Troupe has no information sources in
town, and will have torely on their Disciplines to lead them
to their target.

Sabbat Kindred

Chances are that the pack knows its way around
Mexico City, or has at least met a few Kindred in the city.
If the pack is with Haight, they could possibly convince
him to dowithout the fireworks, provided they agree to play
lookout for him. By the same token, the chances of Haight
explaining himself in advance are slim. The pack must
decide if they are willing to follow Haight, but fora chance
to kill an ancient vampire, most would follow him eagerly;
one down, twelve to go as it were.

Ofall the different factions, the Sabbat Kindred have
the easiest time in Mexico City — this is their home
territory after all. Still, there are a few complications that
the pack must deal with: the wandering Garou, several
pissed off Tradition mages and the Technocracy come
immediately to mind

If the pack is against Haight, there is still the problem
of gathering information on his whereabouts. Haight is
difficult to find, especially when he is starting factional
wars all through the city to slow down anyone in pursuit
Sabbat pack members with connections in town might find
that Kindred who were friendly the last time they met have
suddenly grown hostile. Several sites near Havens have
been attacked, and most of the Sabbat in town are feeling
hostile towards any potential enemies, other Sabbat mem-
bers included

Day Two: Into the Onderworld

PEE Deep beyond the shadows of oblivion
Chaos is about to overflow

Evil germinates beneath the homeland

A deadly seed which never ceased to grow.
Ruthlessly, the syndrome will infest the lives
MBB Of thousands who shall try to overcome

fq But no one is immune to this catastrophe,

The dawn of doom has only just begun

—Demolition, "Prolegomenon/Matanza"

While all of the information necessary for running the
Underbelly of the Wyrm is included in this sourcebook,
Storytellers might want to also look at several other prod-
ucts from White Wolf: The Book of the Wyrm, for
Werewolf: The Apocalypse; The Sabbat Player's Hand-
book, Clanbook Nosferatu, and The Storyteller's Guide
tothe Sabbat for Vampire: The Masquerade; The Book of
Chantries and The Book of Shadows for Mage: The
Ascension. While none of these books is absolutely neces-
sary, all of them contain useful information on the denizens
that inhabit the Underbelly of the Wyrm.

Asthe second Day of the Dead begins, the Troupe tries
tohunt down Samuel Haight again, this time having better
success. Haight is tracked back to the same place where he
was seen the previous night, and this time he has gone
beyond the exterior of the Pyramid and into the Underbelly
of the Wyrm. While the paranoia increases above, Haight
and the Troupe face the dangers of a Nosferatu antitribu
Warren, Black Spiral Dancer Hive and Nephandi Laby-
rinth combined. The Dead of Mexico City have plans in
theareaas well; many are ona task of vengeance against the
minions of the Underbelly. Many are mad with pain and
don't care who they hurt as long as someone shares their
suffering.

Pandemonium

The stench was almost unbearable, a ripe combination of
rotting flesh, raw sewage and something far, far, worse. Most
of the group breathed through their mouths, trying to avoid the
smell, but the coating on their tongues tasted like a rotten corpse
must taste, The walls were slick with adark mucus, and no one
would have been surprised to see teeth up ahead. Enormous
razor-sharp teeth, with bits of shredded flesh and long strings of,
pistle wedged in the crevices between.

Itwas almost a relief to step from the steeply sloping tunnel
and onto solid earth again. The cavern was dark, illuminated by
diseased glow that only hinted at what lay beyond. Perhaps that
‘was for the best. The darkness moved, just beyond the edge of
their vision, and everyone turned to see what they could.

Thrusting from the dessicated ruins of a magnificent pyra-
nid, abloated thing slobbered and shifted. The black shape made
sounds, some like a scream of pain, others like the beating of a

diseased heart. The pyramid's remains were intimidatingenough,
but the mass that grew from its insides was terrifying, almost
impossible to take in with only one glance. Someone whispered
softly in the darkness, asound that was one part disbelief and ewo
parts terrified awe: "God help us all... I think it's alive." As if
to prove the voice's point, the thing moved again, long rubbery
tendrils sliding from its sides and worming blindly towards them,

a

4 Unpardoned Souls

The Second Day of the Dead — The Day of the

! For the Sleepers of Mexico the Days of the Dead hold
many special meanings: a chance to remember old loved
Ones, a chance to celebrate the memories of the past and
chance to havea little fun. They also hold acertain amount
ofdanger. Los Dias de Muertos, the Days of the Dead, arenot

only times to remembe:
t loved ones, but times
Unpardoned Souls. pee

The second Day of the Dead opens the gateways fr
Mictlan for those who died violent deaths. Victims af
murder, violent crimes, accidents and wore, the
Unpardoned come home — some say for remembrance,
some say for retribution. The dead are offered food and
drinkby the living whoplacesacrficesplacedoutside thei
jomes in the hopes that the wraiths will leave the living
residents in peace. The bakers in Mexico work diligently co
produce the necessary sacrifices; Pan de Muertos _. the
Bread ofthe Dead — and the cakes and candies that ae
consumed by the living in defiance ofthe whims of the
Bakers display candies ranging
} t0 elaborate chocolate confectio
holding corpses bear the names ofthe people who purchase
them. The idea is simply to eat a skull that carries yo
name in defiance of death — proving your lack of tox.

from simple sugar skulls
ns shaped like coffins

fear.

cx, Despite the risks involved, many Euthantos mages go out of

their ways to reach the smaller town around MexicoCity,
order to gather as many candies with their names ne
possible. No one knows for certain, save the Euthanatoe,
but the candies are alleged to carry a point of Tase usable
only by the person whose name each candy bears. Acciden,
tal magick created by the beliefs of the bakers and the
people to whom they sell, or an elaborate hoax by the death
mages? Those who could answer the question do not.
The wraiths who walk freely on the Second Day of
Dead are seldom friendly, and most often want justice
Characters who have been to Mexico City before and
caused deaths could have unpleasant surprises in store. Th
Unpardoned Dead are treated with respect and fear, no one
knows for certain whom they blame, and no one is ew
teed safety from the anger the Unpardoned feel.

ay of the

and fear; no one


Atits base, unaffected by the creature's presence, they
could just see Samuel Haight sliding under the monster's
bulk and into the pyramid's remains...

Haight waits for the sun toset before beginning his trek
on the second day. The Kindred are just awakening, and
the mages and Garou are likely growing impatient. At-
tempts to find Haight during the daylight hours prove
futile. While the Troupe first locates and then tracks down
Samuel Haight, he busies himself by chasing down the
Haven of Huitzilopoctli. Haight discovers that the true
Haven has been abandoned, but finds clues to lead him to
the new location... or so he thinks.

In truth, Haight has missed a very important clue that
could allow the Troupe to turn the tables on him com-
pletely by settinga trap. Only, however, ifthey find the clue
themselves, and only if they survive the descent into the
Underbelly.

Samuel Haight has assumed that someone might come
after him, but has no idea that someone has, indeed, been
in pursuit. He is working on a very different time schedule
than the Troupe, especially the Kindred, and is nearing

exhaustion. This does not mean he won't fight; Haight is
entering a vile place, and is prepared for the worst.

The Troupe should realize just what they are getting
themselves into from the first. The Underbelly is a danger-
ousplace where madness and violence are a part ofeveryday
life. They are also entering an area thatis literally unknown
to the city above. If the Troupe has made any useful
connections, they could well gather reinforcements for this
very dangerous task. The least of their worries in the
Underbelly is Samuel Haight. Samuel might want their
skins, or their power, but the minions of the Underbelly
want their very souls.

The Underbelly is full of early warning systems as
protection against interference. No one will get in or out
without being noticed. The residents, however, have come
to accept occasional intrusions by homeless mortals or
wandering animals, Unless the Troupe comes in with guns
blazing, the Underbelly's minions will be slow to respond.

The Onderbelly

There once was good blood in the breeze here

We rode across the lake each new year

What have I remembered

What did this used to be

—Crash Test Dummies, "Winter Song"

A general overview of the Underbelly is
given in the Mexico City sourcebook, but
more extensive examination is essential for
this scene. The entrance that Samuel Haight has located
enters the Underbelly proper near the very center of the
Wyrm-Haven, only a few hundred feet from the actual
ruins of Huitzilopoctli's pyramid. The passageway to the
Underbelly is slick with an oily substance that glistens in
the near total darkness.

The smell of decay is strong, but a close look at the
material on the walls shows that it is alive, a protein
substance that coats the tunnel like saliva in a throat. This
substance is fairly mild, but long term exposure to the stuff
works as the Bane Power Infectious Touch. Small chemi-
cal changes will start to occur within a few hours if left
untreated. The Underbelly is illuminated naturally by a
pale green light coming from many of the fungi that grow
in the enormousarea. The light isfaint;all sight Perception
rolls are made against difficulty 8, although Gifts, Disci-
plines and magick can all compensate for the unholy
darkness.

92 The Chaos Factor

The pyramid of Huitzilopoctli once stood over 600 feet
tall; now the growth atop it is twice that size. The pyramid
has ruptured and fragmented, making way for the Pande-
monium that has erupted from its bowels to grow more
powerful. The Pandemonium is alive; the black hide of the
thing pulses, and artery-like passages just under the skin
boil with heat as the putrescence used as blood by the
Pandemonium runs its course.

Odd things, mindless servitors of the Pandemonium
crawl and slither, maggot-like, over the entire growth,
making repairs and preparing for new growth spurts. The
ground around the Pandemonium is spongy with toxic
wastes and human remains. Lichen grow in the ground and
move of their own volition. The bodies of countless thou-
sands lie at the base of the pyramid, some mere skeletons
and some still bleeding. Perhaps the worst of all is that
many of the bodies still move, slowly pulled back into the
Pandemonium as uel for growth. The stench is overpower-
ingjaroll (difficulty determined by the individual's personal
experiences) is required to continue. Failure means that a
Willpower point must be spent to continue, and a Botch
means fleeing as quickly as possible (fear frenzy for Kindred,
fox frenzy for Garou) for the surface world.

Haight has already entered the pyramid, crawling
under the Pandemonium, through one of the pyramid's
cracked walls when the Troupe arrives. He escapes into it
just ahead of them.


The Scene for
Tradition Mages:

Tradition mages have a few advantages in this scene,
especially those with Correspondence, Life, Spirit and
Time. Correspondence allows characters to move about
with much greater ease, and to Co-Locate away from the
problem areas, to sense what lies far below in the depths of
the Underbelly and to run away. Life allows the characters
tosense life in the area and possibly notice a few things that
would otherwise be ignored. Spirit allows the characters
know just what sort of Banes are below. Using this simple
talent may cause a character to expend Willpower if the
character wishes to proceed beyond this point (Storyteller's
discretion). Time could allow characters advanced warn-
ings on some of the nastier surprises below; for a truly
terrifying experience, simply tell the character thatall they
see is shapes moving in the darkness, as that really isall they
will be able to see without magickal assistance

to

Any use of the Spheres is also likely to notify the
Guardians of the area, the Men in Black barabbi. Nosferatu's
Obfuscate Discipline is unaffected by Sense Life. A hidden
Nosferatu is simply ignored, so even a scan for life patterns
is not a guarantee that the mage will see a Nosferatu who
does not wish to be noticed. The Forces Rote Veil of
Invisibility works in much the same way, and is just as
effective against the minions of the Wyrm.

It would be easy for characters to reach false conclu-
sions, especially at the appearance of the Men in Black
barabbi. The Storyteller should make very clear that the
MIBsare no longer with the Technocracy; while they look
the same, there is an air about them — the way they move
and the way they speak — that is decidedly wrong. One
good look at the Pandemonium should clear up any mis-
conceptions. This obscenity can only be the work of
Nephandi.

Any commotion raised alerts Samuel Haight of his
danger and spurs him to leave faster than he would like.
The odds are too overwhelming for him and he runs while
he can

The Scene for Technocracy
Mages:

This scene runs much like the scene above, but the
characters have a better chance of reaching what they are
after. Corrupt or not, the Technocracy will destroy the
Underbelly if they find out that it exists. Full Technocracy
assault battalions can be employed in a matter of only a few
minutes, should the Troupe agree that an emergency call is
in order. The battle would be epic, but the Technocracy
would win in the long run.

Any chance of finding the clues left behind by Samuel
Haight would be lost if the Technocracy assault teams were
called in. The only hope would be to use the Time Spheres

Chapter One: Trail of Blood 93


to find out what Samuel Haight discovered. Some might be
tempted to believe that Haightis dead, destroyed in the battle.
Smarter characters will know better. There will be no body as
evidence.

The Troupe may decide to go without the help. In that
case they are captured if possible or killed if resistance is too
harsh. If captured, they experience the wonders of the Caul,
which transforms them into barabbi servitors unless they are
rescued quickly.

The Scene for Garou

Samuel Haight returns to where he was last spotted the
night before. He is easily tracked from there to the entrance of
a Wyrmhole. Garou following Samuel Haight must enter a
stronghold of the enemy. Tracking Haight through the Un-
derbelly is not easy; again, he is using his mage powers to move
quickly and toavoid detection; longstretchescan pass without
any indication that Haight has come this way. Once entering
the Underbelly proper, any Garou employing the Gift Sense
Wyrm is overwhelmed by the Wyrm's corruption in this area.
Black Spiral Dancers walk in plain sight, and any noticing the
pack are likely to attack without question,

If the pack uses stealth and caution, they can make their
way to the pyramid without much trouble. Any failures or
Botchesallow the Black Spiral Dancers. chance to notice the
pack (Perception + Alertnessdifficulty 7onafailure, difficulty
5 ona Botch). Ifthe pack is spotted, the Black Spiral Dancers
call out the rest of the Hive and attack. The Dancers attempt
to overpower the packmembers and drag them to Malfeas to
dance the Black Spiral (see Book of the Wyrm for more
details). Ifcapture isnotan option, the Dancers will simply kill
and consume the pack. The Bone Gnawersabove do not offer
help, nor do they agree to assist the pack if asked; the Bone
Gnawers are alive because they use their brains, not because
they are suicidal. Posthumously awarded Renown does not
interest them.

Caught!

The Scene for Anarch
and Camarilla Kindred

All Kindred suffer from their delay in rising for the
evening. Haight has a substantial lead over them and he uses
that lead to his advantage. Entering the Underbelly is a
dangerous task, especially for non-Sabbat Kindred. Infernal
Kindred in the area are dangerous alone, but with the added
help of the Nephandi mages and the Black Spiral Dancer
Garou, they are almost unstoppable. Obfuscate is a must for
survival, and even that is no guarantee. If the players don't
want to risk their characters, don't force them. But remind
them that forall they know the very founder ofa Clan is down
there in Torpor, and whether they want to help or consume
the Methuselah, the only way to locate the Third Generation
Kindred is down there, where Samuel Haight has already
gone.

Ifcaptured, the Kindred will be set aside to be Diablerized
or Blood Bound. If Blood Bound, the Troupeis forced tofollow
the Path of Evil Revelationsor, worsestill,issacrificed to Ba'al.

The Scene for Sabbat Kindred:

The pack will have to watch themselves very carefully.
The Nosferatu in the Underbelly want their blood, theirsouls,
or both. Unless the pack knows the guidelines for the Path of
Evil Revelations, they will be Diablerized or converted as
described. The one advantage is that the pack might well call
for reinforcements ftom above. The problem there is that a
substantial number of the Sabbat Kindred in Mexico City
follow the Path of Evil Revelations already. Just whom can
they trust?None ofthe Sabbat above will aid the pack without
very good reason.

If the Troupe is noticed, and battles break out, Samuel
Haight beats a hasty retreat. Haight believes he has what he
was looking for, and will not wait around fight. He has more
important matters to handle.

‘When the Pandeinoniam notices a character, it grabs harshly with pseudopods that erupe from its surface. The limbs have the
following characteristics: Strength 5; Dexterity 7, Stamina 3. The tendrils normally come forth from the main body in groups of six, but
‘more are produced as needed: Any attacks against the Pandemonium bring forth the Men In Black barabbi and send a shudder through
the entire mass. The living entity immediately alerts the Nephandi and Black Spiral Dancers upon being attacked.

Any member of the Troupe, excluding Sabbat, captured by the Pandemonium appears to be consumed by a formless maw in evo
tumnsunlessshecan break away;in truth, thecharacterispulled intoachamberand sedated with thick fluids forced into the body by needle-
like appendages. The Gift Resist Toxin negates the poisons, and the damage can be soaked. The toxin is not fatal. Mages must use vulgar
magick to defend against the poisons, while Kindred are completely unaffected.

The captured character is not defenseless, and quick thinking or even quick attacks can stop the Pandemonium from doing any
permanentharm. The Troupe may decide thatthe character is dead, bur the Storyteller should point out that a struggle can be seen from
the exterior of the Pandemonium. Be imaginative, and be certain not to give too much detail; leave the players wondering just what the
hell is going on in there

If the Troupe leaves the playef on' her dwn, a new Black Spiral Dancer, Kindred on the Path of Evil Revelations, corupted
werecreatureor Nephanditage will likely rememberthe lack of assistance when the rebirth is finished several hours later. While unlikely,
evenat this point the possibility still exists that the @haracter could be saved; certain Gifts, Disciplines and rotes could repair the damage
done (Consile the Various rulebooks).

PANDEMONIUM

The Pyramid of Huitzilopoctii

Scene Two: Into the Pandemonium

The wounds on Grimm's arms burned, and
he felt his flayed flesh with every move . Still, the
Skinner was up ahead, and they had to go on. If
the cabal hadn't run across the Garou that were
with them now, they'dhave never stood achance
Fate was being kind, and that made Grimm
nervous. There was always a balance. Up ahead
of him, Trina leaned against the wall, resting for
a second as she waited

"Trina, we can't stop now." His voice was only a whisper,
sill the werewolves behind him made shushing noises. Grimm
looked at Trina. She looked back at him, but instead of her
characteristic annoyance, her features showed only pain and
fear.

"Oh shit." He looked closely at Trina, at the black mass
from above her that had glued itself to the back of her head. "Oh
shit," he repeated, "Trina. .. I thought they were only shadows."
His apology sounded so weak, so ineffectual. He watched as the
black tendrils wrapped completely around her face, lifting her
into the air. Finally, she screamed

Crawling through the small entrance that Haight used
is the only way to avoid the Pandemonium, and even that
isnot a guarantee of safety. The Pandemonium is a living
entity, and isalways hungry for more knowledge and power.
The Troupe must use caution and skill to avoid contact
with the malignant thing above and around them. Contact
with the Pandemonium's cold flesh is unsettling at best,
and exceedingly dangerous at worst

The Pandemonium movesslowly, shifting and pouring
through the cracks and crevices like honey on a hot

summer's day. The "skin" on the Pandemonium glistens
with a foul excretion that, in reality, functions as the eyes
on the creature. The Pandemonium "sees" everything that
comes in contact with its body, and senses whether or not
the new creature is corrupted enough to pass freely. Haight
was deemed suitably twisted, and most Sabbat fall into the
same category. Most Garou and Awakened do not. Contact
with the plasmic mass must be avoided at any cost, and
Garou will sense this instinctively. The Storyteller should
clearly emphasize that the syrupy mass is moving, and is
reaching outward, questing for contact

Tosuccessfully navigate the corridor of Huitzilipoctli's
Pyramid and reach his ancient Haven requires 15 cumula-
tive successes with a Dexterity + Dodge roll, difficulty 5. A
failure means only a delay while waiting for the dripping
mass to move enough to permit passage. A Botch means
that the character has been noticed as something more
than debris.

Beyond the
Pandemonium

Once past the long hallway, a chamber that has never
been touched by the Pandemonium lies in wait. The
chamber is narrow and shallow, onlyadozen feet acrossand
five feet in height. This is where Huiteilopoctli spent
several centuries in Torpor. Haight has already abandoned
the area, but clues that he was there are evident. The thick
dust that covers most of the floor is scuffed; thick clouds of

Blood


the dust still move sluggishly in the stagnant air. Several
scrolls, yellowed with age and brittle to the touch, lie on the
ground. The papers have been recently handled, and have
suffered minor damage. A Perception + Alertness Roll
(difficulty 7) reveals a small collection of papers that have
not been touched, hidden beneath a small stone table in
the comer.

‘These papers, written in archaic Spanish, reveal the
true location of Huitzilopoctli. The ancient Kindred moved
from the Haven where the characters stand in 1978, toa
new Haven in the mountains beyond Mexico City near a
town named Paraiso Vista — View of Paradise. Samuel
Haight has not seen these papers.

Part Two

The scrolls that Haight has seen will lead him in
another direction, across the oceans to the land of Jordan,
toasmall city hidden from the Sleepers: Petra in the Valley
ofKings—home toapowerful being, rumored tobea mage,
a mummy, a vampire, or something worse. Those familiar
with Jordan should be afraid to go there; madness and death
always follow the Awakened who enter Jordan.

The evidence says that Samuel Haight has gone to
Jordan, specifically to Petra. Will the Troupe follow him?
Ifso, move on to Chapter Two. Will they stay behind and
wait for his return? Or Does the Troupe dare go on before
him to Paraiso Vista? Whatever the answer, read on, and
rest assured that chaos lies in the near future.

Vacation

There are nights

When the wind comes howling through my old place
Thave dreams

And I wake up with the sweat porering down my face
And I wai ll the moming comes

= — Crash Test Dummies, "The Ghosts
9 That Haunt Me"

The second part of "The Chaos Factor"
" deals with visiting Jordan and the legendary
city of Petra. To properly work outall of the details in Petra
and Jordan, the Storyteller should take the time to look
over A World of Darkness, the initial world sourcebook
for the Storyteller System. Details that are not given in this
book, due to space limitations, are handled in A World of
Darkness. All truly pertinent points are covered in this
chapter, but a more in-depth look could make for a more
interesting Vacation.

Plot

In Vacation, the Troupe must try to find Samuel
Haight before he awakens something best left undisturbed.
Haight is obsessed with locating Huitzilopoctli, and he
believes that his target is in Petra, a heavily armed section
of Jordan that few even know exists. Haight doesn't waste
any time —he immediately moves off to locate the ancient
Kindred.

What has gone before: Haight Co-locates to Jordan
and from there follows the clues he found in the one scroll
he did not leave behind. He has information that the
Troupe is not privy to, and uses that information to get a
substantial head start on the characters. This side trip was
not in Haight's original plans, and he is without his normal
array of back up. This does not mean he is helpless.

Timeline for October 30
6:00 AM: Haight Arrives in Jordan.
7:30 AM: Haight leaves Jordan.

%6 The Chaos Factor

Scene One: Passage to Jordan

The chances are good that the Troupe will look briefly
at the scrolls and then make up their minds about whether
or not to follow Samuel Haight to Jordan. If the Troupe has
not specifically taken a few days — time they do not have
— to look over the documents, then most would assume
they could have missed a few details. The Marauders take
advantage of this problem, "coincidentally" adding a cryp-
tic description that leads the Troupe not to Petra, but tothe
Tower of Al Durab, a Chantry ruled by the Korratal, a
Hermetic Chantry that does not recognize the Traditions
The Troupe find a less than friendly reception waiting for
them

Scene Two: "You Want Os to
Attack Who?"

The Troupe arrives in Petra too late to capture Haight,
primarily because Haight never made it all the way there.
While the Troupe is dealing with the Korratal Chantry,
unknown forces turn Haight away from Petra and lead him
to back to Mexico City. Haight has been shown the error
of his ways and returned to Mexico City, from there to
move on in pursuit of his goal in Paraiso Vista. Meanwhile,
the Troupe, should they decide to follow Haight to Petra,
must deal with Talag, a powerful minion in the World of
Darkness, and the true Prince of Jordan. The Settites and
the Assamites are both watching and waiting, and many
options make themselves known.

What is Really Going On

Unknown to Haight and to the Troupe, Haight is
getting help from another source: the Marauders, Three
Mexican Marauders (see Chapter Two) have decided to
help Haight for their own twisted reasons; Haight has
already caused substantial damage to the Technocracy of
Mexico City. He is a chaotic force that causes violent
change wherever he goes. The Marauders are watching
Haight closely, even considering him for possible recruit-


ment. While the Troupe stalks Haight, the Marauders do
their best to stop the Troupe in typical Marauder fashion.

Scene One:
Passage toJordan

The sands spread forward for as far as the
eyes could see, undistinguishable from anything
else in the area. The night was clear, and that
was a bonus. Everyone was tired already, but
really, what could anyone do save go on? Haight
had to be stopped. There could be no mercy for
him, especially not after the way some had died
in the Underbelly.

Eventually, after consulting the maps anda
compass, they all agreed to head west. The fine sands beneath
their feet were almost impossible to walk on, but just solid
enough to make sinking a minimal risk. They walked for what
seemed like hours; everyone was to0 tired to speak, save t0
discuss what could be done to stop the madman somewhere
ahead of them.

Finally, after too long spent in pursuit, they saw the distant
shape the map promised up ahead of them. The cower thrust high
into the air; even from a distance, even when it was still just a
faintimage, they could see how tall the structure was. The winds
started blowing, and everyone was glad for the gentle breeze's
cooling touch. Until the sand came. A few tiny particles at first,
and then the sting of dust in the eyes, and then the taste of sand
in their mouths, The winds blew harshly, and they could feel the
sand trying to force itself into their lungs

Then the distant tower disappeared, hidden by the sudden
wall that grew before them. The barrier continued to grow, and
finally they realized their mistake. Not a wall, a wave. A wave
of sand rising 20 feet above their heads. There was no time for
calling out, the moving mountain was upon them, and they
could only pray to make their way free as the ultra fine particles
engulfed them all.

Getting There: The trip from Mexico City to Jordan
is substantial, particularly by mundane means; it is also
close to impossible for Kindred to make the trip. Samuel
Haight co-locates himself to Jordan, and if the Troupe
chooses to follow, they run across a potential snag. Mages
adept in the use of the Correspondence Sphere could save
everyone a great deal of time, but doing so would require
vulgar magick.

There are several other problems inherent in such
action, not the least of which is sunlight, or more impor-
tantly the strong allergy most Kindred have to sunlight.
Jordan is on the other side of the world from Mexico City.
nighttime here means daytime there. Kindred player char-
acters are likely to take being thrown into the fire very
poorly

Garou are another matter entirely; most Garou could
actually make the journey themselves with a Moon-Bridge,

Chapter One: Trail of Blood 7


but only part of the way. Jordan has no Moon-Bridges, and
theclosestaccessible bridge, the Wheel of Ptah (see Caern:
Places of Power), would still leave the werewolves several
hundred miles from their destination. Then again, the only
caern in Mexico City belongs to the Wyrm.

Kindred on their own would be forced to take public
transportation to Jordan, and that requires passports, a
flight that does not extend into the daylight hours, and a
delay that would give Haight too large a head start. Better
perhaps to wait behind, in the hopes that Haight will
return. Or pethaps a visit to Paraiso Vista is order

Jordan

Jordan isa land of mystery to most of the Awakened in
the World of Darkness: Garou seldom go there, mages find
the place uncomfortable, and most Kindred who drop in
unexpectedly tend never to leave. The Silent Striders at
the Wheel of Ptah Caern claim the land drives people
insane. Some Kindred claim that the
sible; others t
believe that Jordan suffers from Marauder influences. Allof
these groups are right. And wrong

Settites are respon-

clieve that mages are at fault. Some mages

The more knowledgeable among the supernaturals
believe that Petra houses
influence is felt throughout all of Jordan and many parts of
the Middle East. No one is certain just what lies hidden
within the depths of the stronghold, but whatever it is
apparently can drive people insane. The Marauders are
known to break into the physical world around Jordan
frequently, but nosolid connection to Petra has been made,
despite rumors to the contrary. The Settites do indeed
make their presence known from time to time, as do the
Assamites. But no one with any real knowledge believes
that they are responsible for the field of madness that
sweeps over the entire area. There is a powerful Chantry of
mages believed to exist in the desert, but only a few are
actly where it rests, and no one has heard from
the mages there in over 50 years. The assumptions are many
and varied; the known facts are few.

something so powerful that its

certain e

Upon entering Jordan from whateveraccess, the Troupe
can follow the clues left behind straight to the hidden city
of Petra — well, they only wish, The clues that the Troupe
have in their hands lead them only to the Tower of Al
Durab. Al Durab is almost four hours away from anything
of significance, and even if the Troupe can co-locate to
their desti y soon find themselves in a blinding
and painful sand storm. The sand and powerful winds are
really only an inconvenience, unless the Troupe continues
on towards the Tower. The Tower can be seen from where
the sand storm is active (Perception + Alertness, difficulty
8), but only as a dark shape against the sky.

ion, th

The winds increase in velocity and thesands start causing
pain if the Troupe continues. Normal defenses apply against
the sand storm, but if the Troupe continues on foot for more
than two turns, the sands start to move in waves across the


ee eA

desert' floor. The moving dunes are capable of burying the
entire Troupe in only one round, and are not easy to notice in
advance (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 7). Once buried,
thecharacters have to force their way out from under the sand
and try to continue on. Magick, Gifts and Disciplines are
probably the only option for staying alive, and the sand is so
finethat Storytellersshouldusethedrowningrulesin Werewolf
and Mage as if the characters were drowning in water not in
sand

Ironically, any use of True Magick (not Gifts,
Thaumaturgy or Discplines) stops the sand storm immedi-
ately; the Chantry's defenses were never meant to cause harm
to other mages.

The next problem is simply getting inside the Chantry,
vhich the Troupe may still believe is Petra. Huge iron doors
block the entrance; the doors are very sturdy (Strength of 10
toforce the doors open) and are barred from the inside. Gifts,
Disciplines and magick can still force the door. The mildly
foolhardy could simply try knocking. The door will be opened
bythe two golems on the other side, accompanied by a mage.

The Tower of AlDurab

Then to the rolling Heav'n itself I cried,

Asking, "What Lamp had Destiny to guide

Her little Children stumbling in the Dark?"

And — "A blind Understanding!" Heav'n replied,

— The Rubétyét of Omar Khayyéim, Verse XXXIII

The Tower of Al Durab is more legend than reality in the
World of Darkness, and thatisjustasthe Awakened whostudy
there prefer it. The people of Jordan occasionally talk of seeing
the Tower just before a blistering sand storm tears their sight
away; often these sand storms seem to appear from nowhere,
leavingthe people who have seen the Tower buried under tons
ofsand, or miles away from where they thought they were.

Most who have seen the Tower describe it as a small
marble needle thrusting towards the sky, but some have been
awestruck by its unnatural size, claiming that the tower is as
large as all of Mecca. Those who make the latter claim also
state matter of factly that the Tower is made of black stoneand
gold, but few people ever believe such claims.

The Tower is real, and both descriptions are accurate.
The Tower changes shape almost constantly, sometimes
appearing as little more than a hut and other times appearing
asamassive fortress, The Tower of Al Durab holds a powerful
cabal of vaguely Hermetic mages, or, more precisely, followers
ofthe Kabbalah — mages named for the powerful tomes they
sudy and revere as the one truth. This cabal has little to do
with the outside world, primarily because they suffer from a
odd form of insanity. The mages of Al Durab have dedicated
themselves to understanding the Kabbalah, completely ignor-
ing the world beyond their Chantry's walls.

‘The mages are isolationists, and want nothing to do with
aworld that has lost its perspective in the quest for Ascension.
There are no young members of the Chantry, nor has a new
member joined them in over 400 years. Every single mage in
the Chantryisa Masterof their magicks, anda few are believed
to have reached Oracle status.

Nodes

There are several Nodes of the Tower of Al Durab in
places around the world, but most are in the Middle East.
Mages familiar with the bygone Ahl-i-Batin may speculate
that remains of the Web of Faith feed the Tower. Places
where the Israeli faith is strongest normally hold Nodes to
the Tower of Al Durab. Some even claim thata Node of the
Chantry exists in Eden.

The Horizon Realm

The Tower's Realm is a massive sprawling library
dedicated to the Kabbalah. The only inhabitants of this
Realm are the mages themselves and at least 30 golems that
defend the library from intruders and deliver parchments
for research to the different mages upon their requests. No
sound above a whisper is ever heard in the Horizon Realm,
Noone outside the Chantry is ever willingly permitted into
the Library. There are no exceptions

Purpose

The entire reason for the Chantry's existence is the
pursuit of knowledge about the Kabbalah. Nothing else
matters.

History

Long ago, further back than most of recorded history,
the Tower of Al Durab became a study house for the
Kabbalah. For centuries, outside mages were permitted to
come and study magick in the Chantry. In its heyday, the
Tower was second only to Doissetep as a place of learning.
As the years passed, the mages of Al Durab started turning
away the mages who came for information and teaching.
They wanted nothing to do with the Ascension War, the
Technocracy or the Council of Nine. The only exceptions
the masters permitted were mages who wished to explore
the mystick Kabbalah. In this day and age, most mages
believe that the Tower of Al Durab is a legend, long ago
destroyed by alien forces. That is how the Chantry wants it
No one has visited the Tower in over 200 years, and only
seldom has a mage of the Tower left for any reason.

Internal Relations: The inhabitants of the Tower of
Al Durab agree on the only important aspect of their lives;
the Kabballah must be understood. Nothingelse matters —
the Kabbalah isall. Asa result of this philosophy, the mages
of Al Durab seldom argue,

External Relations: There are no external relations
with the Tower of Al Durab. The foolhardy who come too
close are driven away by sand storms. The persistent are

Chapter One: Trail of Blood 99


attacked by the golems unless they are among the Awak-
ened. Members of the Awakened are greeted formally and
tersely by the Chantry's mages and politely asked to leave
— unless they seek knowledge of the Kabbalah, in which
case they are greeted as long lost friends until they start on
another subject, at which point they are politely asked to
leave. Those who wish to stay and bother the mages of Al
Durab find themselves at the mercy of angry Masters.

No one who does not share the Chantry's fanatical
love of the Kabbalah is allowed to come to the Tower or stay
at the Tower. No exceptions. The mages of the tower don't
want to help with problems, nor do they want to teach new
students. They wish to be left alone. The mages of the
Tower are isolationists. After a few tries on the Troupe's
part, the Kabbalah mages will state their position. If the
Troupe reveals at any time that they are looking for Petra,
the mages of Al Durab will tell them simply that they are
miles off course, and to head to the east.

There is still the very distinct chance that the Troupe
will be particularly stupid and insist on exploring the
grounds themselves. This is what the golems are for: pest
control. Statistics for the golems are in Appendix One

Ifthe Troupestill can't catch the hint after encounter-
ing the golems, the mages of Al Durab will handle the
problem themselves, These mages are old and powerful,
and worse still, fanatical. They will not attempt to kill the
Troupe unless actually attacked, but they will do their best
to Co-locate the players where they can do no harm, say,
into the middle of the Atlantic Ocean,

Scene Two: You

Want Os to
ck Who?

Petra is the best kept secret in Jordan
Most of Jordan, the Middle East and, for that
@ matter, the world does not realize that Petra
even exists, The forces that surround and
defend Petra are formidable. The full details
on Petra's history are presented in A World
of Darkness. Just the same, here are a few
details

Talag, an Assamite elder of great age
and power, rules over Petra, and over Jordan as well. Talag
has forces watching the Troupe from the moment they
arrive in Jordan. While he pays them little heed if they
move through the desert in pursuit of the Tower of Al
Durab, Talaq will still keep them under observation when-
ever possible. Should the Troupe then move towards Petra,
a band of Jordanian soldiers, equal in number to the
Troupe, will approach and force them back. The only way
to stop the soldiers is to defeat them, and the soldiers fight

100 The Chaos Factor


tothe death. A second group of soldiers will be dispatched
immediately if the first group falls; the second group is twice
the number and will not stop to ask questions; they open
fire on sight. Ifany Garou have been observed, at least one
soldier will fire phosphorus grenades at the werewolf from
agrenade launcher.

If the Troupe persists beyond these simple warnings,
the Naba, the citizens of Petra and the fanatical fighters of
Talag, will attack without mercy, outnumbering the char-
acters by twofold. The Naba are well versed in what is
needed to kill a vampire, or a werewolf, or a mage. Should
the Troupe survive all of this and press on, a larger group of
Naba led by Talag himself will approach and warn them
away. Every character who stays beyond this point to fight
will suffer from a Derangement; chosen by the player or the
Storyteller, the Derangement will be permanent.

As with the Tower of Al Durab, the citizens of Petra
will fight ro the finish to assure that no one goes beyond the
boundaries of their land. Something of extreme power lies
within Petra, and that something wants no part of the
Troupe's mission. Any Troupe member moving beyond the
actual boundaries will be assaulted on a mental level and
driven insane. The only defense for this attack is a Will-
power roll (difficulty 10, minimum of 3 successes per turn
required to avoid gaining a new Derangement)

MexicoCi

Any character whostill insists on reaching the heart of
Petra has his mind destroyed completely. A useless shell is
all that is left when this assaults finished. There isa chance
that the mind could be brought back with magick, or even
with Disciplines and Gifts, but the chance should be slim.
The people of Petra take anyone found in a mindless state
and deliver them to their friends in hostage negotiations —
"your friend is dying; take him and leave or you will all suffer
the same fate."

Petraisnotanice place to visit, and the Troupe should
take the hint by this point and just leave. There is nothing
to be gained from forcing their own agenda against what-
ever lies buried in Petra. Talaq's influence goes far beyond
just Jordan; ifhe desired, he could arrange for the Troupe's
deaths in almost any country. This is not a good man to
haveasan enemy. Ifthe Troupe reaches as far as Petra, they
may well have problems later. The Mossad, the intelligence
agency for Israel, has agents within Petra. Any character
getting close to Petra is photographed several times. Soon
after the Troupe leaves, the information gathering process
begins. Ifthe Troupe members have killed while near Petra,
they are likely to have a few surprises waiting in the future
— surprises like firebombs and exploding homes.

Possible ways in which the Troupe and Talaq could
come to an agreement are listed in detail in A World of
Darkness.

onthe ThirdDay of TheDead
—TheDayofthe

en

He thrusts his fists against che posts and still
insists he sees the ghosts

— Stephen King, "It"

There is a very strong possibility that
one or more of the Troupe chose to stay in
Mexico City. Peace does not return when he
leaves. The fires started by Samuel Haight
have become a conflagration. All around the
city, the supernatural forces have prepared
themselves for the worst; the Kindred are still looking for
whatever assaulted their Havens, the Bone Gnawers are
preparing for their greatest celebration, the Rite of the
Dead, and the Technocracy is storming through the city in
pursuit of any creature not aligned with them.

And then there's the Underbelly... anyone who was
involved in the disruption of the Underbelly is now badly
wanted. The leaders of the Underbelly want the interlopers
dead. Anyone still in town may find a few unpleasant
surprises waiting for them, as the Nosferatu are now watch-

ing as many of the supernaturals as they can. The Black
Spiral Dancers will forego their normal solitude and ac-
tively hunt for the fools that disrupted their Hive, and the
Nosferatu will do their best to point the Dancers in the
right direction.

‘The paranoia in Mexico City has reached an all-time
high, and old arguments among the Awakened are now
beingsettled violently. The Technocracy is trying to locate
a powerful cabal of Tradition mages, or perhaps an ahriman
(cabal) of Nephandi. The Black Spiral Dancers are ready
for any Garou they can find, and they have enlisted the
assistance of several of Pentex's Fomor for the duration of
the hunt. The Sabbat of Mexico City suspect everyone,
including each other, but they definitely suspect any Kin-
dred from another part of the world above their own. The
city is boiling over with tensions and sporadic fighting, and
as the sun sets, the wraiths of the Children come home to
spend time with their families.

Chapter One: Trail of Blood 101


On the third Day of the Dead itis possible that nothing

extraordinary happens to the Troupe members who stayed
behind. It is also possible that they have a hundred bizarre
encounters with the Dead, Euthanatos, Samedi, Giovanni
lent Striders are all likely v

wraiths, possibly adding a single night's mystery as the

meet with the

and even

Troupe tries to help a child find his murderer in the world's
largest city. Many a dead child cries aloud on the Third Day
of the Dead, lost and without family

Storytellers are advised to play fast and loose with
events on this day. It is possible that almost any supernatu-
ral that the characterhasmetand killed in Mexico City will
return, ready forarematch. It is possible thatany characters

who were killed could return, saying their last good-byes,

hat the supernatural rulers of Mexico City
a final conflict — well,
are very careless

andit is possible

could find the 7
only if the char:

oupe, beginni

102 The Chaos Factor

The Days of the Dead in
Paraiso Vista.

Paraiso Vista is at the opposite end of the spectrum

from Mexico City. Truly, there are few places left that seem
so unaffected by the World of Darkness. The people of
Paraiso Vista visit with their deceased, just as in Mexico
City, but without the late-night drunken revelry, and
king

without the overwhelming numbers of the dead wa

among the small population


The Third Day of the Dead: The Day of the Children

The third Day of the Dead differs from the others substantially. For one thing, it is also Halloween, and
even in Mexico City, trick or treating is not uncommon. Children run through the streets in masks and gather
treats for their trouble, and the Bone Gnawers wear masks of their own, special fetishes that make them
undetectable by mage and vampire alike. On this one night, the Garou claim the blood of Kindred in the
town, tearing apart any that they can in order to gain the necessary vitae for their final Rite-of Death.

During the daylight hours, the Sleepers in Mexico go to their families' graveyards and tend the
cemeteries, cleaning away a year's worth of weeds and painting the headstones and tombs in bright colors.
Paper streamers decorate the walls of the cemetery, often covering any shrubbery as well, again to let the dead
know that they are welcome. Last minute preparations are made for the feast that night and the next, and
Calacas — Day of the Dead figurines — are purchased or made. Crafted from papier mache or from wood, the
figurines represent every activity and walk of life — as viewed from the dead's perspective. Bookkeepers,
doctors, librarians, even ice cream vendors — all are depicted in the performance of their duties, and they
are depicted as skeletons. The figures are only a few inches tall, and the craftsmanship is almost negligible
in Some cases, but the power of the figures is real and strong. This power is the invitation to come home again,
ifonlyWriefly.

In some places th€friendSof dead children come to play with the deceased's toys, allowing the parents
to remember the child one last time; in some cases the dead child will actually join them. And everywhere,
theldead children walk again. This not often a pleasent thing...

The Sleepers of Mexico prepare feasts in their homes, weaving trails of marigold petals to their front
doors, trails by which the dead can find their way home again. In the streets the citizens dress in masks made
to mock death and celebrate living, while the wraiths walk among them and remember what living was all
about. And'the Bone Gnawers help as many Sabbat as they can along the route to Final Death. Many Sabbat
choose to stay hidden away on the Third Day of the Dead.

Chapter One: Trail of Blood 108


Chapter Two:

Treasure of

Fighting on with dignity

fe and death

deal

The power and the majesty
Amidst the blood and steel.
One shot at Glory

Driving hard and seeing red
Destiny calls me

Remember
Remember

— Judas Priest, "One Shot at Glory"

The second and final chapter of Haight's last stand
finds the trap closing in. The strands of fate, of which the

Troupe form a part, weave steadily in upon the Skinner. At
their end lies a beginning, as well. A dark beginning,

Part Three: Chaos Squared

Mexico City, The Fourth Day of the Dead

Plot

The Troupe returns to Mexico City in
order to find Samuel Haight's trail. There is
d chance that the Troupe decided
not to return, but if they do, here's wh:

a very gov

happened:

© During the Third Day of the Dead, over a dozen
Sabbat Kindred were killed. The Sabbat are not p!
and they suspect that Garou have been in their town. The
Sabbat are now out in force, running with their individual
packs and trying to locate any Garou. The Black Hand is

going into action, and the culprits will be found at any cost

* The minions of Samuel Haight including the
Skin Dancers — have apparently left town, called forth by
Haight to join him in Paraiso Vista. The only one who

Chapter Two: Treasure of Tears 105


knew where Haight could be found the other day, the Bone
Gnawer called Wanderer, has disappeared under mysteri-
ous circumstances. The rest of the Bone Gnawers are now
very suspicious of strangers, even other Garou if they knew
the Wanderer's true nature. Unless the Troupe's Garoucan
prove their innocence, they have lost their only allies in
the city. Several Uktena Garou have come to town, beat
fetishes like those of the Bone Gnawers and carrying other
items of obvious power. Their only purpose for being in
Mexico City is to help the Bone Gnawers with the Rites of
the Dead.

* The Samedi population in Mexico City has in-
creased substantially; Samedi from the United States and
from South America have crept into town for reasons of
their own. The Samedi will likely bring a great deal of
paranoia if they are discovered, but they are here on their
own mission, one involving the Days of the Dead. They will
cause no grief for the Troupe unless the Troupe bothers
them first. Several Giovanni are also in Mexico City, and
they too are doing their best to avoid conflict.

* Awakened necromancers are in town for the Days of
the Dead as well, gathering together in bands for protec-
tion. The Technocracy is in a foul mood and no one wants
trouble. Naturally, trouble is on the way

© The Technomancers are in poor spirits; the Days of
the Dead are a contradiction to their philosophies, and the
violence of the past days has brought Paradox and instabil-
ity to an intolerable degree. The Convention leaders in
Mexico City are doing their best to remain calm in light of
the amazing conflicts that they have been forced to deal
with. If the Technocracy was called in to deal with Pande-
monium before, they area good deal calmer, believing that
the main cause of their troubles has now been vanquished.
If the Underbelly still exists, tensions have risen to the
breaking point and an emergency Symposium is called.
The verdict is simple: The Pogrom has been lax and a full
sweep of Mexico City i terous
evel of damage done to the Paradigm. The call to arms is
here, and the verdict is war.

* The minions of Pandemonium have taken the "at-
tack" on theit lair personally. There is no time for subtlety.
The Wyrm's army in Mexico City plans to sweep the
offenders away, destroying any who survived the assault on
Pandemonium. They have help in the form of three Ba'ali
Kindred, ready to assist in the purging of the city. The time
has come to claim the city once and for all

* Pentex has watched and waited long enough. With
proper orchestration, the devastation can be turned away
from the corporation' areas of interest and turned towards
interfering with the other forces at work in Pentex' corpo-
rate back yard. Several First Teams have been assembled,
mostly wearing the badges of government police forces;
Pentex plans to come out the victor in this fight, and they
have the financial resources to assure that they win.

needed to repair the prep

106 The Chaos Factor

* The wraiths have their day of freedom; the time has
come to defend their loved ones and gain vengeance
against the supernaturals that have brought so much pain
to Mexico City. There will be no feasting in family homes
this year — there will be war. No one will escape their
wrath, and they have assistance from both mages and
vampires this time. Mexico City will be freed from its
oppression at last.

It Begins

The Fourth Day of the Dead begins with sporadic
fighting. Before the day is done, blood will flow like water
in the rapids, down the streets of Mexico City. And that is
just as Huitzilopoctli wants it.

Marauder mages make their presence known just after
9:00 PM. The Marauders never directly challenge anyone,
but are perfectly willing to take on any and all comers. The
Marauders use vulgar magick employing the Time Sphere
to send people as much as one year forward through time,
and when possible sending vampires exactly 13 hours into
the future, to 10:00 AM. Their entire purpose for the attack
issimply to cause chaos, tohelp Samuel Haight remain safe.

The Scene for
Tradition Mages

Grimm looked at his remaining friends, shaking his head at
the loss of so many members of the cabal. He felt himself
doubting the need to destroy Haight at such a cost. Trina was
‘gone, destroyed by the damnable thing below this city; Alex died
acleaner death, torn limb from limb by the Garou, but he died
just the same. Just two others with him, two friends left in a city
gone mad. The Garou were still there, save the one that killed
Alex; It'd been worth the Paradox to watch its ugly face bum
away under flesh turned to silver.

He forced his mind away from the thoughts of dead friends
and companions, back to the matter at hand. The remaining
Garou were looking awfully nervous, and he could not blame
them. Grimm could feel the tension in the air, almost like the
calm before the hurricane came to sweep everything away.

"Grimm."

The one word chilled the marrow of his bones, and he
turned to find the source of the familiar voice. Before him stood
his Trina, looking just as she always had, save for the sadistic
smile on her face. He felt his heart shatter as he realized what had
happened. Around her, on all sides and even in the air above her,
the Nephandi and their vile associates stood, ready to do battle.
"Grimm, darling, did you miss me?" Grimm never had a chance
to respond. The Black Spiral Dancers were too fast for him to
avoid,

Being in Mexico City was risky at first, but now the
situation is much worse. The Technocracy has opened the
flood gates, and the Men in Black, the HIT Marks, Superi-
ors and other, stranger minions of the Technomancers
have come out in force. A Tradition mage would do best to


hide. But there is still che matter of Samuel Haight. He is
still expected back in the city sooner or later. The only
hope that exists is to find allies in the city. But who?

The Garou are insane, hunting Sabbat Kindred and
shaking their fetishes as if they could possibly help against
the Technocracy. The Sabbat are vile, ruthless beasts who
cannot be trusted. The Minions of the Wyrm are hunting
after any who violated their sanctum sanctorum — or who
they think might have — and the ghosts are in an uproar
because their families are stuck in the middle of the entire
battlezone. There is nowhere to turn that is safe, save
pethaps to the Celestial Chorus strongholds in the city.

Paraiso Vista, is only 80 miles away — perhaps Haight
will show himself there. Certainly the small town must be
safer than Mexico City isat this time. Tradition mages must
choose carefully. The Celestial Chorus might well need
help, but Samuel Haight must be stopped. If the evidence
isaccurate, he has destroyed two Nodes so far. How many
more will disappear before the madman is satisfied?

The Scene for Technocracy
Mages

Arthur Trenton sat towards the back of the huge audito-
rium, afraid of whac the leaders' verdict would be. He could hear
the sounds of breathing from his cohorts, but he could not tell
that they had decided. He didn't know if they would point the
finger at him, and say that he had advised against telling where
the Nephandi Stronghold was located.

But, dammit, the delays caused by filling out reports would
have let Samuel Haight get away without any punishmentat all,
and Arthur couldn't stand that idea. Couldn't the fools see that
he was just trying to pick the most prominent evil to hunt and
destroy? By the size of the Nephandi's ahriman, the thing had
been there for years. What difference would a few more days
make?

The leaders of the Conventions sat in their seats, all too
muchlike thrones for Arthur's liking, and they stared out into the
audience. Arthur felt the cold dread before they even looked at
him. Robert Larson was the first to speak, and as his mouth
opened, Arthur Trenton quaked inside. "Boys, let's make sure
that Mister Larsonis properly incarcerated. What we have here,
ladies and gentlemen, is a bona-fide Nephandi in Convention
clothing." The Men in Black grabbed him from each side, and
as he prepared to execute his escape plan, he felt the fast acting
drugs tear into his system. He wanted to cry out, wanted so
much to escape. Instead he could only look on as his conscious-
ness faded, There, Landford was smiling smugly; he always
knew that Landford was the weak link in his group. Sold out by
afriend, an associate. Sold out for a possible promotion...

An emergency Symposium is called to deal with the
problems facing Mexico City. Ina very large auditorium in
the Primary Technocracy Construct in the city, all of the
available Technomancers are called together. They are

- 9:00PM: The thunderwy,

11:00 PM: The battles conti,
on autles continue, increasing in mag-

12:00 AM: The Fifth D.
Garou begin their Rite

are literally ripped ay
sealed off from the phy

por

Minic Fable for October 31
: : Samuel Ha ers hi
i Haight gathers his forces and leaves

10:00 s
fae can ae &mergency Symposium is called,
Spec uergency Symposium begins, and

the decision fora f Ll purge
af ul' Purge ofall supernaturals is the

Complications:

als. Known Kindred are
at ee Havens and left to eee aes
Lio ey Ths Sw known Garou ae shorn sigh

| * Ifthe Technocracy player characters get

a find no
nium retaliate, calling forth Ba oe :
4

janes and any

ofthe Wyem that can be found: Harnee
underwyrm's 2 "

ao dha Egg and calls for the

7:00 PM: The sun h;
call to war is given. Bla
embracing the cel

tion of Kindr
substantially.

as set and the Kindred awaken, A

ick Hand operatives start

lebrating humans, and th

; n ¢ popula-
ed in Mexico City increases

tmsarrive. If Harzo} is
stillalive, the thunderwyrms attack the one
Is

4
|
of the Technocra
: : cy; if he is dead, they
ee pers, bringing odd changes in reality with
Sa Marauders deliberately fuel the fires of
i a Cause time to blur throughout th
. ee 80 on a rampage. see
+ The wraiths retaliate. Kindred are at-

tacked and Technomancers learn the true meaning
of "The Ghost in the Mac hine.

ay of the Dead Begi

gins. The
ofthe Dead, and the wraiths
way from the living world,
ysical realm for a short time.


The Technocracy has decided that Mexico City needs
to be sanitized; all supernatural elements must be de-
stroyed

If Technomancer player characters have been to the
Underbelly of the Wyrm, they could very well save the city
from destruction. All they need do is point out where the
known entrances to the Wyrm-hole are located. You'd best
believe the Technocracy wants a scapegoat for this mess.
The Conventions are strong here, but any person in charge
could be found wanting and be replaced. As the old saying
goes, fecal matter rolls down hill

If the leaders of the Conventions are replaced, their
underlings be replaced as well. Iteration X could well
decide that everything in the city has to go, Convention

esas well, especially ifsome of the darkerfiles are found
and read. For every leader in Mexico City, files exist that
tell of the warped experiments taking place under their
supervision. Madness is powerful here, and even the most
faithful members of the Technomancers have suffered from
a need to perform perverted acts in the name of science
While these acts can easily be justified in their own eyes,
the Convention leaders know that outsiders reading the
files would be less than pleased

Silence can be golden. Ifa Technomancer has waited
this long to reveal the location of the Underbelly, she will
be looked upon with suspicion fora long time. Why wasn't
this information given freely before? Naturally, a quick
thinker could pass the blame on to his immediate superior,
but that could be a disastrous mistake, depending on whom
the superior knows.

The worst possible case scenario must be played out
Every supernatural must be driven away or destroyed if the
Technocracy is to survive the crisis. No one is safe.

The Scene for Garou:

-grid-Sings-Off-Key looked around him and felt the panic
trying to set in again. Damn, there was no escape from the
madness in this town. Over there, behind a cheap skull mask
one of the Bone Gnawers from the Sweet Water Sept stood in
Crinos form, and no one noticed. Luna's sweetest song, if only
Old Sawbones had lived! Perhaps he could have made them
understand that they were not the enemy. But, no, the Gnawers
looked on his entire pack as if they were little more than garbage
Ora little less, when you considered the source of that glare

The mages were hurt badly, and Segrid was little better
himself. He rubbed the spot where his right eye had been only an
hour ago and winced at the lighting bolt of pain that screamed
across his nerve endings. It would grow back, but only ifhe lived
through the night. The twisted, mocking howls of fomori were
coming closer, and Segrid felt his hackles rising again. All the
Rage he thought long gone returned to him, and he bared his
fangs in anticipation.

They came from everywhere, flowing towards the remain-
ders of the pack like a tide of serpents. They all carried firearms,

108 The Chaos Factor


not that they needed them. Segrid called out hoarsely, demand-
ing his packmates to be ready. One last fight; if that was all that
was left, he'd make it count. The fomori came forward

surrounding the pack and the mages as well. And all the while,
that damned Bone Gnawer watched on, singing softly and
‘weeping.

The Wyrm is too strong here; it is no longer winning,
ithas won. From every opening to the Underbelly, the vile
creatures spill forth: Banes, fomori, Black Spiral Dancers,
and other, stranger things. Perhaps it's not too late to stop
them, but how? The Bone Gnawers and Uktena walk
unharmed through the miasma, pretending that nothing is
wrong. They sing their little songs and prepare for the next
night, and still they are ignored.

All around, the Leeches take to the streets, assaulting
every possible enemy. The mages come forth with their
pseudo-soldiers, striking against everyone, even those who
only look suspicious. The humans of Mexico City are in
danger, and their dead relatives have taken the threats
personally. There are Kinfolk here, everywhere around the
Garou, and no one seems to care. Surely the Impurgium was
never this violent, and surely the need for the Impurgium
was never so great

Throughout the violence there is no sign of Samuel
Haight. He has left the city, and there is only one place he
could have gone. The only chance to stop him could slip
through the Troupe's fingers if he is not found. The city is
being destroyed, the Wyrm is engulfing the masses, but
which is truly more important: saving a twisted city held by
the Wyrm, or stopping the Skinner?

If the Troupe decides to stay and help in Mexico City,
they are asked to join in on the Rite of the Dead (see
Appendix Two)

The Scene for
Camarilla Kindred

Terrier looked pissed, and rightly so. His skull was com-
pletely exposed on one side, and his blue hide flapped loosely in
the slight breeze. Even Hendrix had finally lost her cool. Blake
had leaned a great deal about his friends in the last few nights,
not the least of which was that neither would make a healthy
enemy. Terrier tried speaking, and finally spat a few more
shattered fangs on the ground in disgust at his inability to do so
Finally he pointed, and Blake tried to understand his meaning.

Hendrix made the job easier: "He's telling us to get the fuck
out of town before it's too damned late." The vulgarity was a
sure sign of how pissed she was. Hendrix never cursed. Still,
even that sounded sophisticated coming from her. "Paraiso
Vista. That's where we should be. Let's go. Now."

Blake decided she was all right for a Ventrue, nodded his
head and gestured for his associates to wait by the side while he
hot-wired a jeep that belonged to the Policia. Enough was too
much; better to try their luck in the little shit-hole to the north.
‘Anything was better than another minute in Mexico City

Mexico City is just too dangerous. The overwhelming
numbers of Sabbat Kindred in the city almost guarantees
Final Death. The time has come toflee. Ifthe Kindred have
been helping Haight all along, he will offer to take them
with him to Paraiso Vista. If at anytime they have ques-
tioned him or threatened him, they are abandoned. The
Lupines have taken to the streets, and they are destroying
everything in sight. Oddly deformed humans run through
the streets as well, joining in the carnage. The police in this
city are crazy; they have started a grand scale slaughter, and
no one is safe from their weapons. The Sabbat are respond-
ing in kind, taking liberties that violate even their own
twisted version of the Masquerade. There is nowhere that
is safe.

If the player characters are Archons, they could well
call for Justicar intervention, but frankly, they would be
wasting their time, No Justicar is willing to get killed over
chaos in Sabbat territory. The likeliest response from said
Justicar is "Good work; handle it." In which case the
Archons have just buried themselves.

Most shrewd Kindred will take this opportunity to find
Paraiso Vista on the map. Paraiso Vista isa very small town
almost 80 miles away from Mexico City. There are no major
roads leading to Paraiso Vista, and the closest bus stop is 6
miles away from the village.

The Scene for the Sabbat

The taste of Vitae was always sweet, but notas sweetas the
pleasures the recruits were going through. The Embrace. Was
anything ever that good again? Moxy doubted it. She Embraced
and drank, drank and Embraced. An endless assembly line of
new Kindred to help in the battle

Beside her, Enrique grabbed the minds of the newly created
Kindred and forced them into submission; Enrique liked his
work and it showed. They all obeyed his commands. An army
— they'd have an army to fight back against the attacks. Even
through her anger and the pleasures of feeding, Moxy still heard
the screams of her pack as they were pulled into the sunlight

Never again. She'd never let the bastards do something like
thatagain. Everyone that wasn't Sabbat was going down; orders
of the Black Hand, as if she needed orders. The screams she
heard took her mind off the business of giving new life to herlatest
victim. She looked up in time to see Enrique's head torn away
from his body. The next time she saw anything would be in her
next life. They call them HIT Marks for a reason.

The fools have killed too many of the Kindred to be
allowed to live. Twelve last nightand even more during the
daylight hours. There should be a high level of fear; what if
the enemy knows where the player characters have their
Havens? Across the region, the Sabbat have been attacked,
pulled from their Havens in the daylight and forced to face
the wrath of the sun. But the sun has set now, and the time
to win back what has been lost is at hand. Soldiers are
needed, and perhaps the best way to handle the problems
in Mexico City is to double or even triple the vampiric

Chapter Two: Treasure of Tears 109


population. The Black Hand is at war already, creating new
Kindred, and the call to arms has sounded. Now is the time
for action. The Sabbat in Mexico City are willing to allow
you to fight, to become a part of the city.

Should they be warned of Samuel Haight's plans?
Should they be toldall that he has done, or what the player
aracters think he might have done? The decision isin the
air; do you risk the loss of the Sabbat's greatest city and
follow Haight to the lair of a powerful elder? Or do you
follow the requests of the Sabbat and bring down the

enemies in Mexico City? Both hold risks, both hold the
promise of great rewards.

Any characters who opt to stay in the city for the
duration must face the combined threat of several major
forces lashing blindly in the hopes of smashing their en-
emies. By 9:00 PM, the city is in a full-scale war. The
Troupe should survive the encounters if they avoid doing
anything blatantly stupid. The
head for Paraiso Vista, which is where all the real action is

choice is to leave, to

anyway.

Part Four: Chaos Cubed

All Saint's Day — the Fifth and Final Day
of the Dead

I may be going to Hell in a bucket, baby

But at least I'm enjoying the ride

— The Gratefual Dead, "Hell in a Bucket"

Plot

The final battle with Samuel Haight
takes place in Paraiso Vista, a sleepy little

town with a nasty secret

Paraiso Vista has been the secret Haven of
Huitzilopoctli for over 300 years. He has not always been
there, but the town has always been under his complete
control. The few times any supernaturals came to Paraiso

Vista, the guardian Kindred in the area slaughtered them
without mercy. Huitzilopoctli has used his powers to ensure
that the people of the town had nothing to fear. When the
droughts came, he has made rain. When diseases struck the
people and their herds of animals, he has removed the
offending viruses. When the people of Mexico decided that
communications were necessary, he allowed one phone in
the home of his servant. When the government of Mexico
decided that the area was better off with a military base
than with the tiny town, he made the government forget
the spot even existed.

All has been tranquil in Paraiso Vista for 300 years.
Now Samuel Haight is paying a visit to the Haven of
Huitzilopoctli; Paraiso Vista will never be the same.


Scene One: Mexican Standoff

Running.

On our way

Hiding.

A You will pay

Dying

One thousand death

Searching

Seek and Destroy

— Metallica, "Search and Destroy"

Getting There

Ifthey took the time to study the information enclosed
in the scrolls left behind by Samuel Haight, the Troupe has
known for two days that Huitzilopoctli's Haven
where in or around Paraiso Vista. The Troupe has also
known that Samuel Haight would be coming here. How-
ever, the characters just might have been foolish enough to
ignore the warnings; they might have stayed in Mexico
City or, worse still, gone to Jordan. If either of these prove
to be the case, the Troupe must now race against the
madman to reach Paraiso Vista first.

Itis also possible that the Troupe never recovered the
missing scroll; either they never made it down into Pande-
monium or they were stopped along the way. If the Troupe
could not personally recover the scroll, have some other
character — possibly Wanderer or another of Haight's
flunkies—grab it and run. The Troupe can acquire the clue
by stealth, force, magick or chance at some later point.

Being There

The only task before the Troupe, aside from Haight
and his minions, is getting past the guardian Kindred of
Huitzilopoctli. If they arrive too soon before the Skinner,
by more than a day, they will encounter the guardians,
These three Ba'ali Kindred are all eighth Generation, and
the statistics provided in Appendix One are sufficient to
cover them. The Ba'ali guardians leave the area on the
night of the Fourth Day of the Dead. They have been
assigned to assist the Sepulchre in the battle for supremacy
in Mexico City. One less obstacle for the Troupe to over-
come, provided they do not arrive before sunset on
November Ist.

If the Troupe have already been lying in wait for the
Skinner, they have plenty of time to prepare a surprise party
for him. If they have not, Haight will have prepared for
them, especially if their paths have already crossed. Haight's
minions are carefully chosen for this mission because of
their loyalty and their ability ro keep their mouths shut
Haight values secrecy above all else, especially where his
plans are concerned. But Haight has fallen victim to a flaw
that most mages suffer from at one point or another: hubris.
Haight has started thinking of himself as invincible, a very
nasty mistake and one that will inevitably prove fatal.

some-

As the Troupe may well decide to beat Haight to the
punch, they can have a great deal of time to devise nasty
surprises all their own. The Skinner is tired and too self-
confident for his own good, but he also has quite a bit of
power, several allies with him, and a group of Marauders
watchinghis every move. He has help that even he does not
know about.

Huitzilopoctli

Haight also has one other surprise — Huitzilopoctli.
What no one realizes is that Haight is not necessary to
Huitzilopoctli's plans. Haight has already done all that the
vampire wanted; by starting a massive war in Mexico City,
he has spurred the suffering that helps Huitzilopoctli feed
on dying souls.

Huitzilopoctli isawake. He has been slowly recovering
from Torpor for overa week. To the North of Paraiso Vista,
hidden behind the stream that feeds the lake and wells, is
the last site that Huitzilopoctli prepared centuries ago. A
massive stone wall that bears the symbol of a huge dragon
rests buried beneath tons of dirt and concealed by the roots
of trees, hidden even from supernatural sight

Within the lair, beyond the dragon-seal, is
Huitzilopoctli. He watches patiently as Samuel Haight
approaches, and he sees all even as the Troupe prepares for
final conflict. The Aztec god of war simply watches because
he can. He is about to inherit the world, but first there is
enough time for the conclusion of his little games.

Huitzilopoctli wants to see who the winners in this
battle are. If Haight is victorious, he plans to reward him
with exactly what he has wanted — powerful Kindred
blood. If the Troupe is victorious, he plans to break his long
fast on them.

The war god, however, suffers from the same fatal flaw
that dooms his mortal pawn: overconfidence. Hubris. De-
spite his awesome power, Huitzilopoctli remains vulnerable
tofire and powerful magick. He has witnessed, through the
eyes of others, the destructive potential of the modern age.
Though he chooses to disregard the potency of the two
forces converging on his resting place, Huitzilopoctli is
about to learn a lesson in firepower.

If the Troupe Arrives
First
The Troupe finds nothing of great importance in
Paraiso Vista, unless they actively search for the Haven of
Huitzilopoctli. His Haven is difficult to find, and there are
no solid clues on the parchments that the Troupe found in

Huitzilopoctli's previous lair. The papers do point to Paraiso
Vista, but they do not reveal step by step instructions for

Chapter Twor Treasure of Tears. 11


locating the ancient vampire. Haight has sworn to find the
war god's resting place, even if he must level the whole
town to do so. Locating Huitzilopoctl's lair, however, is
not necessarily a wise move, as indicated later in this
chapter.

The Troupe could simply prepare for Haight's arrival,
mending the wounds they have suffered and clearing the
town of its inhabitants. They could also call for reinforce-
ments; there are plenty among the Traditions and Garou
who would dearly love to get their hands on Samuel
Haight. Hot or cold, vengeance is a savory dish, especially
in the World of Darkness. There is a very real possibility
that the Troupe could have a veritable army waiting in the
wings for Samuel Haight when he arrives.

Haight is still not without surprises; he has brought an
army of his own —a small army, but an army nonetheless.
He has 10 fomori and four Skin Dancers with him, and
none of them likes being surprised. Because the Skinner is
also not absolutely certain that an Antediluvian is going to
like being awakened, and might, in fact, take the disturbed
slumber personally, Haight has brought one last weapon.

The largest of the fomori carries a heavy backpack, and
in thispack isa very powerful toy that Haight affectionately
callshis Sun Lamp. The Sun Lamp does nothing but release
solar radiation that has been stored and magnified. Thanks
to the immense amounts of Quintessence at his disposal,
Samuel Haight had time to practice with a few mirrors and
a special rote designed to preserve the energies of the sun.
Thanks to modern technology, he has arranged for the
power to radiate in a straight beam, much like a laser.

‘anyone else. This
turns in the light
on. Three or more
re may blind him
ay provoke Rétschreck. At

terity + Firearms
dodged. * Heavy Weapons: This

would do two continge attacks, ands
Id do two conting ‘acks, and
and so.

Successes blind,
S Blinds thé*tatget; fi
} five o;
pemmanently. This weapon may aegc ts
ta¢kers use Dex,

attack may be

Difficulty

- Damage

4 Health Levels Eanes

200

Haightalso carries his staff. He is very hard to hurt with
magick at the present time. But Haight is not bullet proof,
nor fire proof. The Skinner can be hurt — it's just not easy.
The main advantage, again, is that the Troupe could beat
him to the location. From there anything goes.

If Haight Gets There
First

Haight knows what he wants and knows how to get it.
He does not want to destroy the vampire; he wants to deal
with him. The madman is therefore obligated to wait
patiently for nightfall before making his move. If Haight
arrives first, he will dispatch his followers to strategic
positions around Paraiso Vista and leave them to deal with
anyone coming into the town. As always, Samuel Haight
will avoid combat unless absolutely necessary. He has more
important goals at the present time.

A\ll of Haight's servants carry automatic weapons and
are capable of unarmed combat. The Skin Dancers will
appear as normal people until the combat begins — Gifts,
Disciplines and magick aside. If confronted, they will
immediately convert to Crinos form. The fomori and the
Skin Dancers are all fanatically dedicated to Haight, and
will fight to the death. If the group looks to be losing to the
players, the Skinner will make his presence known. The
Skinner has no patience for interference, not so close to his
goal; he will use vulgar magick to make his point clear.

When the Troupe first arrives, Haight's minions open
up with everything they have. They want no disturbances
and plan to take no prisoners. Most of the fomori have
ranged powers, and those that do not are not afraid to throw
the shrapnel grenades that Haight provided. None of the
fomori or Skin Dancers have countermagick; unless they
can Dodge or resist direct attacks, magick will have its full
effect on them.

If Haight came with the vampire player characters,
another level of conflict is added. Do the players want to
help Haight? Have they been stringing him along? Now is
the time for the players to decide. Whatever their decision,
the player characters will have to live with it.


Running the Final Battle

The climax of this tale shou
be a triumph forthose'who have comes
claws of Garou, a vampire's

The Staff of the World Tree
‘Whatever happens to Flaight, th
=the transformation of the Tand..* .

"Allow the players to kill Haight persorrally*Make
to overcome his firepower
Ifand when Shaitan emerges,
worthrhis time.

Narrative Combat: Storytellers are a
the roaring flamesand chattering guns wit
and encourage your Troupe to perform tri

‘The Battlemaps The full-color map int
Sou tise miniatures in your game, you can'play out

Statistics: Forsimplicity, yoummay

getting hit fo
= hit. Hand-to-hand attacks should do' fourdice,

a

speed combat.

. Haight has hecothea gr:
a fleet risked so much:to kill him. Whether the Skint

fangs or &'mage's magick, his fall sl
isa sytfibol of all that Haight
J Staff shouldfollowim int

shift the terrain to make'the fig!
make him frightening but evasive.

dvised to let the background blaze away, be
out rolling for the location of every bullet.
ccks and crazy stunts. Let daring and cle

his bookecatt be used for the climactic struge
Ihe confrontation of-the-mountainsid
‘consider Haight's fomori to

them 4 Firearms a
Health Levels of more. Give
aoe while firearms s|

©The Final Conflict

and figure ti'the World of Darkness: His d

jeath should
ner goes down beneath the

Jhould shake the world.
has become: bloated with stol
bliviont:lts demolition represents @

"cork for it bit pay them off for their efforts. Gi

dramatic, and keep d
He should not stick around to figh

le with: this map.

be "two good shot" charactéts,
nd Melee dice pool of seven, wi
jhould do seven +-one pet success ro)

There's no time to give at all

I give you grief and blow my hatred
Further in your mind

You reach, I run, you fall

(On skinned knees you crawl

= — Alice in Chains, "Confusion"

Grimm wiped the sweat from his scarred face
as the last villager fled down the road, leaving
Paradise behind. Convincing the innocent Sleepers
that Hellin all its forms was about to descend upon their town had
been difficult, but in the end the sheriff had listened to reason.
Perhaps it was all worth it if the innocents survived. Wasn't that
what Ascension sas all about, seeking a better reality, striving for
perfection? Alll the same, it hurt. Bad. The innocents had been
saved, but they would be innocent no longer. Paradise was going to
Hell

Does the Troupe beat Samuel Haight to the punch? Do
they arrive in Paraiso Vista before the Skinner can set up
camp? If so, they may save the town. If not, a village of
bystanders will pay the price. Huitzilopoctli has groomed
Paraiso Vista over the centuries for a reason, and that reason
isathand. Ifthe Troupe wins, they may have just enough time
to evacuate the town before sundown and the arrival of
Haight

In either case, the town itself will likely be destroyed.
Such is the price of destiny. Fate has chosen Paraiso Vista as
the site of a great end and a terrible beginning. If the lives of
the villagerscan bespared, they may carry theirsmall harmony
into the World of Darkness. Whether it survives remains to be
seen, Fate is rarely kind,

If the Troupe Loses the
Race

If Haight beats the Troupe to Paraiso Vista, he will rush
to the door of Huitzilopoctli's Haven as soon as the sun sets.
Hehasnoreason tostop in hisplansandisfairly confident that
the troops he brought with him can handle any intrusions.
Even if they cannot, they can hold the fort for the small
amount of time this takes.

This is an ideal time for the Troupe (and any allies they
might have) to strike. Haight is out in the open, moving
toward his destiny with frantic disregard forstealth orsubtlety.
Blinded as he is by weariness, pride and desire, Haight leaves
the town wide open as a screen for his own actions. The
Troupe will have to go through it to get to him, and his
retainers will ensure that this isn'teasy. A final surprise awaits.

Bloodbath

Whether or not Haight actually reaches his destina-
tion, Huitzilopoctli has decided that the time has come to
make his presence known. While the battle rages near the
entrance to his lair, the powerful Kindred emerges from his
lair to finish whathe started. Every living human in Paraiso
Vista will be sacrificed to Huitzilopoctli's master, the
demon Ba'al, unless the players can stop the vampire.
Huitzilopoctli is only a name that was convenient
when the Kindred came to what is now Mexico. His true
name is Shaitan, and he has served the demons of Hell for
almost 6,500 years. The purpose of his sacrifices is simple —

Chapter Two: Treasure of Tears 113

enpowerdttd ready to blow.
brutal kind of rebireht

we them hints "

Jong drawn-out die follsto a minimum.
¢ — mortals are not

Jpind'the player characters. Deseribe
Play fast and loose with eombar tolls
-wéméss win the battlenot brute force.
Je-outside of Shaitan's Havén. If

adversaries whofall after
tha base Gifficultyof 6
lied. This will greatly

the power gained from the released souls is enough to
awaken his brethren, the other 12 Fourth Generation
Ba'ali. The time of Gehenna is one step close

The characters can see Huitzilopoctli clearly— he is
too confident in his power to be secretive. At a dramatic
point in the conflict, he will shatter the stone that blocks
the entrance to his Haven and race towards the village
below. If the people of Paraiso Vista remain, he will rip into
them like a chainsaw through rotted wood

The carnage in Paraiso Vista defies simple description;
Shaitan tears bodies apart with his bare hands, calling ina
vulgar and long forgotten tongue as he dedicates each soul
to Ba'al's greaterglory. His Celerity allows Shaitan to move
ina virtual blur, and bodies seem to explode of their own
volition. Bathed in innocent blood, Shaitan is a very
powerful figure, terrifying to behold. Any attempt to attack
him requires a Willpower Roll, difficulty 8, with at least
three successes

A devil personified walks the Earth. This devil has a
weakness, however; his ignorance of modern technology
and clever magick. Though he has observed the world
outside through the centuries, Shaitan ha:
ence with the awesome power of 20th century warfare.
Knowing that a thing exists is one thing; feeling it burn
your skin away is another.

no real experi-

Deep in his heart, the ancient knows fear. Even the
greatest of vampires knows the curse of the Rétschreck, the
fear offire. The holocaust in Mexico City has made Shaitan
leery of explosives and modern magick. Paradox, coinci-
dental magick and high explosives are mysteries to the
acient. Left to his own devi
town. Confronted with a determined assault using fire,

ai s, Shaitan will slaughter the

explosives or, worst of all, the Sun Lamp, the vampire will
flee. For now.

If the Troupe Wins the
Race

If the Troupe beats Haight to Paraiso Vista, a mas-
sive battle begins — the endgame of the Skinner's war.
In the town, on the mountain, in the very lair of Shaitan
himself, the Troupe will collect their pound of flesh from
the skin of Samuel Haight. This fight should be run for
maximum drama and excitement; long drawn-out die
rolling or deus ex machina interventions by Storyteller
characters should be avoided. The Troupe has struggled
long and hard to get this far. Weigh the odds in favor of
a rousing slugfest. The Skinner must die. Needless tosay,
the killer of Samuel Haight will gain great Renown
among the werewolves. Such glory will not, however,

come easily

Shaitan will race from his Haven at a dramatic point
in the battle, totally ignoring Samuel Haight. If the
villagers have been evacuated from the town, the mon-
ster will be furious. If not, he will ignore anyone in his

The Song of Huitzilopoctli
[have slept for so long, waiting for this moment. The
time has come to awaken my beloved siblings, the other
masters of the Ba'ali. We are legion, and we have biden.
our time for long enough. The world is ripe for the Bley
~ little love is left, so much hatred and violence. Until
Gehenna we were made to suffer, and so Gehenna shall
" come. At last my brethren will know peace, the peace that
only destruction can bring us.

[see them, Beyond the walls of my Haven theysquabble.
Lite children playing foolish games. So easily they dance,

uppets all... te
ie ty body moves after centuries of immobility; chere is
no pain, only fluid motion an

never be able to repay my debt to you,

shall make a start.
See them, the tiniest of infants next to me, Can you
fel theic feat as clearly as I ean? Can you see the tremors
that shake their bodies? Let them finish their petty war
have other matters to ateend to, My special children walt
below, believing that they are blessed of their God an
woefully innocent of any sins worth noticing. They are ,
perfect, 400 pure souls ready to feed you, my master, Ge
Ba'al accept this offering and know that itis only the firs
of many. My ruse is at last ended; your pitiful servant

Shaitan, is ready to do your bidding.

but here at least, ee

path until he reaches his planned sacrifices — the
| innocents of Paraiso Vista. Anyone attempting to go toe
to toe with Shaitan will be smashed to pulp. A deter-
| mined attack, however, will cause him to flee. The
vampire has not planned and rested all these years
simply to die in a stupid pitched battle. Why should he
fight? The world is full of victims.

Haight will be furious. All of his battles have been
for nothing. He may well attack Shaitan himself in his
rage. His quarry gone, the Skinner may either stand or
attempt to escape. He does not realize that his luck has

| finally run out.

There is one fatal flaw that Haight has not realized
about his Staff of the World Tree; while the staff does
indeed add substantially to his countermagick roll, it
only works against one source of attack at a time. Haight
uses the staff to power his countermagick, and to aid him
in his own defenses against any Garou or Kindred at-
tacks. There are limits to what even this Talisman can
do. Samuel Haight has built up a substantial charge on
his Paradox account; that charge is about to come due.
With interest.

\d grace. Great Ba'al, I shall ee

The Paradox Nuke

The Troupe gives Haight their best shot; if
they succeed on their own, let them have the glory
of ripping Haight's skin from his own bones or
draining his potent blood. If they're too battered
by this point to take him down, other factors come
into play, factors that Haight himself has set in
motion.

The Staff has become a Paradox battery, ab-
sorbing incoming magick and the Skinner's own
Paradox leakage. It has taken about all that it can.
handle. Now each use of the staff causes a portion
of the Quintessence stored inside to change, liter-
ally transforming the power into Paradox. Any
mage with one ot more dots in Prime will be able
to see the holocaust waiting to happen.

When Haight has absorbed more than five
magickal attacks or has fired off more than five
vulgar magick effects, the staff deactivates. With
the next usage, the Staff cracks, and Haight takes
the full damage of the attack or the Paradox. If,
Haight is struck even once more — and that
includes the impact of falling dead or uncon-
scious to the ground — the Staff explodes.

Samuel Haight is hit by raw energies —
Quintessence, Paradox and possibly others. The
power is such that the Troupe can clearly see
Haight's skeleton before the flesh is seared awz
from his body. Haight's last words are lost in a
crackle of thunder, and the entire mountain is bathed in
eldritch lights.

The Staff's explosion is a massive thing, and only
blind luck saves any of the Troupe. The surviving Ma-
rauders, who have watched and aided Samuel Haight
from the beginning, literally absorb the brunt of the
Paradox explosion. They appear unharmed, and even
seem pleased by the experience. If Shaitan is around
when the Staff explodes, he will be gone when the dust
settles.

This does not mean that the Troupe doesn't suffer.
10 levels of Aggravated Damage rip through the air,
tearing into the town of Paraiso Vista and warping
reality wherever the wave of power touches. The entire
side of the mountain on which Paraiso Vista rests is
devastated. The characters can use their appropriate
defenses to attempt soaking the damage, or in the case of
mages, deflecting the damage or Co-locating to a safe
distance.

Chapter Two: Treasure of Tears


The Land Transformed

And if the music stops

There's only the sound of the rain;

Alll the hope and glory

Alll the sacrifice in vain

If love remains

Though everything is lost

We will pay the price,

But we will not count the cost

— Rush, "Bravado"

If and when the Staff explodes, the chances of any
character coming through that explosion unharmed are
very slim, and most may be near death. But the characters
should live through the explosion. What's the point of
defeating Samuel Haight if they all die in the process?
Courage and determination have brought them here; let

the characters and the play
fair.

s revel in their victory; fair is

The Chaos Factor

The Marauders, always good sports about these things,
will move any incapacitated characters to another area, not
far from the mountain. Why? Just because. They need no
reason for their actions; it would seem like the proper thing
todo.

The land has changed around them; rocks have lique-
fied and run, solidifying again but radiating no heat. Trees
have crystallized, and living animals have mutated, some
for the better, most for the worse. At the very epicenter of
the Paradox explosion, askeleton stands, untouched by the
force of the blast. The skeleton isall that remains of Samuel
Haight. The Skinner is dead. The brittle bones are fused
into one solid lump. There isa hideous odor, like bumthair
and stagnant water, wafting from the remains.

There is no sign of Shaitan.

The Skin Dancers and fomori are dead. The mortal
remains of Paraiso Vista's people, if they were in the path
of Shaitan or the battle, are freezing cold to the touch. As
they thaw, the bodies rapidly putrefy. The wraiths that
were here are gone as well. In Paraiso Vista all is peaceful
again. Too peaceful, perhaps.

Aftermath

It's still geting worse after everything] tried
What if I found a way to wash it all inside?

—Nine Inch Nails, "Sanctified"

The Skinner is dead, driven too far at last
by his mad dreams. But his death is hardly the
end. Mexico City is in the midst ofan upheaval
that could shake the very foundations of the
World of Darkness.

* The Technocracy dismisses the events
of the past days as a civil uprising, followed by blackout,
rioting, and a massive earthquake. Hundreds may be dead;
thousands more are homeless. A crackdown begins among the
Sleeper community; there must be scapegoats found and
punished for the bombings. Most mortals will accept these
explanations and rebuild as they always have. Not everyone
will, however. The Inquisition and Celestial Chorus will soon
be receiving an influx of new believers. And journalists
worldwide will search for answers

* The Underbelly of the Wyrm was held in unity because
Shaitan manipulated the leaders of the Sepulchre into trust-
ing each other. That connection is gone now. If the
Pandemonium was attacked, the servants of the entity will no.
longer havea place of power tocall their own, Where will they
go? How will they survive?

* The Technocracy still intends to destroy the
supernaturals that do not fit into their world as easily as the
Technomancers desire. But they have a few new problems of
their own. The Conventions cannot tolerate so blatant an
assault, even by their own forces. At least a few of the leaders
in Mexico City are likely on their way out. Who will replace
them, and whom can the Technocracy trust to handle their
affairs in Mexico City?

* Mexico's Tapestry has been badly rent; it will be
months before the odd occurrences, "shallowings" and spon-

taneous Awakenings taper off. This may be both a good and a
bad thing for the Ascension War.

* The Sabbathave losta great many oftheirnumbers, and
the war still rages on. The Kindred of Mexico City were,
perhaps, too certain of their powerbase. One man has brought
violent change tothe Sabbat's capital in the Americas. Which
Kindred met Final Death? Whosurvived torule the area? How
will the Sabbat deal with the Technocracy's plans to destroy
them?

* The Samedi and Giovanni just may decide to stick
around. With so much confusion, infiltrating the Sabbat
could well be easier now than at any other time. But just what
are their plans in the long run? Just whom do these Kindred
answer to when all is said and done?

* The Bone Gnawers of the Sweet Water Sept have
suffered as few Garou ever have before. In the Blight-ridden
city that has always been their home, they have watched all
that they cared for thrown into the winds of war and chaos.
Are they strong enough to continue their battle in a city
controlled by the Wyrm?

* Pentex has survived the destruction with little damage
The people they lost can be replaced and their factories are
well insured. True, they've lost a few dozen fomori, but there
are always more humans willing to make the same mistakes
NAFTA still holds so much potential, and the people in the
best position to take advantage of NAFTA are already in the
city, planning their next move. Can anyone stop Pentex
before all is lost?

* Where did Shaitan go, and what will happen if he
succeeds in his plans? How much harm can the Thirteen
eldest Ba'ali do if they are united in their efforts to bring
about Gehenna?

The answers to all these questions and more, dear
Storyteller, are up to you.

Chapter Two: Treasure of Tears 117


3 endix One:

haracters

Certain individuals
Aren't sticking to the plan

earching for a Heart"

Warren Zevon,

Characters are the heart of any storytelling game:
appendix presents important character informa
Chaos Factor Storytellers. Part One details Shai
Samuel Haight. Part Two gives the Storyteller a variety of

Part One: Main Characters

Several characters play key roles in "The
Chaos Factor." While important fi
Mexico City are described in Chapter

quick-reference statistics for general encounters along the

way, and Part Three describes new werewolf tribe,

Samuel Haight's Skin Dancers.

Generation: 4th
Embrace: 4500 B.C.

ures in

the two main figures in the story itself are Apparent Age: 20
detailed below Physical: Strength 7 (9), Dexterity 6 (8), Stamina 7 (9)
_— : Charisma 8, Manipulation 9, Appearance 0
Shaitan erception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 7
Sire: Ashur Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Diplomacy 6, Dodge 5,
Nature: Architect Dreaming 7, Empathy 6, Intrigue 9, Leadership 8, Mimicry

Demeanor: Visionary 6, Public Speaking 3, Sense Deception 9, Search 5, Seduc

: Ba'ali tion 4, Subterfuge 9, Throwing 2


Skills: Blacksmith 2, Blind Fighting 3, Body Alter-
ation 6, Bribery 9, Camouflage 3, Etiquette 1, Melee 5,
Survival 9, Torture 9, Tracking 6, Traps 3

Knowledges: Alchemy 3, Anthropology 7, Archaeology 9,
Area Knowledge (Mexico, Mesopotamia) 9, Astrology 3, A
tronomy 1, Black Hand Knowledge 5, Camarilla Lore 3,
Secrets 9, Kindred Lore 9, Lupine Lore 5, Mage Lore 4,
Medicine 5, Occult (Demonic Lore) 9, Psychology 3,
Politics 8, Sabbat Lore 9, Sewer Lore 3, Spirit Lore 9,
Theology 9 (Always know your enemy), Toxicology 6, Wyrm
Lore 9

Virtues: Treachery 5, Cruelty 5, Courage 5

Disciplines (Normal ranking; reduce by 2 when
freshly awakened): Animalism 6, Auspex 9, Celerity 6,
Chimestry 6, Daimonon 9, Dark Thaumaturgy 7,
Dementation 8, Dominate9, Fortitude 7, Obtenebration 4,
Presence 9, Protean 7, Potence 9, Thaumaturgy 4,
Visceratika 3

Investments: 9 (Infernal Ranking)

Backgrounds: Altemate Identity, Allies 9, Contacts 9,
Herd 9, Influence 9, Resources 4, Retainers 9, Status 9

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations 10
(see below)

Humanity: 0

Willpower: 10

Derangements: Obsession; Shaitan feels that he
must corrupt all of humanity to please Baal. Natu-
rally, he is right.

Blood Pool: 50/10

Background: Shaitan was born in 4520 BC as
a slave in what the Kindred now refer to as the

alone elevated him in rank as a favored servant of
Ashur. Shaitan was the second to be embraced by
Ashur, and was incorrigible.

Not long after his embrace, Shaitan left the city and
traveled to the east, through Mesopotamia and into the
lands ofKala-At-Sherghat. While on his journey, he learned
much of the strange Eastern philosophies, refining Disci-
plines thathad never existed before. These he taught to the
fellow Childer of Ashur, all save for Gangrel, whom he
loathed. Gangrel took the slight personally, and pointed
out to Ashur that Shaitan had been twisted by consorting
with the Children of Lillith, a direct breach of Caine's
commandments. Word of this soon passed among all of the
Kindred in the Second City, and, against Ashur's will,
Shaitan and his followers were banished.

Second City. Beautiful beyond comparison, his beauty tS
4,'

Shaitan went east again, and soon built a city of his
own in Kala-At-Shergat, following his own rules and con-
quering many surrounding lands. Then Shaitan met Baal,
a powerful, greedy demon willing to teach the vampire a
few new tricks. Shaitan swore fealty to Baal, feeling that he
had been mistreated by his own kind and willing to serve
another to get revenge.

At Baal's command, Shaitan expanded his nation
even further, starting great sacrifices to Baal's glory and
forcing many of the smaller tribes into slavery. Perhaps he
would have continued ruling the area for all time, but the
Second City fell, and with its fall, it brought a flood of other
Kindred into the area. By the time the other Kindred
arrived, Shaitan's rule was well established, and he and his
brethren were treated as gods by the people in the area
Although he still made
long since left the ai

crifices to Baal, the demon had

aitan had no support when the
and Brujah came to the area and
decided to make it their own.

The Baali, as SI

Ashurians, Assamites

nd his brethren had taken to
calling themselves, were few in number and had remained
that way. The majority of newly-Embraced Kindred
ritually slaughtered for their blood, their hearts given over
to Baal. The Brujah and Assamite forces, along with the
Ashurians, overthrew them with eas
ease. The Baali were destroyed, down to the last one... or so

it seemed.
==

ZINN;

NAN y) 4

perhaps too much


In truth, Baal had wamed Shaitan and his fellows of the
danger that was coming from the west, and they had vacated
the area, leaving demonically-altered childer behind to be
sacrificed in their stead

The Baali scattered to the four comers of the earth; each
of the 13 eldest took a number of their Get with them and
began setting new goals for their plans of vengeance and
power. Baal's warning was taken to heart, and the Baali
learned the art of subtlety. No longer conquering any area and
claiming dominion, they chose false nami
those of preexisting gods. In the guise of these local gods, the
Baali guided the hands of their worshippersand grew in power

, often

Shaitan begana long voyage across the ocean to reach the
North American Continent. From the time of the Olmecs
(1200-200 BC) through the times of the Toltecs, the Mayans
andall of the Aztec Empire's history, Shaitan was there, often
guiding subtly through retainers and taking a direct hand in
the battles for supremacy. Other Kindred came to the area,
ignorant of Shaitan's presence; these interloping Kindred
were either driven away, comupted into service or destroyed.

For more than 2,700 years, Shaitan ruled over the area
where Mexico stands today, either in person ot by proxy. He
still rules over the area — he simply has chosen not to make
a public appearance in 400 years, This is about to change

Image: Shaitan stands almost eight feet tall. Due to his
longassociation with Baal, his body has gone through physical
changes that have left him as hideous as any Nosferatu. His
skin isa translucent white with a texture similar to sandpaper
While hishairhas become somethingakin to fine tendrils, his
eyes are slitted like those of a reptile and his face has taken on
demonic characteristics, including ram horns growing out of
his skull. A palpable aura of evil can be sensed by virtually
everyone he encounters.

Roleplaying Hints: Youdonottalkto fools. Anyone who
does not succumb to your power is not worth acknowledging,
unless he has True Faith. Ignore the weak; destroy the strong

Notes: This Methuselah is ridiculously strong. His long
torpor has reduced many of his formidable skills, but given
time, he will attain almost godlike power. The Troupe will
have an edge when dealing with him, however; his knowledge
of modern weaponry isacademic. He has been in Torporforso
longhe has forgotten the sting of ire and the might of magick.
Faced with determined resistance, he will flee and plot his
revenge at a later time. His Attributes and Disciplines have
also been reduced by his long slumber. When he awakens,
Shaitan is comparatively weak. [twill take several months for
him to regain his true power.

While Shaitan fully follows the Path of Evil Revelations,
he isnot amember of the Sabbat. Shaitan has been tutored by
Baal to open his mind to the possibilities of his power. His
extremely high Disciplines reflect his teachings. Shaitan long
al, and is very much a pawn of
a demon in a vampiric body

since gave his soul to
demons; he is effectivel

Samuel Haight

This time you'
This time you've gone too far,

e gone t00 far,

This time you've gone too far,

I told you,
told you,
I told you,
told you
— Peter Gabriel, "Digging In The Dirt"

Breed: Homid

Tribe: Outcast — he thinks of himself as the first of
the Skin Dancer Tribe.

Tradition: Orphan
Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Architect

Essence: Dynamic
Auspice: Theurge

Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5 (4/3/2/2), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Firearms 5, Meditation 4,
Melee 4, Leadership 5, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 4, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 3, Occult 5, Politics 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Avatar 5, Fetish 5, Library 4,
Resources 5

Willpower 9, Arete 5, Rage 10, Gnosis 8 (Quintes-
sence 8/Paradox 2)

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 3, Forces 3, Life 2,
Matter 3, Prime 2, Spirit 4

Fetishes/Talismans: The Staff of the World Tree

Level: N/A, Arete: 6, Quintessence: (see below)

Special Power: Countermagick (Dice Total: 9)

Sphere Rotes/Effects: Divided Sight, Ripple through
Space (Correspondence); Slay Machine, Erode Matter
(Entropy); Darksight, System Havoc, Elemental Blast
(Forces 3, Prime 2) (Forces); Sense Life, Mold Tree, Better
Body, Rip the Man-Body (Life); Sense Quintessence, Chan-
nel Quintessence (Prime)

Note: For simplicity, roll 3 dice for vulgar effects and
6 for coincidental ones.

Samuel Haight has no idea just how much power he
holds in his hands, nor has he any clue as to just how fragile
that power is. The staff is used by Haight primarily as a
device for countermagick: it adds 4 dice of power to every
countermagick roll that he makes. The staffis charged with
over 200 points of Quintessence, but each time Haight uses
the staff to defend against more than one attack at a time,
the energies within the staff are converted at a geometric
rate from Quintessence to Paradox. In truth, the staff
should not exist; it is a Paradox within itself. Haight is
about to discover this the hard way.

Gifts: Bane Protector, Wyrm Hide, Unseelie Faerie
Kin, Blood Omen, Heightened Senses, Curse of Aeolus,
Visceral Agony, Razor Claws, Thieving Talons of the
Magpie, Inspiration

Thaumaturgy: Samuel Haight knows several
Thaumaturgic paths and rituals, most of which can be
found in the Vampire: The Masquerade rulebook. These
minor magics do not invoke Paradox, but he cannot aug-
ment them with Quintessence or his staff. The Paths has
studied are Movement of Mind 3, Lure of Flames 2, Weather
Control 2 and Spirit Thaumaturgy 1. He also knows the
following rites: the Ritual of Sacred Rebirth, Donning the
Mask of Shadows, Puissant Shield and Ward Against
Lupines (he's still a bit leery of trying that last one; it might
affect him!).

Appendix One: Characters 121


Background: Samuel Haight was a Kinfolk of the
Garou, but was never satisfied with just being Kinfolk.
Haight's father and his cousins, the Carney Brothers, had
known the glory of being Garou, and Samuel Haight
resented their existence. Sam tried many times to gain his
father's respect in other ways, but truth be known, he was
always something of a disappointment.

He finally found something that he was truly good at
— hunting, He hunted big game the world over, stalking
and killing every type of dangerous prey imaginable. From
other Kinfolk, Sam learned about the other supernatural
powers that existed. His fascination with the occult even
led him to try learning from the Verbena, but to no avail;
he could not manage their difficult rituals. In the words of
his teacher, his "Avatar would not Awaken."

Haight continued in his quest, eventually leading him
against a vampire he assaulted and managed to kill. Samuel
took the vampire's blood when he left. He had learned in
his travels that the blood of vampires was healing and life-
extending. He also took all of the books of magic that the
vampire possessed. Through trial and error, bolstered by
the rich vite, he started teaching himself the art of
Thaumaturgy.

As he traveled the world, learning more of the
Thaumaturgic arts and hunting more and more exotic
creatures, Haight ran across a Ritual that changed his life.
The Ritual of Sacred Rebirth, found in the possession of a
dark cult in India, taught Samuel thathe could take control
of all aspects of his life. With the ritual, Samuel Haight
could become a Garou himself... fhe was willing to pay the
price. With the skins of five Garou, he could become a
werewolf, (This is detailed in the adventure "Skins" from
Valkenberg Foundation.)

Samuel Haight slaughtered and skinned the necessary
number of Garou and used the ritual. In the process, he
became a pawn of the Wyrm, Chased by other Garou,
Haight used a powerful fetish, Shedding the Spirit Skin,

‘Amazon Basin, realizing that the bloody battle zone would
be a fabulous place to gather more pelts for the creation of
still more Kinfolk-Garou. By tapping into the resentment
of many Kinfolk, Haight hoped to create a new tribe for
Pentex, a tribe called the Skin Dancers .

While locked in Ischen's domain, Sam learned several
new tricks from his host. What he did not learn from the
demon, he stole from the Dreamspeaker Oracle El Dorado,
using the power of afetish called the Conquistador's Sword.
The Sword was meant to steal El Dorado's power, but
shattered in the attempt, leaving Samuel Haight with a
rudimentary level of knowledge in several Spheres. Some
believed that Haight had been destroyed in his battle
against the Garou in the Dorado Realm, but once again, he
managed to escape what should have been his death by
slipping into the Umbra when the werewolves saw him
apparently torn apart by elementals of the Wyld. (See "In
Dreams and Nightmares" from Rage Across the Amazon
for more details.)

The Skinner was next seen when he attacked the
Crombey Farm Chantry. Haight meant to barter for the
right to learn from the Verbena, but the Chantry's leader,
Alistair Crombey, refused him. With the help of a Chantry
member who betrayed his family, Haight was able to rip the
power of the Chantry's World Tree away, taking a branch
of the tree asa source for the power's containment. In the
process, he murdered Crombey's wife, Allison, and gained
the enmity of the Verbena Tradition. (This has been
chronicled in "The Salesman's Tale" in The Book of
Chantries.)

A few months later, Haight appeared in New Orleans,
this time coming to the aid of the Camarilla. He informed
the Kindred of a vampiric slaving ring and gained the

friendship of several Kindred. Only a few

which allowed him to escape into the Umbra. Faced with Si
the truth of his actions, he went somewhat mad. gpa

Using his fetish, Haight fled into the Deep Umbra f° ignored jn gyi such
and into the lair of schen, a powerful demon lockediinto J). Fepresene edt eBcOunters Cckeroundto¢ ie
a section of the Umbra ages before by the Garou. The f>. Fetiember ey tthe cul by gy ol" aid: magicg, 2Y be
creature desired a way back to the material plane and ~~ UP the éffgepe Jdement ang ott impro Fhe
felt that the fetish was a perfect way to escape. The outa Consistency whe" but
unintentional intervention of everal Sabbat vampires J. acertain ane? "HEN running J making
foiled the creature's attempts and allowed Samuel OWA. Ino OF good hia TE COMbaLS, sins
Haight back into the material world. (For informa- §* decide: joy 4 Of rolling 9. j°°2tVto taken sien
tion, see "A Quest Beyond Death" in The Storytellers. |... beginning on Punishmers®, "inst. dain FPoneAS
Handbook to the Sabbat.) Fe 80 goon peck Spieal Dance & Sharacter eae Sitbly

Haight, now known as "The Skinner," had [© dropping 4 "SF four » fOr instarice ies
worked for Pentex before his "rebirth" and saw no. fF -™ore shors op gk POWerful alt Levels pee?
reason not to return to his previous employers /-SU&gestion i, "Health Levels pat require & efor <
upon coming home. Through Pentex, Haight met 2. fights. urely Optional hy he goes downy-ry hy
Robert Allred, and the two became comrades-in- : i 5

arms. It was Allred who sent the Skinner to the

The Chaos Factor

The Skinner was next seen when he attacked the
Crombey Farm Chantry. Haight meant to barter for the
right to learn from the Verbena, but the Chantry's leader,
Alistair Crombey, refused him. With the help of a Chantry
member who betrayed his family, Haight was able to rip the
power of the Chantry's World Tree away, taking a branch
of the tree as a source for the power's containment. In the
process, he murdered Crombey's wife, Allison, and gained
the enmity of the Verbena Tradition. (This has been
chronicled in "The Salesman's Tale" in The Book of
Chantries.)

A few months later, Haight appeared in New Orleans,
this time coming to the aid of the Camarilla. He informed
the Kindred of a vampiric slaving ring and gained the
friendship of several Kindred. Only a few weeks prior to this
tale, Haight encountered a small Orphan Chantry, sk
tering the mages inside and forcing the power of their
into his Staff. (This occurs in the adventure "D'jabbic" in
New Orleans by Night.)

Haight has decided to end his battles. He has discov-
ered lore that will now lead him to he thinks is an
Antediluvian's Haven (the Fouth Generation Kindred is
actually a Methuselah, but Haight doesn't know the differ-
ence). With the blood he hopes to obtain, Haight plans to
drop from sight and expand his Skin Dancer tribe. He does
not realize that peace is beyond his reach; he has over-
stepped the laws of gods, man and creation. Now his soul is
ravaged by madness, his mind is drifting into Quiet, and his
power is threatened by Paradox. Haight is running on
borrowed time, and his final race fuels Shaitan's awaken-
ing. The chaos and death he causes may very well herald
the beginning of Gehenna...

Image: Samuel Haight isa middle-aged man with hazel
eyes and brown hair shot through with gray. He is in
excellent physical condition, but trembles with exhaus-
tion. His muscles, in Crinosand Lupus forms, ripple beneath
a brown coat shot with gray. His face is drawn with physical
exhaustion and scars cover his body. To those whom he has
battled before, he looks less in control than ever before

Roleplaying Notes: So many battles, so many deaths.
You have so much to correct, so much to change, and your
work has only just begun. Still, it all seems worth it. You
hold in your hands the power of God. The energies that
throb within both the staff and your own being beckon you
onward; you need only learn how to harness them. For that,
you need time. In order to continue learning before you
have grown old, you need the blood of a powerful Kindred.
Nothing must stop you. Your destiny is clear.

Notes: Samuel Haight must die.

The method of his death can be as dramatic or as
ignominious as your Troupe prefers, but he must not be

"Appendix One: Characters

123


Part Two: Background Characters

The Chaos Factor involves hundreds of
supernatural beings. Obviously, we cannot
present statistics for each of them; the list-
ings below will give the Storyteller some
basic background.

The following write-ups represent three
ranks of supernatural beings for encounters
yO shiv the story. Most encountered beings

A441 will come from the first rank given below,
especially if they are vampires created by the Sabbat as
cannon fodder. Specific individuals are given in Book One,
Chapter Two.

Golems

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 8, Cha-
Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 0, Wits 0
Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Intimidation 4
Health: OK, OK, OK, +1, -1, -1, -2, -2, 3, -4, 5,
Incapacitated
Countermagick: The golemsadd  toall countermagick
rolls.

risma 0,

Image: The golems are large, heavy figures made of
clay instead of flesh. Their skin is moist and their faces are
stern. They do notspeakand they donotchange their facial
expressions.

Garou

The following statistics represent three different levels
of Garou: Newly Changed, Average and Leader

Pup: Newly Changed

Breed: Any, but probably homid for Bone Gnawers
and metis for Black Spiral Dancers

Auspice: Any

ibe: Either Bone Gnawer (1) or Black Spiral Dancer (2)

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/5), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (2/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 1,

Skills: Melee 1, Repair 1, Stealth 1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Linguistics 1, Area Knowl-
edge (Mexico City) 2

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2, Mentor 1

Gifts: (1) Scent of Sweet Honey, one Auspice Gift,
one Breed Gift/ (2) Shroud, one Auspice Gift, one Breed
Gift

124 The Chaos Factor

Rank: |
Rage 5, Gnosis 2, Willpower 5
Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2

5, Incapacitated

Average Werewolf

Breed: As above

Auspice: Any

Tribe: Bone Gnawer or Black Spiral Dancer

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5),

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Ap-
pearance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intel

ence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Primal-Urge 1, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2,
Leadership 2, Rep alth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Mexico City) 4, Enig-
mas 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Kinfoll

Gifts: (1) four first lev.
or two third level

Rank: 2 or 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2,-2,-5, Incapacitated

Rites: (Pick 2 or 3) Talisman Dedication, Rite of
Contrition, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Fetish,
Rite of Summoning

Fetish

Expression 2, Intimidation 2,

2, Contacts 4
(2) three second level (3) one

aries by individual: | fetish, or 2 to 3 talens

Leader

Breed: As above

Auspice: Any

Tribe: Bone Gnawers or Black Spiral Dancers

Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/6/6), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Ap-
pearance 2 (0/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,

Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Leader-
ship 4, Performance 3, Repair 4, Stealth 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Mexico City) 5, Enig-
mas 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Occult 3, Rituals 3

ontact!

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2,
Gifts: (1) six first level: (2) five second level; (3) three
third level; (4) two fourth level; (5) one or two fifth level


Rank: 4 or 5

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2,-2,-5, Incapacitated

Rites: Rite of Burial, Rite of Contrition, Rite of Fe-
tishes, Rite of Ostracism, Rite of Passage

Fetishes: 2 to 3 fetishes and 2 to 5 talens.

Fetishes: Mask of Death (Level 5, Gnosis 8); The Bone
Gnawers of Mexico City have a special fetish that they
have designed, and each member of the Sweet Waters Sept
has one. The Mask of Death is actually a simple wooden
mask carved in the shape of a skull. Each Mask allows the
person wearing it to simply be ignored by everyone around
them. While wearing the Masks, the Bone Gnawers can be
in any form and still not worry about being noticed. Itis not
uncommon, during the Days of the Dead, for the entire sept
to walk the streets in Crinos form, ready to meet any
potential threat. So long as they make no violent action
against their targets, they are simply overlooked. Ifa Garou
wearing the Mask attacks someone, however, the power of

the fetish no longer hides the Garou from his target.

Kindred

The following statistics are for average Kindred of 13th
Generation, 11th Generation and 8th Generation.

Generation: 13th

Clan: Any of the Sabbat

Embrace: Within the last 50 years

Apparent Age: Varies

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Medicine 1,
Occult 1, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 1

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 2, Morale 2

Disciplines: One point in any three to four Disciplines
Backgrounds: Resources 1, Contacts 2, Allies 3
Path: 1 in any Path

Willpower: 5

Blood Pool: 10/1

Generation: llth
Clan: Any
Embrace: Within the last 75 years
Apparent Age: Varies
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Medicine 5, Occult 2,
Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 3

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 3, Morale 4
Disciplines: Seven dots in any five Disciplines
Backgrounds: Resources 3, Contacts 4, Allies 5
Path: 5 in any Path

Willpower: 7

Blood Pool: 12/1

Generation: 8th
Clan: Any
Embrace: Anytime within the last 200 years
Apparent Age: Varies
: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Music 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Medicine 5, Occult 2,
Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 5

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instinets 5, Morale 4

Disciplines: Nine to 11 dots in any seven Disciplines

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Influence 3

Path: 7 in any Path, probably the path of Evil Revela-
tions in Mexico City

Willpower: 8
Blood Pool: 15/3

Mages

The followingstatistics are given as examples of Newly-
Awakened Mages, Experienced Magesand Chantry Leaders.
There are very few mages in Mexico City who are not
described in Chapter Two.

Newly-Awakened Mage

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Any

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 1, Awareness 2, Expression 2, Intu-
ition 3, Intimidation 1,

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Meditation 2, Research 2

Knowledges: Cosmology 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 1, Occult 1

Appendix One: Characters 125


Spheres: Correspondence 2, Forces 2, Prime 2 (or any
other combination of six Spheres)

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Destiny 1, Library 1, Mentor 2

Arete 3, Willpower 6, Quintessence 11, Paradox 3

Experienced Mages
Essence: Questing
Tradition/Faction: Any (usually Nephandi,
or Technocracy)
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 4, Ex-
pression 2, Intuition 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Meditation 5, Research 4,
Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 3, Cosmology 3, Culture 4,
Enigmas 5, Medicine 3, Occult 5. nce 4
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 2, Life 2, Mind 3,
Prime 3 (orany combination of 6 to 12 in the Spheres, with
one or two being prominent)
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Avatar 3, Chantry 4, Dream 1,
Influence 2, Library 3, Mentor 5
Arete 5, Willpower 8, Quintessence 15, Paradox 4

Chantry Leaders

Essence: Any

Tradition: Any

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Awareness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 5, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Firearms 3, Meditation 5, Melee 2,
Research 5, Survival 5, Stealth 5, Technology 5,

Knowledges: Computer 4, Cosmology 5, Enigmas 5,
Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguistics 5, Medicine 4, Occult 5,
Science 4

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 2, Forces 3, Life 3,
Matter 4, Mind 2, Prime 5, Spirit 2, Time 1 (or any combina-
tion of Spheres, 15 to 25 points. Chantry mages have little
time for trivial matters.)

Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Avatar 4, Chantry 5, Dream 4,
Influence 4, Library 5, Node 5, Talisman 4

Arete 8, Willpower 10, Quintessence 17, Paradox 2

The Chaos Factor


Across the abyss
This weary traveler struggles on
Casting his eyes upon the ground, he cries out,
"Js there no end to this immortal pain that haunts
me?"
— Christian Death, "The Path of Sorrows"
Skin Dancers are false Garou created by
the Ritual of Sacred Rebirth, a forbidden
@ Wyrm ritual that transforms Kinfolk into
Garou by using the skin and blood of true werewolves. The
Skin Dancers can only be created from Garou Kinfolk;
attempts to try the ritual with non-Kinfolk will simply fail

These "reborn" werewolves begin their existence at
least mildly corrupted by the Wyrm, but the path they
choose to follow after their "rebirth" is entirely in their own
hands. Created, as they are, from the bodies of born Garou,
the taint of corruption hangs about them. Some few,
however, overcome this and join the ranks of their cousins.
For any Skin Dancer, the path is there. The will to walk
away from the Wyrm and avoid its traps is within the hearts
ofall Skin Dancers.

Contrary to common conceptions, the Skin Dancers
arenot associated with the Black Spiral Dancers. The latter
have danced themselves to madness within the Black
Spiral, giving themselves completely to the Wyrm. They
are, with a few possible exceptions, beyond redemption
Skin Dancers, however, can rise above their beginnings
and reject the Wyrm. Whereas the Black Spiral Dancers
suffer from insanity as a result of their acceptance of the
Wyrm, the Skin Dancers are as sane as their circumstances
allow. The Black Spirals, and most other tribes for that
matter, regard the Skin Dancers as "false Garou" and often
attack them on sight. The bastard progeny of "Skinner"
Haight have a hard road ahead of them if anyone discovers
the truth of their rebirth.

Skin Dancers do not normally have Gifts, as they have
not aligned themselves with a particular set of Banes or
spirits. Iris possible for the Skin Dancers to learn Gifts, but
at this point they must be taught by other Garou or spirits.
Given the enmity real Garou bear towards the Skin Danc-
ers, this is a difficult arrangement to make. Some
Wyrm-tainted Skin Dancers learn Gifts from Banes in
exchange for favors, but the majority rely on physical power
over spirit aid, Certain Backgrounds also do not apply to
Skin Dancers. No Skin Dancer can have Past Life or Pure
Breed, and very few have the Fetish Background (if they
do, they likely stole their fetishes from a victim), Kinfolk,
Rites or Totem.

The Bastard Tribe are not, as some suppose,
shapeshifting mages. They are Garou, albeit false ones in
many senses of the word. None have displayed any ability
with the Spheres of True Magick. The only exception is

Samuel Haight himself. The Skinner quite literally stole
the ability to perform magick by severing a portion of El
Dorado's Avatar with the Conquistador's Sword. The arti-
fact was destroyed during the "exchange," and no other
Skin Dancer could hope to use the powerful fetish again
Samuel Haight is the exception, not the rule.

Skin Dancers, asa rule, do not have the strong sense of
tradition and belonging that their "legitimate" co
share. The other tribes, even the Black Spiral Dancers,
have codes of ethics and rules that guide them in theit lives.
The Bastard Tribe have not been around long enough to
develop their own guidelines. The Skin Dancers are a tribe
of Ronin, unaccepted by the other tribes and unwilling to
bend to the beliefs of most Garou.

Alll Skin Dancers feel obligated to Samuel Haight to
one degree or another, but not all of them hold to Haight's
twisted philosophies. The Skin Dancers were originally
Kinfolk, anda good number remember how poor their lives
were before the rebirth. The difference between humans
and Garou are too extreme to describe — the power to
venture into the Umbra is something that most humans
will never know. To the Skin Dancers , becoming Garou is
literally like being reborn — comparable perhaps, only to
a mage's Epiphany. More often than not, the bitterness that
had crept into their lives as Kinfolk is destroyed with the
rebirth. The Skin Dancers have achieved their goals; why
should they be bitter? How many of us can truly say we have
realized our dreams?

In choosing his disciples, Haight usually selected Kin-
folk with a degree of combat skill. Most Skin Dancers are
well versed in the martial arts, both with and without
weapons, and a substantial number are marksmen as well
The primary Abilities of the Skin Dancers reflect their
fighting knowledge. Many are also well-versed in survival
techniquesand are fully capable of living off the land for the
rest of their lives if necessary. Haight chose carefully during
his screening process; he understood all too well the risks
that his Skin Dancers would have to take.

Most Garou will not hesitate to kill a Skin Dancer on
sight. Five Garou have to die before one Skin Dancer is
created. Members of the Bastard Tribe have learned quickly,
though, and none will openly admit to being a creation of
Samuel Haight. The charade is not difficult in these last
days. The decent ones, however, feel shame and guilt for
the Garou who died so that they might be reborn. As time
passes, this new tribe may feel the weight of Harano more
deeply than the Thirteen Tribes ever will. Then again, this
new blood may shift the balance of the Apocalypse in
Gaia's favor if enough Skin Dancers join their cousins in
battle. It is still far too soon to know what the fate of the
Bastard Tribe will be.

ins

Appendix One: Characters. 127


Appendix Two:
PP Rules

Paradox runs rampant throughout the
A second half of "Chaos Factor." The mages go
out of their way to try to capture or kill
H Samuel Haight, while the Technocracy pulls
out all the stops and attempts to contain a
situation that is beyond control. Even worse,
the Paradox Spirits must work overtime to
fix the problem before too much damage is
done. If the Storyteller desires, she might
apply the modifiers to any magick roll difficulties for Effects
cast in Mexico City during the crisis. These diffic
based upon the optional Domino Effect (see The Book of
Shadows), apply only to Effects cast within Mexico City
Paraiso Vista is unaffected.

The Storyteller may, if she desires, keep magick diffi
culties at their normal levels and simply substitute nastier

Ities,

Paradox Backlashes for increased difficulties. The Story.
teller should remember that these modifiers re intendedto
add flavor and suspense, not to punish player characters for
using magick. Use judgment and empathy when determin-
ing modifiers

Day of the Dead Effect

Day 1 Nothing unusual occurs.

Day 2 All attempts at vulgar magick suffera +
1 difficulty

Day 3 Static magick suffers a + 1 difficulty;
vulgar magic suffers a + I difficulty

Day 4 Static magick suffers a + 1 difficulty ;

vulgar magick suffers a +2 difficulty
Day 5 Static magick suffers a +2 difficulty; vul-
gar magick suffers a +4 difficulty

Optional Rules for Using Wraith

The Restless Dead play a small but significant part in
*The Chaos Factor." If the Storyteller does not have the
rules for ghosts given in Wraith: The Oblivion, she may
use the guidelines given below.

These powers may simulate the abilities of the Restless
Dead. Like Disciplines, Gifts and Spheres, wraith Arcanos
vary from individual to individual; the abilities below are
common, but not universal. Story and circumstances can
dictate whatever powers and potency a certain ghost might
have

* Wraiths are effectively invisible unless they want to
be seen. Obfuscate can take the place of this power

¢ Wraiths can possess others; Dominate or the fourth-
rank Mind Effect: Possession can take the place of this

power.

* Wraiths can walk through walls, and are often
intangible. The Matter Sphere or Protean 5: Gaseous
Form can be used in place of this power. Wraiths, however,
can actually attack from their gaseous form

* Wraiths can inspire chilling fear or other emotions
in their targets. This ability can be replaced by the Mind
Sphere or the Dominate Discipline.

A Society of
Supernaturals

The supernatural residents of the World of
Darknesscome from drastically divergentback-
grounds. Few of them can really hope to
comprehend Awakened beings from unusual
backgrounds, and sometimes just understand-
ing how they think can be a difficult task,
Mages do not really understand the Kindred,
and the Kindred certainly do not understand
ernatural beings believe
"experts" are quite

the Garou. Many su
they understand wraiths; many of the:
mistaken.

However, the supernaturals all exist in the same world,
and despite their best efforts, they must occasionally deal with
one another. A great deal of their interactions simply take the
form of business transactions, and a substantial amount of
what each group believes about their counterparts is nothing
more than propaganda.

Remember, a character does not necessarily know every-
thing a player does. Players can read a variety of sourcebooks
for all the Storytelle: but a character cannot. She is
restricted to what she can leam in the confines of her fictional
world. If she has no experience with vampires, if there is no
library where she can find ancient scrolls speaking of vampiric
traditions, then she does not know about those traditions,
regardless of whether the player has read the Book of Nod

gam

Appendix Two: Rules 129


Infact, the more aplayer reads in different sourcebooks, the
greater the roleplaying challenge becomes. A skilled
roleplayer plays dumb when her character runs into a
situation where she would have no clues, even if the player
has read all about it

Truth is Hard to Find

Remember that each faction in the World of Darknes is
trying to hide the truth from every other faction. Many Kindred
deliberately reinforce the stereotypes portrayed in Hollywood
movies, primarily as an added layer of defense against their
potential enemies. If a Garou believes that a stake through the
heart is enough to kill a vampire, that Kindred is likely to havea
chance latertoescape. NotsoiftheLupinedecidestotearhim limb
from limb. If the Garou believes that a crucifix will drive the
Kindred away, all the better. Later, the vampire can retum at
leisure, and preferably with a large group of friends, to finish
whatever business was interrupted by the nosy werewolf,

Likewise, ifthe Kindred wish tobelieve thata full moon tums
all Garou into ravening beasts, let him. While the Leeches may
think they are dealing with nothing more than a blood-thinty
savage, a Garou can use its keen instincts and combat savvy t0
destroy the "agents of the Wyrm."

Andifthe Kindred and Garou wish to believe that magesare
all-powerful, whoare the magestodisagree? Whileit'struethatthe
‘Awakened can indeed become nearly godlike in power as they
progress, they are still stuck with the fear of Paradox. Paradoxcan,
and often does, humble even the greatest of mages.

However, Paradox and the spirits that shape it completely
ignoretheKindredand the Garou. Why?Many magesbelievethat
vampiresand werewolvesremainapartofstaticreality. Despitethe
Technocracy's best efforts, the undead and shapechangers ofthe
pasthavenotfaded from the beliefSofthe Sleepersracial memories
of the Impergium strengthen the Delirium of the Garou, and
Kindred can use Disciplines to prey on the collective unconscious
of the Masses. Mages, however, push the limits of static reality,
often breaking the rulesin an effort toredefine those rules. Theol
the-culf reality-bending of True Magick contrasts with the static
effects of vampiric Disciplines and Garou Gifts, which work ina
predetermined way everytime. Giftsand Disciplinesslightlyrinple
the Tapestry, while magick radically alters the pattem.

Mages, in short, suffer from major flavis,so they'll take any
advantage theycan get. Ifthe othersupematuralschosetobelieve
that sorcerers are nearly omnipotent, so much the better. There's
less chance that they'll be proven wrong. No Garou wants tobe
tured into silver by a mage, and no mage in his right mind wants
to risk the Paradox that such an action would cause. If the
werewolves believe that mages are obviously capable of sich
incredibledisplays, the Awakened intend o keepitthatway Ifthe
werewolves knew for certain that the mages could be killed by
something as simple asa sharp set of fangs, they just might decide
thatthe timehascometoremoveall those annoyingsorcerersfiom
Gaia's reality.


A Disparity of Vision

Despite the propaganda on all sides, conflicts are almost
unavoidable in the World of Darkness. Too many of the
supernaturals are too set in their ways to accept another
creature's perceptions. The Kindred and the Garou are almost
entirely set on different courses; vampires need larger herds of
humans, while most Garou would prefer fewer humans and
more untouched nature. Even among their own kind, each of
these groups has. set way of viewing the world and aset belief
inwhat will make the world better place. How can they hope
tolive in peace when their desires and beliefs are so opposed
to one another? Simply put, they cannot. Some factions of
each group can work together fora brief time, but probably not
for long. There's too much spilled blood in their mutual
histories for them to all agree — most of these groups don't
evengetalong with each other, letalone potentially threaten
ing outsiders.

When you add the magickally aware into the equation,
things only get worse. Most mages want to bring about the
Ascension, a time when all humans will have the power to
shape a better world together. Sadly, most other supernatural
beings see Ascension in a different light. The Kindred cer-
tainlydon'twant Ascension; without the Sleepers, they would
have noway tofeed, and the Awakened just might not like the
idea of being used as a food source. The Garou are tuly
opposed to most of the ideals of Ascension, as the humans
have caused more than enough grief without the added power
of"enlightenment." What sort of madness would the humans:
cause if they all had the power to change reality whenever they
wanted? Who would suffer if any one segment of humankind
could remake the world to fit their own beliefs of what reality
should be? How with this affect Gaia, and what would happen
to Gaia's warriors? No, alliances between the various factions
of the supernaturals simply do not last well; their visions are
too different for long-standing cooperation.

With Great Power

For the Kindred and Garou, these rules of avoidance are
longsince established, but for the Awakened, the rules arenot
set in stone. The world is a nasty place to be if you have no
power, and a nastier place still if you only have a little. Power
means that youget noticed. Gettingnoticed means youcanno
longer avoid conflicts. Mages should not attempt to fight the
Kindred or the Garou on equal grounds — they will lose.

Even a strong member of the Akashic Brotherhood has
little chance of besting a werewolf in hand-to-hand combat.
Garoware killing machines, and more than capable of beating
atalented mage in a ist fight. Frankly, the average Garou can
take the average member of the Akashic Brotherhood and
beathim to death with the mage's own hands —directly after

ripping the mage's arms from his sockets. Coincidental magick |

isthe best way to go. You don't run the risk of Paradox, at least
not as heavily, and you can simply avoid being hit while you
arrange for a live wire or two to fall on the monster's head.

Inamagickal battle, the Garou can use their Giftsagainst
the mage's Spheres, and can soak most outright damageamage
tosses at them. All of the Garou's Gifts fall under the heading
of Spirit powers; they are taught these Gifts by spirits
Countermagick is tricky, though possible, if the mage in
question lacks knowledge of the Spirit Sphere (see The Book
Of Shadows for rules about countermagick with alternative
Spheres).

Because the Kindred do nothave to worry about Paradox,
they pose areal threat to magesas well. Each of the Disciplines
can becountered, butthe power of the mage mustbecompared
with the power of the Leech (see below). Vampires, because
they are practically immortal, make very poor enemies. No
mage in her right mind would dare face a powerful elder
withoutafewnon-Paradoxical weapons, sobeingarmed never

hurts.

The World of Darkness and the Storyteller system do
have a certain balance, even if that balance is not automati-
cally noticeable. Mages can be extremely powerful, but they
also have strong disadvantages to counterbalance that power.
Again, Garou and Kindred need not worry about Paradox
when they use their Gifts and Disciplines, while mages must

beware.

Example

A Nosferatu vampire has Obfuscate 3 andis using Obfise
2: Unseen Presence, A Rank Four Garou nearby is eer
use the (level one) Gift:Sense Wyrm tofind any catruption ind the
area. The Storyteller knows the Nosferatu bears the scent of the
Wyrm (the Nosferatuhasa low Humanity). fthe vampire using
Sacanns the Garousense him? The Garou is Rank Four, and
oy Kav i Dibtling Tatingisonly 3, othe Garouhasa chance
"Hasachance"is the: ‘operative phrase here. This system does
not override the existing systems: the ability is not automatic. In
otherwords, theGaroumuststill roll Perception + Occult ( justlike
any other Garou using Sense Wyrm); ifhe has ndsticcesses, then

corruption is not detected. With one si he -will detect the
success,
ie css ll detect

Now, what if the Garou were Rank ‘Three? He wor

foes equal to-the Nosferatu's Obfuscate 3. The teat

lepend on a resisted roll. The Garou would roll Perception +
Occult, whiletheNosferatuwould roll Wits + Stealth (justlikeam
other Kindred using Unséen Presence). Whoever has the feel
successes wins. Ifthe Nosferatu won, he would remain unseenand
are i oe ‘Garou ve he would sense the Nosferatu. Ties

1¢ defender; in v

hides Since the Gara & de one sete Seki a

Nosferatu gains the benefit of a tie.
AB What if the Garou was only Rank Two? His ‘Gift would not
powerful enough to penetrate the Obfuscate. However, the

Storytellershould bic
rial thing: letthe player roll anyway and simply tell hershe

tively searching, the

Some suggested default rules to use in

crossover Storyteller games are given below.

These are general rules. Particularrulesshould

supersede generalizations, but should still

take these guidelines into account. The de-

tails given for any particular Discipline, Gift,

Sphere or Arcanos should override any state-

ment made below. Storytellers should use

their best judgments in such matters, realiz-

ing that their decision overrides any rule. Use discretion,

and let the story be your guide. The Storyteller should bean

artist evoking a consensual reality, nota tyrant armed with
rulebooks .

Power Levels

When one character uses a power against another, and
the issue of whether the character is powerful enough to
pull it off comes up, use this scale: compare a vampire's
Discipline rating, a Garou's Rank, a mage's Sphere rating,
or a wraith's Arcanos rating. The supernatural with the
highest score "wins;" her power is more effective. In the
case of ties, a resisted roll is then made.

Note: The scores compared are the being's own abil-
ity, not necessarily the level or rating of the power used. In
other words, a Kindred with Dominate 4 will use the level
one Dominate ability Command the Wearied Mind more
effectively than a Kindred with Dominate 1. Elements like
duration, damage and range do not change, but the effect's
potency over other supernaturals does.

Discipline Garou Rank — Sphere rating* Arcanos
1 (Cliath) 1
2 (Fostern)
3 (Adren)
4 (Athro)
5 (Elder)
6+ 6+ (Elder)
* In the case of conjunctional effects, use the highest Sphere
rating of the Effect that mage is attempting.

Difficulties

Sometimes, one game will call foracharacter to defend
with a Trait she does not have. For instance, some Garou
Gifts have the Rage of the target as the difficulty for the
activation roll. Mages don't have Rage. What does the
character use instead?

When all else fails, the default difficulty is 6. If the
target is actively resisting, the Storyteller can choose to use
the character's Willpower rating instead. Willpower is
another handy default in the system: it is a Trait shared in
all the Storyteller system games. Use common sense; your
games should be evocative stories, not math tests.

132 The Chaos Factor


Direct Magick and
Hitting Your Target

Opponents don't always stand still. The targets of
direct magickal attacks should, therefore, have some chance
to dodge incoming attacks. Direct attacks— lightning
bolts, explosions, transformation spells, magick bullets,
blasts of holy light— are often vulgar and usually visible. If
an opponent can see or sense an incoming magickal Effect,
she can elect to dodge that Effect as if it were some normal
missile weapon, falling building, etc. Ifan Order of Hermes
mage begins screaming in Latin and waving his arms,
sentient beings should take precautions.

Mind attacks may be likewise "dodged" with a Will-
power roll in place of the usual dodge if the subject is aware
of the attack. The difficulty to resist is 6 (yes, this is a
change from the Mage rulebook, made for simplicity's
sake); each success removes one of the mage's successes.

Physical dodges roll against difficulty of 6 and subtract
successes as usual. The magick, therefore, can still have an
effect, but it may be much less than what the caster
intended. Some Effects may be dodged completely with a
good roll, such as a falling boulder or an attacking spirit
Willpower cannot be used to actively "disbelieve" physical
attacks,

Any attack that does physical damage can be soaked.
Attacks that do direct mental damage cannot be soaked.

This set of rules makes aggressive magick more chal-
lenging for the caster and less lethal for the recipient.
Mages fighting a HIT Mark with a Force cannon now have
options other than countermagick. Likewise, a mage at-
tempting to turn a vampire into a lawn chair would be
better off trying some other tactic...

Damage

There are two distinct types of damage in Storyteller
games: aggravated and non-aggravated. Most forms of
magickal attack do regular (non-aggravated) damage, but
there are exceptions. Some supernatural creatures, such as
werewolves and vampires, take aggravated damage from
attacks like silver or fire in addition to the types below.

Aggravated damage for mages can occur ftom...

« ..adirect vulgar blast of Prime or damage done from
vulgar Life magicks. (Because vulgar Life magicks directly
wound a target's inner life-force, they cannot be healed
through normal means; hence, they are aggravated wounds
These types of attacks can be used against ghosts by using
Spirit in place of Life.)

* .magicks, such as Forces, augmented with Prime
(including weapon Talismans that utilize Prime in their
damage). This does not include Forces, Life or Matter
created with Prime, only attacks utilizing Prime to "ener-
gize" damage. (For example, Spawning Minor Forces does
not incur aggravated damage, while the Talons rote in The

Book of Shadows, which uses point of Quintessence each
time it hits, does).

* ...the natural weaponry of supernatural creatures.

* ..Spirit magicks that summon spirits to directly
attack a target.

+ ..attacks using vulgar Entropy magick to affect a
body directly.

In all other cases, damage is non-aggravated. Magick
may heal the damage normally. As a special note, Mind
magicks never do aggravated damage.

One clarification about damage and casting magick
should also be made here: a character who is injured does
have his Dice Pools for Attribute + Ability rolls reduced
because of injuries. However, Health Level penalties should
not subtract from rolls for casting magick (such as rolls
against Arete). Using Arete is a state of mind, not of the
body; having a broken leg or fractured rib will not prevent
you from drawing upon your understanding of the Spheres.

Rules Topics

The following entries cover specific situations that
might arise during a Storyteller crossover game.

Mind Control

Various supernatural factions of the World of Dark-
ness have the power to cloud minds, and even control
them. However, most people get the chance to defend
against mind control using their Willpower (see the par-
ticular rules given with whatever power is used). Some
characters even have the ability to magically defend against
this form of attack. Use the default rules for power levels
given above. Mages must use the Mind Sphere for defense.
A Garou must have a Gift thatallows him to defend against
such attacks (the Silver Fang Gift: Mindblock is one
example). Kindred have nocommon Discipline that allows
them to defend.

True Faith

True Faith can reward the faithful with many miracu-
lous abilities and some effects that are fairly reliable, such
as the power to ward against vampires. However, True
Faith cannot necessarily ward against werewolves. In cer-
tain circumstances, a believer may turn a Garou witha sprig
of wolfsbane, but this believer must wholeheartedly sub-
scribe to this belief, and it is rare to find this in the modern
world. Let's face it, most people are embarrassed to admit
they believe in old wives' tales. Simply discovering the true
existence of werewolves will not mean they believe all the
hooey told about them throughout the years. In other
words, most player characters are just too savvy to be able
to summon belief in the effectiveness of wolfsbane
Sometimes, True Faith can be used to ward against the
hauntings and harassment of ghosts. The departed dead

Appendix Two: Rules 133


can sometimes be sent away with a prayer of deliverance —
and sometimes they can't.

As stated in the Book of Shadows, True Faith can
sometimes act as countermagick against mages. Rules for
using True Faith against vampires can be found in Vampire
Players Guide and Hunters Hunted. (Admittedly, which
version you use can depend on whether your chronicle is
centered on Kindred or hunters. Always give a hero a
chance.)

Clarifying Thaumaturgy

Thaumaturgy is a word in the English language refer-
ring to magic. Some dictionaries define it with more detail
than others. The term shows up in many different contexts
in different Storyteller games. To help navigate through
the sea of confusion, use the guidelines below. If the term
"thaumaturgy" does not appear in any of the contexts
below, then assume it is just a euphemism for magic in
general. If the term is capitalized, assume it refers to
vampiric Thaumaturgy.

All three forms of thaumaturgy work in a static fash-
ion—that is, thaumaturgy works the same way every time.
These variants of magic do not invoke Paradox, but the
effects that a such magician can use are very limited. True
Magick reworks the fabric of reality; the new pattern risks
Paradox, true, but offers a mage much more flexibility than
a static ritual.

© Vampiric Thaumaturgy: This is the most common
usage in Storyteller systems. It refers to the Discipline of
Thaumaturgy usually practiced by the Tremere clan. It is
also known as blood magic, and it seems to derive from
some special property of vampire blood. Only Kindred and
their ghouls have been know to use this type of magic. For
details, see the Vampire rulebook, pp. 168-171

* Hedge Magic: This form of ritual magic, as given in
the Vampire sourcebook The Hunters Hunted (pp. 63-
64), is sometimes called Thaumaturgy. It is not to be
confused with the vampiric Discipline. It is a more limited
form of folk magic. More guidelines for Hedge Magick
appear in Ascension's Right Hand.

* Dark Thaumaturgy: This is demonic magic, as
practiced by some members of the Sabbat sect of vampires
and non-mage Diabolists. Those who would use this type of
magic must either sell their souls or do something equally
stupid. See Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat, pp. 50-
58.

Magickally Creating Sunlight

A mage may want to perform this effect to destroy
vampires or drive them from the area of effect. If done
during the day, the mage must simply figure a way to shine
the existing light onto a desired target. This can involve
causing windows to break and allow shafts of light in, or
creating a series of mirrors to reflect the sunlight down an
air duct toa deep basement where it normally never shines.

134 The Chaos Factor

If performed at night, it invariably involves conjuring
sunlight from nothing. It is most certainly vulgar magick
and isa conjuctional effect requiring Prime 2 and Forces3.
Without Prime, light can be created, but it will lack the
necessary reality, or Pattern, to make real sunlight, which
will affect vampires. Simple ultraviolet radiation is not
good enough.

If itis a direct magic effect, then use the normal rules
for damage, based on Sphere level and number of successes,
and the rules given above for direct attacks. If it is not
direct, use the rules for sunlight damage given in the
Vampire rulebook, pg. 194. Needless to say, this sunlight
may temporarily blind people other than vampires, but it
will not harm them.

Breaking the Blood Bond

A vampiric Blood Bond can be broken through magick,
but potent magick is required. How well the player de-
scribes the magickal effect will determine whether it is
coincidental or vulgar. A conjuctional effect of the follow-
ing Spheres is required: Entropy 3, Prime 1, Mind 3, Life4

In addition, the mage must have some knowledge of
the nature of the Blood Bond. He cannot destroy what he
does not understand. Thus, a character will need to re
search lore on the Blood Bond, or possess the Kindred Lore
Ability (and succeed on a roll of Intelligence + Kindred
Lore). Medicine, Occult or Leadership could work as a
complementary Ability.

Multiple Actions

Vampires with Celerity may take more than one a-
tion per turn without splitting their Dice Pools. Garou may
take one extra action per turn for every Rage point they
spend. How can mages equal this flurry of activity? The
Accelerate Time Effect (using Time 3) allows for extra
actions. See p. 218 of the Mage rulebook.

Draining Caerns

Garou do not like mages: they often accuse them of
draining their sacred caerns. How does a mage do this, and
why?

Caerns are incredible stores of Quintessence. Mages
may at some point wish to "recharge their batteries" ata
nearby Node. This is not much ofan issue in Mexico City—
the poisonous Quintessence of the Underbelly would taint
any magicks used with its assistance. Sometimes, however,
this comes into play elsewhere. Werewolves consider their
caerns to be sacred ground, Few non-Garou visitorsare ever
permitted within the bawn of the average caern (urban
caerns, obviously, are often an exception to this). Even
fewer visitors would ever be permitted to draw off of Gaia's
holy energy to fuel human magicks. Some bargains have
been struck from time to time, but such alliances are quite
unusual.

Rank Three Prime magick is required to tap into a
caem's Quintessence; strong caemns (Level 3 and above)

must be "broken into" using Spirit 4 to sunder the
spiritual protections of the place. This latter Effect willbe

violently opposed by any Garou in the vicinity! If the

werewolves have granted the mage permission to access

the caem, the Warder will help her tap the caern's
energy through him. Again, this is not lightly done; a
very compelling reason must be given. "Hey, he's my
friend... he's cool," will not suffice.

Once the Quintessence has been tapped, assume
that a caern has a maximum pool of ten points of
Quintessence per level of the caern. If you don't want
foworry about such numbers, just assume that one or
two mages can fill their Patterns before the werewolves
calla hale. Tass can be gathered at some caerns (see
The Book of Shadows), but the werewolves will not

be amused.

Harming Others Magickally

‘A mage cannot simply hurt a supernatural being
with a mere flick of the wrist. It requires magick (or a
hefty gun with silver bullets, or a stout wooden stake,
afalling building, etc.). Use the following guidelines

for direct magick aimed at supernaturals of odd con-

stitution. (Garou are considered human as far as the

normal magick rules apply here.)

Vampires: A conjuctional effect of Matter and
Life is required to directly harm a vampire with
vulgar magick. They are not wholly living or dead
(inert matter), but incorporate a living element
(blood) in their system. Any aggravated damage
Effect must usually use these Spheres.

Wraiths: Life magick cannot harm a wraith.
Instead, a conjuctional effect of Entropy and Prime
is required. Spirit magick affects a wraith like the
Life Sphere affects the living, but Life and Matter
have no effect whatsoever. Note that, unless a
wraith is Embodied, mages must use Spirit Sense
to see a ghost in the first place. A successful
Perception + Awareness can often alert the mage
tothe wraith's presence. The difficulty of this roll
will usually be 6, but may vary with circum-

stances.

The Rite of the Dead

Level Five

> :
rate i Me. combination Rte of Death and Ni
Fie els © place hostile pss before waking ‘hei
: world, returning th de
(the Penumbracfthe dead Borde aes
and rues loos tito the Witsirached ci
the Gaunt called the Shroud by some
"st , :
Heaps Dead) beoneen the wodds ofthe living ad the
fend the ne Gnawers restore balance and aver
her chaos during the Das ofthe Dea eee
by ryne Rit ofthe Dead sa local rit, created decades
by Father Felo Blanco, a Bone Gnawer spirieapeaker So
brotec the world of living and dead from ch othe
iting dhe radiional bservance. Each yea cee
‘a ept performs the rite at the cli the Deyo ct
Water Spe at the climax of th
ad. Becaiseof the seasonal nature ofborhiiighen se
a

celebrationand
the Garou rite
efigesive dur heae e Rite of the Dead is only

be corrupted
ity. By raising
members of the

herite takes many hours to perform. s the ritemaster
hs as form. As the ritemas
oi >
begins the'chant, the other Garo lance, sing and drink
themselves into an ecstatic: state. As the‘power gradually
er gradu:

tween the woh
wWFaiths outside ‘of haunts hacke meee ke fiat:
arid

trappin;
"npn vere other sie othe Shroud Praises and
ae » made during the rite itself, plac:
the sara ene Mariy return to theirusial esenn
{tstedote ime bythe brief fredom they have en ey
ete the cyele will begin agains ot
sat, The ritemastér makes a Charisma + Ri
sll fic ey For every eh werewolves ue
tite, the difficulty is reduc
te theg ed by 1. Success bani
shows within the ety from the living tice
persueees rolled. The Shroud is effectively raised Bioee
{he duration, preventing ghosts from afecing the living
itemaster in Mexico city has ever failed che
. his

importanttask, Or
if he did... ne shudders to think what would happen

Participating in

Appendix Two: Rules 135


a

a

BO


HOITZILOPOCTLIS HAVEN


The Skinner is Loose !

Samuel Haight, arch-enemy of all Garou and target of the Verbena, has
latched onto a secret that could begin Gehenna! All over the World of
Darkness, mages, Kindred and Garou rush to intercept him. Some would
kill him, Others would aid him...

On the Day of the Dead!

From Mexico City to the deserts of Jordan, Haight and his allies race to
uncover the secret to ultimate power. But will this power strengthen Haight,
or lead to the end of the world as we know it?

He must be Destroyed!
The Chaos Factor is a multi-level crossover for Vampire, Werewolf,

and |Viage, and includes:

¢ A mini-sourcebook for Mexico City, backwater of the Technocracy,
headquarters of the Sabbat.

+ A horrific secret that could usher in Gehenna.

+ The last stand of Samuel Haight!

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
STONE TH. GA 30083

GAME STUDIO
