# File: The Orphan's Survival Guide.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Handbook for Rebel Magi in Mage: The Ascension

—

a.i- :

ot ais EWE S70 4

Fear not what you haven't tried

Listen now, because your parents lied
Your body is all you will ever possess
So put a little effort into your pathetic flesh
— Deathride 69, "MK Ultra"

=

>

a = ROY FH

= a
. Soawie Nadea? Nye "/ {\e

. legae Wiest
"it ‘it tee? a7

A Handbook for the Magickally Fucked

By Justin R. Achilli, Aldyth Beltane, Brad Beltane, Phil Brucato
and Rachelle Odell, with Mark Cenczyk, James E. Moore,
Kevin A. Murphy and Lindsay Woodcock

SD

Written by: Justin R. Achilli, Aldyth Beltane, Brad Beltane,
Phil Brucato and Rachelle Udell

Additional Material by: Mark Cenczyk, James E. Moore,
Kevin Andrew Murphy and Lindsay Woodcock
Developed by: Phil Brucato

"Expert" Guidance: Ian Dunteman, Laurah Norton and
Lindsay Woodcock

Edited by: Cary Goff

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Art: Mike Chaney, John Cobb, Guy Davis, Jason Felix,
Michael Gaydos, Shea Anton Pensa, Alex Sheikman
Front Cover Art: Lawrence Snelly

Front Cover Models: (left to right) Courtney King, Karen
Schultz and Chase Jones

Front and Back Cover Design: Matt Milberger

Fare Thee Well

Ironically, The Orphans Survival Guide will be the last
book I develop for Mage: The Ascension. Once again, the '90s
have worked their subtle magic at the Wolf (see Special Thanks),
and this time I'm on the list.

Tobe honest it's nota bad thing for me. I've done the books
that really mattered to me — The Fragile Path, The Book of
Mirrors, Cult of Ecstasy, Destiny's Price, Mage Second, Sotcer-
ers Crusade, and many others besides. It's been a good ride, but
maybe it's time to get off after all.

For better and worse, I put everything I aid into Mage, and
she's been a hard but rewarding mistress. While T can't honestly
say I'm happy about leaving, it's time to go. Five years is enough.
I've given Mage to Jesse Heinig and Lindsay Woodcock, and
they'll give the line the treatment she deserves,

Although I'll be moving on to other things, I won't be
leaving the industry behind. I have several pet projects i the
works, and might even return to White Wolffora book or two.
One door closes and another one opens, as the cliché goes, and
I love this industry too much to leave it for good.

For those people I have gamed with, worked with, spoken
with and argued with, thank you. Mage has been as much a
reflection of you as it has been of me.

Take care!

— Phil Brucato, Fall, 1998

Final Mage Special Thanks To:

Kathleen "Amanda" Ryan, who was there through it all.
Jane "Voice Box" Palmer, who deserved better.

Nate "Kick in the Ding" Wall, for playing Crow Boy.
Rob "Shaggy" Dixon, for heading off to those Fading Suns.
Cary "Puzzle Master" Goff, for enduring occulted voices.
Allison "Farmer's Market" Sturms, for chilling our E&D.
Shane "Succubus Club" DeFreest, for throwing one of the
best parties in GenCon history.

Tan "Grand Pooka" Lemke, for keeping The Dreaming alive.
Conan "The Barbarian" Venus, for bringing us the world.
Karen "Topper" Schultz, for making Cover Girl.

Jeff "Battle Lord" Holt, for calling his armies to the table.
Katie "Bombshell" McKaskill, for her wit, hersmile and her dog.

Larry "Master Vampire" Snelly, for art directing some of
the finest work this industry has ever seen.

Anna "Ghost" Branscome, for sorting through the wreckage.
..-and Stephe "Vacating the Landscape" Pagel, for run-
ning off with Merlin. Good luck, man. We'll miss you.

Dedications

Aldyth's Dedications: To Andrew Vachss for teaching
me to stand up in writing and in life. To Neil Gaiman for
showing me that mythology can be modern. And to Grant
Morrison for the monthly magic lesson.

Rachelle's Dedications: To Shadow, Ken, Troy and
Gerald, for providing endless sources of inspiration.

Phil's Dedications: In Memorium, this book is dedicated
to Rozz Williams (1963-1998) and Wendy Orleans Williams
(1950-1998). Rest easy, guys. May things look better in the
next life.

Note to the Terminally Dense

Be grown-ups about this book, people.

Do not steal.

Do not kill.

Do not run away from home.

It's only a game.

Thank you.

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written
permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, World of Darkness and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. Allrights reserved. Trinity, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Werewolf the Wild West, Succubus Club, The Book of
Shadows, Destiny's Price, The Orphans Survival Guide, The Book of Madness and The Book of Mirrors
the Mage Storytellers Guide are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.
Check out White Wolf online at hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE U.S.A.

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

The Orphans Survival Guide


IDV

Contents
Prelude to a Kiss 4
Introduction v4
Chapter One: Voices in the Night 13
Chapter Two: The Hollow Ones 4l
Chapter Three: Crashspace 59
Chapter Four: The Chosen Few y hr
Chapter Five: When the Fire Starts 101
Appendix: The Stash 3

Table of Contents

<x 7 |

Prelude
toa
KISS...

By Rachelle Odell

The Majestic Café
January 10, 1998
2:19 A.M.

If coffee was the food of the gods, I'd be damn near
immortal by now. As it is, I'm just old, jaded, and jumped
up on too much caffeine. I sit in my usual spot in the dark

corner of this grungy café watching the angsty kids who call
themselves regulars here, and I wait. I suppose there was a
time when I knew what | was waiting for, but I guess I've
stopped caring and have long since forgotten.

The city is a bitch on wheels this time of year. Winter.
We used to move through it so easily in our limousines and
faux fur coats, the heels of our Italian leather shoes crushing
the last leftover bits of Christmas tinsel into the

snow as we
levators whisk-

alighted into our hotels and apartments, the
ing us up to our glittering world of glass and light. I don't
think we ever realized how cold it was outside as we planned
our parties and our heists and fought the good fights. But
things change, as I suppose they must. Things happened and
time crushed us under its heel just like that tinsel.

Winter. I think of him as I pull my coat around me a
little tighter, even though the coffee and the busy crowd of

bodies have made it quite warm here. Our time in the
is over. History might remember us. I wouldn't blame it if it

un,

4 The Orphans Survival Guide

didn't, but if it does, I'd like to think that we were more than
just a blip on the screen or a meteor blazing into nothing
ss the night sky. I'd like to think that I've learned a
thing or two about life since then, about survival, about

acrc

consequences — especially consequences. | suppose sitting
in this grease trap of a diner waiting for who knows what is
my way of paying for all of the shady fucked-up things I did
in the interest of what I thought was right. I tell myself that
I can go back. I still have the key to the penthouse. The
rent's paid through the next five years. I still have the credit
cards and the bank accounts. I could fly back to London in
a heartbeat — first class, even. But I don't. Whatever I'm
waiting for won't let me. So I sleep my days away in a
nondescript room in a somewhat respectable boarding
house, and I come to the cafe at night.

Byer;

— see if I can't spare some of these kids my fate and save

now and then, I play a bonus round with karma

them from ending up in a no-name diner somewhere
waiting for a sign from beyond. They come in here lost, but
radiant with "star stuff' as some poet once put it. Who
Some of them seek me
out, knowing who and what I am, but others stumble in

knows, maybe he was one of us

blindly and happen to sit at my table. We talk. People love
to talk — for example, the skinny girl in black sitting in

front of me now. Her mouth's been going non-stop for the
past five minutes, a steady stream of babble pouring forth.

I've been doing that annoying incessant stirring thing
with my coffee, but I finally look up at her. She's high and
she's scared because "she's never had drugs like these be-
fore." I look at her and know that she thought she looked
cool when she left home with her fake vampire teeth and
raggedy black dress. She wears the requisite pale makeup
and pouty red-black lips, and her fake heroin-habit eyes are
truly a work of art. Jean Paul Gaultier would be proud.

"Why are you telling me this?" I ask her, knowing
exactly what she's just gone through.

"I dunno, "she mumbles. "You looked like someone
who'd listen. Y'know? Not laugh at me an' shit."

"Take the teeth out; you'll talk better." She pops them
out and puts them in a small plastic case marked "fangs."
She's rummaging around in her purse, obviously nervous, so
I decide to start the conversation.

"I'm Swarna. You are...?"
"Tarra," she says, not looking up just yet. "You from
England? You sound like it."

"Yeah. I'm from London. So you wanna tell me what
happened?"

"I got this tattoo." she reveals. "Wanna see?" She stands
and hikes her skirt up to show me the back of her thigh. The
tattoo is fresh, not more than two weeks old, and the ink hasn't
quite settled in, so the colors jump right out in a lurid mix of
green and blue and deep red. It's a lattice and knotwork design
reminding me a lot of the henna patterns that Hindu women
paint on their hands for special occasions.

"It's a nice tattoo, but what does it have to do with
anything?"

"Well, I got it and it hurt like hell." She sat back down.
"I was lying there trying not to cry, trying to think of
anything else but that needle. Suddenly, I got this rush, like
my whole head just opened up. I could feel the needle, but
it wasn't bad pain anymore. The pain fed the rush, see?"

"Yeah. I've heard of things like that happening. Appar-
ently that's what makes the whole bondage scene appealing,
or so I'm told. That pleasure-through-pain thing." I know
that's not what she means, but I wait for her to tell me so.

"Well, that's just it. I've done bondage and all that,
y'know, done some scenes, been to a few parties, so 1 know
what that high is like. This was different. It's like time
stretched out and there was nothing but the feeling and the
moment. | felt like I was there forever just wallowing in that
sensation,

"I'm starting to worry though," she says. "I think they
may have laced the ink or something. It's like I've been high
for days now, but there's no sign that I'm gonna come down.
Hell, coming down off this is gonna be a fuckin' bitch." She
pauses to light a cigarette and takes a long drag. Her pose is
perfect, and I have to laugh silently. Even in a trashy diner
with a total stranger, she feels the need to be cool. She
reminds me of myself at that age.

"It's not like your average high, either" she continues.
"Everything's clear, not fuzzy like an alcohol buzz or like a
slow trip, but it's a different kind of clear. It's like I've been
looking at stuff in a mirror all my life and suddenly the
mirror's gone and I'm looking at the real deal. Sometimes |
feel like I'm moving in slow motion and I can savor
everything — the water in the shower, the way this coffee
smells, the sound of your voice. Other times things are
rushing around me so fast it feels like a carnival ride! I want
to get off, but then I realize I can't because I am the ride."
Tarra is breathing hard, tears falling involuntarily from her
eyes. Her makeup is washing away in black rivulets down
her cheeks. I dip my napkin in the obligatory glass of water
on the table and hand it to her.

"Wipe your eyes. You'll look like a manic raccoon if you
don't."

"So what do you think?" she asks. "Was I, like, seriously
drugged or something? I swear I'm fucked! I'll lose my job if
I show up again stoned."

I decide it's time to tell her.

"The first time is always hard," I say. She blinks back at
me, confusion written in that little line between her eye-
brows.

"What? Getting a tattoo?"

"No. I mean the first time you really wake up and open
your eyes." I have nothing better to do with my time, and
she needs to hear it anyway, so I tell her.

Prelude to a Kiss... 5

UE eA


Introduction

Your world is an ashtray
We coil and burn like cigarettes

The more you cry your ashes turn to mud

It's the nature of the leeches, the Virgin's

Feeling cheated

You've only spent a second of your life
— Marilyn Manson, "The Reflecting God"

I was dancing to "Temple of Love" (the "Stair-
way to Heaven" of goth) when I noticed that the
¥ screens behind me were flashing concentration-camp
footage. Now, I was used to fucked-up shit on that
wide white screen (H.G. Lewis carnage, B/D ac-
tion, excerpts from Wicked City, Urotsukidooji
and Night of the Living Dead), but that was real
meat dying on the wall behind me. Can't say I liked
itmuch, and the effect took the spring out of my twisty
gothic dance. After a few puzzled seconds, I wandered off to the side

No one else seemed to notice. Across the darkened floor, legions
of Byronian waifs and tank-topped industrials jacked and slithered to
the thundering drone. In the corner, two androgynes licked each other's
tonsils. On the screen, Pol Pot's boys took a cattle prod to some poor
dude's balls. The visuals were not cool, and frankly, they didn't seem
like Amber's style at all. Who was running this show, anyway?

I took another look around, peering through the Roscoe fog and
clove smoke, checking out the faces in the garish haze. Lots of regulars,
no question, but when I scoped the deejay booth, Amber was
conspicuously gone. Now that I thought about it, the night's mix
hadn't sounded much like her to begin with. The guy at the door was
new too, but bouncer turnover is no big deal. Hmm. .. new bartender
also. Funny noone else had clued to the changes, but hey, if the screen
hadn't started flashing torture shots, I might not have noticed, either.

In the alcoves by the bar, I caught a bit of razor action and
a gleaming silver cup. The girl seemed only too cheerful about
opening her veins, and the gentleman with the goblet looked like
a king receiving tribute. The lily on his vest seemed theatrical,
even for here, but I chilled all over anyway

My favorite club was suddenly under new management, and
they had very disturbing tastes

Introduction 7

NK

x SAA
RRRRG

6;
Ox
Sf
XS

SRO
xSo
Zeon

26%
ears
049,

>

ele,
Vs

<
if

<

<9
roe
$2

O55

ens
YX

NOX
yy
Oa,

"*,
xX
49

AX

"ae
My si

KY

x
3

rx}
)
WY

%
i
we

x)
i
"

as

+4
iS
‘4

i
x
wy)

rs Ly
MAA
§

2,
ws

s

Cle
+ x)

The Trauma Coil

Ground Zero at the Freakout Zone. We've all been there.
Not long ago, you were as normal as normal gets. Hey,
we were all kids once, and kids dream of better things. Maybe
you hada nice little middle-class life. Maybe you were raised
in a, shall we say, broken home. It could be that you were
even born in some rural backwoods or urban slum. Perhaps
you were even rich, Either way, we can assume that you were
once a fairly human sort of person, maybe a little bent by
mundane standards, but otherwise okay.

Then things went to hell. It could be that you suffered
through vivid nightmares or waking dreams. Did you see the
Virgin Mary, or hear the Devil talking to you through
hissing radiator pipes? Maybe those things drew you to the
darkness or, perhaps, you just saw things differently from
Day One. You may have been an artist, a performer, or just
a weirdo picked on by the other kids. Even if the clues had
been floating around your head for months or years, I doubt
anything could have prepared you for what was about to
happen. I know nothing prepared me.

Call it the Awakening, the Plunge, the Vortex, the
Kiss of Night, Illumination, Wintershine, or a dozen other
names I've heard. They all mean the same thing: One day,
you clued in to the fact that our so-called "reality" was a
bullshit sham, that "magick" was teal, that you could, if you

The Orphans Survival Guide

were so inclined, fuck with things in ways that made you
both a pariah and a god. From that day forward, nothing
could ever be the same again.

Hey, you may have gone looking forit, studying magical
texts or following closet Crowleys until their wisdom sprouted
seedlings. Chances are, though, magick came looking for
you, found your sorry and drop-kicked you through
enlightenment's window. Some people see the truth gradu-
ally, in little bursts and flares of awareness that finally add up
to an inescapable conclusion. Most times, though, it's a
sudden bitchslap from the gods, liquid fire pouring into your
eyes, quicksilver running from your cerebral cortex, an icy
nuke detonating in the middle of your heart. Even after the
first blaze fades, you still hear the echoes rolling around in
your head for days or weeks afterward.

If you're like most people, it freaked you out. It blew
down the doors in a rush so intense that it melted your
Preconceptions into toxic waste. To touch them was to
burn. To step past them was to burn, too. There you were,
trapped by the acid lake of your old life and chased by the
fires of what you had become, wild power at your fingertips
and madness setting your brain alight.

With a bit of practice, you could do odd, magnificent
things: see with the eyes of divinity, move objects with a
thought, raise winds or light candles without striking a


match. The Old Arts of the magician became your bed-
time reading, and the promises they made went from fairy
tales to possibilities.

It happens to people of all ages, you know. I've met
Wintershiners who finally clued to the truth deep into
middle age, and I've seen kids who had eaten the rose of
awareness when they were still in grade school. Most times,
though, it seems to be linked to the teen years and early
adulthood, when the stresses of puberty, exploration and
experience come together in a storm of possibilities. That
storm tends to open a lot of eyes, in my opinion — and,
sometimes, the force of it closes them, too.

Some losers never make it past that point. They explode
in flames or insanity, becoming new casualties for con-
spiracy Websites, case studies, gutters, and cop blotters.
Others end up on the streets, forsaken and poor, unable to
cope with the screaming in their heads. Some are stranded
by a society that has no place for talented malcontents, no
place but prison, the streets, or the crazy house.

Welcome to the land of the "orphan." I'll bet you never
thought of yourself that way, but that's how others see you
now, forsaken, alone, without family, friends or guidance.
The day you fell into the Vortex, you jumped the track of
normalcy and fell into a pit. Only your own strength, skill
and good luck can keep you sane and alive now. As far as
most of the world is concerned, you're on your own — a
strange, lonely child in a pit of wolves.

Project Pitchfork

Once you Awakened, you became prey. Trust me,
there are a thousand dark whispers calling your name. Even
mundanes feel the breath of the night on their necks; the
minute you clued in to the real way of things, that breath
got 10 times hotter and lots nastier. The usual predators —
pimps, bangers, cops and chicken hawks — are all there,
but a whole new crew comes to taste your blood... some-
times literally.

Vampires, for instance, are real and devious things.
They'll seduce you with a liar's kiss and use you as a pawn in
their eternal games. Ghosts hover in the corners, watching
your every move; some, you'll forget, while others you'll wish
you could forget. Dream-kin dance on the fringes of sleep,
inviting you to join their bittersweet games. And in the
woods and cities, wild creatures rage; run up against one, and
he'll eat your fucking heart. This is the first point on a devil's
pitchfork: the midnight people who laugh at your mythology
and feast on orphans' bones.

The human monsters are less mysterious: the cops who
bash our brains in for violating their ideas of order, the
fanatics who see their Devil behind every smile, the freaks
who peddle flesh like candy, the sheep who'd follow anyone
if it means a ticket away from oblivion. I've seen people
snatched off the street by do-gooders in mini-vans, been to

rehabs where "clients" are beaten until their "addictions"
have been purged. Maybe you ended up in one of those
places, escaping only because your jailers had grown careless
or your talents were too great for them to contain. This is the
second spike in your side: the Sleeping masses who would
burn us alive for being different.

Worst of all, though, are the others like ourselves: the
tower-bound wizards, the mad scientists, the pagan freakos
and the dudes with black-hole eyes. Maybe you've got
talent. Maybe you learned a few tricks. These people have
you beat — they move mountains, fry brain cells long-
distance, and travel to dimensions you've never even heard
of. They're The Man in magician's robes, stormtroopers at
the gates of Reality, and they want you, want me, want
anyone who dares to Awaken and think for herself. Here's
the third and largest devil's barb: the so-called Traditions,
cults, Technocracies and Orders of the magickal under-
world. To them, as I said, we are orphans, and they want to
play Big Brother — or feed us to the rats.

FUCK THEM ALL!

Vision Thing

Call me the Bitch Queen. Lady Vannoy will do, but
most people think the first name's much more appropriate.
Let me tell you what I am not: I am not your mommy, your
mentor, your big sister, your whore. What I am is concerned.
I probably haven't met you, and probably never will, but I
understand where you are, where you were, and possibly,
where you're going. I've seen my friends hunted down, my
family torn apart by dissent and pride, my own blood spilled
across the Path of my Awakening. And am fucking sick and
tired of being seen as a victim.

I, for one, am ready to bite the night in the ass. Care to
join me?

This is a handbook of rebellion, survival, attitude and
belief. Without all of the above, you're horse meat. Awak-
ened doesn't mean godlike — lots of stupid fuckers get
waxed for thinking that it does — but it does mean that we
see with a clarity few people ever achieve. We who have
reached that clarity may have paid for it with our comfort,
but the fact remains that we do not need our hands held by
"traditions" that seek to mold our vision before we truly
understand what we see. Given time and support, we can see
just fine on our own.

There are reasons we lack respect. If you're self-Awak-
ened, reality has used you like a bitch. Whether or not you're
still in bed with it the next morning depends on how good
you were the night before. And let me tell you, most people
get kicked straight out. The insulting "orphan" label shows
what our spell-crazy peers think of us: that we're lost chil-
dren needing parental guidance. We don't have to live up to
that image, but many of us do— running off at the behest of
lame-ass cult leaders, slinging fireballs until we light up like

Introduction 9

ID.

NO Ail

X-mas, or sulking around like Andrew Eldritch's bastard
dumb-fuck-Jenny-Jones-loving' children. That's to be ex-
pected, I guess, when kids Awaken to discover the power of
gods, but it doesn't exactly contribute to our life expectan-
cies or public image.

Before you jump my shit here, let me stress that | am not
advocating some big group-hug magickal kingdom with
myselfas the queen. Noram | advertising for my own society,
the loose-but-kinda-sorta-organized Hollow Ones (although
I have had a friend offer up some details about it for
interested parties). What I am doing is compiling some
survival tips from friends of mine, giving them up for your
consideration, and asking you to think before you spell. To
get a fucking clue before the Devil's pitchfork rams you in the
gut and tosses you into the gutter. I've seen too many of us
go down that way.

The night deserves better than that. So do we.
We've got your back, sweetheart. Let's kick some ass.



é Ts lita ‘3
= be


IN

Chapter I:

Voices in
the Night

What do you do when your whole world falls apart?

What do you say to take the guilt-from your heart?

How many questions hold answers you cannot give

And the hope of dying becomes the only

Reason to live?

— Die Laughing, "Safe Little World"

It was hotter than fuckass the night they
nailed Earthquake in the stairway. That stair-
way was always mugger's dark — they done
broke all the lightbulbs in there a long time ago,
and I don't know what Quake thought he was
doin, comin' up like that. He wasn't alone,
though. Mooseman, Taylor and Ricky D see him

come in, and they think, "?
piece of that motherfucker.

Aan, I'm gonna get a

Earthquake, he's one big-ass nigga. I ain't never seen him
cry, not ever. But in no time at all, they had his ass crying like a
little girl, so I knew they had to have cut him bad. Ricky D is one
stone motherfucker, and Moose was at least Quake's size. I
didn't hear no gunshots, so I figured they wanted to do him slow

Me, I grabbed Jose and Ton, and we was headed down with
Ton's little nine when we heard screaming like the end of the
world. Y'know, those stairways is concrete
know what I'm sayin'?

wall to wall, you
and those screams was bouncing off
the blocks like howls outta hell. I got me a flashlight and we went
down ready to bust some motherfuckin' head, but there wasn't
nobody in the stairway

Nobody. And it was cold down there. Real cold. Li
December-shit cold

Quake, he wasn't cryin' no more. He was just sittin' there
with a big smile on his face. Then he got up an' walked down the
stairs an' into the dark

Then the walls started screamin' . Like Mooseman, Taylor,

and Rick D, the

was screamin,' but there was nobody there. It

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 13


? i le

Y
\

was just dark and cold and empty. That close, the screams
sounded like they was right in your ear, but there wasn't
nobody there at all. Nobody but screams.

We flew up those stairs like faggots. Jose pissed himself,
but I didn't say nothing about it, ‘cause I almost did, too. Shit.

That was months ago. I ain't never seen none of ‘em since
then, not even Quake. But sometimes at night, I can still hear
‘em, and that stairway is still cold as ice.

Fuck if I'm goin' down there again...

So Sayeth the Bitch Queen...

Okay, so we've walked away from Ground Zero with a
few shreds of sanity and independence intact. Now what?
Where do you go? What can you do? Who do you trust, and
how far can you let them in?

There aren't any easy answers to any of those questions,
sweetheart. They're going to depend on how clueful, lucky,
connected, and — let's face it — pretty you are. If you've hit
Ground Zero living ina Brooklyn crack house, all I can say is you're
fucked. If you know the right people and have a good rack, you
might be able to score some good friends in that midnight morass
you call a life. Otherwise, you're going down hard. A Nebraska
farm girl with asweet little face hasa better chance—provided she
can dodge the Christers and hop a line into a small city without
getting chicken hawked, she'll probably be able to find a good
teacher or gather a family before the predators home in. ~

Yeah, "family." Without one, you are totally screwed. I
know you probably consider yourself way too cool, aloof and
paranoid to ever let someone else into your life, but let's face
it, sweetheart, you've got to put down the pose and be real

the peop

with a small, dedicated clan. Hey look, if an egotistical bitch
like me can let down the mask once ina while (and you, Alvin,
can wipe that smirk off your face before I rake the backyard
with your testicles!), you can. It's a matter of survival. First
and foremost, get someone else on your back — and stay away
from the Closet Crowleys. Those bastards are bad news!

I'm turning you over to some friends of mine, Edge, Silver
and Swarna. "Edge" is a pseudonym for an anonymous friend of
mine; Silver's a so-called "orphan"; Swarna's an "Errant" —
otherwise known as somebody who began in an organized group,
but split to go solo. They're all pretty famous. Maybe you've

eer

heard of them; if not (or even if you have), maybe you should
hear them now. Based on their experiences and observations,
they can lay you a rough map. As for the specifics, there aren't
any. Each case is different. Every new Darkling has a slightly
different vibe, sees with different eyes, and clicks with different
friends. What worked for me didn't work for Swarna. What
worked for Silver may not work for you. Hey, it's a start, a few
survival tips. Read, enjoy, and for Lilith's sake, lear something!

How Not To Die

I don't have a black belt, I don't break boards,
and don't fight in gymnasiums.
— Flood, from Andrew Vachss' Flood

By Edge

lam nota writer. | am not your friend. I
do not give a fuck whether you live or die.
Someone I do care about has asked me to

14 The Orphans Survival Guide

Dying is easy, very easy when you live as we do. Every
night, the police scrape bodies and bits of flesh off the
pavement. Every morning, the corpses of winos, crazies and
stupid kids wash up on beaches, rot in alleys or draw flies in
the park. We who understand the hidden forces in the night
think we are immune to death, but we are wrong. If
anything, we are more likely to die than the crackheads and
citizens who know enough to hide when the shit gets thick.
Like bangers and slummers, we invite Captain Coffin into


our bedrooms, fuck him like a bitch, and ask him to pay us
afterward. And so we die — every night.

"Everyone dies," they say. While it is true, this expression
invites people to be stupid and careless. I've seen death. I've
watched friends of mine get cut down, and I've felt the many
different kinds of death. Me, I'm a survivor. Sure, I'll die someday,
but I don't care to ask for the privilege. When Captain Coffin
comes forme, the motherfucker will have to fight to haul my fat ass
to hell. I'm not going quietly. If you want to, that's your problem.

Here are a few survivor's tips for living through the
night in our world. Some are standard toll for urban life, and
others are intended for those of us with special talents. All
of them can save your life. Blowing them off is not healthy.

Know When fo Fight

The first rule of survival is not to die. This sounds simple,
but many people do not understand it. They get involved in
things that are not their business. They fight for no reason.
They get into trouble to boost a rep or to show off. None of
these thingsare healthy. Each one carries the risk of being hurt,
caught or killed. Even the simplest barroom brawl can turn
deadly if someone takes out a gun (many people carry them),
aknife, or even a broken bottle. Until you have been stabbed
with a pool cue or had your teeth broken by a hard punch, you
cannot understand how dangerous even a simple fight can be.

Fights happen. Violence is inevitable. Knowing this,
you should be prepared to defend yourself, your friends or
your territory. Many people will not give a shit whether or
not you wish to be left alone, or whether or not you have
done anything to them. Against these people, you should
always be ready to strike back. Peace is a lie, and a coward
is a dead man. But fighting for no reason, and taking risks
that you do not have to take is stupid, and deadly.

Asurvivorknows when to fight, how to fight, when torun,
and when to leave the room. "When" is when you or someone
you care about is backed into a corner. Any other time, you're
just risking your ass for vanity. "How" is as hard, fast and solid
as possible. Killing someone is a last resort — you will have to
answer to someone, whether it's the cops, the dead guy's family,
or even his ghost — but you should be ready to do it anyway if
noother choice is available. Don't show off. As the ad says, just
do it. "Running" is easy. The hard part is doing it without
looking likea pussy, or turning your back on your enemy. Either
one of those mistakes will cost you. "Leaving" is usually the best
option, provided you can walk away like a man (or a woman),
not likea maggot. Those of us with talents for hiding or disguise
have an easier time than people without them. If you have such
talents, use them. In the streets, any weapon is a good weapon,
even if you don't use it to fight head-on. Which is why...

Your Senses Are Your Best Weapon
In the streets, you are a dog. A dog lives by his nose, his

ears and his bite. A lot of people just move through their

days like the world was some big self-contained bubble

around their heads. If you want to live past your first week,
learn to watch the world around you. It is full of surprises,
most of them unpleasant.

We talented people have areal edge over most citizens,
but very few of us ever realize what it is. You probably think
that some stone-killer spell or Dirty Harry special is the
ultimate survival tool. You are wrong. If you understand
anything about the deeper nature of things, you can see
patterns that most people can never notice. Those patterns
— aura colors, energy flows, structure grids, weak points,
emotional currents, spirit resonance and, of course, the
presence of other living things your eyes can't detect — can
save your ass when you least expect it. Most human would
kill to have those kind of senses, but many of us just ignore
them in favor of magickal nukes. Not smart.

This survival tip is simple: When you go out your door,
keep a "second sense" handy, just in case. Some night, you
will need it.

Food Can Kill You

Everyone needs to eat. Citizens take this fact for
granted, but as someone with no home and no money can
tell you, food does not grow on trees, at least not downtown.
Eating the wrong thing, too much of something, or eating
it from the wrong place, can kill you. At best, you might end
up shitting all day, dehydrating yourself and leaving your-
self open to attacks and infections. So be careful where you
eat, and how.

Unless you have something to trade, money is essen-
tial. Those of you without cash have four options: Beg food
or money, go toa shelter, scam or rob someone, or eat from
the trash. They all have their pluses and minuses.

Begging is easy, but fucking degrading. You might get
some kind, generous soul, but chances are, you'll catch lots
of abuse and maybe a clout from a pissed-off cop or citizen.
Even if you do get something, you will feel like the rodent
that you are, and will probably have to look pathetic for a
long time until you manage to score enough to chow. Prime
begging places (parks, busy streets, outside clubs, restau-
rants and supermarkets) can net you some better stock —
people feel guilty when they're enjoying themselves, and
you can play that to your advantage. Those places usually
have regular beggars, though, and you might have to fight
them to work the spot. If you do beg, there are two rules:
Watch out for the pigs, and always be gracious. I've seen
people go bugshit at citizens who won't hand over money,
and let me tell you, nothing will harden a person's heart
faster than a beggar with an attitude. On the other hand, a
nice "thank you" will make the mark more ready to contrib-
ute next time.

That kind of guilt keeps the shelters open. The shel-
ters, in turn, provide a good place to eat. The food is bland
and the waiting is tedious, but if you have no pride, a soup
kitchen can be a lifesaver. Most large cities have several,

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 15

NA

N

and advertise them well. Anyone on the street knows where
to find one. If you don't know where to go, just look for the
warehouse or church with crosses and pretty signs all over
it, and the huge fucking line of two-legged maggots in front.
Soup kitchens aren't come-when-you-want facilities. They
serve when and if the citizens running them have time to
open the doors and cook the grub. Aside from that, the only
real problems you encounter ata shelter are the waiting, the
boredom, the stench and presence of human refuse, and the
ranting of sanctimonious citizens "trying to make a differ-
ence." Fuck the difference. Let's eat, thank you.

Tolisten to the citizens, you'd think we all went around
robbing and scamming them. Bullshit. It's too much trouble,
most of the time, and there are easier ways to go. Still, some
folks do get hard ripping people off. If that's your trip, just
do it carefully. I don't feel like catching shit for your grift,
fucker.

The easiest scam in the world is social services. They
were set up to handle your sorry ass, so they're basically one-
stop shopping — food, shelter, major medical, drugs, even
dental care — if you want to deal with the hassles of
paperwork, long lines and condescending looks from the
public servants. Just go into any state-supported shelter,
look respectable, talk a good game, and hope the politicians
haven't been dipping too deep into the welfare funds. That
happens a lot. -

Scamming is an art form built on confidence, cool and
charm. Most times, the mark won't even know what's going
on until you're long gone. I'm not giving out any secrets
here — if you're not slick enough to cough up your own
grift, I'm not offering lessons! I will just tell you that a good
con depends on fast talk, an honest face, a sexy bod, and
greed... your mark's greed. Offer a man something for
nothing, and watch him get stupid. By the time he pulls his
head out of his ass, your hand will be long gone with his
wallet. If he stays smart, back away and find someone else.
The world is full of morons.

(Note to the ladies: You will have an easier time pulling
a grift than a grab, but if you choose to steal outright, you
have surprise on your side. No man thinks a woman can
steal from him, and few women expect a sister to rip ‘em off.
If you get nailed, cry up a good sob story. Toss in a little
tease, and chances are, you'll walk. Note to men: If you've
got a lady-friend, let her do the talking and shut the fuck
up.)

Robbery is easy. Just find a citizen too drunk, scared or
stupid to resist, then grab his shit and run. Most sheep are
easy to intimidate, especially if you look like Charlie
Manson's inbred cousin. Lots of people turn this into a
power trip, hassling the mark until some worse crime gets
committed. That's the dumb-fuck route. I tell you now, if
you're going to rob, you will get caught once in a while.
When you do, it's easier all around if they don't add Assault,
Battery, Rape or Attempted Murder to your sheet. Act like

16 The Orphans Survival Guide

a freak, and they will treat you like a freak. Be cool. Just let
the citizen know what's in store if he resists. Nine out of 10,
he'll hand it over and you can jam without further compli-
cations. Ifsomeone gets hurt, your survival factor goes down
— way down.

Dumpster-diving is the last way to go, but if you're
hungry enough, it'll do. If you can hit a restaurant's trash
just near closing time, you might not have to get dirty at all.
Most bus boys and dishwashers have been there, my friend,
and they'll slip you what they can, especially if you're cute,
pathetic or both. Should you need to take the big plunge,
keep some newspapers around to clean up with afterward.
Use a stick to push the really nasty stuff aside. As for the
smell, you get used to it. Don't go near anything with flies
or maggots on it, and stay away from meat — it spoils too
quickly. Pizzas are golden if they're still in the box, and most
people leave at least one piece inside. If you do raid a
dumpster, make sure you have a secluded crapper nearby.
Chances are, you will need it by the end of the night, and
you do not want to be caught with your pants down.

By the way, there's a reason most homeless people
drink booze, and it isn't just the buzz. You do not want to
drink water unless you are either A: at a shelter, B: at a
public water fountain, C: boiling the shit before you drink
it, or D: dying right this fucking minute. A rat's asshole has
nothing on the germs in urban standing water. Even most
public bathroom sinks are poison.

Find a Place to Crash

Shelter is another thing citizens take for granted. Until
it is gone, you never realize what it's worth. It's easy to stand
around outside on a sunny day. It's fun to take a walk in the
rain. It's neither easy nor fun to be caught outside ona really
hot or cold day, and worse to be stuck outside at night. In
case you're terminally dense, you'll notice that there are no
beds outside, no comfy places to lay down without fear of
attack. Park benches, thick bushes, alleys and fire escapes
provide places to nap, but let me tell you, buddy, you learn
to sleep very lightly when there's a possibility that you'll
wake up surrounded, beaten or dead.

If you're homeless, weather is your worst enemy. A cold
night can kill, and a hot one can make you wish you were
dead. Rain's good for a shower, but a long, hard day (or
night) of it can be the most miserable thing in the world,
especially if you're trying to sleep, too. In bad storms —
blizzards, frosts, heat waves and hurricanes — you have two
options: seek shelter, or suffer and probably die. We tal-
ented folk have an easier time standing up to the elements,
but you usually need some kind of spell or ritual that
hardens you to the weather, first. Without one, you're as
dead as anyone else. The only good thing about harsh
weather is that it drives the maggots indoors. No one wants
to walk around fucking people up when they could be
comfortably inside.


George Carlin once said that home is where you put
your stuff. No home, no stuff. Again, this is something
citizens take for granted. If you're living out of a car, a box
orashopping cart, though, you soon learn that your stuff is
community property. Sure, you might be able to stash that
gold coin up your ass or hide a ritual dagger in a pile of
clothes. Sooner or later, though, someone is going to go
through your shit. You can't watch it all the time unless you
keep it ina backpack, and then it's only as secure as you are.
You live on the streets; my friend, you will get rolled —cops,
kids, other losers, it doesn't matter. Anything you have,
they will take, unless it has been disguised to look like
something no one wants.

Here's another place where "our kind" has an advan-
tage — with the right spells, we can make gold look like
dogshit. Even then, though, you're limited in what you can
carry. The Hermetic Wizard's Do Everything Ritual Toolkit
From Hell will not fit in a knapsack. Unless you can learn to
improvise with at-hand objects (something Hollowers and
witch-types do much better than rite-wizards or mad scien-
tists), your oh-so-cool magicks will be a thing of the past.

dude,

Man comes up to homele:

Oh yeah, funny joke:
says "get a job," and walks away thinking he's
something profound. Stupid fuck, try getting a job when you
have no address, no place to wash up, no extra clothes, and
probably no valid I.D.! If you're streetbound, you've lost a
lot more than just a roof.

So where do you go when you have nowhere to go? A
few suggestions:

© Homeless shelters are a "duh." That's where you're
supposed to go, dumbass, and the best of them are fairly
comfertable, provided you're used to worse. Good sides:
staff to watch over you (sometimes); running water; beds,
cots or blankets for sleeping; people to talk to; a roof that
won't fall in. Bad sides: usually crowded (if not closed due
to overcrowding); lines for everything; lots of losers; stench
from selfsame losers; no privacy; and the same kind of
sanctimonious bullshit that makes soup kitchens such a
pain. Also, most shelters have limits on how long you can
stay there. At best, they're a temporary option, but when
you're homeless, everything's temporary except poverty.

 Crashspace is good if you can score some. Say you've
got a friend who deals; he likes having good-looking chicks
hanging around, and he doesn't mind paying rent for the
privilege of their company. If you are said "good-looking
chick," boom! Crashspace. (You can work out the deals as
needed.) Hippies, bikers, bangers, priests and fags are good
sources of crashspace, so long as you meet their price. Some
just want you to be cool, some want dick or pussy, and some
want religious conversion. Me, I'll settle for the first two.

If you can pass for a citizen, you can make your own
crashspace. The lobby cops won't let Joe Stinky Homeless
Fucker anywhere near the hotel elevators, but a clean-cut
tourist who "just forgot his keys" can scam an empty room,

17

Chapter I: Voices in the Night

Nerv All

V/JAEXS

orslip in behind a maid who just finished with one. Ifall else
fails, you're only a picked lock away from some citizen's
apartment — bad if he's coming home at five, good if he's
gone for a while.
© If you have a car, live in it. Park it in places where
people pass by occasionally (if it's totally secluded, you're all
alone), but not so often that they notice a person living in
the fucking car. Stay around the car during the day (but not
so close that you'll be nailed for loitering or boosting), and
crawl into it at night. If Officer J. Pigg wants to know why
you're dozing in the car, tell him you're just sleeping off a
bender. Keep your shit in the trunk, and make sure the keys
are well hidden on your person at all times.
© Lots of people crash in junkyards, condemned build-
ings and wrecking sites. Those places are ideal if you can
make friends with (or avoid) the guard dogs, and can beat the
other losers who will undoubtedly want to keep that space to
themselves. Chances are, any really good spot in a city has
been marked by a gang. If you get caught on banger turf, you'd
better be cool enough to impress ‘em, bad enough to kill ‘em,
or fast enough to outrun ‘em. They make shitty landlords.
© Parks and graveyards offer lots of good places to
crash —jungle gyms and bushes in the parks, mausoleums,
crypts and ornate monuments in the cemeteries. Parks
tend to be safe during the days as long as you don't freak
the kids out, but they turn into drug stores and meat
markets at night. A lot of times, the regulars won't fuck
with you if they've seen your face around, but sometimes
you'll get a psycho roller or a beat cop with an attitude.
Graveyards are a lot safer — most maggots are scared of
‘em, most cops don't bother with ‘em, and most Satan
freaks won't give a shit if you're hanging around. Hell, if
you play your cards right, you might even be able to form
your own cult! Downside: There are worse things than
Satan freaks. I stumbled across some undead initiation
in Chicago one night, and I barely got out alive.

© If youare well and truly fucked, a box in an alley
will do. Lots of down-and-outers do the cardboard
palace routine, and while it isn't comfortable, it's
safer than sleeping open. Sure, every once ina while,
the cops will do some housecleaning, the bag ladies
will go shopping in your stuff, and the rich boys will
decide to play "stomp the winos." If you're prepared
for that, though, you can make do in a newspaper-
covered box shack.

A couple of pointers: Find, beg or steal a bigass
box, preferably from an appliance shop or an auto-
parts store. Waterproof it with blankets, newspapers
or (best of all) plastic. Holding the ‘proofing down
with rocks, tape or your own special rituals. Set it

give up any idea of privacy or dignity. Final note: When rain
or the Hawk (winter, dumbass!) comes screaming down,
find better shelter. Cardboard means nothing in a storm.

Sewers and subways are literally the last resort. While
they're warm in winter and cool in summer, they smell like
the Devil's colon and crawl with every form of disease,
parasite and infestation known to man (and quite a few that
aren't). Worse, there are things living there that no one
should ever see, hardcore or not: corpse-cannibals, giant
bugs, shit-eating crazy people, and stuff that would make
H.P Lovecraft gag. I've known a few people who spent
nights in the undercity and lived to tell about it, but I
wouldn't put their examples in a "survival guide," trust me!

Wherever you go, remember these things: Public pools
and libraries are your friends (the first has showers, the
second has washrooms, crash space and reading materials).
Cops and old winos are not your friends. Hotel staffers can
be duped. There's safety in numbers, so long as those
numbers are five or less (more, and the cops get twitchy).
Fast talk, charm and sex cover a multitude of sins.

r

a = emai
are ‘bones OrBan Survival Kit

2 = pack, tucksack or shopping cart: This i

» Without it, you have nothing. ae

° Blanket: Bed, wrap, overcoae4ha

* Knife: Not necessarily
aril
Make sure it's sturdy, in <

is not always betterr

© Paper: Wrappe

hom

® Shoes: Hard to find ifyo
a bad place to go barefooe'( }

* Alcohol: Not jd
stuff's good for cuts, and
other things if you don
© Cigarettes:

a
<9.
z
=

nymore. Strong |
lays trade booze for |

you can tell time with ‘em
tose before something
Signals; and in a tigh;

ight spor,
wrecking your shir. |= ai

mm
si

somewhere out of the weather, like under a fire
escape or overhang, but away from the citizens.
Find a gutter to piss in, and keep a lot of newspaper
and food wrappers handy for the big dumps. And

by : s, harmoni ™
cate Paperbacks, ‘onica, matcHes,-walking |

8 a deodorant, sdap, sham. |

18 The Orphans Survival Guide

get too attachd bi

reet your witchin; tools. Just doi 4
: : |
thie: aya) have it ibkes |


So what's good about being homeless? No responsibili-
ties, no hassles with the boss, no time clock, and no taxes.
What you can grab is yours, provided you can keep it. Go
where you like, when you like. Just watch your ass, stay hard
enough to stand but loose enough to roll, and it's not half
bad. Luxuries are the biggest cage in the free world. Once
you learn to let go of shit like indoor plumbing and regular
meals, there are worse ways to live.

Know Your Neighborhood

Once you have a place to stay, get to know the area. You
are on a fucking safari. Puzzle out the streets and map out the
hidden corners. Plan good ambush and escape routes, and note
the local watering holes. Watch the natives and learn their
ways. Pick the best places to score sleep or a meal. Figure out
who the big boys are, get to know the faces, check out the talk
and learn to mimic it. At the same time, let the right people
learn your face, too. Don't be an asshole. If you seem down with
the scene and don't act like a tourist, you will probably be
accepted, at least on the fringe. If youcome in like Don Fucking
Corleone, you will probably end up like Sonny instead.

A nice thing about being a maggot: People don't see
you. If I am homeless, I am the fucking Invisible Man,
blending in with the scenery. You would be amazed at how
much information you can pick up just by being part of the
landscape; add your "talents" to that access, and you be-
come a regular encyclopedia of the neighborhood.

Once you've got the intel, you've got chips. Cops,
bangers, rich freaks and P.I.s will be glad to give you some
grease in return for good information. Again, this is a place
where magick comes in very handy — if you know things no
one should be able to know, and no one saw you learning
them, you've got some powerful cards in your hand. Be very
careful with the buy-and-sell, though; you can talk to some
people, but talking to the wrong people at the wrong time is
a good way to end up as some don's Thanksgiving turkey.

Make Family, Contacts and Allies

Part of that safari is learning who you can trust. No one
can live long without a family — if the predators don't pick
you off, your own depression will. We all need families. Hell,
the baddest motherfucker in the world still needs someone
to hold his hand on long nights. Chances are, you've lost
your blood relations. When you set up shop, make an effort
to grow another family. Lonesome is dead.

Allow me to make a few distinctions:

© Family is blood. They'd kill for you; you'd kill for
them. There's all kinds of shit about gangs and mobs being
"family" to each other, but that's fairy-tale stuff. Family is
two or three people you would eat your own nuts for. These
relationships take a lot of time to make, and a crisis or two
to cement. Family is not asked for or purchased. It isearned.

¢ Friends are people you hang with. In most cases, you
can count on them to do things that don't require much


Sa all

EAZESS

devotion. Trust is usually there, but it's not worth testing
too much or too often. Lots of people buy friends, either
with gang membership, favors, dope, sex or cash. Some rely
on their families to make friends for ‘em, but those types
don't last too long.

© Contacts are trade partners. You have something;
they have something. You give, you get. Simple. Trust is
minimal, but so long as your contact believes you have
something he wants, chances are he won't jack you unless a
better offer (ora more ruthless trading partner) comes along.

* Allies owe you. Maybe they're your gang, your cult,
or people you once helped. Maybe they like you, maybe
they're just paid to act like they do. Maybe you've both got
ashared enemy. No matter. Chancesare, you're notchummy,
but will back one another ina fight. Allies are like the wind
(or some Chinese bullshit like that): great at your back, bad
in your face.

Then there are beholders, people you owe. Nobody's
debt-free, especially on the streets, but you want to be really
careful who you're beholden to, and for how much. Sooner
or later, you're going to have to ask someone for a favor. Just
be sure you know the price before you seal the deal. It may
be more than you could ever pay, talented or not.

© Hell, if nothing else, get a dog or some other animal.
Animals don't fuck you over, bring their personal problems
into your space, or back out if the shit begins to rise. No
matter how many friends you think you have, get yourself
a beast or two. (Hell, I know people who have whole packs,
but that's usually a bit much, and they're a bitch to feed.) If
you've done the mystick-familiar-animal-companion thing,
great. Dogs, cats, crows, pigeons, rats, even spiders... lots of
street witches keep their real buddies close, and those
friends can see and do things no human could try.

Whatever you do, do not assume a relationship. Many
people, especially bangers, cops and hardcore hobos, get
very bent if someone acts like their buddy without earning
the right to. Some will sucker you. Others will put a curb
between your fucking teeth. When you are down, they will
let you know. Till then, keep a respectful distance.

Casta Long Shadow

Respect is everything, the respect you give and the
respect youearn. The leading cause of getting dead is the dis
— the insult, real or perceived, that's worth killing over.
Draw your line, hold it, and stand up when you're called
upon to be a man (or a woman). When you walk, walk
confident. When you talk, talk sure. All this is true. But
bragging is a fool's game, and the stakes can get high indeed.
People will expect you to produce; if you can't, your ass will
pay the toll for it.

As a tule, it is better to work by implication and
reputation than to make threats or boasts. If you can pull off
a few impressive jobs early on and take credit for them
without getting wrecked, let those actions speak for you

20 The Orphans Survival Guide

later. If you can, arrange things so that they occur without
risk to you, but leave the credit at your door, even better.
Intimidating a roomful of hardasses, then leaving without
them noticing that you've gone, that's the best trick of all
(and one that people with our talents can pull off without
much difficulty).

Quiet is good. No one respects a braggart, but everyone
respects a legend. Although everyone expects a little bit of
flash-n-trash from a player, it's usually better to let other
people do your talking for you. One, you don't come off
looking like a hyena. Two, your deeds will grow in the
telling, so long as other people do that telling. It's never a
bad thing to have "agents" out there to spread your fame, but
be careful about what they say. Sooner or later, the legend
gets called out. Ifhe can't make good on his rep, he's history.

Always give respect where it is due. If you meet
somebody's eyes, make sure he's a buddy, a mark or a pussy.
Otherwise, you will ramble, and who knows how that will
turn out? In general, if you act cool and stand up when you
have to, people will leave you be. If you go around acting like
Mike Tyson ona bender, you'll be eating shit instead of ears.

Along those lines, always keep your word. A liar makes
enemies quick, and those lies follow him wherever he goes.
Your word has to be law — to you and to others — if it is to
mean anything at all. If you make a promise, you must keep
it, whether that promise is to help a child, to move a piano,
or to break some motherfucker's legs. If you do not stand by
your word, no one else will stand by you.

Hidden is Best

The scariest fuckers in the world are the ones nobody
sees. If you've ever seen that movie The Usual Suspects,
you'll know what I mean. The world was frightened by that
Kayser guy, even though the people who feared him worked
alongside him every day. That fear, along with his intelli-
gence, was the greatest power he had, and it made him
stronger than a room full of legbreakers.

When you hit the streets, my advice to you is this:
disappear. This is especially true for those of you who leave
behind Traditions, Conventions, or other cults. The more
hidden you are, the harder it is for them to find you. If you
can, change your face, your name and your circle of friends.
Dump everything you own, or at least everything that ties
you to your old life and old name. Then start hacking out a
new name for yourself — several new names, if you can
manage it. This part takes time, but it stands up later on. Do
lots of favors for the right people, but don't spend ‘em yet.
Save markers for later use.

When you get set up, keep escape avenues open. I know
one ghost who keeps a loft in one name, has his mail
delivered to another name in another place by people who
owe him, works the streets under a third name, and operates
a handful of mail-scams under three or four others. Anyone
who wants his head has to trace through a half-dozen blind


addresses, phony I.D.s, and a jungle of casual acquaintan-
ces. If they happen to find him at home — which no one has
so far — they have to deal with the hardest wall of all... his
pals and the biggest dog in New York.

Never Get Too Fucked Op
To Walk Away

We all get wild. That's just a fact. If you aren't partying,
you might as well be dead. Your poison, your choice — it's not
my place tojudge. Coke, crack, booze, crank, cock, pussy... bon
appetite, as they say. Just be sure you can walk away afterward.

If you lay yourself out, it's open season on your sorry ass.
Predators can sense a wounded animal, and we're the only
animals stupid enough to wound ourselves. I'm not saying
that your head has to be crystal-clear at all times, although
some people would. (There's no shame in sobriety; it just
doesn't work for me.) I'm just saying that if you plan to

Ne

indulge, plan on walking away from it in functional condi-
tion. Junkies, drunks and potheads occupy the bottom of
the urban food chain. The only thing lower is a slumming
suburbanite. If you're one of them, you're already dead.

Do Not Fuck With the Big Boys

Just don't. Accept the fact that some forces — the cops,
the government, the local vampires, the Mob —are bigger,
meaner and richer than you. Going up against them may be
all noble and shit, but it is not conducive to survival.

If you must play in traffic, do it through a false I.D.,
blame it on somebody else, make a dozen escape routes, and
get ready to die anyway. Once you've made that peace with
fate, you've learned the greatest lesson of survival: When
you have nothing to lose, you lose your fear. When you fear
nothing, everyone else fears you.

Word. Live. Peace.

To Live Outside the Law,
You Must Be Honest

Incurable disease on the day of rest

I'm walking on water in a sea of incest
T've got the image of Jesus imbedded in my chest
Ican'tleave home without my bullet-proof vest
— Christian Death, "Spiritual Cramp"

By Silver, with help from Max and Da Bitch

The Bag o' Beans café is ready to close.
Max, the owner, stacks chairs on top of the tables,
and the lone counter-girl dumps the last of the day's coffee. The
Bag o' Beans is a small coffee house located a few blocks from the
Chapel Perilous, and is the pre-club meeting place for many of the
local gothlings who attend on those nights.

The décor of the Bag o' Beans is not particularly dark, but
the atmosphere is welcoming, far more so than the slick, yuppie
pick-up texture of the sarcastically dubbed "Café Get Laid" just
down the street. Along with flyers for various bands and clubs,
as well as display work by local artists, hangs a plain black poster
with white block lettering: "DON'T BUY THAI!" it states in
large capital letters, "Ask Me Why!" If asked, Max or one of his
counter people will explain about child sexual slavery in Thai-
land, and how the only way to get the government to stop it is
through economic sanctions. Apparently, he'll tell you, no
amount of appeal to their government on moral issues has helped,
and a boycott seems to be the only thing that will make a
difference. Max also harbors a soft spot for kids in difficult
situations, anda tired, hungry orphan can usually depend on him
for a cup of coffee, a free pastry, and most importantly, no
annoying questions. The word on the scene is that Max was part
of the original goth/punk scene 20 years ago, and still remembers

how tough and exhausting it can be to survive when you're young
and different. His "Carpe Noctum" tattoo definitely looks much
older than the fanzine of the same name.

Tonight, Maxis staying late. Silver's at her usual table, and
sometimes, her talks with the kids take a very long time. Max has
known Silver for more years than he can readily remember. The
passage of time makes it foggy, unclear, but she's been on the
scene about as long as he has, though he often thinks to himself
that she hasn't aged a day. She started using the café for these
"counseling" sessions of hers a couple of years ago, first reading
Tarot cards, then just talking with the kids. It's been a good deal
for him. Most of the kids come back, bring their friends, and
usually buy something. When they can't, he tries to help in any
the way he can. Sometimes a kid will come in, wild eyed and
scared, and Max won't ever see the kid again. Other times,
things will be back to normal the next week. Looking over at
Silver's table, Max sighs, flips over the This Mortal Coil tape,
and heads to the back to read. Sticking around like this does make
for some long nights. Maybe one day he'll give Silver a set of keys
to the place and let her lock up when she's done. He believes he
can trust her, but isn't ready to take that step yet.

Silver sits at her corner table, the one with a window view of
the entire intersection outside. She's sipping chai, while the kids
with her have dark "depth charges," coffee/espresso concoctions
designed for late nights. Silver's wearing a simple ballet dress of
dark-red velvet, and sports lots of glittery eye make-up, her own
quiet protest against the ceaseless black wardrobes of her fellows.
Her hair, tinted a similar color, shimmers with glitter. The kids with
her, both draped in unrelenting black, are Raven and Janine, both
look about 19 years old. Silver doesn't look much older. She is.

21

Chapter I: Voices in the Night

NO Ail

Z

The Orphans Survival Guide

"Marc said you're really wise." Raven offers, after draining
his cup. "He said we should talk to you if we're planning on
staying around here." He puts an arm protectively around
Janine. Apparently, he's here more for her benefit than his own.
Silver senses this, but her smile is faint.

"I can't say that I'm ‘wise'..." Silver's emphasis puts
something vaguely sardonic on the word, "... but I've seen some
things, and I've made some mistakes. I can tell you about them,
and about some other friends of mine. After that, you can figure
things out for yourself. I won't tell you what to do — that
wouldn't do any good, and you wouldn't listen anyway. I'll just
tell you about what I know."

So they listen, because the club's not open yet, and because
they're a little scared (okay, sometimes alot scared) , do because
Silver is pretty to watch, even if she is a little... um... bright.
She's also the first person they've spoken with about all of this
magick stuff who doesn't seem to have a bit of slime about her.

Besides, she's got something to say, something they
should hear.

Four Stages of aNew Life

We are, in some way, branded by what we are. Our
lives are different enough in the beginning, but one day
something just kicks us upside the head and forces our eyes
so far open that nothing we can do will ever shut them
again. I can see just by looking at you that you both
understand what I mean, and I can see the scars that both
of you hide because the wounds that left them are too
painful to reveal, even to each other. Well, I don't expect
you to reveal them to me — nor, frankly, do I want you to.
The details aren't important. What you do after the freak-
out, after the day when your life explodes, is important. It's
vitally important!

I've heard it said that we Wintershiners go through four
stages in our lives. Most of the orphans I have seen burn out
or die during the first two, but if you're smarter than they
were, you don't have to. There's The Burn, the freak-out
when enlightenment hits you like a lightning bolt; then
there's The Focus, when you put things back together and
start living a new life. Usually, our kind starts practicing
some kind of magick, although some of us never bother to
refine those talents and just sit on the fringes of society
using "psychic powers" or whatever you want to call them,
working phone scams or gambling on whatever faint talents
they can call up. If you're smart, you might make it to Stage
Three, Stacking the Deck, the point at which you actually
achieve enough skill to use your understanding — and the
powers it gives you — with some reliability. If you get really
good, you might even reach The Dawn, and learn to see
beyond this pathetic pretense of a life. I'll tell you right out
that very few of us ever make it that far. Too many — way
too many — either burn out, blow up, get busted or just stay
stuck at the Deck stage, spinning powerful cocoons for


magickal moths, but never getting beyond the tricks and
learning to ride on butterfly wings.

Like I said, the Awakening burns you, inside and out.
And it's better to learn to ride that fire than to let it ride you.
I could talk about theory all night and still not say a single
word you would remember by tomorrow, so let me tell you
what I've seen. Maybe it will sound familiar enough to strike
achord in you. Maybe it'll just serve as a warning. Either way,
please use these stories as examples of what not to do. My own
wisdom was purchased by the bodies of my friends. | was smart
enough to learn from their mistakes. I hope you will be, too.

Because none of us are immortal.

The Burn: Everything
Goes Crack!

Most of us don't handle the "Awakening" very well. Of
all the four stages, this one is the hardest to survive.
Between the wild burst of unexpected talent, the rush of
madness and the complications that come with both, lots of
Wintershiners either burn out, crack, or get snagged by
someone bigger than themselves.

When I was in L.A., I knew a boy we called Aphotic
Tony. "Aphotic" means "without light." But he didn't
begin that way. When I met him, he was one of the most
talented musicians in the city, with a sense of poetry that
was delicate and sophisticated. But he did have an over-
fondness for the most disastrous chemical combinations,
though. One night his band was playing at some East
Hollywood dive, and he freaked out from too much crystal
meth. The owner threw him out in the middle of the set,
and while the band carried on without their leader, he
wandered the streets alone.

There he was, dressed for the stage, in too much make-
up and tight revealing clothing. His mind turned inside-out
by too many chemical stimuli. The gang that found him beat
him senseless, but when they attempted to slash his throat,
his mind fought back. Some small sense of survival within
him made him fight against actual death, and he lashed out.
When I found him, moments later, moments too late, he was
drenched in blood — theirs and his own. His system had
cleaned itself of the drugs, and poor Tony seemed barely
cognizant of what had transpired. He never recovered from
that night, and he drew deeper within himself, using his
magicks to enhance the effects of the chemicals he was now
shooting regularly into his body. He became incapable of
hearing or accepting any comfort that was offered. When he
finally turned blue and died, it was a kind of mercy.

But he didn't have to go that way, and he shouldn't
have. Suicide, even done slowly, is letting them win. It's
saying they are stronger than you. That is one thing we
never, ever want to do. Because they are not, not if you can
teach deep within yourself, recognize the power that you

have, and learn to use it. Aphotic Tony is an example of
great despair and horrible loss. And there is so much more
to life than that.

Drugs didn't kill Tony. Self-destruction, the dark angel of
hopelessness, killed him. No matter how bad things get, you
cannever let yourself be driven to that. Once you godown that
path, it's too late for salvation. Then the laughing night wins.

Josie was another kid I knew a few years back. She wasn't
smart, but she was good-natured, and always meant well, and
would never have hurt anyone. But there were times that I had
problems respecting her, because she also tended to behave
like a perfect victim. Her life taught her that lesson.

Before the sky split open, Josie lived with her mom in a
rough part of Los Angeles. At least she hada home, she thought.
But Josie's mom wasn't very happy with her own life, and every
time she got a new boyfriend, she made it clear that she
expected Josie to disappear. Josie always said that she under-
stood, and that when her mom was in love she didn't need
anyone else around to spoil it. So she'd split for a while...
sometimes all night, sometimes for nights ata time. Eventually,
though, Josie would have to go home. When things inevitably
soured with whatever man hermom broughthome, Josie would
be forced to take the blame... screaming, tantrums, sometimes
beatings — you know, the usual. She would be so sweet about
the whole thing, always saying, "Mom doesn't mean it; it's just
so hard for her to meet nice guys." Things like that. Truth was,
Mommy was a Grade-A skeeze, but it was never my place to
comment on it. I'm just a good listener.

After a time, there was a new boyfriend who actually
moved in. Apparently he acted real slick, like he thought he was
going somewhere, and he claimed he would take Josie's mom
along with him. Where they all went was hell. He caught Josie
coming out of the shower, struck up a little conversation. She
was embarrassed, but felt like she had to be "nice" tomom's new
boyfriend. She excused herself to get dressed, and he followed
her into her room. About this time, her mom arrived home, and
Josie went crying to her. The girl was not what you would call
"bright." Josie forced Momma to choose: boyfriend or daughter.
I'm sure you can see what's coming, but Josie was clueless.

Mommahad 14 kittensandamule. In total spazmode, she
beat the living shit out of Josie. Then the boyfriend came
running up, and he joined the fun. It became a real family
bonding thing, a study in scarlet and blue.

Soon Josie wanted out of the party. As her eyes blackened,
her vision became clearer. It was as if she could hear two voices
coming from her mom's mouth, one out loud, the other one
running through her mind. Momma thought the boyfriend's
attack was Josie's idea — that she had wanted it, and wanted
him! She believed all the other men had left because of Josie,
including Josie's father! And last, clear, and black and appall-
ing, Josie knew what many children suspect: that her mom had
never wanted her, and had always resented her. Tears and
blood painted Josie's face, and things in the house began to
react. The television, the stereo, came on, loud. The lights went

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 23

1 2

SZ

out, popping in silent arcs of fire. The toaster sizzled, and the
refrigerator smoked, and an outlet with too many appliances
plugged in caught fire. No one noticed at first because they were
too busy screaming at Josie, who was busy trying to block out
thoughts even uglier than the words being hurled at her.

By the time they all noticed the fire, it was too late, and
neighbors had called the fire department. Somehow Josie got
out, singed but not burned by fire. Her eyes were huge purple
orbs, but no one asked her about the bruises. The blaze was
tuled "accidental." No one thought the screaming in the next
room was "their business." When she could walk without help
and see, Josie left for good.

Josie was taken in by a very kind woman — a feminist
witch named Elisa, who's still on the scene, by the way. Elisa
did her best to teach Josie self-esteem, and tried to coach her
tofocus her talents through magickal rites and meditation. But
Josie's damage ran pretty deep, and she hada tendency to hook
up with younger versions her mother's worst boyfriends. Elisa
finally had it when Josie brought one of these freeloading losers
back to the safe house where Elisa kept some of her herbs and
incense. The guy looted the place and took off. Josie left
quietly, like it wasn't a surprise. I think if she had tried to talk
with Elisa, they could have worked it out. Asit was, Josie went
back out on her own.

The last time I saw Josie, she was doing much better. She
was staying in the spare room of a very stable gay couple, and
they seemed to view heras the daughter they always wanted but

24 The Orphans Survival Guide

never had. She still had deplorable taste in boyfriends, but she
was learning some new tricks, and didn't allow herself to be
pushed around so much. Those who tried to dominate her
suffered unfortunate little "accidents." It was actually kind of
amusing to see Josie fighting back, and I was happy to see her
trying to better herself. It looked like she was bound on a one-
way to termination, but she surprised me and turned herself
around, Josie told me she was studying, and "developing her
talents," she called it. She and her "parents" moved to Laguna
Beach shortly thereafter, and from what I hear, all are well.
Unlike Aphotic Tony, she survived, even if the road to doing
it was a little rough.

Any of this sound familiar?

No one has an easy time Awakening. That is, no one
of us, no one I've ever met. We are born into a shit storm,
and it's up to us to get through it without choking. Tony
choked. Josie didn't. Both went through hell, as did I, as will
you. No matter what happens, though, you cannot let the
trauma of The Burn force you to curl up and die a victim!
There are so many other ways to go.

Focus: Putting it
Back Together

If you keep your head and make it through The Burn
alive, you hit the next stage. This is the stage where you


learn from your experiences, and figure out how to channel
your talents into power, insight and company.

Things began very badly for Anna. She ran away to this
city when she was very young, maybe 15. She had large
amounts of pride and sense, but life on the street can take
those away fairly quickly. She tried to get straight work, but
she looked her age and tended to talk back to authority
figures — which is usually a good thing, but not smart when
you're a kid on the edge. It's a good idea to learn to be
diplomatic, too. Anna never really learned that, and she
was broke in no time.

So one of the kids encouraged her to try hooking. No
heavy stuff, she was told, just front seat fellatio for the bridge-
and-tunnel crowd. But fate hates to make things easy when
you're at a crossroads. Anna's very first customer was a freak
with a thing for inflicting pain on little girls. A freak, it turned
out, with a previous record and a standing warrant for his
arrest... a combination that saved Anna's skinny ass.

Skinny, maybe, but strong. When things went bad,
Anna fought her way out of the car. Freak-boy didn't want
to let her go, and he took off after her. She booked, trying
to outrun the car, her head pounding, heart racing. Sud-
denly, she turned around and just stared at the guy. The next
moment, the guy's car careened into a wall! Turned out
freak-boy was wanted in connection with the murders of at
least 15 young prostitutes. When the cops finally showed,
Anna wasn't stupid. She was no hooker, she said; Freak-boy

just zoomed up and grabbed her into his car. Her friends
backed her up, and freak-boy wasn't in any condition to
argue. Dead upon impact, the EMTs said. No big fucking
loss to the world. Good riddance!

Young or not, Anna recognized this pivotal moment in
her life for what it was. She was truly Awake — she knew
she was changed, and how. More importantly, she also
knew it was no guarantee of survival. Anna recognized her
power, but also realized her limitations, and saw that there
were things out there that made her power look pathetic.
Oh, of course she went on a purge when the shakes wore
off.... Hell, anybody would do that! But Anna didn't let
either sensation or oblivion take her away from herself.
Once she settled down, the girl made some discreet inquir-
ies... probably similar to the ones you made when you
arrived here... and found her way to the Waydown. She
made friends, observed, learned, then traveled to New
York, and to England, to learn what she could over there.

In the course of her studies, Anna grew froma kid with
talent into a young but dedicated magician — what some
might call a mage. From teachers, acquaintances and even
a few enemies, she picked up secrets of magick, grace and
street survival. When she returned to San Francisco, she
tried to look up some of her old friends. But many had died,
lost to AIDS, drugs or stupidity. Others had died inside, or
been imprisoned by blood-slavery, addiction, or the cops.
Since then, Anna's been working with COYOTE, an

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 25

NS


organization for prostitutes' rights and protection. Most
nights, she's out on the streets herself, keeping her eyes
open and protecting the people who work the streets at
night from the predators that feed there. It's her own war,
and it's as valid as the so-called "ascension war" that other
mages speak of.

Beware the Wizard
Behind the Curtain

In case you haven't heard of it, this so-called "battle
for reality" is the greatest threat to your life and indepen-
dence. It's a shadowy war between rival groups of sorcerers,
the "ascension war" piles up body counts, conspiracies and
backstabbing like some Byzantine court war on an epic
scale. If you survive your new life and time at all, you'll be
approached by members of the different factions in this
war. All I can say is: Keep your distance! These homicidal
egotists talk nice, but when the sun goes down, any one of
them would sell out his own grandmother for a chance to
get an edge.

Some of these odd folk seek to preserve the status quo
of technological advances and esoteric science. Others are
dedicated to bringing back the "old ways" of shamanism,
witchcraft or Kabbalism. Some serve the Christian God.
Some prefer Satan, and a few of them are crazy by anyone's
standards. Not one of them is trustworthy, but they've all
got centuries of magickal teachings, alliances and allies
behind them. You can't fight these people — they're way
too powerful! — and making friends with them is an
invitation to a death-dance. If you meet "kindly old wiz-
ards" who offer to teach you Hermetic secrets, just say no.
If some neo-pagan priestess wants to initiate you into her
coven, thank her and disappear. If some mad scientist
corners you with talk of chaos principles and his pet
theories, make excuses and back away. And, for gods' sake,
if you see dudes in black trenchcoats and mirrorshades, run!

This "ascension war" has been going on for centuries.
Some people never get the hint, I guess. Trust me, the "old
ways" are dead. Our job, should we choose to survive it, is
to find new ways, better ways, to walk a Path that we choose,
not to have one chosen for us. Still, plenty of people believe
their little war is still winnable, and they'll try to convince
you to join the "winning side" — in other words, them. Hey,
maybe you will join one side or the other someday. Just be
certain that it's your choice, not theirs. The most important
war for you to win now is the one of survival.

Saving Your Own Ass

First, get yourselves stabilized and take inventory. If
you're like most of us, Awakening robbed you of any shreds
of "normalcy" your life might have had. That's not bad,
because it means that you can stop trying to pretend that it
ever was normal. Look clearly at the things you've lost: Was
any of it something that really mattered to you? If so, can

26 The Orphans Survival Guide

those things or people be reclaimed? If not, then you're
grieving because it's the conditioned response. Then study
what you still have: No matter what has happened, you are
still you, and you haven't been robbed of that! Changed, yes.
More fully realized, true. But at the core of your being, you
can still recognize the essence of your self. In time, you will
find that much of what you do, especially in dealings with
others of our kind, preserves that essence of your self as the
world becomes more and more chaotic around you.

You'll need a place to stay if you haven't found one
already. You don't want to actually live on the streets, even
if it is useful at times for it to appear as if you do. There is
space sometimes below the Perilous, though I can't recom-
mend it. I can tell you about a couple of abandoned
buildings that are reasonably safe, and can be made even
safer with the proper workings. If you don't know how to do
that, I will teach you.

Meanwhile, assemble a family — you know, friends,
allies and loved ones you can trust. You've already got the
foundations of that in the obvious love I see between you
both, but you'll need more than that to survive. Love
grows stale, especially at your age, and sometimes it grows
bitter as well. To survive at all, especially in our world, you
need a family; since most of us have forsaken — or been
forsaken by — our blood relations, we need to find new
brothers and sisters among others like us. By "like us," I
don't necessarily mean other magicians. Sometimes, as I
said, their company is more hazardous than anything else.
No, I mean other outcasts — people from subcultures that
quote-unquote "normal" people turn their noses up at:
punks, Rastas, gays, musicians, goths... you know your
own kind well enough. Still, don't limit yourself to a
certain kind of crowd. Remember Josie, who fucked up six
ways to Sunday until she found an older gay couple who
would become her parents. Look for those you can trust,
those who stand up in a crisis. Watch your back, and get
someone else to cover it. If someone wants you to join his
cult, get away from him at once!

In general, you just have to realize that your life has
changed completely, and make the adjustment. Don't ac-
cept less from life than what you expect, because you now
have the means to get what you deserve. You may not be
used to having much, but that's changed too! Look deep
inside yourself and recognize what your talents are. Once
you do that, you have to learn to use them.

Stacking the Deck:
Learning fo Walk the Walk

There is so much that you will need to learn. You need
to discover where your talents lie. After that, someone who
knows those things well can teach you how to use those
abilities to your best advantage. You need to learn what and
who to avoid, and how.


Choosing Friends

This city is filled with some incredibly talented people
who could coax ability from sleeping souls. It's also full of
wanna-be masters who'll fuck you up and make you thank
them for the privilege! These last may seem beautiful
beyond compare, and talk like they care about you, but they
have their own agendas. I wish I could give you a blueprint
for tecognizing these magickal parasites, but there really
isn't one. There are tricks to help you spot one, but that
means making contact first, if the scammer is any good!
And sometimes at that point, it's too late.

Watch how those around you interact with others,
listen to what is said, and how it's said. Don't believe
everything you hear, but believe that there is a reason for
everything people say. If you know the reason behind a
statement, you can judge its veracity, and the person saying
it, more accurately. It's all social games, but games with a far
deadlier edge than you ever dreamed of before.

Make no mistake: There are those who would kill you
without hesitation. There are others, though, for reasons of
their own, who actually give adamn whether you live or die,
and in what condition.

For example, there's a guy in Hollywood named Icarus,
known to most of the world as a talented producer of some
very eclectic music. His particular form of magick is tied
intrinsically to his music. He loves both that Art and that
music deeply, but he's also devoted to helping out those of
us who find themselves lost or in trouble. He's not as flash
as the club queens there, but he gives young mages a safe
place tostay. He'salsoan amazing teacher. We stay in touch
regularly — he sends me tapes of his new material and passes
me new information. He's also convinced that if we out-
casts can unite, and bring all our disparate factions together,
we can establish power, anda place for ourselves on our own
terms. That's something I also believe, but we have to stop
distracting ourselves with useless social games first!

There's a woman named Belladonna at Chapel Peril-
ous with similar feelings. She's seen the social dance — has
actually traced its steps for quite a while — but I think she's
becoming disgusted with it at last. As she sees it, we'll never
be truly strong until we stop cannibalizing each other
emotionally. She's tired of seeing us get picked off by
predators, and is finally getting serious about putting an end
to it. You might want to look for her at the club tonight.

If you're talented and impetuous enough to find it,
there's the Waydown. Perhaps you've heard of it — the
revolving club that only the right people know how to
locate? It's in a different place every week, so you have to
move fast to find it! The search is worth it, though, because
the people there have their acts together as much as any of
us, and have been around long enough to understand all the
game playing (although most of them don't really need it).
Penny Dreadful is a great source of information, always

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 27

tl \

‘


NO Ail

dispensed in an interesting manner. Neville Sinclair can
often be found there as well; he won't necessarily say much.
If he does, it will be in the most off-hand of manners. If you
watch him, you can learn a great deal, and if you're very
patient, he might deign to teach you some things.

Wherever you go and whoever you hook up with, keep an
eye on your companions. Most of the time, you can get an idea
about a person's intentions just from watching how well their
words and their actions match. If you're hanging around with
someone who claims he's a good friend, but slags his other
buddies behind their backs, watch out. A guy can look like
Robert Smith's cuter younger brother, but if his girlfriends —
or boyfriends — cringe and fawn when he's around, chances
are there's some seriously non-consensual D&S going on, and
you'll want to steer clear. Sometimes the wrapper pretty much
states its contents clearly: If you're gravitating toward some
chick with a taste for blood and a wet place for Satan, you're
probably stepping onto the fringes of a relationship that will
not do wonders for self-preservation! The darkness is fun —
hey, I'd never deny it! — but there's dark, and then there's
deeply fucked-up dark. When you are one of us, that second
kind of dark can bite your soul in half.

The Art Inside: Affinity

Become aware of yourself and of everything around you.
The first lesson you learn will be figuring out the right people
to hang around. That will include choosing the right teachers,
learning when (and when not) to play the social games, and
reaching an understanding within yourself — an understand-
ing of magick, its powers, and your talents with both.

When you woke up, chances are you experienced some
drastic event. Something trashed you so badly that your
inner talents had to blast through the surface to keep you
from dying. Some people call that event a "spark"; the blaze
that follows it points your talents in a certain direction and
gives you a base to work from.

Let me tell you about Gina; from what I heard, she
Awakened during a fire that totally consumed her parents'
house. She woke up to the sounds of her mother screaming and
her father trying to fight the flames with a dried-out fire
extinguisher. The cheap-ass landlord had met the city fire regs,
but furnished his tenants with devices that didn't work. Gina's
parents burned to death. The only thing that kept her from
doing the same thing was a dizzying burst of power that allowed
her to drive the fire back by will alone. It was a "wild talent," a
spell she couldn't do again no matter how hard she tried... until
she learned the Arts of the Elements from a teacher she met in
the Waydown a few months after her home was destroyed.
Even now, I think, she still blames herself for the fire — maybe,
she reasons, she might have caused it by accident in her sleep,
or maybe she could have saved her parents if she had only tried
to will the flames back a little sooner. She's still a bit fucked up
by the whole deal, but I will tell you this: No one I've ever met,
in this city or any other, shares Gina's affinity for fire-magick.

28 The Orphans Survival Guide


Finding Focus: Tools and Rites

Once you understand where your talents lie, you have
to find things to focus on, tools and rituals that help you
bridge your feelings, your intentions and your actions, then
bring them all together into a spell. Here's where things get
tricky. You see, lots of people (including those "ascension
war" wizards I told you about earlier) would have you believe
that there is only one way to perform magick. They'll offer
you endless theories, stories and proof, perform tricks for
you, even threaten you if they think it will make you see that
their way is the only way. That's what they're fighting about,
you know — for one truth, one practice, one vision. We
know better, and they hate us for it.

Some of us use Tarot cards to bridge our understand-
ings between the images and the truths they represent.
Some of us prefer altering our bodies through pain and
art, linking the pain of the act to the passion of the Art.
Some use the traditional tools and incantations of witch-
craft, the pagan rites of Greece, Egypt or the Celtic
kingdoms to glide away from the modern mindset of
disbelief. Others call upon the gods of their families, or
call up the devils their parents taught them to abhor. I
know Darklings who cast spells through computer pro-
grams, ones who dance their will into form, even those
who simply close their eyes and wish things into being.
None of us, though, have our tools and rituals crammed
down our throats. We find whatever works for each one
of us, consecrates our will to those rites, and changes
them when things don't seem so magickal anymore.

You see, one of the secrets of magick, one of the things
you won't find in the dusty libraries of the so-called "masters
of the Art," is this: Magick must be special. It must be
"other." It must grab you out of your everyday world and
transport you to new heights or depths. Magick must be
wrapped in passion, guided by will and set on its course by the
spirit. And nothing sets the spirit free like novelty. Any tool
or ritual, no matter how significant it might be when you
pick it up, is ultimately just that: a tool or ritual. The power
of the magick comes from inside yourself.

To reach it, you have to step out of what you know and
expand your experiences and perceptions to new levels. In
plain social terms, that means going to new places and doing
new things. Although your family must always be important
to you, it's equally important that you avoid stagnation.
That stagnation is the enemy of magick, the inner ice that
will chill whatever potential you seem to possess. I've seen
too many people — like Aphotic Tony, for instance — who
either get wrapped up in their own angst trip, O.D. on the
social thing, or impress themselves so much with a few tricks
that they lose sight of the real talent deep inside. Those
people, I can tell you from watching them, are dead inside.
They don't think so, but they are. All the power in the world
can't disguise a rotting soul.

1] A. aa
The Dawn:

Becoming a Master

After a while — and not nearly so long as certain elder
mages would have you believe — you will master your
talents. Doing so is quite easy once you recognize what they
are. By then, hopefully, the art of survival will have become
a more natural thing, like breathing. That's also when the
choices become more difficult: You're not just looking out
for yourself; you've got a family to look out for, or maybe you
decide that you're really happier on your own. So where do
you go then? What ties do you form? I cannot tell you that.
By the time you reach the crossroads of the Dawn, you
should be able to make your own choices.

In the beginning of your experiences, you'll probably
need a whole host of tools and spells to help you concen-
trate your intentions into results. As your understanding
and experience grows, though, you might someday reach a
point where certain tricks or perceptions become second
nature. By will and will alone, you may be able to do things
that mundanes can only dream about — levitation, el-
emental control, weather sense, and many other, greater
spells. Eventually, the tools may become superfluous; you
might want to keep them around for safety's sake, or out of
sentiment, but you will not need them.

The Paradox of Power

What you will need is a bit of discipline... and I don't
mean the leather and whips kind (though that is fun!).
Despite all the predators in the night, despite the machina-
tions of the other wizards and the shit that rises up from the
sewers of any city, the single biggest cause of mortality
among our kind is stupidity.

This is the paradox of power: The more you have, the
more careful you have to be with it.

One last story, that of Lady Anais. She was a beautiful,
graceful and altogether delectable member of the Black
Rose Thorn coven in Seattle. Now, Anais had earned the
title "Lady" through some pretty impressive achievements:
ending a long-standing grudge between covens; suckering
out a vampire sect that had been feeding on club regulars,
then burning the fuckers; putting out a rather popular soft-
core goth fanzine, and getting invited to all the right
parties. Hell, she had even been elected Queen of Night
several times over during Halloween festivities, and kicked
the crap out of a gang of mad scientists that had set up shop
in the U District. In mystical power, she was almost
unmatched, and in charisma and physical beauty, I can't
say I've met her equal.

It all went to her head, of course. First, she started
making demands on everyone in her circle — their behav-
ior, clothing, manners, even lovers all had to meet her
approval. Although she had a steady, she bedded anything

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 29


NO Ail

that stirred her fancy, and she began picking fights with the
local night-creatures. After the vampire pot roast, she wound
upat the top ofa death list;a "blood hunt" bounty was posted
for her immediate, painful death. One night, the streets
erupted with undead killers. In a few hours, everyone Anais
had known was either dead, missing, captured or paid off.
The cops seemed to have disappeared into the night, and
every club that Anais had been welcomed at before closed its
doors to her. The Lady's home was burned, her circle
scattered. I personally saw what was left of two of her closest
friends, and | still have nightmares about it — ME!

Backed into a corner, Anais whipped out some truly
hellacious magick. Fire roared down from the sky, winds
screamed through the alleys, vampires burst into flame or
found themselves carried high into the air and dropped.
Then everything got very quiet, and a little old man in a
wrinkled suit came out of the smoke. "You're a very naughty
girl," he chided, wagging his finger at her. "Do you plan to
continue being such a nuisance?" Lady Anais responded
with a blast of profanity so severe that even the vampires
were impressed. The little old man simply shook his head
and snapped his fingers. Lady Anais, the vampires, and the
little old man all disappeared, and no one has ever seen any
of them since.

Wipe that smile off your face, kid! I'm not telling fairy
tales — I was there myself. I saw this go down, and let me tell
you, nothing has ever scared me so much, before or since!
Lady Anais spit in the face of the forces of the universe, and
no one — not even our kind, hell especially not our kind! —
can do that without getting burned sooner or later.

Master or no, you never truly own the world. The best
you can do is make a pact with it, lease a little bit of it out
when you need it, and pay your karmic debts when they
come due. It may sound New Agey, but it's true. The world
keeps track of everything you do — "for good or ill," as the
saying goes — and occasionally sends a landlord to collect
on late rent.

A true master never lets her account get overdrawn, and
she hides her transactions well.

Keeping a Low Profile

Asageneral rule, avoid showing people what you can do.
Even if you secretly achieve an almost mythic level of power,
I tell you: Do not show off! The greatest masters are the most
secret ones. The world has ways of picking off pretenders.

As I said, there are spirits out there — call them
demons, angels, spirit-guides, nightmares, whatever you
want — that watch us. The special insight that we share into
the workings of the world attract these things to us like
mosquitoes at a picnic. The more honey you eat out in the
open, the more you get bitten. If you want to avoid these
pests — and you do, trust me! — keep the sweet stuff under
wraps until it's time to feast. Even then, eat it in the shade.
Use your Arts carefully, and watch the skies when you do.

30 The Orphans Survival Guide

The best way to utilize the powers you possess is to cloak
them in "accidents" — little twists of fate that look perfectly
normal to anyone who might happen to be watching. A
good teacher can give you plenty of coaching with the
particulars, but I want to tell you to watch your steps. There
is a time and a place for showy stuff, but the place is usually
your own basement, and the time is usually about two
seconds before you get your ass kicked. Until then, keep it
simple, secret and silent.

We are all creatures of fashion. Nobody could accuse
me of blending in with the landscape! Still, it's a good idea
to fade into the shadows. Fortunately for those of us who
favor black to begin with, that's not difficult. In the night,
it's easy to disguise a spell or to duck into the darkness.
When you hang out, as we do, with people who accept the
so-called "supernatural" as a given, you can use magick
more easily than a mundane could. When those around
you favor bright lights, loud music, occult symbols and
hallucinogens, it's a simple thing to pass your activities off
as tricks of the light or mind, or as the work of hidden
powers (which, of course, they are — it's just that the
hidden power is you). Really, when you think of it, our kind
hide in plain sight, clustered among the nightclubbers and
outcasts that mundanes have learned to ignore. Consider-
ing that most of us were marginalized to begin with, it's not
that big a step at all, and we don't have to surrender the
things we love, as some other mages do. Hidden as we are,
our numbers and our mystick skills grow. The so-called
"ascension warriors" may never know what hit them when
and if we ever decide to strike back from the night.

But I'm talking like a radical, and that's the last thing in
the world you need now. You're just setting out on a long,
confusing and often deadly Path. Don't worry about mastery
or revenge or anything else for the time being. Trying to
strike out like some badass in a Vertigo comic at this point
is worse than suicide... it's damnation.

Quiet Wisdom

You don't have to go meditate on some mountain to
achieve enlightenment. You don't have to study for life-
times to master the magickal Arts, and you sure as fuck
don't have to join some dead-dull fraternity of all-know-
ing psychopomps to be like them... or better. What you do
need to do is this: Know yourself, learn, and survive.

As I said, that last part is the hard part. Death wears
some of the prettiest masks in the night, and slavery looks
even more appealing when you're desperate, young and
horny. Some of the pits will look like gardens to you, while
others will be as obvious as a splash of lace on black velvet.

Whatever you do, be true to yourself. There are too
many chains, slavers and slaves out there. When you have
aclear vision of your Path and talents — which will become
obvious to you as you learn about the Arts, and experience
your new lives — you can avoid the traps a little easier. If


you allow someone else to dictate that road— whether that
"someone else" claims to be a master of magick, an enlight-
ened being, a spirit guide or just a good lay — you surrender
your freedom and open your own cage. Hell, youshould take
what I say with a bit of salt. Everyone has their agendas, and
I'll be the first to admit that I have mine. Ultimately, you
have to make your own decisions.

Freedom — true freedom — is scary as hell. We'd
rather have cliques, castes, governments and gods to tell
us what to do than to seize our own destinies and take the
consequences of those choices on our own shoulders!
Society at large is fucked because people want to run away
from their reflections and drown out the sound of Cre-
ation with their TVs, video games and gospels. Our kind
ais not immune to this — not hardly! — but we do see the
options in front of us a little clearer.

One of those options is self-destruction. Too often, a
young Darkling is drawn and quartered by smooth-talking
enemies who know enough of our ways to be convincing
tempters. There's almost nothing worse than to watch
someone you love lose himself to soul-destroying corrup-
tion, merely because his betrayer knew how to wear a
charming face and speak in a stylish manner. The true
wisdom of mastery is the ability to recognize evil (real evil,
not that Marilyn Manson bullshit), even if it clothes itself
in your epitome of beauty. What doI, a gothic princess with

attitude to spare, mean by "real evil?" Simple: self-destruc-
tion, the inner adversary; hopelessness; slavery, and worst
of all, apathy. No Hell could be worse than the ones we
make for ourselves from boredom, stupidity and disbelief.

Some Darklings consider me a "master"... "wise," as
you said. Perhaps all that means is that I've seen and done
enough to be clear about my own choices. I know exactly
what I can do, and I recognize my limits. Although those
limits keep expanding the less I accept them. I looked at
the groups, and our structure of power, such as it is. There
is a great deal that can be accomplished within those
circles, but I prefer to remain on the outside of any single
clique, offering instead to assist those who need or deserve
it. I don't want to see a single one of us destroyed by some
misled Hollow Child's quest for personal power at the
expense of her chosen family. I've seen too many souls die
in that way to consider it a cool way to go.

You've heard my stories of others who have come and
gone, or who have lost themselves along the way. You
wonder why I do this — take the time from my personal
pleasure to offer advice to lost newcomers? It's because
I've been there, too. How did I suffer along the way? I had
to watch while my friends died, or were killed. I'll do my
best to prevent that from happening to anyone else. That's
my choice. That's my agenda.

And yours? You'll have to go and find out, won't you?

Errant: The Oncertain Journey

I did the things I did to find the edge. Any
thought you act on pushes you further out.
— Sandra, Kissed

By Swarna Jayani, with Memories to

Swarna Jayani here. Back from the dead, so
to speak. Like the proverbial phoenix from the
ashes, I have risen anew, stronger and wiser than
before. I've been "wandering in the wilderness"
for the past five years trying to figure out where it all went sour,
to pinpoint the exact moment when my life collapsed out from
under me. I've heard whispers of legend, glamour and power in
the darkened corners of clubs, cafés and java joints. Tied up in
those whispers, I've heard my name and the names of many
others lost to gunfire and history. I suppose there are some of
you who bought this rag just because you heard that I'd be in it
giving you words from on high, or manna from heaven or some
bullshit like that. Maybe you're right. I've got to say that in my
wanderings, I've come to some pretty amazing discoveries
about life and this thing we call magick. So if anyone is in a
position to speak from the clouds, I suppose it's me.

The Traditions and their allies, whom I left behind at
an early stage of my journey and whom [ still avoid, brand
me an "Errant" — one who forsakes the cause, and thus

becomes a liability. To them, I'm one step up from a
common enemy. I'm afraid that for a while, when I ran with
a gang of magickal jet-setters called the Associates, I lived
up to all their worst expectations. We lived the high life,
looting our way across the world until our deeds caught up
with us. Some of you might be tempted to do the same. Read
what I have to say, then decide if it's worth it to you.
Although my background as a renunciate still paints a
big target on my back, it does grant me two large bonuses: a
head start in the magickal foot race, and a bit of inside
information. Why did I leave? Because I could not get what
I needed from my original mentors, and because in the end,
my independence was the only thing that saved me... even
though it dragged me through the Underworld, too.

Let me explain...

Cradle of aDead Woman

Vannoy wanted me to talk about belief, so I'll start by
saying that nothing exists without belief, not you, not magick,
nothing. It's that simple, yet so complex in its simplicity that
most people, Awakened or otherwise, take a lifetime to figure
it out. Even then, it doesn't stop there. Belief is progressive. It
movesas life moves, as the soul changes. As you believe, so the
course of your life is charted.

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 31

\ OY,


The experience of Awakening is usually the first thing that
challenges any beliefs you might have thought you had. If you'd
have asked me what I believed in before that point, I couldn't
have givena definitive answer. As it turned out, I would be asked
tobelieve in much more than wanted tobefore it wasall over...

I was 19, and had just returned to Oxford after holiday
reci I was walking home from a night out with friends
when abruptly my life started to play out in slow motion. The
men came for me. The glint of light off of their knives was
almost blinding as | froze in terror on the empty street. I threw
down my purse and my jewelry, but they kept coming, their
dark boots crunching in the new snow. Pain blossomed in my
stomach first, then in my arm, as the world became a spiral of
dark men and snow and blood. | couldn't cry out. I was
drowning. What seemed like five hours passed in the space of

five snowflakes, then there was pain again and strong arms
around me. After that, there was just a voice, a man's voice.
I could hear it clearly even as the last of the light faded and
I felt myself drifting off into darkness. It was deep and
soothing, like being wrapped in a thick, soft blanket. All
other sound had stopped. "Let go," he said.

I was dying. I feared death. When I died, Kali the
Destroyer would come with her body of pitch; her wild,
white eyes; and sharp teeth, and her red tongue, the color
of blood. She was mighty and terrible, and I would never
escape her many arms. | finally let go because I thought I
heard him say something else: "I'll catch you." I surrendered
myself to him and to the dark. I imagined the sensation was
like the one a suicide would get after jumping from a great
height — no need to tense your muscles because you don't
care about hitting the ground.

I floated in thatspirit realm, experiencingmore things than
I can eloquently put into words. What it came down to in the
end was this: I rode the Wheel of Life and Death, and I survived.

I woke up on the street, oblivious to the cold feeling of the
snow and the pool of my own blood in which I lay. It was like
waking up to sunlight after a lifetime of nothing but dark and
turbulent skies. The voice back telling me to stay calm
and still. "My name is Winter," he said. "I'm here to help you."

Winter — the season, the man. Both have played such
integral parts in all of the major events of my life. You see,
Winter didn't just save my life; he changed it. To me, at that
moment, he had hung the moon and the stars, and made
them shine brighter. In the space of an hour, I had gone
from being Swarna Jayani, boring history major from Ox-
ford, to Swarna, The Invincible; Swarna, The Indestructible.

I truly believed I could do anything, and that's the first
thing that got me into trouble.

Reality is heady stuff. Its powers of intoxication are
vastly underrated by the masses, and sometimes by unwary
mages, too. I can't tell you how many kids I've seen crash
and burn scarcely months after their Awakening. Nine
times out of 10, it's because they're high on their newfound
strength and the misguided belief that they're the masters


of the universe. So they run off and do things even certifi-
able lunatics wouldn't do. I figure I would be remiss if I
didn't help some of you newcomers out here survive your
first year, and maybe even your first 10 years.

Here, based on my experiences, is what I've learned
about faith and magick.

Lesson I:
Magick Does Not
Render You Invincible

Rather, you're more at risk because of your newfound
talents. Unfortunately, you also become your own worst
enemy, so you've got to fight nature and control yourself.
Magick is an interesting drug. The more of it you have, the
more you want to use, but the more you use, the more you
shine like a beacon to those things out there that lie in wait
to suck you in and swallow you whole.

The key to surviving the habit and avoiding the traps is
finding focus, discovering a purpose for your life, your energies,
and your beliefs. I won't lie to you. It's not easy. A lot of people
had to die before I got my first clue, and then it took my own
brush with death and five years wandering the world for me to
finally wise up. I just hope that by saying all this, I can keep
some of you from making the same mistakes I did.

Lesson Il:
Choose Your Teachers Wisely

Looking back, I can say that my life probably would
have been easier if Winter hadn't introduced me to the
Chakravanti, but it was a logical choice for him. He'd been
brought up in the Tradition, and the nature of my Awaken-
ing experience made it the obvious next step.

Many things can be said about the Euthanatos, few of
them good. On the surface, they seem to be the hit men of the
magickal world, indiscriminate killers with little respect for
the lives they take. But beneath that stereotype lurks a preci-
sion, a purpose, and an extreme respect for all life that leads
them to deliver what they call the Good Death to those who
would disrupt its balance. Of the Nine Traditions, these
reincarnationalists are one of the oldest, and their rituals,
lessons and lore go back almost to the dawn of time. They are
an extremely mystical group and they guard their secrets
fiercely. To be quite honest, though, I really wasn't all that
impressed with them, not enough to stay, anyway. So why did
I? Because it was a Thanatoic master who gave me the answer
to a question that had been eating at me since childhood.

My parents were murdered when I was seven. I stood on
the stair landing and watched as their blood seeped into the
cracks of the parquet floor. The investigation afterward was
cursory at best, and the official report ended up listing the
incident as a double suicide. I knew it was a lie. I had watched
the men come through the front door, shooting my father and
mother down like dogs. Still, the report stood. They never

found the perpetrators. In all that time, no one ever bothered
toexplain this to me, totell me why justice wasn't being served.
Up until the point I met the London sect of the Chakravanti,
injustice and mystery were simply facts of my life. Well, Winter
and his mentor explained it, all of it. They told me the who,
what, why and how of it. There were names I didn't recognize
and some I did. They spoke of Ascension and of war, of puppet
masters and an Order of Reason, most of which I didn't
understand. But I did understand the feeling of bile rising in my
throat, that sickening heaviness of the stomach that comes
with the hardening of one's heart. And the anger and rage I felt
with the surfacing of all of this knowledge fueled me in my
training as a magician and a member of the Tradition. It was
a focus, but it was the wrong focus. Revenge always is. In four
years, I never let go of my need to find and kill my parents'
murderers and the people who had let them go free. That
inability to release clouded my judgment and led me to actions
that I will regret for the rest of my days.

Don't let my tale of gloom and doom scare you away
from seeking out a teacher. Winter and I never knew that we
could teach ourselves. If we had known, we never would have
taken the route we did. That's not to say that the Traditions
are asure path toruin. Just be aware that if you're approached
by a Tradition mage, his agenda may be a hidden one, and
one far from anything you had in mind. There is a grand
political game being played amongst many of the Awak-
ened. The self-Awakened, or "orphans" as they like to call
them, enjoy a certain amnesty where this is concerned.
Appreciate your position of relative ignorance. The slight-
est knowledge of their grand workings can pull you into the
fray whether you want to be there or not.

Lesson Ill:
Be Aware of the Sleepers

I never should have married Colin Masterson. It's that
simple. My life with the Associates had already started its
downward spiral, and I could see the hard future looming in
the distance. I never should have brought a Sleeper into
that, but I did it because Colin was safe. He was a constant
reminder of everything I had been before my Awakening, a
steady stream of normalcy in my increasingly bizarre world.
I didn't want the responsibility that went along with Awak-
ening. I wasn't ready for it. But instead of facing the
inevitable, I married him as a means of escape, thinking
that, somehow, he could save me from my own disaster.

There were other problems as well, magick notwith-
standing. I was in love with Winter. I think that all students
atsome point harbor a certain admiration for their teachers,
but my admiration for Winter went far beyond a simple
"classroom crush." The man had saved my life, shared his
knowledge with me. I knew his secrets, his fears. He was my
life and I loved him.

Colin lived in ignorant bliss for three years before |
dropped the bomb on him and told him the whole ugly truth

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 33


m< 7 |I

WAN

about my life and Winter. I couldn't live with the lies.
Unfortunately, he couldn't either. He left me, and hon-
estly, I can't say I blame him. In the end, however, it wasn't
enough. All the deception and denial in my life grew strong
enough to reach forth and entangle Colin in the mess that
was the Associates. My lies were what killed him, andI have
to live with that every day.

My grandmother used to tell me stories about powerful
djinis who loved humans and gleaned great pleasure in
making sport with us. Unfortunately, the humans were
always injured by the djinis who knew not their own
strength. Sometimes we're that way with the mundanes in
our lives. We hurt them, not out of malice, but because we
don't understand that the strength of our capacity for love
or fun can kill. Sleepers are fragile. Treat them with the
utmost care and reverence.

Lesson IV:
The Night Has 10,000 Teeth

The Art is not your safety net, although it seems like it
should be a good one. If you engage in destructive behavior,
don't expect magick to bail you out of it. There are people
out there who have the power to render you magickally
inept by the push of a button. Also, don't forget, you
constantly have to keep an eye out for the mundanes. One
or two people who cannot and will not accept what you do,
and you're out of luck.

We in the Associates took our fight to some pretty
powerful people. Unfortunately, we had the misfortune of
becoming enough of a nuisance to attract the attention of
the Order of Reason, or the Technocracy as they're more
commonly known. To simplify to an extreme, the Tech-
nocracy exists to eradicate anything that challenges its
concept of reality. To this conspiracy of shadows, magick,
the supernatural and the unknown are threats that must be
studied and either neutralized or destroyed.

The Technocracy has three ways of dealing with mages
who get "out of hand." Minor nuisances, like kids who poke
around where they shouldn't or hack into the wrong computer
files, are subjected to a wipe. Imagine waking up one day and
finding that your driver's license has been revoked, your credit
cards have been canceled, and your bank account is gone.
That's what I mean by a wipe. These people have the power to
completely delete you without laying a finger on you. Think it
can't happen to you? Take a trip down to the Majestic and talk
to the Mad Poet. He'll tell you how easy it is. In the case of
mages who prove to be a pain in the arse but who show superior
talent, the Technocrats will try conversion and mental re-
programming tactics. Their reasoning is that talent like that
can be bent and used for their own purposes. Snake, our
computer liaison, had this happen to him once, but managed
to weasel his way out of it. In cases where re-programming
won't work, they either kill you or send you off to MECHA, a
dismal, hell-hole of a work camp that makes hard time at

34 The Orphans Survival Guide

Alcatraz look like a deluxe vacation at Club Med. This was
what they had in mind for Winter and myself. As it happened,
we had to use more conventional means to get them off our
backs, but we did so at the risk of pissing off the wrong people.
That would come back to haunt us later.

Fortunately, you will probably never have a run-in
with the Technocracy, at least not to the extent that I did.
It's very rare for the Technocracy to come beating down
your door just because you're Awakened. You have to do
something to really irritate them in order for them to take
notice of you. So the advice here is: Let sleeping dogs lie.

I mentioned this earlier, but it now seems like a good
time to bring it up again. The Technocracy may be rela-
tively easy to explain and avoid, but there are things out
there that you cannot even begin to understand, things that
will eat you alive and make you suffer while they do it. All
the stories are true. Vampires do exist, and werewolves, and
bogeymen — especially the bogeymen. But the vampires
don't look like Bela Lugosi. They're just as glamorous and
subtle as we, and several times more deadly. It might seem
cool to be a vampire-mage, but let me tell you: Go down
that road, and you'll lose everything. They can only take
your gift from you and leave you either dead or undead.
Either way, it's not a fair trade.

Werewolves don't just come out on the full moon.
They're out there 24/7, 365 days a year. They have day jobs,
active roles in society — I mean, please! They're not going
to walk down the street in the form of giant wolves all the
time, now are they? More often than not, you'll never run
into one. They keep to themselves mostly, and with reason,
but it's helpful to know that they're out there just the same.

The bogeymen, or "Nephandi" as some call them, are
the subtlest of them all. These are the ones who will actively
seek you out when the others merely wish to be left alone.
They won't be spooky; they won't be frightening or horrific
—notat first anyway. Instead, they'll lure you down into the
depths with a smile and a song, like the Pied Piper did with
the children of Hamlin. If you don't listen to anything else
I say, listen to this: Be always on your guard and stay away
from them.

You may fool yourself into believing that you're the
biggest badass on the block. "Hey, look guys! Look! I can
turn a werewolf to silver!" That may be possible, if inadvis-
able; the upper reaches of the Arts are pretty damned
powerful. But no matter how bad you think you might be,
there's always someone — usually a whole gang of someones
working together— who can nail your soul to the wall. Sure,
you might be able to turn that one werewolf into a howling
pile of bloody silver, but what about his friends... the ones
in front of you, the ones behind you, and the ones off to the
side in the shadows. No matter how powerful you might get,
you'll neversee them all coming. I can assure you, the 10,000
teeth of the night rarely bite as obviously (or as cleanly) as
you might expect.


Lesson V:
Necessity is
an Excellent Teacher.

I'm sure you've had at least one moment in your life
when you've gotten so deeply into trouble that nobody, not
your parents, not your friends, could bail you out. And so
you do what you can to get your own arse out of the flames.
The Associates had bitten off more than we could chew and
we were suffering the rather nasty consequences.

After many struggles, car chases and shooting wars, Win-
terhad been captured and was being taken to MECHA. I went
to the only people I could think of: the London Euthanatos.
After they emphatically refused to help me, mocking me for
my intense stupidity, I severed all ties with them, deciding to
blunder my way out of the situation myself.

Thad five days. In those five days, I learned more about
magick and more about my ability to use magick than I had
in years of training with Winter. I discovered ways of doing
things that I'd never have considered possible were it not
for the incredible deadline I was up against. For example,
did you know that it's possible to enter the spirit realms
through mirrors? Lenora and I discovered that fact purely by
accident. Also, in a move to rival McGuyver, I created a
homing beacon using a piece of string and a drop of blood.
It was this serendipitous knowledge that prevented Winter
from living out the rest of his life in hell.

Some will tell you that magick is definitive, that you
can prescribe set ways in which it moves and works, but
that's a lie. Magick is a fluid substance, and it flows where
itneeds to flow. Sometimes think the self-Awakened have
the potential to be the greatest of all magi, because we set
no limits on what we learn and how we learn it. Look for
your mentors. Look at their strengths. Look at their faults
and learn from them, butalways remember that, sometimes,
you are ultimately your best teacher.

Lesson VI:
The Best Intentions
Can Breed the Worst Mistakes.

That's what the Associates were in the end —a terrible
mistake. You know the history, so 1 won't bore you with
rehashing all that. I will say that we all had the best of
intentions at the time. We wanted to take the fight to those
who would destroy us, and annihilate them first.

We spent the next few years indulging in bank robber-
ies, assassinations and murders. And we got filthy rich doing
it. Despite the severity of what we did, we lived such
glamorous lives, all of us. We threw legendary parties and
invited the jet set and fabulous from society circles every-
where. They had no inkling that we were an international
crime syndicate. They simply saw us as more of their own
kind — young, beautiful, and obscenely wealthy.

Hes. Sea,

This is by no means an encouragement to go out and do
what we did. People died. Sometimes innocent people died.
I've got that blood on my hands, and as Lady MacBeth
discovered, it almost never comes clean. If you do decide
that you and your club-hopping friends want to become the
next group of gangster mages, the best advice I can give you
is to think things through before you go out and tear
people's lives apart. That, and be prepared to face the
consequences of your actions — all of them.

Lesson VII:

Paradox is Not Mocked
(Or, What Goes Around Can Come Back to Kill You)

Remember back in school when you learned that little
phrase: For every action, there is an equal and opposite
reaction? Well, Paradox is what happens when you use
showy displays of magick that go out of their way to defy the
confines of belief, and the universe spanks you for it. Those
of you who have an affinity for manipulating the laws of
time are particularly susceptible to the backlash, as I learned
with Glenn Matthews on the day it all ended for us.

First of all, we had decided to disband several days before
we stepped foot into the Gencoe factory. Lenora Farucci and
Snake had already taken off for greener pastures. It was just
Winter, Glenn and myself. This was the last hurrah, the
closing chapter in the chronicle of the Associates. It was over.
Thad long since laid my parents' murderers to rest, along with
most of the others involved. The desire for revenge had grown
stale, and in its place there was a yearning for quiet, for the
peace ofanonymous normalcy. No more guns, no more bombs,
no more hidden agendas, politics and power plays. We'd had
enough. We just didn't believe in it anymore.

Normally, we targeted individuals or small groups. The
only large jobs we'd pulled off had been museum robberies
and bank heists. The Genco factory had been pointed out
to us as an ideal target. It was supposedly abandoned and
inoperational, but still filled with expensive equipment and
merchandise. The plan was to go in, set explosive charges
and then get lost. What we didn't count on wasa man by the
name of Eldridge Holloway, a Technocracy pawn we'd
managed to piss off several years before. When we got to the
supposedly deserted factory, he was waiting for us along
with several cybernetic assassins. That's when Paradox
decided to fuck Glenn.

Glenn was never much for magickal subtlety. His work
with Time magick was particularly reckless. He had a
favorite spell he liked to call "Freeze Frame," which essen-
tially stopped time fora specific object or magickal opponent
— in this case, a spray of oncoming bullets. He tried to use
it, and then he just froze like a statue as those bullets tore
into him. Exit my friend, dying.

I was at a loss. I was outnumbered, outgunned, and
using magick was a definite no. Screwing with Paradox

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 35


NO Ail

WN

while it's screwing with someone else is a surefire way to get
yourself screwed harder. I could only crouch in my hiding
place and watch my friend get riddled with gunfire.

After what seemed like an eternity, the gunfire stopped,
and our attackers just walked away. This should have
concerned me, but at the time I was far too concerned about
Glenn to care. | ran to my fallen friend, but it was too late.
The movies make death seem so beautiful and touching, but
I'll tell you what: Holding a dear friend in your arms while
he coughs up blood and gasps out the last breaths he will
ever take in this world is the most sickening, heart-wrench-
ing thing anyone could ever experience. Worst of all, it was
taking him a while to die. The bullets had torn him to bits,
but hadn't ruptured anything immediately vital. | wouldn't
wish his pain on my worst enemy. I gave him the Good
Death — released his soul to ride upon the great Wheel of
Life and Death. Better that than another five minutes of
suffering. It's funny. I'd given the Good Death to many
people, but this was the only time I felt it truly mattered.

Every once ina while, an event brands itself upon your
consciousness and its mark lingers through eternity, playing
itself out ad infinitum in the dark places behind your eyes.
Glenn, Winter and I had set our charges before the encoun-
ter with Eldridge and his chrome companions. In the fray
that ensued, our enemies had effectively managed to sepa-
rate us. By the time we regrouped and ran, we had little more
than five minutes to get clear of the factory before it blew.
I raced to the exit with Winter only a step behind, gunfire
tinging out anew behind us. Then I heard a thump, and
Winter fell to his knees, clutching his shoulder. I stumbled
toa stop, but he just screamed at me to keep going. So I did
as I was told. I ran as fast as I could. I stole a brief glance over
my shoulder after a second or two, but there was no sign of
him. Then I ran for all I was worth towards the door as |
heard the first of the charges explode. | hadn't run more
than 20 meters outside when the blast caught me and
slammed me hard into a concrete drainage ditch. After
that, there was nothing else but dark, cold and silence,
broken only by three distant words: "I'll catch you."

And so it goes. I woke up in a local hospital, checked
in asa Jane Doe. The force of impact with the concrete had
shattered my shoulder and fractured two ribs and my hip
bone. I lay unconscious for two weeks. When I woke up, I
learned that I had been the only survivor. I later asked the
doctor who had called emergency services from the scene of
the blast. "No one, " he said. It was just a coincidence that
the EMTs were driving past when the blast occurred. I know
from experience that there's no such thing as "coinci-
dence." I recovered slowly and, after some time, was released.
I've been wandering ever since.

So now you know what happened. I feel it is important
to share that with you, because that was the turning point
for me. It changed me. Winter was gone. Glenn was dead,
as was I to everyone else who knew me. For the first time

36 The Orphans Survival Guide

since my parents' murder, I was completely alone. I had
reached the bottom. I had lost everything. Climbing out of
the grave I dug for myself was the hardest thing I've ever had
to do in this lifetime. I seriously hope I never have to go
through that again.

Lesson VIII:
Faith Provides
When Power Fails

Jesus won't you touch me

Come in to my heart

Where the hell are you

When the fire starts?

— Christian Death, "Spiritual Cramp"

Here's another lesson I can give you: Seek faith. Some-
one once said that a man who believes in nothing will fall
for anything. It's true, especially for the Awakened. So if
you're falling off the proverbial mountain, faith is a good,
strong clump of grass to cling to. In fact, through religious
faith of some sort, you may be able to pull yourself up out of
the abyss. (Note the difference between faith, which is belief
in some other power, and religion, which defines that power,
usually through dogma and ritual. I'm talking about the
former, though it's often attached to the latter.)

It's far too easy in these cynical times to junk faith and
its rewards in favor of apathy, antipathy and atheism. While
it's an easy leap to condemn faith as hypocrisy, extremism
or whitebread bullshit, I can tell you from experience that
a lack of faith is far more devastating than religious ortho-
doxy... especially for a mage.

Choosing a single faith to cling to can be a sticky
wicket, but it's ultimately a learning experience. At least it
was for me...

Deus Gloria: The Sisters' Hymn

While I was in the hospital, I used the small amount of
talent I had in body magick to speed up the healing process.
If | hadn't, I would never have regained full mobility in my
arm and my leg. After I was released, however, I refused to
use magick in any way, shape or form, relying instead on the
honest work of my own two hands, and the steady rhythm
of my stride as I walked, hitchhiking across the country and
down into Mexico.

I was empty. I lost track of days and months, walking
steadily and alone, grieving violently for Winter. When I
came to the small convent just south of Mexico City, I felt
a sudden twinge for sisterhood and companionship. I must
have looked needy enough, because the sisters spent little
time in finding me food and a place to stay. | remember a
story the Christians tell about a stranger who comes to a
man's home in search of food and shelter. The man lavishes


all the comforts of his dwelling upon this stranger, treating
him like an honored guest. Eventually the stranger reveals
himself as an angel and rewards the man greatly for his
kindness. I like to think of myself as that angel, who came
hidden and downtrodden to the home of these kind women,
only to receive their best with no question or complaint.

I never considered myself a religious person, but in the
words of a Jewish carpenter touched by the universe, I found
something that nourished me for a time. Religion is a
wonderful anchor, especially for the mage. There are things
that we can see within the elements of faith that the average
person cannot. While some flavors are decidedly more
dogmatic and destructive than others, on the whole, Chris-
tianity works because its message is a simple one: love God
and love others, and that love will be rewarded. I learned
much during my time with the Sisters. The God they
worshipped was one of simplicity, mercy and love. They
soothed my heart and healed my physical wounds.

Eventually I left the convent, more at peace than I
had been, but still in need of some answer that would put
my troubled mind to rest. While the religion of that
carpenter could not satisfy my craving for meaning, his
words soothe and guide me to this day. Like the angel, I
rewarded the Sisters for their kindness. They will never
know the source of the great donation I made for them —
I made sure of that — but it washed a bit of the stain off
some badly bloodied money.

Cantos del Diablo: Voodoo in Rio

From Mexico, I got work aboard a boat headed to
Brazil. One of the most phenomenal sights in this world is
the statue of Christ the Redeemer that stands illuminated
ona mountain top above the bustling city of Rio de Janeiro.
The people there say that waking up to that statue makes
you feel like you've got a guardian and protector. And
believe you me, in Rio you need one.

It was close to Carnival, so I got work as a dancer.
Basically, they paid me to wear next to nothing and wiggle

my ass. I have to say it was the easiest money I've ever come

by honestly. One of the women I worked with was an
acolyte of a local Candomble priestess. Over time, she
introduced me toa shadow-image of the Redeemer: the Loa
— spirits who watch, guide and occasionally assist the
followers of the faith.

Candomble, one of the faiths that make up "voodoo," is
some fucking weird shit. It's dark, primal, and just plain erotic
sometimes. So what exactly is this thing called voodoo? From
what I've gathered, it's an amalgam of certain African tribal
customs and Catholic Christianity. Essentially, the practitio-
ners believe that through enacting certain rituals and by
employing certain objects, animals, and potions, it's possible to

conjure the Loa and make offerings to them in exchange for a
favor or two. The conjurer occasionally offers herself up to the
Loa as a vessel — a chevaux, or "horse" —for the spirit to ride.
Through wild dances, drugs, sex and other forms of physical

NK

IL SZ

NO Ail

\

E

abandon, the horses surrender their bodies to spirit possession.
The experience is said to be as intense as death itself, and often
opens up spiritual channels that can last for days or months
afterward. Lesser worshippers — that is, most of them — offer
simpler sacrifices of rum, sugar, tobacco or animals, or beseech
amore-experienced practitioner (amambo or conjure man) to
intercede with the Loa on their behalf.

This spirit-faith has a sinister reputation. Sometimes, it's
deserved. The Loa run hot and cold, and many of them are as
temperamental as the worst human beings. (It's said in some
circles that they were once humans, who were elevated through
some great understanding, or condemned by some great sin.)
Some Loa favor lighter aspects of existence —love, joy, wealth,
etc. — while others dedicate themselves to pain, war, fire and
death. Even the best of them, however, are capricious; there are
no "good" or "bad" Loa, just those who serve your purpose. If
that purpose is comfort, there are many favors to be had; if you
want to cause destruction, voodoo offers that option, too.

Voodoo's power comes partly from intense belief and partly
from fear. After all, if you don't believe that some evil is working
against you, then there's no need for you to visit your local priest
or priestess, now is there? Likewise, if there is no fear of evil
working against you, then nothing holds any power over you. This
balance of faith, power and fear drives the voodoo culture in many
American cities. Quite a few urban mages find the religion to be
a rewarding and fulfilling one. Think about it: When you're
essentially trapped and bound by the urban machine, a faith that
promotes the freedom of the spirit and the assumed power of the
gods can be the only thing that keeps you going.

There are dangers, though. Some people get caught up in
greed, or exploit the fear and ignorance that surround voodoo.
Malicious sorcerers — bokor — enslave, terrify and even kill
their enemies with aid from the Loa. People around them live
in fear of the zombi curse — of eternal slavery long past the
point of death. When you think about the cultures that gave
rise to voodoo faiths, this makes sense. To the slaves who were
dragged from their homes and put to work in the sugar cane
fields, slavery even after death must have seemed like the worst
fate imaginable.

Yet this eerie faith offers comfort for its devotees. In
addition to the help of spirits more powerful than oneself, a
voodoo follower gains material rewards, social respect, ex-
traordinary perception, and the certainty of something else
better beyond poverty, labor and boredom. While fearsome
displays of carnality and passion seem to epitomize voodoo to
the layman, the devotee knows a comfort that life without
such revels and spiritual guidance could never have.

I dealt with all sorts in Rio. Most of them kept quiet about
their faith, content to make what sacrifices they could against
a greater future need. There were others, however, who did
their best to seduce me into their wild rites. It was a darkness
that I was fortunately able to resist. When you've seen Death
from both sides, you cease to fear it. Besides, some people I met
didn't feel right. You know what I'm talking about: Those

38 The Orphans Survival Guide

people you meet who just give you the creeps from the moment
you make eye contact to the time they disappear. Not that they
act creepy — they're intriguing, sexy and intelligent. It's only
when you spend time with them that you realize there's
something horribly wrong with them.

Sound familiar, kids?

My earnings from Carnival got me to Portugal. As soon
as | had money in hand, I bought my ticket and left, eager
to free myself from Rio's powerful undercurrent.

Chansons de Nuit:
The Power of the Moon

Portugal was beautiful and uneventful, a welcome change
from my life's constant turbulence. I worked my way across
Spain, stopping for a short time in Madrid. That's where I met
Simon Christie. Those of you who wander in Pagan and
Wiccan circles should recognize that name; Simon, or Lord
Lucien as he likes to call himself, is not Awakened, but he
operates on a higher plane than most Sleepers do. He has seen
our reality, if only once or twice, and he understands.

Atthat time, he was on vacation, hiking across Europe to
explore the mysteries of the Goddess. Having no decided plan
or path, he asked if he could accompany me on my journey. I
wanted to say no, but my desire for companionship was too
strong. What can I say? We traveled together through Spain,
France and Italy, sharing stories, confessions, secrets, lore, and
eventually ourselves. Of all the people I've met since my fall,
Simon was the only one who never judged me, choosing
instead to share his faith with me as aid and lesson in one.

Wicca isa common outlet for many of us. Its principles
are so closely linked to what we are as Awakened beings
that it's an easy step to make. We already know that we can
cause things to happen through the application of will, so
our belief in magick is already there. Also, some of us are
already acutely aware of our connection to the universe and
everything in it, so that concept is also quite familiar. But
as with any who seek truth, what you get out of the Craft is
determined by what you put into it. The ethics, tenets and
laws ask much of the follower — more, sometimes than
many are willing to give. It is not a path for the weak. Belief
in the self, and more importantly in the power and respon-
sibility of the self, are the keystones of this philosophy.

Simon and I were in Greece when | told him my story.
We lay under the full moon on the slopes of Mount
Olympus counting the stars. "The first witch was Aradia,
daughter of Diana, the Moon," he said. "And it was Diana
who decreed that all of the wise should come together
beneath her light, and worship."

I looked up into that silver light and remembered that
the first time I'd ever truly seen the moon, I'd been lying in
my own blood in the snow with Winter. The memory was
the first one I'd allowed myself since leaving the States. It
shook me up, and I asked Simon, "Where did I go wrong?"


"The moment you used your gifts to harm others," he
replied. It was an honest response with no judgment be-
neath it. A simple statement of fact. I had to think about
that. I didn't start out that way, obviously, so when did it get
that bad? When had I come to the point where I didn't care
who got hurt, so long as I got what I wanted? Like I've said
before, I started out — Winter and I started out — with the
best of intentions. We wanted to save the world, not
condemn it to death.

Simon told me that before we can truly understand the
universe around us in all its contrasting beauty and cruelty,
we must first know ourselves truly and openly. We must
seek out and accept all that we are. We must find those dark
places within, discover our web of self-deception and the
spider within that spins it. Through meditation and ex-
treme self-scrutiny, we may confront them and bring them
forth into the light.

I was no stranger to "looking within"; it was one of the
first techniques Winter taught me after my Awakening.
However, | realized that I hadn't done that since I learned
of the circumstances surrounding my parents' death. As
Simon and I made our way into Turkey and through to the
Middle East, I spent time searching myself, looking for the
dark places of my soul. I found them, and staring into the
abyss unleashed a flood of sorrow that seemed as if it would
never end. Fora week, I lay ina hotel room in Beirut hoping
the earth would open up and swallow me whole. I couldn't
eat nor sleep, and I didn't feel much like talking.

The moment revealed itself to me in short order. The
first innocent person I ever killed was an FBI G-man by the
name of Harper Dale. I remember his name because it was
so square-sounding and ordinary. I even remember what he
looked like — tall, dark-haired, with a strong featured face
still showing the last lingering signs of adolescence. When
the bullet hit him, an invisible exclamation mark of surprise
hung above his head, like somehow he'd never really
believed in his own mortality. It was an accident. I was
aiming at a light fixture on the opposite wall. He stepped
into my line of fire before I could reposition my gun. A
moment's pause was all I gave. He was 23.

I told Simon about Harper Dale. I cried the whole time,
and he held me long past the end of my tears. "Riding the
wheel of Karma is never easy," he told me after hours of
silence. "It hurt you pretty badly, but you weren't crushed,
and for that you can be happy. Accept what you've done
and what's happened to you because of it. Learn from this.
You need not feel guilt or anguish any longer."

Killing a man is easy. Living with it afterward is a lot
harder. No matter who you are or how bad you think you
might be, each death you cause hangs a load on your soul.
Sooner or later, it comes back to crush you— before or after
your death. Don't make my mistake. Kill carefully, if at all,
and never take it lightly.

Lesson IX:
As Long as You're Alive,
You Can Make It

(But Once You're Dead, You're Pretty Much Fucked)

Simon traveled with me as far as Kathmandu before he
had to return home. I found lodging in the Indian countryside,
close to the Ganges, and that's where I stayed in self-imposed
exile for the next four years. I bathed in that great river every
day, cleansing myself of all the old blood, all the dark times. I
was a secret worker of miracles for the poor and outcast, even
though I was living with close to nothing myself. I spent four
years atoning, making things right, but it wasn't just that. I was
getting to the heart of myself — finding my roots.

The Hindu gods come together in a rich pageant that
marches across all of India in tapestry and in stone. Al-
though my belief is Wiccan in basis, the gods I identify with
are the Hindu deities of my childhood. The great god Shiva
and the goddess Shakti dance the world into creation, while
the gentle Krishna and Radha exemplify perfect love. The
deity I hold closest to my heart is smiling Ganesh, the
remover of obstacles. He has truly worked wonders for me.
I have learned, partly with Simon's aid, that all gods are
one. It's not important what we call them in the end, for
they are but masks worn by the universal mind, that all-
encompassing force that rules and connects the universe.

I think that's what brought me back to the land of the
living. I believe in my connection to the Universal and my
oneness with it and all there is. So I know that by seeking out
the young Awakened Ones and teaching them, I'm doing
good in the universe. Every kid I save from the Traditions or
the Technocracy or himself, saves some sort of grief in the
grand scheme of things. And in this, | am content.

So what now? Well, one of the first things I did when
I got back to this behemoth of a city was go to the theatre.
No matter what I do, I can't seem to stay away from a good
show. I had to wonder, while watching the barely adequate
actor on stage, whether things would have worked out for
Glenn had he lived. Above all things, even above magick,
he held an unparalleled love for the stage. The world is
darker without his light. I've seen the others — Lenora and
Snake — around town. I still haven't come up with the
courage to say hello. Besides, to them I'm dead. Maybe it's
best to let the dead stay buried.

But then again, maybe not. I still believe in Winter, the
season and the man, and in their power to constantly
challenge and change me. There are days | imagine that I
see him walking across a crowded street, leaving my favorite
diner, or turning a corner. My eye catches a shade of red, the
same as his hair, or I hear something like his laugh over the
noise of the city. And then my heart does that little dance
in my chest, only to dissipate a moment later. He's never
really there, but I hold out hope nonetheless. Some things,
you can never let go.

Chapter I: Voices in the Night 39



Chapter Il:

The

ae

N
ollow iil

Ones

If you want to know how
To fly high, then go now
To the place where all the concubines..
Meet and converse with them
Marvel at their pale skin
Rasputina, "Transylvanian Concubine"

Graveyards make me wet

I lost my virginity to a ghost when I was 12.
No human cock slipped through the buds, but
blood flowed just the same. Inside me, the
underworld swelled to bursting, cold, yet brac-
ing as a winter breeze. He delved so far inside I
swore I could taste him. No living skin could
reach so deep, nor leave such designs upon my
soul. Although I took many breathing lovers
after that, I still prefer the dead ones best

I still prefer to take my pleasures among the dead. Even
when I bag some young cock, I drag him (often willingly) into
my parlor of cold paramours. While he fumbles with my skin,

swarms of icy lovers spin like whirlpools through his body and
my own, Sometimes I close my eyes and revel in sensation
alone. Sometimes I lie with eyes wide open, watching the
parade of restless souls riding us both like helpless horses, too
mortal to resist, too enraptured to want to. Cascades of hot
blood and cold mortality wash through us like the Lethe, and we
forget the shallow pleasure we call "sex." For a time, all is
communion
T have favorite spots, of course: The granite slab marked
"S.B. Wilson" is just the right height for a wild ride; the angel
on the Marson tomb watches over us with solemn disapproval;
the mound at the far end of Hollyrood offers us a glimpse of
rolling hills; and the copse of trees in Ravenhurst shelters us on

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 4}


rainy nights. Even so, I take my pleasures in as many places as
Ican find. The ghosts know me wherever I go; I need only call,
and we all come.

When the shudders stop and the chill passes, my lovers lick
blood from my abraded knees and caress my back with spider's
fingers. The meat-boy may or may not offer such considerations,
but my ghostly partners always do. To them, I ama sacrifice, the
warmer of the dead. To me, they are the glimmers of soul-shard
and the lovers of eternity.

Inshort, I love fucking the dead. Meat-boys just come along
for the ride.

So Sayeth the Bitch Queen...

Of course the following is fiction, you fucking moron!
You think we'd just sit ina nightclub and babble our secrets
to wannabes? Seriously, though, our little guided tour of the
Darkling Path, courtesy of Sister Denise (a conceited little
bitch I love like life itself!), is worth looking at, if only to
dispel some of the ungodly bullshit we've been spattered
with over the years. Is it true? Does that matter? Hey, if it is,
you'll know soon enough. If it's not, same deal.

As always, this is an "invite-only" affair. Consider this
an invite to all the right people, and wrong directions to
those who really should be there in the first place. How will
you know? Trust me, you will. We'll make sure of that....

Midnight Mass

The mist in the cool night air glitters as you step through
the nightclub's heavy double doors. The doorman, an impres-
sively large, muscular man, fixes you with a flat, appraising
stare, but he allows you inside without incident. Likewise, the
woman who takes your money and stamps your hand looks
you over with an interest that exceeds idle curiosity. Her hair
is dyed a blue that matches her lemur-painted eyes, and her
smile is feral, with sharp little teeth. Surprisingly, her smile
feels almost friendly.

The club is a converted hotel, and its history sings
through every beam of wood, every ornate window dressing,
every brass railing once polished, now tarnished from neglect.
The lights flicker about you in dark rainbows as the music
throbs in your ears, rhythms of destiny and enchantment.
You recognize the song, "Body Electric" by the Sisters of
Mercy, a song long cherished in goth danceclubs. The famil-
iarity is soothing, but in a way it also makes you anticipate the
night's revelations more impatiently.

Just as you begin to question if you truly belong here, you
feel the whisper of a touch on your hand. You pull away and
turn in a fluid second, to stare into a pair of eyes that seem as
ancient as the night sky.

The woman's smile is amused, cool without being cold.
You're surprised to hear her deep, husky voice clearly above the
volume of the music: "Have a drink, lover, and come speak
with me."

42 The Orphans Survival Guide

You need no coaxing, as she is to you all things beautiful
and rare. Her skin is moon pale, luminous, her features exotic
in the manner of an Erte print. On first glance, her clothing is
the goth princess' uniform of black antiquaries. As you study
it, however, the blend of modern design and rich tapestry color
surprises you. She tosses back lush purple dreadlocks and
laughs, as if sensing the theme of your thoughts.

She slides gracefully into a secluded back booth, gestures
acommand for you to join her. Then she speaks: "Abandon
your notions of what you will find here. I will show you the
truth."

Reality splinters, cracks. Impressions swell then fade
away in a haze. To your subtle yet inhuman senses, the club
becomes a maelstrom, a whirling cloud of hot bodies, sweet
smoke and desperate passions. Before you, Denise — exotic,
unpredictable, a powerful Darkling Queen — flashes her
wicked smile and begins to draw you into her world:

"Cast your eyes around you. What do you see? At first
you'll notice random collections of night creatures, resplendent
in our lace and velvets, dancing to morbid tunes. Look beyond
that, and you'll see the joy hidden behind a scrim of sheerest
black. We are contradictions, embracing the world, disdaining
it, glorifying its harshest realities even as we reject them. Watch
the complex tapestries of our social games, our patterns of
romance and rejection. These are our masks, the roles we play
for our detractors, chameleons' disguises in a swirling pit. Your
vision, however, carries you past the garish illusion, and you
see the splendor that is truly ours!

"We are the ones who have chosen our own ways. Our
strength has been honed by the ugly realities of the world, by
acts of hatred and destruction, and so we treasure beauty even
more. Each and every one of us knows that only a hair's
breadth separates laughter from a scream, and you cannot
embrace one without acknowledging the other. The Dark
Children have a society all our own. Our loyalties are deeply
embedded in our souls, bonds formed on the battlegrounds that
are the streets, the nightclubs, the shadowed back alleys, and
all the other unlikely places that birthed us. It's a bond stronger
than blood, deeper than addiction, more beautiful and rare
than the madness in a zealot's eyes.

"You're a part of it now. The mysteries that poets weep for
throb through every pulse of your blood. Ultimately, the magick
within you is what led you to us; otherwise, you'd be just another
kid on the dance floor, feeling vague hints of the magick but never
truly touching it, never experiencing the volcanic force as it burns
your soul. And because you're one of us now, there are things I
can tell you, as well as things you should know. This night I'll
share with you our history, a few of our secrets, and some slivers
of knowledge that could help you survive."

Denise gestures with a pale hand; her silver rings catch the
rotating rays of light reflecting from the dance floor. With the
movement of her hands, the rest of the room, its noises and distrac-
tions, recedes into spectres. The tale of the Hollow Ones begins.


Denise Speaks of Things
Both Dark and Bright

So celebrate while you still can

‘Cause any second, it may end

And when it's all been said and done,

Better that you had some fun!

—Oingo Boingo, "No One Lives Forever"

One does not "choose" our way. It is
chosen by the spirit, by the soul, by every-
thing you have endured as you've tried to
hang on in the shitstorm. Those who come to
us are made Hollow, shaped by every fucking horrible thing
that has happened to them on the rock-strewn road to
awareness. Some are born with that indefinable something
that sets them apart, while others have been shattered by
tragedy or hollowed-out by bitter loss. Regardless of the
circumstances of their "births," those who find their way to
our welcoming hearth have suffered deeply, abused until
there's nothing left but a dark knowledge that the ability to
survive depends solely upon one's determination to do so.

The Dark Children have traveled this path for hundreds of
years, far longer than anyone truly knows. Always, we have been
like guests in a garden maze, lost without maps or guides, who
have found our own ways through. On occasion, this means
ripping out the walls with bloody nails orchainsaws until we find
the path we need... but we always find it! We stand apart from
other so-called "mysticks" who've been suckled on the warm tit
of comforting orthodoxies. Our milk is cold witch's brew. In a
tempest, we are a beacon in the night that says, "You're not
alone. Give me your hand, and I will not lead, but simply guide."
We are the family most of us have never had. Our bonds are
formed by the heartaches we have endured and the bruises our
bodies bear. Though we bicker and peck amongst ourselves, we
stand loyal to one another against anyone who demonstrates
extremely poor judgment by fucking with one of us.

We are the pack of starving wolves, the murder of crows
forsaken by other flocks. Our detractors call us "orphans," and
in away, they're correct. To them, we are motherless children,
adrift and unguided; but we understand the truth —that we are
our own children, freed of parental constraint. The world has
cast us aside. Now we gather and dance in its shadow.

The Tarentella
of Time (History)

We are, in many ways, the bastard children of Reason
and Mysticism. Both have been banging away like liber-
tines during the last 200 years, and we are, in many ways,
their offspring. Without Reason, we would simply be mad
savants, dancing toan aimless tune. Without Mysticism, we

would be poseurs, desperately trying to be rebellious with-
out the insight to truly pull it off. Magick, you see, is the
ultimate rebellion, and we are its best chance for the future.

Our magick is drawn from the world as we view it, bits
and pieces cast off that we've discovered and adapted to help
us. Old jewelry, toys, fables, even modern devices are the
tools of our Arts. Magick is magick because we consider it to
be so, not because some ancient magus made an arbitrary
decision in ages past. And don't doubt fora single minute that
our enchantments are any less powerful than theirs! A thrice-
blessed medallion anointed at midnight has no more inherent
juice than my CD player unless the magician behind it has
the will to back it up. Our enchantments are our own, unique
and improvisational. Reading spells from a book is lazy
magick. And if we get lazy, we die. Grand incentive, that!

Look deeply into the faces you see tonight. Observe
their movements, their expressions. If they seem beyond
time, beyond place, it is because we ourselves transcend
both time and place. The club, the setting, is new, but the
feelings have existed from the earliest days of humanity.
And our kind has existed from the earliest times of magick.
We knew that there was darkness beyond the fires, but that
darkness was the other side of light. We played in that
flickering place without fear. So, of course, we were shunned.

That separateness is part of what made us strong. We
survived on our own because we had to. Sometimes it made
us feral and harsh, but it also made us fiercely loyal to those
who earned our trust. There is a strength in being alone that
those who have always had a group's support will never know.

One of the strongest of our number is a gentleman of
whom you've doubtless heard. His name is Neville Sinclair,
and he is bound to the history of our current Craft. It was he
who gave our kind a name — "‘Hollow' ones" — and who
gave us, in many ways, our modern identity. Neville has, like
many of us, a very dry and sardonic wit. Lady Astria
Moonshade, an apparently well-meaning Verbena, once asked
Neville and his fellows, "Who are you?" In response, Neville
quoted T.S. Eliot: "We are the Hollow Men. We have always
been here." In saying this, Neville had unexpectedly given a
name to a concept that had existed for as long as magick. I
think it both frightened and impressed the Verbena, who
understood the significance of names, but at the time, it was
merely a smartass retort to an idiotic question. Retort or not,
it was true, and remains so to this day.

As any mystick knows, there is power in a name. To
name something is to give it shape, form, identity. At the
time, we had none of those things. Soon afterward, we
assumed them all.

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 2B

a

ID. WW,


NG.

lIZXN

Independence is a gift, one we cherish without ques-
tion. Time and circumstance, though, conspire to force
even the most independent to unite. Alone, we were
targets, or pawns for the wizards' endless wars. Together, we
could search for greater treasures than crumbs from the
magicians' high feast. It is our nature to want something
more. And we are, above all, creatures of nature.

The Romantic Rebellion

There was in him a vital scom of all:

As if the worst had fall'n which could befall,

He stood a stranger in this breathing world,

An erring spirit from another hurl'd...

— Lord Byron, Childe Harold's Lament

As Neville Sinclair said, we have always been. When
other magicians cosseted their Arts in hidden circles and
frightened folk slept closer to the fire, we went forth, naked
and alone, to embrace the night. Our roots twine among the
pagan trees and shaman's trails, but we have always set
ourselves apart. When the codes of men or the decrees of gods
sent others scurrying to the groves and chapels, we danced
with devils and tended our own fires. It has never been our
way to seek out rite or fellowship. What we did, we did alone.

Well, almost alone... In every age, a few of us would have
our secret gardens, our hidden meeting places. From dancing
in the bone gardens of Europe in the plague days, to dancing
to hot jazz in the 1920s, to the tattered elegance of our clubs
today, we have been drawn to secret places in society; to
mysterious chambers of art and artifice, where lusts and curi-
osity could be sated in an atmosphere of grace and challenge.

Others called our kind "satanics," and occasionally, we
were. Our forbears cast lots with God's dark reflection and
conjured the elements with the aid of his servants. We are the
children of Lilith, who was banished because she would not
submit, and the cousins of Lucifer, cast from heaven for his pride.
Yet even among the Bahari (the dark flowers of Lilith's garden)
and Luciferians (who follow the Fallen Angel's steps), our kind
stood apart, refusing to bow before cult leaders and orthodox
liturgies, even blasphemous ones. We would revel in the shadow
of Milton's Lucifer, but would not serve him.

DoI confuse you with my talk of the Christian gods and
pagan ones all at once? Good! It is against our natures to
accept one binding "truth" or faith over others. We gener-
ally draw our icons and gods from the pantheons of
imagination — sometimes Judeao-Christian, sometimes
pagan, sometimes wholly original. To many of us, all gods,
yet no gods, are true. As Whitman said, I contradict myself
because I contain multitudes. Maybe that should be, "be-
cause we contain multitudes...," multitudes who refuse to
follow any single path.

Even loners must have company, however, and we
found it in the wine-cups of Hellfire Clubs and the stanzas
of demented poets. Where once we cavorted in remote

44 The Orphans Survival Guide

Black Masses or howled away the silence of barren moors,
we soon sought solace in the company of other mad artists.
Some of our kind hailed from the so-called "disparate,"
medieval wizards who would not choose sides when a war
erupted between magickal factions. Because they would not
choose, many were considered targets for witch-hunters
and mystick assassins. As the fires of the Renaissance
burned away the secrets of the night, the careless among us
fell to racks and branding irons. But as Reason and Science
took hold, the people set aside their brands and stakes;
someone needed to ply the dark waters, though, and many
of our kind were happy to take that ride.

It isn't that the Hollow ethos condones evil for its own
sake — quite the opposite. We are neither the pawns of
devils, nor the enemies of virtue. We are simply curious,
pragmatic and rebellious — too curious to be timid, too
defiant for morality, and too pragmatic to wreck shit "just
because." Pure evil for evil's sake is stupid, my friend, and if our
kind prizes anything in this life, it is intelligence and grace.

In the rising culture of European aristocracy, we soon found
both. As learned noblewomen established salons and corrupt
noblemen built Hellfire Clubs, our forebears came in from the
shadows and stretched out like cats at the hearth. Soon enough,
asociety of loners became a society of peers. The drawing rooms
and galleries of the Romantic Rebellion became our first great
meeting ground. Our kind posed nude for Rodin and fucked
wildly with Baudelaire, drank absinthe with Keats and shared
free love with Mary and Percy Shelley. Lord George Byron
became our patron saint — an artist, an adventurer, a benefac-
torandademonallinone. Inhis halls, mysticks like LauraKelly,
Angelique Matisse, Virgil Matthews and Dr. John Polidori —
early members of our fellowship — melded ancient rites and
modern poetry, traversing "the labyrinth of sin" and coming out
with treasure on the other side. Was Byron a magician himself?
Does it matter? He certainly shared our vision and appreciation
of arts both magickal and mundane. In time, the bridge between
them disappeared. As the facade of Reason cracked to reveal the
occult spiders in the woodwork, the early Darklings scooped
their magick from the dust and worked it into Art. Writing,
sculpture, poetry, music, seduction. .. all became instruments in
a new yet ageless mystick craft.

Spirits, Steel and Mustard Gas

... bitterness there is, to the full. But there is also a wild
extravagance, a mad gaiety, a verve, a gusto, at times almost a
delirium. A continual oscillation between extremes, with bare
stretches that taste like brass and leave the full flavor of emptiness.

— Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer

No one attempted to truly draw us together until the
1920s. We were — and remain — far too fractious to be
united under one leader, philosophy or practice. Even so, a
combination of friendships, partnerships, sexual circles and
unfortunate circumstances spun a thick web between the
Darkling cliques. From England (the Silver Thorn, Golden


Dawn, Fellowship of Crotona and Fool's Society) and Scot- spiritualism, ritual magick and the ever-popular Black Masses
land (the Canticle of Mist) to New England (the Bessington distracted these disaffected souls. As people flaked away
Grove Ring and Order of the Second Dawn) to France (Le _ from their machines like rust, some of them floated to the
Pan d'Mystique) and Germany (Der Kalt and the Order of occult. A few Awakened and joined our kind; others fol-
Thule), a collection of occult societies numbered our kind _ lowed the warring factions or simply disappeared.

among their ranks. Yet despite the exalted company of Then the Great War fell upon us all.

mystics like Cagliostro, Crowley, Levi, Clutterbuck,
Pickingill, Mathers, even the anti-magician Houdini, the

Raised as you and I have been on Vietnam fables and
John Wayne's battlecry, it's easy to forget the impact of the
First World War. As one who has spoken to the ghosts of

From time to time, our forebears brushed up against the the conflict, | assure you that nothing, from the Crusades to
secret intrigues of the so-called "traditions," a council of | Gengis Khan's mountain of skulls, resembled the massacre
warrior-mages wrapped in a "battle for reality" with agroup that spilled forth when man and machine first cried "War!"
of Rosicrucians called the Order of Reason. When that Clouds of poison floated across blood-gorged trenches;
Order did a half-twist and became a "technocratic union" machine-guns tore bodies into rags; airplanes and high
in the mid-1800s, several of our kind were caught in the — explosives pounded the earth into smoking ruins, and the
crossfire. Black-clad assassins and mad scientists crossed men on that earth became gory bits of stuffing. We're used
swords with pagan shapechangers and Hermetic wizards. to this sort of thing now, but it was new not so long ago. A
Drawn to the conflict like moths, many Darklings were — clusterfuck of treaties and archaic strategies sent hundreds
burned. When the survivors limped back to their sitting- of thousands of young men marching into a meat grinder.
rooms and circles, they passed on an important credo to The resulting abattoir gutted proper Victorian ideals, and
their closest friends: Meddle not in the affairs of wizards! the world went up for grabs.

We meddled plenty with the mundanes, though. As A storm ripped through the Underworld, whipped up
I've said, we have always been drawn to darkness, some- _ by the hundreds of thousands of howling ghosts unleashed
times out of sorrow or anger, often just for the fuck of it. As by the Great War's carnage. Since many Darklings were

the Industrial Revolution smeared mortal souls into greas

Darklings refused allegiance to any sect or leader.

»  spiritualists, we felt their pain far worse than the "tradi-
the common folk dreamed sour phantasies of shadowy tions" and their rivals did. A few of us — like Gladys

figures, looming ghosts and keening spirits. Neo-paganism, Littleton, Abraham Balliston and George Cray — reached

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 45

4


across the occult webworks, establishing friendships to aid
the mourning ghosts. Several others did the same, but with
an eye toward opportunity. Lord Wade Anders and
"Countessa" Elyria d'Marque amassed great fortunes court-
ing and exploiting the dead. From these contacts, our
"society of loners" assumed a more-organized form.

Meanwhile, the huddled masses threw their morality
into a sea of blood. The polite social illusions so carefully
cherished by Queen Victoria and her admirers were irrevo-
cably destroyed by this "War to End All Wars." Nothing
remained but bitterness, insanity, and the spectres of battle-
fields, headstones and mustard gas. So many subcultures
were born, most of them drenched in rebellion and license!
The old ways were undeniably dead, so it became a matter
of what to do with the corpse. Some people chose to fuck it.
As Evelyn Waugh's Vile Bodies, Fitzgerald's Great Gatsby,
and Henry Miller's Tropic of Cancer display, the post-war
world was alive with revelry — dark revelry. And in that
darkness, we found our flower.

The Unseen Society

It is better to drink of deep griefs than to taste shallow

pleasures.

— William Hazlitt, Characteristics

One of the first to pluck that flower was a young woman
named Gladys Littleton. Gladys would have been a unique
woman in any age, but the 1920s were her era, and she reveled
in every aspect of the age. Vivacious and insightful, she dressed
in short, glittering frocks and draped furs, and was the toast of
tich society and the jazz clubs. But glamour was a prison, and
Gladys was far too talented to remain locked away in it. Her love
of life was tainted by the sorrows of the dead she sensed on her
periphery. Rather than drown them out with excess, she mas-
tered spiritualism and forged links between others like herself.
Traveling the world, she led grieving spirits back home and
conducted seances for the departed. Occasionally, she would
allow ghosts to ride her as she lived the high life, sharing the
sensations with those who missed them. Soon, she led a triple
life: the hot young socialite, the earnest occultist, and the sad but
determined ghost-mistress. As the strain of travel, spirit-ferrying
and overarching sorrow wore away at her gaiety, Gladys adopted
the trappings of a proto-goth night queen: silver jewelry, skull
motifs and yards of black cloth and skin. Even then, though, her
humor and charm carried her through the tunnel of night. She
proved witha wink anda laugh that style and substance need not
be contradictions in the world of magick!

Unfortunately, her unashamedly high profile and spiri-
tual crusade brought her into, shall we say, disfavor with
certain occultists, notably "Countessa" d'Marque. What
began as a war of words became a series of curses, assassina-
tions and demonic summonings. D'Marque even sent agents
of the "technocratic union" after her elusive rival, who soon
wound up with a death-price on her head.

46 The Orphans Survival Guide

Not that she was alone. Gladys' activities and charisma
gave her a seemingly endless source of allies, lovers and
personal friends. When black-garbed assassins or raging spirits
attacked, a small corps of admirers was usually there to protect
their friend. One of these, Gardner Morse, laid the greatest
cornerstone in our Darkling tower. A writer and mage from his
earliest days, Morse defined the best of us. His literary peers —
Fitzgerald, Hemingway, Faulkner and Gertrude Stein — ad-
mired his passion for learning and his bottomless capacity for
booze. Brilliant, creative, sacrilegious, darkly inspired, Morse
was supposedly Awakened from birth. He pioneered the
speculative fiction genre despite the derision of his literary
fellows, exploring concepts of otherworldly realms and alter-
native timelines. Gardner also became a source of wonder and
dismay for other wizards of the time, due in part to his radical
ideas, and in part to his uncompromising personality.

Gardner and Gladys transcended romance. They both
possessed questing minds, rebellious souls, and a complete
disgust for the status quo. Together, they hosted a gathering
of young, like-minded mysticks, and settled down to a very
long weekend of debate, drinking and debauchery. At the
end, Gardner announced the birth of the Unseen Society,
a loose gathering of Darklings and disenchanted "tradition"
mages. Their goal: to break the stranglehold of "traditions"
and "technocracies" and allow each mage — or Wintershiner,
as he dubbed us — to find his or her own Path.

This was not entirely to be a peaceful mission or a romp:
Independent sorcerers had a tendency, by this time, to be
picked off by rivals, corrupted by evil spirits, or immolated by
their own mistakes. Morse and Littleton wanted to change
that; by teaching some elementary magick skills and a bit of
discretion, the pair hoped to head off the worst of the casual-
ties, allowing others like them to come into their own. Not
everyone was thrilled by the idea. Although the gathering
centered around Gladys' circle of friends, some accused her of
building a wall of bodies between herself and her rivals. Since
several of her friends had already died protecting her, the
charges were not without merit. As for Morse, some dubbed
him "King Gardner" and left the party in a huff. Even so, many
guests stayed. The gathering became a nativity — the concep-
tion of the Hollow Ones.

The Unseen Society made its home in Hazelton Manor,
a large abandoned estate on the outskirts of London. The
place had long been considered haunted or cursed. The
rumors fascinated Gardner, who was compelled to purchase
the estate and add his own mystique to its history. The
fallen elegance of an abandoned manor appealed to his
young allies, who devoted their skills and energies to
reshaping the place into a home befitting their eclectic
tastes. Gardner and Gladys, along with 11 other Dark
Young Things, made a permanent home in Hazelton, cre-
ating a haven where ideas, magick and the outrageous were
not contradictions, but companions.


As befitting the home of an "unseen society," the
Darklings soon moved Hazelton to some new, undiscovered
location; or perhaps they cloaked it with enchantments so
powerful that not even the agents of the "technocratic
union" could find it. Every so often, the mansion still
presents itself to unwary travelers, or offers sanctuary to self-
Awakened sorcerers or innocents in need. Sometimes, the
place is simply there. Whenever anyone tries to seek it out,
however, no trace of Hazelton manor can be found.

From the halls of Hazelton, Gladys and Gardner spread
their vision of a fellowship of equals, a modern "druids'
grove" where Darklings could gather and exchange love or
secrets without surrendering to anyone's rulership. Al-
though the "authority" of the clique's founders ended
outside Hazelton's walls, their influence rippled through
each meeting of our kind. The Society's fame spread across
the sea, and many other small sects followed Morse's ex-
ample. When Neville Sinclair made his famous remark to
Lady Moonshade, our kind found a name. But with the
Unseen Society, we found a home.

Sadly, Gladys' candle has been extinguished, snuffed
out by "Countessa" d'Marque during the Second World
War, when their rivalry reached its climax. Her partners
built a shrine for her outside Hazelton's walls, and keep a
flame burning for her even now. It's been said that her many
lovers become ravens each night and search the spirit
worlds for her, without success. Despite his loss, Gardner
remains active in his own wild, unique manner, still tweak-
ing the mustaches of overly serious magicians.

Gardner's most recent project fits his skewed sense of
humor. He writes a comic-book series titled "The Unseen
Society," which not only features highly fictionalized tales
of his exploits, but which (he claims) is actually a giant
magickal working that will be complete upon the series'
conclusion at the millennium. Each issue is seeded with key
phrases and symbols that will supposedly encourage Awak-
ening amongst its readers. The comic's publishers do not
know this, of course; they merely consider Gardner, who
works under a pseudonym, to be just one of a handful of
eccentric but popular British writers under their banner.

Morse and Littleton are hardly the only influential parties
in the Hollow Ones' history: Abraham Balliston and George
Cray founded the Circle of the Dancing Spirit, a Boston group
that exists to this day; from the coffee houses and head shops
came the Deathbird's Cry, an occult group founded in the early
‘60s and dedicated to end-time prophecies; the ageless Bahari
cult, a sect devoted to Dark Mother Lilith and her lessons of
pain, provided a torture garden where many Darklings found
enlightenment and pleasure; in the 1950s, Lord Wade Anders
founded the Nocturnal Order of the Silver Chalice, a short-
lived group of English diabolists who provided the foundation
foradozen Hollow One sectsa decade later; and so it goes. Rays
of light and clouds of shadow move across the landscape. In
their shine or shade, the Darklings grow.

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 41

ce


But like Neville Sinclair, the Unseen Society presents
that pivotal moment —a moment when the scattered poten-
tial of a hundred thousand Darklings could be molded toward
a single, revolutionary purpose. Gardner and his group repre-
sent that moment after which all things are different. With his
lover, he brought us together, and helped form our first
"Chantry." No longer did we need to remain scattered, alone,
victims of our individuality. In the Unseen Society's vision, we
could all maintain our autonomy, and yet have others of
similar convictions to call upon if the need ever arose.

Graves for the Chosen Few

Man is the cruelest animal.... when he invented hell for
himself, behold, that was his very heaven.

— Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spake Zarathustra

In the last few decades, there have indeed been times
when our survival depended upon our numbers and some
degree of unison. World War Two came with a fearful
inevitability, mocking "the War to End All Wars." The first
conflict slaughtered soldiers by 10s of thousands; the sec-
ond slew civilians by 10s of millions. Mercy had fled,
humanity was at its most monstrous, and the death toll was
incalculable. Nothing before or since has rivaled the
shockwave of World War Two, and no event has done more
to rattle the balance of power among the Awakened Ones.

The war affected everyone, regardless of philosophy or
practice. The Oh-So-Enlightened "traditions" and "tech-
nocracy" split along nationalist lines, pitting pagan German
against pagan Brit and French wizard against Italian wizard.
Naturally, our emerging societies were swept up into the
conflict — it was not exactly a time when you could stand
on the sidelines smoking clove cigarettes, you know — and
many Darklings were ground between the wheels of war.

By all accounts, it was a horrific time, even by our
standards. Bombs shattered the cities. Soldiers massacred the
innocent. Camp ovens burned and refugees starved as every
ounce of effort and materials went to building new and better
ways to kill. In the ruins, human monsters and malignant
spirits picked off anyone luckless enough to be caught in the
shadows. The worst threat, though, came from the Infernal,
and from those who embraced it with their souls.

As I've already said, we have always danced with
demons and diced with devils. It's a part of who we are. But
the best of us always resisted kissing Satan's ass — indepen-
dence, not servitude, is our ideal. Some sorcerers, though,
revel in the power the darker spirits gave their slaves. For
the price of a few spells or a pile of gold, they literally sell
themselves to the Masters of the Pits. We Darklings may
taste infernal wine on occasion, but these folk drink it like
water and piss it all over everything they touch. Some call
them "nephandi" (the opposers of divine law), or
"infernalists" (the worshippers of all that is unclean). Where
we cultivate both light and darkness, they prefer to shun the
light... and to snuff it out. Drawn as we are to the dark side


of the magickal fields, many of us have fallen to these
"nephandi." During the War, which brought out all that is
worst in humanity, perversity lured many Hollowers in.
Soon the gates of hell slammed shut on them.

Dancing along the Abyss is pretty cool. Falling into it
is not, especially not if you drag your friends down with you.
Ifnothing else, that kind of shit isnot conducive to survival.
At the time, though, it must have seemed like evil held all
the Major Trumps. Therefore, many Darklings went along
for the ride. But as the devil-worshippers spread their cults
and cast their spells, the other warring factions turned on us
— on all of us. I guess it took threats like genocide and
technological holocaust to get the big babies to put aside
their 500-year-old war. Once they worked out their internal
problems, though, the wizards and mad scientists united
and kicked the living shit out of the infernalists. Guess who
got caught in the general ass-kicking? You got it: We did.

In their crusade to wipe out this corrupting force (or
whatever), they tore through the magickal underground and
started killing people! Lots of people! Our people! Did they
ask, "Why are you in black?" or "Excuse me, are you making
deals with demons?" No, they just killed and killed and
killed! Okay, a few of them had the presence of mind to ask,
to test, or to watch who was doing what. But the rest were just
fucking brutal killers! Real "enlightened" of them, that's all
I can say! By the time the war had ended, many Darklings
had joined the piles of bodies all over the world. Because we
were mostly loners, nobody noticed and fewer cared.

And so the example of the Unseen Society took root
and flowered. We had to look after our own, to guide the
orphans and teach the new kids and bury the ones who had
died, because nobody else fucking would. Finally, the other
groups started to take us seriously — which was both a good
thing and a bad thing.

Is Anybody in There?

Neither cast ye pearls before swine, lest they trample them
under foot, and turn again and rend you.

— Jesus of Nazareth, Matthew 7:6

As I said before, our kind was not exactly unknown to the
warring wizards. Some of the "traditions" even considered us
little brothers and sisters, kids who might someday grow up to be
just like them. I've already mentioned the pagan Verbena, who
make magick from the cycles of the elements and spirits. They
always looked on us with surprise and a bit of pity. Another
group, the Cultists of Ecstasy, has danced right alongside us for
centuries, sharing their loves and lovers while mixing a little
philosophy and debate into the absinthe. A collection of
shamans, called Dreamspeakers, understand the spirit world far
more than many of us do. Occasionally, we've met under
friendly circumstances. Then there are the Euthanatos, whose
name means "good death"; as you can imagine, we have a few
things in common. When the blood and spells started flying
during World War Two, these four sects made an effort to bring

us into their Council under the banner of the Unseen Society
—something about needing a ninth "tradition" to replace one
that had left a few years before the war.

It didn't work. For starters, we didn't want to belong to
their fucked-up little club. They wanted us to take a bunch of
oaths, set down a creed and start including or excluding people
based on some set of rules that they would give us. Fuck that!
Morse replied, and he took his friends and went home. The
other problems came from a posse of wizards and clerics who
talked and acted like D&D characters that had come to life. To
them, we were a bunch of children playing with forces we didn't
understand. To be respected, they said, we would have to play
the magickal game their way. Again, fuck that! Despite a few
other attempts on both sides (which I'll get to in a minute), we
have kept our distance from the "traditions" ever since.

On the other hand, the "technocracy" offered us noth-
ing but trouble. From the start, we were branded "reality
deviants," and hounded by stormtroopers. In the eyes of this
conspiracy of gangsters, technophiles, cyborgs and spies, we
Hollow Ones were just another collection of satanists and
dope fiends. To these anti-occult occultists, magick is a
dangerous myth and disobedience is punishable by assimi-
lation, slavery or death. In the wake of the two World Wars,
they stepped up their crusade against our kind; when they
found Darklings, they shipped them off for "reeducation,"
orsimply murdered them. In the name of their "New World
Order," nothing else is acceptable.

So we stayed underground, developed secret codes and
signals, and nurtured our own. Coffee houses, back alleys,
nightclubs and homeless shelters became like the courts of the
artists — gathering places for our wayward kind. In time,
Neville's offhand remark caught on. We became the Hollow
Ones, and assumed an identity we had never wanted before.

The Cultists call the 1960s "the Great Awakening." By
that time, we had emerged as a group, our eyes wide with
knowledge. While so many others reveled in the supposed
innocence of the time, the first Hollow Ones saw the blackness
swirling behind the garish colors. It's easy, I guess, being born
as you and I were long after the party ended, to see the ‘60s as
a rampage of smelly, stupid hippies. Talk to the ghosts and
survivors of that time, though, and you'll see that the "wild
hippie innocence" we hear so much shit about was just a mask
for a wild, Bacchan rage. Another war, Vietnam, lit the fuse,
and the explosion of drugs, sexuality, music and rebellion
shook the pillars of polite society. As the ‘60s became the ‘70s,
then the ‘80s, the subcultures where we breed became a new
mainstream. Punk, metal, gothic and industrial rock replaced
the peace hymns. Black leather, white lace, and red blood
became the colors of the new era. The old world, which the
"traditions" sought to preserve, has been revealed for what it is:
acooling corpse. While they try, even now, to resuscitate the
old fucker, we're dancing on its grave. And there are many
more of us than the other groups suspect.

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 49


aa aa

U
2

Ihave a theory that may account for the explosive growth
and coalition of our self-Awakened kind: Reality itself is stirring
in its sleep. With each burst of dream or nightmare, it sends out
ripples of Awakening among sensitive souls. Those ripples rouse
the inspiration that lies within every human being (and within
animals and objects as well), touching off new rounds of
"supernatural" activity. If you look at crisis points in human
history, you can see upswings of "paranormal" or "mystick"
events. Now consider the massive jolts Reality must have
suffered between the two World Wars, the Space and Informa-
tion Ages, mass communication and worldwide transportation.
No other age has seen the marvels and the horrors of the 20th
century. Is it any wonder Reality can't sleep anymore? And is it
any wonder that so many of our kind have Awakened lately?

Kinda makes you wonder what will happen next year,
doesn't it?

Blood and Black Leather

oh i miss the kiss of treachery the shameless kiss of vanity

— The Cure, "Disintegration"

Still, it's not smart to get cocky. There are enemies
everywhere, even within. Take Blessed House, for example:
In the mid-‘70s, a glam boy named Harold fronted an
influential band called The Blessed. In a heroin seizure, he
Awakened. Soon he cleaned up his act, bought some
warehouse space downtown, painted it black, and opened a
nameless but very exclusive club. He wasn't trying to
organize anyone, but like the cries of ravens, word got
around. Dark Children were drawn to his door, some by the
sepulchral beauty of his lyrics, others by asense of belonging
they'd never felt in any other place.

Eventually, Harold did attempt to make contact with
some other mages. He was totally blown off. The Hollow
Ones kept coming, though, as more kids Awakened on their
own, or on the streets. Eventually, the club became known
as the Blessed House, and became a magnet for the early
goth subculture that formed the backbone of our Craft.

Wherever you have people, you have cliques. Wherever
you have cliques, you have rivalries. Blessed House had its share
ofboth. Among the regulars, a golden-haired kid named Garbo
assembled a clique that rivaled Harold's own. Stylish, beautiful
and charismatic, Garbo soon split off from Blessed House to
found his own Chantry, a Crowleyesque gathering called
Ravenscream. Garbo made some alliances with two English
cliques — the Shuttleford Lane Circle and Club Menmoth —
which set off trouble between the British Hollowers and
Blessed House. The usual series of curses and intrigues ended
when all four Chantries were overrun. In a blitzkrieg of court
orders, license revocations, beatings and assassinations, nearly
two dozen Darklings were wiped off the magickal map.

Soon afterward, Harold cracked. Something snapped

inside him one night, and he went screaming through the
New York streets. Supposedly, he became some demented

50 The Orphans Survival Guide

chaos mage. | hear he's still marauding about, annihilating
those unlucky enough to run into him.

Or take Jeremy Case, an influential Darkling who tried
for nearly adecade to get the Council to recognize our Craft.
From the Waydown to Guilty Pleasures (an English fetish
club), he led fierce debates about the "Darkling's" future.
Time after time, he organized diplomatic missions to the
Council's hidden home realm; time after time, his missions
failed. Despite the friendship of several top wizards, Case
could not get the "traditions" to accept us.

Finally, he broke. Last year, some hotshit whacko calling
himself Heylel-Something-Or-Other led a charge on that
same hidden realm. Although most of us sat the whole thing
out, poor, bitter Jeremy Case joined the fight. With two dozen
Hollowers and a pack of other young mages, he attacked the
Council. Case and Company were slaughtered, as was the
Heylel dude who started the trouble in the first place. Since
then, we've been even less welcome at the "traditions" door.
Afterall his efforts to win respect for us, Jeremy Case fucked the
whole deal, making us more outcast than before.

And Now, Our Present State

Acceptance is surrender — vile and vicious slander

We don't want to be ruled — by a handful of fools

— KMEFDM, "Search & Destroy"

By the 1980s, the early gothic movement emerged from
the riots of punk, glam and metal. Harkening back to Byron's
revels and deSade's dungeons, this subculture seemed custom-
made for us. (By some accounts, we started it to begin with, but
one should never believe too many rumors!) Sensual, oc-
culted, glamorous yet wild, this gothic aesthetic suits our
approach to life and the Arts. The fact that it has endured, even
prospered, for almost 20 years testifies to its complete validity!

The growing goth scene and the birth of the "floating
club" did our sect a tremendous boon. The massacre of
Garbo's group did not go unnoticed by Neville Sinclair.
With some help from rich Hollowers like Morpheus D,
Neville launched the Waydown, the ultimate floating
house for lost young mages. The location changes regularly;
noone can find it unless they know who to ask, what to ask,
and how toask. Those who come looking, but don't belong,
get the wrong directions, if they get directions at all.

We have other places to call our own, too: the Unseen
Society's hidden manor house, the Blessed House's "abandoned"
tuins, the Sepulcher in Chicago, Gethsemone Garden in Scot-
land, Guilty Pleasures in London... any place where the dark and
beautiful congregate, we find a home. Each is so very different
from its "cousins," but each reflects a part of who we are. There are
many other sanctuaries there, smaller, hidden, for the lost ones
with the courage to search. And each has two faces: the tragic-
cool facade a tourist sees, and the hidden splendor of the truth
within — Dark Children gathered in a secret garden, sharing
confidences and dreams, making magick from nightmares.


As the other sects fight their endless wars, we watch
from hidden corners and try to stay alive. It doesn't matter
if they accept us or not. We are. We will not go away. We
are. If they want the respect from us that they seem to covet,
they must grant it to us in equal measure first. Thus far, they
have not — not as a Council, at least. Few do seem to
understand our ways, though; perhaps they have seen that
the future, if there is one, lies with us.

For the most part, we want nothing they can offer. Still,
the question remains: Do we join the "traditions" for
safety's sake, and conform to their rules and standards, to
ideals that are not our own? Or do we remain solitary, easy
targets, as our numbers grow?

For now, at least, I've got no answer for that question.
We simply are. Everything else is speculation. A survivor
lives day by day.

If You Wanna be inMy Gang

We are the Hollow Men, the Stuffed Men,
the folk of rags and tatters, the crows of the
battlefield and the beggars at the gate. We have
nothing that isn't lost, discarded or stolen... We
are the mourners who prepare the dead for burial
and the thieves who steal the coins from their eyes.
ij Yet not until they pay the ferryman, for we are

nothing without the dead and that which has passed
before. We are the Forgotten Tradition, pieced
together from the rags and tatters of every age. The beggars who
have come to town, in rags and tatters and velvet gowns.

— Neville Sinclair, from James Moore's Outcasts

Denise smiles with a hint of cruelty: "Now that you have
found us, my precious little newcomer, I suppose you intend to
stay, at least for a bit. But there are rules to be followed, and there
are tests — simple ones if you have style and brains. You will, as
they say on the streets, have to prove that youcan ‘stand up.' With
us, that involves an intricate weaving of wits and humor, knowl-
edge and panache.

"You can see the dual levels of the realities around us at this
very moment. That ability to see beyond the veil of mundane
reality is our first test. The second is your perception of those
alternatives: What you perceive within our realms are the flutter-
ing spectres of our dreams and nightmares — things lost and
wondrously found again. Are they fearful, fascinating, or a
thrilling combination of both?"

In Denise's smile, there is knowledge. As her expression
lingers in the smoky dimness, her features gradually shift from
focus and change, morphing like some video diva. Her face, now
adeath's head with dreadlocks, grins coldly: "Could you dance
with death?" she whispers with velvet smoothness.

In answer, you cup one hand over the other and produce, in
perfect simplicity, a single black rose. Matching her smile, you
present it to Denise. She reaches to touch it and the rose melts into
smoke. The fragrance of roses lingers in the air, and you take her
hand instead. Together you rise and join the dance. As you move
languidly to the beat of "Haunted," by Love and Rockets, Denise
speaks archly: "This means nothing. You merely passed a simple
test." She adds a wink. "But you passed it with style. That counts."

The song ends. Denise studies you carefully as you both slide
back into your seats. Amazingly, even with the crowds in the club,
no one has usurped your table. "This is my table," Denise replies.

"No one would dare snagit while I was dancing." Her voice contains
the absolute certainty of experience. "Now," she begins, "perhaps
you would like to learn a little more about what we do, and how...?"

Initiation: Weaving Lies
from Truth

There are many people here who will try to teach you,
and youcan learn from each of them. We all possess different
kinds of knowledge, and each of us has our own talents...
and our own tricks. Learn what you can from all, but
remember as well that not all of what you are told will be the
truth. That is the third test: weaving lies from the truth. An
old trick, and a crass one, but it's effective in its own way.
There are those who walk among us who have yet to discern
the difference. Much of our strength and safety lies in
misdirection, so cultivate the ability to both know the truth,
and to hide it when necessary. But remember as well that
there are shades of truth, just as there are shades of black.

You sought magick, and you found it. But can you use it?
Obviously you can weave charming illusions, and see through
some cast upon you. But can you save your own life? If you
are brought within our shadowed family, could you save the
lives of those who would do the same for you?

Wecast ourselves as frail nighttime blossoms, but we are
nails of steel. We do not fear death, but we would not toss
away our lives like ragged lace, torn and forgotten. We seem
to love death, but we cherish life, even if it's only our own
lives we prize.

You will learn that there are times that you must fight.
We're too angry to be wiped out, and we may be the only
ones who have a fucking idea of the truth of things. I do
suspect, however, that for many of us, that knowledge is
submerged beneath the enchantment of each night's new
wonders. Every once ina while, you have to fight to keep it.

Each small family among us is called a "circle" or
"clique" —we are, I confess, an exclusive lot. Once you have
proven yourself trustworthy, you'll be invited to find a
teacher among us, one who'll help you expand your talents
and perfect new abilities. Once you know what you're doing,
your only boundaries are those of imagination. Think what
you can do, and you probably can.

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 51

Tw ZN

I] "NS

NG? Ail

The Status Game

Youwill, in time, be drawn to certain people within our
Craft, either as friends, lovers, or both. If they accept you,
these people may become your family, the brothers and
sisters you no longer have. They will have tests, challenges
of their own devising, that you might have to pass to be
accepted among them, but you probably won't be aware of
these tests until you've passed them, or failed. Since we are,
in our way, creatures of fashion and whim, you're not always
judged by what you can do, but by how you do it... and,
perhaps, by how good you look while doing it.

In Los Angeles, there are two queens, Madelyne and Lady
Zee. Both approach fashion and the Art in very different ways,
but there are similarities between them nonetheless. Each one
expects an almost vulgar display of flash and flesh from her
chosen circle members... unless a potential companion is cute,
British and male — then all he has to do is smile pretty and say
hello. In the Unseen Society, by contrast, a Dark Child has to
show a devastatingly wicked wit to draw admiration. Tacky
magick is frowned upon there. In my own Chapel Perilous, we
value subtlety and excess equally, depending on the application.
Our city thrives on strangeness, and it seems that anything we do
contributes to the mythos of the city. Watch the examples set by
those around you, and use their deeds as guidelines for your own.

Among us, status is a matter of style, grace, wit and
charisma. We are, after all, the scions of artists and poets, and
we expect our best and brightest to live up to that legacy. It's
easy to becomeaslob when you're cast out of society. We make
it a challenge to rise above the common pariahs and assume
places of distinction. Although the Dark Children abhor
formal titles, we often style ourselves after the sitting-room
courts of our forebears: the wittiest and most glamorous of us
assume titles — king, queen, count, countessa, lord, lady,
what have you—and arbitrate fashions and disputes among
the clique. Other capable members become favored func-
tionaries — scribes, artists, diplomats, assassins, whatever

suits the leader's whims and the clique's circumstances —
while the remaining members strive for status as they will.
Naturally, the resulting gamesmanship leads to many
social intrigues and reversals of fortune, but such things
keep the blood fresh and flowing within our families. The
one unforgivable tactic is betrayal to outsiders. So long as
everyone remains loyal to the circle, any sort of edge —
from sexual favors to social insults to magickal influence
to outright challenges — is not only acceptable, but
commendable. I myself lead my clique, and let me say
that I am not a kind mistress!

Loyalty: Fire, Tears and Blood

As you may have noticed, we prize both rebel-
lion and conformity: A talent for graceful defiance is
a wonderful and valued trait, but we prefer to nur-
ture demimondes, not thugs. Ours is a strange and
beautiful weirdness, and we like to keep it that way.

=

Besides, as members of a noted and exclusive subculture, we
can screen potential threats and supplicants, or hide in
plain sight as occasion warrants. Thus, a few protocols are
essential, even among rebels.

As you move among our circles, you may note that you're
being watched. Some may ask you to join them, either for com-
pany, instruction or other games. Sometimes, they'll be testing you,
asking loaded questions or putting you into awkward situations to
see how you react. They'll test your loyalties, your knowledge, your
fashion-sense and etiquette, your attitude and passion and a
hundred other things. You may be invited to debate books or music,
or you may be drawn into heated "arguments" on magickal theory
in which everyone but you knows the right answers. You will
almost surely be invited on sexual adventures, to see how far you'll
go; or on reckless midnight missions, like shoplifting from Bryce
Grimm's Shoppe or pulling pranks on the local cops. In all things,
your deeds and answers will be weighed. Eventually, you'll either

be accepted or thrown to the wolves.

52 The Orphans Survival Guide

Sk he eS

~St

Such testing may seem cruel, perhaps, but we have
learned to guard against betrayal. Loyalty to our family must
be tested with fire, tears and blood. Anything less is suicide.

We value loyalty above all other things. The bonds
between each Hollow One here have been formed in battles for
survival. We are the lost, the out-caste, and we have nothing
and no one to trust but each other. To betray us is to wind up
truly alone, friendless, an anathema even among outsiders.

Punishments and Crimes

Do not doubt for a moment that word of a betrayal will
spread. We communicate in many ways. Some ways are
mundane, others astounding. Our gossip is on the Internet,
in fanzines, in songs, in the cry of a city crow well after
midnight. Many Dark Children travel from place to place
simply to pass on news of current events, sharing their own
experiences and those of others. Allinformation eventually
becomes useful, and we know that as well as anyone!

Likewise, never doubt that betrayal will be punished. A few
snipes among friends are to be expected, but wholesale treach-
ery, especially on behalf of the "technocracy" or other magickal
rivals, is unforgivable. Our survival depends almost entirely
upon trust. Sell out that trust, and there will be hell to pay!

We find punishment crafted to fit the offense — and the
betrayer's personal sense of hell — to be most efficient. What
retribution could be more appropriate than strangling poison-

LAA

ous spider in her own web? One Chicago pretty boy tried to
destroy a club with fire; he was burned from the inside out.
Another betrayed friends to his vampire lover; he was buried
alive with ahost ofhorny reanimated corpses. A girl who talked
too freely about secret affairshad her tongue andears magickally
silenced, and a technocratic infiltrator had her body chopped
and retrofitted with rusty machines. We do not tolerate turn-
coats, and find gruesome "rewards" a worthy deterrent.

Our rules are simple and straightforward:

© Do not steal from a member of your circle, or from
another member's companion.

© Donot dose your friends with drugs or other substances.

 Donotattempt to compel sex from a member ora member's
companion. We get enough of that shit from the outside!

© Donot attack or kill one of your own unless you can
prove you had a good reason to do so.

© And never, ever, inform on your clique, or set your
family up to take a fall.

Other things are simply not done. They're not crimes, as
such, but they're not going to make you very popular. We
do, after all, have standards — we are not the urchins that
outsiders perceive us to be!

First, retain your dignity. Look good, speak well, per-
form your Arts and activities with grace and flair, and avoid
vulgar displays of power. Even if you're enmeshed in a

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones

53

disagreement, maintain your wits and style. Battles are lost
witha lapse in temper, a loss of "cool." There are other ways
to deal with conflict.

Regardless of well-meaning tripe about direct confron-
tation, I've found that the best way to solve a problem is
with subtlety. Discover the reasons behind a person's ac-
tions, then turn those circumstances against him. Discover
that person's weaknesses and reveal it with style. Ifsomeone
has the poor judgment to confront you directly, blow her off
as if she's overreacting. You'll find that your life will run
more smoothly if you keep your own behavior above re-
proach while revealing the frailties of others.

We do not like to be drawn into unnecessary conflicts,
especially not with outsiders. Do not taunt the fur-and-
fangs crowd, or tempt fate by challenging other mages. Do
not piss off the cops, the bangers or the local Mob, and for
all the gods' sake, do not take on a vampire prince! Picking
fights puts our whole family at risk. As Jeremy Case's story
shows, all of us feel the heat when one of us plays with fire!

Sometimes you can't avoid a problem. If an altercation
occurs because of you, please do your very best to try to
resolve it on your own. If you can do so without making a
fuss, so much the better! If, for some reason, things spiral
beyond your control, then, of course, you must let us know.
We are family, after all, and we look out for our own!

Weall despise rejects who draw their circles into battle
over nothing more than simple glory. If you want to get
yourself killed on a matter of principle, please feel free to
leave the rest of us out of it! That shit only plays in action
movies, and has no place in our survivor's game. Our hidden
places should remain hidden. If you're nurturing dreams of
being the next big hero, take them elsewhere!

If, on the other hand, trouble finds its way to our door,
we expect you to stand with us as loyally as we'd stand with
you. If we have to fight, and you (and we) come out of it
alive, then you will be a hero. To us.

And in the end, that's all that matters.

Magick: Wings of the Soul

We are avatars of intuition. Where other mages hone
their Arts in endless study, we reach for them in the night,
plucking the fruits of awareness and le mystique by instinct.
There are, of course, certain roads one must travel when
seeking the Eternal Art, but first of all, you must learn to
trust your intuition. Without that, all the rest is ashes.

Awakening is different for all of us. Some Awaken in
violence, to hard slaps of Fate, and some Awaken in ecstasy,
gyrating to a favorite song. Tragically, for most of us, violence
is a more profound trigger than ecstasy. Regardless of the
circumstances, that feeling, the clarity that cuts through the
confusion of the moment, is unmistakable! Have you heard
that Bauhaus song, "Kick in the Eye?" That's it completely —
akick in the psychic eye! Your perceptions are not altered so

54 The Orphans Survival Guide

much asaugmented. Awakening is like the moment you realized
everything your parents and teachers taught you was bullshit,
only more so! Actually, for most of us, those two moments are
inextricably linked; once you discover that one reality is built
on falsehoods, it's a short step to understanding that Reality
itself isa lie! A lie youcancontrol ifyou have the will todoso....

Avatar: The Nightbird

i thought i saw an angel. he reminded me of you. dark. tall.
long hair. your hair. gliding through the air. just out of reach
turning back in anger. my angel? he reminded me of you. fallen.

— Black Tape for a Blue Girl, "wings tattered, fallen"

Sometimes, that concept of will takes on an essence of its
own. Other mages call it an "avatar," the seed of divine essence;
personally, I prefer "the Nightbird," bearer of messages from
beyond human sight. Ultimately, this inner messenger enables
us to use our magick. Depending on our relationship with this
entity, it can be very helpful, or a royal pain! I know one girl
whose Nightbird manifested at the club, and the thing walked
her through Awakening like it was a midnight stroll on the
beach! For others, the spirit pushes and coaxes, convinced that
it can draw you along magick's Path with tricks and traps.
Helpful or harassing, the Nightbird glides through your senses
likearaven, like Thoughtand Memory on the shoulders of a god.

Tomost of our kind, the Nightbird does indeed take avian
shape. Some see her as a crow or raven, while others labor
under the stare of Lilith's own owl. I've known Darklings who
danced beneath the wings of black doves, or laughed with a
vulture's voice. Sometimes, it takes the form of an angel —a
Uriel or Azrael — clad in sad shadow; other times, it becomes
Death, a scythe-wielding mentor of mortal lessons. Whatever
shape this "avatar" prefers, you can be sure it will have wings.
In our eyes, it always does.

Certain mages claim that "avatars" are actually the frag-
mented spirits of an older race of beings, more pure than
anything that remains on this world. Supposedly, what re-
mains has done so to guide us, to evolve our magickal souls. It's
a lovely concept, and even wizards should have fairy tales.
Whatever "avatars" are, those who practice magick possess
them... or are likewise possessed.

Like the Ba, the spirit of physical and mystick vitality
spoken of by the Egyptians, the Nightbird soars from its
physical prison, taking an Awakened One along for the ride.
When the intuition is blocked, when the hang-ups of daily life
impede magickal awareness, the Nightbird takes a Darkling on
an inner journey to Seek what has been lost. Through dark
tunnels and elemental tests, you will tread a path of tears; until
you can face the fears and passions that block you, your
magickal power will be frozen in place like icy bones. | tell you
this because I can see you're going to have trouble overcoming
the obstacles of this world. Many of our kind cannot get past
those obstacles, and very few of us ever rise to truly sublime
awareness or power because of it.


Ifand when you reach the final summit of awareness, your
physical body slides away like a snake's discarded skin. Our
war-mongering "cousins" like to call this "ascension," but it's
really about transcending this rotting mortal shell and jour-
neying outward, uniting the Baand its Ka (the spirit) inasingle
entity. Until then, the dance between Ba and Ka, between
flesh and the Nightbird, keeps us like courtesans: privileged,
perceptive, powerful and freer than most people can imag-
ine... so long as we tend the toll.

Tools of Instinct

As said, magick is a function of instinct; each Darkling
does what suits her needs. To reach outward and pluck that
mystick fruit, we need rituals and tools to focus our intentions.
The "traditions" and "technocrats" make a big deal over their
rites — that's whata lot of the fighting between them is about!
—butourkind have alwaysseen the arts within the Arts, if you
know what I mean. The rituals are merely steps toward an end.

We choose those steps from things that are important to us...
usually from the cast-offs of our respective upbringings. I've always
had a way with words and charm; thus, my "rituals" involve
knowing what to say, how to say it, and who to say it to. A friend
of mine was raised to think she was some kind ofslut; now herrituals
involve lots of masochistic sex. One pretty Samoan boy I know uses
tikisand melodic chants, while a former rival of mine cultivated her
interest in Wicca. We use what works best for us. What works for
me probably won't work for you. Each Darkling custom-makes her
own rites. The magick is in the mage, not the tool.

Really elaborate spells demand a lot of concentration
— in other words, rituals that let you get your fingers into
the magick and shape Reality like a sculptor shapes clay.
Although many of us fall back on the tried-and-true rituals
of witchcraft — the whole "bell, book and candle" thing —
Ihave to stress that we do not limit ourselves to such rites.
Again, each Dark Child finds tools and incantations that
seem significant to her — like my slutty friend's sex rites —
and puts them to work. Generally, it's a good idea to get your
family to help with powerful rites. A chain can move more
than a single link can.

I'll share this with you. It's not a secret, but itis private:
One night, very soon after I came here, I climbed to the top
of achurch tower. It was after midnight, very dark and cold,
and the roof tiles were slippery. But I made it to the top, and
from there I was able to see over the entire city. As time
passed, I watched the city move through the dark, eventu-
ally go to sleep, and begin to wake again as the sun reddened
the distant sky. Soon I became a little afraid, like the cat
that climbs the tree but doesn't know how to get down. The
ground was very far below me, and the dawn was coming. I
didn't want to be spotted in my predicament by some passer-
by... or by a cop.

I was startled by a huge crow flying low over the peaked
roof. Its wings brushed my hair, and I almost lost my balance
from the surprise. The Nightbird perched nearby and studied

me, its head cocked in that unlikely angle only birds and
reptiles can achieve. Then it cawed once and flew away. As it
flew, a single feather dropped into my lap. I picked up the
feather, stared at its beautiful silky blackness. I was able to get
down from the roof then. I don't remember how I did it now,
butat the time that didn't matter. I've kept the feather, because
to me, at that moment, it was magickal. Perhaps there was
more to the encounter. Perhaps it was only coincidence.
The point is, every person has things that hold mean-
ing for him and him alone — some general, some specific.
Tarot cards are symbols, magickal because we believe them
to be so, yet for many of us, they work. A pentagram
necklace sold from a basket filled with dozens of pentagram
necklaces is only magickal because you make it so. To you,
a black candle may be mere wax, but I can introduce you to
people who can make miracles with its smoke. As you grow
into your talents, you will find the things that are magickal
for you. Just remember: The True Magick is inside of you.

Steps in the Dance

Weare unique individuals. Each one of us has different
talents, different things we can do, and different ways of
looking at both. We've had endless discussions over what
we call those abilities, how to describe them. No one's
suggestions capture the exact nature of those inclinations
perfectly. Magick is too ephemeral to be defined precisely.

Nevertheless, Reality has a few common elements;
once you can take them by the hand (or throat), it's easy to
lead these elements where you want them to go. You might
think of them as steps in a dance, or words in an intricately
woven song. I call them:

The Arts of the Web, the Connection Between All
Things and Places: In old spells, this element represents
the ties of similarity and the bridge spanning great dis-
tances. To invoke it, use tools that connect you to the thing
you wish to influence or join.

Fate and Decay, the Arts of Mortality and Fortune:
In many ways, these are the oldest magicks, spells that twist
the threads of chance and change. The trappings of death
(dust, grave-soil, bones and such) work well for spells that
invoke the power of decay, while objects of fortune (coins,
dice, cards, etc.) twist the threads without snapping them.

© Elemental Forces, the Arts of Fire, Wind and Dark-
ness: While some elements, like Earth and Water, are solid
and heavy, these Arts command the fleeter aspects of creation:
electricity, light, shadows, the air. Like these elements, spells
that employ them must be swift and merciless — hot passions,
fierce rages, sharp weapons, even power tools. Force enchant-
ments are the most destructive of all, and make excellent
fighting spells. Even then, though, a subtle hand is preferable
to.aclumsy one. As I said, we are not thugs.

¢ The Leaf and the Flesh, the Songs of Life: Healing,
harming, shaping and shape-changing... this powerful yet

Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 35


Ga ail

beautiful series of Arts links the mortal flesh to the eternal spirit.
Make-up, body art, sex and bodily fluids make this a messy but
potent specialty, but it's helpful if you never want to grow old.

¢ Elemental Matter, the Arts of Stone, Wood and the
Deep: Scientists and priests would call such things "inani-
mate" objects; my pagan friends would disagree, claiming
all things have souls. Whatever. All I know is a mage with
the right tricks can bend steel, see through walls and turn
leather jackets into kevlar with a little know-how and a few
tools — tools like laboratories, a carpenter's toolkit and a
knack for craftsmanship.

© Charm-Song, the Arts of Persuasion, Perception
and Possession: My personal favorite, this specialty grants
you power over the pathetic monkeymass we jokingly call
"humanity." Seriously, a master of Charm-Song can rifle
through the mental drawers of anyone around her without
being noticed. Hard stares, kind words, good looks and the
eternal power of suggestion focus this near-invisible magick
into a Darkling's best friend.

¢ Primal Force, the Dance of the Fifth Invisible
Essence: You know about the fifth point on a pentacle,
don't you? The one that goes up or down, depending on
which side of the God Squad you're pitching for? This Art
focuses on the energies of that fifth point, on the raw
creative force spawned by passion and life. By attuning
yourself to it with sex, drugs and rock-n-roll (or any other
kind of music or artwork), you can sense these forces and
channel them to your purposes.

© The Wing and the Voice, the Arts of the Gods:
Sometimes you call them; sometimes they call you. Either
way, that fifth point on the pentacle has a self-motivated
aspect, too: spirits. Call them by whatever names you like
—Loa, ghosts, elementals, gods, sprites... The fact is, they
exist. Darklings with Christian inclinations refer to them
as angels and demons, but pagan ones simply see them as
the elements incarnate. Anyone who practices ghost-talk
and shamanism invokes these tricky things with seances,
fasts, sacrifices and invocation rites, but be careful. This
Art bites back!

© Chronos, the Aria of Time: It's all a matter of
perception, they say. If you can train yourself to view time
differently, you can look into the past or future, notice
ripples in the timestream, or even (so I've heard) bend time
around you. I know a few people who've mastered these
tricks; at the base level, you can read the future in a deck of
Tarot cards, or postcognitize the history of a place or item.
Advanced spells use drugs, sex, drinking and fasting to take
a wizard out of her usual perceptions of time, letting her
manipulate it as she will.

These are my definitions, the names I choose to give
the steps in the dance. There are no "official spheres of
magick," or any of that bullshit. Chances are, any Darkling
will give you different names, if he chooses to name them at
all That's the beauty of our way: Unlike the hidebound sects
of our rivals, we refuse to be bound toa single Periodic Table
of Magick. Woo the Mysteries as you see fit.

Playing Nicely

You don't scare us with your badges and banners
You know fuck-all about heavy manners
— The Business, "Suburban Rebels"

Meanwhile, as you woo magick, the night
NY woos you. With a 1000 different voices, with
caresses and threats and vague seductions,
the currents of humanity and its dark coun-
terparts flow around you like a vast, powerful
sea. Careful, my little friend —here be sharks,
and urchins, and remorseless undertows. Not a one of us is
safe, but if you're smart, you'll learn to swim without being
dragged down.

I've told you about the other secret societies who want
to enslave us. Some, like the wild Cultists, pagan Verbena
and cyber-weirdo Virtual Adepts, make helpful friends.
We're not so different when you get down to it. Ifthey could
just quit their Council and dance with us in the night, they
might see us as the equals that we are. Most of the other
"traditions," though, view us as children to be herded,
taught or spanked as the whim takes them. Fuck that! We
may not have their centuries of expertise, but we under-
stand the modern night better than the best of them.

56 The Orphans Survival Guide

I'll be the first to admit that the "spirit traditions," the
Dream-shamans and their Good Death buddies, under-
stand god-craft better than we do. These sorcerers don't
believe in death, and so they don't really die, just cycle
through endless incarnations. While a few of us can master
that trick, too many Darklings surrender to the illusions of
heaven and hell. Consequently, we sometimes get stuck in
between, joining the ghosts. Not these mages, though.
Truth to tell, they're a creepy lot, even by our standards.
When you look one in the eye, you can see eternity. Good
thing they don't hate us! Still, for all their wisdom, they're
stuck at the same Last Supper as their friends. Too bad.

The others, asa whole, do not care for us at all. The Order
of Hermes, with the exception of a small House called Thig, is
astoundingly reactionary. The Jet Li psychos who call them-
selves "akashic brothers" and the equally demented Singing
Christers hate us, too, and I can't say there's much love lost on
our end. When Jeremy Case went to the Council chambers,
these guys put the smack down on him, hard. The mad
scientists — the Sons of Frankenstein or something like that
—spend all their time enmeshed in their experiments, build-
ing a web of science and magick. They frighten the other sects


as much as we do, and yet they are accepted. Very random
choice. Maybe they asked more politely than we did.

But even though there's very little chance of it, we
could someday call the "traditions" friends. The real threats
tous come from the walking dead men of the "technocratic
union," and from the subtle machinations of those
infernalists I mentioned earlier. Both of these sects play the
game too well for our comfort, and many Dark Children
have been led off by Pied Piper infiltrators from either side.
Although some infernal sects have made overtures of friend-
ship to Hollow cliques, I can tell you that those kind of
bargains are liar's games. Sooner or later, you'll have to
bend your knee at someone's altar. The moment you do
that, you're no longer one of us.

Every once ina while, the Nightbird takes wing inside

a human body, sending the mage insane. It happens a lot, ~

especially to our kind. These Mad Ones are too dangerous
to be called friends, but they make good cover when you
have to run. If you can manage to get one talking, listen; no
Nightbird speaks truer than a demented mage.

But rival wizards are only part of the midnight tapestry
of the streets. You could go months, even years, without
meeting one. There are other, more prominent members of
the urban drama — like the club kids, for example, who
surround us like moths drawn to our flames. Or the local
street people, who understand the territory better than we
do; they hear the gossip, know where the good drugs are,
know who's new, and who doesn't belong. Don't forget the
cops; most of the time, they don't bother us, but when they
do, they can send your sorry gothic butt to jail — or the
morgue —for the price ofa little paperwork. Then there are
the poseurs, kids who just come down for a weekend of club
life; these lame fucks are usually easy to spot — they look
uncomfortable in their clothes, or don't bother to dress up
at all. Still, a rich frat boy cruising goth pussy can be 10
kinds of useful, and you don't even have to touch the creep.

Every so often, we throw an open party or two. Many
very fascinating creatures turn out for those events —
beautiful, beguiling, wondrous entities with flint hearts and
mortal hungers. Oh, they're hot... so hot you'll want to
burn your skin off dragging them to bed. I can tell you, from
more than a few knock-down fuck-fests, that nothing
remotely mortal can match the entrancing power of the
not-quite-dead, but you have to be very clear when and
where to draw the line. Make no mistake; these are beings
who can hurt you badly if they choose, and too much
intimacy with one of them could kill you... or worse.

There's a gentleman who attends our Halloween soiree
every year. He dresses eccentrically, ina black suit with a brightly
patterned shirt and a top hat, but no one ever mocks him. I've
spoken with him many times, and he's as witty, charming and
sensual as the French courtier he claims he once was. He's also a
vampire, and makes no attempt to hide the fact. I've seen him
walk off with many a Dark Young Thing's soul in his hand. Take

my advice: Look, play, but do not get too close. Whatever youdo,
don'tever share blood with one; three drinks ofa single vampire's
blood, and your will becomes his toy. They call those toys "Blood
Dolls," and there are quite a few Darklings among them —
Hollow Ones who have been filled with a vampire's commands.
But although we may resemble the vampires among.us,
our closest night-kin are the ghosts — those who have died,
but have not passed on. Held to this earth by unsolved
sorrows, they weep and rage in the corners of our world,
yearning to taste life again. As spiritualists from Day One,
we make room for the dead at our tables; sometimes we call
them up to join the party, or allow them to ride us for a
while, or do them a favor or two. In return, they tell us
secrets, watch our backs, and act as mentors when and if one
of our own crosses into the Shadowlands. Should you meet
a ghost, treat her with courtesy and compassion. She may
once have been one of us. Someday, she could be you....

A Final Thought

She draws away from you with a slight, malicious smile.
"... not that this would be such a bad thing. Death is overrated,
and far from an eternal ending. Would existence as a forlorn
spirit be that much different than the life you recently led? So
many people are nothing more than fleshy ghosts, moaning
around a haunted castle in chains of their own inanity.

"You claim to have transcended that. But are you so sure? Or are
weall ghosts, even now, just waiting for the dawn to make us disappear?"

The candles on your table burn brighter, suddenly, and Denise
rises to her feet, holding out her thin left hand. Like a supplicant, you
bestow a kiss on her cool, ringed fingers, and she smiles like a
princess. A dark princess with a favorite toy. "The lesson is over,"
she says. "My throat is dry. Why don't you get me a drink?"

In response, you close your eyes and gesture, thinking cool,
liquid thoughts. A moment later, a pretty boy, eyes limned with
kohl, presents you with a fresh glass of wine. Yousmile, nod your
thanks, and present the gift to Denise. "Well done," she re-
marks. "You learn quickly..."

Now you know something of our secrets, our history,
our dreams. Are we, as some have called us, a "lost tradi-
tion?" Hardly. We are the new world, the new way. Bred in
fire, blood and shadow, nurtured by hatred and dementia,
and inspired by poets, artists and madmen, we ask for no
one's favors. Everything we know, we've learned on our
own terms — how tobe strong, how to survive, how to grow.

Maybe it's the "traditions" time to change, now. The
old ways don't work anymore. The old world is dead. This
world is ours. They'll have to accept us for their own
survival. Maybe we'll learn something in the process, but
those lessons will be gained on our conditions; no more
bartering janitorial services for small lessons, like that
hopeless kid in "The Sorcerer's Apprentice!" No, our "cous-
ins" will have to deal with us as equals, nothing less! In this
war that is life, we have earned respect.

Good night, beloved, and fare well...
Chapter II: The Hollow Ones 57



Chapter Il:

Cras

space

Hell eats its tourists

— Andrew Vachss, Strega

The blood is long dried, but I can still see the place
where I beat my head against the bricks until the voices
inside quieted down. Sometimes, I still feel the comfort-
ing "crunch," and see the spinning bright lights flaring
and dying like novas in the dark.

Ona good night, I can walk past the place where
Jennifer and I kissed for the first time. If you look
closely, you can see our ghosts leaning up against the
lamppost, drinking each other as only young lovers
can. Onareally good night, I can make it past the spot without breaking
down. Most times, though, I walk away blind with tears. I'm glad the
ghosts still look happy

There's a mural of a girl painted on a crackhouse wall down on
Fifth. It's pretty fucking old. When I look at it in the right light, I can
see the hands that painted it, and hear Janis Joplin blaring from the
speakers and drowning out the faint crackle of smoked rock ice

The city sandblasted the "A WOMAN WAS RAPED HERE"
signs off the pavement. The words had bordered silhouettes sprawled
nakedon the sidewalk. Apparently, the images upset people. If I'm having
aparticularly bad day, can hear the muffledcries and wet sucking sounds;
on better nights, I taste the tears of the artist who stenciled her wamings
on every rape-site on campus, and smell the spraypaint on the wind.

It's notall bad. I can still smell the musk of the first girl I made love
to, hear the whispered assurances of eternal devotion and all that high-

school stuff. When I dare to walk past my parents' house, I savor the
sweet melt of ice cream and the sugar kiss of my 10th birthday cake. My
favorite club still holds impressions of drunken revels, the dancing
spectres of a freer time. If I really care to focus the sensations, they're
as real as the day I felt them.

But then, I'm not that much of a sucker for pain. This city crawls
with ghosts, and a lot of them are mine

The Living Landscape

Everyone needs tosleep, to party, to meet friends, dodge
rivals and stage all life's little dramas. To some people, mages
especially, the landscape is one more character in the play.
Far from being a backdrop, the area takes on a bit of life from
the events occurring there. Orphans don't really call this
life-spark "Resonance," but they feel it just the same.

This chapter describes a few of the many places where the
self-Awakened gather. The first location, Chapel Perilous, has
been left "vagabond" and ready-to-run. The Storyteller can
place it wherever she wants, and begin new scenarios there as
she sees fit. Some of the other places, described in less detail,
but with more possibilities, have been left with "revolving
door" casts. Any or all of these places can find their way into
rumors, tales and plots as your chronicle expands beyond the

Chapter III: Crashspace 59

a a


The Chapel Perilous

Their razor-sharp tongues
Invite to relax

As they slip the skin on your
Eyelids back

Invasive spectators

Get into the act

With roses and candles

Silver knives and spoons

— Christian Death, "Figurative Theatre"

The blackened church dominates the entire block.
Everything nearby has been laid to waste. Man-made cracks
run down the stairs and expand like a web across the
sidewalk and street. At night, blacklights bathe the area in
an eerie glow, bringing out twisted artwork and sigil scrawls
amongst the layered graffiti.

Inside, music threatens to at once transport and deafen.
Drugs flow into young gullets, lungs and veins. A mob of
painted and powdered waifs dance alone in outfits too darkly
perfect to be real. In small clutches, children of the night
dispense cruelties and pleasantries. Giant, but quite genuine
spider webs hang from the high rafters amongst statuary both
angelic and demonic.

The club dubbed Chapel Perilous is located in a huge
deconsecrated Catholic church between two burned-out
apartment buildings. The neighborhood is filled with lavish
Victorian buildings now fallen into disrepair and decay.
Despite the club's reputation as being the easiest place in the
city to score ex and speed, police have a hands-off policy
with the popular nightspot. Four nights a week, Perilous
caters toastylish but politically uninfluential goth clientele.
But on Mondays, it's a sex club specializing in S&M,
patronized by a selection of the area's richest and most
powerful citizens.

The demographics of Chapel Perilous vary crazily from
night to night. On Tuesdays, the self-styled gothic elite
holds court to discuss the important matters of the night.
Topics invariably include who is cheating on whom, which
of those people are junkies, what to wear on Friday, and who
can and cannot dance. Other gossip is shouted from mouths
close to ears over the alternating deep, melodic gloominess
and industrial frenzy of the dance floor.

Wednesday is drag night. On those nights, many of the
men have bigger hair than the women, and the competition
for the hottest dress is fierce. The music on Wednesdays is a
heart-pumping blend of techno and dance, with inevitable
interludes of Madonna favorites.

Thursday has gone through a variety of themes, but
usually winds up as a try-out night for fledgling bands. A
number of truly over-the-top industrial and death-metal

60 The Orphans Survival Guide

bands got their start here, ignited by the creative fire of the
moshing orphans in attendance.

On Fridays, the goth community shows up en mass to
show off its finest black Victorian clothes, dental-cap
fangs, and darker-than-thou attitude. The smoke genera-
tors are cranked up in earnest, but it's other varieties of
smoke that cause the clientele to cough quietly under the
heroin-inspired vocals and electronic beats of the thunder-
ing sound system.

Every Saturday, the club is packed to the rafters with
seething, moshing humanity. Minds are twisted and ear-
drums are shattered during live concerts by some of the best
bands the industrial, goth, and metal genres have to offer.

Sundays are relatively staid, informal gothic affairs.
Despite the reserved air, there's a vicious undercurrent to
these nights. Ambient music, far-less frenetic than the usual
din, allows cruel gossip to circulate with devastating psycho-
logical effect.

The club is officially closed on Mondays and the dance
floor is almost never used. But on these evenings, limousines
discreetly maneuver into the defunct church's back lot as
aging men in expensive suits furtively jog to the upstairs
entrance with bags full of fetish gear. Inside, rich patrons
indulge in perverse acts with an expendable staff of male and
female prostitutes, coupling and dying beneath the unseen
lenses of silent video cameras.

Layout

The foreboding exterior of Chapel Perilous, once white,
is now covered in soot. Its twin towers and ornate construc-
tion suggest pretensions of being a cathedral rather than
merely a large church. Atnight, black lights radiate from the
windows, adding to the otherworldly feel of the place.

The ground-floor interior is dominated by the stage
and the scarred dance floor. When the fog machine isn't
running, you can even see where most of the pews used to
be. On many nights, there's a line waiting to use confes-
sionals. The kids call them "the blow rooms" for both of the
obvious reasons.

Backstage is a dimly lit labyrinth connecting the dress-
ing rooms and the office of the owner, Norm. On most
nights, invite-only parties are held in each of the dressing
rooms. Various perverse (and, occasionally, supernatural)
indulgences keep these bacchanals... interesting. Norm's
office, however, is inaccessible to clubgoers. Inside, he sits
alone, surrounded by dust, skin mags, closed-circuit moni-
tors, and an extensive collection of inflatable sex dolls.

Nearly a score of speedfreaks and a few orphans live in
the chic squalor of the church basement. Most of the place's
10 minuscule rooms are insanely overcrowded and seriously

fucked-up from constant turnover and prolonged neglect. A
few long-termers have their own rooms, each one decorated
in black lace and Crow posters. These favored few burn
enough incense to cover the worst of the foul odors coming
from their neighbors... and from the bathroom.

Years ago, someone rather appropriately nicknamed
the men's common toilet "Malfeas." Almost nobody living
there knows the meaning of the term, but the name stuck
anyway. Urine stands in pools that take months to evapo-
rate, and many joke that the mold growing in the toilets has
achieved a dark sentience. The hallway and women's bath-
room, while chokingly dusty, are actually relatively free of
food and human waste. Anyone who dared to foul either
area has had to answer to Denise, the reigning queen of
Chapel Perilous. That reckoning has never been pleasant.

Denise's room stands in contrast to the rest of the
basement. The walls are lined with mirrors, making the
place seem almost palatial. The purple lace covering the
seams at the corners matches the velvet of her diminutive
canopy bed. Despite the small size of the room, the draperies,
mirrors and lush cushions scattered around the place make
it seem more like a queen's secret boudoir than the cramped
quarters of a self-Awakened kid. But then, illusions are
stock-in-trade in Denise's little world.

The club's upstairs "playroom" has been covered in EZ-
Kleen plastic. Although there are a few couches and beds in
recessed alcoves, most of the "furniture" is an inventive
variety of torture devices. These range from relatively staid
racks to nameless, intimidating, and often lethal creations.
Since the "employees," rather than clientele, often end up
on the receiving end of the Monday-night torture sessions,
the truly vicious equipment sees a fair amount of use. A
hidden chute leads to a pit far below the club's basement;
there, hideous shambling things emerge from catacombs and
collect the leavings of the night's festivities... including the
occasional half-dead survivor.

The left-hand church tower is the domain of Strange. He
allows few guests into his sanctum, but those who have visited
describe it as either wondrous or haunted. The furnishings, other
than a grand piano that couldn't possibly have been brought up
the spiral stairs, are relatively mundane. Tolkien, musical scores,
and military psych-ops manuals sit stacked on the many book-
shelves. Several containers of Asian delivery food overflow the
garbage can. The truly distinguishing feature of Strange's realm,
however, is the presence of odd, aethyric entities that float
through harmlessly at random intervals. Most of these creatures
take no notice of their surroundings, and appear in the form of
bloated primordial fish. A few resemble human ghosts, and rant
silently to anyone unfortunate enough to see them.

Scenes, Mind Games and Cliques

Clubgoers from various subcultures haunt Chapel Peril-
ous, and many of these socialites belong to more than one
scene. While "gothic" types, bisexuals and junkies dominate

{eae

the scene, debate rages over what constitutes "gothic" and who
(if anyone) can really be considered bisexual. (Nobody really
cares about the junkies.) While many of the club's most
dedicated customers show up at least once a week, asmattering
of fresh hangers-on, thrill-seekers and poseurs keep the social
blades sharp and the victim-pool full.

Awakened orphans — Hollow Ones and non-aligned
magi alike — comprise a small but influential portion of
the club's clientele. Two cliques dominate the Awakened
scene. The Revelers, led by Denise, essentially strive to
preserve the status quo; the shunned remain shunned; the
cool are still considered cool, and kids can still get all the
drugs they want. The other clique is nameless, a mutating,
informal beast comprised of Hollow Ones, a few other
orphans, and their fuck-bunnies. About three times a
month, this group meets outside Perilous to share spells,
theories and gossip. Half of these meetings degenerate into
ego-strutting, in-fighting and melodrama. Despite (or,
perhaps, because of) the chaos, a newly Awakened mage
can gain a wealth of information at one of these meetings
— if she manages to get invited.

Most of the club regulars claim to be bisexual; for the
most part, this allows them to dress androgynously and fuck
anyone they please without considering the true nature of
their sexuality. Despite the fact that very few people at
Perilous care who fucks whom, most openly gay locals keep
their distance, even on drag night. ("Honey, I have enough
problems already!")

Amidst the atmosphere of casual drug use at Chapel
Perilous, there exists a desperate junkie subculture. A few
junkies regularly steal, mug or murder other patrons to feed
their addictions; most, however, stay high by dealing — the
club's always full of customers. Ecstasy's pretty popular
among the lightweights, but speed (dangerously cheap in
the area) has a larger following. Heroin and coke have their
devotees as well, but few of the hardcore junkies can afford
tostay stoned on those drugs regularly. Occasionally, a batch
of angel dust arrives at Perilous; usually, blood flows and
Paradox is unleashed in the wake of the PCP.

Regulars

On any given night, the club is packed with Sleepers;
even so, the prevalence of drugs, occult trappings and sheer
chaos makes the club a minor nexus for supernatural activ-
ity. A half-dozen vampires consider the place a prime
feeding ground, and several ghosts haunt the basement and
upstairs chambers. A posse of evil Bane spirits infests the
lower reaches of the club, and several hover around the
playroom on Monday nights.

Given the wild and often corrupt nature of the Peril-
ous, its Resonance is thick, dark and bitter. Magi who favor
such heady brews find the club's aura intoxicating, but
others, wary of such a sinister nexus, have been trying to

Chapter III: Crashspace 61


NO Ail

VAEXS

either shut the club down or reform it from within. So far,
neither side has had much success. Several members of the
nameless clique wage a silent war with the so-called Revel-
ers, but so far, this conflict has involved more mind games
and trash talk than fistfights or magick duels.

When magick is in the air, it flows rather freely. The
regulars have been so conditioned to weird shit that oc-
cult-style spells, black-magick rites and odd events are
considered coincidental. Really powerful rites or
Technomagickal Effects remain vulgar, but the regulars are
not considered "witnesses" when Paradox or casting diffi-
culties come into play.

The club's usual cast of characters includes (but is not
limited to):

Denise

Background: Denise leads the Reveler clique, a gather-
ing of Hollow Ones who command the local scene. As
Queen of the Night's Children, she concerns herself with
maintaining the social pecking orderamong both the Awak-
ened and the gothic elements of the Chapel Perilous.

The child of fading film stars, Denise grew up in
Beverly Hills amidst decadent, declining fortune. In her
terrible two's, she set fire to the house three times and
threw 48-hour marathon tantrums. Since then, she has
been raised by psychologists, spending half her childhood
in various private institutions for "emotional disturbance."
By age 10, she had caused countless residential counselors
to give up their careers in favor of nervous breakdowns.
The psychologists, however, were treated better; Denise
enjoyed learning (and winning) their mind games. By age
14, she blackmailed her way out of institutional care and
entered public school. She Awakened at 16 when her
then-boyfriend tried to rape her. He was put in traction
after following her command to screw himself. Not long
after that, Denise ran away and went Hollow.

Denise has been living at Chapel Perilous for about
three years. Early on, the regulars discovered that it was both
dangerous and unwise to ignore her dictates. Denise's looks
can literally kill. Certain overly friendly patrons and bounc-
ers can only attest to this fact posthumously.

A master of the smear campaign, Denise is currently
poisoning the reputation of at least three other club regulars,
forslights both real and imagined. At least twice that many are
trying to drag her from her position as head chick of the clique.
Norm Burns, on the other hand, kowtows to her in most
things, although he does charge her rent. Denise makes her
money by going up to boys and saying, "Hey lover, can I have
a 20 to get us some drinks?" and then wandering off with it. It
causes some melodrama, but there are plenty of guys who pony
up every week.

Although she favorsa "queen of Set" demeanor, Denise's
magick flows through mental spells. Although she learned
to work Mind magick without a focus, she often concen-

62 The Orphans Survival Guide

trates on the target of her attentions, and channels spite or
favor through remarks, dreams and gestures. Although she's
been known to hurl the occasional curse, Denise prefers to
work on a person's passions, nerves and sanity.

Image: Denise looks about 20, with a model's height and
figure. She's pale as death, and twice as sexy. Her porcelain skin
and waist-length dreadlocks draw most of the attention. Her
clothing is always dark or at least darkly saturated; her clothing
tends toward webbing, lace, strapless or backless, but manages
a surprising amount of variety within those parameters. Her
fashion sense is accented with dental-cap fangs and Egyptian
paraphernalia. On special occasions, she'lleven wearapharaoh's
headdress or carry the traditional scepter and crook. The total
effect of her wardrobe has caused Trevor Seeker to comment
on several occasions that she looks like a Settite, but nobody
else gets the joke.

Roleplaying Hints: You must be in control, the center
of attention in every situation. Flatter your friends and
devastate your enemies. You're the life of the party as long
as people do things your way. Otherwise, there is hell to pay
— you will not relax or relent until you are given proper
respect! Psychoanalyze everyone, take personal note of their
faults, and keep everything you learn as ammunition for
later attacks (social, emotional and, sometimes, magickal).

Notes: In game terms, Denise is an Adept-level mage (see
the Mage: The Ascension rulebook, p. 275), with Mind 4,
Arete 5, and minimal skills in Correspondence (1), Entropy (2),
Life (2) and Spirit (3). Her other Traits include Manipulation
and Appearance 4, Brawl 2, Intimidation 4, Seduction 4,
Subterfuge 3, Occult 3, Science (Psychology) 3, Willpower 7,
and the Allies Background at 5.

Clarence

Background: Several bouncers work at Perilous, but
Clarence is the bouncer. The others combined aren't as
big as he is, and he's the one who works the door.
Contrary to the popular stereotype, Clarence is pretty
sharp and quite efficient. Rarely does he need to resort to
violence, or even restraint.

Clarence falls somewhere in the gray area between
wild talent and total Awakening. Unconsciously, he causes
coincidences to go his way more often than not, and he
seems immune to mental tampering (which irritates Denise
to no end). Before he started as a bouncer, Perilous often
had problems when many of the club's Awakened patrons
"happened" to arrive at the same time, each demanding to
be let in first. Several of the irresponsible and/or impatient
orphans would attempt to get in first by using mind
control; the result was an endless parade of delayed lines
and burned-out bouncers. Both ended abruptly under
Clarence's tenure.

Born on the outskirts of a white ghetto, Clarence grew
up poor. Even as a child, he was physically imposing.
Because of this, most adults mistook his shyness for menace.


eh -4
4)
é a
=H bad
mI (3) &
@ =r
a
bh ¢

aa:

The only teachers who encouraged him taught physical
education. Clarence excelled under the attention of coaches,
but despite aptitude and interest, he was only a "C" student
in academics. After high school, he started getting offers for
weightlifting competitions, but decided to take the steady
and overtime pay of bouncing instead. He's been doing it at
various clubs for about six years now, and is wondering
where to go from here. Like many people who base their
careers on physique, Clarence worries that age will leave
him jobless and without useful skills. He suspects he might
be able to make useful contacts through his current job, but
isn't sure how to go about it. He's used to asking customers
to show their I.D.s, not striking up conversations.

Image: Nearly seven feet tall and built like a fleet of
trucks, Clarence presents an imposing figure. He wears
black muscle T's, leather armbands and either sweatpants
or one of the two sets of jeans he's been able to find in his
size. In contrast, his skin is pale, with facial features both
delicate and somewhat attractive. Even more attractive is
his spiky black hair. His movement are sure but understated
— competent, not showy.

‘Roleplaying Hints: Politeness and cool control are the
watchwords. By nature, you're quiet and shy, but you have
no problem being firm in doing your job. When you must
be firm, make it clear that you are only implementing
policy, not making personal challenges. There is an
emptiness to your smile — the grin of a professional
rather than a friend.

Notes: Although un-Awakened in
the usual sense, Clarence invokes slight
turns of fortune; at the Storyteller's op-
tion, things go the bouncer's way.

Additionally, he has the Iron Will Merit,

a Willpower of 8, and the following other

Traits: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,

Social Traits of 2, Mental Traits of 3, Brawl and

Dodge 4, Intimidation 4, Etiquette 3, and a host of
other useful minor skills.

[/ ,

Norm Burns

Background: Norm owns Chapel Perilous. Be-
fore that, he was just a small-time pimp with problems
keeping a stable of girls. His first "break" came when
he discovered which cops were on the take. By paying
off police in both cash and favors, he was able to keep
his prostitutes from being arrested while turning the

pigs on girls who tried to go into business for them-
selves. In time, higher echelons among the police
came to sample the services; later, other members
of the city's elite showed interest as well. One of
these elite, Councilman Solomon Gray, out-
lined exactly what they wanted: a discreet
location where there were no limits. There,
adolescent boys and girls, not profes

onals,

Chapter III: Crashspace

RD 4


Y,

would be provided to indulge whatever perverse whimsies
the "cream of society" could imagine.

"Graduating" from pimp to promoter, Norm purchased
Perilous at a foreclosure auction. He hired some goths and
metalheads to get the club together, then leased out the
rooms in the basement. His sole criteria for selecting ten-
ants were beauty, desperation, and the inability to pay rent.
Those who could not pay when rent came due were told to
prostitute themselves. Anyone who refused was harassed by
police or evicted with surprising swiftness.

Soon afterward, Norm discovered the pit below the
club — a former ritual site for Satanic activities that
desecrated the original church. Although the cult that
had gathered there disappeared long ago, Norm quickly
learned that bodies dumped down into the pit also disap-
peared. Not one to waste an opportunity, he had a chute
built from the playroom to the pit. The downstairs neigh-
bors don't seem to mind, and their activities avert a lot of
embarrassing questions.

Norm enjoys the influence he has as the owner, but
covets the greater power of his Monday-night clientele. At
first, he installed hidden video cameras upstairs so that he
could watch the live show. Now he's tempted to use it for
blackmail, but fears retaliation. In the meantime, he keeps
his operation quiet by using corrupt cops as enforcers.
Minor threats are arrested for "intent to sell" drugs planted
during the arrest. Serious threats are murdered in jail.

Image: In his 40s, Norm has thinning greased-back
hair and a noticeable beer belly. His wardrobe is remi-
niscent of 1970s disco, replete with thick gold chains.
His voice resembles nothing so much as a New York
cabby mixed with high-pressure car salesman. Norm
has a way of slouching and sweating that makes him
resemble an animated sack of potatoes, but his quick
eyes and clever questions indicate that he's much smarter
than he lets on....

Roleplaying Notes: You try to ingratiate yourself with
most people, but an unwholesome sliminess is apparent in
everything you do. Occasionally, you catch yourself uncon-
sciously leering or scowling. You speak quickly, the words
liberally punctuated with curse words and obscene remarks.
Wipe the sweat off your forehead or scratch yourself oc-
casionally, and get as close to the girls as they'll let you get.

Notes: A Sleeper with no special talents, Norm has a
lot of mundane influence and a fair amount of money, but
not much else of note... other than a video collection that
could make you lose your lunch while simultaneously wreck-
ing half the local government. No dummy, Norm has
backups of the tapes hidden in several safety deposit boxes,
along with secret letters to be opened by his lawyer upon
Norm's disappearance or death. No one, not even Denise,
knows how extensive Norm's failsafes are, but everyone
who knows what he's up to understands how risky his
demise would be....

64 The Orphans Survival Guide

"Oncle" Trevor Seeker

Background: Trevor used to be a hot-for-glory techno-
wizard of the Order of Hermes' up-and-coming House
Thig. There were even whispers that he'd make it to
Doissetep some day. Then the rest of his cabal was cut to
ribbons by parties unknown. Trev, who was out taking
care of some personal business, returned to find his Chantry
a smoking, burned-out shell. Suspected of treason and
collaboration, he left House Thig amid a hail of insults
and a cloud of gossip.

You wouldn't peg Trev as a Hermetic these days. Now
he's more of adrunk veteran. He shows up at Perilous almost
nightly, mumbling war stories to anybody who'll listen (and
plenty who won't). He never dances, but makes up for it by
drinking a lot. "Uncle" Trev's always willing to buy a round
for a stranger off his never-ending roll ‘o bills, too. There's
aprice, though; Anybody looking for free drinks had better
be ready to have their ears bent for an hour or two. Trev
mixes wild fantasies about his own adventures with rather
accurate info about the Ascension War, the Deep Umbra,
Marauders, what have you. (Not that many regulars believe
any of it...)

These days, the extent of Trev's ambition is to
occasionally crawl out of his huge, but slovenly apart-
ment and visit Perilous. There, he's known as a lush
rather than an Errant. Once in a while, he even gets a
chance to give advice to a wet-behind-the-ears orphan.
Trev cherishes these opportunities, but his conversa-
tional track meanders too much for the information to be
particularly intelligible.

Most club patrons think Trevor's just a weird old fart.
He's friendly enough, though, and the free drinks go a long
way toward ingratiating him with all and sundry. Trev's
only real enemy at Perilous is Strange — the two argue
incessantly whenever they run into each other. Occasion-
ally, they even engage in "burnout certémen," in which
drinks spill like rain and bizarre figures take shape out of the
smoke machine's fog. These misty apparitions battle with
each other, blank walls, or random passers by until either
Paradox or the wizards make them disappear.

Errant or not, Uncle Trev's magick still favors the
Hermetic model. Elaborate rituals peppered with glyphs,
Enochian incantations and words of power weave oddly
disconcerting patterns in the smoky club. Theoretically,
Trevor could produce some powerful juju if he really needed
to; after his long and precipitous downward spiral, however,
he might not even be able to ignite a glass of whiskey, let
along the air itself.

Image: Trevor has shoulder-length gray hair and per-
petual stubble. His clothes are strictly army surplus with a
noticeable homeless person edge. Trev's voice sounds like
he's been smoking for too many years, and his complexion
verifies that he has been drinking for too many years.


iS

I SSS GYAN Rwy

Roleplaying Notes: You call everyone you meet either
"kid," "pal," or "brother," slapping them on the back and
starting up long conversations, stranger or no. You can't go
for five minutes without talking about magick and points
related, and once you start on such topics it's impossible to
steer you elsewhere. Even when no one is listening, mumble
about it to yourself as if you're telling a funny story to
another listener.

Notes: In his burned-out state, Trevor sits at the low
end of the Adept scale. Although his Arete (4) and magickal
pirit 3)
should allow him to do more than he does, it's an open

knowledge (Correspondence 1, Forces 3, Prime

question as to whether or not he could do anything more
than stir smoke, alcohol or tricksiof the light

Belladonna Spector

Background: Donna Spector (or "Belladonna," as
she's called) is Denise's chief rival at Perilous, the unoffi-
cial leader of the nameless orphans who don't belong to
Denise's clique. This group has taken the form of a series
of short-lived "magickal recipe groups." Membership is
constantly changing in this informal circle, as new or-
phans join and others leave to pursue other interests.
There is, however, a core group that remains in place,
united by a secret agenda: to protect residents from Norm
and other predators, and to make Chapel Perilous a safer
place in general. Progress is slow on both fronts, and those

"
al
ed
y
th

few members who have been unfortunate enough to at-
tract attention have either been arrested or disappeared.

A latchkey kid, Belladonna grew up on TV and bad
spy novels. She Awoke in the wake of a Mad One's
rampage. When Men in Black showed up to do damage
control, she instinctively understood they were a threat.
Playing dumb during the agents' brief interrogation,
Belladonna took off at the first opportunity. Adjusting to
her new condition was difficult; the only potential tutors
she could find demanded either sex or voluntary enslave-
ment of other sorts. Still, she persevered, studying on her
own and learning (by trial and error) what to do and
what not to do.

She learned politics the same way, going from an near-
outcast to a nominal leader by dint of stubbornness and
charisma. On a trip to Perilous, she was both attracted and
repulsed by the club's powerful mystick overtones. Over
time (and the constant objections of Denise), she has built
up a following of orphans who want to see the most evil
taints of Perilous purged. Only Belladonna's popularity and

magickal skill have kept her alive this long, but things have

a way of changing overnight...

Magickally, Belladonna is subtle and self-taught. Her
rituals favor turn-of-the-century spiritualism mixed with a
bit of social hypnosis (calming the subject through words
and gestures). Every week, she attempts a minor warding on
the club grounds. So far, it has done little good

Chapter III: Crashspace 65

ON OK

K

I

mx 7 |i

IZ

Image: Belladonna dresses exclusively in vintage ‘20s
flapper clothes, and is never without her long cigarette
holder filled with either a hash or tobacco coffin nail. She's
thin, tall and graceful, with large, high cheekbones and a

artling blue eyes blaze from beneath
short, slicked-down black hair — hair Belladonna shapes

melodious voice. $

into artful waves. There's a modest elegance to her move-
ments that conveys sincerity, even when she's dragged into
unpleasant situations (like verbal duels with Denise).

Sool and poised, your demeanor is

Roleplaying Hints:
that of a lady holding court, and your compa

sion is masked
in diplomacy. You know that atrocious things are happen-
ing to kids not much younger than you are, but to act
without subtlety would invite disaster. Verbal fencing is

your forte; even amongst friends, you can carefully steer a
conversation in very revealing directions.

Notes: An Adept of some skill (Arete 5, Life 2, Mind 3,
Prime 2, Spirit 2, Time 3), Belladonna has many Allies (4),
a bit of Influence (2), and high Social Traits (Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 4). Outside the club, she courts

a member of the local skinhead scene, a Sleeper with a lot of
dangerous friends...

Erika Zoticka

Background: Erika's one of the res
rent by working as a sub on Mondays. She's both attractive

dents who covers

and talented, so Norm sees to it that she doesn't run into any
life-threatening abuse on those nights. Erika would rather be
doing almost anything else, but none of her recent inter-
views have panned out, and her limited magickal abilities
don't seem to be too helpful in the cashflow department.

Her childhood was spent fruitlessly attempting to avoid
the verbal abuse of parents. Awakening was largely a process
of withdrawing from the world around her. These days, her
Avatar (a weeping angel) is in the process of drawing Erika
out of her near-Quiet. Unfortunately, the mage is sinking
deeper into the Umbra —a frightening place to be when you
consider the corruption going on within the club. While she
the Gauntlet yet, Erika may
soon wander off into some distant nightmare forever.

doesn't have the ability to cro:

Erika is shy, and her overactive fantasy life has an
unfortunate way of leaking into the few conversations she
has. Additionally, her self-conscious movements and inde-
finable, ethereal presence tend to make people
uncomfortable. This is not the case amongst her Monday

> qualities make her an ideal

night clients; to them, the:
submissive. She dresses

kly enough to be counted as
m her. Oc

dionally;
a pawn in Hollow One social games: In these

goth, but nobody has stepped up to c

she's used

activities, she is tempted out of her shell with the promise of
companionship. After a few days of fighting her natural
shyness, however, Erika inevitably finds herself rewarded by
being left back in the position of pariah. This only strength-

66 The Orphans Survival Guide

ens her inclination to withdraw, and makes her even more

suspicious about overtures of friendship.

Image: Erika wears her mousy brown hair short and
covers her well-formed body in drab, ill-fitting clothes. Her
cute button-nose and almond-shaped eyes retain a childish
innocence. She rarely speaks. When she does, her voice
never raises above a near-whisper (almost inaudible in the
club din). On Monday nights, Ei
hidden glory: She seems transported, almost possessed. An

a's nudity reveals a

intricate black tattoo curves from beneath her breasts and
runs down her belly. A similar design brings out the shape of
her buttocks and adorns her lower back.

Roleplaying Notes: You can't help but blend into the
background. By hovering at the periphery of other peoples'

discussions, you've become privy to many secrets. It hasn't
really occurred to you to pass any of this information on, but
some of the details do occasionally work their way into your
fantasy life. In your tentative attempts at conversation, you
tend to fidget and look at the floor. You often change subject
mid-sentence to topics such as rainbows or dreams about
being able to fly.

Notes: Although possessed of a low Arete and a bit of
Spirit and Prime magick (both at 2), Erika could hardly be

called a mage. Untaught and unguided, Erika's "magic

entirely intuitive, focused through dreams and trace-states.
Sometimes, while dancing or "performing," she opens her-
self to spirit possession. At those times, she acquires whatever
characteristics the "guest" wishes to employ. Several ghosts,
Banes and even her long-suffering Avatar sometimes mani-
fest, making Erika far more than the mousy girl she often
appears to be. See The Living Bridge Effect in Mage, p. 219,
and the Puppetry Arcanos in Wraith: The Oblivion, pp.
158-159, for details about possession. While she cannot
manifest The Spirit Bridge consciously, Erika is a natural

Consort for Puppetry and other forms of spirit-riding.

Strange

Background: Mages are known for their eccentricities,
but Strange is definitely an odd one for the breed. One gets
the definite impression that when he talks about having
tried tot
names, but goes into detail about the power structures of

> over the world he isn't joking. He doesn't name

various international corporations, religions and govern-
ments, and describes methods of influencing each. Listening
to him, it's easy to go into a trance, a willing suspension of
disbelief and accept the idea that Strange once quietly stood
on the edge of global domination. A few clubgoers have
asked him why he doesn't make another bid for rulership.
His answer is always a vehement denial of interest in such an
endeavor. He is similarly dismissive when asked about the
possibility of re-launching his musical career. In fact, when
fans approach him with compliments, his favorite reply is,
"Oh, are you the one who bought the album, then?"


The Phenomenal Rise and Fall of Strange

Back in the 1970s, in that odd time between the fading of glam and the birth of punk, there
was a band called Strange Therapy. They combined the best elements of both musical styles
with many quirks of their own. Fronted by Strange (no known first name), who also wrote all
the songs and provided some bits of guitar and keyboards, the band's music was driven by
electric violin, bass and drums. Their music invoked a swirling miasma of dark, electronic layers
embellished with Classical riffs from a heavily treated violin. Strange's lyrical imagery focused
on insanity, emotional decay, and a frantic interpretation of life. They were then, and are to
this day, unique in the musical world.

Strange himself was fated to be much more than a pop singer with angst in his soul and
delusions of grandeur. Following the release of the band's second album, a turning point
occurred. Strange Therapy's management arranged to have the launch show of the tour
recorded for broadcast. Tensions and excitement ran high. Strange began complaining of
crippling headaches and recurring nightmares — "often transpiring whilst I'm awake."

The show began well enough. Those who survived (and could recall the experience)
described it as the group's most wildly intense performance. It would be their final performance
as well. During the fifth song, "The Others Have Gone," Strange fell into an apparent seizure.
What he felt was an explosion of agony behind his eyes, as his brain forced him through a vision
of conquest that ended with his downfall and execution.

In the wake of his vision, Strange went mad. The resulting surge of metaphysical power caused
the spontaneous combustion of most of the electrical equipment in the area. The cameras and film
were utterly destroyed. Anamplifier exploded, killing bassist Urban Madness, and injuringdrummer
Jack Dragon. Falling light fixtures injured a dozen audience members and killed two, and a
soundman was permanently deafened by the feedback. Strange was reduced toa blathering heap of
insanity, and carted off to an institution. The press claimed faulty wiring was to blame, and that
Strange, in his sensitive state, had simply heard and reacted to the deadly feedback first.

Strange, meanwhile, was pronounced insane, and spent the next two years in one of
England's fine mental-health facilities. The incarceration may have been a blessing. The cool,
dark quietness forced him inside his own mind, and he formed his own path therein. Behind
his eyes, he observed a phenomenal story: He, Strange, cult popstar and lunatic, would finesse
his way into political power, and come very close to uniting Europe under a single leader —him!
Then it would end; he would be deposed, arrested, executed, then the dream would end.

Eventually, he could control the yisions, learn the details of his own plans, and watch
closely for the points where he would make mistakes. Aftera time, the screaming stopped. And
so after two years, he was released.

Appallingly, knowing full well the outcome, he set his plan in motion! He manipulated the
minds of the politicians, the hearts of the people. He was a new entity without fault or past, and he
made it appear that he was the hope of the future. Until someone saw through him. It fell apart
swiftly, brutally. Strange disappeared in a sleek gray car, and politically was never heard from again.

He spent many years living in a bordello in Paris, speaking quietly to the women between
their shifts. Later, he returned to England and opened a floating cabaret, which returned the
music world's attention to him.

Meanwhile, the old Strange Therapy albums were bought by Dark Isis music and repackaged
into a double CD release. To support the reissue, a tour was booked with a new band. The surviving
original ST members refused to have anything to do with Strange. The U.S. tour was a surprise
success. The new material was received enthusiastically; even the "elder statesmen" of music
criticism agreed that Strange's new work demonstrated a riveting world vision.

Following the tour, Strange remained in the States, These days, he can be found regularly
at the Chapel Perilous nightclub. Although he will not seek out companionship or conversa-
tion, he engages in it when offered. If asked about the incident in Europe, he merely rubs the
bridge of his nose beneath his shades. He is rumored to be recording new work for Dark Isis, and
sometimes performs solo shows at local clubs, accompanying himself on piano.


a. yy K-

An incorrigible chain smoker, Strange is fond of saying
that cigarettes are chock-full of vitamins. He talks about
Strange Therapy, the band he fronted in the ‘70s, like it was
yesterday. He clams up when people mention that the
album was recently reprinted. He'll go on interminably
about ancient history; it's just the future that's a bugaboo.

Strange doesn't seem to notice most of the social
Darwinism that occurs around him when he deigns to come
down from his tower and visit the rest of the club. The
exception is Trevor Seeker, who gets his goat without even
trying. Club regulars speculate that the enmity between
them stems from unwelcome competition in the tall-tale-
telling department — or a secret crush. (They do seem to
carry on like an old married couple.) Both of them are a few
cactly
why they hate each other. For whatever reason, it always

cards shy of a full deck, so it's impossible to be sure e

stops short of violence, though both hurl the most creative
threats at each other...

Magickally, Strange seems almost intuitive. Obviously,
he possesses years of occult study, and his gestures and incan-
tations (often Hermetic in nature) betray a practiced grace.
Still, he rarely needs tools to work his Arts — they appear
upon command, and sometimes display startling imagination.
In his tower, it is said that he conjures ghosts and demons,
feeding them with the souls of the conquests he occasionally
leads up those stairs. When asked, he merely smiles charm-
ingly and asks if you would like to see for yourself...

68 The Orphans Survival Guide

Strange is over six and a half feet tall and razor

Image
thin. His cigarette and shades are constant companions,
indoors or out. Black T-shirts or turtlenecks and dress pants
are his usual clothes, often covered by a trenchcoat and
fedora. His English accent lends a bit of style and charm to
his usual bitter expression.

Roleplaying Hints: Always mumble through your ciga
rette when you talk. Your speech, slurred though it is,
remains gracefully British. Most of that talk concerns con
spiracy theories — usually a few notes short of the full
"truth" of the matter: "The Technocracy doesn't know it,
but UFOs are bio-engineered X-File alien-looking creatures
that some Technocrats cooked up for God knows what
reason. They're trying to get a hold of the orbital mind-
control lasers to make the tabloids print their papers with an
LSD-laced ink...."

Boasting about your history is another favorite conver
sational bid. However, you refuse to discuss future plans. In
fact, you try to avoid even contemplating future plans. Occa
sionally, though, you catch yourself dreaming of recapturing
past glories.

Notes: A self-Awakened mage of high Adept power,
Strange has an Arete of 6, Mind and Spirit of 4, and some
talent with Correspondence (3), Entropy (2), Life (2), and
Time (3). Those talents, complemented by his powerful
Charisma (4), good looks (Appearance 4) and wit (Eti-
quette 3), scare the hell out of Denise. While she finds him


almost irresistible, he blows her off like smoke from his

Strange drifts along the edges of Quiet most of the

cigarette;
time, and his hobgoblins often manifest as ectoplasm in his

room... or, occasionally, around the club.

Silver (a.k.a. Rose Argent)

Background: Silver is known to be a veteran of the
original gothic/ new romantic music scene, though rumor
places her subculture origins to well before that era. She has
a love/hate relationship with the whole club scene, but an

obvious affection for the kids enmeshed within it. She rarely
ever visits Chapel Perilous, but when she does, many of the
regulars flock to her table. They remember her from what she

refers to as her "chronic club days," or from conversations

with her elsewhere. Silver detests Norm; when she's at the

Chapel, she fastidiously ignores him, despite his oiliest at-
up to her. Denise is uncomfortable around

tempts to cozy
Silver; although she wouldn't dare harm the elder, she refers
to her at every opportunity as "that old lady." No one knows
where Silver actually resides, but those who wish to visit with
her can find her via the Bag 0" Beans, a nearby coffee house.

An "elder mage" according to local gossip, Silver has

lived through the birth and demise of a variety of subcul-
tures. She's also experienced the grief of losing too many
friends to the "on the edge" lifestyle that so often accompa-
nies subculture. An idealist beneath her cynical veneer, she
tries to steer newcomer kids in what she considers to be a
more positive direction, away from Norm Burns' sleaziness
and Denise's artificial social hierarchy.

Silver does have one secret — a crush on Strange.
Strange himself is only vaguely aware of her feelings, and is
a little uncomfortable around her.

Image: Silver appears to be in her early 20s, but is
actually much older. The gothic influence is inherent in
Silver's style, but she plays it uniquely, eschewing unre-
lieved black as she blends jewel-toned velvets with touches
of glitter. Her multi-hued hair swirls uncontrolled around
her pale face, framing meticulously painted eyes. If Denise
is Egypt, Silver is Babylon.

Roleplaying Hints: (See also
everyone except Norm. You're fully aware of the social games
enacted around you, but care little for them — it's all quite

hapter I.) Be sweet to almost

foolish, and there are other more important things to be consid-
ered. You prefer to relish the beauty of the night, though you're
relentlessly aware of its murderous side, too. You're especially
sympathetic to any little gothling who's having a particularly
cruel evening. You'll dance, but only to music you truly adore
classic bands like Bauhaus and the Sisters of Mercy.

Notes: In game terms, Silver is a low-level Master,
with more Arete (6) than raw power. Although her talents

with mental and spiritual spells are impressive (Mind and
Spirit 4), she rarely uses them. Ina pinch, she can whip up
storms (Forces 4), heal injuries (Life 3) and conjure
Etheric forces (Prime 2). Again, however, she rarely does.

IN

Instead, she prefers to let people around her do as they
will, and lets the currents of fortune take her where they
will. (Her Entropy 2 or Time 2 divination spells don't

hurt, though...)

Solomon Gray

Background: Councilman Solomon Gray is by no
means the most famous of the politicians who attend the
Chapels private parties; he is, however, amongst the most
influential. He has run unopposed in the last three elections.
His record in office appears to be a shining example for
others to follow, and the reported crime rate in his ward has
dropped to record lows.

Solomon's success is paid for in human blood and
suffering. He has run unopposed because his political oppo-
nentsare blackmailed, threatened into compliance, orinjured

in "accidents." Threats often involve having people kid-
napped, gagged, tossed into open graves, and partially buried.
Solomon's connections with both corrupt cops and the Mob
ensure that other criminal elements can be forced out with

brutal efficiency, while Mafia activities are ignored.

For some time, Solomon has been content with his
position as a councilman. A higher position would attract
unwanted scrutiny. Instead of seeking promotion, this "ser-
vant of the people" consolidates his influence over city and

state government officials through cash, blackmail and,

occasionally, police triggermen or Mob extortion experts.
The councilman displays his personal sadism, normally

only enacted by proxy, at Chapel Perilous. He has personally

injured or killed nearly two dozen Perilous kids while indulg-

ing his cruel lusts. The injured are sent to a nigh-medieval

street doctor. The deceased are dropped down the chute to
the waiting things below.

Image: Solomon is in his late 50s, and has a gentle,
grandfatherly appearance and demeanor. His hair, though
white, shows no signs of balding. It is his eyes, however, that
convey the Councilman's vitality. His movements are mea-
sured, mature but confident, and his voice carries with the
surety of a man who understands power, emotion, and the
of each.

uses (and abuses

Roleplaying Notes: The amiable, competent mask you
wear before the public is unflappable. You can flawlessly become
the center of attention when it suits your purposes, or effectively
remain in the background. Outside the public eye, you're a
calculating and sadistic tyrant. You politely demand total com-
pliance from those around you, and keep plenty of people on
hand to give "reminders" to those who attempt to test their reins.

Notes: There's nothing supernatural about Solomon
arismatic politician with lots of skills,

— he's a simple, if
resources, Allies, Influence and Ties. Even so, he'sa bad man
to fuck with; between his personal stubbornness (Willpower
7), political influence, underworld connections and social
popularity, he can make life extraordinarily unpleasant for
anyone he dislikes... no matter who they might be.

Chapter III: Crashspace 69

Ni


I "ZN

NE a |

Other Important Places

Wise blood, the sky's on fire

Away, away

— Oysterband, "We Shall Come Home"

Any place can be important in the shad-
owy dealings of the Awakened —coffee shops,

drive-ins, cemeteries, even movie theaters

provide meeting places for magi, particularly
self-Awakened ones with no better place to

call home. The following places provide a
brief look at some of the more famous night spots in this
twilight world; although their "regulars" have been hinted
at, most of them are left to the Storyteller's discretion. The
best tales, after all, are peopled by the characters you create.

The Heights

Situated in the penthouse of an uptown New York
al Park, the Heights

is just the place for the wealthy and fashionable amongst

high-rise with a stunning view of Cent

the Awakened to mix and mingle over Bombay Sapphire
martinis and fine cigars. A modern-day salon is exactly
what Lenora Farucci was

going for when she opened the
place. Having never identified with the hard-edged un-
derground scene, Miss Farucci established the salon for
other jet-setters like herself. In recent days, however, she
has relaxed the rules slightly to include anyone who
wishes to come up and mix and mingle with the well-
heeled guests.

The Heights' popularity can be attributed to many
sources. The parties thrown there are legendary, chock-full
of celebrities both magickal and mundane. Rumors abound
that this particular penthouse served as the operating

headquarters of the Associates. For many visitors, coming
tothe Heights is like journeying to Mecca. There's acertain
mysterious draw, something even Lenora Farucci herself
cannot explain. The place has a powerful, invisible aura of
accumulated energy, an egregore built up over the course of
several years. Although the penthouse is not a Node in
itself, it shares the blaz

ing€nergy and powerful Resonance
ofamagickal nexus. Anyone aware enough to sense mystickal
currents can feel the spark of vitality that blazes through the
place, day or night. Outside the room, however, that spark
has been shielded by powerful wards. Like the Waydown,

The Height:

rumor to e

are renowned to all the right people anda mere
ryone else.

On atypical evening at The Heights, you can find non-
aligned mages trading stories, comparing notes, sharing
spells and, generally, having a good time. The atmosphere
is lively but not overpowering. A jazz band usually plays the
although from time to time Lenora brings in a good
acoustic rock band. It's a place to see and be seen, a place
that encourages its Awakened patrons to be glamorous and

cle

SiC:

70 The Orphans Survival Guide

classy. As such, there's a pretty strict dress code: Ladies
appear in their most dramatic evening wear, and men often
sport well-cut, designer suits. Don't be surprised if you think
you see a vampire or two; this is one of the few places where
they're welcome to mix and mingle with magickal soci-

ety.

. so long as they behave.
The Starling building, located on the northern perim-
eter of Central Park, is a sight to behold in its own right. A

modern building constructed in the old art-deco style, the
tower sports sensuous lines, curves and frosted glass. The
interior doors are reproductions of famous Frank Lloyd
-in with the

Wright stained-glass creations. After a chec!
doorman, a guest is ushered into the lobby. There, the
maitre d' hotel personally escorts you to the private elevator.
A 37-story trip later, the doors open up to a large foyer
where you can hand your coat off to the valet, then it's
through the ornate double doors and onto the landing of a
sweeping double staircase.

From here, you have a great view of the main room
below and a stunning view of the city through the floor-to-
ceiling windows. Walking down either side of the staircase
takes you to the main floor. There, a fashionable arrange-
ment of couches, chairs and coffee tables awaits, accented
by standing lamps, various pieces of artwork and plant
arrangements. A huge built-in bookshelf runs across the
far-left wall, filled with a vast collection of works.

To the right, you can see the fully appointed kitchen
and dining area. Down corridors to either side of the
stairways sit private rooms where visitors may stay if they're
seeking sanctuary, if they're new in town, or otherwise too
tired, drunk, or stoned to leave. A "rent" of favors (the
longer the stay, the bigger and more elaborate the services)
keeps the place from becoming a flophouse.

If you're lucky, you might be invited into the secret
study, reached through a revolving section in the wall.
Within, a visitor may partake of fine cigars and vintage
brandy. Despite the elaborate decor and air of privilege,
there isn't anything especially valuable in the study. The

exclusivity of the place is desirable enough.

Aside from the Sleeper hotel staff and a few skillful
consors, there aren't any "regulars" as such. Noted magi
(see Chapter IV) often visit, however, along with what-
ever famous (or infamous) characters seem most

appropriate to the Storyteller. Although The Heights

a
neutral, open area, a strict air of decorum and code of
honor keeps things from getting out of hand. To date, no
one has ruined Lenora Farucci's wonderful gift. Everyone
who attends the parties realizes what a good thing they
have. Anyone threatening that good thing would surely
call down the wrath of some of the most powerful orphans
— and their friends — in the land.


NY

IN

TIT TITTTTTT

J
ll S\_ ZZ

The Majestic Cafe

In 1957, the Majestic movie palace closed its doors
forever. That same year, Arthur Smith opened up a small
He bought the old "Majestic"

diner in the East Village.

marquee sign at an auction, and installed the extravaga:
of neon and flashing lights above the diner, where it's been
ever since.

Essentially, the Majestic is your typical hole in the wall
cookin' and the coffee's

diner, where breakfast is alway
always fresh and hot. Arthur Smith, Jr. (or "Artie," as
everyone calls him) is the cook and present owner. H

's got
a real soft spot for a kid down on his luck and in need of a
good meal. The booths, although showing signs of age, are
nice and comfy, and the tables are usually clean. The food

is tolerable, neither good enough to make the place famous,
nor bad enough to send regulars running to the toilets. It's
the kind of place that seems to say, "Sit down, relax, and
stay a while." It's also pretty incongruous with the rest of its
surroundings. Maybe that's what draws so many people,
mundane and magickal, to its doors.

By day, the Majestic's shiny chrome exterior stands out
against the drab, smutty grayness that pervades the sur-
rounding streets. By night, the bright lights of the old movie
marquee make it shine like a beacon. It shines to the
Awakened for other reasons: Old Art Smith was no fool. He
could have built his diner anywhere in New York, but for
some reason, the little run-down corner in the Village was

the only place that spoke to him. Some say he might have

beer Awakened, sind others postulate chat hewassimplya
Sleeper with a natural ability to sense magickal networks.
Regardless of the explanation, regulars agree that stepping
into the Majestic is like diving into a swimming pool in the
dead of summer: cool, refreshing, and invigorating — no
wonder so many lost souls seek sanctuary within its walls.

The

"Cockroach" Dave (otherwise known as the Mad Poet) is

's a grand parade of regulars at the Majestic:

the Majestic's very own artist-in-residence. During the day,

he works the grill with Artie. At night, he sits at the counter
writing his verse. Darlene, the head waitress, goes back to
the kitchen at 4:00 PM sharp every day to make fresh
crullers for Officer Avery, the local beat cop, who eats them
with his cup of coffee at five. Joe's the strong but silent
doorman of sorts who comes in around sunset and doesn't
Other
folks, Awakened and otherwise, hunker down in the com-

leave until the sunlight is streaming in the window:

forting confines of the diner, sometimes to eat, sometimes
to meet, but most often, just to rest.

The diner is L-shaped, and wraps around the corner of

an old apartment complex. Booths run in twin lines along
the windows; in the "leg" of the "L," a counter extends the
length of the longer section, intersected by a couple of cash
registers and napkin holders.

The Majestic shows its age badly. The leather on most
of the counter seats has cracked and worn, exposing the

Chapter III: Crashspace 71

NO? Ail

yellowing foam beneath, but the chrome still shines as
brightly as ever. While the counter section is pretty well-lit,
the booths in the back of the diner lie shrouded in a dim
haze. The restrooms leave a good deal to be desired; be-
tween the lack of soap, the gritty paper towels and the
ancient plumbing and fixtures, most visitors prefer to wait
until later. Despite the wear, however, the diner feels like
home. For some of the place's more down-and-out clien-
tele, "home" is as good a word for the place as any.

Devotion House

Life on the streets can be lethal for anyone, self-
Awakened or not. Crime, addiction and exploitation thrive
in forgotten alleys. Pimps, con artists, gangs, hustlers and
other parasites prowl the fetid avenues searching for a
certain look: the wide-eyed, fearful runaway, the newcomer,
the bait. Even if a young person ev

des these solo predators,
far deadlier ones lie in wait, be they members of organized

ctime or random psychos. Each stalker specializes in a

certain type of prey: the new arrival, the foster home
runaway, the starstruck actor wannabe — and even the
newly Awakened.

Shelters, halfway houses and similar organizations ex-
ist to help those persons suddenly forced into a life on the
streets. The self-Awakened, however, require the sort of
help that far outstrips the resources of such organiz:

tio

Enemies operate on a much higher level in the magickal
realm. For an orphan to guard against such foes, her allies
must be on an equal plane.

Devotion House, a sort of "shelter" exclusively for

orphans, acts as one such ally.

Built froma four-story Boston

brownstone, the House came about as the brainchild of one
Edmond Devotion, a former caseworker for the Depart-
ment of Youth Services in Boston. Devotion specialized in

cases with particularly troublesome offenders, juveniles

who rejected all conventional attempts to place them in
foster homes or shelters. Because he possessed a singular
propinquity with such youths, Edmond Devotion tended to
get his pick of hopeless cases

cases that he always closed.
What no one (not even Devotion) knew was that the vast
majority of his charges were, in fact, orphans floating
through the foster system, self-Awakened kids who gravi-
tated to Devotion for some small portion of guidance and
security. It was his connection to these young outcasts that
marked the first steps of Edmond's own Awakening.
When that moment arrived, Edmond Devotion left
the DYS and hung out his own shingle, in order to give
his "kids" and other wayward orphans a place safer than

the streets. He sold his car, put his house on the market
and scraped together enough cash to purchase an old
halfway shelter in the heart of Boston's mean stree!

Edmond's "kids," learning of their old friend's new enter-
prise, flocked to the shelter, which soon became known
as Devotion House.

72 The Orphans Survival Guide

To the outside world, Devotion House operates as a

shelter of last resort, a place where "tough love" is standard
procedure. In truth, the House is a waystation and semi-
permanent residence for newly aware orphans whose only
alternative is the abattoir of the streets. Edmond Devotion
runs the House with the help of a handful of his oldest,
most-trusted residents, searching for and taking in self-
Awakened drifters. "Devotees," as Edmond's assistants call
themselves, regularly patrol the many neighborhoods in the
city, gleaning orphans and orphans-to-be from the street
populations. As all of Edmond's Devotees are former street
children themselves, they know all the traps and entice-
ments used by the wolves of the urban landscape.

Most young people who end up at Devotion House
have already gone through the worst the streets have to
offer — addiction, prostitution, rape porno — before they
self-Awakened. Even though Devotion and his cadre un-
derstand these young victims' need for revenge, they also
understand how dangerous it would be to have unskilled,
angry kids blasting away at the night with uncontrolled
powers. Devotion's constant nightmare concerns Sherri T,
a young orphan who destroyed herself trying to strike back
at her former tormentors. Edmond and his Devotees pledge
that every person who comes through the door learns to
harness her power before pursuing any personal agenda.

Such promises can be difficult to keep. Turnover at
Devotion House is relatively high, and the amount of
guidance Edmond and his staff can impart to the average
hateful, disoriented orphan fluctuates. A few orphans stay
at the House just long enough to learn how not to fry
themselves; the minute they figure out how their magick
works, they're off to wreak vengeance (and undoubtedly
havoc) on anyone in sight. Devotees try to rein in such wild
cards, but they're not always successful. An orphan in
Devotion House can be her own worst enemy. Naturally,
these loose cannons are but one of many threats to Devo-
tion House. Apart from the street gangs, pimps, cult-leaders,
chickenhawks and organized criminals who're looking to
get their "investments" back, other entities try to pull
Edmond's "kids" back into the dark whirlwind.

Project AMEND, Hardcare and
Cultbusters

One such entity is Project AMEND, a non-profit
organization dedicated to :pulling kids :off the:streets,
"deprogramming" them, and sending them back to Mom
and Dad in a more compliant, "normal" state. Wildly
popular in an age of media violence and family instability,
Project AMEND takes teenagers into "safe houses" and
councils them with peer pressure (not to mention st
sleep depravation, marathon harangues and the oc
beating). Although most "clients" are signed into the
Project by their parents, some are snatched off the street in

me,

sional

"Hardcare Interventions"; with the parents' consent, a


n

vanload of Brothers and Sisters visits the client's usual
haunts, jumps him, tosses him in the back of the van, and
takes him toacare facility. Ifhe resists, they tie him up, drug
him or even beat him senseless with rubber clubs. After all,
it's for his own good.

Behind a maze of bureaucracy, P.R. and government
endorsements, the Association for the Maximization of
Education and the Neutralization of Deviance is a Tech-
nocracy-fronted "reeducation" center for wild youth. While
the staffers, councilors and Brothers and Sisters of the
Project are usually Sleepers (often "reprogrammed" kids
who went through a bad phase but were saved by AMEND),
the Union keeps close tabs on "special ca s" (read: Awak-
ened teens), especially ones with "occults fixations" or
"Satanic practices." If noted, deeply disturbed clients (read:
orphans) are tagged for "Cultbuster Therapy" and sent to
NWO Constructs for reeducation and study. While the
Cultbuster program actually does weed out a few of the
more-dangerous orphans, it treats all clients equally: trans-
portation, mind-wipes, intensive mental conditioning, and
finally either release (often as part of a Technocratic sting
operation) or containment (at the Deep Universe Con-
struct MECHA).

Project AMEND is a recent arrival on the scene, but
has already proven to be a thorn in the side of lone orphans
and Devotion House alike. Backed by a multimillion dollar
PSA campaign ("AMEND the hurts. AMEND the scars.

AMEND your child back to sanity," and "Cultbusters! Erase
the Devil!"), AMEND's representatives visit schools, police
precincts, community centers and town meetings through-
out North America, promising parents that AMEND will
get theirkids back. Such parents know nothing of AMEND's
real nature, and probably wouldn't care if they did, so long
as AMEND gets their children off the streets — or out of
dubious shelters like Devotion House.

The Waydown

Like there's anyone who's anyone who hasn't heard of
the infamous crib of the Hollow Ones! Wannabes search for
the place in the foggy San Francisco nights. Cops trace
rumors of Satanic celebrations, but never come across their
source. Agents of the Technocracy and Traditions keep
trying to infiltrate the place, to find out what beats at the
heart of the Darkling Clique, but aside from a few reputed
visits, no one, from streetwise hackers to ancient wizards, has
been able to crack the code of silence that surrounds this
famous Chantry.

There are reasons for this. To start with, no one who
frequents the Waydown would spoil the party. Everyone
who's on the guest list prizes exclusivity, so nobody wants
"the wrong elements" to bring the place down. Sure, every
so often an outsider might be brought along fora night if she
seems pretty, clueful or interesting enough. Those people
are usually brought through a maze first, however, so they'll

Chapter III: Crashspace 3


Ba Ms oe
rite?
RS

The Orphans Survival Guide

Ve

never be able to find the place again. Then there are the
wards, all set by master sorcerers and placed so as to obscure
the presence of the club. The Waydown moves a lot, too.
Rarely is it held in the same place twice in a row. Just in case
someone does manage to find his way to the club, a pack of
spirits waits just around the corner. If shit goes down, the
backup arrives with orders to kill first and ask questions later.

Like any club, the Waydown does have a few constants.
No matter where it "arrives," the club's doors always open
somewhere in or around San Francisco. Although any
Hollow mage is welcome there, a single cabal dominates the
scene: the "Waydowners," or Waydown Vitkae (see Chap-
ter IV), who run the place, maintain the wards, screen the
guests, and make sure everything stays cool. It goes without
saying that the club's interior is extraordinarily Gothik, with
ornate candelabras, fine wines, eerie tapestries, and a top-
notch light-and-sound system. (Supplied with all the best
goth, techno, ambient and darkwave, with a hint of indus-
trial for flavor. And yes, the deejay takes requests.) So
intricate are the furnishings and so perfect is the atmosphere
that rumors insist the Vitkae simply cart the place around in
a portable Realm. No matter where the club winds up, its
interior is always set up perfectly.

Attendance is by invitation only, for the most part.
Mortals, magi and other entities are welcome, so long as the
Vitkae approve. Darklings in good standing with the cabal
receive directions to the new location one night before its
next appearance. Hollowers with homes get their invita-
tions through e-mail, or in letters which mysteriously arrive
before morning. Darklings without homes "coincidentally"
discover fliers, maps or the occasional engraved invitation.
From there, it's each person's choice whether or not to
attend; Hollowers who ignore more than two engraved
invitations, however, never receive a third. Occasionally,
fliers will be left laying around the most fashionable Bay
Area clubs, summoning mortals to dance at a new and
anonymous club. The response to such fliers is so profound
that new club owners have taken to using the same approach
to bring in business (which naturally obscures the Waydown's
reallocation even further). Still, there's only one Waydown;
you can feel the difference when you step through the doors
and enter the shroud of fog.

The fog marks the threshold between the mortal world
and the Darklings' kingdom. Visiting magi claim itscrambles
your sense of direction, unhinges your sense of time, and
loosens your inhibitions. Within the swirling dreamland,
graceful figures spin and waltz like spectral ballerinas. Music
rises from the floor, cascades from the ceiling, and presses in
from all sides, permeating you like smoke, working its way
into your bones. A massive dance floor, lit by candelabras,
dominates the main chamber, but half-a-dozen smaller
rooms and alcoves radiate back from the bar. Couches, low
tables and tapestries furnish these recesses with archaic
splendor, and a small but well-lit stage plays host to the

occasional concert, torture garden or fetish show. Although
the accouterments are modern, the setting evokes a bygone
Byronian decadence. The harsh props of punk and industrial
clubs are forsaken here; in the Waydown, grace is the rule.

That rule applies to visitors, too. Although they appre-
ciate a taste for high living (or living death, as the case may
be), the Vitkae have a remarkably low tolerance for bullshit.
The founding sorcerers keep a staff of over a dozen consors,
allies and hangers-on; together, they can eject nearly any-
one short of a major demonic entity (and have even booted
a few of them, too). Anyone unwise enough to misbehave
and misguided enough to survive the experience will have
the spirit pack set on his tail. Lesser offenders are simply
excluded from the club; snubbed publicly and privately.
These lame individuals are barred from the Waydown for as
many incarnations as it takes for them to get the hint. Cool
is the word in the Waydown, and that word is enforced by
magick, manners and social exile.

How old is the Waydown? Rumors place the club's
foundation somewhere in the early ‘80s, but Darkling elders
insist it descends from the Unseen Society's manor, or even
from some secret garden or Hellfire Club. In its present state,
the club originated as a collaboration between Neville
Sinclair and two long-vanished partners, Shalandra and
Morpheus D. People like to claim that Rozz Williams wrote
much of Only Theatre of Pain in the old club, scribbling
furiously in one of the alcoves, or that Andrew Eldritch was
kicked out for throwing up all over a bartender. For the last
few years, the current Vitkae has run the show, delegating
the lesser chores to consors while taking care of the social
scene. Thus, the club's "openings" depend on the cabal's
mood oractivities. Although the Waydown usually opens at
least twice a month, it has been known to "disappear" for up
to three months at a time. During such absences, the Bay
Area nights grow much duller, and the scenesters whisper
that perhaps this time, the famous Waydown has finally
closed its door:

Some evening, they'll be right. Till then, the revels continue.

Chapter III: Crashspace 5

Y
7S

ID.WWH,


Y

"i agg

Ae


g

WX OD

Chapter IV:
The Chosen

Nobody asked me, but here's my advice
For a young man or woman living this life
In a world gone to hell

Where nobody's safe

Do not go quietly unto your grave
— Morphine, "Do Not Go Quietly Unto Your Grave"

The sensations of the rape are beside the
L} point. Only a ghoul would want to hear about
Fy them in the first place. The point is, I remember
everything — each grunt, each thrust, the taste of

the blood in my mouth.... You get the picture

The worst tpartis, I could read their minds as
they did it. No, actually, the worst part is that I
could feel what they felt, hear what they thought,
and add those wonderful sensations to my own
thoughts, feelings and total fucking violation. That was years ago,
and I still wash myself till I bleed every morning. No matter what,
I still feel like a condom dragged from a faggot' s ass

Did I avenge myself, you wonder? Did I come back after I
learned how to control the magick, and turn them into charcoal? No,
I didn't.

No matter what they did, I can't hurt my brothers. After all,
they're family

Rise Above

Check it out: Not all orphans are Hollow Ones!!! Not all
orphans are goths!!! Not all orphans run around in face paint and
attitude, listening to the Sisters, and they sure as shit do not moan
about "ascension wars," the Wyrm, Sphere magick and Kindred
politics! Each one is an individual, blessed or cursed with self-
Awakening. Very few of them know any of the details of arcane
conspiracies, and even fewer of them care. There's some truth in

the stereotype — the folks in question do tend to be rebelsub
refugees looking foracause—but THEY RENOT ALLGOTHS!!

Are we clear yet? Cool.

Two threads unite the disparate company of modern or-
phans: the vision and power of the Awakening, and the defiance
of fate that keeps them going in a world where society, sanity and
reality itself have left them behind. The following templates are
merely ghosts in a large haunted mansion. Ultimately, an orphan
is whoever she wants to be.

Chapter IV: The Chosen Few 77


Self-Competitor

Prelude: Everybody thought you were just a good kid... a bit competitive, but hey, you
were ambitious. It wasn't good enough to outdo other students; you had to constantly outdo
yourself.

When you first started studying martial arts, you had never seen Kung Fu or the Karate
Kid movies. Philosophy and meditation weren't important — you just wanted to keep from
getting the crap beat out of you. With fanatical determination, you honed your body and
mastered the arts, growing into an introverted, perpetually annoyed young man with no
illusions and a strong streak of perfectionism.

Growing up was easy compared to the tasks you set for yourself. Eventually, you settled
on teaching martial arts at a local school. After a particularly late, exhausting night, you
finally realized that there are no limits. Constant improvement is your reward for unceasing

practice and patience. Teaching others what you know is just a sideline. For you, the real
joy is taking that next step and helping others discover just how far they can go, too.
Someday, you'll break the barriers of humanity and push yourself beyond human compre-
hension. Maybe a few lucky students will follow in your wake.

Concept: Awakening didn't change your life that much; you just suddenly figured out
that all that crap about "stress tolerance limits" was wrong. Pushing yourself to the limit,

you finally crossed that line between human and more-than-human. Although you aren't
the best martial artist in the world, you have a sense of perseverance and dedication few
can match. Martial arts are just a means of challenging yourself.

Occasionally, other mysticks try to talk to you about the "ascension war" and other
philosophical crap. Whatever. Other magi just don't understand your need to internalize
your efforts; to them, there's a whole war for reality out there. Well, once you expand

your consciousness and being to encompass all that reality, you'll work on it. In the
meantime, you're going to redline this meat body until something gives.

Roleplaying Hints: Internalization is your greatest tool. Nothing's worth re-
marking upon unless it impacts on you directly; even then, you're as likely to walk
away as to change things. People don't understand your drive, and you can't
understand why other people don't get off their asses and do something for
themselves. You may not be the best of the best, but you always give everything your

maximum effort.

Magick: Magick is an exercise in discipline and control. Expanding your
body past normal human limits is just the start; you expand your mind as well.
External effects — affinities for Forces and Matter, for instance — are simply
by-products of your own self-development. You have a hard time affecting
things you can't touch. To you, magick springs from inside.

Equipment: Loose clothing, running shoes, fighting knives (licensed),

jogger's weights.


Player:
Chronicle:

SUR V=I=V-AUl aU be

MAGE: The Ascension™

Nature: fanatic

Essence: Questing
Demeanor: Director

=

Concept: Self-Competiton ~_
Mentor:

Affiliation: Nene

Physical Social Mental
Strength__Pewerul @@@@O Charisma @@000 Perception @e@e@00
Dexterity____ —~=~=~=@®@®OOO = = Manipulation____ @®OO0 Intelligence. @@000
Stamina__Tougk @@@@O Appearance_____ @®@OOO Wits. @e@000
EE —_———————————

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@000 Do OOOOO — Computer. OOO00O
Athletics Martial Art, @@@@O Drive. @0000 = Cosmology. OOO00O
Awareness. OOOOO _ Etiquette. OOO0O0O = Culture. @@000
Brawl__Tei Kwan Do @@@@O = Firearms. @0000 Enigmas OOOOO
Dodge @@000 Leadership, 00000 Investigation, 00000
Expression, OOOOO- Meditation__2e» @@@@O Law. OO0000
Instruction, @@000 = Melee. @@000 Linguistics Mandarin OOOO
Intuition, OOOOO _ Research. OOOOO Lore. OOO0O0O
Intimidation. @@000 Stealth @0000 = Medicine @e@000
Streetwise OOOOO - Survival @0000 = Occult OOO00O0
Subterfuge. OOO0OO Technology. OOOOO Science. 00000

Correspondence. OOO00O
Entropy. OOO00O0
Forces @@000

Backgrounds

Life
Mind
Matter.

Arete

@@000
00000
@@000

Allies @e@000 @@e@00000000

Avatar @@000

Willpower

Jl alapadela iene:
a pw | af a]

Quintesse
e009

Oo pe

nce

2
©

o
a
(e)
©
Paradox

Prime OOO00O
Spirit OOO00O
OOO00O

Time.

Health
Bruised 0dO

Injured 10
Mauled 2: el

Incapacitated oO

Experience


Ney,

YN

|| Ra ee a _
Wanderer x

Prelude: "I'll never get out of this god-forsaken, podunk town!" is what you used to think. For an inquisitive kid like
you, a perfect afternoon was sitting in the cool semi-darkness of your grandfather's cellar devouring the countless yellow
stacks of National Geographic. Your imagination strained against the confines of small-town life, and you wished more than
anything to leave. So you studied and stretched the boundaries of your narrow, poverty-stricken life, but it was no use.
Now most of the kids you graduated high school with have gotten married and gone to work, orsettled down to have babies.
That kind of life has no challenge, no spark. It will soon stagnate, stifle and die. But a life of travel, a life on the road —
that's where a person can think, learn and grow.

While sitting on your porch watching cars go by one late-Summer evening, you started daydreaming about where each
person might be headed as they journeyed past. The guy in the red Trans-Am was on his way to Dallas, Texas — a city
slicker with dreams of joining the rodeo. That pretty young thing up in the cab of the big-rig had been hitching rides all
the way from West Virginia. She was going to L.A. — gonna be a star. Suddenly you saw yourself walking down the road,
each step taking you miles away from your pitiful blink-and-you-miss-it town, miles away from America, even. You walked
through London, saw the Mona Lisa in France. You drank beer in Austria, rode a camel in Egypt. Slowly, you realized that
you were really there. After what seemed like hours, you made it back to Nowheresville, Indiana, and the sun had hardly
set. Everything looked new, even this lousy place, and you knew that something special had happened.

Concept: Although your life up to now has been the constant, steady
drudge of small-town life, you've always had a spark of something
better. Now that you have magick, there are no obstacles. You've
found the key you've been looking for all your life — an understand-
ing of Correspondence that allows you to travel anywhere. Finally
your wanderlust can be sated... but then again, will it ever?

Roleplaying Hints: You're free from your boring, so-
called life. This new adventure you've embarked upon is
what you've been waiting your whole life for, and while you
enjoy all the places you travel to, you don't want to stay
in one place for very long. There's so much to see and do.

Magick: Your affinity for Correspondence is extraordi-
nary. Witha little study and a lot of practice, you've learned
how to utilize your Arts to judge distances and travel them
in short spaces of time. Other Arts simply aid you on your
journey. A compass, and your trusty Doc Mar-
tens are the only tools you need.

Equipment: Doc Martens, com-
pass, backpack, Walkman.


Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength, @@000
Dexterity___—~—s ®®OOO
Stamina__Tieles @@@@0

Talents
Alertness
Athletics,
Awareness.
Brawl
Dodge.
Expression.
Instruction,
Intuition,
Intimidation,
Streetwise.

Subterfuge

Correspondence @ee@00
OO000O0

Entropy.
OO00O0

Forces.

Backgrounds
Allies @eee0
Avatar @@000
Dream OO000O0

OO000O0
OO0000

Other Traits
Scroumging @0000
OOO00O

SUR Vale y-Aal , GUD EP
MAGE: The Ascension™
Nature: Bon Vivant
Essence: Questing

Demeanor: Lener

Social
Charisma__Likeale @@@@O
Manipulation friendly @@@@O
Appearance. @@000

Skills
Do.
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms.
Leadership,
Meditation,
Melee.
Research.
Stealth,
Survival__Ne Gear @@@@O
Technology. OOO00O

Life. @@000
Mind OOO00O0
Matter. 00000

Arete
@ee@eoooooo0od

Willpower
e@e@e@eeeo0o0ood
BIAS) 28) 6.6 Gee

Quintessence
ou 0,
©

o
5
° ty 3?
Paradox

Concept: Wanderer
Mentor:
Affiliation: None

Menfal

Perception.
Intelligence

@0000
@@000
Wits, @0000

Knowledges

OOO00O
OOO0O
@@e00

Computer.
Cosmology.
Culture.
Enigmas.
Investigation,
Law.
Linguistics__Frenech
Lore.

Medicine.

Occult,

Science

Prime
Spirit
Time.

Health
Bruised

Injured
Mauled

Incapacitated

Experience


V
‘

WX__ Zt

Wall-Street Wizard

Prelude: Money fascinated you from day one, mostly because you really
never had any. Growing up, it was just you and Momma living in a sorry excuse
for a studio apartment in Harlem. The only escape you had was school. Who
needed new clothes or shoes when you could have knowledge? Momma always
said that knowledge was the only power a poor black kid had, ‘cause that was
the only thing they couldn't take away from you. So you studied hard,
especially math and economics. The thought of all that money whizzing
around in the world made you dizzy sometimes.

Daydreams fueled your desire to succeed, and your hard work was
richly rewarded with a full scholarship to attend a prestigious Ivy
League school. At commencement ceremonies, you wore an honor
cord, but Momma cried because you were the first in the family to
graduate.

A broker with Merrill-Lynch gave you your first job. Despite your
college record, you started out as low woman on the totem pole — on
the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange.

That first day was intense! Blood coursed hot through your veins
as the numbers scrolled past. You shouted and signaled with the rest,
and everything seemed to be going all right when suddenly it all got
weird. The numbers scrolled faster and faster, like the wheels on a slot
machine. Stocks rose and fell like pistons in an engine, and
hum rose in your ears. Somehow you knew that this
fast-forward flash of numbers and money was some-
thing that would take place in the future. Next thing
you knew, you were on the floor, a little bruised, but
relatively unhurt aside from the whispers you heard
from the people around you — "...couldn't cut it...
too weak... just like a woman..."

You felt like crying, but then you looked up at the
ticker. There! The first change. Even though the num-
bers had been speeding by, you remembered every peak and valley.
You left, resolved that with your newfound talent, you'd come back
and you'd show them you weren't weak. You'd show them all.

steady

Concept: Since your Awakening, you've used your talents in
Time and Entropy to great advantage in predicting the stock market.
Your magickal ability and natural intelligence have made you very
tich — so rich, in fact, that you've started your own brokerage firm.
Nobody would ever suspect that you're the C.E.O., however. Your skill
in the Arcane arts keeps you virtually invisible.

Roleplaying Hints: The perfect picture of a wealthy, successful
businesswoman. Never forget where you came from, though, or how
fortunate you've been. Keep a sharp eye out for corruption and
corporate greed; such injustices make the poor suffer and the richeven
richer.

Magick: A dual talent in Time and Entropy weighs the dice
firmly in your favor. A small clock and a market ticker run constantly
on your desk, helping you focus your energies.

Equipment: Laptop computer, pocket-watch.

ve

98
82 The Orphans Survival Guide


\

¥ MAGE: The Ascension™ i
Name: Nature: Sumwiver Concept: Wall-Street Wigand

Player: Essence: Pattew Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Director Affiliation: None
a Soe SS megs jh NY) eS
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception Geed Bunks @@OOO
Dexterity. @@000 = Manipulation_Sauy @@@@O Intelligence @e@000
Stamina. @@000 = Appearance @@000 = Wits @0@000
—————————  ——————E_
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @0000 _ Do. OOOOO — Computer. @@000
Athletics, OOO0O0O Drive @0000 = Cosmology. OOO00O0
Awareness @@000 Etiquette. @@@00 = Culture @0000
Brawl, OOOOO - Firearms. @0000 _ Enigmas. OOOO0O
Dodge OOOOO Leadership @@@00 Investigation. OOO00O0
Expression OOO0O0O0 Meditation. @0000 _ Law. @@000
Instruction, OOO0OO Melee. OOOO Linguistics OO0000
Intuition, @@@00 Research @@000 Lore OOOO0O
Intimidation, @0000 Stealth OOOO0O = Medicine OOO0O
Streetwise. OOOOO - Survival 00000 Occult OOOOO
Subterfuge. @@000 Technology. @@O0O0 = Science__ Business @@OOO
——————— ————
Correspondence___OOOOO Life @0000 Prime OOOO0O
Entropy. @@000_ Mind @0000 Spirit OO00O0
Forces. OOOOO Matter. OOOOO _ Time @@000
ee
Backgrounds Arete Health
Arcane @ee00 @@00000000 Bruised
Avatar @@000 .

——leflatnas ©8880 ee Pict foe) oan .
is G0G00 BOBO aoeoe Manled att
Quintessence
Other Traits Oo a Tey Incapacitated 3

OOO00O0 g ie)
OO00O0 oa a -
00000 na 2 Experience
OO000 > res
00000 Sone

Paradox


A) 2 Street Kid

- q » Prelude: "If wishes were horses, then beggars would ride." That's what
7 Yo they used to tell you at the orphanage, before you ran away. Despite your

) daydreaming, you were a realist at heart. Nobody was going to adopt a seven-

° year-old, screwed-up kid. So you left one night with nothing but a backpack

full of food and a change of underwear.
All too quickly, you learned that the streets could be fatal for a kid.
ry Sickos offered you food for sex, but couldn't care less about you otherwise.
You had to eat. After a while, turning tricks got stale, so you searched out
RQ some other way to survive in hell. You begged by day and slept underneath
» bushes at night, never really sleeping for fear of the cops... or worse. Still,
anything was better than the orphanage — or so you thought until the ice
storm.
The blizzard shut the city down. Suddenly, there was nobody to beg
P) from. Crowded shelters were turning folks away, and the grizzled old drunks
® were too mean to let you share their space. You gathered what you could to
° stay warm, but nothing could keep the wind and hunger away. That night
almost killed you, and the frosty gray morning found you wishing for clean clothes,
agood meal, anda warm, dry place to sleep. Looking at the scraps of paper blowing
around the alley, you wished harder than anything else that it was money, not
garbage. At that moment, you felt a strange stirring in the air and a tingle up your
spine. The world lurched like a subway car; when you looked down at the scraps,
you saw one change into a fresh $10.00 bill. Transforming your dirty clothes into
clean ones, a few bricks into bread, and the newspapers into a warm blanket proved
that what you'd done wasn't a fluke. Suddenly, life on the streets was going to be a
whole lot easier!

Concept: There's a genie with an unlimited amount of wishes, and that genie
is you. As you've developed your raw talents with Matter, your life on the streets
has gotten better. Now the trick is to make these wishes work to your greater

advantage.
Roleplaying Hints: You're a kid. Think like one. Magick is the best thing that
ever happened to you. Now you can have all the cool stuff you ever wished for!
There are limits, though — sometimes things happen easily; sometimes it takes more
work; sometimes they never happen at all. Still, this shit is awesome! Consequences
and responsibility? Huh? Whatever...

4

Magick: Call it "wishcraft," a talent focused by concentrating on a single object
while wishing real hard it was something else. A strong affinity for Matter equals a
goldmine of possibilities, and other Spheres (which you don't define as such) reflect
your sharp senses. Unlike most magi, you're a natural. If you're this good now, imagine
how powerful you'll be when (if) you get older....(see "Wishcraft," p.123.)
Equipment: Backpack, cash, switchblade, items to wish upon.


MAGE: The Ascension™

Nature: Born Vivant Concepk: Street Kid
Player: Essence: Dynamic Mentor:

Chronicle: Demeanor: Suwiver Affiliation: None
een TET TT) EG 0 ara ee
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000- Charisma @@@00 Perception. @e000
Dexterity, @@000 = Manipulation, @@000 Intelligence @@0@00
Stamina. @@000 = Appearance. @@0@00 3 Wits Quick eeee0

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@@00 Do OOO00O0 = Computer. OO0000
Athletics @@@00 Drive OOOO0O0 — Cosmology. OOO00O
Awareness. @@000 Etiquette. OOOO0O Culture OO0O000
Brawl. @0000 | Firearms. OOOOO _ Enigmas @0000
Dodge @@@00 Leadership. OOOOO Investigation, @@000
Expression. OOOOO Meditation. OOOOO _ Law. @@000
Instruction. OOOO0O Melee. @@000 Linguistics 00000
Intuition. OOOOO _ Research OOOOO Lore OOO00O
Intimidation, OOOOO - Stealth @@@00 Medicine OOO00O
Streetwise. @@@00 = Survival Ulan @@OOO Occult OO000
Subterfuge OO0000 _ Technology__O0000 Science. OOO00O
Correspondence. OOOO0N Life @0000 Prime OOOO0O
Entropy. @0000_ Mind @0000 Spirit OO0000
Forces OOOOO Matter. @@@00 Time 00000

Backgrounds Arete Health
_ fut ~——@@OOOD POMBO O0O00ONONDDO Bruised -0
Dream @e@000 .
anaes ee sme) ata 00 -
OO00O0
00000 NOOOO0OOODO waned 2
Quintessence C Sah ae see tae
Other Traits Oo oo % Incapacitated Oo
00000 oO
Q0000 ° 0, g Experience
OOO0O0O © >
00000 [ng
Paradox


WX Z_ ||
V4 struggling Mother

Prelude: When you were 16, Eddie said you were his one and only. So you
eloped. A year later, the baby came and Eddie went, leaving you a mountain
of debt and a new life to care for. Your parents turned their backs and gave

you the "I told you so" routine. His parents never liked you.
ca Nevertheless, you picked up the pieces and made the baby your only ,
reset
ad

priority. But no matter how many jobs you took, the money wasn't
enough. One night, a customer at your diner suggested you take up
exotic dancing. At first, you laughed it off, but later you decided to
take it seriously. Dancing was a gift from God. Money rolled in, and
you could pay off the debts of the past and focus on the future.

Unfortunately, with the money came trouble. Eddie's parents
found out you were stripping and sued to take away your child.
Social Services turned your life upside down. Finally, the
court decided to place your daughter in a foster home until
the trial. That night, you lay awake thinking about all the
people who conspired against you. If only they could see
how much you loved her... and how fiercely you'd fight to
keep her! You drifted slowly into sleep, but it was like no
sleep you'd ever had before.

In the dream hung several moving pictures, each one
different. In the first, you saw Eddie's mother. You could
only shout "Don't!" before she disappeared and you were
inanother dream. As the parade of tormentors passed before
your eyes, you shouted that one word, putting all your sorrow and pain and
love for your child behind it. You awoke to an urgent pounding on your door
the next morning. Eddie's folks stood there with a social worker, their
emotions radiating off them so strongly it made you light-headed. They were
dropping the lawsuit. Inherently, you knew your dream had worked, and
that something else had worked too — a new, secret power you could use to
protect yourself and your child.

Concept: Like a lioness protecting her cub, you'll do anything to shelter
your child from harm. Awakening from that first magickal dream has made
you aware of your talents in Mind. Now that you understand this gift, you
spend time honing and strengthening it.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite life's hardships, you're still young and vital.
Most of that energy is focused upon your child. She's the world to you, and
no sacrifice on her behalf is too great. Despite your trials, the world hasn't
stolen your innocence and optimism. You're a survivor, not a victim.

Magick: Mind magick (focused through a lucky amulet you never
remove, and through dance or an impassioned gaze) allows you a "sixth
sense" against danger, and gives you an uncanny influence over other
people. It also grants you a deep bond with your daughter and others you
care for.

Equipment: Street clothes, amulet, baby items (toys, diaper bag, etc.),
exotic "costumes" and props, spray can of mace.

fie

86 The Orphans Survival Guide


MAGE: The Ascension™

33 Nature: Brave Concept: Struggling Mother
N Player: Essence: Primordial Mentor:
\ Chronicle: Demeanor: Caregiver Affiliation: Nene
"Se Sn Se at SS Sgn TY | CC eae a cas eco
— Physical Social Menfal
Strength, @@000 = Charisma @@@00 = Perception. @ee00
Dexterity @@@00 = Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence. @@000
Stamina @@@00 = Appearance @e@000 = Wits @0000
(eS Sey, y py NH hl ep
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@@00 Do OOOO0O Computer. OOO00O
Athletics @@000 Drive OOOO0O Cosmology. OOO00O0
Awareness. @0000 Etiquette @@000 = Culture OOO00O
Brawl @0000 Firearms @@000 © Enigmas @0000
Dodge OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Investigation. OOOO0O
Expression, @@@00 = Meditation @@@00 Law @0000
Instruction, OOOOO Melee @O0000 _Linguistics_Spaniskh @OOOO
Intuition, @@000 Research OOO0O0 Lore. OO0O000
Intimidation, OOOOO Stealth OOO00O ‘Medicine @@000
Streetwise. @@@00 = Survival. OOO0O0O Occult OOO00O
Subterfuge. OOOOO _ Technology____OOOOO Science OOO0O

Correspondence___OOOOO Life @@000 siPrime
Entropy. @0000_ Mind @@@00 Spirit
Forces OOO0O0O Matter. OOOOO Time.
EEO
Backgrounds Arete Health
Avatar e000 ©8©0@0000000 Bruised
OOO0O

OOO00O0
OOO00O0

Willpower
eeeeeeoooo xX Dey
BPE Gi Gee ec rah

- Mauled

Quintessence ( =: eel

Other Traits o00g Incapacitated
___ Dancing __— ®®OOO
OOO00O

Injured

Experience

Yo ae"

Paradox


IIS

Noted Shadows

She came to me

Whilst times were low

And smiled at me

Through eyes of stone

— Death in June, "Carousel"

Talk travels. Fame spreads her blanket,
and even those who would rather be nameless
are sometimes invited to her bed. As the self-
Awakened underground comes into its own,
circulating information through e-mail lists, Websites, club
talk and notes posted on backstage walls, some names figure
prominently in the chat. Over time, some of those names
become legends.

Whoare these living gods of the underground? It's hard
to tell. By the time you peel aside the wet walls of rumor,
innuendo and speculation, the real people inside the leg-
ends are obscured past recognition. Like rock stars or actors,
their images become larger than the people themselves
could ever be. Even archwizards have their limits, and most
self-Awakened are far less than archwizards.

For the most part, they're a young breed. Hard lives and
harsh enmities tend to weed the midnight garden, and
those "weeds" without deep roots tend to be the first to go.
Most truly powerful orphans sink into obscurity or hide
behind mirror-walls. The figures who remain are often
flavors-of-the-month. When they grow stale or melt away,
novel new legends spring up, take their place beside Mis-
tress Fame, and enjoy her caresses until the moment passes
and she goes looking for new company.

Because truth, rumor and opinion make such a differ-
ence, we've divided the following sections into "What He
(She) Says" and "What You Know." The former is a bit of
self-description, something the mage might say if asked.
The second is a melange of rumors, proven facts and
speculations. The truth behind the lot is up to you, the
Storyteller. None of us are who we appear to be.

Jodi Blake

What She Says: I have my own agendas, and I am my
own master. That's it. I'm just standing up for myself in this
pathetic wasteland of "enlightened" society. And I get con-
demned as a devil-worshipper? Please! As if! Sure, I take my
pleasures dark — who doesn't? That means nothing. Tell me,
does anyone outside the P.T.-fucking-L Club even believe in
devils anymore?

What You Know: The solitary mage calling herself Jodi
Blake is familiar to most of the Awakened, if not through
personal experience, than through rumor. Gossip calls her
"Nephandus," a barabbi renunciate who threw her soul away
for gold, greed or sheer perversity. If she is indeed what they

88 The Orphans Survival Guide

claim she is, no one could truly name the Tradition or
Convention she originally hailed from. Jodi's past is an
enigma, and that's just the way she likes it.

As names get passed from ear to ear, the legend of Jodi,
the defiant and beautiful Lady of Lies, grows in the telling.
A sworn enemy ofall the sects, cults, orders and fellowships
that recruit from the "spawning pool" of young magi, Jodi
has acquired a sizable following. Omnisexual, witty and
possessed of prodigious magickal talents (among other as-
sets), she trails admirers, male and female alike. A poster
child for mystick anarchy, Blake defies wizards far more
powerful than herself while keeping her roots firmly planted
in the night scene. The more perversely she acts, the more
popular she becomes. In short, she's bad, she's cool, and she
kicks ass.

Oh, sure, there are those rumors of human sacrifice. Of
demonic tortures and souls devoured by Jodi's "masters."
There are those who claim she's a black magician of the
highest order, a shapeshifting agent of betrayal who makes
the cranky wizards and mindless borg-drones look good by
comparison. Supposedly, Jodi leads her lovers into the
Cauls, pits of mystick torture where their souls are turned


inside-out and their bodies are twisted into agonized works
of art. "The Lady of Lies" has an infamous reputation,
including (but not limited to) child sacrifice, mass slaugh-
ter, exquisite torment, and every conceivable form of
blasphemy. Those tales, of course, just make her more
popular than ever.

Not everyone is fond of the Lady of Lies. In some clubs,
especially the Waydown, the bouncers have been warned
to watch out for the charming chick with the midnight
smile. In others, though, she's a welcome guest; The
Chapel Perilous, for instance, celebrates her visits with
orgies on the dance floor and backmasked Christian prayer-
mixes. Sure, everyone says, Jodi's a servant of Darkness.
But fuck it, aren't we all?

Is it an act, or is she really pimping for the Pit? Jodi
swears she's just playing a role, acting as the Queen of Night
in a huge and glorious pageant. Of course she doesn't serve
demons or torture children! That's absurd! No one actually
does those sort of things, and demons aren't real. Jodi relishes
her fame, but cautions her confidants that she's just a simple,
pretty girl. The whole Satanic pageant is fun, but it certainly
isn't for real!

Or is it?

Baron

What He Says: Me? I'm just an old man with too many
memories and too much time on his hands. If it's tales you want,
you're better off with Penny Dreadful or some other wild whack
of a storytelling siren. But, hey! Since you asked, I'll tell you a
little secret about the Mockingbird Man: (leans down close) He
can be a real asshole if you piss him off.

What You Know: Baron is the only name this orphan
answers to, though he has told a few trusted souls what his
name was in the past. Most people who don't know him refer
to himas "the Tattooed Man," although another nickname,
"the Mockingbird Man," recalls his fondness for perching
and preening. While Baron is average in height, over-
muscled from years of working out, and tends to dress like a
biker in a 1960's exploitation flick, his dark hair and beard
are both graying and his age is definitely starting to show.
Like a bird, he crouches, perches and hovers over people,
ominous, yet somehow humorous, too.

Aside from his unusual dress style, the most noticeable
feature about Baron is the collection of tattoos that covers
his torso and both of his arms... tattoos that tend to change
when no one is looking. Only a few of the tattoos remain
unchanged from encounter to encounter with the man: The
Weidjot Eye and the Eye of Horus remain prominently
emblazoned on his chest, connected by an illustration of
barbed wire that runs from his belt line, and loops that cover
his arms and wrap twice around his neck. At the front of his
throat, just below the line where a dress-shirt would hide the
writing, the word "Forgive" is prominently displayed. Aside
from these stable markings, other images — bird cages,

stacks of dollar bills, guns, knives, mystic runes, roses,
flames, grave markers, dice and other assorted illustrations
— have all been seen on Barons arm's and body.

In Baron's case, the tattoos are removable and usable.
Baron has made an art form of hiding weapons and various
paraphernalia on his body, a trick he's even taught a rare
few others.

Baron is one of the older members of his cabal in San
Francisco, and has ingratiated himself with all of its other
members over the last four years, since he moved to the
area from New York. His original plans were only to visit
the area, seeking the Technocracy spy who killed his
friends in Manhattan. Instead, he and the other members
of the Waydown Vitkae captured the double agent and
have since made him see the error of his ways... by
reshaping his soul and making him aslave. Baron originally
came to San Francisco with a woman named Sascha
Winters, and while the two are still friends, they have long
since stopped being lovers.

This elder orphan admits to having been a professor of
European History somewhere on the East Coast, and is often
willing to share his insights with those who ask him properly.
While no longer working asa teacher, he writes both fiction
and non-fiction books, many of which reveal the truth of the
Ascension War to the careful reader. His latest trilogy of
best-selling fiction novels, The Convention Of The White
Tower, The Great Black Storm and the concluding epic
Mistridge And Beyond, have left many mages seething and
others laughing; the series is set in a fictitious world that
strongly resembles ancient Europe, and features informed
(and often unflattering) caricatures of real figures in the
early Order and Council. His pseudonym, Bonni Moore
Summers, has been wrongly identified as Penny Dreadful or
Marianna of Balador. Word of "Summers" next series, set in
the same world, has made several people very unhappy. The
Nine Twisted Paths trilogy involves a mystic realm called
Horizon and the attempts by the sorcerers who create it to
cleanse the land of Mistridge from the growing blight of the
Mechanimagi. Not even Baron's closest friends know that
he's a writer, and for good reason. He maintains a heavy
network of false names, corporations and mystick wards to
ensure that his identity remains a secret. To date, no one has
discovered the truth.

Baron remains friendly and open to most of the people
he meets, but his passionate hatred of the Technocracy is
pretty obvious, especially to anyone foolish enough to men-
tion Technocrats favorably in his presence. While Baron
prefers not to get involved in physical conflicts, he's never
hesitated to use his mouth as a weapon. A few people have
even accused him of verbal assault and battery, as he's been
known to reduce his opponents to nervous breakdowns on
several occasions. Baron makes no apologies for his reac-
tions, pointing out that the New World Order murdered his
friends, and would likely do so again if given the chance.

Chapter IV: The Chosen Few 89

\ OK


NW Ail

Sascha Winters

What She Says: This morbid image of Death as some
cloaked Reaper is kinda tired, but itis still an improvement over
the worm-riddled corpses we see in biology class. Oh, yeah, I
agree that the whole "dark angel of my mortality" thing is a pile
of shit, but if you've got the choice between a fearsome Reaper
or a Uriel, and some box in the ground with a shell inside, then
I say embrace the past fears and leave the modern fears under
the dirt instead

There are no great secrets to life. Death, on the other hand
isamystery well worth exploring. The Dead continue on, and the
things they have to say about the afterlife are enough to give you
nightmares for the next few centuries. I intend to understand
everything there is to know about what lies beyond the grave
Then I intend to make it right. I ask you, is that a bad thing?

What You Know: Sascha Winters has flowered over
the last few years. In here

arly days as a Brooklyn nightbabe,
she leaned heavily toward the "sheep" end of the scale. She
dressed as everyone else around her did, in a style she now
refers to as "black, funerary, gothic, pretentious"; her red
hair was dyed black, and her already fair skin was covered in
heavy white foundation, then decorated in even heavier
black with a thick layer of kohl around her eyes.

an Awakened
being, Sascha has been fascinated in death and the afterlife.
A few months ago, she experienced an epiphany that has

From the very beginning of her time 2

90 The Orphans Survival Guide

changed that fascination, increased it and refocused her
studies in ways that few people could have expected.
These days, Sascha dresses in clothes styled out of the
late ‘30s and early ‘40s. Along with the change in fashion
direction, she no longer dyes her hair and her makeup is far
subtler. She's also often seen in the company of her new
entourage, a group of men who dress in similar fashion and
who remain calmly, quietly at her side. These men do not
speak, but they're quick to light her cigarettes, carry her
drinks and follow her every command. They are not vam-
pires, but a few people have noticed these men do not seem
to breathe, and never sweat, even in the hottest weather. A

few of Sascha's closer friends have started wondering about

her new "associates," and one or two have made comments

about how similar a few of these silent gentlemen appear to
the faces of dead men showing up in the obituaries.
Although she used to be a dedicated member of the
Waydown Vitkae, Sascha doesn't spend very much time
with the rest of them anymore. Considering the company
w Waydowners seem both-

she's currently keeping, very f
ered by the notion. Sascha has made the dead her prime
study subject fora long time. Now it's pretty obvious that her
"academic" interests in necromancy have grown to full-
blown obsession. From resurrecting the bodies of the recently
deceased to speaking with the dead, Sascha's rituals have
taken a ghoulish turn. Rumor has it she regularly wanders
the Shadowlands, arm in arm with ghostly tutors.

Something dark is happening to the girl who was once
the quietest member of the Waydown group. She claims to
see things occurring in the Lands of the Dead that have "dire
ramifications." Only time will prove her right or wrong. At
least one member of Sacha's cabal, commonly called "Spooky
Pete" because of his inability to escape the interference of
the Restless Dead, is bitterly opposed to the changes she's
made. Sascha doesn't care. If she was, at one time, a sheep,
this red-haired orphan has now become a wolf.

Penny Dreadful
(a.k.a. Penny D,
Penelope Anne Drizkowski)

What She Says: Me? Important? Spare me. I might have
the biggest collection of fairy tales (the real stuff, not that
Bowdlerized crap!) in San Francisco, a talking cat on my
shoulder, a box full of wonders, and a major Witchie-Poo on my
back, but none of those things make me important!

Of course, if you want to know the ancient mysteries buried
in "The Owl and the Pussycat" or the seven keys to fortune
embedded in "Bluebeard," I suppose I am the girl to ask. Just ask
nicely, and have your credit card ready.

What You Know: Penny Dreadful isa witch. Not in the
modern sense, nor the ancient sense — she's never been
known to worship any goddess, at least not the ones with the
clothing-optional ceremonies — but in the popular literary
sense. She wears a black dress, owns several black hats, casts
charms and spells, and accessorizes the whole ensemble with
a talking black cat who answers to "Mister Mistoffelees."
Along with Spooky Pete, Brent, Sasha, Baron, Blackrose,
and the infamous Neville Sinclair, Penny makes up the
Waydown Vitkae, San Francisco's reigning chapter of the
Hollow Ones. Although Neville is ostensibly the clique's
"leader," Penny's the one with the appointment calendar,
making her "She Who Gets Things Done."

Like many Hollowers, Penny never had a proper Awak-
ening. For years, she "sleepwalked," believing in minor
charms and little prayers, not the Booga-Booga-in-your-
face-Virgin-Mary-shows-up-in-your-living-room variety of
magick. She practiced a lesser variation of the Art (often
called "hedge magic") until her familiar — a black cat
working, at the time, for Jodi Blake — spoke to her. Splash!
Penny jumped into fairytale magick fully clothed, with only
a few looks back.

Penny's major claim to fame — aside from looting Jodi
Blake's ritual room, stealing her familiar, and finally besting
her ina magician's duel — isa spell she "created" to impress
visitors. "Penny Dreadful's Bright New Penny" debuted the
evening her friend Bryce Grimm had a number of Tradition
wizards over for a visit. Penny was challenged to "do some-
thing entertaining" before she fetched dinner; she did both,
using an 18th-century tablecloth to conjure a feast fit for a
king (George III, to be specific). When the guests asked

Penny where she got the spell, she replied, "I call it my
‘Bright New Penny." The name stuck, and Penny conve-
niently forgot to mention that she'd simply cribbed the
magick tablecloth spell from the Deutsche Volksmarchen.
(Doesn't anyone read anymore?)

Asher fame spread (almost making up for the thousands
of dirty dishes that Paradox gifted her with in exchange for
the spell), Penny found herself the object of celebrity in the
oddest circles. Having Mister Mistoffelees (formerly Jodilyn
Blake's "Grimalkin") perched on her shoulder helps her
stand out. Fun as it is, the fame is fairly troublesome, seeing
as how Penny has been trying to stay out of Jodi Blake's sight.
The young orphan knows she got lucky, and while she trusts
in providence, she also puts stock in simple caution... and
outright avoidance. Basic hard work is good too; along those
lines, she's been studying Jodi's Books of Shadows, though
more than half of the spells in them are either antiquated or
horrifically immoral.

Disarmingly friendly, Penny is a pretty young woman of
middling height, with brown hair dyed black (bobbed bangs,
longer in the back), fair skin and green eyes. She dresses
mostly in black —everything from vintage Victorian widow's
weeds to Beatnik turtlenecks and black berets. About the
only constants to her wardrobe are the color, the attention
to detail, her lunchbox of the hour and, of course, her
familiar. Mister Mistoffelees, an impatient talking cat, usu-
ally takes the place of a fur stole.

To people she meets, Penny is kind, sweet, and almost
painfully polite and helpful —unless they dis her, her friends
or the Hollow Ones, at which point she'll slip into acidic
double entendres. She's also almost excruciatingly lucky at
"finding pretties" (Penny-speak for fetishes and Talismans),
and keeps an impressive collection of them at home. If she
doesn't have one of "whatever" stashed in her hope chest,
she can probably locate it without much trouble... if the
price is right.

Afterall, last time she accepted a commission, she came
out of it with a 400-year old familiar and a vendetta from a
Satanic witch.

Neville Sinclair

What He Says: You have questions and I have answers.
The point is, I don't necessarily care to give you those answers.
They might be trifles, true, but everyone knows that knowledge
is power. I hardly know you; why then would I risk revealing more
of myself than is wise? What possible advantage could there be for
me in such folly? I suppose if I had a rank and a serial number to
go with my name, you'd like those as well...?

What You Know: There are mages who claim they've
found references to Neville Sinclair dating back to the
1400s. Some even claim they've met the mage in some
distant past-time. While most of the latter group agree that
the man carrying the name at present looks nothing like the

Chapter IV: The Chosen Few 91

He ZK

YS

WX

mage they knew many years in the past, his knowledge of old
meetings with them is always flawless

Among the Hollow Ones in San Francisco, Sinclair is
considered the de facto leader, especially when it comes to
dealing with the actual Traditions. He understands the
Protocols established by the Council of Nine, and he knows
every legal loophole written into them. Neville Sinclair is
the closest thing to a lawyer among the Hollowers, and has
been instrumental in stopping the Traditions from enforc-

ing their rules on the non-Tradition on numerous occasions.

When legal niceties aren't enough, a bewildering propensity
for obfuscation and misdirection have concealed the
Darklings from their more-powerful kin.

There are mages aplenty who claim Sinclair has
pulled o

some spectacularly vulgar stunts with no reper-
Despite these rumors, few people can honestly
witnessed him in action. Sinclair remains an
enigma, even among his friends. He has traveled exten-
sively, often going back to places where he was known in

the past and wearing new (or very old) forms and faces.
Among the many rumors spread about the man who
coined the phrase "Hollow Ones" is the speculation that
he has somehow managed to trick Paradox spirits into
believing he doesn't exist. If that's true, he's made it a
point not to share the trick with anyone.

One of Sinclair's best-known tricks is his alleged ability
toremove his soul and Avatar from one body and place them
in another — a power he seldom uses, but which has saved

his life on numerous occasions. The ability would certainly

explain his shifting looks throughout the years. Neville's
current form is tall and gaunt, with dyed-black black and a
penchant for formalwear. Though he seldom wears much by
way of jewelry, he's never seen without an ornate ring with
a black stone of unknown origin on his right ring finger.

In the absence of facts, rumors breed. Some of those
rumors include a contention that he was once a member
of the British House of Lords, he taught Aleister Crowely
all about magick, and that he was once a member of the
Nephandi. Neville manages to never answer any ques-
tions about his life. If asked, he simply gets abrupt or
walks away.

Sinclair has spent an inordinate amount of time in San
Francisco, especially for a sorcerer who prefers to travel
constantly. Many of the orphans he associates with believe
that he's looking for something — an item or perhaps even

and is merely biding his time, content that his

a person
quarry will show up eventually. Gossips insist that Neville is
preparing for an event that will have serious ramifications,
not only for the mages, but for supernatural beings the world
over. Interestingly, he's one of the few members of the
Waydown group who does not seem to disapprove of Sascha
Winters' sudden fascination with the dead. Whether or not
his desire to remain in San Francisco is connected to the
strange events Sascha claims to sense, is merely one more of
the mysteries that surround Neville Sinclair. Whatever the
truth of the matter, he isn't talking.

92 The Orphans Survival Guide


James Daniel Conolly

(formerly Agent X2345l2)

What He Says: Hi, I'm James Daniel Conolly. Daniel
is not important. Master chef. I am not an island. Who are
you? Are you hungry? Do you like steak? I like steak, and
coffee. Yahweh gave me coffee once. I just asked for it, and
suddenly there it was. Is that your real hair? My girlfriend has
hair that color...

What You Know: James used to be a Man In Black,
specifically designed for sharpshooting and tactical exper-
tise. While on assignment in the Deep Universe, James
found himself on the receiving end of a Void Engineer
project gone wrong. This strange encounter granted him an
Awakened soul. Quite distressing for a MIB. Fortunately for
James, a former Man in Gray — deceased and residing in the
spirit realms — found him and managed to extract him from
the New World Order before they could reprogram him.
Since then, James has been working as a freelance gun for
hire. The more the job goes against his former employers, the
more willing he is to take it.

A tall, powerfully built man with broad shoulders,
James appears unapproachable. His extroverted and friendly
nature often cancels out this initial intimidation factor,
however. James is extremely inquisitive, too. Although he
has the build of a man, he's mentally only four years old and
tends to approach the world with a childlike naiveté. If
something attracts his attention, he has no inhibitions
about touching it, grabbing it, using it, or asking pointed
questions about it. (This goes for people as well as objects.)

But the man known as James Daniel Conolly has
another, darker side. In combat intensive situations,
James becomes completely unemotional and directive
oriented — much like he would have done as an NWO
Operative. Regardless of his rank, he barks orders and
expects them to be obeyed. And while James is an expert
tactician, his ethics leave much to be desired; the sacri-
fice of innocents is perfectly acceptable if it helps to
achieve the greater goal.

Despite his potential for destruction, James lives his life
with a sort of comic-book whimsy. His apartment, for
example, is infested with wayward and often chaotic spirits.
The TV flips channels by itself, the dishwasher does the
laundry and the washer does the dishes. James says it's
because they're happier that way. He often speaks to the
spirit in the coffee maker just to make sure it's content, and
he pours spare change into the couch just to make it feel
better. For whatever reason, the Gauntlet is extremely thin
in his living space. This doesn't seem to matter much to
James — he simply accepts it as another strange part of his
newly discovered life.

A tall, muscular man, James usually dresses in a black
Armani suit, matching trenchcoat and a pair of highly
glossed Doc Martens. Due to an bad Paradox backlash,

James is totally hairless and has completely black eyes (no
whites) accented with gold flecks that float around like bits
in a snow globe when he moves his head. Hence, he almost
never leaves his apartment without his fedora and sun-
glasses. A falsified FBI badge focuses his mental talents; a
simple "James Smith — FBI" makes almost everyone fol-
low his instructions. At any given time, James carries
several explosives on his person, a Glock in a shoulder
holster, a mid-sized gun at the small of his back, another in
an ankle holster, and two more guns in the trenchcoat for
good measure. In short, don't fuck with this man — he's a
walking arsenal.

Jennifer Rollins

What She Says: Of course, I quit. I didn't want any part
of their grief, and still don't. Why can't I just be left to myself?
Christ, all I want is my solitude, my art, and a chance to figure
out where my head is at. Why can't you all just leave me alone?!

What You Know: Unlike many orphans, Jennifer
didn't Awaken ina blast of insight and power. Instead, the
experience came slowly, softly, wrapped in swirls of paint,
and curls of whittled wood. A struggling young artist in
SoHo, New York, Rollins had literally carved a name for
herself among the local connoisseurs. Cash, however, was
not as forthcoming as praise.

Like most struggling artists, Jennifer waited tables to
pay the bills. There, she met Bethany Raimer, a Verbena
Adept of the Bitter Rose Coven, a noted SoHo cabal.
Spotting the shine of a powerful Avatar in Jennifer's aura,
Bethany struck up conversations that frankly scared the
shit out of Rollins. Well, yes, she had been having strange
dreams. Well, of course the masterworks she crafted in her
studio apartment just seemed to flow up from some hidden
spring. Wasn't that the way it always was with art? Jenni-
fer, a lapsed Christian with a severe Methodist upbringing,
was having a hard enough time coping with her rebellious
vocation; Beth's talk of guiding spirits and blossoming
magick summoned up all the devils of her father's Hell.
Too intrigued to flee but too frightened to devote herself,
Jennifer sleepwalked through her initial Awakening. Not
even her aggressive Avatar, an eerie spectre called Mask,
could prod the artist toward her potential.

Until Bethany was murdered.

They broke into Jennifer's loft in the middle of a
lesson. The magickal duel between Beth and the invaders
was Jennifer's first taste of magick's power, and it petrified
her. Fighting alone, Bethany was slaughtered. Her blood
showered Rollins, and the young artist broke... but only
briefly. Taken to the sanctum of a charming but ruthless
Nephandus, she rallied her Arts. No one know exactly
how she killed the sorcerer and destroyed his manor, but
Bethany's cabal mates confirm that Jennifer avenged her
mentor in blood.

Chapter IV: The Chosen Few 93

YK

.
4

V/ aN


Despite their entreaties, Jennifer refused to join the
Verbena, and soon fled New York fora nomadic existence.
During her flight, she shacked up with an Ecstatic named
Wolf; courted by the Cult, she ran again. In one way or the
other, she's been running ever since. Not even Mask can
make her stand and fight for long.

Many corpses, however, can attest that when she does
stand and fight, Jennifer Rollins is a sorcerer of consider-
able talent. Years after her initial "debut," tales of her
mystick power circulate among the courts of the Awak-
ened: Is it true she cussed out the Council elders in their own
chambers? Does she really count Marianna of Balador as a
friend? Did you hear about the faerie queen who wept at the
beauty of Jennifer's gifts? You know vampires have a blood-
price on her head? It seems the harder she runs, the closer
her undeniable destiny becomes. For an orphan with a
talent for disappearing, Jennifer Rollins keeps surfacing
under the strangest circumstances...

Is she an Errant? Not really. An orphan? By whose
definition? Trained by Verbena, Ecstatics and perhaps

94 The Orphans Survival Guide

SS

evena Nephandus, Jennifer opted for "none of the above."
Although many people call her "friend," Jennifer remains
a loner. Restless, shy and a bit reckless, she makes her
barefooted way across the States, submerged in arcane
mystery until loneliness, poverty or fortune bring her up
for air. "Ambivalence" appears to be this mage's middle
name; at peace, her Arts shape breathtaking jewelry and
paintings (which have become quite valuable among the
Awakened); when aggressive magick is called for, Rollins
strips herself bare, carves runes in her flesh, and brews
concoctions with her own blood. Perhaps her painful rites
reflect guilt — guilt for Bethany, guilt for running, or guilt
for turning her back on Father's vengeful God in favor of
a wilder, primordial master: magick.

Victoria "Phoenix" Attakai

What She Says: Oh, you don't want to know about me
Really, you don't. Besides, what's there to tell? I'ma Navajo,
my Papais rich, and the two don't go together very often. Tell
you what —I don't really have much to say. You're probably
bored, and I don't want to burden you with my problems.
Want a drink?

What You Know: Born into an influential Navajo
family, Tori had every advantage one would expect a
bright, attractive young girl to have. Because her father
managed a casino on the reservation, Tori's early life was
relatively comfortable. Despite the family's involvement
in politics around the rez, she felt distanced from her
neighbors... with good reason: Michael "Rolling Gold"
Attakai was not exactly the most popular man in town.

When Victoria was 16, she took a vacation to Monu-
ment Valley to visit her grandmother. A hard look (courtesy
of Grandmama) at daily life on the rez hit Tori like a brick.
Poverty was everywhere. Women worked long, hard days
for a pittance, and that they gave to their husbands —
depressed and defeated men who would travel across three
counties to drink and gamble in a casino much like her
father's. These people, her people, lived from day to day
with very little money and very little hope. The shock
cracked her privileged shell. The Awakening that fol-
lowed was not sudden, but it was undeniable.

The visions began soon after she moved to New
Mexico for good. Ghosts rose up from the earth itself and
howled into the sky. They passed into people walking
down the street, and those people began to glow like
candle-lamps. Some passerby burst into colored smoke,
while others melted into sludge or fell into ashes. The
dreams jolted Tori from sleep night after night, and she
began talking to somebody, everybody, anybody, about
what she saw in her sleep. Seized by an apocalyptic fervor,
she listened to the old Navajo prophecies of the Fourth
World, and of the great disaster to come. Like any prophet,
she had her believers and her detractors. And like most
prophets, she broke under the weight of the visions.


Tori hit the bottle hard, and often stumbled around
the rez in a stupor. Jason Blake, a.k.a. the shaman Jason
Wind-Dancer, listened to her ravings and took her aside.
With patience, sweats, love and a lot of late nights, he
hauled Tori on the wagon and kept her there. Sober, she
could only tolerate the dreams with his help. Disturbed,

Wind-Dancer made some inquiries... inquiries of elders,

inquiries of spirits, even inquiries with the beast-men on
the fringes of his society, and the great medicine folk in
the desert.

Those inquiries got Jason killed. On the night before
his marriage to Tori (now rechristened "Phoenix" for her
sobriety), the young shaman was shot and killed by parties
unknown. Tori went wild with grief; when several medi-
cine people came out of the night to comfort her, she
called up a dust storm, slammed her car into gear, and fled
the rez for good.

Now nestled in Manhattan, Phoenix is a haunted
woman — haunted by spirits, haunted by memories, and
haunted by suspicions. She's also a hardcore alcoholic,
living on cash sent by her father. Her Arts — a weird,
unsettling combination of Navajo rites, voodoo and Vic-
torian spiritualism — have reached across the Shroud and
touched Jason Wind-Dancer... or at least a ghost who
claims he's Jason Wind-Dancer. Convinced that his fian-

cee foresees a great spiritual cataclysm, the ghost-shaman
(or its pretender) encourages Phoenix to spread the word
before it's too late.

And she does. Most nights, Phoenix Attakai can be
found going from bar to bar in downtown Manhattan. She
begins quiet and demure, but as the night wears on, the
alcohol fuels apocalyptic rants that continue until dawn.
No mortal should be able to consume the booze she drinks;
people of talent suspect she's ghost-driven. Although
doomsday lunatics are common enough these days, Tori's
visions have a ring of truth. Mysticks — especially self-

Awakened ones — are beginning to listen.

Despite her binges, Phoenix has frequent moments of
clarity and stability. In these moments, she shows her true
potential as a willworker. Her natural talent for Spirit Arts
makes Tori a popular guide and teacher amongst the local
orphans. As long as the sun is shining, Tori can make it
through the day with little more than a hangover; at night,
however, she plunges herself back into the booze before
the ghosts and visions grow too strong.

Tori is a statuesque woman in her mid-20s, with long,
curly auburn hair, coppery skin and brown eyes. Once, she
was beautiful; these days, she's striking in a "man-she'd-be-
cute-if-she-wasn't-a-drunk" sort of way. For all her Papa's
wealth, Phoenix dresses like a rez girl: jeans, white T-shirt,
moccasins anda leather jacket. Around her neck, she wears
a small medicine bag on a leather thong; with her at all
times is a backpack holding more herbs and ritual face
paints. Some of her tools favor voodoo motifs; sensitive

Chapter IV: The Chosen Few


sorcerers have noticed that one or two have an especially

dark Resonance about them... not unlike the haunted

prophet herself.

Swarna Jayani

What She Says: Not all independents are poor or desper-
ate. My friends and I, for example, were highly successful... for
atime. To understand who I am now, you' ve got to understand
who I was then... back when the Associates meant something.
I was wealthy, fearless, and out for revenge. People always
commented on how sophisticated I was, how completely tasteful
yet avant garde. Selfishness, as well as ruthlessness, were
characteristics I could afford to develop.

Outside our little group, I was sleek, mean and unap-
proachable. I hear the Technocracy used to "create" women like
me to intimidate the mundanes. Well, I'm not very proud of
many of the things I did then, and I suppose the hard ride I had
with karma was the debt I had to pay for all that. But I'm a
different person now. I see things even more clearly now than
when I first Awakened. That's why I stay on the streets when I
could just as easily sequester myself in some upper West-Side
retreat. I want to help people like you — teach you, so that
hopefully, by the time I'm ready to do battle again, I'll have some
allies who know what their doing.

What You Know: Swarna has been humbled by her
experiences. Some would say she's burnt out, but closer
inspection reveals that she's simply keeping a low profile,
licking her wounds, and taking time to learn from her
mistakes. Technically, Swarna is supposed to be dead, so
staying out of the spotlight is a good thing. In penitence for
the crimes she committed, this Errant places herself in the
path of the newly Awakened, hoping that her short lessons
and stories will serve as guideposts... or at least lights in a
darkened world.

At first glance, it might seem impossible that this
small, slight, yet beautiful woman could be capable of
leading one of the most notorious crime syndicates in the
world. But looks are deceiving. Hers was the mind behind
the April Fool's Day stock market crash, which bankrupted
thousands of investors and severely crippled several corpo-
rations. She and the Associates were also responsible for the
Halloween burglaries and bombings in New York, San
Francisco, and Atlanta — terrorist strikes that caused
millions of dollars in losses and damage to the Chase
Manhattan and Nations Banks. What Swarna has a mind to
do, she does, either with haunting beauty or horrifying
malice.

The attacks Swarna led against the Technocrats gar-
nered her a lot of fame and notoriety... and plenty of
enemies. The London Euthanatos have vowed to bring
their beautiful renunicate before the Council should she
decide to return to the city, and Tradition mages stateside
keep a watchful eye out for the wayward sorcerer. Now
hidden in the underground, Swarna strives fora redemption

% The Orphans Survival Guide

she's hard-pressed to accept. Although she claims that her
contribution to Vannoy's Survival Guide is the least she
could do, Swarna's recent activities have the air of a martyr
preparing for a showdown.

East Indian by descent, English by education, Swarna's
a stunning, petite woman in her late 20's with long thick
black hair and aclipped Oxford accent. In her days with the
Associates, she was a clothes horse — never seen in any-
thing but the most stylish and tasteful fashions. Now it's
hard to distinguish her from any other person on the street.
Swarna wears her hair up ina long ponytail, and favors jeans
and large, bulky sweaters in the winter months. No amount
of off-the-rack clothing, however, can disguise the know-
ing, intelligent spark in her hazel eyes... a glitter that draws
in young orphans like an intoxicating perfume.

Bryce Grimm

What He Says: I've looked for enlightenment everywhere.
I've just come to the conclusion that the only Ascension is
personal, at least for me. What else do you want to know? I'm
a dealer in antiquities, special items that are hard to find and of
particular interest to the Awakened. Other than that, I'm
generally uninteresting.

Actually, I'm a Technocracy double-agent. I think that's
my favorite one. People seem to believe that because I know
more about the Traditions and Conventions than some of their
members do. I, on the other hand, think that any infiltrator who
infiltrates the same society over and over is too stupid to keep
from getting caught, and I am by no means a stupid man. I've
been Awakened for almost 40 years now, andI know youdon't
last that long if you're stupid.

What You Know: When it comes to oddities, rare
and even mythological treasures and general information,
Bryce Grimm is one of the best-educated non-Tradition
mages around. While he's officially a rogue Tradition
magus, the proprietor of Grimm's Occult Specialty Shoppe
has managed to remain in good graces with all of the
Traditions he tried on for size before deciding to go his
own way; since he Awakened almost 40 years ago, he's
been with seven of the nine.

Despite Bryce Grimm's penchant for easy conversa-
tion, he does not speak much about himself. What
"common knowledge" information exists about him
comes in the form of exaggerated word of mouth, rumor
and hearsay. The information that people agree about is
sketchy at best.

Perhaps, the most puzzling aspect of this mage's long
career is his ability to run shops throughout the world
without gathering crippling amounts of Paradox. Grimm's
Occult Specialty Shoppe has branches in Atlanta, Berlin,
Hong Kong, New York, Providence, London, San Fran-
cisco, New Orleans and Miami, as well as Chicago and
Philadelphia. True, none of them are ever open at the
same time, but he has been spotted on the same day in


different locations by people who know him well enough
to spot a fraud.

Although magi disagree about many aspects of
Grimm's life and career, no one will disagree with the
fact that Bryce's shop (or shops) house the finest collec-
tion of magickal items to be found. Divided into two
sections, the stores offer both mundane and extraordi-
nary occult wares to those who are interested. Once a
customer (normally a mage, though some other super-
natural beings have managed to do the same) gains

Bryce's trust, he'll show that customer into the back

room, past the moon crystals and Tarot decks on dis|
out front. No customer who knows Bryce's true reputa-
tion has ever left one of his stores unsatisfied.

There's little Grimm loves more than the fine art of
bartering. The shopkeeper is a collector of rare antiquities
and Talismans. From tomes written by ancient masters, to
mythic lost weapons, Grimm has managed to locate, keep
and sell an amazing collection of items from around the
world. His customers are carefully screened before he allows
them access to his collection, and while he deals primarily
with mages, he's been known to sell a few items of power to
other supernatural forces. Nothing in any of his stores has
a price tag, not even the precious Talismans and books of
eldritch lore he has available for his special clientele. For

Grimm, the pleasure of the transactions seems to come

mostly from haggling for a price and divining what he can
from the purchaser's interest.

IfGrimm can be accused of having a weakness, it is his
self-confessed loathing for the Technocracy. Although he
seldom speaks of the events, it's known by a few and
rumored by many that he has been captured by the
Conventions on at least three occasions. He managed to
escape each time, but the experiences have left him
scarred and bitter.

When it comes to the politics of the Ascension War,
Bryce is the first to say he no longer cares. He does what he
can from the safety of his stores; aside from that, he has no
interest in the matter. The only rules he follows are his own,
and the only ones he enforces involve proper conduct in his
shops. Despite this philosophy, he tends to get involved in
unusual situations more often than not. There are some
among the Traditions who point to Bryce Grimm as an
example of what can happen if a mage chooses to ignore his
destiny. Grimm chooses not to notice their words, or at
least to pretend they don't matter.

Bryce shies away from ostentatious or formal clothes,
preferring jeans and a dress shirt when he's conducting
business. One good-natured jibe, popular among the
younger patrons of Grimm's Occult Specialty Shoppe, is
that Bryce would have made a perfect hippie. Bryce's

favorite response to such ribbing is to run a hand casually

Chapter IV: The Chosen Few 97


NG All

through his long brown hair and say, "As a matter of fact,
I was a perfect hippie."

The Rev DayJah Voo

What He Says: The 2K /is tolling like a cracked bell/ I hear
adeath knell/ To the White Man's Hell/ Chango at my side/ Eyes
wide and fire/ Bright/ I got aringside/ At the landslide/ Trade my
chains for gold/ That's what I'm told/ But the situation's too cold/
For me/ You see my enemy/ Is you.

— Rev. DayJah Voo, "Procession"

What You Know: Check it out: The Rev is not dead.
They say he is, but they like to make ghosts of the living to
start with. Like Lazerus from the grave, the righteous Rev.
DayJah Voo still speaks, still walks, still calls down quiet
thunder for the coming apocalypse.

Another casualty of the East-West War, they said. No
one really listened to the power of his rhymes or the true text
of his message. All we ever saw, according to The Man, was
a gangsta with a voodoo edge and a drastic head for rage.
That's why his records sold like ice in August. That's why his
Word pumped from speakers all over AmeriKKKa. That's
why he got slammed by the Serve & Protect crew. They
tossed his ass backward into the bowels of the Devil, but he
came back stronger, badder, saved by the Word from on high.

That Word is "Loa," as in the gods of night, and that
Word saved the Rev from lame-ass dubs of guns and pussy and
turned him into the right righteous prophet of the 2K
Thunderflu. Tossed in a cell with this Rasta from Alphabet
City, the Rev was ready to backdoor the motherfucker when
Mr. Macumba starts unloading his gospel of Chango. God of
Gunpowder, Flame and Blood, Chango is the Master of the
Elements, and he's cooler than Jesus to this cellblock John
the Baptist. At first, the Rev was skeptical — hey, there'
of crackheads who'll tell you they're down with the forces of
the universe. But Mr. Macumba was no crackhead, and he
wasn't rambling. Sure, he told good stories, but inside those
stories, there was Truth. He knew things, too, and could do
stuff that made a motherfucker's hair turn white. In the
beginning, the Rev listened because he wanted a new trick
for his rapping. In time, he became a believer.

Rev chilled for about a year, then got sprung by his
label's lawyers. By that time, the prophet burned with a
mission: to get the Word of Chango out, to break down the
walls of the White Man's Babylon. He took up with houngan
named Michael Ashé and dove into macumba headfirst.
One night, he was dancing up a fury when Chango himself
came to the feast. He rode the Rev like a lover on fire, all
whiplashes and sweet pain, and promised the star he'd be
the loud prophet of the 2K.

Chango took the Rev on a ride in the spirit world;
there, the Rev saw the fall of the White Man's paradise, the
riots, crackdowns and eventual revolution that would come
when the computers crashed on Y2K. If the True Children

98 The Orphans Survival Guide


of the Thunderflu understood the Gospel of Fire, Chango
said, they would take up the keys to a new kingdom, one in
which all slaves would be free and all masters would be
slaves. When the Rev came down, his eyes literally blazed
with small fires. Those flames soon burned out, but the ones
in his soul never did. Like the dude in prison, DayJah could
do things — see ghosts, share thoughts, and scare the living
shit out of anyone he wanted without lifting a finger. His
prophet's gaze was enough.

Possessed, he locked himself in his studio for five days
and banged out the meanest jams he had ever set. Gospel of
Fire cracked the Top 10 two weeks out, and stayed there for
a month. Politicians and preachers screamed about the
"satanic" grooves and race-war lyrics, but whites and blacks
alike jammed on the sound. Instead of blow, gold and pussy,
the Rev threw his cash into help projects and offerings to
Chango. In Alphabet and Harlem, he opened chapels of the
New Way. The Church of the True Children drew a lot of
flack, but the Rev and his boys got the thing settled square.
That's when The Man came down.

They say it was a drive-by from some East Coast
bangers. Bullshit. When Chango's True Children caught
one of the blasters, he told (after a little Colombian tender-
ness) that he'd been paid by white dudes. There was no
funeral. There was no body. The riots lasted for days. As the
fires burned, True Children swore they heard Chango
laughing. Three days after the announcement of his death,
the Rev DayJah Voo returned. He showed the True Chil-
dren his scars, held their hands, and led prayers to Erzulie
and Damballah for his deliverance.

Since then, the Rev's label has released two more
albums, Vévés and Congo Square. Both have poured gold
from Babylon to the True Children. The Man says those
albums are posthumous, but those who know, know that the
Rev is alive. His fires burn low, but they still burn, and his
voice is like lava on a cold night. In his hands, the gris-gris
dances like a ghost. Each day, Y2K gets ever closer. When
it hits, not long from now, the Rev and his Children will
taise the fires of Chango and breach the walls of Babylon.

Chapter IV: The Chosen Few



Cha

Whe

p
n

fer V:
the

Fire Starts

Here's to lurid tales of romance,

Coke whores & closet queens & assorted
Creatures of the night.

4 a.m. leather boys with swollen glands
& astinky middle finger.

The snap, crackle, & fuck of

Cherry poppin' ,

strung-out D]'s.

— Ray Velasquez

She started screaming shortly after we got
home. Real horror-movie stuff, not the angry
slurs of routine domestic abuse, but real "oh-
fuck-he's eviscerating-me" kind of screams. Not
surprisingly, she was upstairs in Charlie's place.
Not bad enough the old redneck had beat on his
bitch like a drum, now that she'd left him, he'd
found a substitute

I was out the door and heading up the stairs,
Catherine's voice shrill behind me. "What the fuck are you
doing? I'm calling the cops! Get back here!"

l ignored Catherine. At their normal speed, the cops might
show up in an hour. By then, whatever was being done would be
long over. Besides, I wanted an excuse to hit someone

I warmed up on the door. Fistfalls boomed through the shitty
halls like thunderbolts. Behind my eyes, things were flat and red-hot.

Sparks sizzled through my vision. I didn't recognize my own voice:
"Alright you fucking bastard!! Open this fucking door! !"

Charlie complied, pulling it open like a boxer at Round One. His
pants were gone. His dick was rigid. His apartment stank like booze and
monkey cum. God knows how he got a woman there in the first place

The old bastard shouted something drunk and incoherent
I understood "...my bizzness...," but the rest was lost in a fog
of rage. Behind him, his latest conquest kept screaming.

And then, Charlie was like wallpaper, dripping. A blissful
silence settled down. Even the screamer went quiet. There was
something on my fingers, something wet.

Oh shit

Charlie had gone from man to mural without finishing his
sentence. In the distance, sirens picked up where the beaten chick
left off. The cops had picked a lousy time to make a liar out of me

It was shaping up to be a wonderful afternoon.

Chapter V: When the Fire Starts 101

se


NO Ail

IZ

What's the Deal?

So as it turns out, you're a mage.

You can change the world by simply willing it so. You
can travel into the spirit world or call forth the immense
powers of kinetic energy. Maybe you can slow time around
you to a crawl. Perhaps you can even control destiny itself,
always rolling a seven or 11 on your first cast of the dice, or
perhaps winning the lottery every week.

Why, then, are you spending your third straight day —
no sleep —fucked up on trucker speed, stalking around your
rat-trap apartment and using your bare feet to crunch the
light bulbs you've used to smoke your crank while your
starving child has cried herself into hoarse exhaustion one
room over? Why are you sucking dick for 20-dollar bills in
alleys where only half of the people who enter them make
it out alive? Why do you put yourself through yet another
vapid, empty night ina trashy dive bar, listening to the same
old: Wumpscut: and Switchblade Symphony songs, hoping
to nick enough sympathy booze from the barflies and
slumming hipsters to drink yourself into oblivion? Why the
fuck are you living off the garbage rooted out of McDonalds'

dumpsters, wearing the same filthy T-shirt you stole from a
thrift store two weeks ago and spending your nights all but
face down in the alcove of a church, wrapped up ina rancid
blanket like a drunk heroin burrito?

Because you're desperate, that's why.

Being a mage doesn't mean you're Superman. There's
no guarantee of power or comfort with your newfound
abilities. In fact, if you're an orphan, you've probably got no
guarantees of anything at all. No slick Tradition-toady
extending you a chance at the holy war. No Technocracy
brute making you an offer you can't refuse. You've probably
never even heard of the Ascension War, and you're just as
likely to have never heard of Ascension. You may not even
have a word for what you are — and you may have no idea
that there are others like you. In realizing the power you
possess, you may have seared someone's head off with a bolt
of electricity, or blown all the doors and windows out of an
entire subway train, shrieking, bloody-eyed, as the magick
boiled through you and everyone surrounding you looked
on in slack-jawed terror.

Welcome to the streets. Welcome to being an orphan.

Setting

Do you think that you can hold on

When the beat gets too strong

And you feel that you need help to move along?
Do you think that you can hang tough when
the rhythm gets rough

And the DJ says, "I think you've had enough"?
— Roni Size w/ Reprazent, "Railing"

So, as an orphan, life sucks and you're a
total freak. You're desperate. You're barely in
control of a magick that threatens to consume you. Shit, it's
more of a curse than a blessing. Why the hell would anyone
want to Storytell or roleplay something like this?

Because it's damn cool. It's cathartic. It's thrilling.
How does the lowlife live when the lowlife can turn the
world on its ear? Storytelling that desperation — which just
might lead to salvation — is profoundly satisfying. Hereafter
is some advice on how to do just that.

Who's Down Here?

One of the most important aspects of the setting is the people.
Ifyour orphans chronicle takes place among genteel society, either
you're going for irony or you're doing something wrong.

In a word, the streets are rough. As such, some pretty-
rough types are going to be stalking your chronicle, and none
of ‘em give a fuck about political correctness. The streets of the
World of Darkness are crawling with fags, niggaz, spics, pigs,
dykes, chinks, pervs, smackheads, hos, pimps, playaz and, of
course, whitey (whom you may choose to call The Man).

102

The Orphans Survival Guide

Knowing this fact — and using this terminology — doesn't
make you a racist. People say shit like that all the time. If you
say it and mean it, there's probably a bit of bigotry in you,
though, and if you're afraid of taking street talk into account,
you're probably playing the wrong kind of game.

Noteveryoneon thestreetsisahard-ass, hardcore hardcase,
though. Most folks on the streets are decent, honest people
who got screwed by fate and found themselves in bad situa-
tions. Any urban center is packed with the working poor,
transplanted immigrants (Chinatown? Little Italy? Haitian
ghettoes, anyone'), old or entrenched die-hards who refuse to
give up, and other folks who just want to make it through life
without getting into trouble. Ironically, these people are the
reason the streets exist — if everyone was an incorrigible
villain, life wouldn't be worth living. Of course, good people
are more rare in the World of Darkness than in our own, but
that just makes them all the more valuable.

The bottom line is that the streets are a melting pot —
mix.amess of good people witha really rotten handful of bad
people, stir in drugs, porn, violence, cramped living condi-
tions, insensitive laws, bad education, more violence, more
drugs and a faint hope of redemption and you've got the
World of Darkness. Now introduce your players' mages into
the mix and see what happens.

Speaking of which: What kinds of mages end up in the
streets? Well, there are those who join the Technocracy and
Traditions. This isn't a book about them, though, so they

can kiss my ass. With very few exceptions (see Destiny's


Price, Chapter Three), the streetside dudes woke up on the
wrong side of their Avatars and never really got over the
experience, or never wanted to.

Any street mage is going to have something that keeps
her where she is. (Otherwise she'd just change her reality to
something less hellish.) Some sorcerers are street priests or
shamans, working their miracles through divine interven-
tion or the wills of the spirits. Others — voodoo oungans,
community holy men, dedicated sons and daughters, and
the like — have cultural ties to the streets, like a family
residence, an ethnic neighborhood or a simple connection

to the people in a given area of town. Some mages have
simply gone insane with the power they possess, and live on
the streets because their skewed perceptions make it
difficult... for them to get on elsewhere. Willworkers may
have some cultural or social ties to the urban underbelly,
such as the charming Bitch Queen Vannoy and her crew of
black-lipsticked gothabouts. Some mages may belong to
cults or social movements — there's more than one magus

among the homeless hippie crowd and Satanic under-
ground alike. And in the end, most mages end up in the
streets for the same reason the Sleepers are there — they
just can't get out, no matter how hard they try.

In short, then, almost anyone who's got nothing more
to lose ends up in the streets. This distinction is important
to convey to your players — they've got to make characters
who won't be stabbed or conned right off the bat — but also
to keep in mind for your own Storyteller characters. Maybe

= €
/

the head of the drug ring that's kidnapping children from
the local state hospital is a Cultist of Ecstasy, but why the
hell would he need to run such a racket? It's more likely
some "self-Awakened" son of a bitch using his talents for his
own benefit, Tradition or Convention be damned.

Where the Hell are We?

As important as color characters are to a setting, it's
pointless to have them milling around in a featureless
environment. Despite crappy movies', books' and comics'
(and roleplaying games'...) presentations to the contrary,
most of the city is pretty damn boring. Not every corner has
a nightclub for gathering with your street-thug homiez, a
liquor store to rob when you need cash, a pawn shop for
hocking the loot you just heisted off the tourists, and a

crackhouse so you can score some rock. In fact, most
downtowns are laid out sensibly, with different districts of
commerce or residence. Clubs tend to be within a few
streets of each other (though there may be multiple club
districts — and that applies to other districts, too, so don't
give me any lip), as do apartment buildings, office skyscrap-
ers and other crows-of-the-same-feather. The only places
that really get scattered around the urban landscape are
churches, convenience stores and fast-food joints.

As a Storyteller, you don't have to concern yourself
with the intent or business of every building in your city
blocks. Heck, most people who live downtown don't have
any idea what goes on in their immediate environment

-A

Chapter V: When the Fire Starts 103

ID.

LD.

=e

and don't want to know! So you only have to cover loca-
tions that are important (which is actually pretty easy if
you're basing your chronicle in a teal city — just drive by
and make a note of what looks cool, what sparks. story idea,
and what would be necessary for logistics). Everything else
can be made up on the fly, or simply subsumed by the feel
of the city. Too much detail bogs down the story anyway.
(Note to Storytellers: Every now and then, you'll run
afoul of some loudmouth know-it-all (like me) who makes
a big show of knowing what's up and throws a big produc-
tion about the petty details your unhip ass gets wrong. If this
occurs, ask these players if it's really that important, or if
they're just being assholes, You, of course, know that it's
really not important to the story, which is what you're all
gathered to tell. If the player makes an issue, simply state,
"Why, yes, you're right, and isn't the story
for that critical detail?" If the pl
don't invite him to future

much better
layer is a consistent pain,
gaming sessions.)

Now Don't Wreck It

Playing a Storytelling game is hard, and being the
Storyteller is even more difficult. Too often, flippant re-
marks or unbelievable details can break the mood. Imagine
an intense tale of child abuse punctuated by a player
singing, "Beat on the brat/With a baseball bat/Oh, yeah!"
as you refrain from going for the Louisville Slugger yourself.
Here's how to avoid stuff like that.

104 The Orphans Survival Guide

nS AV AVE

* Know Your Characters

Don't worry about the players' characters — worry
about yours. Ifevery gangbanging muthafuckin' hoodie the
characters meet is an Ice-T clone, and every drug-peddling
cokehead isa nose-thumbing paranoid, your setting's gonna
wear thin real quick. Give your characters enough detail
and motivation to make ‘em unique, and spend some time
making ‘em individual people — personalities rather than
simple lists of Traits. (See The Book of Mirrors: The
Mage Storytellers Guide, Chapter Four for details and
suggestions.)

* Avoid White-Boy Syndrome

On the other hand, don't make yourself look stupid.
If you ain't jiggy wit da homeboyz (an' I bet you ain't),
don't try to talk da talk. Accents and voices are hard for
players to handle when they're used to your normal voice.
If you're good with voices and accents, cool, use ‘em; if
not, you're better off with sticking to turns of phrase, and
simple "in-character" gestures and manners of speech.
Some of us can handle Ebonics, but most others of us
can't, an' dats' just da way itis, homeboy! (Insert pained
expression here.) Speaking of...

* Don't do the PC Thing

Yeah, wi

all know how sensitive and Progressive you are,
otherwise you'd be playing AD&D, right? Well, fuck that PG
bullshit. The world is a big-ass place, and every detail you


7

J

5

throw in helps players suspend disbelief. Is your crack peddler
Puerto Rican? Then it's okay to mention something about his
"Latin appearance." Is the murder victim black? Same thing;
mention that fact if it's important. If your players get wigged,
remind ‘em it's just a fucking game. If it really tweaks some
meat (yours or theirs), then keep it above the belt, but please
don't throw whitewash across the dirty streets then expect ‘em
to shine. A chronicle set in the streets should be uncomfort-

able. Ifpeople grimace (atsomething other than your Ebonics),
you're probably doing it right.

¢ The Point

This book assumes you're an experienced Storyteller, and
that you know how to create a plot, maintain pace, and other
fruity pedantry. It all still applies, though — your chronicle needs
tohave something for players todo. High stakes and big price tags,
y'know? Hey, if you could change the world, if you were on the
brink of suicide and had no one to turn to, would you really posse
up with a bunch of other mages just to hang out at the Skull Barn
or wherever, and look tragically hip? Probably not. Player or
Storyteller, you need meat, juice and hunger to play in the streets.

Technique

Watch you fall away from me

Sinking into misery

— Lush, "Undertow"

It's easy to want to set your Mage game in
the streets — we've all seen enough movies,
been to enough nightclubs, or pulled down
enough "just one more" drinks at dawn to know
how exciting the outlaw side of life can be.
Playing an outlaw well, especially when your
straight, white, suburban ass doesn't have enough frame of
reference to make it believable, is a lot harder. To that end,
here are a few tips on making your story gritty, vibrant and real
(as opposed to a patchwork of post-Tarantino clichés):

Evoking Mood

Creating the proper atmosphere is probably the single
most important element in believable street-level chronicle.
Remember the movie The Crow? Did it matter how flimsy the
plot was, how goofy the characters were, or how preposterous
Top Dollar's crime syndicate was? Fuck no, because the movie
just felt cool. (In defense of The Crow, the original movie
maintained internal consistency, and gave its characters logi-
cal motivations — and quirks! — that grounded the movie's
sillier aspects. Crow II, in contrast, was a collection of bits that
looked cool on their own, but bit leper dick in the story and
character departments. Mood isn't everything, kids! )

Mood is that underlying feel — the look, style, sound and
ambiance — that gives the setting its power. Relaying those
kind of details without stumbling into the Bad Gothic Poetry
Corner is a bit of a trick, but even Bad Gothic Poetry is
preferable to a bunch of lines on graph paper. You want to go
for a balance —a mix between archness, menace and brevity
— when you set the scene, but for Christ's sake, set a scene.

Ultimately, though, the setting is only that: a place
where your characters (who are vital to the story) are. Pay
too much attention to detail and you grind the story to a
halt. Pay too little, and you may as well have your characters
interacting in featureless white rooms.

While building up a mood, remember a few things:

Stress the Human Level

Street-level chronicles are not about Umbraships,
Horizon Realms or Battles for Reality Itself. Oh, sure, that
Bane spirit might make an appearance toward the end of the
story, or that strange rift might appear in the wall of an
otherwise-normal tenement (see Kathe Koja's Cipher), but
for the most part, things remain grounded in the human
world. Conflicts revolve around addiction, broken hearts,
gutter wars and urban predators, not around dueling para-
digms, hypertech and fire-throwing wizards.

In urban survival games, the characters live alongside their
"sleeping" counterparts, not like shepherds among sheep, but like
alpha wolves in apack. The lines between Sleeper and Awakened
are rarely drawn at all, and remain blurry at best. Orphans have
strong ties to their "mortal" lovers, rivals and enemies, and deal
with normal people and animals far more often than with cyborgs
ordragons. When obviously magickal elements do appear, they're
wild, mysterious and often terrifying. Street orphans should rarely
take the "supernatural" for granted, and know little about the Big
Picture. When you're crafting stories for them, concentrate on
human emotions, conflicts and relationships, and leave super-
natural elements in the shadows where they belong.

Ditch Pretense

Look, be real. You're not a badass, and that's probably just
as well. If you're running a street-level game to name-drop
bands, catalogue drugs and impress your friends, the game's
gonna look cheesy, and you're gonna look like an obnoxious
dork. A street-level game is not about your "cred" — it's an
opportunity to play dirty without getting knifed and left in a
dumpster downtown. If you're really as hardcore as you're
pretending to be, why are you playing a Storytelling game in
your parents' basement instead of getting hopped on PCP and
killing cops down in the ‘hood, poseur?

(Don't answer that by example. I was making a point.)

There's nothing wrong with being a goob (trust me, I
know), and there's nothing wrong with being clueful enough
to get through a conversation without saying the word
"Anti-paladin." Just remember: Playing a badass does not

Chapter V: When the Fire Starts 105


NO All

make you a badass, and running a street game is preferable
to living in a crack house. (Again, trust us on this one.)
Don't confuse the two, and you'll be fine.

Mood, Not Maps

It's not worth the effort to detail every minor aspect of
the setting —just hit the important stuff and let the players'
imaginations fill out the rest. F. Scott Fitzgerald developed
his characters' personalities by revealing their actions and
quirks; use this technique to set the scene.

You can inject life into your scenery by illuminating its
personality, too. Check this out:

Drone: The streetis roughly 40 feet wide, witha pawn shop
and hourly motel on one side, and a liquor store on the other. A
uniformed police officer waits under a streetlight.

Mood: The street is slick and littered with crack vials...
and it's probably wider than you could sprint in a few seconds
if you needed to scatter. A few shady all-night establishments
have their doors open: a liquor store with fluorescent lights and
flickering beer signs, and the Palladium Arms, a slumbering
mess of a hotel offering refuge to a crack whore and this hour's
"boyfriend." Across the tarmac, a pawnshop stands, fenced
behind a security grate and glowing with some hidden business.
Beneath a buzzing streetlight, a beat cop paces back and forth,
swinging a nightstick....

Sure, the later example takes more time and effort to
relay, but look at the difference. The first is a recitation of
factiods. The second is a snapshot of the night. Which one
do you find more effective (and more conducive to paranoid
speculations)?

Sensory Detail

The streets are visceral, not intellectual, and the
people who survive there hone their animal instincts. The
"urban jungle" thing is a cliché, but there's truth behind
it. When you're living in a desperate environment, espe-
cially one where death crouches just out of sight, you take
the world in through all senses. When something goes
wrong, that sense of danger galvanizes you in ways that
intellectual comprehension never could.

An example: Let's say you lived in an apartment
complex where people beat each other behind closed
doors. Those doors don't do shit about the thinness of the
ls and floors, though, so everyone in the building hears
every blow and every scream. Now imagine that you hear
thuds, breaking glass and cries for help at 3:00 in the
morning. Upstairs. It sounds loud enough to come through
the floor—loud enough to feel as you lie safely in bed. The
blows fall so hard that things in your room rattle. As you
pull up out of your sleepy haze, you smell the spilled beer
creeping through the upstairs floorboards, pooling in a
skanky film right above your head. In the darkness, you
can hear and smell every detail. Each sob, each curse,
each... slamming door? Now imagine you feel footfalls

106

The Orphans Survival Guide

thundering down the stairs... voices raised and getting
closer... the animal sense of proximity just outside your
door... and then the shouted obscenities, booming shakes
and cries for help... and imagine the gut-trembling cer-

tainty that the violence has just come to your door, too.

Multiply that animal sense by the expanded aware-
ness of a mage, and you've got some idea of the power
sensory description can have. When you tell a story or play
a part, focus on the things a character in that situation
might feel. Use those impressions, and make your story
come alive.

Osing Music

After checking out the source material in the Appen-
dix and looking over your own collection of CDs and
tapes, you've probably got the urge to use some of that
music in your game. Cool. Here's some advice on that.
(Damn, there's advice on everything in this book, isn't
there?)

The easiest way to use music is to simply play the
album in the background while your game is going. Movie
scores and songs with no lyrics work best — when players
strain to hear the words or sing along, it's distracting as all
hell. Enterprising Storytellers may wish to key certain
game events to certain pieces of music for dramatic effect
— the big fight with the gangstaz may need a hardcore
drum ‘n' bass score, while the descent into the condemned
apartment building's basement may warrant a creepy goth
song. Getting your hands on a CD-ROM burner or record-
able CD-R player may be just the thing for a Storyteller
who wishes to score her chronicle, though a music carou-
sel or mix tape works just as well. As long as you're not
getting up every four minutes to change the song, you
won't break the mood.

Music sets the scene in ways no amount of description
can match. If the characters walk into a nightclub, play
the music the club plays. If a car full of homiez pulls up to
the curb, crank some bad noise and get the blood pumpin'.
You don't have to play the whole song to set a mood — just
use enough to give the players a sense of what their
characters hear. Think of it as a soundtrack to your
chronicle, just like in the movi

Gota favorite song, one that inspires you to flights of
devilishness? By all means, use it. (We do — shit, you
should hear some of the stuff we listen to as we write these
books.... For a short list, see the Appendix.) Characters,
events, settings, even entire stories and themes can all
come from a well-written lyric or a moving piece of music.
It's also a lot more fun to plan a chronicle when you've got
music jamming in the background. So turn up some
upbeat techno or put in some hardcore rap; heck, throw in
some goth rock and you'll be good to go. Good music
stimulates creativity. Since what you're working on here
is a labor of creativity, music can only help.


i
7 4
Push It Over the Top

Inthe hostile nocturnal streets of the real world, people
die, rape, steal, shoot up, kidnap, grift, and otherwise screw
over their fellow man for their own gain. In the World of
Darkness, this happens even more often than it does in ours
— that's part of what makes the world so inhospitable. To
drive the point home, show the violence of the night to your
players' characters. Have them step over dead whores to get
to their destinations. Confront them with a cop looking for
someone to grease his palm. Sell the characters (not the
players!) bad drugs, or give one AIDS from a dirty needle.
Hit them with every bit of disgusting or horrid a trip as the
World of Darkness can muster — because the street is where
all the ill shit goes down, baby.

In the end, your players should be a bit (or a good deal,
depending on your intent, Miss Storyteller) uncomfortable
with the game's events. That's good; let them leave the
table thinking, "Jesus, thank God this is only a game. I guess
I don't have it as bad as I thought I did." It's like a good cry
ata movie or the final nail in the coffin of a particularly sour
relationship. It's heavy when you're dealing with it, but I'll
be damned if you don't feel better afterward. Just make sure
your group can handle it. Not everyone is ready to deal with
hardcore subjects. Your call.

Be a Total Freak

Indulge whatever weirdness hides in that black little
abscess you call your soul. This sentiment is part of the "push
it over the top" element, but deserves mention on its own
merits. You're storytelling here; as long as nobody's a jackass,
noone's going to get hurt. If your troupe can handle it, indulge
in your darkest and most twisted daydreams and nightmares.
Got a sexual hang-up? Work it out. Ever been out-of-your-
mind drunk or so ruinously hopped up on drugs you couldn't
stand? Bring that experience to the table. You want to smash
a cop in the face? Do it vicariously through the characters.
Every little deviant whim, every little malicious thought and
monstrous urge that festers inside you is fodder for the game.
Just make sure you don't take any of it with you when the
game's over. If youkill your parents to get on the news, then tell
people you've "Awakened," you're a loser.

It Can't Rain All the Time

Know when to let the sun break through the clouds.
Sure, an orphan's lot is supposed to be brutal, desperate
and alienated, but if that's all there is, why bother? Mage is
about hope, after all; that hope is hard-won, often pur-
chased with blood sacrifice, but it is there. If the chronicle
becomes an endless parade of miserable clichés, if the
characters cannot ever get a break, the game — and it is a
game! — grinds down and dies. Most down-and-outers
have lost hope because they cannot change their world.
Mages, even orphans, can. That fact offers the key to the
urban cage. Don't throw it away.

Themes

Yeah, we know. The World of Darkness™ reverberates
with the words "Gothic-Punk™"; there's more to that
trademarked hyphenate, however, than Sisters of Mercy
CDs and Dead Kennedys T-shirts. The brooding richness of
the setting includes creepy, be-gargoyled office buildings
and crumbling downtown cathedrals; busted-down clubs
and piss-washed alleyways; "old-money" condominiums
soaring above filthy streets; anachronistic mansions and
spraypainted convenience stores. But those backdrops,
evocative as they are, are just a whisper of the street story.
The setting calls out for more.

Gothic

Morning has broken and what do I see

Those same bloody fingerprints following me. So it's

Backward and forward and back again twice it don't

Pay to be thankful don't pay to be nice

— Rasputina, "Endomorph"

Moving beyond the architectural idiom and looking
into the literary tradition of the gothic aesthetic opens even
more vistas for a Mage chronicle. While Vampire seems
like the obvious choice for gothic subject mater, the deeper
themes of the midnight soul are pretty appropriate to Mage
chronicles... especially ones that feature orphans.

First point: Not everyone in the streets wears black
wardrobes, eyeliner and an overabundance of silver jewelry.
In fact, very few folks do. Goths tend to be insular people
who prefer each other's company to that of outsiders (ex-
cept for those who enjoy freaking the mundanes, which has
its merits), and are not commonly found among multiple
tiers of street culture.

Second point: "Gothic" sensibility is not about white
facepaint, black lace and Bauhaus records. Sure, those
props are aspects of the gothic subculture, but they're
simply part of the scenery. The true heart of the "goth"
aesthetic lies in passion and mortality, not in fashion and
consumerism.

To the gothic sensibility, everything is larger-than-
life: passion, sex, death and insanity take on godlike forms
and mythic overtones. Symbolism, particularly morbid
symbolism, is everywhere. Animals, weather, jewelry, mu-
sic — everything is significant. Magick (especially the
pagan or Satanic varieties) weaves through the night like a
dream of a mad god, and each word, each flash of lightning,
each caress is a communion with arcane forces. When
you're emphasizing gothic themes, make everything count
— foreshadowing, background music, dreams, and heavy
symbolism are intrinsic parts of the midnight vision.

Gothic tales also emphasize the decadence, if not the

outright decay, of outdated aristocracies. (Remember "The
Fall of the House of Usher"?) Although such ideas may seem

Chapter V: When the Fire Starts 107

NK

q

ID. WWs


IS

NO Ail

out of place ina "mean streets," chronicle, they work well once
you adapt them a bit. Perhaps your street sorcerers come into
conflict with a Fallen or disgraced member of the Order of
Hermes who desperately maintainsa crumbling estate in town.
Ormaybe the "aristocrat" is "just" a mortal, but a powerful and
influential one — a corrupt banker, washed-up gang kingpin
or police captain on the ropes. Illustrating the character's fall
from grace makes for a good sense of ideals cast aside and goals
long abandoned.

Passion — most often of the doomed or impossible-to-
realize variety — plays an important role in the gothic tradition,
too. This aspect is particularly poignant in the streets — the
characters' dreams may prove unattainable simply because of
who and where they are. Consider the wasted old man in the
crumbling tenement; once, he was an aspiring wizard, but power-
lust and fear stood in the way of true awareness, and now his life
isnearly spent. Or the teenage orphan whose lover was Embraced
byavampire; now he tries to recapture what they had, butshe has
literally passed on beyond that point, and finds her new (un)life
far more interesting than her old one. Such passions, neatly
stoked but kept a hand's-breadth from satisfaction, can fuel
endless storylines. Naturally, such exquisite pain shouldn't be-
come a license for endless player buggerey, but itis a key concept
in gothic (and punk, and mean-street) fiction that Fate is a nasty
bitch when passion is involved. Feel free to be one, too.

The line between sanity and the lack of it remains a
popular gothic mainstay, too. Whether such madness trickles
out of a decadent, inbred aristocracy, howls down from a
terrible insight, or simply bubbles up from the crevices of the
mind, dementia plagues the characters of gothic literature.
This concept adapts easily to the streets — living in the city is
maddening enough without having to deal with drugs, pov-
erty, moral bankruptcy and magick. Under those circumstances,
anyone would crack sooner or later.

Insanity in an urban chronicle takes many forms: the
hopelessly addled junkie; the demented Marauder on the
street corner; the mindless sewer-folk sleeping in the foulest
passages of the undercity; the mad mentor with a deadly legacy;
the corrupt elder magi secluded in dark corners of the sprawl;
even the unraveling sanity of the newly Awakened orphan,
lost in a tempest without a life vest, and sinking more quickly
than he realizes...

Romance — preferably the unattainable kind — also
plays an important role in gothic drama. In this case, doomed
passions rise between two people who really would be better off
far away from each other. Jagged obstacles — disapproving
family, social rivalries, insanity, pride, etc. — turn the "course
of true love" (orat least pure lust) into Hell's own mile; in their
yearning, the lovers tear themselves to pieces on those ob-
stacles. Perhaps a willworker and her lover belong to rival
factions (the Order of Hermes and the Hollow Ones) who will
never accept such a sordid match. Maybe one lover is Awak-
ened and the other is not, and neither one can share in the
pains and wonders of Awakening. A budding love interest may

108 The Orphans Survival Guide

die, sparking the heartbroken paramour into an investigation
of the forces behind the death. And, in a pinch, the old
"kidnapped girlfriend" shtick still works, too.

In the end, the gothic tradition may be considered "Ro-
mantic," but it certainly doesn't romanticize. It emphasizes the
barbaric, the unattainable, and the doomed. While such court-
ships may summon up images of medieval conceits — castles,
nobles, physical conflict — they do so in a brutal, horrific,
torchlit way. This filter of the grotesque works exceedingly well
among the trash-strewn alleys and tenements of the city streets.

Finally, there's humor — morbid humor, but humor none-
theless. To the gothic view, life is the biggest joke of all. Youcan
weep all you want, but the Reaper's still laughing, so you might
as well, too. Calling gothic comedy "gallows humor" is an
understatement, but when you consider the roots of the term
"humor" — that is, a bodily fluid, often unbalanced — you start
to get the picture. Elaborate, self-mocking and often played out
at other peoples' expense, gothic humor can make for surprising
tales, characters and settings — the arcane ritual that happens
to be a prank by Lord Byron, the demon who snares souls in his
cheesy gargoyle collection, or the gothic roller-skating night at
the local club — especially for players and/or characters who
think "gothic" means weepy and miserable.

Talk about heresy...

Punk

We're fighting for a different cause

Succeeding where the hippies failed

And it's sure that you can bet

We'll be more than a drugged-out threat

— 7 Seconds, "Clenched Fists, Black Eyes"

Oh, yeah, we're all down with punk — y'know, the Off
spring kick ass, and Gwen Stefani's really rad, and Hot Topic has
10 different Black Flag T-shirts, and... you get the point. Punk
isnotanew thing, norisitmuch ofa fashion statement. Allright,
informal poll: Were you even alive the year Sid Vicious died? If
not, kindly junk the idea that your Sex Pistols shirt is cutting
edge, then come out and look at the real core of "hardcore."

First of all, punk is about defiance. If goth twists in the
winds of Fate, punk pisses in them. Sure, the punker gets
splattered with his own piss, but fuck that, it's better than
laying down and dying — or worse, walking around in the
living death of conformity. Although constantly mistaken for
raw rage (which has led to the ‘90s scene being overrun with
the kind of macho assholes that the original punks hated), this
defiance runs through the music and lifestyle of hardcore
punks. Considering the high cost of that defiance — physical
breakdown, financial ruin, legal hassles and emotional burn-
out — it's no wonder that punk is a young person's game.

onall levels. Old punks tend to mellow out (Patti Smith), burn
out (Wendy O. Williams), sell out (John Lydon) or die out
(g.g. allin). Very few get out alive.


By definition, any mage defies the order he was raised in.
Magick doesn't exist — that "truth" is drilled into the head of
every child in the civilized world — and so to practice magick,
even for the Technocracy or Traditions, is defiance. To the self-
Awakened, who throw their previous lives out the window,
defiance is often all they have left. A mage who gravitates toward
the punker lifestyle understands it on a far deeper level than any
of her mates do. You can take a safety pin out of your cheek, but
you can't remove magick without destroying your soul.

any

In the name of defiance, too many people cop to the idea
that two chords, some beer and a spine-wrenching mosh make
the perfect punk brew. The missing ingredient, which seems all
but gone by the late ‘90s, is imagination. The original tenets of
punk favored anti-conformity, individuality and originality
(hell, the goth-rock movement began as punk). Sadly, by
the time the Sex Pistols were invented (that's right
invented), the imagination thing was already on its way
out the door. Even so, a person who really em-
braces the punk ideal does things his way —
kinda like a self-Awakened mage.

Most orphans cook up their own
magicks out of bits and pieces of stuff that's
important to ‘em. When no one is handing
you The Secrets of the Universe as We
Know Them, imagination becomes a sur-
vival trait. It's this imagination, this
punkish element of anti-conformity,
thatmakesthe Hollow Onesand their
kind the wild cards of the Ascension
War... and possibly the keys to the
existence or damnation of humanity,
as well. Other, older groups are too
mired in their ways to understand
the pulse within their Arts the way
the self- Awakened do.

Oh, yeah: Don't forget disgust.
Disgust with normalcy, with mate-
rialism, with the status quo in any

form. Punk pulls down its pants and
shits all over anything "conventional"
society holds dear. Possessions? Trash ‘em! Health?
Fuck it! Manners? What planet are you from? While
certain segments of the "punk underground" (what-

ever the fuck thatis!) strive for social reform, political
activism and straight-edge bodily health, the punk
ethos (suchas itis) disdains comfort, acceptance and
wealth. The ultimate expression of the "ideal" is to

run away from home and live in communal ruins —
junkyards, abandoned buildings, handmade shacks,
etc. — existing on the fringe like a tribe that has
forsaken the rest of the world. While most punks stop
far short of that lifestyle, many orphans find they've

got no choice but to accept it... at least until their
Arts become strong enough to turn things around.

Chapter V: When the Fire Starts 109

D.WWWY


In Case | Haven't Insulted You Yet

Here's a list of quick-and-dirty observations collected from having spent too many
nights in dubious locations and conditions. Yeah, so I sound arrogant saying this. So what?
Itneeds to be said, at least to those folks who don't know. I've encountered enough dim shits
who think youcan "dodge" a point-blank bullettomake me want to stress @ few things while
we're off thé subject. So take this'in the spirit in whieh it's intended, Pretty please. Thank
you. i
* Onlyvicé cops, professionals.and dorks wear trenchcoats. If you're playinga character
ina stréet-level game; you're probably. not playing &professional, though.you may be a cop.
And nobody without some serious Correspondence can fit a katana into-a trenchcoat, for
God's sake, so. don't try. Speaking of,

* Only psychotics, witch-hunters and the terminally fucked-up carry swords! Street
weapons afé easily hidden, often homemade and effective rather than'showy. Get caught
with a.sword and you're going' to jail, weirdo, Atleast you can get 4 pefmit for a gun.
(Developer's Note: | got caught walking' down thestreet with an edgeless fake sword one
Halloween Eve; before the cops let me go, they had called'in 12 cars worth of backup, and
questioned me for/half an/hour.)

© Don'tdrink, smoke of snortanything without leartiing what it is first. Driigs and other
substances passed around in caSual environments ofteti Haye other "additives," and youmay
find yourself smoking arigel dust-laced pot or drinking vodka with. acid in it: Snorting
anything that's\intended tobe cooked up will probably. kill you.

 Sh6otingup is fucked up: If you'dos you have a problem. You've moved fromthe realm
Of "Castial abuser" to "ptobable casualty in the short#term futute;" or atleast "bound for the
gutter." It's not.romantic; it's just dumb:

Homelessness sucks; Ifyou doubt that, go two or three days trying to scratch up shelter
in the summer or winter, forsaking electricity, eritertainment, food; clean clothes and
hygiene (which some folks do, homeless or not). (Another Developer's Note: A friend of
mine once fan away from home with her boyfriend and spent three.cold nights sleeping in
a porta-potty. Imagine doing that for any length of time!) Soon, you won't have'to-suspect
that other people consider you a freak. You will be one, even by your own standards.

¢ Getting arrested or going to jail doesn't make you cool or give you cred. It's just proof
that you were dumb enough to get caught doing something illegal, and it will make other
aspects of your life — like getting a decent job

© Getting shot hurts, bad (especially after tial "trauma-so-massive-your-body-
shuts-it-out-so-you-don't-die-of- shock" response weats off), and isn't something anyone
without a death wish is willing to risk. Getting shot is scary as hell. . people often find it
more effective than shooting someone directly.

¢ Fighting is a good way to die, orat least get laid up for a Jong time. Most fistfights last
about 10 seconds; by the time thé third punch lands, the guy getting hit is usually out of the
picture. Street melees involving tite jacks, brol n bottles, and metal telephone cords
boosted from pay phones don't just happen spont: ausly — you've got to be really drunk;
Kigh.or angry to whale on someone with an nt, because using @ Weapon méans'yOu,
intend to do serious damage. (Dey "soaking" all bat sometime if this isn't obvious
énough already.) ie

*-Likewise, gang beatings are serious ‘alas — six skinheads or se@trity-guards
Pounding.on you will inflict six times the bruises, hemorrhages, broken'bonies_and-dther
anguish that justone of them pounding on you will. (Yet Another Developer's Note:-A guy
Tknew was gang:jumped and beaten with a crowbar. He was in the hospital forthtee months
and suffered a permanent limp, brain damage and lots and lots of pain.) Bottom line: Getting
beation sucks. Don't picka fight unless you're willing to getfuckéd up and suffer accordingly,
And remember that suffering doesn't erase like check marks on a chart.


ai
_,
—
Anarchy, that much-slapped bitch of the punk subcul-

ture, is the idea that government is essentially corrupt — that
the best form of rule is self-rule, and fuck anyone who tries to
lock you down. Ideally, all people should be self-reliant and
self-responsible enough to make police and religion obsolete.
Inessence, this ideal goes to the heart of the modern magician's
creed —"as ye harm none, do what thou wilt" —a creed that,
like anarchy, is practiced more in words and violation than in
observance and understanding. Still, every mage who throws
shit at the Traditions, Technocracy and Nephandi is a true
anarchist. Fuck laws, she says, I can take care of myself just fine!

It doesn't take Chris Carter to come up with plots for an
anarchist mage. Between the Traditions, the Technocracy,
the mortals, cops and creatures of the night, the shadow world
is full of big people trying to bust your ass. Maybe our Hollower
clique is resisting a "recruitment" effort from the local Tradi-
tion cabal. Or hiding from the Men in Black. Let's say a gang
war between a vampire lord and a pack of werewolves has
erupted right through the middle of the orphans' neighbor-
hood; or imagine the cops are cracking down on the "Satan
worship" the city council's been complaining about lately...

Yeah, punk is violent — intellectually, physically, emo-
tionally brutal. It accepts no whining and takes no prisoners.
Slam dancing, brawls, spiked leather and pierced flesh come
with the territory, and other brutalities — pissed-off cops,
urban predators, gang rivalries and the racist/anti-racist punk
fringes — are close behind. To surf through a mosh pit, live in
a basement and shrug off alienation, you've gotta be tough.
The self-Awakened understand that fact like no one else.
Bitch Queen Vannoy's put her share of this book together for
a reason. Between the inner fires, outer parasites and oppress-
ing forces all around you, a self-Awakened kid is either
hardcore, or she's meat.

Story Ideas

Enough pontificating. Here are a few story ideas to get you
going. Use all, part , or none of these suggestions — but be sure
to make the story your own.

¢ Now On Tour

The player characters' cabal isa touring band, or part of one's
road crew. This provides the Storyteller with a variety of back-
drops, all of which are very social settings, by which to involve
characters in any number of subplots. The tour can even move
from city to city rather than club to club, allowing the characters
to see just how widespread the hellishness of urban life is.

© The Sweetest Pie

The characters gather on the turf of a prominent gang.
Rather than pay extortion for "protection," the characters
band together and kick the gang's collective ass. Now they're
the reigning gang... and there's money to be made in the
protection racket. If the characters become involved in that,
open the door to new criminal activity — kidnapping, drug
traffic, prostitution, etc. The characters' unique powers give

them an edge, but how far will survivors of the original gang
(or others) go to take back what was originally "theirs"?

© Skin Trade

Kidnapping and bodysnatching are on the rise, and some-
one close to the characters disappears. After a bit of
contact-flogging and rumor-seeking, the characters learn that a
slave, snuffor "spare parts" ring is behind the matter. They could
choose to shut it down, report it, attack it, etc. — or they may
choose toget in on itthemselves and reap the illicit benefits. Best
of all, the decision may split the cabal down the center, which
should make for some intense roleplaying.

Kick the Habit

One of the players' characters gets hooked on drugs. (Make
it a responsible player who's a good roleplayer, or this loses its
impact.) Secretly tell the player to roleplay the effects of the
addiction — the broken promises, ill behavior, binges and
purges, wild mood swings — and let her drive the rest of the
group up the wall. Then, just as the other characters are about
to write her off, reveal the drug habit and explore the aftermath:
Do they get help for her? Lock her up to kick it cold turkey? Does
another character (a dealer, a cop, a fellow addict) get dragged
in? This scenario makes for some intense and very personal
roleplaying — once the wheels are spinning, the Storyteller can
kick back and let the players take over, adding some NPC
roleplaying when the need arises.

¢ Night War

Two groups of supernaturals — vampires, werecreatures,
ghosts, other magi—have gone to war, and the player characters
arein the middle. Thisisan ideal opportunity tostress the totally
alien nature of the other night-creatures, to pitch the old "it's a
7th Generation Tremere with five ghouls" thing out the window
and return mystery to the darkness. Vampires become bloody-
handed immortals with inhuman powers; lycanthropes become
hulking shadows with huge claws and cannibalistic hungers;
ghosts and spirits become howling chaos, and the fae twist the
uncertain realm of night into the even-less-certain realm of
nightmare. I'm not taking about a "crossover game," but a
fearsome clash of half-hidden monsters in the characters' back
yard. Throw everything you know about other WoD games out
the window, and emphasize mood and uncertainty over
chumminess and familiarity. (See the descriptions in Mage, pp.
232-237, and Cassie's impressions in Cult of Ecstasy, pp. 41-44,
and forget you ever heard the word "Camarilla.")

In Closing

Yeah, this is a great deal of information to choke down in
one sitting. Ultimately, though, the guidelines for creating a
believable, dramatic street-level chronicle are simple: Have it
make sense, use good characters, plan ahead, and build up on
mood, mood, mood! So crank up Fat of the Land, dim the lights,
watch a few vids from the Appendix, and get ready to dump
your players into postmodern hell, Mage-style.

The night is waiting.

Chapter V: When the Fire Starts 111

Ne
N



pendix:

e Stash

You can't keep me down

Put me in my place

I will never wear your 20th-century pacemaker face
You will never bleed

The spirit out of me

I'm flesh and blood and real

I'm not your factory fantasy

No, not me!

— Concrete Blonde, "Free"

I used to think I was helpless. Until the
angel came

She rode the storm on dirty white wings and
whispered to me in words I could never understand.
The first time I saw her, I had a razor to my wrist.
Imeant to doit, too—lengthwise. Serious, y'know?
It was a bout half-past three and the drugs no longer
worked and all I could feel was pain. When I saw the
light outside my window, I thoughtit was justa flash
of lighting. I was wrong — about so many things.

I'm no goody-goody. I left the Path of Righteousness a long
time ago and never looked back. But the angel didn't care. She

has never asked for devotions or Bible studies or anything like
that. The angel simply guides me, and I know I'm not alone, and
I'm damned sure not helpless

Since the night of the razor and the storm, I've learned so
many things. How to see again, really see, to get past the
illusions we're all bound by. I've learned to make the wind rise
and the candle flames flicker when there's no breeze to stir them
I've learned to find forgotten truths, to speak to the Lost Souls
and to disappear into the shadows. But most of all, I've learned
I'm not alone

I will never take that truth for granted. Some nights, it's all
that gets me by.

Appendix: The Stash 113

lL SS Ze

D4


iam that little bitch

you fear cuz i am not afraid
i'm everything that's real
and no, i will not break

— Manhole, "Sickness"

As you may have noticed by now, the
average orphan (especially a young urban
one) doesn't see things in quite the same light
as your average Tradition dude. Chances are,

she won't understand two-thirds of the terminology that
other mages toss around (para-dig-um? What the fuck is
that?) and really couldn't give a rat's ass for the Future of
Reality as We Know It. Reality as she knows it flat-out sucks.

For the most part, an urban orphan is just out for
herself. That doesn't mean she can't or won't have a greater
vision than "What can I boost tonight?" It just means her
priorities and perspectives are different. If you choose to
play an orphan, the real challenge will come from roleplaying
someone who knows things you probably don't (like scoring
crashspace and dope) and doesn't know things you un-
doubtedly do (like the details of the World of Darkness).
Once you begin to realize what is important to that charac-
ter, the new vision will come on its own.

As the sidebar in the Introduction shows, a self-Awak-
ened character uses the same systems as any other mage. A
few slight differences have been noted below, but for the
most part, the real departure comes from what you put into
the character, not in any "new rules" we could devise.

Traits

Depending on the kind of story you want to run, the
Storyteller might decide to start each character as an un-
Awakened person with mortal Traits (Attributes 6/4/3, Abilities
11/7/4, 5 freebies, normal Backgrounds and Willpower). The
Spheres, Arete and additional Attributes and Abilities would
be kept "on hold" until after the character Awakens and finds
her way around her new world. At this point — and this point
only! —the remaining points may be spentas usual; the normal
points would be spent over a short period of time rather than
all at once. This option would reflect a "growth spurt" as the
new mage dives headfirst into the shadows.

"Street scene" characters tend to favor certain Abilities;
ahomeless orphan would probably count Alertness, Scroung-
ing, and Survival (Urban) among his talents. For the most part,
use common sense and keep an eye out for Abilities that would
prove useful in urban hellholes. Orphan characters begin with
the usual amount of Background dots; certain Backgrounds,
however, are more appropriate than others. It makes sense that
a self-Awakened mage would have very high Allies, Arcane,
Avatar, Destiny or Dream Traits, but few orphans would

114

The Orphans Survival Guide

possess Chantry, Library, Node or Resources. (Although there
can be exceptions; see the Wall Street Wizard template.)
Magickal Talismans and Devices are in pretty short supply
among those who don't have much to begin with. Even so, the
occasional item of power manages to show up, usually as an
inherited treasure or as plunder from a good snatch-n-grab.
Familiar, Influence, Mentor and Sanctum could go either way
— there isn't any reason to deny a street-based character a
powerful familiar or a handle in back-alley "politics," but
power and security in the conventional sense should be rare.

The "General Ability Templates" in Destiny's Price (pp.
96-98) offer a variety of sample character-types to draw upon.
Chapter Three of that same book offersa variety of options and
extrapolations for "urban" versions of many Traits, as well as
motivations and methods for street mages, and some informa-
tion about magick, the Law and your character.

Street Magick

Wrap yourself in psychotronic ecstasy

Surrealistic visions of electricity

Change the meaning of the word "reality"

Surrender to your soul, now tell me what you see

—Electric Hellfire Club, "The Electric Hellfire Acid Test"

Self-Awakened mages occasionally begin their new
lives with a bit of occult knowledge — usually just enough
to be dangerous! More often than not, though, they start
from Ground Zero with nothing more magickal than intu-
ition and blind luck. To progress, they need instruction and
experience. Without that, the asylum, the Paradox Realm,
the Caul and the grave are never far away.


Wild Talent and Magickal Training

In the early days of her magickal career, an orphan may
begin with a surge of wild talent (see Mage, pp. 226-227),
especially if she's suffered some traumatic event. While the
average mage has enough "sponsorship" to receive help
during her Awakening, an orphan (often alone and fearing
for her sanity) might be haunted by hallucinations, night-
mares, and flashes of wild magick. Her mind, trying to
balance new understanding and perceptions with pain or
passion, careens wildly back and forth, triggering bizarre
coincidences or collateral damage. In the process, she often
alienates everyone she knows. Until she finds some new
stability, she wanders in a half-mad daze, bleeding from
emotional and metaphysical wounds.

This isn't the case with all orphans, of course; some
Awaken during a moment of great peace or comprehension;
even these characters, however, experience a bit of... um,
stress as the reality they thought they knew gives way into
might trigger
wild talent or other odd "coincidences" nearby: lights
flicker, dogs growl, windows crack and perceptions skew.
Until the new mage gets her bearings, things will be

one in which anything is possible. This stres

distinctly weird in her presence

In game terms, your Storyteller is going to make your
character's life hell. While some people do Awaken in
calm, subtle fashions, really traumatic experiences are more
dramatic. Depending on what the Storyteller wants to do,
the wild talent might last for one event, a few days, or even
a few weeks... assuming it appears at all. During this time,
the mage cannot control what happens — the magick
controls her, although she might be able to direct it indi-
rectly. ("I wish that guy would go away... No! Notlike that!!")

Mentors, Familiars and the Avatar

During this dark night of the soul, helpmates often
come to the new mage; she might not understand what they

are and will probably fear them — but they often

understand her situation better than she does. Most
helpmates appear in some "down and out" fashion — as
bums, kindly old folk, fellow scenesters, or street beasts. It's
essential that the new mage trust her helpmate, and few
orphans will trust The Man as far as they could throw him.

Other magi — often orphans or Errants themselves
might recognize what's going on. With a bit of compassion

and a lot of tough love, an elder could introduce his new
"apprentice" to the magickal world. Naturally, the mentor
will have his own agenda; his services will not be free, and
his intentions might not be, shall we say, honorable. (Imag-
ine Denise or Jodi Blake in the mentor role....)

Animal familiars are pretty common in the backstreets
world; intelligent cats (like Mister Mistoffelees), ravens,
hounds, rats, possums, even sewer gators (ew!) might
present themselves to a mage in trouble. For a little extra

ID.

Appendix: The Stash 115

NO Ail

\

2

consideration, a familiar could guide its "pet" away from
chaos and down the Path of higher learning.

The inner Avatar, however, is the orphan's most obvi-
ous helpmate. Forsaken by all others, an orphan still has
herself... and the guiding spirit within. Not that the aver-
age Wintershiner can tell the difference between an Avatar
who looks like a wino and a mentor who looks like one, too;
still, most Avatars appear in fairly unearthly forms: the
mysterious cloaked figure, the death-angel, the blazing
clown or the nagging tug of madness. Some orphan groups
share a particular view of the Avatar: the Hollow Ones, for
example, see spirits with wings; while Awakening True
Children receive visions of Chango or other Loa. Very few
orphans, however, define what they see as an "avatar";
indeed, many of them choose not to speak of it at all. To
speak the name of madness aloud is to admit you're insane,
and most orphans are afraid that's exactly what the Avatar
is: proof of their insanity.

Whatever form it takes, the helpmate will have its
work cut out for it. Calming the mage and assuring her that
she is sane (to some degree, anyway) is only the beginning.
Still, everyone needs a family, and the teacher is, for better
and worse, the core of that family. The love or hatred this
teacher inspires will be extremely important to the new
mage, and might guide her Path forever after.

Learning New Magicks

In story terms, self-Awakened mages learn their Arts
through practice and instruction, just as other sorcerers do.
This "instruction" is a lot less formal, though — it's pretty
hard to study your Tradition's theories in the Chantry
library when you have neither a Tradition, a Chantry or a
library. Most orphans hone their magicks with small, subtle
tricks — not flying carpets or fireballs, but clever "coinci-
dences" and social influence. Many self-Awakened folks
wind up studying occult lore (fairy tales, magician's texts,
New Age books, group apprenticeship, etc.), if only to
figure out what they've become. In between the lines, they
often learn what they need to know.

In game terms, orphans lack a "Tradition Sphere";
raising Spheres with experience costs the current Sphere
rating x 8. As an option, the Storyteller might allow the
character one "affinity Sphere" (see Mage, p. 226) that she
can improve at current rating x 7. The player must describe
what her character is doing to learn her new tricks, but the
process for improving Sphere ratings is the same as it would
be for any other mage. Orphans suffer from a lack of
"official" training, not from any mystick deficiency.

Using Magick
How do orphans define the Spheres? Simple: They

don't. Oh, yeah, they still use the same game systems
other mages employ, but the concepts of "Life Spheres,"

116 — The Orphans Survival Guide


"conjunctional Effects" and "rotes" are totally foreign to
the self-Awakened. As orphans see it, magick is a talent
honed by practice and skill, a gift from the gods or
demons, or an occult Art achieved through hard work
and sacrifice. Even so, the self-Awakened still have their
tricks and talents. They just don't define them in any
special way.

Those talents are a double-edged blade. The ability to
change reality to spec is pretty significant, especially in a
"hungry" setting like the streets. Being able to cause miracles
isa good way to become popular, and being popular is a good
way to get dead. Thus, the urban magus needs to be subtle;
people who "get lucky" every week in the numbers racket or
"just happen" to find briefcases full of money may attract
attention — bad attention. Likewise, hurling fireballs and
sprouting wings ensures that everyone in the urban hell
learns your name quickly. This ain't Batman, and if you get
involved with some inexplicable shit, it's going to come
back to haunt you ina big way. (Even so, weird shit happens
in the inner city, and locals understand that; see "Urban
Sprawls" in Mage, p. 185.)

In these dangerous surroundings, sorcerers are ad-
vised to come up with alibis for the crazy shit that seems
to follow them around. Be advised, however — it takes a
certain degree of cunning to make it on the streets, and the
"oh, it's a movie" line works only so many times before the
Gs start to add things up. In the interest of long-term
survival, we present a helpful street few uses for the ever-
popular Arts of Magick:

© Correspondence: Word travels fast on the street, as
does the mage commanding the Sphere of Correspondence.
This is the stuff (urban?) legends are made of — people who
always seem to be in the right or wrong place at the right or
wrong time, who seem to have "eyes in the back of their
heads," or who can duck into blind alleys and vanish.
Abusing this Sphere can have detrimental side effects,
however, when the Sleepers start looking into just how you
managed to get from that incriminating crackhouse to the
all-night diner so damn quickly.

¢ Entropy: Many orphans build their reps from an
understanding of Entropy — and from stories about folks
who can "guess the odds" in a curbside craps game, or who
never seem to get hit even though a grade-A killa's firing his
gun at them. Unfortunately for many of these dudes, Wild-
West syndrome often sets in, and every punk-ass with heat
thinks he can take down the king of the streets.

Forces: Unless it's used subtly, Forces is like wearing
a badge that says "kill me." Anyone who can muster the
power to electrocute his foes, stall a cop-cruiser's engine,
burst the streetlights in a 10-block radius, or disable a high-
tech security system is a commodity — and commodities
fetch high prices in the streets, or get erased from the
picture entirely.

© Life: Despite the concrete and steel, the streets are
very much alive, and so is an orphan who knows how to heal
himself and others; spot hidden enemies, befriend the
neighborhood critters, party all night, or "hulk out" from a
sudden adrenaline surge. So long as he watches his step and
refrains from healing bullet wounds in front of witnesses or
shapeshifting into cat form, an orphan can use Life like
crazy and still keep his cover.

¢ Mind: Subtle and damned-near invisible, Mind Arts
are an orphan's prize. Here, influence is everything: Pigs let
you off with warnings; psychotic hardcases let eyewitnesses
go free; nightclubs and drugs blur the lines of "reality," and
most folks get so fucked up that they have no idea what's
going on. In addition, Mind magick can be used quietly to
get good deals, skip a month of rent, and release oneself on
one's own recognizance.

© Matter: Both the best and the worst Sphere for
urban activities, Matter lets you make "secret drawers"
and "hidden pockets" for contraband. It lets you craft
"bulletproof" vests, windows and reinforced clothing; fix
broken machines (or break working ones); hit "just the
tight spot" to make walls crack and furniture shatter; or
pick up "harder than average" manhole covers, brew mugs
and pool cues. At the same time, a dude who turns pistols
into VCR parts is going to catch some attention, and a
grease monkey who's too good at his job may soon get offers
he doesn't dare refuse...

Prime: The streets are full of passions, and passions
often well up into Nodes, or leave areas dripping with
Resonance. Orphans rarely describe these areas so bluntly
— they're "cold spots," "creepy places," "filled with good
vibes," or "fucking poisonous." With a bit of Prime, a Self-
Awakened mage can spot an area of intense life-force,
define what that force might be, and use it, even if she
doesn't know what the fuck the word "Node" is supposed to
mean. As for the Sleepers, they're often clueless; they'll be
able to sense really radical changes in the environment, but
the effects of most Prime-based spells are invisible to them.

© Spirit: Given the number of murders and traumatic
deaths in the inner cities, urban areas teem with ghosts.
Elemental spirits of glass, electricity, metal and pollution
are everywhere, too, as are the Banes that dog human vices.
Ethnic ghettoes house Loa, ancestor spirits, and even an-
cient cultural guardian spirits. And, as any shaman knows,
seemingly inanimate objects contain slumbering spirits
that can be called upon — or exorcised — if the need arises.
Many urban mortals believe in spirits, even if they don't
acknowledge that belief; get some city kid talking, and he'll
spill the story about the haunted crackhouse or the dead
junkie who never seems to go away.... Thus, invoking the
spirits is often easy, assuming you can get past the Gauntlet
to do it.

Appendix: The Stash 117


WX Z_ I

WL ZN

© Time: The amount of attention you get using Time-
based spells depends on the amount of attention you stir up
using them. People accept the adrenaline surge that lets you
tun like a motherfucker, or the Tarot cards that let you
"guess" what may be in the near future, but nobody's good
enough to hit a guy in the face six times before he can even
throw a punch in return. Time-based impressions are often
muddled, too; when 10,000 things happen in one place in
a single day, you're gonna have a bitch of a time trying to
figure out what happened in that spot a week ago.

Common Styles

Contrary to popular misconception, self-Awakened
characters do require foci and magick styles. They're just
not bound to any "official" toolkit. Orphan magick depends
more upon the person and his beliefs and circumstances
than upon some organized mystical practice. Although
some self-Awakened mages learn established occult lore,
they use whatever style suits them best. Thus, the things
they do, the rituals they perform and the tools they employ
vary wildly from mage to mage.

The following magick styles are pretty common among
self-Awakened urban sorcerers. The details of a character's
beliefs will depend on where he came from, who taught
him, where he hangs out, and what he does there. Most of
the "Tools" described below can be found in the Mage
tulebook, pp. 183-184; new tools are detailed under the
listing.

Back-room Tech

Not all orphans gravitate toward the "Old Ways" or
their modern reflections. Some hunker down at kitbashed
computer systems, jury-rigged contraptions and
Frankensteinian laboratories, exploring cold fusion, VR,
cloning and mathematical esoterica. Sensing the links
between science, magick and Creation itself, the orphan
technomancer paves a middle path between the Traditions
and Technocracy. Close cousin to VA anarchists and
Etherite Scientists, he tosses aside the political baggage of
those groups and throws himself into his own studies. The
results can be miraculous.

An obsessive futurist at heart, the orphan technomancer
has no use for ideology. His experiments are often small and
self-contained — cybernetics, computer systems, small life-
forms, unique weaponry, designer drugs, and a thousand
other technological miracles — and self-motivated. Profit
and progress mean more to him than worldwide paradigm
shifts. Unlike the assembly-line Technocrats or their Tra-
dition counterparts, the orphan technomancer works for
himself. He's got no allegiance, few resources and no cosmic
goals, but his insight, talent and mind-bending science-
craft make him a wild card in the mystick deck.

118

The Orphans Survival Guide

Tools: Books (notebooks and science texts), comput-
ers (usually modified with esoteric devices and home-brewed
software), devices (custom-built inventions), drugs (hyper-
caffinated drinks, designer drugs, strange potions, smart
drugs), formulae (often based on personal theories or ad-
vanced esoterica; see 2 or Good Will Hunting), networks,
meters and probes, treatments, vehicles, weapons (often
odd guns or electrical devices).

Black Magick

Sometimes it just doesn't pay to be good. Malice, greed,
desperation and revenge can be powerful motivations,
especially if you're too wrecked to care what happens later.
On the streets, black magick — the kind that bubbles up
from the hidden parts of the soul — is everywhere. If you
have nothing to lose, who gives a shit about being nice?

Black magick isn't a matter of tools or rituals — many
primal styles use rites that make "civilized" people blanch.
Black magick comes from motivation, from spite, hatred,
rage, lust. It twists, burns, compels, commands. It's a
mystickal shotgun aimed at the head of your enemies, a
knife in the heart of everyone you despise. More often than
not, a maleificent magician strikes bargains with Infernal
entities — the devils and demons her parents warned her
about — appeasing them with sacrifices, blasphemies, van-
dalism and terrorism. The ultimate power, however, comes
from the hatred within the mage, not from demonic pacts.
Although some lesser powers (demonic Investments; see
The Book of Madness, Chapter Four and Appendix) flow
from demonic hands, the true black magician holds the keys
to her own damnation... gladly.

The Arts of Malice grow from rebellion; the black
magician gleefully inverts what is "good." She might be a
Luciferian, following the Fallen Angel who defied that
tightass God in favor of personal freedom; or a desperate
soul who sees no other options. She could be a raging kid
pissing on her upbringing, or a fearless occultist who under-
stands that the Road to Enlightenment leads through the
Valley of Excess. Sometimes anguish or jealousy leads a
once-righteous person into the night; perhaps defiance,
hedonism or sheer perversity open the door to the Impure.
Either way, a black magician chooses the left-hand Path,
and her powers spring from that choice.

Malignant magick tends to be brutal, direct, vulgar,
and often painful to both the magician and her victim.
Excess, suffering, cruelty and sacrifice figure prominently in
black magick rituals, and symbols of "goodness" — prayers,
holy symbols, scriptures, etc. — are happily desecrated.
Wealth-spells, curses, conjurations, summonings and trans-
formations make up the black magician's repertoire, although
she'll usually keep a few "good" spells — healings, love
charms and such — on hand, if only for her own use.


texts, Satanic poetry, forbidden lore), bones, chalices, circles,
computers (often with custom software and translation \ 2
programs), dancing, drugs, fire, herbs, holy symbols (often ;
desecrated; also occult or Satanic emblems), incense, lan-
guages (praying backwards), music (often black metal or
industrial devilcore), ordeals (self-mutilation and body
art), ritual sacrifice (often torturous), runes, sex (as per-

Tools: Art (occult graffiti), blood, books (esoteric \ \\N : ie is

verse as possible), Tarot cards and Ouija boards, wands,
weapons (spiked jewelry, cruel-looking blades).

Brujeria

Magick is not exclusively a white person's game; the
inner cites are filled with other cultures, too, and the
orphans who come from those cultures often favor their
ancestral mysticism over "white-man's magick."

Steeped in Catholic mysticism and ancient Latin
American belief, Hispanic brujerfa uses prayers, rosaries
and corn meal to get the attention of rain gods and healing
saints. On the surface, brujas appear to be devout Catholics,
praying to saints and begging the Blessed Virgin for miracles.
When you break through the Christian facade, the saints
area thin veneer for the old gods: Tlaloc still brings the rain
— even if the bruja calls him "St. John," she has to give the
rain god his proper gifts and prayers. Unlike "will-driven"
Arts, brujeria relies heavily on miracles from above. When
acar crash is barely averted, it's because of the statue of the
saint on the dashboard; when bullets barely graze the bruja's
chest or her friend is cured of pneumonia, the Virgin has
stepped in.

Surrounded by bundles of dried herbs and pillar candles
with saints' icons on them, many brujas (or brujos) work out
of their homes — or shopping carts, if that's all there is. The
bruja's tools are generally found in a kitchen or ina church:
powders and pastes made of chile peppers and yellow clay,
bowls of holy water, a well-worn rosary, and maybe an
onion. Spells frequently take the form of prayers offered up
with a few accessories or gifts for the saint — or god — of
choice. When the object of the spell is material, the bruja
can use her poultices and charms to help her along. Even
the clothes a bruja wears can be a powerful prayer. (You
didn't think the designs in that Guatemalan poncho were
just for decoration, did you?)

Tools: Art (rosaries, colored beads, folk art, dolls,
statues and icons), books (Bible), fire (candles), food (chile
peppers, bread, meal, corn), herbs, incense, pure (holy)
water, music (hymns).

ClubKraft

Change the massmind and you change Reality —
that's the concept behind a new and vital urban style of
magick. Based on altered consciousn
stimulation, "clubkraft" mind-fucks $

s through hyper-
epers on a large
scale. While clubbers writhe across the floor in a sea of

Appendix: The Stash 119

Te


hormones, drugs, music and adrenaline, the deejay tears
songs into new and distracting patterns. Layered between
the lights, the drugs and the music, magick reweaves the
lines between "possible" and "impossible." Even after the

Sleepers leave the club, their concepts of Reality are altered
onasubconscious level. They will never see things the same
way again.

Some "vizards" (a half-serious play on "visual" or "vision-
ary" wizards) map their beats by ancient theories, striving to
reweave the fabric between the material world and the spirit
realm. Others shuck mysticism in favor of an Uncertainty
Principle approach: If Reality is formed by consensus, what
happens if you change the consensus? Either way, the vizard
turns the expected inside-out, remixing familiar songs into new
compositions, wrenching senses with disorienting lights and fog,
stimulating his audience with subliminals and sensory overload,
and often tossing hallucinogens into the mix. ("Hey, wanna try

some good shit?") Once consensual reality has gone out the
window, the vizard turns on the charm: Spirits appear, gateways
open, minds are altered and flesh turns to putty. Under the right
circumstances, a good vizard can pull off incredibly vulgar Effects
coincidentally. (See Delirium on p. 128.) While thisstyle leaves
traditional wizards scratching their heads — surely this can't be
magick! — it seems to work frighteningly well.

Outside the club, the vizard is limited; his Arts rely on
establishing the proper mood with the right equipment. In
game terms, he's a technomancer, a mage bound to his foci.
Still, this is a new form of magick. Who knows what
happens when vizards begin to evolve beyond parlor tricks
and postmodern theories?

Tools: Art (graffiti, CGI, lightshows), dancing, de-
vices (mixing boards, fog machines, light rigs, synthesizers,
turntables), drugs (ex, speed, acid and home-brews), music
(scratch, techno, jungle, industrial), ordeals/ treatments
(body modification), showmanship (a good vizard uses
Social rolls to influence his audience; the better he is, the
more "his" Sleepers will accept).

Pagan Witchcraft

Going back to their roots (or at least the roots they
would like to have), many orphans take up the Old Ways —
the nature-based faiths of living divinity. Drawing from
modern refinements (or corruptions, depending on who
you ask) of the Celtic, Norse, Greek or, occasionally,
Egyptian religions, these mages invoke the four corners, the
elements, ancestral gods and goddesses, and the spirits
and dances (with
and blood magick), direct

within all things. Runes, circles, song:
occasional nudity, sacrifice, sex

the intentions of pagan orphans. "An ye harm none, do as
ye will" is their creed. Animals and lovers are their compan-
ions, and archaic clothing, heated passion and the
ever-present pentacle necklace are their emblems.

The pagan style is bound up in faith — faith of the divinity
incarnated in Creation. By nurturing and appealing to that

divinity, the magus works her Arts. Her spells involve lyrical
charms, invocations, household items, and prayers to patron
goddesses or gods. While some "urban pagans" take their faith
seriously — acting with respect and responsibility toward all —
many are just rebelling against their parents by taking up the dark
and sensual pagan banner. Is the pentacle faith or fashion? That
depends on the mage, her vision, and her commitment to it.

Tools: Blood, bones, cauldrons/chalices, circles, danc-
ing, elements (all four), herbs, music, purification, ritual
sacrifice (often goods, occasionally live animals or people),
Tunes, sex, song, Tarot cards, wands, weapons (usually
consecrated blades).

Self-Help Witchcraft

A bastard child of the Information Age, this DIY style
draws inspiration from a thousand diverse magickal prac-
tices, all gathered between two covers and sold at your local
Mediaplay. Celtic witchcraft, Kabbalism, Jungian psychol-
ogy, Taoist imagery and Hindu meditation combine into a
modern form that is then mass-produced as the "Old Ways."
There's really nothing "old" about this scattershot Art, but
that doesn't make it powerless. Placed in the context of
post-Christian society, "self-help mysticism" makes up in
accessibility what it lacks in tradition.

Easily the most popular orphan magick style, "self-help
witchcraft" emphasizes results over reflection. Want money?
Cast the spell on p. 72 and don't worry about other stuff. By
occult principles, this "hollow" approach shouldn't work, but
it often does; to a child of information overload, "Chinese
menu magick" is more valid than the rituals of alien cultures.
The "self-help" witch combines a bit of everything — Nordic
runes, fairy-tale charms, Egyptian anhks, alchemical corre-
spondences, Christian (or anti-Christian) prayers — hey, if
it appeals to you, use it! (Some urban practitioners even
employ rituals based on fantasy novels and roleplaying games.)
His spells, when they work, tend to be rather vulgar, drawing
upon their high fantasy inspirations. Much to the chagrin of
"serious mages," the "self-help" witch manages to get the
same results — if not better ones! — than his more-tradi-
tional counterparts. Could this be the wave of the future?

Tools: Art (jewelry, posters, charts, graffiti), books
(occult texts, New Age manuals), circles, crystals (of course),
dancing, elements, herbs, holy symbols (often store-bought
ankhs or pentacles), incense, music (Celtic, Native Ameri-
can or New Age varieties), runes, song, Tarot cards, Ouija
boards, wands (often crystal or silver).

Victorian Occultism

The heyday of Western occultism mingled high ritual
magick, spiritualism, pagan witchcraft, Hindu esoterica, Victo-
rian manners and a touch of scientific psychology and
anthropology into a graceful, ornate practice. Heavy on ritual
and preparation, the Victorian approach spawned parapsy-
chology, Gardnerianand Alexandrian witchcraft, drawing-room

Appendix: The Stash

121


seances, and Crowleyian excess. Although its insistence on
study and intricate rites makes the Victorian approach unfash-
ionable these days, many Hollow Ones swear by it.

A magician schooled in the Victorian style (actually a
combination of several practices) usually studies with an
occult order. An outsider could easily mistake him for a
Hermetic magus — in fact, he probably refers to himself as
such, even if he's self-taught and independent. True members
of the Order of Hermes tend to be either amused or insulted,
but even the most irritable of them admits that a Victorian-
style orphan knows his stuff. Unlike gutter witches, the
Victorian magus is well-read, introspective, articulate and
formal. Even so, he often possesses great vitality and energy,
too. This magician knows how important it is to align all the
elements just so; he understands the harnessed power of
Creation, and prefers a steady hand and ready mind to a
careless grope in the dark.

This style begins with lots of books, and months or years
of esoteric research, initiation, practice and refinement. Al-
though the particulars of the craft vary from order to order,
some elements remain consistent: Kabbalistic cosmology,
alchemical correspondences, pagan charms and elements of
Hebrew, Arabic and Egyptian rituals; elaborate ceremonies,
prefaced with meditation and purification; complex charts,
glyphs, designs and incantations; archaic languages like Latin,
Greek, Hebrew and Enochian; invocations to angels, demons
and ghosts; trances and hypnotism; theatrical showmanship;

122. The Orphans Survival Guide

Ye

and occasional indulgences — orgies, drunken revels, fits of
madness — to keep the spirit free. Through these rites and
symbols, the magus unlocks the doors that divide the Natural
World and the Invisible World, allowing his will to travel
between them. When the spell is done, the wizard relocks the
doors and requests the spirits to depart in peace.

Victorian magick's baroque trappings and flashy results
—levitations, conjurations, spontaneous bursts of fire or wind,
etc. — lend it a romantic mystique. The magus becomes a
master of elements, a dapper high priest of the mysterious. It's
neither quick nor easy, but what it lacks in speed, this craft
makes up for with style. Orphans with the patience and
resources to pursue Victorian occultism are the most impres-
sive of their kind.

Tools: Art (ornate occult designs), books, bones (espe-
cially skulls), chalices, circles, drugs (absinthe, wine, snuff),
elements (especially fire and air), incense, invocations, lan-
guages, music (occasionally played by ghostly musicians),
purification, sex, Tarot cards and Ouija boards, theatrical
props (masks, canes, boxes, etc.), showmanship, toys (espe-
cially games like chess), wands, weapons (almost always swords).

Voodoo

Orphans Awakening in an African-American neigh-
borhood don't have to go far to find a hospitable outlet for
their talents. Voodoo, a melange of Catholicism, African
spirit faiths, European witchcraft and Indian religions,


takes several different forms, but the heart of it relies on
goodwill between the Loa spirits and their human devotees.

For its followers, voodoo serves as a community and
social network as well as a faith. The orphan becomes part
ofa family, andshe can often goto the mambo for crashspace,
food or comfort. The faith is simple, and nowhere near as
sinister as the popular media might claim. The loa are fairly
generous spirits, willing to do things for humans... but
never for nothing. There is always a price. The price may
take several different forms, but it always includes devotion
to the Loa and belief in their powers.

Voodoo somehow manages to be a lush, opulent style,
even though it flourishes in poor urban districts and poverty-
stricken nations. Sacrifices, whether of time, energy, money,
or something more tangible, are essential to show the spirits
their favors are appreciated and reciprocated. Physically, ritu-
als focus on huge tables full of food, bottles of the spirits'
favorite liquor, and sweets. Once the feast is laid out, wild,
sensual dances, drumming, and chanting invite the spirits to
come ride in the mortal world fora while and maybe bringsome
gifts with them. Of course, if the orphan throws ina bit of real
mojo to sweeten the pot — some Quintessence in that bottle
of Papa Ougou's rum, for instance —all the better. A mambo
or houngan is a person of status, a mediator between the Loa
and humanity; that person might be a fearsome bokor, a tender
healer, a wise woman ora conjure-man; either way, that person
is respected... and often obeyed.

Tools: Art (vévés — chalk drawings), blood, bones,
cauldrons and chalices, circles, clothing (colorful scarves,
white or black robes), dancing, drugs (rum or tobacco),
elements (especially fire and water), food (cassava bread,

candy, fresh meat), herbs, holy symbols (crucifixes, images
of saints), purification, ritual sacrifice (usually chickens
and goats), songs, Tarot cards, weapons (whips, blades).

"Wishcraft"

"Wishing makes it so"; to the down-and-out magus,
this is occasionally true. (See the Street Kid template in
Chapter IV.) With little more than concentration, a short
charm and something to wish upon, magick can make
dreams come true.

"Wishcraft" works best for kids; grownups are far too
"realistic" or cynical for such nonsense. With a little help
from friendly fortune (a birthday candle, a shooting star, or
some other traditional act of Providence) and a talent for
"wishing real hard," a lucky kid can turn broken junk or
worthless items into useful things. Such "wishcraft" doesn't
spring from nothing; some item must provide a focus for the
wish, and that wish must be spoken aloud. Depending on
the child's talents, this Art can transform ordinary things
into extraordinary things (Matter or Life); heal hurts or
sickness (Life); create marvelous items from virtually noth-
ing (Matter + Prime); or change one thing to another
(Pattern Arts + Prime). Such wishes are often vulgar
magick, but what child knows — or cares — about what
grownups consider "impossible"?

Tools: Concentration ("wishing real hard" for a turn
or two), incantation ("Star light, star bright..." or some
similar folk charm), an object to transform or an event to
trigger the wish; an adult might use a desperate prayer ("Oh,
God, take mercy on this poor sinner...") to some higher or
lower power, or a soul pact with some Infernal entity.

Survivors' Tricks

Winter tums to summer

sadness turns to fun

keep the faith, baby

you broke the rules and won

— The Ramones, "Sha La La La

(Howling at the Moon)"

To call the following tricks of the trade
"rotes" would be misleading; although many
orphans (especially Hollow Ones) pass good
tricks on to their friends, most of the following survival
magicks are simply created as need presents itself. There
are no "libraries of spells," although some sorcerers keep
detailed notes about the rituals that work for them. Some
of these weaveries mimic the workings of the "greater
magi," but many have more-humble beginnings. Few
Hermetics, for example, have ever had to purify food
scrounged from a garbage can, or would think to darken
their skin to blend into an ethnic neighborhood. Necessity
is the mother of orphan magick.

The Gutter View

(¢ any Sphere)

As Edge points out in Chapter I, a street-dweller relies
on his senses in ways few suburbanites can grasp. If nothing
else, a man who can see in the dark has little to fear from
midnight alleyways. Knowing this, urban orphans hone
their senses and mystick expertise with this simple trick:
Closing his eyes and concentrating, a Darkling shifts his
awareness from normal sight to a deeper, more comprehen-
sive perception. When he opens his eyes, he can see his
surroundings on a different level. Depending on his exper-
tise, he might sense things in his general vicinity
(Correspondence); see in the dark or hear like a bloodhound
(Forces); notice weak points (Entropy or Matter) and hid-
den structures (Matter); sense other living things nearby
(Life); empathize with other peoples' emotions (Mind) or
read auras (Mind or Spirit); spot areas of mystickal signifi-
cance (Prime); see ghosts or other entities (Spirit); or
maintain a dead-accurate sense of timing (Time).

Appendix: The Stash 123


NO Ail

As useful as these perceptions are, it's dangerous to be too
attuned to your surroundings; a Darkling who's seeing things
on three of four different levels at once will have three or four
times as much trouble keeping track of the sensory input... or
dealing with the overload that comes with clubbing, fighting,
gunplay and other events. The city is loud, wild and unpredict-
able, and oversensitivity can be as deadly as no sensitivity atall.

[Sensory magick is coincidental, and rarely requires an
Arete roll (although the Storyteller may require a Perception
+ Alertness or Awareness roll to notice certain things). Mystick
senses must be "turned on" — they do not function 24-7.

[Overload, either from sudden harsh stimuli or an
overdose of magickal perceptions, can be distracting or
even hazardous: For every Rank One sense "turned on," the
character suffers +1 to all difficulties on his Perception-
based rolls. (Two would be +2, three would be +3, etc.)
Also, powerful stimuli — loud music, bright lights, gun-
shots, etc. — have twice their normal effect, and may
overwhelm the character unless he makes a Willpower roll
(difficulty 6) to keep his wits intact.

[Prolonged sensations — clubs, torture, etc. — can
become excruciating ordeals to a mage hopped up on
extrasensory perception... which is occasionally the idea.
A variant of this spell shares the sensations with someone
else (see "Extending Perception" in Mage, p. 172), which
can be great during sex, but horrible under torture.]

Fuck Off/Fuck Off and Die

(¢° Mind; or ¢** Mind, °¢¢ Life)

Some people just want to be left the fuck alone! By
projecting an invisible cloud of hatred and bitterness, an
orphan can keep most people at a distance; with a glare, he
can drive assholes from his sight. If he gets really pissed, he
can actually dish out physical harm with nothing more
deadly than a hard look and some trash talk. An ideal spell
for Those Who Have Risen Above It All.

[Nasty looks and creative insults focus this magick. The
basic Fuck Off sends out a disconcerting, intimidating halo
around the mage. Everyone nearby will want to be as far
away from him as possible, and anyone who cares to read his
aura will see a maelstrom of crimson-strobed black. A
character who still wants to approach him might have to
make a Willpower roll to do so (difficulty is the spellcaster's
Willpower rating). Ifthe player wants to follow up this Effect
with an Intimidation-based Social roll, he may add the
successes from the Arete roll to the successes of his Social
Dice Pool.

[The Fuck Off Stare concentrates all that hatred into
one intense look. Anyone speared by that stare must either
make a Willpower roll or back away, break down crying, or
otherwise fold. A character with mental powers (the Mind
Sphere, vampiric Presence or Dominate) or extraordinary
courage (Courage or Rage 5+, the Iron Will Merit, a strong

124 The Orphans Survival Guide

fae Birthright, etc.) might back down if her Willpower
rating is lower than the orphan's, but is not compelled to
flee. Ghosts and other spirits are totally unaffected (hey,
they've seen hell, for Christ's sake! ), although they might be
impressed by the orphan's venom.

[Fuck Off and Die has all of the Stare's effects, and
deals out a "strike" of Life-based aggravated damage, too.
The victim must either "soak" the attack with her Will-
power (see "Dodging and Resistance" in Mage, p. 167), or
suffer immediate heart failure or brain hemorrhage.

[All variations of Fuck Off are coincidental, and none
are likely to inspire loyalty or goodwill from the orphan's
peers. Paradox backlashes often manifest as complete alien-
ation or even exile in an empty Paradox Realm.]

Good Eatin'/Cleanse the Clown

(¢ Life, ¢* Matter, or both)

When you're scrounging, the food you find may not,
shall we say, be high-quality. This little trick, a specialty of
the down-and-out, purges impurities from "found food,"
kills any bugs or parasites that might be digging around in it,
and turns drinking water crystal-clear. The orphan simply
says a prayer or blessing over the meal, or injects it with some
home-brewed concoction. Result? Fine-tasting chow with
none of the bitter aftertaste (or prolonged diarrhea) nor-
mally associated with dumpster-diving.

A similar spell, Cleanse the Clown, cleans up stinky
people, kills off their lice and fleas, and generally makes
them more presentable for those moments when respect-
ability is vital.

[Both Effects are simple: Matter purifies the food or
drink, and makes it taste pretty fine, too; Life kills any
parasites in the intended meal. Cleanse the Clown does the
same for people or animals, ridding them of skank and
crawlies. This spell is coincidental, although people may
look at you funny if you're eating something from an espe-
cially foul source... like Zestos.]

Pass the Key

(© Entropy, ® ® Matter; sometimes with © ¢ Forces)

CLICK. This "open sesame" spell opens doors, springs
locks, disengages deadbolts and diffuses security systems. A
larcenous orphan merely treats the lock or system with
some enchantment (often a powder, a design, a bit of blood,
ora prayer to light-fingered spirits), steps away and lets the
magick (hopefully) open the lock. Simple, yet oh so useful!

[The basic version of the Key springs simple mechani-
cal locks — doors, gates, safes, chains, etc. — while the
Forces 2 variant fouls electrical locks and security systems.
Naturally, really advanced systems require a lot more suc-
cesses — five or more — than simple car doors or chained
gates. Computer-guided systems may also demand a bit of
Computer or Computer Hacking (see "Computers" in Mage,


pp. 244-245) — a simple spell will not crack a high-tech
lock, and will probably set off an alarm instead. Botching
this spell often wrecks the lock, fusing its parts together, and
sets off an alarm if one happens to be attached to the target.

[Depending on the lock and the method our mage
employs, Pass the Key may be coincidental ("Man, that
credit card trick works wonders!") or vulgar ("No way you
could pick a bank vault with a hairpin!"). It does not open
doors or cause chains to fall away, but merely snaps the
locking mechanisms. Once sprung, the lock can usually be
reset, so long as it hasn't been damaged in the meantime.]

Purge

(¢¢ or eee Life)

"Morphine is bad for you"; nonetheless, many street folk
indulge whenever they can. If an orphan wants to clean out her
system (or someone else's), she performs a short ritual (often a
prayer, a meditation ora more... um, physical form of purging).
The drugs in hersystem flush themselves out, sobering the mage
(or her "patient") immediately. The after-effects — which
usually include cramps, pain, dizziness and nausea — aren't
pleasant, but they're better than being fucked up when you
need to be straight.

[This simple all-or-nothing Effect cleans out any impuri-
ties or illnesses in the character's system. Life 2 sobers up the
mage; Life 3 sobers up her "client." Most drugs or minor
illnesses can be Purged with a success or two; major illnesses
and addictions may demand five successes or more, though.
Under most circumstances, this spell is coincidental, although
an Eric-Draven/Darla-style cleanup may seem impossibly vul-
gar to most folks.]

Ratstorm

(¢¢ Correspondence, *® Life, ¢* Mind)

If you know where to look and how to ask, there are
allies all around. An orphan who's got an "understanding"
with the local wildlife can call for help and expect to get it.
Naturally, he'll have to spend lots of downtime with his little
friends; assuming he knows a number of rats, cats, dogs,
crows, or whatever, the mage can beg them to come to his
aid. With achittering, a distress cry, an incantation, or some
other call, the orphan summons a swarm of his little friends.
Thus defended, he can fight or flee as the situation demands.
These friends are not going to kill themselves for nothing,
though; a mage who wants a Ratstorm at his disposal will
have to take care of his little buddies, too... and should keep
his human friends clear when the ‘storm breaks.

[To call up a swarm of critters, the character must roll
his Arete and cry for help in an area populated by the beasts
in question; you can't summon rats in a penthouse apart-
ment, or call dogs ina desert. Depending on the area and the
number of successes rolled, the orphan might get a few
scrappy helpers, a pack, or a swarm. If the creatures are close
at hand, they'll generally take two to five turns to reach the

a,

125

Appendix: The Stash

mage; at that point, all hell breaks loose. For animal Traits
and rules for packs and swarms, see The Book of Shadows:
The Mage Storytellers Guide (pp. 108-112) or Destiny's
Price (pp. 108-111). This spell is coincidental.]

Ravensong

(¢© Life, ¢* Mind)

When the Hollow Ones say they can hear gossip on the
cries of the crows, they're not exaggerating. Spotting a bird
or small, smart animal (a rat, ferret, cat, etc.),a Darkling can
call it over, enter a mild trance, and commune with it. In
very basic terms, she can see what the bird hi
what it has heard, or pass along very simple messages to other
Hollowers — messages literally sent on raven's wings.

as seen and hear

[In game terms, the mage takes a few turns to commune
with the bird or animal; the player rolls his Arete against
difficulty 5. Unless the message or impressions are particu-
larly complex, the Storyteller may simply decide to let the
player know what the "messenger" has noticed. This spell is
coincidental unless the orphan blabs "Hey! Guess what 1 just
read from this raven's brain!" — in which case he'll probably
be considered a lunatic anyway.]

Shadow Project

(¢° Forces; or ¢® Forces, °* Life)

When you need to hide (or just make a mysterious
entrance or exit), nothing beats this cloak of shadows.
Often cast with a gesture or a simple action (blowing out
acandle, drawing a curtain, etc.), this spell makes conceal-
ment easy. Drawing all the darkness in the area to him (or
banishing the light), an orphan can seemingly appear or
disappear at will. While an advanced version of the spell
can render the sorcerer truly invisible, most orphans spend
so much time in dim light that the simple spell is often
easier and just as effective.

[The simple version of the Project allows a mage to hide
in darkness and muffle the sound of her footfalls, too. In
game terms, simply use the Arete roll's successes as dots in
the Arcane Background, subtracting them from any viewer's

attempts to see the mage. If the character already has
Arcane, or has also used Stealth, add the player's successes
to the total. Naturally, this version only works in dim light,
but it is coincidental... and very unsettling.

[Advanced invisibility works in all forms of light, but can
become vulgar if the mage clearly disappears from sight, or if
she later moves things around in plain view of witnesses.]

Thick Skin

(¢° or eee Life)

Ya gotta be tough to live on the streets. This spell, often
cast with prayers, concentration, simple charms, heavy
booze or drugs, hardens an orphan to her environment.
Extreme heat, bitter cold, ice, broken glass... nothing can


YK

a ———e|

do her much harm. A slightly more-powerful enchantment
allows her to shrug aside the worst effects of knives, bullets,
teeth... and the fangs and claws of supernatural creatures.
Naturally, this protection is not eternal; the orphan has to
renew her spell each time danger is near. If she's caught
without her enchantment... well, maybe she ain't so tough
after all.

[The Life 2 variant protects the sorcerer from extreme
environments, and heals minor damage from gravel, glass
shards, frostbite, etc. The Life 3 version actually helps her
soak aggravated damage — which mages cannot soak without
magick (see The Book of Mirrors, pp. 47-48) — or lets her
temporarily raise her Stamina rating. (See Better Body in
Mage, pp. 202-203.) For simplicity, the Storyteller may
simply require the player to have her character cast the
spell twice per day, or once just before a heavy beating.
Although a person wandering around a dangerous envi-
ronment unprotected looks kinda weird, this trick is
coincidental.]

All Tomorrow's Parties

(eee Mind, ¢* Time)

The best parties are the most exclusive ones; if you can
clue to them, you're in the elite. If you can clue to them
before they even happen, you're a god. Naturally, the Hollow
Ones and other club-crawling orphans revel in such secrets.

By asking just the right questions from just the right
people, an astute mage can scan the minds of her compan-
ions, searching for clues about upcoming events. Before the
Q&A, our intrepid party-seeker must concentrate (often
with a little chemical help), then reach out from her own
limited consciousness to embrace the minds and plans of
others. Once she's ready, the Darkling can circulate, know-
ing more or less whom to ask about what. With a little
charm, invitations are sure to be forthcoming, too... and if
not, well, what's a party without a few crashers?

[Before the mage goes searching, she "sets" herself to
uncover certain thoughts and emotions. Once the spell is in
motion, Mind scans the "surroundings" for excitement or
barely kept secrets, while Time sets the mental clock ahead
just a bit, searching for glimpses of the party-to-be, its
location, and its attendees.

[The Arete roll determines the success of the search;
one success gives her a general clue about who to ask; two
provide some general gossip; three offer her some hard
information; four tell her the whos, wheres and whens;
and five successes show her actual images of the party to
come. Unless the orphan happens to be standing in the
place where the party will be held, she must have contacts
who know about the event before she can find out the
details of it. If nobody has any information, the mage is
SOL. Once the Darkling has the clues she needs, it's
pretty easy to weasel a few invites, courtesy of Mind
influence and a bit of flirtation.

[Naturally, All Tomorrow's Parties can provide infor-
mation about any upcoming planned event. Since this spell
is subtle, relying on fast talk and hunches, its effects are
coincidental. A Darkling who simply grabs a passer-by and
mind-rapes him for the information will have a fight on her
hands — fought with Willpower, if nothing else — and a
vulgar casting instead of a coincidental one.]

Back Door Parole

(eee Life, * Prime; often with ** Mind)

Sometimes being dead (or looking that way) can be
more helpful than being alive. In a vampire party, a breath-
ing guest gets noticed; in a rumble, folks don't usually shake
down corpses; in prison, dead inmates tend to get an early
parole (hence the name). For most people, "there ain't no
comin' back"; some mages, however, can make life look
pretty much like death.

By entering a deep trance, a Darkling with the skill
and the guts to pull this trick off can stop her own bodily
functions. Clinically, she dies. Magickally, she actually
just suspends the process of living, slowing it to an infini-
tesimal rate. Once "deceased," she can walk around,
essentially undead, for a short period; or she can imitate a
stiff. When the coast is clear, she jump-starts her system
and returns to "life."

[Life suspends the bodily functions while keeping the
mage alive; Prime ties the life-force to the body, and Mind
keeps the "corpse" aware of her surroundings. Although a
mage with Prime senses can tell whether or not the Darkling
has actually died, most people (including many vampires)
will be fooled. Once "dead," the orphan can stay that way for
up to one day for every point of Quintessence in her Pool.
After that, she must either awaken or die. In the meantime,
her spell is coincidental... although she'd better hope she
doesn't awaken on an autopsy table. A botched spell traps
the mage's consciousness in her dying body, locking her in
a mindscape (see "Quiet" in Mage, p. 179) until she either
wakes up or perishes for real.]

Death Wish

(¢© Correspondence, ** Life, plus either ¢** Entropy,
ee Life, or both; sometimes * * * Forces, * ¢ Correspondence,
°° Prime)

"I wish you were dead!" With this incantation (or some-
thingsimilar), a furious mystick weavesa malediction against
a distant person. Connecting the source of her ire to some
small personal item in her possession (a doll, a photograph,
a piece of hair, etc.), the mage sends a potent backblast of
bad fortune or deadly force back along the channel. The
result can either take indirect form as twisted luck (acci-
dents beyond the caster's control), or assume a more direct
attack of intense pain, paralysis, heart failure or even spon-
taneous combustion. Either way, justice is served.

Appendix: The Stash 127


NP All

WN

[This curse has several variants: The basic Entropy 3/
Correspondence 2/ Life 2 version simply makes things go
wrong fora person. The Storyteller checks the successes and
decides what will go wrong, how badly, and for how long.
This coincidental Death Wish simply becomes a plot device
from that point onward.

[The deadly Life 3/ Correspondence 2 version sends a
bolt of malefic energy into the target, inflicting aggravated
Life-based damage in whatever form seems most appropriate
to the caster; a subtle manipulator may want her victim to
keel over from a heart attack, while an extravagant witch
might send a message by suddenly twisting her victim into
agonized knots. Depending on the form it takes, this spell
could be either coincidental or very, very vulgar.

[A really nasty variant (Entropy 3/ Life 3/ Correspon-
dence 2) combines both effects, poisoning the victim and
inflicting a run of bitter luck as well. This could be as
coincidental as having him break his leg on the same day his
dog dies and his insurance is canceled, or as vulgar as having
him collapse into a mass of broken bones.

[If you're homicidally pissed, nothing beats a Forces,
Prime, Life and Correspondence curse. Should this Death
Wish succeed, the victim literally bursts into flames. While
a coincidence (possibly arraigned with Entropy 3) might
make this look like an accident ("Damn! He shouldn't have
been smoking next to that gas pump!"), most orphans prefer to
display this kind of power openly. It's risky, but it gets the
point across.

[Paradox backlashes tend to make the malediction
rebound on the caster; an orphan who makes a habit of
cursing her enemies from afar usually winds up with a huge
karmic overdraft, even if the curses she sends take coinci-
dental forms. When a backlash comes, it often manifests as
devastatingly bad luck, even if the spell that brought it about
had nothing to do with a Death Wish spell.]

Delirium

(¢¢° Mind; sometimes with ¢* Forces)

You see a lotta strange shit in the midnight world,
especially if you're hyped on crank, tripping on ex, raving on
the dance floor, or a combination of the above. Sometimes
you can make other people see strange shit, too. Hey, if
you're really good at it, they might not be able to tell where
the hallucinations end and the real stuff begins...

From a magickal standpoint, the orphan simply takes
what he sees in his head and sends it on its pretty little way
into other peoples' heads, too. Essentially, he whips himself
into a hallucinating frenzy, then spins his visions off across
the room. If he's skillfully functional, he might be able to
appear stone sober while convincing his subjects that they're
the ones who've gone tripping...

[In story terms, the character employs his favorite
poison, getting well and truly baked. In game terms, the

128

The Orphans Survival Guide

player rolls up an extended roll (difficulty 6). As the suc-
cesses pile up, the Delirium expands, touching more and
more minds. Throughout the room, perceptions waver,
hallucinations rise and even the soberest attendees start
seeing things.

Successes People Affected
1-3 One or two people nearby
4-6 10 people nearby
7-10 Everyone nearby
10-15 Everyone in a small club
15+ Everyone in a large club

[The resulting chaos is in the Storyteller's hands; de-
pending on the mage, the setting and the mood of the crowd,
the hallucinations could be soothing, invigorating, arousing
or infuriating. Strong-willed folks (Willpower 5+) might
notice that things are getting too weird for words, but most
will simply be swept up in the frenzy and won't bother asking
questions until afterward.

[For an additional kick, the light-show may be bent to
the orphan's wishes, making the Delirium that much more
intense. Anyone who's ever dropped acid ina club can attest
that even the strongest sense of reality goes out the window
under those circumstances. In game terms, adding Forces 2
to the enchantment allows the player to add one success to
the ones she has already rolled.

[If everyone in the area is seeing things to begin with,
any additional magick cast in the club can be considered
coincidental. The bounds of reality have temporarily been
snapped. (See "Urban Sprawls" in Mage, p. 185.) If, how-
ever, the club starts coming down around the clubbers' ears,
the Delirium cracks and raw panic takes over.]

[Casting a Delirium is coincidental; even so, a botch can
still foul the attempt. Paradox backlashes tend to drive the
mage totally insane. Perhaps a Marauder or two began his
demented career trying to take clubgoers to the next level...

Passing

(eee Life)

Let's face it; there are places, especially in the urban
wasteland, where it just isn't healthy to be the wrong color. A
white boy in Cabrini Green is asking for trouble, as is a black
man inaskinhead bar. Although many people would rather die
than change their skin color, some pragmatic mages find it
easier to shift with the surroundings. If you've got lots of
different people to deal with, thiscan bea very helpful talent....

Not that body alteration stops there. As many Darklings
can attest, it can be very useful to change your features,
your shape, even your sex, either to fit in, to escape notice,
or just to get some kicks. A shapechanging ritual (often
involving veils, make-up, special concoctions, or brutal
body modification) allows an orphan to alter himself in
whatever way he pleases. The changes are temporary, but
the benefits can save his ass.


[A basic Life 3 Effect changes the character's basic
appearance. From that point, it's up to him to act the part he
has chosen. The magick's effects last for the normal dura-
tion... a fact to consider if the mage is planning some
deep-cover work. Radical shape-changing is vulgar, but
small alterations (eye color, skin color) can be passed off as
good make-up.]

Pop Goes the Weasel

(eee Life, ¢* Forces, ¢* Prime)

An unpleasant way of dealing with traitors: A Hollow
One repeats the tune over and over again, staring deeply
into her victim's eyes. If he cannot look away (say he's tied
to a chair or something), his skin slowly begins to heat.
Sweat bursts from his pores. His body temperature rises. His
eyes bulge. His bladder boils. Clear out! After an agonizing
minute or so, the Darkling claps her hands and the "weasel"
pops. Icky-poo.

[The victim must be immobilized for the duration of the
spellcasting; as the orphan's player makes an extended roll
(difficulty 7, or 8 if they're in public), her target suffers
indescribable pain, but little physical harm. The actual
damage "stacks" — each turn, the mage's player records her
successes. At the end of the casting time (which can be as
long as the Darkling wants it to be), the successes are added
together and applied as aggravated damage. The result will
kill most human characters instantly. Each roll reflects
about 30 seconds of repeating "pop goes the weasel"; this in
itself could drive most victims crazy.

[Ifthe victim can break free before the mage finishes her
torture, he sustains only one Health Level per turn; if he can
soak aggravated damage (as a werebeast can), he could try to
"absorb" that one Health Level, and come out really mad,
but none the worse for wear. Each turn the Hollow One
chants her spell, however, the victim loses one die from his
Dice Pools — the pain becomes too much to bear.

[As the spell continues, the victim's body boils from the
inside out. At the climax, it bursts like... well, you figure it out.
Yes, this is vulgar as hell. This spell does not work on spirits or
the undead, who have no intrinsic body heat to raise.]

Safe Little World

(¢*° Correspondence, ¢*¢ Life; or ¢*® Spirit; or ,¢*
Mind, © Life; sometimes with *¢¢ Spirit and/or ¢* Mind)

"By the power of three times three, I ward thee and sanctify
thee from harm." This standard but important charm pro-
tects an apartment, car, box-home, etc. from invasion.
While the ritual is usually a bit more complicated than
simply reciting a charm, it keeps most trespassers from
fucking with your shit.

To set the ward, an orphan paces around the area he
wants to protect, chanting the charm and sealing it with
some sort of ritual (often involving salt, wax, prayers,

esoteric designs and sometimes a sacrifice). With a final
blessing, he leaves the area, assured that nothing unusual
will enter the area without his knowledge.
ig [There are many ways to set a safeguard: The basic
‘ 7 Correspondence 3/ Life 3 variation keeps human trespassers
out of the area. (See Ward in Mage, p. 189, for details.)
Ghosts and other spirits can be banned by adding Spirit 3 to
the spell. Mind 2, meanwhile, alerts the mage if a trespasser
does manage to enter the protected area — giving him a
"hunch" that something's wrong back home.

a

TOT

[A simple, spirit-based variation favored by Darklings
uses Spirit 3/ Mind 2 to post Otherworldly guards around the
area; if a trespasser tries to enter, the spirits kick her ass (see
Awaken the Inanimate or Free the Mad Howlers in Mage,
page 218) while notifying the mage that his sanctuary is
under attack. Naturally, a Darkling had better treat his
"employees" well; disgruntled guards have a way of snoozing

on duty...

¥ [An orphan without much magickal skill can settle for
asimple Mind 3/Life 1 "alarm system"; it won't keep anyone

out, but it will let the mage know if someone comes in.
[Since most mortals consider solid walls of air to be
impossible, Safe Little World is vulgar; the caster rolls
against difficulty 7 and takes one point of Paradox each
time he sets up a ward. The Mind 2/ Life 1 version is
coincidental, however — only the mage knows it exists.]

Secondary
Sources

If you can't (or don't want to) crawl
through the crotch of humanity todo research
for your chronicle, you can at least enjoy their
sights and sounds in the comfort of your own
home. Of course, given the lead time on
sourcebooks such as this one, by the time this
makes it into your hands, newer material will
be available, but, hey, that's publishing. (The
Appendix of Destiny's Price a pile of
other "urban chronicle" sources. Rather than
reprint the whole thing, we'll simply refer you to that book.)

4

as

Music
Music is an integral facet of the World of Darkness. Nothing
adds atmosphere like a Manhole or Christian Death CD chugging
along in the background. The following list is skewed toward the
gothic and urban, because punk's kinda stagnating among all the
Green Days and third-wave ska-cheesers of the world as of this
book's writing. Give the following artists a try; if nothing else,
they've got more balls than the latest whine-wave radio band
Bjork, Homogenic

cEVIN kEY, Music for Cats
Christian Death, Only Theatre of Pain; Catastrophe
Ballet; Ashes; The Iron Mask; Death Mix; First, Last, and
Forever and The Rage of Angels
Cleopatra Records compilations, Gothic Rock 1 and 2;
Enchantments, The Goth Box; GothiK; In Goth Daze; Gothspotting,
Industrial Revolution 1, 2 and 3; Elektro Industrial Sounds;
Agitprop: The Politics of Punk, and lotsa other stuff
Dead Kennedys, Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables; In
God We Trust, Inc.; Frankenchrist and Give Me Convenience
or Give Me Death
Deathride 69, Screaming Down the Gravity Well
Die Form, Vicious Circles; Suspiria de Profundis; Myster-
ies on the Mirror; Museum of Ecstasy; Confessions; Tears of
Eros and many others
The Doctors of Madness — An obscure band from the
1970s, only available in the "used" section of record collectors'
stores. But if you should happen to find them, buy the album
without hesitation! More than almost any other band, the
Doctors' music captures the desolation/ isolation/ introspection
that defines the Hollow Ones.
Gearwhore, Drive
Goldie, Saturnzreturn
L7, Bricks are Heavy; Hungry for Stink
Manhole, All is Not Well
Massive Attack, Mezzanine
Method Man, Tical
Portishead, Dummy and Portishead
Pulp, This is Hardcore
Qntal, Qntal and Qntal II
Radiohead, OK Computer
Roni Size w/Reprazent, New Forms
Tricky, Maxinquaye; Pre-Millennium Tension
and Angels with Dirty Faces
Wink, HereHear
:Wumpscutt:, Bunker Gate Seven
...and any local stuff that catches your ear —local music means
asmuch to people as national music does, sometimes even moreso due
to the hometown connection and the lack of dipshit big-label politics.

Books, Comics and Magazines

Mark Dion and Alexis Rockman, Concrete Jungle —
Stomach-churning look at urban ecosystems. Parasites, rats,
roadkill, cats and dogs... it's all here if you can handle it.

J. Goldberg, Raised by Wolves — If running away ever
seemed romantic to you, check out this gritty mess. A
photojournalistic "essay" of homeless kids, Wolves is an ac id
bath to cool clichés. Despite the squalor, author Goldberg
befriends the people living in this cold hell... which makes
their true stories all the more heartbreaking.

Elmore Leonard, Rum Punch, Get Shorty, The Usual
Suspects, Wild Things — If you need to know why these are
on the list, read them all.

Magazines — Big, Contraband, Anarchy, Sweater, The
Source, and of course Carpe Noctem (a personal favorite).
Also worth noting: the cheapass ‘zines published locally and
available at alternative music, video and book stores. You
can't get any closer to the ragged cutting edge than these
free-or-nearly-so subculture rags, most of which come and go
too quickly to note by name.

Marilyn Manson with Neil Strauss, The Long Hard Road
Out of Hell — What happens when Midwestern kids go from
bad to worse.

Grant Morrison, The Invisibles (comic) — Great stuff,
featuring characters involved ina mystic/multi-dimensional
conspiracy, a transvestite shaman, a gorgeous psycho (or
psychic, who knows?) redhead, and King Mob!

Poetry —Byron, Shelley, Keats, Baudelaire, Dickinson,
and other Romantic-era writers. Also the musings of de
Sade, Dante, the Bronte Sisters, Gogol, Goethe, Miller, T.S.
Eliot, Nin, Poe, and other darkly evocative authors.

Randy Queen, Darkchyld (comic) — Yes, it's cheesy.
Yes, Queen has spent more time marketing this character
than writing/drawing her adventures. Doesn't matter. This
tale of a self-Awakened teen with more problems than a
Whitewater attorney has bite, wit and mood to spare.

Andrew Vachss, Flood; Strega; Blue Belle; Hard Candy;
Sacrifice; The Hour of the Hawk (novels); Hard Looks (comic)
— Hell, just buy anything with his name on it. Besides
writing like a buzzsaw wrapped in barbed wire, the man
supports kids' causes and battles real-life child abusers. His
is a fight worth supporting.

V. Vale and Andrea Juno, Re/Search: Industrial Culture
Handbook; Angry Women; Angry Women of Rock; Modern
Primitives; and Search & Destroy Reprints — Fun, accessible
and loaded with interviews and photos, these handbooks to
alternative subcultures should be required reading.

White Wolf, Destiny's Price — The handbook for
backstreet magi, filled with more subcultures, gutter magick
and attitude than we could include here. A bit dated, but an
invaluable resource for orphan chronicles. Other helpful
urban chronicle sourcebooks include The Anarch's Cook-
book, Chicago By Night, Cult of Ecstasy, Succubus Club,
Love Beyond Death, Rage Across New York and The
Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide.

Colin Wilson, The Misfits — A marvelous study of
deviant artists and the forces that drove them.

Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation and Bitch: In Praise of
Difficult Women — Obnoxious. Pretentious. Shallow. Self-
absorbed. True. What's your point? Read.

Appendix: The Stash 131

X

Z™

\

Z:


NG Ail

Movies

More digestible — and disposable — than most other media,
movies offer unmatched visual reference. With noted exceptions, all
are good flicks.

City of Lost Children — This masterpiece has little to do
with reality as we know it, but everything to do with orphans.
One of the best fantasy films ever made.

A Clockwork Orange — Sometimes the most frightening
prophecies are the self-fulfilling kind.

The Craft— Anessential look at whathappens when angry
kids Awaken without knowing what they're doing. Highly
recommended.

The Crow; Crow II: City of Angels — The sequel blows
screaming chunks at the moon, but it looks fuckin' cool. The
original, on the other hand, isas classic as pulp goth cinema gets.
True, Eric Draven isa ghost (or, more properly, a Risen), but the
world he and his companions inhabit is the epitome of an
orphan's lot.

The Orphans Survival Guide

Dark City — An orphan Awakens in a world run by
mysterious entities. Too derivative to be truly classic, but
damned fine nonetheless.

The Doom Generation — Crappy no-budget hip-flick that
nevertheless conveys the orphan mentality better than almost
any other flim on this list.

Ken Russel's Gothic — A must for early Hollow One
chronicles.

Pulp Fiction — Low life, drugs and violence. (How did those
bullets miss Vincent and Jules, anyway?)

m — Not all orphans favor the leather-and-witchcraft
thing. This brilliant (and very Mage) mind-fuck offers a worm's-
eye view of Awakening and all the hassles that go with it.

Trainspotting, Kids, Sid & Nancy and Gummo — For when
youreally want to scare yourself about the insidious nature of life
in the city.

MAGE: The Ascension™

Nature: Concept:
Player: Essence: Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Affiliation:
sepenane Sees are SESE CG) of | Ly Hf OY SSR er
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @O0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity @0000 = Manipulation, @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina, @O000 = Appearance___@OOOO Wits. @0000
ee
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. OOOO0O DoS OOOOO Computer, OOO000
Athletics, OOOOO Drive OOOO0O Cosmology. OO00O0
Awareness. OOOOO _ Etiquette. OOOO0O = Culture. OOO00O
Brawl, OOOOO Firearms. OOOOO _ Enigmas. OOO00O
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. OOOO Investigation, 00000
Expression, OOO0O0O Meditation, OOOOO - Law. OOOO0O
Instruction. OOO0O Melee. OOOOO Linguistics OOO00O0
Intuition. OOOOO _ Research OOOOO Lore OOOO0O
Intimidation, OOOOO - Stealth___ SEM OOOOO Medicine OOO0O0O
Streetwise OOOOO - Survival__ SS OOOOO Occult OOOO0O
Subterfuge OOOOO _ Technology____ == OOOOO Science. OOO00O
aS
Correspondence. OOOOO Life. OOO0O0O0 Prime OO00O0
Entropy. OOOO0O Mind OOOOO - Spirit OO000O0
Forces, OOO000 Matter. OOOO0O0 Time OOO0O0O
INN
Backgrounds Arete Health
00000 OOODOOOOOOO Bruised -0
00000, aie oo Muted zi
00000 Wounded 2-0
ooo0o FA OOROOUOD  Mauted 20
Quintessence os C
Other Traits Kon %o, Incapacitated |
OOOO0O o oO .
OO000O0 sii oO Experience
00000 ee o


SUR VV CU 1 oe
MAGE: The Ascension™

Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus

Affinity Sphere Magick Style
Favorite Tricks

a eae SY

Quintessence |Appearance

Sennen EMSS SYN TY A I

Difficulty

Maneuver Difficulty Damage
Punch 6 Strength

Kick
Body Slam

Strength+1

Grapple 6 Strength
7
7

Special

Armor:


Mundane Emiaxts "Talented" Contacts

Mundane Influences "Talented" Allies

Resources

Familiar Chrashspace

Close Friends "Special Places"

Silene

Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)

Tools and Rituals


MAGE: The Ascension™

Awakening

Goals/Destiny

Quiets

Apparent Age

Date of Birth

Age of Awakening

Hair

Eyes

Race

Nationality. Appearance/Nature of Avatar.

Height

Weight

Sex.

SPS NRT SE ES SERRE
Circle of Friends Character Sketch


Born in a Firestorm
One moment, you're halfway normal. The next moment, everything goes
to hell. Reality becomes a sham and you're the only one who understands
the truth. Bend over, baby — you're screwed!

Raised on the Streets

Surrounded by enemies, haunted by visions, wrapped
up in forces you can't understand... no wonder you've
gone crazy! But help is here — help from the only
people on Earth who understand. People like you.

The Orphaned Ones. The Survivors.

I Will Never Submit.

From the Waydown to the Heights, the self-
Awakened gather. Defiant. Demented. Too
rebellious for "traditions" and too cool to care.
This is the New Way. They are the Hope of
Tomorrow.

So EAT MEW

You know the drill:

* The Hollow Ones "tradition book..." as if!!
¢ Storyteller advice for hardass chronicles;

© Gutter magick, templates, living legends,
a ready-to-run club, and more!

ill i

Wil II
