# File: The Moonstruck.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

/iilEnemy Book for Hunter: Movants

By: Mary McFarcand, EvHaN Skemp AND ADAM TINWoRTH


Crepirs
Authors: Matt McFarland, Ethan Skemp and Adam
Tinworth. Vampire and the World of Darkness created
by Mark Reine Hagen

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein-Hagen
Devil's Advocates: Bryan Armor and Sean Riley
Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

Hunter Roster Manager: John Meehan

Art Director: Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Guy Davis, Jeff Holt, JeffRebner, Ron Spencer
Front Cover Art: Steve Ellis

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

1554 LINTTON DR © 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.

Ware Wott Hockey Srzciat T HaAKs
Chad "Head in a Keg" Brown (#14, Wing), during the
hockey off-season.

Brian "Told What to Do by a Woman" Glass (#84,
Wing), during the hockey off-season.

Matt "Wipes up Baby Puke" Milberger (#7, Wing),
during the hockey off-season.

Mike "Number Retired" Tinney (#11, Goal), during
the hockey off-season, and then some.

Fred "Draws Naked People" Yelk (#56, Defense), dur-

ing the hockey off-season.

Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
5 expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for

STONE MOUNTIAN, blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
GA 30083 only. White Wolf, Hunter the Reckoning and World of Darkness
USA

are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter Sur-
CAME STUDIO vival Guide, Hunter the Walking Dead, Hunter Apocrypha,

Hunter Players Guide, Hunter Storytellers Handbook, Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Hunter Book Wayward and Hunter the Moonstruck are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader
discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.


Tasts of Convers

Protogue: HEARrtess
InvroDUCTION

Cuaren i: Losr

Cuaprer 2: KNOWING THE PREDATOR
Cuaprer 3: Trait oF tHE Wotr
Guapren 4: Nighy MARES

Guarver 5: BEcomInG PREY
Guarver 6: Inve Hete

Cuarrer 7: Rutss AND SvORY TELLING



I'm beginning to think this trip was a mistake.

The nice thing about beinga travel agent is that you
know how to find travel deals. I abuse that privilege for
all it's worth. I abuse it for my friends, for other "called"
folks, for my own enjoyment. And sometimes, I go
looking for trouble.

I don't know what the hell this time was. All I know
is that every single time I've gone to visit a well-publi-
cized "haunted house," there was nothing there. So, I
figured a tour of "Old West ghost towns" wasn't going to
show me anything scary. I just needed a vacation. Take
some pictures, maybe start writing a travel guide. I've
been thinking about doing that for years. Plus, I'd get to
talk to some spirits, if any were around. Not a bad idea,
right? Would've been even better if Jake had been able to
come along, but I'm not getting into that.

Actually, considering that I'm hunched in a sleep-
ing bag about 12 running steps from the tour van, it's
probably best that Jake isn't here. I'm not sure I could
outrun them, but I'd get a lot farther than he would.
He's still getting used to walking again.

I've never even seen a big cat up close before now. In
zoos, sure, but that's always through glass or bars or across
a moat. I remember one time I was in Cleveland (My
flight schedule got mixed up. Don't ask —I sure wasn't
there by choice!). So, I went to the zoo to kill some time.
There was a Bengal tiger in an enclosure across a moat,
and there were people crowded around watching him. As
we were hanging around, he stopped pacing, faced the
crowd and tensed up like he was thinking, "I'll bet if I
jumped, | could land right there on that stupid woman

trying to roar at me." That was scary — the tiger really
looked like he could do it if he wanted to. I walked away
and looked at the monkeys. I can't exactly do that now.

The cat's breath is awful. It smells like rotted meat.
It's hot and almost sticky, and the smell still lingers from
when it stuck its head into my sleeping bag. I've got no
idea why it didn't go for me then. Maybe I'm hunched
too far down in here to reach.

The couple —Jones? Johnson? Something like that
—are huddled in the tent. I can hear her crying. The cat
hasn't even looked at the tent, but one of the wolves
pawed at it a while ago.

I've visited two ghost towns in the last week and I
haven't see one ghost. That's pretty funny.

+ + e

I flew into New Mexico on Sunday. (Red-eye flight.
Dirt cheap. I rule.) I was planning to fly home tomor-
row. Red-eye again, with a Saturday lay over. I'd be
spending more on souvenirs than on airfare. I've got a
weakness for knickknacks, so what? Anyway, the tour
group was meeting up in Church Rock, not too far from
Gallup. The first thing on the agenda was a quick trip to
Four Corners, the place where Utah, New Mexico,
Arizona and Colorado meet. I'll say this: It's about as
interesting in person as in conversation — gets old after
about five minutes. But what the heck, it was anice way
to get to know folks.

When told people I wasa travel agent, they made abig
deal about it. I'm used to that. It's like when little kids see
their teachers at the grocery store and get all excited because
their teachers have left school. No one ever thinks about


travel agents taking vacations. Anyway, itwasasmall group,
probably because of timing. (Late August isn't a popular
vacation time, which is why I took the trip when I did. Fewer
crowds andall.). Itwas me, the Joneses (Johnsons?), the late
Mr. Greevy, and our guide Daniel. Just five people looking
for ghosts in towns that have been dead for more than a
century. There's a reality TV show in there, somewhere.

Some folks on the net have a total disdain for
"normal folks." I can't figure that out. I go round and
round over whether I'd forget the whole thing if I could,
but I never feel contempt for the folks who don't see what
we do. It's nice to be around them. Jake's really the only
other "called" person I've hung out with in person (other
than that psychopath Rodgers). It always seems that
when we get together — the called, that is — there's
something in the air between us, like, "We shouldn't be
lying here in bed watching movies because there's things
out there that need to be taken care of." It isn't like that
with normal folks. That's why I like tour groups.

Anyway, the Joneses were from Arkansas. They had
me speaking with a drawl inside 15 minutes. Andy Jones
was a schoolteacher. I never asked, but he must have
taught science. He just screamed "nerd." I like nerds.
His wife — she had a real common name, Jennifer or
something — was the one interested in ghosts. Andy
just liked to travel, and he loved the West (big John
Wayne fan, apparently). That's why they were out here.

Daniel putonabigcowboy show, buthe wasasmartguy.
I caught him in his tent the other night reading Van Gogh's
Bad Café. He tried explaining it to me, but I was pretty tired.
He was from Albuquerque and actually went on cattle drives
sometimes. | asked him if they ever letpeople pay to goalong
like in City Slickers, buthesaidnotthathe knew of. probably
would have heard about it, anyway.

And then there was Mr. Greevy. I'm not sure I want
to think about him right now.

> * °

I've counted four wolves. I don't know how big
packs usually get. I knew there were wolves out here, but
I thought they were small. Of course, I'd only ever seen
them in zoos.

These are big wolves. Gray fur, yellow eyes. I'd think
they were beautiful if I wasn't scared out of my mind.
The cat keeps watching the wolves. It think it's a puma.
I saw a picture of one in one of travel guides.

Talways thought that when housecats played with string
orchased the light froma flashlight they were hunting. That
awildcatwould look thesame. That'snotthe case atall. This
cat looks to be all business, and the wolves look pissed, too.

I thought predators would leave each other alone.
That as long as you didn't leave food out uncovered, you
wouldn't attract anything. That's what we tell people
who go on camping trips for the first time and are
worried about bears. Just keep your food in a sealed
container, same with your garbage, and they'll leave you

alone. But these animals don't seem interested in any-
thing but each other. Why? Is that normal?

Not sure where Daniel is. He was sleeping on the
other side of the fire from me. Apparently we're tough.
We don't need tents. I don't see him now.

The cat's padding toward me again. As much as I
hate to do it, I find myself thinking about Mr. Greevy.

* + *

Greevy was from Connecticut. | knew it immedi-
ately by his accent. I have no idea what he was doing on
this trip. He wasn't married — at least, he didn't wear a
ting —and he seemed bored to tears by the whole thing.
Maybe it was all an act. Maybe he really was fascinated.
Maybe he had a burr up his butt. I don't know. He just
rubbed everybody the wrong way when he introduced
himself as "Mr. Greevy." Andy and Jennifer kind of
blanched at that — you could tell they weren't used to
formalities. | am, so it didn't bother me. Daniel didn't
even blink. If you looked up the word "unflappable" in
the dictionary, you'd see Daniel's picture.

Greevy was maybe 30, but he was an old 30. He didn't
walk with a limp or have white hair or anything, but there
was this look about him that said he'd been through hell.
I wish I could say, "I know what that's like," but every time
I think something like that, I have to think, "Yeah, Liz,
what have you been through? Seen a couple of dead
people and ghosts. Maybe helped a couple remember that
they're dead? At least your legs never got ripped off."

I wonder what Greevy saw that made him old. I'll
never know, I guess. I had some idea that he might have
been one of the called before he confirmed it, but it was
just a nagging thought. I get those thoughts about
everybody. See some guy on TV who shoots up his office
—was he called? A story in the tabloids about a miracle
in Boston, a woman called straight up to Heaven in a
church — was she called, like me? It isn't like I got a
brochure for this trip. But Greevy looked haunted. And
maybe that was it. I didn't even think to look really
carefully at him. Some folks on the net call it the sight.
I'm not sure what he would have looked like, anyway.

Greevy took a lot of pictures. Not with a camera, but
with a camcorder. He listened to every word Daniel said
about the towns we saw. He asked a lot of questions about
ghosts. What kinds of sightings there had been, how long
ago, by anybody reliable, blah blah blah. Daniel just kind
of took it all in stride like the nice guy he is.

The first ghost town that we visited was just over the
border into Arizona. It was called Day's Junction. Weird
name for a town, but what the heck. Daniel said it was
named after some dude named Jonah Day, back in eigh-
teen-forty-something. Itwasaminingcamp untilsomebody
dug a well. Then somebody else built a road between two
other towns. Lo and behold, the little camp was right near
the halfway point on that road. So, Jonah Day got the
brilliant idea of building a little store or something so that


travelers could getsomething to eat. Daniel said itall lasted
until about 1852, when the town fell apart. He wasn't sure
why — got very mysterious about it. "Some folks say the
well ran dry, which is a sure town-killer. Some folks say a
disease broke out and killed everybody. Others say..." —
dramatic pause — "...it was the curse of the Wendigo."

Greevy kind of coughed and said, "Actually,
Wendigo legends didn't make it this far south."

Daniel just smiled that polite smile of his and said
something like, "Guess it wasn't that, then," and con-
tinued on the tour.

Here's the thing, though: I've actually read about
the Wendigo (in a kid's book of ghost stories, of all
places). It's a spirit from up north that supposedly grabs
folks, drags them along until their feet burn off, carries
them up into the air and drops them. Jake says that in
some legends it eats people. Daniel must have known
that, but he said the "curse of the Wendigo" so...
strangely. Like he knew that was it.

See what I mean? You get paranoid when you're
called. What's Jake call it? "Imbued?" Either way, you
start jumping at your own shadow. And ifit's like this for
me, what's it like for the folks that actually go out and
hunt these things with fire and stakes and crap like that?

Anyway, we walked around Day's Junction and took
some pictures. | was having a great time. There wasn't
much left of the town, of course, but there was a skeleton
ofan old building and some mine shafts. Good "photo ops."
There was a beautiful view from a small butte, so Daniel
and I and the Joneses climbed it (Greevy said his legs
weren't up to it). We were talking about camping on the
butte, but it started thundering in the distance so Daniel
said we should head back toward town. (Part of the fee for
the trip was a "bad-weather charge." If you have to get a
motel because of weather, you're already covered.) It
stormed so hard that night, I couldn'tsleep. I kept thinking
of Jake, and for some reason I felt small, alone and scared.

o> ¢ ¢

Which isn't too different from how I feel now, actu-
ally. I've gota wolfon either side of me, so I don't dare stick
my head out. I can barely breathe and it feels like a furnace
in here. Don't know where the cat went. I can hear the
wolves growling to each other. Do they communicate like
that? I thought it was all body language and stuff, but one
growls and then the other, almost like a conversation.

Jake talked about werewolves once. But then what
about the puma? Why is it here? Maybe it's got cubs nearby
or something. It could be female. Do pumas have manes?

See, this is the kind of thing that goes through your
head when you're scared out of your mind. It isn't like I
haven't seen weird stuff before. Hell, I went to bed with
aguy with no legs and woke up with a dance partner. But
there's something different about it when it's animals.

Weall want to believe we're on top. Humans, I mean.
We want to think we rule the world. Us "imbued" folks

know different, of course. We know other stuff goes on
behind the scenes. Some of it doesn't touch us. Some of it
can kill us. I try not to get in too deep. I just help the ones
that need it. If you're dealing with the ghost of some guy
whoreally wants his wife to know that he was cheating and
he's sorry, it can seem petty next to the knowledge that a
bunch of vampires are trying to take over the world (or
some other B,S.). But at least that's something you can
grasp onto, you know? You can maybe reason with a ghost.

But what about an animal? A real predator, on its
own turf, looking you over like you might taste good.
What's more scary than being eaten?

I guess Andy must have comforted Jennifer. I don't
hear her crying anymore.

* % >

The next day, everything had that rain-washed
smell. We all piled into the van and started heading
northeast, toward Colorado. We visited a Navajo Res-
ervation. Daniel said he had friends there, so we swung
in for a few minutes. I bought a few things, including a
really nice handmade blanket. Like I said, I can't help
myself. Greevy muttered something about washing it
before using it. I don't think I bothered to respond.

We got on the road and into Colorado just before
nightfall. The weather was nice, so we pulled into a camp-
ground and pitched our tents. Sometime during the night,
I got up, "knocked" on Daniel's tent and found him reading
that book. I think we talked for a while, but I was pretty out
of it. | hadn't slept well the night before, like I said.

The next day we drove up to Disappointment Creek
and found our next ghost town. That one was much more
commercialized, because it was bigger and in better repair.
Daniel said that was because a lot of it had been rebuilt,
which seems like a strange thing to do to a ghost town.
Greevy didn't even bother with the camcorder. The
were lots of people, comparatively, but most of the license
plates were local. Daniel gave us a similar spiel about this
town, but didn't mention the Wendigo. He knew why this
town got abandoned. It was an out-of-the-way mining
town, and its mines caved in one day after an earthquake.

We hiked a ways out and found a place to camp.
Daniel reminded us to shake our shoes for scorpions in
the morning and then took his tent up to higher ground.
I thought about following him but got the sense that he
wanted to be alone. The rest of us sat around the fire and
told ghost stories. Andy actually told the "hook for a
hand" one. I hadn'theard that since grade school. I have
a few good stories, but I couldn't tell them. Most folks
preface ghost stories by assuring you that "this story is
true." Mine actually are — and that's why I can't tell
them. Hell, | can't make stories interesting, anyway.

Greevy didn't say much, but after three of us told
stories, he leaned forward into the firelight and said,
"You want a story? You're in one. What does Daniel
know about the Wendigo? I know those stories, and I'll


HUNTER: THE MOONSYRUCK

tell you, he's got them wrong. ‘A man wanders off under
the full moon,' they used to say, ‘and you'll find him
dead the next morning — heart torn out and eaten by
the Wendigo. All you'll get as warning is a howl.'"

He couldn't have timed it better. A coyote howled
right then. We all nearly jumped out of our skins —
Greevy included —and laughed. Greevy looked embar-
rassed and tried to continue but we were having too
much fun howling back at the coyote, so he just walked
off into the dark. I remember him kicking the sand.
Sand looks blue in full moonlight.

He wandered off under the full moon. And we did
find him dead the next morning, but we had no way to tell
whether his heart was torn out or not. He'd been crushed
undera boulder. Daniel kept telling me that I should look
away, that we should all go back to the van — and that
he'd make sure the police took care of everything. We saw
a sheriff's car drive up. Daniel stood there and talked to
the guy for a while. They looked like old friends. Andy
kept saying that they'd want to question us, but Daniel
just came back to the car and got in, and we started
driving away. Andy and Jennifer huddled quietly in the
back of the van, trying to come to terms. Probably, they'd
never seen death like that before. | had. Daniel and I
talked about it this afternoon, in fact, while Jennifer and
Andy were off calling home. Daniel said that Greevy
must have leaned ona rock wrong and been unable to get
clear when the boulder fell.

But I don't think that's how he died. Daniel didn't
see it, but there was a symbol smeared ona rock wall not
far from the boulder. The symbol was one of ours, and it
meant, "trap." Talk abouta mixed message. | almost told
Daniel, but finally I couldn't.

It was pretty obvious that Greevy made the mark
before he died. But what killed him? The legend of the
Wendigo keeps coming back to me. "All you'll get as
warning is a howl."

+ © +

The howl I hear now startles me, and I poke my
head out of the sleeping bag a little. The wolf is behind
me and 1 don't turn around. The fire's gone out, and the
moonlight is just bright enough to let me see the puma
— but it looks different. Maybe it's a trick of the light,
but the cat looks huge. More like a saber-tooth tiger than
a puma. Looking at it that way, I know it's more than a
cat. It's got that same other-glow that ghosts have.
Never heard of a ghost-cat before. So what's that make
the wolves? I can't see them, anyway.

The puma springs and lands on the other side of me. I
feel it land. I hear tearing and snarling, like a dogfight. I curl
up into a little ball and pray I don't get caught in the middle.

Something spatters my sleeping bag. It sounds like
rain. But somehow, | don't think it's raining.

+ + +

The four of us had dinner at a little roadside café.

Mostly truckers. Country music on the radio. Everybody


was real polite, which helped. I think they could see we
were shaken up a bit.

Daniel said that the tour was prepared to refund half our
money, as we'd only gotten through half the tour. We all felt
that was fair. I reminded Andy and Jennifer that I was a
travel agent, and we decided that the next day we'd drive
into Grand Junction and try to catch a break on flights.

We were going to stay in a hotel that night, but the
only one we found was so run down that we decided we'd
rather camp. We found an out-of-the-way spot with no
rocks or boulders. Andy and Jennifer went to bed early.
Daniel and I stayed up, talking. Mostly talking, anyway.
And then things got a little crazy.

I'm not sure what I'd tell Jake, even if I ever decide to
try. But it was like I had to, not like I was being forced. I just
wanted him. It was almost like when I was young and
decided to rebel by screwing around with scummy guys. I
didn't get the same bitter rush from having sex with
Daniel, though. It was very pure, and very rough. I've heard
that sometimes couples will make love after funerals, just
to feel alive or better or whatever. I never believed it
before, but I don't have another explanation. I really wish
I hadn't done it, but at the same time, I know I'll be
thinking about it next time I'm lonely and missing Jake.

We lay there in my sleeping bag and heard the first
howl. I thought it was a coyote, but Daniel tensed up and

told me tostay put. He got out —still naked —and started
walking toward his stuff, I guess to get a gun. That's when
I looked over and saw the wolves pawing at the Joneses'
tent. I don't know where the puma came from.

+ + ¢

The snarling has stopped now. I hear something
sniffing around outside my sleeping bag again, and I just
keep curled up tight and try not to make a sound.
Finally, I hear a noise halfway between a grunt and a
bark, and something runs across the sand.

It's another few minutes before I dare move. Then
I pull on my shorts and my bra— they're still in the
bottom of my sleeping bag. I don't know where the rest
of my clothes are. Finally, I poke my head out.

I smell blood. It's covering my hands as I climb out
of my sleeping bag. My clothes are on the ground, but
they're completely soaked. My pack is back in the van,
come to think of it.

The Joneses' tent is wrecked. I run over and, once I see
the full damage, I throw up. Andy and Jennifer are both
there, dead. I don't even try to figure out which is which.

I sit down on the sand and cry. I cry for Jake, for me, for
Greevy, for Andy and Jennifer, and for Daniel, wherever he is.

That thought clears my head some. I stand up and
start walking around, afraid to yell. Off in the distance,
a howl echoes, and then three or four more pick up the
chorus. Whatever they are, they're still out there. need
to find Daniel and get out of here.

PROLOGUE: HEARTLESS

Thear a moan a ways off from our campsite. Daniel's
lying there, and I almost throw up again when I see him.
He's still naked, and he's entirely covered in blood —
mostly his own, I think. His left hand is missing and a
jagged shard of bone juts out from the wrist. He's got bite
marks up and down his body. His stomach's torn open.
And somehow, through all of that, he's still alive.

I look down at him and know through the sight
where that puma came from.

"They didn't kill you?" he whispers.

I shake my head. They must have missed my smell
because of the blood on my sleeping bag. A million-to-
one chance, but that seems to happen to me.

"Sorry..."

Ikneel down next to him. "What?" Lask, as tenderly
as I can.

"Sorry. About Greevy. He thought he was looking
for me. He was looking for..."

"The Wendigo." I look up, expecting to see the
wolves coming back. I shudder. The night's gotten
colder since Daniel crawled out of my sleeping bag.

He nods. "Call the police. Get Sheriff Brown — my
brother. Sorry... Liz."

He closes his eyes and says something in a language
I don't understand. He whispers it three or four times
before his breath finally stops.

I call the police on Andy's cell phone and eventu-
ally get put through to Sheriff Brown. A while later, he
arrives and asks what happened. | tell him the truth.
What else could I tell him?

He looks around at the bodies and turns back to me.
"Wolves don't do this, you know." I nod. "Pumas, either."

"Neither do people," I say.

"No," he mutters. "Don't reckon they do." I try to
repeat what Daniel said and ask the Sheriff if he knows
what it means. He gets asad smile and coughs a bit, like he's
tryingnottocry. "Itmeans, ‘Finally I fly with Thunderbird."

He motions toward his car. "Maybe you should wait
there." My face must fall, because he adds, "You ain't under
arrest. Youdidn'tdo this. But I can'tjust have you wandering
around. Wait there for a minute." I nod and get into the
cruiser. The Sheriff walks around the campsite, looking like
he doesn't know what the hell to do. I know how he feels.

I sit in the car, crying and bloody, wondering about
Jake and how I'll tell him what happened. I wonder about
what really did happen. I finally curl up on the backseat
and shut my eyes.

Some time later, Sheriff Brown gets into the car and
starts it up. He thinks I'm asleep, but I'm not. As we drive
away, I heara howl from somewhere in the desert. I still feel
coldandempty, small and alone. I feel like I've betrayed Jake
and lost a friend. | feel like I could have helped if I'd tried.

The Wendigo has more than one way to eat your heart.



Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves.

— Luke 10:3

Beasys rHay WALK As Men

Say the word "werewolf" and you immediately con-
jure images from the collective human unconscious.
Images of wolves biting people who in turn become part
man, part beast. Rampaging killers that transform under
the full moon. Stalkers of both animals and men as prey.
The notion of these ferocious killers pervades human
culture and history. Indeed, the image of such beings has
become so commonplace that the concept of the
werewolf is almost synonymous with the term "mon-
ster." Notions of what shapechangers are, what they
crave and what they are vulnerable to have worked
themselves into legend and lore. We all draw on the
same pool of images when "werewolf" comes to mind.

The same is true in the World of Darkness, a reality
that's a mere shade removed from our own. Its people
conjure up the same images of lycanthropes that we do.
That means hunters — people abruptly and painfully
awakened to the truth of monsters' existence — also
approach werewolves' existence with the same precon-
ceptions. But in the World of Darkness, beast-men
aren't myth, legend or some subconscious expression of
buried desires. They're real. They've existed for millen-
nia. And because these predators really do lurk in the

wilds, which "understood" aspects of their nature are
accurate? What images of them have been fabricated to
keep their existence a secret? And what stories about
them give an aware human just enough information to
get himself killed when dealing with these creatures of
the night?

The fact is the imbued know nothing and can take
nothing for granted about shapeshifters, their nature or
their very existence. These beings have eluded discov-
ery by mankind and preyed upon the human herd for so
long that people comprehend next to nothing about
what man-beasts are really like. Popular myths may once
have derived from fact, maybe even facts known widely
by people far back in human history, perhaps during the
Stone Age. But time and mortality have taken their toll
on these precious morsels of wisdom so that they are now
mere glimmers of what they were. And now, such
fragmented information is all that hunters have to work
with. They're confronted with the reality of nature's fury
and left to arm themselves against that horrifying truth
with only more rumors and Hollywood portrayals.

At least, that's how hunters' experiences with
werewolves and forays against them might begin. If the
chosen are lucky enough to survive such encounters,
they may learn through hard knocks which legends

a =


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

about shifters are real and which are patently false. From
these trials, the imbued may glimpse something of what
man-wolves really are, how deeply they intrude into
society, and what some of their vulnerabilities may be.
But, of course, such discoveries are still only the tip of
the iceberg. Beings as ancient as these predators must
protect unimaginable secrets and partake in feral acts
that not even imbued eyes have witnessed. Indeed, if
hunters can achieve any successes in saving or destroy-
ing werewolves, maybe those creatures faced are only
the weakest or "youngest" of their kind. Surely, the
deadliest and most fierce possess immense power, are
kings among beasts, and hold court in primeval dens
that no human has seen.

And yet, despite the insurmountable odds against
them, what choice do the imbued have but to do
something about the shapechangers and beast-men that
they spot in the wilds, that lurk on the urban fringes and
that even stride along city streets? Monsters are out
there, stalking, murdering and devouring unwitting
people. What choice do the chosen have but to confront
and stand up to these abominations, perhaps even at the
cost of hunters' lives?

Gacin rue Beasy

Hunter: The Moonstruck explores the ordeals of
the imbued when they face the mysteries and terror of
werewolves and other man-beasts. This book illustrates
the confusion, misunderstanding and outright paranoia
that arises for both the chosen and shapeshifters when
they discover and contend with each other. Ideally,
Moonstruck helps you as a player understand the kinds
of reactions to werewolves, their allies, their capabilities
and their influence that your imbued character may
have. The book also answers many of the questions
about shifters that plague players and hunters. Possible
truths of man-beast origins and goals are revealed. Yet,
the fact that these "disclosures" are made by hunters
struggling through their own ignorance, and by the very
things that hunters contend with, makes such discover-
ies extremely dubious — as are all revelations in the
World of Darkness. Hunters who take the "truth" with
a grain of salt, or who look for truths within the truth,
might just survive.

Moonstruck also helps Storytellers understand how
werewolves might respond to the hunter phenomenon
and its possible threat. ("Possible" because the human
masses have been kept in the dark about beast-man
existence for centuries. So how is it that a handful of the
cattle could suddenly know the truth and dare to use
such knowledge against their betters?) Storytellers can
also find all kinds of story ideas throughout. Lies and
schemes perpetrated by the Other Side might lead
hunters to weak or raging enemies that need to be dealt
with or, alternatively, to imbued self-discovery. Or,

contact with skinchangers might lead the imbued into
traps as the beasts further their own agendas at the
expense of the chosen.

The Moonstruck tells three stories about hunter
and werewolf interaction, each told in two parts.

Chapter 1: Lost reveals how subversive and subtle
werewolves can be within human society, and how
bloodthirsty and brutal they can be without it.

Chapter 2: Knowing the Predator explores how
the imbued might initiate a hunt for werewolves once
they know these creatures exist.

Chapter 3: Trail of the Wolf gives a hint of how
sympathetic and misunderstood shapechangers and hunt-
ers might be to each other.

Chapter 4: Nightmares is part two to "Lost" and
concludes the story of human prey and their flight for
survival.

Chapter 5: Becoming Prey continues "Knowing
the Predator" and reveals how little hunters truly know
about shapechangers, and what such ignorance can cost
them.

Chapter 6: Into Hell completes the story begun in
"On the Trail of the Wolf" as the imbued learn just how
similar — yet antithetical — hunter existence can be to
that of shapechangers.

Chapter 7: Rules and Storytelling is intended for
Storytellers alone. It offers tips and guidance on how to
understand and portray werewolves in your Hunter
chronicle, and it embellishes upon information pro-
vided in the core rulebook and in the Storytellers
Companion. This chapter (indeed, this whole book)
operates under the tenets for depicting shapeshifters
explored in the article "Building Better Monsters" in the
Hunter Storytellers Handbook (p. 47). That is,
werewolves don't have to be blood-soaked killing ma-
chines or instinct-driven beasts to terrify hunters and
their players. The creatures shown here can have human
lives, minds and outlooks. They can walk as easily
beneath towering skyscrapers as beneath primeval trees,
yet are prepared to stalk and kill prey in either setting.
Werewolves represent the raw power of nature as it
assaults the delicate shelter that humanity has created
for itself. The security that people feel in their homes,
offices and towns is a lie. Humans are still prey animals,
and werewolves remind them — and hunters — of that
bone-chilling reality.

Ultimately, this book is meant to allow you to
capture the mood and feel of shapechangers as portrayed
in Werewolf: The Apocalypse, without having to own
that game. Werewolf certainly helps if you want to
capture the breadth of man-beast existence, society and
machinations in your chronicle, but it's not essential. In
fact, you could take all the information about changers
presented here and cast them any way you like, with


origins, purpose and feral existence all of your own
creation. That way, they become your antagonists alone
and are nothing that players familiar with the other
Storyteller games have ever seen before. It's your
chronicle.

Source Maveriats

Lots of stuff about heroic people who deal with
werewolves (usually in a manner that proves fatal to
some or all participants) is available. We've tried to
avoid silly or over-the-top sources in compiling this list.
Hunter is about regular folks facing a suddenly mon-
strous world. They're scared, yet they do something
anyway. We've tried to pick out books and movies that
emphasize that very real resolve and bravery —Hunter's
theme.

Werewolves in the World of Darkness owe some of
their traits to classic Western shapechanger literature,
but the reading list goes far beyond that. S.P. Somtow's
Moon Dance is probably the best example of recent
werewolf horror fiction, and the most applicable.

To perhaps get an ideal feel for all aspects of the
werewolf experience, we recommend a number of books
on wolves, myths and environmental concerns. Jack
London works such as Call of the Wild and White Fangare
just as suitable as Barry Lopez's Of Wolves and Men and
Farley Mowat's Never Cry Wolf (which has also been
adapted to film). For capturing the American Indian
viewpoint on shapechangers, we recommend American
Indian Myths and Legends (edited by Richard Erdoes and
Alfonso Ortiz) for the legendary side, and just about
anything by Sherman Alexie for the human side.

Sadly, most werewolf movies qualify as "decent" at
best. Wolfen, The Howling (the first only — its sequels
are strictly avoidable) and An American Werewolf in
London are probably the most applicable. Others in-
clude the classic The Wolf Man, Wolf (the Jack Nicholson
movie) and An American Werewolf in Paris — most of
which are probably better for illustrating what hunters
think they know about werewolves than for breaking
away from accepted myths. For a quirky take on lycan-
thropy as malady and contagion, the Canadian
tragicomedy Ginger Snaps can't be beat. Finally, Hayao
Miyazaki's animated film Princess Mononoke, though
not strictly about werewolves, is a masterwork that

depicts the innate rivalry between man and nature, and
the spiritual aspects of nature at their best and worst.
With a rich cast of humans and nature-spirits (and also,
huge, sentient wolves), it's as close to "must see" viewing
as we get.

Ennarum
The following paragraphs from Chapter 3, page
| 49, of Hunter Book: Wayward appeared incomplete }
} in the published work. The full text appears below.
Before we play 20 questions, I want to let you
know that while you two were skipping town, I was
in the waiting room at Jiffy Lube. Remember, the car }
needed an oil change? 1 saw the news about the j

} explosion on TV. Twenty minutes later, I was

i crossing fire department barriers to try to find you.

} The same arson investigator at the place Peleus
torched showed up again, so I had to leave. I
checked one hospital in East St. Louis, afraid that I
might find you guys there, when I realized the arson

} cop was tailing me. So I shook her, got out of town

} and ditched the car for a new one. In other words,

} it was all rotten luck on my part and yours.

Shall we commence with the interroga- }

} tion, officer?

| >And don't try to bullshit me because I know you
pulled the trigger.

You were the one who told me Peleus was holed
up with those two, based on information from our

} mutual friend. The wife was probably banging every

} militiamonkey and klansman on the West Coast —

} Peleus for sure — and the husband knew it but

} turned ablindeye. You were the one who figured out

| hubby was mixing monster patrol and gay bashing,
and then you told me, knowing what had happened
to my brother. Youdidn't tell me all that stuff so I'd

i} go give the guy a medal. You told me because you
were afraid your girlfriend's gal-pal was falling in J
with a bad crowd. Which is exactly what they were, all

| three of them. As you recall, the thanks our friend

} got for associating with them was Peleus trying to

} turn her into roadkill. By all rights, he should have }f
died when he tried to take her out. But he survived
the crash.



Behold, I send you out like sheep among wolves; you
must be shrewd as serpents, innocent as doves.

— Matthew 10:16

Disasver

Okay, first thing's first. My name is James MacTeague.
Most folks just call me "Teague." I was on my way to meet
someone in a small town in British Columbia called
Devine. I flew into Vancouver from Sacramento and got
onapuddle jumper plane tofly to Devine. The plane went
down and I have no idea where we are.

There are seven other people still alive (eight, counting
the kid). One of them isa monster. | have no idea whichone.

Tue Grasn

It's been several hours since the crash. No one has
showed up to rescue us. There's been talk of setting a fire
toattract attention, but it's awfully dry out here and May
is afraid it might spread out of control. I guess it's pretty
amazing that the plane didn't start one.

Everybody's pretty freaked out. Penny's kid is still
crying, although they got his leg to stop bleeding. We've
all kind of separated. I can hear Desmond preaching to
whoever's listening, which is probably no one. So, I
think I'm alone.

Thank God, my laptop still works. I'm going toneed to
upload this to hunter-net as soon as we reach civilization.
We can't be too far from Devine. I think we should walk it.

Okay, rambling a bit. Here's what happened:

I fell asleep almost as soon as we got into the air. I
wear a patch behind my ear when I fly to keep from
getting airsick, but it also makes me drowsy. I was going
to Devine, like I said, to meet a guy on the net. We were
basically going to swap stories and maybe deal with a
problem in his town. Those details aren't important
right now. There were about a dozen other folks on the
plane, counting the pilot and co-pilots. No flight atten-
dants. Puddle jumpers don't even give out peanuts.

I woke up because the plane jumped really bad. 1
heard the pilot shouting from the cockpit, and then
suddenly a co-pilot (his name is Gerald) came running
into the cabin. He had blood on his face. | found out
later that the windshield shattered and the pilot was
killed instantly. The plane started to dive. I reached
under my seat and grabbed my bag and hugged it to my
chest. No idea why. Everybody was screaming and
panicking, but I couldn't put voices to faces and I had my
eyes shut. Then we hit.

‘We must have skimmed through a couple of trees
and come torest on the forest floor. I opened my eyes and
saw people in the air, and for whatever reason, I turned
on the sight. The lights went out in the cabin at exactly
the same second, and all I could see was silhouettes. But


one of those silhouettes was wrong. It gave off a very
distinct "this should not exist" sense, like that walking
corpse I saw back home. But then the plane bounced and
I cracked my head on the window.

When I came to, a man was shaking me, trying to
wake me up. I still had my bag in my hands. My head was
bleeding and I was disoriented, but a look around re-
minded me what had happened. The cabin was wrecked.
The back end of the plane had snapped off from the main
body. No one had been sitting back there. I was the
furthest back. I picked my way out of the plane and saw
who was still alive.

Survivors

There were eight others, like I said. Just so anyone
reading this can keep them straight, here they are:

May. My age (that'd be 21 or so). Blond, athletic.
Says she's a student, although I haven't asked her where
she goes to school. When I climbed out of the plane, she
was sitting on a tree trunk tending to a cut on her leg.

Gerald, co-pilot. Also pretty young, I'd guess late
20s. He's in complete shock and just keeps babbling.
Somewhere in his ramblings, he mentioned that this was
his first day on the job.

Bai. I assume she's Chinese, but she doesn't speak a
lot of English. She wasn't even scratched in the crash,
but was very obviously in shock.

Desmond. Big black guy. Sounds like he's from the
South, but I'm not sure. 40s, maybe. Obviously a deeply
religious man, because he started with the Bible quotes
almost immediately. Frankly, it's getting annoying. He's
walking with a limp, but doesn't seem hurt too bad.

The guy who woke me up hasn't said a word. I don't
know his name. All know is that he was bickering with
awoman when we took off. His wife, maybe. She died in
the crash. He hasn't cried or really reacted yet.

Penny and her son Luke are from California, like
me. Luke's six or seven. I'd put Penny at about 30 or so.
She's holding it together for his sake. His left leg is cut
pretty badly, although like I said, it's stopped bleeding.
She hasn't let anyone else near him and gets frantic if
anyone tries.

Finally, Kim. I'm not sure what she does, but I'm
guessing waitress or checkout clerk. I'd guess her age at
25 or 26, but she looks older. She's been whining about
wanting a cigarette, but apparently no one else who
survived was a smoker, so she's out of luck.

No one knows about my computer yet. It was in my
bag along with a change of clothes. (Always take carry-
on luggage!) I hear May trying to gather everybody
together, so I should get back. One other thing, though:
I can't "see." I've tried several times. I know for certain
that one of these people isn't human, but I have no idea
what that makes him or her. I've read through posts on
the net before, but half are from religious nuts and the

other half from alien conspiracy theorists. I've got no
idea how much of that crap is true.

It's 3:21 PM. I'll include times from now on, as much
for my own sake as anyone else's.

Tue Pan

It's 4:33 PM. We've discussed it and decided to start
walking in the morning if no one shows up. We crashed
ona mountain side, so we're just going to head down. It's
pretty steep, which will make for slow going (particu-
larly since Penny insists that only she can carry her kid,
and even when he walks, he can't walk fast). We figure
it can't be too far to Devine or another town.

What we're going to eat is another matter. Like |
said, no food on puddle jumpers. Penny has snacks for
Luke but won't share them. No one's really in the mood
to try and convince her otherwise. We all look like we're
pretty healthy people. Kim's a little thin, and she's a
smoker, but otherwise I think we could pull this off.

Except for one little thing — one of us is a monster.

God, | wish I could tell the rest. For all I know, one of
them could be one of us. If ] could just remember one of
those Goddamned symbols! Or turn on the sight again, or
something. I'm just going to have to watch. If any of them
does anything weird, I'll have to hope and pray that
someone lends me strength again. As itis, I've kind of been
hoping for a hunch, like that first time, but no luck so far.

I guess it's possible that I was imagining it, but I don't
think so. I got a very strong sense of "wrongness" from
whoever I saw, and it could have been any of them. (Except
probably the kid, but 1 don'tknow that thatrules Penny out!)

I'm going to go see what I can get out of them. I'll
boot the computer back up tonight and type in what I
find. If don't figure out who it is, maybe somebody else
could if they read this.

First Nigar

It's just after midnight. Moon's almost full. That
doesn't make me feel any better.

I spent the evening talking with everybody, but
mostly with May. She's a smart woman. She goes to
UCLA, studying bio. She laughed little when I told her
I was a rising junior and was still undeclared. Back in
school we joke that I'm "majoring in indecisiveness."
That's where my hunter.net handle came from. Indeci-
sive346. Pleased to meet you. Not that I've ever posted.

Anyway, May and I talked. The cut on her leg isn't as
deep as she thought. It just bled a lot. She says the cut on my
scalp might need stitches. I'm hoping I don't have a concus-
sion. What if that's why I can't see? Does it work like that?

No sense scaring myself. Al scares me enough as it is.

Al's the guy who hasn't said anything yet. He just
sits by himself with this real distant look on his face. The
only reason I know his name is because May heard his
wife say something like, "Honest to God, Al, how do we
always end up on these commuter planes?" | think he


might be in shock, but how would I know? Maybe he
died in the crash and just doesn't know it yet.

Desmond was happy to talk to me. He is from the
South: Macon, Georgia. He's a deacon in his church
(Baptist), was coming back from a conference in
Vancouver and got a great deal by taking our plane to
Edmonton to fly home that way. I don't know if he's
always this zealous, but I haven't ever met anybody
outside of Crusader17 who's this stuck on Jesus. (I'm
exaggerating; Desmond's not that bad) His Bible survived
the crash, so he's been looking for passages to help inspire
us. No one's told him to shut up yet, but I saw a pentacle
tattoo on Kim's shoulder. She kind of bristles when he
talks. I think we need to keep those two separated.

I'm trying to find way to be polite about Kim. I really
am. Her grammar and basic attitude don't suggest that
she's a doctoral candidate. May put it a bit more suc-
cinctly. "She's white trash." I'm not sure I'd go that far,
but I wonder if she's going to make it through this. I
talked to her briefly. She insisted on referring to me as
"college boy," as though she should get some badge of
honor for going to the "University of Life." I'm trying to
be rational, here, but that attitude really annoys me. I'm
in college because I don't know what else to do. I don't
pay tuition because my uncle is a professor.

Like you need to know this. Sorry. So that's Kim. Bai,
like I said, doesn't speak much English. I got her to
understand that we were going to start walking tomorrow,
but that was an adventure in itself. Desmond tried to help,
but when it became clear that she didn't understand him,
he started raising his voice. I've never understood why
that's such a common reaction. It didn't help. I really feel
for Bai. We're all freaked, but she's alone.

Talking to Penny was impossible. Luke had drifted
off to sleep. When she saw me coming over, she shook
her head and waved me away. Maybe tomorrow.

Ditto Gerald. Poor guy hasn't been able to stop pacing.
Which is really too bad, because I'd like to know what the
hell we hit. The pilot's dead and Gerald's incoherent.

I'm going to try to get some sleep. Away from the
wreckage. I don't want the monster coming for me while
I'm sleeping. God, that sounded childish.

Morning

1 actually meant to type more last night, but was
interrupted. It's 4:42 AM. The sun's rising and I can hear
people stirring, so I'll make this brief.

Gerald's dead. It was him I heard scream last night. I
ranoverto where the others were sleeping. May wasalready
awake and had followed the sound. Penny was trying to
shush Luke, who was upset but staying relatively quiet. Bai
was standing, looking around uncertainly. I toldeverybody
to stay put and ran off to find May. I bumped into Al in the
woods, but he just ran by me, looking sick. I found May
kneeling by a shoe. She didn't look too hot herself.

CHAPTER:LOST

Gerald's foot was still in the shoe. It looked like it
had been chewed off.

Alstill isn't talking and May and I agreed not to say
anything to the others until morning. It isn't like we can
help Gerald anyway. I'm going to go wake her up, and
then try to explain what happened to the others. I'm
dreading it. I've got no idea how to make Bai understand.

What the hell killed Gerald? And where'd the body
go? I'm nota tracker or anything, but we found his foot
in a clearing. There was no blood trail, no underbrush
beaten down. (At least not that I noticed, but let's be
honest, | wouldn't know what to look for.) We didn't
hear any animal noises, but something tore his foot off.
Was it the monster in our group? If it was, I don't know
who it was. I guess Al or May, but they both looked
pretty shaken up. And besides, neither of them had
blood on them anywhere.

I'mnotsmart enough to figure this out right now. I'm
going to go wake the others and try and get us moving.

Down rte Mounrain

It's 10:12 AM. We've stopped to rest. Been walking
since about 8.

I woke everybody up around 5:30 this morning.
Penny nearly took my head off. She actually started
screaming, "Get away from Luke!" She calmed down after
she woke up and remembered where she was. Luke's been
quiet. When I was seven, I'd have been going nuts,
especially if all I had to eat was snack crackers (Mom used
to say I had a hollow leg to eat as much as I did).

Anyway, we told the others what happened. Kim
started spouting off about bears, but we managed to get
hertokeep quiet. May and I buried what was left of Gerald
last night (it didn't take long, even without shovels).
Desmond said a little eulogy. Mostly Bible quotes. It
wasn't like we knew anything about the deceased.

Exactly what killed him apparently didn't weigh as
heavily on their minds as on mine, but then again I've
got information they don't. I didn't bring it up. What
good would it do? We started off down the mountain.
Forest Primevat

Even in the early morning, the woods can be scary.
Ignore the fact that we just survived a plane crash and we
have no idea where we are. That I could deal with. It'd
be scary, sure, but you just walk in one direction. Simple.
But that's not what we're dealing with.

There's something here. Maybe it's the monster I saw.
Maybe it's something else. I don't know. But it knows we're
here. It's watching us, I'm sure of that. It's killed once.

There are all kinds of legends about the woods.
Bigfoot, Sasquatch, stuff like that. Maybe that's why
people cut down trees, just to prove to themselves that
there's nothing there. But then we feel bad about it and
people yell to leave the trees alone.

=


HUNTER: THE MOONSYRUCK

I was thinking out loud about that to Kim earlier,
just trying to get to know hera bit. She talked about how
the forest and the "natural world" was part of us all, and
maybe we'd made something mad by cutting down trees.

Maybe, yeah. Maybe we're afraid what'll happen if
we leave the woods standing, and afraid of what we'll see
if we cut them all down. I know what it's like to have a
flashlight and be afraid to turn it on.

We stopped in a clearing. I keep hearing water
running and there's this odd electricity in the air, like
before a storm. Nota cloud in the sky, though. May and
Desmond decided to look around for the water. We're all
thirsty. We're screwed if we dehydrate. Kim, last 1 saw
her, was wandering around looking for a place to pee.
Bai, Al and Penny are resting.

I have this really odd feeling that the forest knows
we're here. I don't know if that's my sight coming back
or if I'm just going crazy.

I hear May yelling to get going again. She needs to
watch her tone. She sounds like a drill sergeant. She'll
end up pissing someone off.

Cunen

1:30 PM. Haven't eaten since about this time yes-
terday. I am such a middle class white boy. I know there
are folks who go days without eating, and it must suck to
be them. I feel like hell.

Penny and Luke seem to be doing the best out of all
of us, as it happens. Bai's got this haunted look on her
face and winces with pain every couple of steps. I didn't
think she was hurt in the crash. Maybe I was wrong.
Desmond's limp is getting worse. | caught Al standing
ona fallen tree trunk looking down into a gulch. When
Icalled his name, he snapped back witha look on his face
like, "Oh, right, here | am." That lasted about two
minutes. Then he went all distant again. May's been
getting a little friendlier with Kim. They must have
found a common interest. I missed it, I suppose.

We don't want to stop here too long. Just a bath-
room break. Someone — Penny, I think — thought of
grabbing a couple of rolls of toilet paper from the plane
before we started walking. Gotta give her credit, she
thinks like a mom.

Tue Symeot

Bad ne tart from the beginning.

We reached aclearing anda tree with some symbols
carved into it. We got all excited because something had
been carved there. Carved means people, right? But we
had no idea what it was. We asked Bai to look at it. She
just shook her head and essentially said she didn't know.
That's when things got bad.

Kim grabbed her by the shoulder and started yelling.
Stufflike, "You know. You fucking know. It's Chinese or
something. You know what it means." Desmond pulled
her off Bai, yelling at Kim that the symbol could be

s all around. Le

Arabic or something. That we didn't have any way to
know. Well, that did it. Kim was screaming, "Don't
touch me, you fucking nigger," and stormed off into the
trees. Bai was crying. Desmond just stood there with a
look of rage like I'd never seen before. He was all set to
go off into the trees after Kim, but May stopped him and
went after Kim herself.

Meanwhile, I just stood there with my thumb up my
ass. I did, however, try to render the symbol with the
Paint program on my laptop.

That's pretty close to
what it looked like. You'd
have needed a pretty big
knife to carve it, | think.

From where I'm sitting, I
can hear Kim and May talking
about Desmond. Kim's still ranting
about how he grabbed her. May has
tactfully refrained from pointing out that
Kim did the same to Bai, in the interests
of not wasting too much more time. I can hear Luke crying.

That symbol bugs me. It's almost like some of "our"
symbols, but it isn't, or I think I'd recognize it. Or, hell,
maybe I wouldn't. I still can't use the sight. I don't know
if that's necessary for those symbols or not. Understand-
ing them kind of trips the same "instinct" that seeing does.
Ineed to go back and take a good long look at that symbol.
Nicureatt

I can't believe how much ground we covered since
I last wrote here. I said before that May sounds a bit like
a sergeant. I took a year of ROTC and no sergeant was
ever that tough.

She kept saying we need to get to more even ground
before dark. That's reasonable. It's kind hard to sleep
when the ground is at a 45 degree angle (okay, I'm
exaggerating). We must have covered miles, which
considering the terrain and the fact that we had to wait
for Penny is quite a bit.

We still don't know where we are and still have no
food. May suggested that maybe we should keep watch
tonight, just in case. Just in case of what? Nobody wanted
toask. I took first watch. Lets me catch up on my typing.

Too bad there's not much to report. My entire body
is aching and I'm still hungry. It's about 9:00 PM.

Morning

And God smiled upon the weary travelers! We all
woke up this morning to the sound of something crying
in pain. For a second I thought it was one of us, but we
were all accounted for. We followed the sound and
found a deer trapped under a fallen branch. Its back was
broken and it was barely alive. I think Kim actually said
something like, "Aw, poor thing," and we were all
agreeing before May suggested we cook it.

Good thing it was already dying, because I don't
know how we'd have talked Kim into it if the deer had
been able to walk. Desmond's the biggest of us, so he took
abranch and clubbed it once or twice. That wasall it took.
Buildinga fire wasa little tougher until somebody thought
to ask Kim for her lighter. Nobody had a knife, of course.
We'dall been onaplane, but Penny improvised well. She
had a plastic game board in her bag that, when snapped
in half, had an edge. (Luke wasn't happy about having his
game broken.) We had roasted venison on a stick for
breakfast, and then roasted a bunch more and wrapped it
up in our clothes (most of us had carry-on luggage). It'll
probably taste like shit, but it'll be edible, and we sure
can't lug the deer carcass with us.

You know, it's funny. Desmond didn't even say
grace. He just tore into that meat like it was the tastiest
thing he'd ever had. Of course, none of us had eaten in
almost 48 hours, so that's probably how we all felt. I
know I thought it tasted great. I've got a buddy who goes
deer hunting and he always raves about how great
venison is. I'll have to tell him he's right.

We're takinga few minutes to digest before we get going,
but everybody's in noticeably better spirits. Except maybe
me. | feel better physically, but I can't shake the feeling that
the forest is watching —and watched uskill and butcherthat
deer. Somehow, I think maybe it approves.

Tne Srecam

You wouldn't think crossing a stream would be such
a challenge. Now Bai's injured and we've wasted an-
other day. Let me see if I can get it all straight.

We left our "campground" after eating the deer this
morning at about 10:00 AM (spent most of the morning
skinning —orat least dismembering —and toasting the
meat). We kept moving downhill and came to a stream.
Notreally very big. About 10 feet wide and not too deep.
But very, very cold.

Desmond went first, because he's the tallest and
strongest. We figured, if the current was strong or
something, he'd tell us. He crossed with no problem.
May went next, still no sweat (although I will admit to
being more than a little interested when she crawled up
out of the cold water and turned to face us). Kim crossed,
bitching all the way about how cold it was. Penny
managed to get through, carrying Luke (who screamed
like crazy when his injured leg got wet). I almost had to
shove Al in to get him going, but once he was in the
water he kept moving. That left me and Bai.

I crossed, but I got smart. I took off my jeans, stuffed
them in my bag (around my computer) and waded through
barefoot, wearing boxer shorts. My balls receded to my
throat, but the water only came up to my navel. I held my
bag over my head so nothing got wet. That gave me dry
pants to put on when I reached the other side.

That left Bai. I was tugging on my jeans while she
was trying to move down the bank. She was the only one

CHAPTERI:LOST

wearing a skirt and it didn't help any. Her skirt got
caught on a tree root or something and tugged up. She
chose modesty over common sense, tried to pull it back
with both hands, lost her footing and fell in the water.
Desmond and May were all set to go charging in, but she
surfaced and started floundering toward shore. When
we pulled her out, we saw the problem.

Her right ankle was twisted and swollen. We've got
no way to tell if it's broken, but she can't walk on it. We
were all cold and shivering, anyway, so we decided to
camp there for the night. The ground was even, anyway.

I looked around for fish in the stream, but no luck.
No other obvious sources of food, either. I'm trying to
ration the venison I've got left. I also made sure | didn't
eat in front of the others. Call me crazy, but I don't want
other folks to know how much food I have left. Espe-
cially Desmond. He didn't have any carry-on luggage, so
Penny carried some for him and he's already eaten it.

Better join the group. It's 5:46 PM.

Susrecrs

Istill can't seem to see the monster, but I damn well
wish I could. I'm pretty sure it's either Kim or Desmond.
Not that I have any real evidence.

Kim: I have no idea where she was when Gerald was
killed. When I looked around the clearing before running
toward the scream, I saw Bai, Penny and Luke. | met Al
coming out of the woods and found May. When I came
back, I saw Desmond coming from the other direction,
but I didn't see Kim again until the next morning. That
isn't really evidence. She might have panicked and run.
But it certainly bears noting as far as I'm concerned.

Desmond: I guess he could have killed Gerald and
circled back around the campsite. Who knows what mon-
sterscando? Butwhatreally gotme thinking wassomething
he said to me earlier. We'd gotten Bai settled down and got
her foot elevated, and May, Desmond and I (far and away
the three coolest heads here) walked off to talk things over.
I suggested making Bai a crutch from a branch. May
thought maybe we could split up —leave Penny, Luke and
Bai here (probably Al, too) and have me, Kim, Desmond
and her press on, since we'd move faster that way. If] didn't
know that one of us was a monster, I'd have been all over
the idea. I didn't say that of course. I just reminded May of
what happened to Gerald and she conceded that we were
probably safer together.

Desmond appeared to be deep in thought. I wasn't
optimistic. | thought maybe he'd just throw another
Bible quote at us. What he finally said was, "If she was
a horse, we'd have to shoot her."

May and I were both pretty shocked. Desmond
seemed to realize what he'd said then, and started apolo-
gizingand even quoted the Bible again, but May and I just
gave each other this look like, "Oh, shit, he's a psycho."

Sol think it's either Kim or Desmond that killed Gerla

a


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

Trouste

Don't have very long to write. Kim thinks I caused the
plane crash — caught me wrting. Don't think she saw what
I wrote about her— hope not, anyway. Keptscraming about
how youcan't use computers on plane, and how should hav
told them about it. For whatever good it would have done.
Notlike I haveacell modem on this thing, even if] could get
a signal. May backed me up, thank god, because Desmond
didn'tsay anything and I don't think Penny or Al knew what
to think. About 7 last time I wrote, 9:02 PM now.

Secon Deart

Bai's dead. Luke is crying and Penny's trying to
comfort him. Everyone has kind of gone their separate
ways for the moment. We'll need to get moving soon,
but no one wants to be the one to say it.

Last night after the fight between Kim and I, everyone
managed to bed down. We kind of abandoned the idea of
keeping watch, because Kim wouldn't speak to anyone but
Penny (she's still pissed at Desmond from before, and now
won't talk to me or May). Everyone except May is leery of
me, and we're still worried about Desmond. I stayed up for
awhile, but then found a spot near the stream.

I woke up to splashing sounds. The moon was full, so I
could see well enough. Something was in the creek with Bai.
Whatever it was, it was standing on two legs and looked huge.
Ididn'tgetagood look, but! saw it bite down on Bai'sshoulder.

Iheard her gasp, butshe couldn't get enough breath to scream.
Tonly gota glimpse, but it looked like it was covered in fur and
stood maybe eight or nine feet tall (although since it was
standing in water, it might have been taller).

It bit her again, across the throat, and then started
charging downstream holding her body. It climbed out
of the stream on the opposite side and charged into the
underbrush on the same side of the creek as us.

[hate to admit it, but I was paralyzed. I was so scared,
I couldn't move. I wish I could explain the feeling. I've
been saying that the forest knows we're here. It was as if
that thing was the forest. I was completely frozen. Even
after it was out of sight, I just thought, "Please God, don't
let it come back for me."

I curled up on the ground and started shaking. The
whole time, I was thinking that I needed to get up and
wake the others, but I couldn't. When you're a kid, you
think that if any part of you is uncovered, the monsters
can get you. Kids are smarter than we give them credit
for. | kept thinking, if 1 move, it can get me.

I don't know how long I lay there. All 1 know is, I
heard someone moving, and then May's voice calling for
Bai. I got up and pretended I'd been sleeping. Everybody
woke up — that was around 3 AM, I guess — and started
searching. Desmond found what was left of her. Only
him, me, May and Kim got a look. We didn't let Penny
near, and Al was sick as soon as he got close to the body.

a AN wy

ss Wy


Her shoulder had been chewed up pretty badly and
her throat was torn out. Her legs had been ripped up. No
one wanted to turn her over to look for any other wounds.

We talked about what to do. Finally, we decided not
to bury her. No shovels. We covered her in brush and
leaves, and Desmond said a eulogy again. It was short
and choppy this time, like he wasn't sure what to say for
a Chinese woman. Or maybe he's just losing it. He kept
spitting, too, like he had a bad taste in his mouth.

We're getting moving soon. It's 8:43 AM.
Monsters

Break for lunch. Or at least a break. I'm not sure any
of us could eat even if we had food.

Kim and May started talking again, but Kim still
avoids me. I heard her say something about computers,
but May shut her up. Desmond's started muttering to
himself, mostly about needing a shave. It's true — his
beard's sprung out a lot since this all started.

I've been thinking about monsters. Mostly
werewolves. Are there such things? There'd have to be,
tight? If there's vampires and zombies, there should be
werewolves. It just makes sense. There's been legends
about them for God knows how long, and | remember
reading something on hunter-net about how other cul-
tures have legends about different things. Like the
Chinese don't have werewolves, but were-tigers or some-
thing. Wonder if Bai knew anything about that.

Okay, that was mean. Sorry.

Anyway, like I said before, I never read much off the
net. I thought folks there were nuts, and I still do, but
there had to be some accurate stuff on there, right?

It'sa full moon. So maybe one of us is a werewolf and
just can't help it. Both people that died were weak in
some way — Gerald was nuts and bleeding, and Bai was
too injured to run. Real wolves chase down weak and
sick animals, I think. That'd make sense.

But wouldn't a person look like a werewolf? I mean
be hairy or muscular or something? Desmond's muscu-
lar, and he's complaining about his hair. He's got a thing
for meat.

Let's forget the others for right now. What do I
know about werewolves? They change shape. Human to
wolf. But that thing in the stream looked more like a
bear, or at least it was the right size. So maybe it's a were-
bear? If people came up with were-tigers, why not bears?
Silver bullets? I don't have a gun, much less bullets,
much less anything at all made of silver. If that's really
the only way to hurt a werewolf, we're in trouble.

What if it's not a werewolf at all? The thing that I saw
back in Sacramento wasn't a werewolf. It was human,
more or less. It was a walking dead person, and I've
searched for references to zombies and walking dead on
hunter-netand found dozens of stories. But I never looked
for anything else. I don't know if a zombie could do this.

Anyway, that doesn't make sense. Whatever's kill-
ing us is at home here. We're wandering through its
territory like a flock of sheep, and it's picking us off one
by one. Is the monster among us the same one that's
killing us? Is there more than one, is one responding to
(or controlling) the other, or are they completely unre-
lated? Hell, maybe Gerald or Bai was the monster I saw.

A werewolf makes the most sense — animalistic, full
moon. But I haven't heard any howls. Don't they howl?

I'mso damned ignorant. I wish I had more to goon. All
I got that first time wasa re-arranged headline inamagazine
—"DO NOT FEAR FALSE STRENGH." At the time, |
didn't know what the hell to make of it, but I managed to
get the thing out of the building without a major incident.
Later on, the message made some sense. That zombie
looked meaner than hell, but it gave in pretty e:
Somehow, I don't think that's going to happen here.

It's 1:29 PM. We're about to start again.

Staucurer

I feel sick. I had to fight to hold down the little bit
of food I've had today. My hands are shaking. I think I'd
better wait before getting this down.

Hore Dasnen

We thought we were saved. We were headed down
the mountain and May suddenly perked up and said,
"Anybody smell gas?" We all sniffed and yeah, we
thought we did smell fumes. So we split up through the
woods and started looking. I found it first.

Thave no idea how to describe this. I know it sounds
impossible. There was a road — you could see where it
had been, but it was completely overgrown. It wasn't
paved, it was dirt, but there was so much brush growing
out of it that it couldn't have been used in years. And
yet, I found two jeeps. Both were smashed up, rusted and
fallen to pieces. But that wasn't what scared me.

There were people in the jeeps. Two each, adriver and
passenger. All dead. No way to tell how they died, but they
weren't skeletons. The time doesn't match up. Between
the overgrowth on the road and the condition of the
vehicles, it looked like everything had been there for years.
But the bodies were still decaying. You could see the holes
in what was left of their skin, like they had been chewed up.
Ifthe bodies have been here only long enough to decay that
much, why are the jeeps falling apart and why is the road
so overgrown? It's almost as if the forest is trying to reclaim
what people did to it.

I was going to try to
trace where the road goes, in
either direction, but then I
saw something that
stopped me. There was a
symbol scratched into the
hood of one of the jeeps. I
did my best to draw it here.


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

What's scares me most about this is that people have
been here before and it's like the forest has taken them,
too. There's no gear in the jeeps. Nothing we can use.
May and Kim showed up and saw me looking around
trying to keep my lunch in. May looked positively scared
out of her mind. It's the closest I've seen her come to
losing it. She was pacing and hyperventilating, and
tugged on mysleeve, telling me we had to get out of here.
Kim, though. I'm worried about her. More later. Got to
keep moving. 4:43 PM.

Suspicion

We've stopped for the night. Managed to get down
the mountain a ways, but the ground's still steep. Found
arock outcropping to sleep on. It's not comfortable, but
it'll do. Anyway, what I was thinking earlier about Kim.
She looked utterly calm as she looked over the cars and
the undergrowth. Like it wasn't surprising to her. And
the symbol — she actually nodded. I don't know if she's
just too dim to realize the implications, if she's trying to
look smart or if this is some eco-Nazi trip for her. But
then she got all mystical and said something like, "This
is what people get. They think the Goddess doesn't care
and doesn't act, and then this happens." Normally I'd
have argued, but when the evidence is right in front of
you like that.

I thought before that Kim might be the monster.
Now I'm almost sure of it. She wasn't around when we

Gy

\\b

f

found Gerald, and I have no idea what happened when
Bai died. She's had opportunities and she's sure as hell
unbalanced. I don't have any idea what she was doingon
that plane — maybe the forest sends her out to get
sacrifices. Shit, she seemed to recognize those jeeps.
How long has she been at this?

I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. 7:37 PM
now. I'm going to look around and see if can find
something to eat, but I've got more to get down here.
ConFronrarion

It's 1:32 AM. Don't know where Kim is. She went
running off after the fight. I'm rethinking my theory,

ec if Kim were the monster, I might well be dead.
my lip is killing me.

I left my computer unattended earlier to go find
food, but more importantly, | left it on. I'm officially an
idiot. Kim was watching me andas soon as] left, she read
the screen. Thank God she's not computer literate,
because she didn't figure how to delete anything, and
thank God I came back and found her when I did. I crept
up behind herand snatched the computer off her lap, but
she screamed at me and punched me in the mouth. All
I could do was back up and try to keep her away. If I
dropped the computer, she could have smashed it or
grabbed for it.

She was screaming at me. Stuff like, "You think I'm
a monster, you rich motherfucker? You think I killed

: < DS
ain re AEA

' ee Ni |
vpeae ae ms

Tm
oes

‘
vfar
ae


those people? You think I crashed the plane?" I kind of
lost track of everything she said, but it was mostly along
those lines. I hope she didn't read far enough back to
catch references to zombies or werewolves or anything
like that, because then she'd really think I was nuts. As
it was, May and Desmond showed up and pulled her
away from me, and she started into them, too. Finally
she just turned around and crashed into the woods.

I talked to May about it, but didn't exactly confess
everything. I said that I'd seen some things that weren't
normal, but I didn't want to get into it now because
things were scary enough. She agreed, and even apolo-
gized for losing it down by the jeeps. She said she got a
really bad vibe down there, like something was watching
us. I had to agree. I've had that feeling since day one.

Sleeping next to May tonight. She tosses and turns a
bit. She'snot concerned about the computer, so I'm not too
worried. I don't know where Kimran off to. None of us have
seen her since the fight. Al still hasn't said anything to
anybody. Desmond was throwing sticks at squirrels trying
to knock one down so we could eat it. No luck. Those of us
with bottles or containers refilled them when we crossed
the stream, so at least we have water. The insects were
worse at the stream, so we're all scratching.

Still can't "see," but I'm starting to feel more normal,
like maybe it's coming back. I always feel the most "keyed
in" to whatever the sight represents when I'm thinking
something through, when I'm on the right track. Maybe
I just need the right clue to turn myself back on.

Speaking of turning things on, I can't believe my
computer's batteries haven't gone dead yet. I paida little
extra for them, and made sure to charge them before
leaving Sacramento, but this is ridiculous. I'm not
complaining, but I can't explain it.

The moon's behind the clouds. It's completely dark.
I guess that's why I'm still typing. I know that if] turn off
the computer and try to sleep, I'll be in pitch darkness
listening to night sounds. And it'll be hard to turna light
on once it's all dark.

Does that make any sense? When I'm at home, if I
get up in the middle of the night, I try not to turn on any
lights. It's not about being blinded suddenly. I have bad
dreams most of the time, and I'm always afraid that if
turn ona light, there'll be something there. I never know
what, and I'm sure as hell not going to speculate now
that anything from my dreams or worse could be waiting.

That wouldn't be much like a predator, though,
waiting for a dramatic moment. The thing killing us
didn't. It grabbed the weakest of us and took them out
into the woods to kill them. Was it Kim? Did she wash
herself in the stream after killing Bai? Is she running
through the woods on four paws even now, waiting for
my light to go out?

I don't think sleep is in the cards tonight. But what

_ else is there to do? Walk in the woods?

Morning

Everyone accounted for this morning except Kim. |
guess she's gone off on her own. Luke actually asked
where she was, and before any of us could say anything,
Penny answered, "She's gone down the mountain, hon.
Maybe we'll see her later." Not what I would have said.
I don't know what I would have said.

Getting started was tricky. We actually had to back-
track to find a place to that wasn't too steep. We found
what looked like a path, probably adeer trail. | mentioned
that out loud, and Desmond said he hoped so. He had that
hungry, desperate look again. We'd better get out of this
soon, because I don't know how many more days of sanity
he has. He's not alone, really. | ate most of my remaining
meat this morning. Probably eat the rest tonight. We'd
better find something else soon.

We did get down to some more level ground and
found a clear spot. | looked up at the mountain and
couldn't even tell where our plane hit. I don't have a
compass or anything. I've got no idea how many miles
we've covered, but it can't have been too many. We'
had a lot of delays. I know one thing — I'm definitely
going to report those jeeps when I get back. I'm all for
conservation, but I want this forest to pay. 11:24 AM
right now. Rest break for Luke.

Twisrs

It's 1:51 PM. Still haven't seen Kim. I'm thinking
we won't see her again. The forest has her. I think it's
hungry, even during the day. But I've added another
suspect: Penny. She just screwed us and I can't think of
areason why, except that she's the monster. More later.
Gance ar Rescue

We took a break around 1:00. Luke was fussing and
the rest of us weren't real happy, either. Desmond, May
and I decided to walk into the woods and see if we could
find anything to eat. We got lucky. We split up for a
minute, and then May started yelling that she'd found
something. Another deer. This one wasn't dead, just
cornered against the mountainside. Pretty small, too —
not much more than a fawn. I'd be really sad about
killing it if 1 weren't starving.

Anyway, Desmond just walked right up, grabbed it by
the neck, and twisted until it fell over. That didn't do it
right away. He actually had to stomp on the poor thing's
head three or four times before it stopped moving. I never
saw anything die before, other than bugs. It wasn't the
deer's fault that this happened to us. May must have
guessed what I was thinking, because she touched my
shoulder and reminded me that deer are prey animals, so
we were just doing the same as other predators. That
didn't help much, but I took a good look at Desmond. I
don't know if it came from hunger or if he was just having
problems keeping his "predatory" side under control, but
he looked like he was enjoying himself.

a


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUGK

He picked up the carcass and headed back toward
where we left Penny, Luke and Al. And then we heard
the helicopter.

It flew right over where Penny was. We were yelling
and waving but were undera lot of brush. It never saw us.
Itjust headed straight down the mountainside. We came
into the clearing, and Penny was hiding under a tree,
covering Luke's ears. Al came into the clearing at the
same time as we did, holding a roll of toilet paper.

There were some pretty heated words. The worst
thing about it was, Penny was grasping at straws to hide
the truth. She gave us sme bullshit like she thought it
might be thunder, she thought it might be an avalanche
(she actually said that!). Shit like that. The truth was —
and she won't admit it — she knew what it was and hid
from it rather than even try to flag it down. Why? I can
think of only one answer: she's at home out here.

It makes sense, in a way. She protects her son like a
bear protects her cubs. Penny and Luke have probably
eaten less of the venison than anyone, but never seem
hungry. What if they had another source of food? Makes
me wonder where Kim is. I've got half a mind to grab
Penny's bag and search it, if 1 thought she wouldn't fight
me tooth and nail.

So what could we do? Desmond really got pissed. He
started yelling about Judas and Jezebel and stuff like that.
May walked off into the brush and started breaking
branches. I'm just numb. I can't believe she did that. In
my book, that makes her a monster even if she's not one.

Al walked off alone. Not wanting to leave Desmond
and Penny alone together, | didn't follow. But when he
came back, his face was streaked with tearstains. Appar-
ently, reality is getting through. Some of that distant
look has faded. He looks more "here" than he has. He
still doesn't talk, though.

We built a fire and cooked the meat, but it didn't
seem to taste as good somehow. I guess it was the
knowledge that we could have been in a hotel or
something by now. Penny and Luke ate away from the
rest of us. No one really feels like letting her get too close
right now. The real heartbreaker was listening to Luke
say, "Mom, why are we eating over here?" in a kid's
whisper. (The kind where a kid thinks he's being quiet
but you can hear him anywhere in the movie theater.)
1 feel bad for Luke. His Mom's got some kind of agenda
going on, and she obviously thinks she's acting in his
best interests. The scary thing is, maybe she is acting in
his best interests. Who knows how parent-child dynam-
ics work with monsters? But if she's not a monster, she
may just have doomed him and the rest of us.

At the moment, I'm sitting here chewing on an
especially tough piece of meat, trying to get my mind
around all this. The moon is bright above us. Not so
cloudy tonight, so I can see. I'm beginning to wonder if
that means someone else won't die tonight. I've set

myself up so that I can see everyone sleeping. Desmond's
lying near the fire, snoring. Al's not far away, leaning
against a tree. I don't know if he's asleep or not. Penny
and Luke are curled up together about 30 feet away from
me. Actually, I can't see May. Maybe I'll go and find her.
It's 10:49 PM.

Gonsotarion

I found May last night. She was wandering. We sat
down and talked a bit. I learned a little more about her.
She's an orphan — parents both died in a freak accident
(part of their house collapsed). She was 18 when it
happened, and went to live with her uncle in northern
California. She's had kind of an interesting life. It was
refreshing to talk to someone who's had an interesting
life when it doesn't involve monsters. It's not like I
haven't considered going hardcore and giving up school,
my friends and everything else. I have considered it. But
I keep thinking that when I "woke up," I managed to
save someone's life because I was in school, waiting in an
office like a regular guy. I used to think that people woke
up completely at random, and that the messages we get
are just our own minds giving us hints, like in dreams.
But maybe something — like the "Messengers" the folks
on the net talk about — really is choosing us.

So maybe they took my "gifts" away because I can't
help here? Or I'm not supposed to? None of this really
makes sense. I still can't see. May could sense | was
frustrated about something. She asked if it was her.
Weird question. She's actually very easy to get along
with. She said that sometimes she gives off a weird vibe
to people when she's nervous. I can see that. She's a
very intense person. But I don't feel uncomfortable
around her.

We talked for a couple of hours. She says she has
trouble sleeping, but that she was going to give it a try.
I thought maybe I should, too.

When I wandered back to where the rest of them
were sleeping, Penny and Luke were gone. They came
back into the clearing about a minute after I got there.
Wonder where the hell they were?

Sicns oF Lire

I think Kim is still alive, or was recently. Today,
while walking, we found some places in the brush that
had obviously been passed through by a large animal.
There were even footprints, but not very clear ones. It's
been pretty dry lately, like I mentioned. They looked
human, though.

The thing that worried me was that there were
prints surrounding the trail that "Kim" left, like some-
thing was following her. We followed the prints for a
while, but then they started curving back around and
headed up the mountainside, and we decided to keep
going down. If Kim is still alive, she'll have to find her
own way down or wait until we can send help, but we're
not going to endanger the group because she stormed off.


Of course, that doesn't make me feel any better, since
it was because of me and my suspicions that she left.

It's 12:30 PM. We've stopped for a quick lunch.
(Venison again?) We seem to be making progress. The
ground's getting more level, anyway. But I can't help
feeling that even though we're getting closer to civiliza-
tion, we're in more danger. The forest is deeper here.
Sunlight doesn't filter down as much, and there are few
natural paths. Every now and then something rustles in
the brush and you know it's a chipmunk, but what if it
isn't? And this is during the day!

Mone Symeots

Something is very wrong.

We founda stream. Much smaller than the last one.
More like acreek. Don't know where the water's coming
from. It should be a dry bed, given how dry the rest of the
woods are. But the forest is playing by its own rules now.
We're just trying to get out alive.

The scary thing was the footprints by the stream.
They were wolf prints, that's for sure. All over the place.
No way to tell how many. But they were all just there.
Notrails leading up, no wolf shit in the area (not that we
saw, anyway). Nothing. It was like this pack of wolves
appeared out of nowhere.

May said the word "werewolves" before I did, and that
makes me feel a little less crazy. She looked at the prints
and then up at the sky, as if expecting to see the moon in
the middle of the day. Penny and Luke were behind us a
ways. Al and Desmond had crossed already and were
movingahead. May whispered tome, "It's like werewolves.
Something attacking us on the full moon." I could only
nod. I felt my heart pounding. I was thinking, maybe she's
like me! But I think she just studies folklore or something.
The next thing she said was, "There's a legend about
werewolves, about how you can cure one if you can get

him to drink water from a wolf's print. Or maybe that's
how you become one. | don't know. It's been while."
Some of those prints did have water in them.

A small tree had fallen across the stream, right by
the footprints. There was another of those symbols
carved into the wood.

Looks like a rainbow over
water. I looked at it closely. I
don't think itor the others
were made with a knife.

I found little bits of hair
— coarse, like a do;
embedded in the wood. It wasn't

a human that made these marks. I don't think,
anyway. So what does that mean?

Maybe it means there's several monsters out here.
There may or may not still be a monster with us. If Kim
was the monster, she might be stalked by a bunch of
werewolves, or she could be leading them somehow.
The werewolves can apparently walk around without
leaving tracks. (Except near water? That might explain
why we didn't see any tracks up higher on the mountain
where it's so dry.) They don't seem to mind killing us,
but they apparently don't want to kill us all at once.
Maybe they just want the weak and helpless, like that
fawn. Which doesn't explain why Luke's still around. Of
course, Penny is protecting him.

Getting off track here. It's like these things have a
language. They're communicating with each other, and
they apparently don't like people very much. Maybe it's
like Kim said. Something about the Goddess protecting
the land. Maybe these creatures are just defending their
homes, just like we would against monsters.

It's 2:13 PM. My computer still thinks it has a
charged battery. We need to keep moving.



CHAPTER 2: KNOWING THE PREDATOR

And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of

the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the
earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.

— Genesis 9:2

Fear oF T oovH AND CLAW

Fear has been the one constant of my life since I
changed. I thought I knew fear before — losing my job
or my wife, or something happening to my kids. Some of
those fears I've confronted because they've come true.
Others I've managed to avoid. But one fear has ruled my
life for months and it's time I faced it or let it defeat me.

Yes, | know that sounds dramatic, but I'm writing
this in the knowledge that whoever reads it will take
over my work. If it's Manisha or Josh, thank you. I
sincerely hope I'll be around to see what you do with this
information. If I'm not, the very best of luck to you, and
take care. It seems that the hunt claims most of us in the
end, but I hope you're spared.

Months ago, I encountered a gathering of shape
shifters in rural Suffolk. I saw them, and the people that
consorted with them, reveling in the woods just outside
a village about 10 miles from the coast. You'll find a map
of the approximate location in this file. I'm ashamed to
say that I ran. I ran to my car and drove for as long as I
could — down the A12, round the M25 and home. I
locked myself away in the comfort of my house and hid
behind a computer, losing myself in useless debate on
hunter-net.

I've spent the last few months trying to make up for
the consequences of that decision. Like my friend Jake
— Bookworm, as some of you may know him — I took
time out to travel and help other hunters in the UK. My
own little group here is some testament to that success,
as is the group I was directed to in Manchester. I'm glad
my wife has yet to find out about the middle-aged
Scottish woman sharing the house with me. That would
certainly speed up the divorce proceedings. I don't want
her to divorce me, but I gave up my right to a life when
I let Ed kill another one of us.

Myrelationship with Kirsty is hardly asexual one. I'm
about 20 years too old and Kirsty is a very troubled young
woman. Being changed has done something to her
even more so than what happens to most of us. I'm not
going to abandon her, and she seems most calm when
she's with me, but she's still dangerous. Sometimes she
plays the good housewife, tidying up and occasionally
cooking dinner. Sometimes she sets the table for four
people. There's only the two of us here. When she goes
out, though, she kills the other side easily and without
guilt, as if our calling demands that someone dies.

Another hunter died because of me. I'm not going
to let Kirsty's problem kill her, no matter how scared |
am of her.


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

Fear. Fear of Kirsty. Fear of failure. Fear of the things
out there. Fear of the animals that prowl the country-
side. That's what this is about. When we deal with rots
and ghosts, there's a kind of simplicity to it. We know on
an instinctual level that people shouldn't come back
from the dead. There's something wrong with creatures
like that. They defy nature, or what we used to think of
as nature.

i Te edna a abkd fe De qth PS Ste.

material on shapechangars and most of its hare Sin fr from sure that
Bo doing the right thing by sending it to you, hut S dont see what other
Gave. Theres too much to deal with, and this threat isnt going
Une what) hee wisely, and dant throw your bie away. There arent

choice

away

enough of ws about to lose you and your fiends, to
Os maybe they just replace us as soon as we dia

Pohus

Prey Once More

Werewolves, though, they scare me in a different
way. They scare me in a way that my body feels, if that
makes sense. Like I should run from them if] want to live
asecond longer. Maybe like a mouse feels when a hawk
passes over it. People think they're safe in their nice
little houses, with supermarkets and central heating and
cushy jobs. We don't think the world is very dangerous.
Not like it was for our ancestors.

I was watching a show on BBCI last night. Some
pseudo-documentary about what life was like for hu-
mans when they were still pretty much monkeys. Life
was almost simple then. You had two big things to be
afraid of: being eaten or not having enough to eat. We
still feel the latter. That's why so many people are fat.
They eat as much as they can whenever they get the
chance, because ancient instincts tell them that they
have no way of knowing where their next meal will come
from, even if they live next door to a bloody supermar-
ket. But what if our fear of being eaten — our fear of
predators is still there? 1 know that sounds like a weak
excuse for my own cowardice, but that's not what I'm
getting at. Do we, and by "we" I mean hunters, focus on
the dead so much because we're afraid to confront the
things of nature that are out there?

Grr Lintrs

I've been doing some trawling through my own
hunter-net archive here, as well as some personal corre-
spondence. A few interesting things have come up.

1. The majority of reported encounters with
werewolves and other shape shifting things seem to have
taken place on the edges of cities or in the countryside.
That's interesting for a number of reasons. The relative

paucity of hunters who claim to be from rural areas might
explain why we've had so little word of the beasts. The
few of us in those areas simply might mean we don't
encounter them much. The worrying aspect of this is
that we have no idea of the things' numbers. They could
be rare, with only a handful in any country. Or they
could be much more common. We just don't know. The
sooner we find out the better, even if we don't like what
we discover.

2. The encounters that have been reported are notable
for exceptional violence, or some degree of communica-
tion. Unlike relationships like, say, the one Jake had with
a vampire, these creatures seem to be at least semi-open in
their dealings with us. When they're not simply trying to
kill us, that is. There's evidence of an exchange of informa-
tion and, often, warnings. That suggests to me that at least
some of the creatures are intelligent.

Perhaps we can classify them, much as someone
has done with the walking dead. Perhaps there are
intelligent, reasonable ones. Would they be planners
or leaders? If these things operate in groups, as I saw, it
stands to reason that some kind of leadership would be
necessary. Even natural wolves have their alpha males
and females. So what about the violent encounters,
then? Are communicative leaders prone to violence
under the proper circumstances, or are some "follow-
ers" prone to violence? Do some forgo leadership to
revel in being bloodthirsty?

Then there's another possibility. My own encoun-
ter, and several reports from hunter-net of people being
harassed by werewolves that actually wanted to breed.
They might suggest that there's a third class. Ones that
seek to reproduce, as anything in nature does, I suppose.
While not overtly monstrous, my "breeders" were cer-
tainly wrong, even if I was never able to pin down
exactly why. Perhaps their interaction with obvious
monsters was enough. Corruption by association.

It's also interesting to consider society's migration
toward cities over the centuries. | know the "accepted"
economic reasons: availability of work, the opportunity
to aggregate resources, economies of scale and all that.
But is there a more profound reason? Are we running
from something rather than to the city? Do we know,
even if it's not in our conscious minds, that there's
something out there that we need to escape? Something
that's feral and hungry? Something that makes us feel
like our ancestors did all those years ago?

If there are communities of these creatures, perhaps
they make their homes in the most sparsely populated
areas. No, that's the wrong way around. Perhaps these
areas stay or become sparsely populated because the
creatures choose to live there. If that's the case, we might
have a way of pinpointing where they are.

I think I need to sit down with Manisha and get
some maps out. If we can figure out where the least


populated areas in Britain are, we can trawl through
local newspaper archives for stories that might hint at
other things going on. It'sa longshot, but it's worth a try.

I'm notsure I want to get Kirsty involved in this yet.

Navure Versus Surernavure

From: stellal42

Are you an idiot, Paul? I like where you're going
with these ideas, but do you have any idea of the gaping
hole in your argument? Let's have a little quiz. What do
walking dead and werewolves have in common? That's
right they're both _super_natural (or space aliens, or the
collective evil of millions of years of human evolution or
some other such nonsense, but let's run with "supernatu-
ral" for now). They are not part of nature. They're
something above, far above it. Now, I freely admit that
I and the others have had very little experience with
them. If go more than 10 miles outside the M25 I get
homesick, but it seems to me that your argument breaks
down when you consider that.

Or maybe I'm talking out of my bottom.

Thanks for showing me this, anyway. You're not
thinking of heading back out to Suffolk are you? If you
do, take that psycho Scottish bitch. Sorry, | mean,
"Regards to Kirsty."

Yours,

Josh

CHAPTER 2: KNOWING THE PREDATOR

Breepinc Righrs

I'm not entirely sure I agree with Josh on this one.
Unlike many of the creatures we've reported, werewolves
actually seem to be living beings. Now, I don't have
conclusive proof of that, but I do have Forscherin's
account of meeting with what she described as a rat-
person. She claimed to have access to the corpse for
examination and found it to be anormal rat, as far as she
could tell. There was nothing to indicate that the corpse
had been dead for anything more than the few hours
since her friend killed it.

Certainly, the interaction I saw between the
werewolves and what appeared to be more-or-less normal
people in Suffolk was pretty natural. They looked to me
as if they were about to have marital relations. That
implies fairly normal breeding, as far as I know, but I'm no
expert in these things. I was really bad at biology atschool,
and that's more decades ago than I like to think about.

Still the idea that they have sex is frightening

enough on its own — that they may be able to breed. It's
troubled me since I stumbled on that group. Not only
does it imply that their numbers could be considerable,
it means they're natural beings in some way. I hesitate to
suggest the idea, but could they be the result of breeding
between humans and animals? Jokes about bestiality
aside, perhaps there's a fundamental reason why such


TER: THE MOONSTRUCK

acts are warned against in the same breath as witchcraft
in the Bible.

Ofcourse, I'm speculating on very little evidence —
again. I know that testing these theories means going
out into the field, and trying to confront or communi-
cate with some of these things. But I know that I'm not
halfway prepared. But if the research Manisha and I
have been doing the last few evenings offers anything
useful, I might have an approach. If Jake can do this, |
can. Afterall, he's just a kid. I'm a middle-aged man with
a whole lot more experience in the University of Life. I
can do this. If I can track down one of the breeders, they
might be easier to deal with than any of the others.

I need to do some research in the archives about
shapeshifters beyond just wolves. I'm sure I recall other
accounts like Forschrin's in some of the older files.
Huwantry

From: stellal42

Thanks for the update on your thinking, Paul. One
word: wizards. Thank you, and goodnight.

Josh

Syrance CHANGES

I'm not quite certain what Josh was trying to say
here. I did some research, though, and amongst a whole
load of other things I found some legends about transfor-
mation. Certainly Celtic lore has many tales of people
being turned into animals. That might have some rel-
evance to what we're dealing with here.

Certainly all the legendary sources seem to suggest
that, in some way, werewolves are related to humanity.
People are transformed into animals by various magical
ways. The "bite of a werewolf" legend seems to be a
recent one. Perhaps it got confused with the traditional
vampire myth — that the bite of a vampire would cause
you to rise as one after death.

So, what are they? Transformed humans of some
sort? If we accept that the walking dead seem to be some
sort of spirit that animates a corpse (even if that's hazy
conjecture), maybe werewolves are human or animal
bodies that have been possessed by some sort of spirit.
That might explain their obsession with the physical,
visceral world — having sex and eating.

But does that invalidate my breeding theory? Or do
the creatures born through their intercourse actually
accept these possessing spirits more easily? That might
explain the possibility of leaders — those whom spirits
control fully. Maybe other "lesser" creatures aren't as
capable of thought or communication, or don't have
enough control to accomplish those things.

Is there a wizard connection? There's certainly a
traditional link between magicians, demon summoning
and transformations. Perhaps magicians summon spirits
into bodies. If we could find some connection between

*log started*

[sos29] Thanks for coming, everyone.

[bookworm55] No problem. Sorry I've been out of
circulation fora while. Mystay in Chicago keptme very
busy, I guess. Too busy to spend much time on here.

{sos29] I'm glad you're here, though. You've done f
more work on compiling information on changers
than anyone.

*forscherin263 has joined UnityChat*

[bookworm55] I'm not sure that's true any
more, but I've been doing some catch-up of late,
and I guess we really don't know a lot more than we
did when I first did all that.

[forscherin263] Sorry I am late. I was confused
about time zones.

[profgeo160] hola!

[sos29] np forscherin

[stella142] 1 thought you Germans swore by
your punctuality?

[forscherin263] Yes, | will begin. I want to talk
about the mass of the beast. Where does it go? The
one I have been studying massed no more than a
normal rat, yet it was once bigger than me.

[stellal42] Umm, so what?

[forscherin263] That is not possible in the laws
of science. She does not allow that. The creatures
must not be under the laws we understand if we
accept what we see about them.

[stellal42] What's not to accept? The reports
we get are pretty consistent: fur, teeth, more muscle
than a weightlifter convention. |

[forscherin263] You should not joke, Stella.
Too many people have died facing these creatures.

[sos29] Behave, Stella.

[forscherin263] I _saw_a tall rat man. I found
adead rat. What if it was never more than a rat, and
I _saw_ it differently because of its danger?

[bookworm55] I don't understand. If it was
something like the werewolves some of us have
seen, how is it different?

[forscherin263] Why do you make the assump-
tion that they are similar things? |

[stellal42] Because they look the same and act
thesame. Ifit looks like a turd and smellslike aturd...

forscherin says. I think that perhaps a demon can
make a rat become a man or a man become a rat. It jf
is not the animal that it starts with that is the
problem, it is the demon inside. I do not believe
that the demon travels by bite, though, for 1 know f
a friends who was bitten by one of these things and
he is still a normal person, thank God.


man-beasts and magicians, we'd be a good step along the
road. I need to e-mail Jake.

And yet, I can't get away from the fact that this is all
guesswork. We're not really going to learn anything
until we get out there and actually watch some of these
things in action. Still, I'm not risking my life or anyone
else's until we have more to go on. I'm going to get
Manisha to check out some maps and newspaper ar-
chives while I push the research in other directions. I'll
hit the library after work and see what I can find in other
hunter lists.

Macic ano Savacery

From Bookworm55

Paul,

Your thoughts are pretty interesting, if scattered. I
haven't seen a lot on hunter-net or on my own to back
up what you're trying to say. I mean, it's all cool, but it's
really a lot of guesswork. Like you said, the only way to
tell is to try and actually contact some werewolves, but
are you sure you're ready for that? While I'm usually all
for trying to make some sort of contact with the other
side, 1 know the risks as well as anyone. Even now, I

man, hemor

Ne
ee

St Pabrich said to have turned Vatu, King of
} Wakes, esis aah again,

PY . Transmission
through bite. Fal os eating human
. Lycaon, King of Arcadia, Cafe by Sous
IN cess hage if oko Anachtath

Family of Antacus — one bo be
_—

‘against shot and steel, unless.
ee fi lie S Shibet Whew de Ifiede
fone

believe that the one I ran into could have killed me just
as easily as warn me off. These things are strong, and
I'm not sure you've really got anyone on your side who
could protect you, except for maybe that Scottish lady,
but she sounds like as much of a problem as a solution.
If youcan wait afew months, I might be able to get over
there to help out.

Your idea on different breeds of werewolf certainly
might hold some of the answers, but it's far from the only
possible explanation for how these things behave. | mean,
people are different based on where they live, right?
Maybe the same holds true for shapechangers. The differ-
ences we've seen in their behavior might be regional. The
reports from Warden, Forscherin and Lotus in Europe, for
example, seem to show especially violent creatures. It
might simply come down to personality.

I'm pretty uncertain about the warlock link. From
what Purple told me all those months ago, there was
nothing that made any link between the two. In fact,
everything I've learned since suggests to me that there
really isn't much of a link between any creatures, except
maybe antagonism.

Good luck. I have a gut feeling that if we understand
werewolves a little better we might stand a chance of
opening a dialogue with them. I often wonder if the
problems we've had with them have resulted from
hunters' own aggression.

Science anD LycanrHropss

Thad an interesting letter from a German poster this
morning. I'd decided to follow up on Jake's comments
about European werewolves, and corresponded with
Claudia. Much of the debate hasn't really pushed any
ideas forward, but some of her research is interesting,
and this most recent letter has really shifted my thoughts.

It appears that some of the attributes we've sus-
pected about werewolves might be explained
scientifically, if what she says is true. That raises some
questions about whether they're natural or supernatu-
ral. In fact, I think all this lends some credence to Jake's
one-time idea that werewolves are a separate species
from us, one that has lived alongside us for centuries.

From Forscherin263

Dear SoS29,

Thank you for your ideas. I have given them much
thought. We run into the old problems of trying to apply
our science to creatures which do not fit into the way we
view the world now. Let me give to you an example: you
talk of animals and humans breeding. Now, science tells
us that is not possible. Yet, we hear of babies born all over
the world who have scales, fur and other things on their
bodies. I can show you the reports if you wish to see them.

Science tells us that the babies suffered some form
of genetic damage or development oddity while in the
womb. This is a fallen world, as the Bible teaches us, so

a


HUNTER: THE MOONSYRUCK

all things fall a smaller or greater degree from God's
perfection. These problems create a baby with odd skin
conditions. The human mind, which is shocked by the
sight of a damaged baby, tries to comprehending it by
explaining the deformity to itself in terms of the closest
natural thing it can comprehend, like feathers and
scales. The baby actually just has deformed skin.

Science teaches us two things about lycanthropy,
as we call the state most people call being a werewolf.
The first is that it is a psychological condition. People
actually believe they are werewolves and use this as an
excuse within themselves for extreme violence. The
psychiatrists call this lycanthropy, so that is the proper
use of the word. There was a recent documented case
in Germany, where a young man invited a stranger to
have dinner with him. He turned on his guest and
savagely attacked him. When caught, he claimed him-
self to be a werewolf and was treated for psychiatric
illness. While some sufferers of this affliction believe
their bodies to be turning into those of wolves — often
in small parts like hands becoming claws — other
people cannot see what they could see. I am very
curious to know what one of us would see, if we were to
look at such an individual with our specials sight, and
am now trying to track down a patient I could find a
way of visiting. I shall let you know if I succeed.

The second thing that science teaches us is that
people in extreme stress can take on the appearance of
the traditional werewolf. This has been proved through
the studies of the feral children. These are children who
have for some reason been raised alone or by the animals
in the wild. There are cases in India that are of fame.
When they are found they often resemble the werewolf:
hair-covered, feral creatures. Science has shown that
this is because some humans, when seriously malnour-
ished and deprived of protection, will start to grow
excessive amounts of hair. This gives them the appear-
ance of the werewolf.

It would go some way to explain some of the legends
of the past. Here in Germany, we have many tales of the
werewolf, including drawings and others. In the past
centuries, it would be easy for people who lived outside
the villages to become cold and malnourished.

My problem is this: can these creatures who are
merely humans with problems be anything to do with
the werewolves we see? I do not see how, although your
ideas of different breeding groups of the werewolves is
an interesting one. I would like to discuss her more
with you. To be sure of your theory, I would like to
chance to talk to, or study a group in more close
positions. | have asked my boys to obtains the flesh
samples of any of the werewolves they encounter.
Could you do the same for me?

Thank you, Herr SoS.

Claudia

aa ~~

Wuere Now!

Claudia's thoughts, while interesting, have backed
me into a corner for a little while.

I think I need to leave this angle of attack for now
and try to approach the subject in a different way. I'm
going to spend a few weeks looking into other creatures
that have been reported to hunter-net, many of which
bear are startling resemblance to werewolves, except
being in animal forms. If the encounters are genuine,
they might support my library research about different
cultures having different shapeshifter myths. Maybe
Jake's right. Maybe there are regional variations.

I'm onawork visit to Manchester for the next week.
I'm going to spend some time with the group there. I've
downloaded the archives to the laptop and will try to get
some follow-up from people who have encountered
these things.

Tue Ovners

What do I have to show for a week's work? Not as
much as I would have liked. While the majority of the
encounters I've been able find concern werewolves, we
have a significant body of evidence to suggest that other
such creatures exist. I've looked for patterns among
them, but am not sure if I've found any.

Ar Sea

From Soyboy134

Thanks for bringing this up off-list, SoS.

I know it's been a long time, but I'm still sure I saw
what I saw. It looked like a shark with legs and arms. I
know that sounds ludicrous, but it wasn't at the time.
Sure, I sounded pretty brave when I wrote about it back
then, but I'm sure you remember all the macho bullshit
on the list back in the early days. We had no idea what
we were getting into and all wanted to sound tough.

1 was terrified and I'm still shitting myself at the
thought of it. | haven't been anywhere near a beach
since. I'm just too fucking scared that I'll see something
that I never want to see again. Sharks are part of life
down here. We know the risks and know how to react
when one is spotted. No biggie. Sharks are pretty simple
bastards. They go after blood and eat until they're done.
This thing, this was intelligent. That bastard knew I was
there, knew I was doing something to stop it getting near
its prey, and it fucking hated me for it. Shark attacks, and
I've seen one, are bad enough. Calculated shark attacks
just scare the hell out of me. There's no escape. You can
get to shore and the thingcan keep coming. If it can turn
into a human like you hear about other changers doing,
maybe it can hunt you down to your bloody home.

Once in a while, we hear stories of people being
found as nothing more than bloody chunks of meat in
their homes. We all assume that it's some human psycho,


a serial killer at work. What if it's these things coming
out of the sea to hunt us down? What if we're not safe in
our own homes?

You wonder why I don't post much anymore? I've
gota job to do. There are people I love and I'm going to
watch over them. One day that bastard is going to come
for me and mine and I need to be ready.

Frat AND FEUine

From profesorgeol160

Greetings my friend! It is too long since we wrote
each other. I like you have seen death stalk my friends,
and I understand why you feel sad. But we must go on, if
we are to understand the vitalis that flows through us all.

Sf, I remember my confrontation with the cat crea-
ture all those long months ago. But I have a surprise for
you, my friend! We have had other meetings with such
things in the months that have passed. I do not like to
think too much of them, for the cat things are difficult
to deal with. With the ghosts you can believe that what
you dealt with was once like us and might have thoughts
like us, sf? Well, it is not so with the jaguar people. I see
people with their pet cats and they think "ha, this cat is
my friend" and they think wrong. Their little friend isan
animal that likes to prey on other animals. They just
think we are bigger predators like its mother. This is why
they bring us the little gifts, sf?

Can you imagine a big cat toying with people like
our pets toy with little mice? This is how they think, my
friend. We humans are the little animals that they stalk
like a little cat stalks a mouse. I do not want to die at the
hands of these things. It seems that a mouse is in much
pain when it is the toy of the cat. | have talked with one
since and consider them to be dangerous. | tried to make
it see that I did not hate it, but it had no interest in me.
When I persisted in talking to it, it attacked me, just as
did the first one I encountered. Only the angel of God
protected me and I will not try to talk to it again.

I do not think that they are really part of the
natural world. I think that in some way a demon takes
the form of a man and uses the vitalis of the world to
mix its form with that of an animal. I cannot believe
that God would take the form of the human and make
it into something else, something like the beasts for
which he made man to rule. I must find a way to
persuade the demon to leave the man and see if the
animal leaves with it. | have seen one demon dead and
it did indeed take the form of the man, not the beast.
I fear | did nothing but kill the man and free the demon.
I want to free the man without his death.

I do not know how I will do this, for I fear that if I
confront another of the jaguar people, maybe the angel
of the Lord will not be able to save me.

I do not know if this is of much help to you my
friend, but I am glad to write it.

CHAPYER 2: Kt

Mone Evibence

From Ticket312

Yes, they're real. | met one on a trip recently. I'm
alive. No one else on the trip is. No, I don't want to talk
about it just yet, but I would like to see what you've
discovered. Anything that would make sense of what
happened would be good.

Please don't tell Jake about this.

Vermin

From Forscherin263

Thope that what I said before was as accurate as I can
be. Iam ascientist and when we write our papers, we put
in all the facts even if they do not seem to matter to us.
What I faced I think was a giant rat person. I was most
afraid. Part of me still wonders if I did not place my own
fears onto the thing I saw. We in science often have to
be cruel to animals for the better life of humans. I think
this is a good thing, but many peoples do not agree with
me. This I know.

I think we all fear to be treated as we treat animals
some times.

All my research has shown the corpse of the rat to
be little more than a normal rat. I finally sent a small
sample of her tissues for testing at a genetics center that
has the better equipment than us. While they found
some minor genetic abnormalities, it is not something
that radiation or a city existence could not explain.

If you want my opinion, Herr SoS, I think that these
creatures cannot be natural. God gave man (and woman!)
tulership of all the beasts. He would not make such
beasts that attack and hurt humans. So, they must be the
work of the Devil. The Devil can not make anything
new — he can only twist that which God makes and use
it for his ends. He take a man, which is God's work, and
the beast, which is God's work, and makes them to-
gether a parody of the Lord's creation.

Buthe has to work within some of God's laws, which
is why we see some things we would call natural in the
way that they behave. Do you see?

Conciusions

I have been flicking through the late Pariahdog's
accountof his meeting with what appears to be a fox shape
shifter of some kind in the Survival Guide page. It seems
to fit into the broad pattern of what I expected to find.
Creatures which take ona variety of shapes, some human,
some animal, some a mixture of the two. Behavior pat-
terns seem to vary a little. There seems to be a general
propensity toward violence, although the degree to which
that's the result of confrontational situations is an open
question. I'm sure if they were comparing notes on us,
we'd look pretty damn violent too.

Initially, 1 thought the evidence was building toward
Jake's idea that there are regional variations in the type of


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

shifters we see:sharks in Australia, bigcatsin South America,
big fox things in Asia. That certainly makes sense. If there is
a relationship between wolves and werewolves, then why
would werewolves be found where there are no wolves?
Other creatures would be better suited for the spirits to work
with. The imbuing seems to bea worldwide phenomenon, so
there's no reason to doubt that the monsters are, too.

There are problems with this argument, though.
For one, Claudia saw her rat thing in Germany, where
there are also many confirmed reports of werewolves,
so the situation must be more complex than I've made
it out to be. The other problem is that we really just
don't have enough evidence to work from. We've had
less than a dozen reported encounters with anything
other than werewolves in the history of hunter-net. I
mean, that's less than things like goblins, which seem
so rare that I'm inclined to believe they're actually
one of the other sorts of creatures we've encountered,
and that the people who have met them have just
misinterpreted what they saw.

In all fairness, I think this is a blind alley for the
time being. Unless something comes up that gives us
more information about these things, I'm better off
spending my time where we have the most evidence:
werewolves themselves.

Anovnse Tuzony

From Forscherin263

Herr SoS, I thought some more about our dis-
cussion. May I make another idea suggestion to you?
I think perhaps that what we see is not what is real.
Can I explain this? Well, I said to you that when
people see strange babies they make what they see to
be something they understand in their heads. Now,
maybe when the angels show us the monsters, we
make them into something we understand when we
look at them. We see an animal monster that walks
like a man and which makes us afraid. We try to
understand it but we cannot, so we make ourselves
see something we do understand. For many people
wolves are the most frightening animals, so they see
aman wolf.

I feel some guilt about the rats we kill, so I see a
man rat. Soyboy fears the sharks that swim in the sea,
so he sees a shark man. Maybe they are all the same
creatures. It is only the way that we see them that
changes. I do not think we can understand the
monsters yet. I think we have hidden their knowl-
edge inside our brains for too long. Why else can no
others see them? The angels lead us to an understand-
ing we can cope with. As we grow in our missions and
faith, they will give us more understanding.

Claudia

Viotencs AND SABOTAGE

From Manisha

Paul,

I've found something very interesting. This is kick-
ing stuff. Multiple locations around the UK fit the
parameters that we worked out. I've narrowed it down to
three major locations: the area of Suffolk you identified
for me, the area of Scotland north of the Ochils and
south of Perth, and an area of central Wales around 30
miles north of Swansea.

I've done a thorough search of the local newspapers
that keep archives online, and followed up with a
physical search in the British Library. Boy, that place is
stuffy. I can't find anything conclusive to be honest with
you, but there were some interesting trends.

Either the businesses in these places have the worst
maintenance staff in the country, or something odd is
going on. Almost all of them seem to suffer break-ins,
vandalism and perhaps even sabotage at a level that just
doesn't match local crime rates. Before you say anything,
I've checked. The problems rarely rate significant men-
tion in the papers, given the scale of some of the problems.
I'd have rated them as front-page news for some of the
local rags, but they're buried on pages four and five, after
the pictures of old farts planting trees and getting awards.

The Suffolk one seems to be the most obvious ex-
ample. There's nota lot of industry in the area. It's mainly
agricultural, and the population density is low. There's
some food-processing plants around, making processed
poultry. The sort of thing Mum would never let us eat as
kids. They've had a certain amount of trouble.

However, there's a much more sizable issue here: a
nuclear power station called Eastsea, on the coast in
Suffolk. Ithas two reactors, A & B. While the plantitself
doesn't seem to have suffered directly, at least three
lorries going to or from it have been involved in serious
road crashes. One actually traveled 500 metres off road
before going over a cliff — and it was two miles away
from the road it should have been on.

A few members of the staff have gone missing, and
others have been hurt in car crashes, fights outside pubs
and other incidents. The problems are scattered over a
number of years, which may be why no-one's picked up
on them before. If we're right, there's certainly some-
thing odd going on.

So, do you want to tell me why you think it might be
werewolves? All this seems very organized for animal
behavior. Why would they be making coordinated at-
tacks, and how? Surely they would suffer just as much as
we would if there was a serious accident in the plant. If
there was a leak, the wind coming in off the sea would
contaminate Ipswich, Colchester and Chelmsford. Un-
less the things are somehow immune to radiation, which


would certainly give them the upper hand. I'm also
surprised that the plant supervisors aren't yelling blue
murder over everything that's happened.

It's possible that something similar is happening in
the other areas I named. There's a series of refineries on
the south bank of the Forth, around a shithole called
Grangemouth. It seems to be spun out of the North Sea
oil industry. There's pipelines, and tankers come into
the place fairly regularly. There seems to have been a
disproportionate number of deaths, accidents and tem-
porary shut downs at some of the plants there.

The situation's the same in Wales. Moves to get
industry to invest in what's a pretty damn poor areaseem
to be thwarted repeatedly by large-scale industrial acci-
dents. A shopping centre development has been
repeatedly delayed after workmen have been injured.

Weneed to meet and talk this through. Are you free
on Friday? And could you bring Kirsty? I think she'll
have some interesting thoughts on the problem.

Idon'tsee anything in all of this to prove werewolves
are involved, but I think we need to take a look. Even if
it's rots, it needs sorting out.

Reacrions AND Horss

Manisha's right. There's nothing here that suggests
werewolves directly. But there seems to be something
happening. Could it really just be coincidence that one of

the centers of activity is more or less where I saw that
group of creatures? My belief is that it isn't. I think there's
alink here, and that if we can grasp what the connection
is between the power plant and the werewolves, we might
take a step towards understanding them.

Maing Poans

I want to get this down before I forget it. Kirsty had
the idea first. We got big maps of the areas in question —
Manisha brought them along to our meeting — and we
marked out each of the news stories she turned up. The
Scottish map didn't reveal much. The vast majority of the
supposed attacks were clustered along the river, with no
discernible pattern, bar the focus on those refineries. The
Swansea map was better. There was a distinct cluster of
incidents to the north of town, thinning to the south and
ending at the city itself. That implied, to Kirsty's mind
anyway, a group operating out of a base somewhere in the
hills to the north. She's the one with reservist training.
I'm going to have to take her word for it. Management
courses don't tend to help with military tactics, and I've
avoided management's wilderness survival bonding trips
for all I'm worth. Damn fool idea.

It was with the Suffolk map that we really hit
paydirt. Leaving aside the concentrations of incidents at
Eastsea, the other incidents formed a rough circle. In
Kirsty's guess, the werewolves are likely to be operating


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

Primat PRoPHsciss

I'm flying above the sea, with the sun above and
the wind in my hair. I bank and fly and cry with joy.
Then I turn back toward the shore and feel that I'm no

} longer alone. I can't see who's with me, but they're
H guiding me. On the shore, | see something shining in
the sun. As I fly closer, the air begins to chill. I shiver
and then see the darkness at the heart of the shining
thing. It reaches out for me, tries to claim me. The
othersare there, though, around meand protectingme.

Through the dark, I can see the manbeasts.
They're slashing away at the dark, trying to cut it to
tibbons. The more they slash, the bigger it becomes.
I'm afraid that the whole world will turn black.

And then one of the manbeasts looks at me
and I feel nothing but anger from it. The others are
sad, and I feel nothing but loss.

Typical. This is just as hard to make sense of as
the rest of Manisha's dreams, I wonder sometimes
if she's taken too many drugs and is hallucinating.

If this was a vision of some kind (maybe meant
for her?), it could imply that creatures are in some
way hostile to something on ashore. The question
is: Is this a reference to Suffolk, or Scotland or
someplace else entirely?

out of somewhere roughly in the middle of that circle,
which isa lightly populated area about 10 miles from the
coast. It was, in fact, about where I saw the things
gathered months ago. Manisha was still skeptical that
this had anything to do with shapechanger activity.
Kirsty didn't care. She just sees targets. | need to have
another talk with her once we get home.

I had to convince Manisha, so I sat down and came
clean to the pair of them about what happened all those
months ago. Seeing the werewolf. Looking for others.
Finding the man that was wrong in the pub. Following
him into the woods and seeing the group. Manisha was
understanding. Kirsty looked at me like something that
she'd scraped off her shoe.

We discussed it fora while, but we all knew what the
conclusion was going to be. We have to head out there
and find out what we can. I've contacted some of Kirsty's
old group in Scotland, and they're looking into the
Grangemouth situation. In the meantime, I need to
arrange some time off work and set up some hotels for us.

ReFineD Senses

From Angus:

Paul,

Hope this finds you well and that you're keeping
Kirsty under control. I haven't heard of any bombings or
mysterious deaths for a while, so | assume you're having
some success with her.

We drove past the plants you asked us to check at
Grangemouth. Most of them seem to be off one long
road on the outskirts of town. We went along at a fairly
normal speed. It looked pretty nasty even to normal
eyes. We took it in turns to focus on the security guards
with the sight. Most of the buildings were fine, but when
we got to the sales office of a division of Endron —
Endron Polyolefins —we struck gold. The wee fucker on
guard was as wrong as you please. We stopped and two of
us "argued" over the road map, while I got a good, long
look at him. I can't say for sure, but it's as if there's
something in him that shouldn't be there.

We're going back for another look in the wee, small
hours tomorrow. I'll get you the chat when I get back.

InDusrrint AcciDeny

From Angus:
What have you done? Pamela's dead. Stewart's
badly hurt, and I don't know if I can risk taking him to

From Forscherin263
Well, Herr SoS, we have news. I managed to get
| myself, after some effort, on a prisoner visit scheme.
I think the fact that I am a religious girl helped me
i} — too many people get rejected because they just
wish to mock the prisoners or have an unhealthy

} sexual interest in them. It did not surprise me to
learn that our werewolf friend has had no visitors
when I volunteered to visit him. Most people find

i} what he did too horrible.

| When I entered the room he was not very

} happy to talk. He was very withdrawn. His cheeks
were sunken and his eyes staring. He snapped "yes"
or"no" orsimply ignored me. | tried to tell him that

| God loves him and wants him to repent from his

i} sins so he may be saved, so that my cover — is that
the word? — was not broken. As I did this, I used
the sight on him.

Doyouknow what I saw? He might be a werewolf,
orso the angels told me. As I looked, I could see, but
only in a hazy way, the fur and the mouth and the
huge body. It came and disappeared like mist. But |
think that he does not know what he really is, that he
has only a sense of it. There was an innocence or

} naive side about him. If he truly knew what he was,
he would not be a prisoner. I could not imagine those
bars holding such a beast. Or he knows what he is and

i} seeks to be held a prisoner to not hurt anyone again.

| Iwill not tell my boys of this. They will want tofind }

H away tokill him, andI donot think that is safe forthem
in this place. We have been lucky so far, but attacking


hospital. I need help! Whatever the fuck they are in that
plant, they're way more than we can deal with.

From So$29:

Angus,

Get a car and head to Glasgow. Stop in the car park
nearest the Clyde at Braehead, the shopping centre on the
outskirts of the city. Flash your headlights three times.
Others will be there, watching foryou. They'll be able to help
Stewartand give yousomewhere to lie low. I'll be in contact.

Decisions

It's happening again. People are dying because of me.
Ican't rely on other people any more. It's not fair to them.

Everything's booked. We've got two different types
of accommodations set up, arranged through Liz in the
States to try and disguise the trail as much as possible.
Joshua's man Jason has got two cars that can't be traced
to me or him. I'd rather not know how he got them. It's
taken a substantial chunk out of my savings. I don't have
time to worry about that. I've got to figure out what our
findings mean and that means going back to Suffolk.

I've got Kirsty and Manisha to back me up and we're
not going to do anything rash. I'm cautious and me-
thodical. That's always been one of my strengths, so I'm
not going to lose sight of that now.

Angus and his team are safe in Glasgow. I need to
make up for Pame! leath.

Jake does this all the time. I can, too.

CHAPTER 2: KNOWING THE PREDATOR

ErcuT PropLe Diz In Fire

By Iona Rodger ;

Five tien and three women were killed
in a-house fire in Glasgow's Kélvinside
district late Sunday night. Investiga-
tors suspect arson may be the cause of
the blaze. The fire appears to have
started on the second floor and spread
rapidly to the upper floors.

Neighbours raised the alarm around
3am, and were evacuated as soon as the
fire brigade arrived. Firefighters battled
for thrée hours to control the blaze and
eventually extinguished it around 6.30am.

of the victims have been iden-

tified as James Munroe and his wife

Phyllida. Another was Angus Donal@son,

* a solicitor from Stirling. The® other

victims have yet to be identified.

"It was a particularly intense fire,
which looks as if it was started
deliberately," says Neil McKay, the
‘investigator in charge of the inquiry.
‘Police, are treating the deaths

a ‘suspicious and haye launched an

appeal for information,


)

2 NS

>

ae
» © ame. 2° Ee


CHAPTER 3:1 RAIL OF THE WOLF

I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps,
and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will I devour
them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them.

— Hosea 13:8

Email Program

Subject: |Begging Your Pardon in Advance |

To: |kayaker319@hunter-net .org fe) f°)

From: |drcarawlings@notmail.com

t
she MeSayes

Copied To:

—Original Message.
Sent: 15 July

Kayaker319:

I feel somewhat awkward writing this, but 1 don't know if there's any more appropriate venue to
make contact. I am a friend of a friend of a friend, if that make sense. A friend of mine was also an
acquaintance of your late associate Eric Wyatt. You have my sincere condolences on your loss.

However, I must admit that it's business that drives this letter. It was only recently that my friend
told me enough of the circumstances of Mr. Wyatt's death that I came to realize he and I were of the
same ambition, the same calling, if you take my meaning.

Upon being told of the circumstances surrounding the death of Mr. Wyatt, I could only assume that
all the members in his "circle" — Mr. Wyatt, Mr. McCulloch and you — were of a similar mind. It was
my friend who gave me your email address, upon my request. I think that if we meet to share information,
we can prevent a similar tragedy from occurring the next time you or I go wolf hunting.

Can we meet? | assure you I'm the farthest thing from an Internet stalker. | have a practice and my name
is in the phone book. You don't have to respond, but I hope you do. The fact that there are two of us in town
who have the potential to do something, to share and compare resources, is very encouraging.

Yours,

C. A. Rawlings


.

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

4 FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATIO
( SPECIAL AFFAIRS DEPARTMENT

Director Osbourne:

As | indicated in our recent conversation, our agents have encounte!
transcriptions were among a collection of microcassettes found in the office

To: Assistant Director Gerald Osbourne
From: Regional Director Marcus Questor

G. Osbourne

red a break in the Pisgah case. The enclosed
of one Charles Arthur Rawlings, a marriage

counselor in the western North Carolina area who has been missing, along with his wife, since January 11, two months

before the Pisgah incident. Forensic analysis provi

ded a link between Mr. Rawlings and the remains agents found at the

Pisgah site. The recordings have not only confirmed oursuspicions, but offeredsome new potential insights into the nature

of lycanthropes and a potential lead on one of

The nature of the two "free agents" who are the subjects of | these recordings
Although evidence suggests that both are delusional, their delusions appear to

the unsolved serial killer cases currently confounding the Bureau at large.

is unclear and may bear looking into.
be shared. I'm sure you'll agree that

this is too often an indication of something more extensive at work.

I will have a formal report for you by week's end. I it

Marcus Questor

[Tape 1 transcription notes: The first speaker, iden-
tified as Rawlings, isa mature male witha slight Southern
accent. Rawlings was 43 at the time of his disappearance.
The second speaker remains unidentified. She seems to
be a female in her 20s, with a faint Midwestern accent,
college-educated, profession unknown. Background noise
seems to indicate a quiet room with some muffled traffic
outside. Possibly Rawlings' office.]

[Recording begins]

Voice 1 [Rawlings]: There. We're recording now.

Voice 2 [Jane Doe]: Yeah, okay. Um. This feelsso weird.

Rawlings: Yes, that's what my patients usually say
the first time. [Laughs] This is, however, a very dramatic
change from recording the woes of an unhappy couple.

Doe: Yeah. It feels good. I wish more people who,
you know... knew... would leave permanent records.
Maybe you feel you don't have time to update everyone,
but it could make all the difference, right?

Rawlings: Exactly. So, you told me you've been
doing research rather than actual fieldwork since you...
became aware?

Doe: For the most part, yeah. I just keep having
these flashes, and they tell me not just that monsters are
teal, but that they've always been real. And I think to
myself, well, someone else must have known before
me... us. | mean, look at all the legends about vampires
and... and werewolves. Someone had to be doing this
kind of thing before us. Somebody had to be writing stuff
down or telling their kids or something. For all we know,
the answers we're looking for are in those stories, insome
books that didn't get burned or forgotten. And it... it's
got to be better than going out there ignorant.

look forward to your thoughts on these findings.

Rawlings: I agree completely. That's the same rea-
soning that drove my research. So I take it you didn't go
digging into occult books before?

Doe: Uh, no, not really. Back in college, I used to
have a roommate who did card readings. It was her way of
giving advice to her friends. She hung out with a few
people who would dance around bonfires or whatever the
hell they were doing. Sometimes | went with them to
shops, but I didn't really read the books they had there. It
was all "vision quests" and "sex rituals" — stupid crap. It
didn't seem real. It still doesn't... not like... the truth.

Rawlings: I see.

Doe: So... well, I guess you ought to know. When
everything changed, | was staring at, well, you know,
and the message that pounded in my head was, "They
can be understood." That message gave me a kind of...
well... itsure as hell wasn't inner peace. It was more like
a calm. When I looked in the eyes of the thing, I saw
something intelligent. It passed by and headed off the
road into the woods. I just about shit my pants.... Sorry.
I guess I shouldn't swear like that.

Rawlings: It's all right. I'm not editing this for
television or anything.

Doe: [Nervous laugh] Yeah. So, once I started to
figure out it wasn't just me that was different, that there
were other people out there, I started making contact.

Rawlings: Over the Internet?

Doe: Yeah. When you wrote me later, I felt kind of
weird that you weren't on the mailing list I was part of,
but you know, it wouldn't make sense that all of us were.

Rawlings: Of course not. It's not as if we can take
outa TV ad.

Doe: No kidding. So, anyway, I eventually hooked
up with a couple more guys. Good guys. Good men.

Rawlings: [Softly] And... they died.

Doe: Yeah.... 1 told them to try silver bullets. They
did... and the things killed them anyway. I only got
away because the things didn't see me somehow, same as
the first time. I swore I wasn't going to be unprepared the
next time it happened.

Rawlings: Because you knew there'd be anext time.

Doe: Yeah. Yeah, I did. Somehow I just I knew I was
infor good. So it was time to try understanding them, right?
I started out by going to the spiritual sections of bookstores.
It was just crap, you know? The only stuff I found on
shapechanging was all this shaman bullshit about finding
your animal and having visions and stuff like that. It just
made me want to scream. Like, if that's what these things
really are, | wouldn't have had two friends get torn apart.

Rawlings: Would you like to stop for a while?

Doe: [Angry] No. No, we're recording this so people
won't make the same mistakes, right? So... So after that
happened, I did something else. I looked online. I
looked around for all kinds of keywords: "lycanthropy,"
"werewolves," "wolfsbane." You name it. I did a search
on Amazon for some books.

I think I've got some ideas now.

Rawlings: I see.

Doe: Yeah. Sorry about that. What about you?
What got you reading more than the others seem to do?

Rawlings: Well, obviously I wasn't part of the, ah,
mailing list community that you were. It would have
made things much easier if I'd known! Once I came to the
realization that the... things I would eventually have to
take up arms against were so powerful and cunning, it
seemed like self-defense. I would have to know as much
as possible if] wanted to succeed. As you know, there isn't
much margin for error. That's how I started, and even
when I got my own assistance, there was no reason tostop.
I merely had to be more selective about the books.

Gerring Leads

Doe: Your own assistance? What do you mean?

Rawlings: Hmm. Where to start? Well, you see,
the first thing I did was start reading literature about,
ah, the unexplained. It was much like your own expe-
rience at first. Too many books about spiritual self-help
or cheap Halloween thrills. Not enough that seemed to
have any sort of, well, authenticity. I certainly wasn't
able to find anything that seemed written by anyone
who had actually been... contacted. So | decided to,
ah, try a larger library. More specifically, I've been
working on a book, a self-help book, for some time
now. | told my wife that I had hit a block, that I needed
to do more research to flesh out the final chapters. So,
I arranged for a vacation in New York. While she

CHAPYER3:7 RAIL OF THE WOLF

enjoyed the sights, I went to the libraries to do re-
search. Not the sort she expected, though.

Doe: Good thingshe didn't know about online ordering.

Rawlings: Yes, well... ] count myself fortunate that
she has yet to determine that computer literacy would
give her a new venue to use our credit cards.

Doe: Cute.

Rawlings: I'm sorry. I assure you that wasn't meant
to be a sexist comment.

Doe: Right, whatever. So you were looking in the
weirder stacks for something to prove you weren't crazy?

Rawlings: Yes. | also tried to find a few of the more...
esoteric bookstores, just in case. I checked volumes on
mental disorders, studies on angelic possession, even de-
monic possession. Somewhere along the way, I suppose |
was noticed. While I was in one of these bookstores, a
woman approached me. She seemed awfully familiar, and
I realized later that I'd seen her in the library, in the same
section I was in. She started a conversation about the books
Iwas considering. Then she said something to the effect of,
"There are better books than these for what you're looking
for." Then she handed me a notebook and left.

Doe: Holy shit. That's weird as hell. Did you, you
know... look at her?

Rawlings: I'm sorry?

Doe: You know....

Rawlings: Um, there wasn't really time to see if she
had any of the, ah, characteristics. | was taken somewhat
by surprise, and was still learning about myself as much
as anything. It took some reading and asking around
before I found out about the, ah, community.

Doe: And the notebook?

Rawlings: The notebook. ...Ithad lists of book titles,
authors, the names and addresses of bookstores. The more
Ichecked, the more books | found that... seemed to have
a common thread. Common lore about werewolves.
About all manner of beast-people from different places.
Jaguars, lions, hyenas, snakes, apes. I certainly don't
believe that all the information is genuine, or that even
afraction is. But even if 5% is true, it's still twice as much
as we've gotten from sharing experiences with others.

Doe: Did you see her again?

Rawlings: | never have. J asked the storeowner if she
was aregular customer. He said he didn't know the woman.

Doe: So... you think they gave you the book? Why?
How do you think they knew?

Rawlings: I think she was one of them, and to me that
meant the truth was in the notes she gave me. Maybe she
wanted me to know. I still had to learn everything for
myself, but it wasa start —a good one. It led me to feel truly
confident about my chances for the first time. I don't think
I'dhave found out half the things! did ifnot for herand that
book. It's led me to some truly... remarkable reading.

a


Tu Finsr Beasrs

Rawlings: The first thing you learn when you start
researching these... things... is that their legends go back
very far. They may have been with us forever. Our earliest
myths may have been werewolf myths. Depending on what
you want to classify as "werewolf" lore, that is. In Catal
Huyuk and other places, you see paintings of hunters
wearing animal skins — presumably to grant them the
senses and skills of their prey. It might have begun there.

Doe: "It?" You mean lycanthropy?

Rawlings: Yes. Whatever lycanthropy is—a disease or
an acquired trait, most likely. It may have had its beginnings
intheStone Age, when we livedsoclose tothe animals. That
may have been when the lines blurred. When I began my
research, I was astounded to find so many accounts of things
that might have been werewolves. Creatures with the traits
of both beasts and men are present in so many myths. Even
back in the time of the Sumerians, Gilgamesh paired with
the "wild man of the woods," Enkidu, a creature made out to
be as much animal as man. There are plenty of half-human,
half-beast entities in Egyptian and Greek myth, too. We get
the first recognizable werewolf story from the Greeks.

Doe: Lycaon.

Rawlings: Right. The king who tested Zeus' divin-
ity by offering human flesh as part of a tribute. The god
cursed Lycaon by turning him into a wolf. What most
people don't know is that Lycaon was king of the city-
state of Arcadia, and a number of Greek writers
throughout the age mention the "werewolves of Arcadia."
The Scythians also claimed thata neighboring tribe, the
Neuri, turned themselves into wolves at festivals.

Doe: That's... frightening. To think that those
stories might have been... genuine. I did some reading
on Rome — about how, you know, Romulus and Remus
were raised by a wolf.

Rawlings: I thought about that myself, but the Latin
word "meretrix" can mean she-wolf or prostitute. There
might have been a touch of confusion somewhere along the
line. Personally, I'm more inclined to believe that Rome's
founder and his brother were raised by a prostitute than a
werewolf. The she-wolf interpretation sounds more digni-
fied, which is why you'd expect the Romans to favor it. But
the prostitute has the ring of.... Well, itjust feels right to me.

Doe: I didn't know that. But it doesn't stop there.
This poet Virgil—

Rawlings: Yes, a quite famous one. [Laughs]

Doe: Um, yeah. Well, he talks about a man named
Moeris, a sorcerer who could turn into a wolf.

Rawlings: Yes... there are some interesting hints of
werewolf activity in the Roman Empire. Some of the
sources I have note instances of various men who could
transform into wolves through witchcraft. Others indi-
cate that Roman centurions might have found
werewolves living among the barbarian tribes they sub-
jugated, particularly in Germania and Scotland.

Doe: No shit? You have to let me see those books.
Rawlings: Now, really, they're not that impressive.
They're just a few bits of information I've found. It took
quite a lot of sifting and cross-checking to get that much.

Tue European Gonnscrions

Doe: Yeah, I guess. So, anyway, there's some stuff
from the Dark Ages. St. Patrick isn't just famous for
driving snakes out of Ireland. I found references to him
running into trouble when he was converting the locals.
A bunch of folks started howling like wolves to mock him
during his sermon. He cursed them to turn into wolves
every seven years. He did it again to this Welsh king....

Rawlings: Vereticus. To teach him humility.

Doe: Yeah. You're really making me feel ignorant,
you know.

Rawlings: Please don't. If it weren't for the leads I
was given, I'd have next to nothing.

Doe: Butatany rate, what I'm saying is that Europe's
full of werewolf stories. I thought I'd find a lot of stories
in Eastern Europe — you know, 'cause...

Rawlings: Transylvania? The Carpathians?

Doe: Yeah. But it's hard to find good books from
there, much less anything that could be real. On the other
hand, Ireland's full of werewolf stories, or at least "big
fucking scary dog" stories. Scotland and England have a
lot, too, although they're all countryside stories. No
werewolves of London, y'know? Just these big, black
animals that people see while they're walking at night,
and then later someone in the house dies or something.
There aren't any wolves on the islands any more, so I
figure there's got to be something there. Not that it does
us much good.

Rawlings: Well, it might do us some good if we
figure out how they came over here, and why.

Doe: If they can tur into people whenever they want,
then the how isn't hard to guess. Shit, those big liners used
to get all kinds of stowaways. They could have just slipped
aboard and eaten passengers whenever they got hungry.

Rawlings: Yes... there are a number of stories that
imply cannibalism.

Doe: It isn't cannibalism. Cannibalism is eating
your own kind. These things eat people. That's different.

Rawlings: Well, ah, the stories seem to imply that
the werewolf is human on some level.

Doe: Bullshit. Okay, there's this guy. Petersomething.
1500s. He got tried for being a werewolf and confessed
thanks to this wolfskin belt. He confessed to all the crimes
they charged him with. You know what they were?

Rawlings: Yes. Stubbe [spelling?] murdered men
that angered him. He raped women while in human
form, then murdered them in wolf form. He committed
incest with his sister. He sexually abused his own daugh-
ter, ultimately impregnating her. He killed and ate his
own son. He killed pregnant women and ate the fetuses.


He confessed to it all, and to using his gift to do it.
[Gently] | was appalled to read the story, just as you were.

Doe: [Long pause] And they... the authorities
killed his daughter and his lover, too. As accessories. My
God... I mean, when I think that that things we're
dealing with now might be like him....

Rawlings: So many people in history were accused
of being witches that they can'tall have been. Not every
human being tried for murder and cannibalism could
have been a werewolf. If Stubbe wasn't a werewolf, his
actions may not be typical of the race. Even if he was,
what he did may not have been typical, and we can take
heart that he was executed.

Doe: [Pause] Right. I'm.... Why don't you go ahead
for a while?

Rawlings: Of course. As long as we're on the subject
of Europe, we'd be foolish to omit France. There has to
be a strong concentration of them in France. That's
where you get some of the most common legends. Gilles
Garnier, in the late 1500s... I can'tremember the exact
date. Arrested on the grounds that he changed into a
wolf to kill and eat children, and freely confessed the
same. Jean Grenier, halfa century later. Also arrested for
eating children and taking the form of a wolf, and also
confessed as much.

Doe: Uh huh. And the Beast of Gevaudan. It tore
up the countryside for three years and was killed by a
hunter who... get this... killed it with bullets that

were made out of a silver chalice that had been
blessed by a priest.

Rawlings: The first mention of silver! And yet, itdidn't
start appearing until later werewolf legends. | imagine that
people attributed holy power with killing werewolves and
other demons, not silver. Silver didn't come into the lore
until a story from 1800s Canada about a horrible wolf that
was said to devour trappers and break their traps until shot
with asilver bullet. They said the wolf was the size of a bear
and as smart as a human. Old Fang, they called it.

Doe: So they could have been in Canada then.

Rawlings: I'd be almost sure of it. Werewolves
would appear to prosper in places of sparse human
settlement. Just enough people for them to find a place
in society — or for whatever ulterior motives they need
humans for — but enough open space to roam as wolves
if need be. Canada — North America — would suit
them nicely. I can see why a werewolf would move here
once it gained the ability to change shape.

Doe: But is it ever the other way around? What
about wolves being given the power to take human
shape? Because... that might explain why they act the
way they do. They're animals.

Rawlings: I wonder. Animals don't seem to respond
well to werewolves. Your late friend wasn't the first person
I've heard of to find that out. Dogs apparently go insane
with fear or hatred. They bark feverishly, but run if a


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

creature gets too close. Cats spit and flee. None of us has
ever gone after a werewolf on horseback, at least not to my
knowledge, but I imagine it would be a very bad idea.

Doe: Yeah... the two guys I went with; one of them
said he got the idea to use dogs to try and flush werewolves
out, like they do with birds. He says he thought he got
close to a trail once, but his dogs came out all messed up
and weren't any good for hunting after that. Afraid of
the woods, if you can believe it. What adumb bastard...

Rawlings: I'm sorry.

Doe: Yeah. I know. Thanks. Look, can we call it
here? I figure we've been over enough stuff for one day.
I... I still need to do some more research, you know?

Rawlings: Of course. Why don't I email you some of
the information out of the notebook I was given — some
of the more recent leads? Newspaper files should be easier
to find, with microfiche andall. I have some other reading
to catch up on, so I wouldn't be able to do it, anyway.

Doe: Yeah. Yeah, that'd be good.

Rawlings: All right. Thank you for meeting me...
ah, one moment.

[Recording ends]

Te Modern Wotr

[Tape 2 transcription notes: The same two speak-
ers on this tape. Background noise seems to indicate
the same location as before (Rawlings' office?).]

[Recording begins]

Rawlings: Good to see you again. How has your
research been going?

Doe: Good. Real good. Those names you got me,
they've been helping me turn up a lot of information.
Stuff I never would have guessed was out there, you
know? Stuff that I wouldn't have put together.

Rawlings: That's good to hear.

Doe: Okay, some of the leads went to Satanic cults
and ritual killings. It was... freaky stuff, but nothing that
really stood out as "werewolves," you know? Killings
with knives, not fangs and claws, things like that. I
didn't dig too deep into those. It looks like your mystery
friend wasn't able to get you only accurate stuff.

Rawlings: I'd expected as much. Many of the sources
are contradictory, after all.

Doe: Yeah. Some of the other stories were about
animal attacks in national parks. Mostly bears, but there
were a few about mountain lions, and a couple where
campers or hikers or whatever said they got attacked by
wolves, but Forestry officials denied it. In a couple of
reports, it sounded like the people weren't 100% sure
they were attacked by bears, but that's what the experts
said. There were a couple of articles about people who
just vanished. The searches turned up nothing.

Rawlings: Hmm. Interesting, but perhaps more
circumstantial evidence than anything.

a

Doe: Yeah, but that's not the good stuff. In Chicago,
in 1921, the bodies of some gangsters turned up all
tipped to pieces. They said at the time that rivals must
have set their dogs on them, to intimidate the other
gangs. But one witness later swore that one of the mob
enforcers was a werewolf keeping everyone in line.

In Lawton, Texas, in 1971, there were multiple
sightings over two nights of what people said was a
werewolf. People actually talked about a big hairy man.
Nobody was attacked or injured, though.

In Alaska, in 1990, a wolf hunter claimed to be
ambushed by a "hairy man" who beat him senseless, took
his shoes and clothes, and left him to walk home. He
swore off hunting wolves forever. There are a couple
other instances of wolf hunters turning up horribly
maimed, too. They said eco-terrorists were responsible.

In Chicago again, in 1993, there was an outbreak of
"gang violence" atanightclub, leaving several people dead.
There were multiple reports of "huge dogs" or "people in
wolf masks." Eventually, the papers posted retractions.

Rawlings: [Pause] Remarkable.

Doe: When you get out of the States, the stories get
more and more outrageous. I guess it's because our media is
more cynical and won''tprintthiskind ofstuff. Indiahashad
a bunch of actual werewolf sightings — no kidding. And
there's at least one thing I was able to verify. Apparently
wolves have been carrying off children there — so fre-
quently thatthe governmentoffers compensation tofamilies.
Sure, it could be loss of habitat driving animals to attack
people — but it's close enough that we can't rule out
werewolves. Some Brazilian newspapers have also reported
huge dogs or those "eco-terrorists" again attacking forestry
crews. There's. .. oh Jesus, do youmindif| stop forabit? The
more I talk about this, the more it sinks in.

Rawlings: No, no. Here, let me show you what I've
found. I haven't been able to uncover quite as much as
you, but here's something interesting. In 1995 ina small
town in upstate New York called St. Claire, a riot broke
out at a high-school dance. A witness later claimed that
the homecoming queen was "a witch who set wolves on
the crowd." That came on the heels of a rash of
kidnappings that attracted national attention. By any—

Doe: Hold on. Kidnappings?

Tne Vanisuing Ones

Rawlings: Yes. Children, most of them very young,
vanished out of locked homes. Presuming that werewolves
were responsible, it may be more evidence for the theory
that they practice some sort of pagan religion that might...
demand sacrifices. Or it may be a further argument that
they have a taste for human flesh. The abductions stopped
after the riot. Perhaps they were exposed and fled the area?

Doe: That sounds about right.

Rawlings: Pardon me?

Doe: Okay, this is something I came across. I tried
cross-referencing sightings of wolves or wild dogs with


kidnappings or disappearances, and I founda few cases. Not
many. I mean, ifitwere that obvious, everyone would know
about these things by now. We're talking 20 incidents over
20 years. But there was just enough to form a pattern. And
it was usually teenagers—kids in high school whoran away
or vanished into the blue, and someone saw some wild dogs
inthe area about thesame time. Once or twice the kid came
back, most of the time he didn't.

Rawlings: My God. Grubbholb.

Doe: Yeah. That wasone of the cases. Yourememberit?

Rawlings: Yes, indeed. I used to be one of the
Senator's constituents before I moved here. His grand-
daughter vanished from — from her coming-of-age
party, of all things — which was held on his country
estate. She disappeared after a number of disruptions
caused by a pack of... wolves. I had forgotten entirely.

Doe: You know my theory? I think this may mean
werewolves carry people off for... breeding. I mean,
most of these disappearances are young, healthy kids,
just becoming adults. Isn't that a bit... convenient? And
think how many more teenagers disappear every year....

Rawlings: That's a disturbing theory. But I don't
know if there's enough evidence for it. Wouldn't gene-
typing have been able to pinpoint a "beast gene," if that
were the case? If werewolves have been among us so
long, surely their blood would have spread among us to
the point where science would have discovered it by
now. These kidnappings could be for... food. Or sacri-
fices, or worse. If the power is granted through a pact
with... Satan... or something we know nothing about,
there are certainly other reasons that spring to mind.

Doe: [Pause] You mean Gilles de Rais.

Rawlings: Ah... yes. His story was... very much like
that of Stubbe. Sexual sadism that went beyond gratifica-
tion and into the realm of a... religion. There are many
other anecdotes of the sort, of ritual rape and murder
combined, but they aren't exactly easy to uncover.

Doe: They wouldn't be. Nobody likes to admit
things like that happen.

WotFskin

Rawlings: [Gently] I understand that it's a difficult
topic, but remember, we're here to try and understand.

Doe: Right. Sorry.

Rawlings: At any rate, I'm not sure I favor the
breeding theory. It's not something that appears in the
majority of books I've read.

Doe: Yeah, what did that notebook say? Infection?
I don't know if you ever saw An American Werewolf in
London, but that had the werewolf's bite passing on the
disease. Lycanthropy.

Rawlings: I've encountered some references to
transmission via bodily fluids, but they're in relatively
recent works. Maybe the idea of being spread by contact

has become more popular given what we now know
about disease. What I've read is still contradictory,
though. The scientific approach is, from what I can tell,
useless. A disease can't grant the ability to defy the laws
of physics. No virus can make a hundred pounds of bone
and muscle appear and disappear. If transmitted by
bodily fluids, that would make lycanthropy like an STD
— very easy to transmit. There would be just too many
werewolves as a result, and we can see that there aren't.
[Pause] Well, yes. There are too many werewolves.
What I mean to say is that they couldn't hide as easily.

Doe: So, itcould bea curse. Like in the St. Patrick story.

Rawlings: Possibly. There are numerous stories
that imply werewolves exist because someone, usually a
man of faith, cursed people to become beasts.

Doe: More like a curse for the people who live near
the wolf. | mean, come on. It's not like they can really
suffer all that much compared to the people they murder.

Rawlings: Yes... funny you should say that. I was
actually going to suggest that it might be a deliberate process.
Mostofthe classic werewolf myths are abouta person putting
on a wolf skin and undergoing the transformation as a
mystical rite. They offer theirsouls to Satan orsome other...

Doe: You believe that? I thought you were a churchgoer?

Rawlings [Quietly] More in name than anything
else, anymore. If there's one thing I've learned, it's that
no organized religion seems to tell you everything.

Doe: Yeah. I turned to the church awhile, butnow....
The church can't offer peace when you live like this.

Rawlings: Yes, well... the word "werewolf" was
often interchangeable with "witch," at least in a classic
sense. In many cases, it appeared that it was inconceiv-
able to the writer for it to work any other way. Everything
supernatural that happened is attributed to witchcraft.
There's one account I've found that...

Doe: That what?

Rawlings: Well, 1 wouldn't want you to get the
impression that I consider it particularly credible. There's
nothing I've found to back it up... nothing to disprove
it, either, but certainly no proof. It's an old account
written from the perspective of a scholar who... who
claimed to be a werewolf himself.

Doe: Yeah... it sounds kind of weird. I mean, why
would he write that down?

Rawlings: Well, it seemed he was quite proud of his
accomplishment. According to his story, it was quite a
feat to earn the pelt necessary to effect his transforma-
tion, and I suppose the sense of power and invulnerability
was intoxicating. Maybe he couldn't resist boasting.

Doe: Or he was making it up.

Rawlings: Well, yes. There are parts such as
Mephistopheles himself bowing to our werewolf scholar
and calling him "master." Not something you'd expect to
be genuine. Buthe goes into great detail about the rite to...

a =


HUNTER: THE MOONSYRUCK

sanctify was the term, I believe. The rite tosanctify the pelt,
and to fashion it intoa garment that caused the transforma-
tion. The writer seemed certain that it was the only way to
become awerewolf, and I must admit that it makes the most
sense. A deliberately acquired transformation.

Doe: Well, like you said, there isn't much proof. But
it's not like we have any better theories.

Rawlings: And doesn't the idea... make sense? Don't
werewolves act as though they revel in their power? It's
easy to see how someone might want to transform into a
werewolf... froma certain point of view. The motivation
is there. The idea of magic makes it possible.

Doe: [Pause. Cold tones.] The thing that killed my
friend was an animal. They don't seem like they have
human intelligence. Cunning maybe. I'll give them
that. But not human.

Rawlings: Ah... yes. I suppose I've been speculat-
ing. [Long pause] Perhaps the problem is that we've been
exchanging too much theory.

Doe: Do you mean...?

Rawlings: I think so. We have a sound foundation
of information here — theoretical material, at any rate.
I'll transcribe the rest of the contents of the notebook to
audio format and file it with these tapes. Then maybe we
should gather some more practical information. After
all, the creature that killed your friends is still out there.

Doe: [Pause] Yes it is.

[Recording ends]

Tut Mosr Danczrous Game

—Chatroom 3—

>>Welcome, Kayaker319!

>>There is currently one registered user in this room.

>>Battery275 has logged on.

Kayaker319: You're here, Battery?

Battery275: Hey there. Yeah, I'm here. You doing
all right tonight?

Kayaker319: Yeah. I just wish this chat room was
guaranteed secure. Call me paranoid.

Battery275: You think the enemy has an Internet
connection? I wish. Maybe they'd spend more of their
time downloading porn instead of killing people.

Kayaker319: Come on. I mean other people ran-
domly dropping in.

Battery275: And what? Anyone listening in is
going to think we're actually talking about killing real
monsters with real silver bullets? Don't sweat it, Kayaker.
Hey, do you really kayak?

Kayaker319: | used to. I do some raft guide work,
too. I haven't done much lately. It's the off-season, but
it's not like I'm going down river for pleasure anymore.

Battery275: I hear that. If] feel the need to escape,
I lock myself in my apartment and drink until I pass out.

aa ~


It's the only way I can stand not looking over my
shoulder all the time. So, how come you wanted to talk?
We haven't done this before.

Kayaker319: Well, it was kind of a no-brainer.
There aren't many people on the net who say they've
killed one shapechanger, much less three.

Battery275: Yeah, well, there aren't that many people
on the net who are so lucky. That's the only reason I'm still
here. I learneda few things, sure, but not all of it's good news.

Kayaker3 19: Good news or not, I need to hear it.
We're going on a wolf hunt. Anything you can tell me
to give us an edge?

Battery275: I don't know how to break it to you,
but you've picked just about the worst thing to go after.
You might have an easier time of it in the big city with
the things that supposedly turn up there.

Kayaker319: Can you help me or not?

Battery275: Don't get like that. I'm just trying to
look out for you.

Kayaker319: Don't do me any favors. I'm not ex-
actly in a metropolis here. There's miles of forest all
around that could be filled with these things, and some-
times they /do/ come to town. They've already killed two
people I know. God knows how many others. Don't tell
me to look for easier targets. | don't have a choice here.

Battery275: Okay, I'll tell you what I know — but
you're not going to like it.

Kayaker3 19: I'm sorry. I just really need information.

Garenine rhe Seen

Battery275: The first thing you need to know is
where they live. These things are dangerous enough
without us being ignorant or going in with the wrong
information. But then, we have no idea what's really
genuine and what's not about these things.

Ifyoudon'tknow whereachangersleeps, youbetterknow
where it eats. If it's gota favorite restaurant (don't laugh, some
do). If there'sa place where it hunts prey. Something like that.
If you don't know either, you better have a damn good reason
for hunting this thing, because wandering around on its turf,
hoping to get lucky will get you killed.

Kayaker319: Hold on. Why do you call them
"changers"? Why not "werewolves"?

Battery275: Because they aren't just wolves. Have
you read the stories about hyena-people in Africa, wererats
in cities, jaguar-monsters in the Amazon, intelligent mon-
keys in Asia? Well, from what I can tell, some or all of those
stories are true. You heard I've killed three of these things,
right?Onewasarat. Fought likeamotherfucker. Screeched
the whole time. It tried to strangle me with its fucking tail.
I nearly lost an eye. If | hadn't been wearing a bracelet, I'd
be dead. I was flailing all overand my bracelet hit the thing.
It screamed and loosened its grip. That was my chance.

So yeah, "changers."

CHAPTER 3:7 RAIL OF THE WOLF

A Brit I talk with uses the word "zoanthrope." He
says "lycanthrope" only means wolf. No matter what you
call them, they're always predators. Always mammals. I
heard about scorpions down in Arizona once, but that
sounded like someone making excuses for coming back
scared and empty handed.

Kayaker3 19: Whatwas it about your bracelet? Silver?

Battery275: Yeah. Get yourself some. Those West-
em stores where you can get gems and dream catchers and
shitare great. Youcan usually find silver jewelry to go with
turquoise belt buckles and string ties and all that crap.
Even a little bit, plated or whatever, ought to burn them
like fire. Get a necklace and it might keep them from
grabbing you by the neck. Heavy bracelets are good. Be
careful, though. If you wear too much, you might tip them
off that you're ready for them. But you don't want it under
your clothes when you make your move, either. It's got to
be skin-to-silver contact. Nothing else works.

Kayaker319: Okay, got it. How bad does it hurt
them? Can I kill one by pressing silver against it?

Battery275: You better hope it doesn't come to that.
I don't know if you've ever tried to give a big dog a bath,
but animals fight hard when they sense they're in danger.
All out of proportion to their size. They use everything
they've got. That's how a 60-pound dog can outmuscle a
person three times its weight. Changers are the same way,
only they're bigger than any dog, and lethal. You push
some silver up against a changer, it's gonna fight like shit
to get away, or it's going to fuck you up. Don't try it unless
you've got one pinned under a bus or something. Even
then, it isn't a good idea unless you have other options.

All that said, silver might kill one of them. I haven't
seen itdone, but I've got no reason to believe it wouldn't.
Silver is more like an ace in the hole.

More important, though, is tracking them down.
That's the real hard part. If you were going after one of the
city changers, it might be different. You'd have alot better
chance of spotting its territory without drawing too much
attention to yourself. But cross-country? No good.

Look for places where there are few people. No major
parks, logging sites or ski resorts. Doesn't matter if there are
real wolves in the area or not. I don't think that means shit
to them, maybe any more than vampires care about living
in places where there are lots of bats. Look fora place where
no one will hear if you scream. Or maybe someplace with
ahistory of bad accidents. They might not be so accidental.

Kayaker3 19: Arranging accidents? You mean they
might kill people without attacking them?

Battery275: These things can turn into people.
That means they have human intelligence. Wolf at-
tacks make it into the papers and mean hunting parties
are sent into woods. It's a lot easier for all concerned if
people just "vanish," or if they meet with "accidents." I
mean, wouldn't you try to cover your tracks?

a


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

Kayaker319: I guess.

Battery275: | would.

So, pick yourself a likely stretch of forest or swamp or
whatever. Some place where the nearest town has one gas
station that doubles as a grocery store, and the roads are
unpaved. Try staking out the general store. These things
live like humans, so they might have to come down for
supplies every now and then. Even if they eat meat and
nothing but, they may have to come down for clothes or
tools. I can't imagine they go to the malls for that.

Kayaker3 19: Okay. I'm in the kind of country for
that. I know a few places.

Battery275: Okay, but there's talking to the locals, too.
If you do, be sure to check them out real hard first. Maybe
someone's been bit buthas never turned, and is in with them.

Kayaker319: What do you mean?

Battery275: I've seen a couple of people who looked
kind of strange. Somehow, I don't think they were chang-
ers, but they had that kind of wild look to them. Like they
were related or something. If you find someone like that,
there's another potential stakeout. They might know
something. Maybe they know a thing or two about a real
changer that no other locals would. The way I figure it,
that's because they're halfway down the road to howling
atthe moon themselves. If they look funny, but they don't
look like wolves, that says "carrier" to me. Somebody
who's got the disease, been infected, but hasn't changed.
So they start thinking more and more like changers do,
and then they finally make the change. Some of the other
folks who've seen changers have talked about them
having allies, people who look wrong, too. Watch out for
them. They might lead you to a changer, but aren't
necessarily on yourside. Sooner or later, they might be the
ones hunting on all fours.

Kayaker319: Thanks. It's good to hear some con-
crete information for once.

Battery275: I'm not done. Don't use dogs to flush a
changer out. Dogs don't like changers. They can smell
that something's wrong with them. That means they
don't usually want to follow a trail. Take them to where
they can smell a dog that's 10 times their size and they're
going to head for home. They might be braver if the
changer's on their territory, but taking them onto a
changer's turf makes them real scared. Trust me. I tried it.

Kayaker319: I know about dogs, too. I might try to
find some deer hunters and talk to them. They don't really
consider it trespassing around here if you're hunting.
They might have seen something. The locals don't really
care much for newcomers like me, but it's worth a try.

Battery275: Good call. They might even know
where to go for ammunition. You probably aren't a
gunsmith, but plenty of folks sell silver bullets as kind of
aconversation piece. You can get a few without attract-
ingtoomuchattention. Maybe even froma five-and-dime

kind of operation. But order a bunch of them and you're
going to freak someone out.

Kayaker3 19: I've got some sources online. All they
know me by is a credit card number.

Battery275: Good. Get yourself some pepper spray,
too. Changersare animalsand probably have sensitive noses.
You could really fuck them up with a spray in the face.

Kayaker3 19: Have you ever used it?

Battery275: No. If it's a choice between experi-
menting with pepper spray and using a silver bullet, I'll
use the bullet. So this is just theory, okay? Last-ditch
desperation stuff.

Kayaker3 19: Okay.

Battery275: Fire might work the same way. Noth-
ing in nature stays calm around fire. | assume that
changers are part natural, anyway. I heard a story about
one in a burning building, panicking to escape. I don't
know if fire will actually kill them any easier, though. So
like I said, don't rely on it. Just hope that a big fire will
stop it from thinking with the human side of its brain.

Andhere'sthe most important thing: If you find out that
there are at least two changers sharing territory, get the fuck
out. If they aren't killing each other over who gets to hump
the prettiest bitch, they're probably related, and maybe have
awhole pack. Notall changers travel in packs, but ! wouldn't
want to go up against a pack if I had 20 buddies armed with
silver buckshot. You find one of their /nests/, like
Sixofswords29 did, and you're done if they catch your scent.

Kayaker3 19: Nests? How many are in a nest?

Battery275: Fuck if know. Ten? Twenty? Just play
it safe if you know there's more than one. Walk away. It
sounds shitty, but at least you live, maybe to find one
alone another day.

Anything more you need to know?

Kayaker319: Not that | know of. We may be
fucked. I don't know where our target sleeps or where it
eats. Just that it's out there somewhere. My partner is
doing his best to find out the details. We've got a shot.
He's got a real eye for seeing things. Patterns, you know?

Battery275: Don't know the man, but we have to
trust that he was chosen for a reason, just like us.

Kayaker319: Yeah, I hope so. Thanks.

Tue Wott Hunr

[Tape 3 transcription notes: This is the last of the
Rawlings/Doe tapes. Rawlings alludes to our Jane Doe
making a similar recording from her perspective of the
activities performed, but she apparently didn't store
her tapes with his. Hers is unavailable. In addition, her
voice is muffled and often unclear throughout this
recording, likely due to distance, so we cannot match
her voice to the voice on previous tapes with 100%
accuracy. Background noise is largely identifiable as a


mix of crickets and frogs, indicating an outdoor envi-
ronment at night.]

[Recording begins]

Rawlings: Excuse me, I'm a little nervous. My part-
nerand | are about to put the theoretical knowledge we've
assembled into use, by means of... a practical hunt.

Doe: God, this [is so fucked-up'].

Rawlings: By virtue of... by virtue of observations and
the help of an acquaintance, we have managed to locate
the territory of a solitary werewolf, one that we suspect of
having made kills in the area before. The subject is a male
and lives alone in a mountain cabin under a human alias.
Iteats its lunch ata local gas station, where we were able to
observe it carefully. It, ah, it has a weakness for alcohol, a
failing first detected by my partner, and later verified by the
proprietor of the local package store.

Doe: [Incomprehensible]

Rawlings: Both... my partner and I have pocket
tape recorders, which we will leave running. We hope
no detail will be omitted. [Coughs] Are you ready?

Doe: Yeah.

Rawlings: Very well. Ah, I have ascertained that
the werewolf drank heavily before dinner... and passed
into a stupor. He may be awake again, now that we're
well into the night, but the alcohol may slow him
sufficiently for... our purposes.

Doe: You're sure about this?

Rawlings: There are no guarantees, of course. But
1 am as certain as | can be.

Doe: That better be good enough.

[Several minutes pass without dialogue. The back-
ground noise is consistent with two people walking an
unpaved road at night, which is in turn consistent with
the details of the attached case file.]

Doe: [Muffled whisper] The [light's on?].

Rawlings: [Also whisper] He passed out before
going to bed, but we shouldn't take chances. You take
the window. I'll go in through the front.

Doe: [Whisper] I don't know if I can do this.

Rawlings: [Whisper] Yes, you can. You have to. This
thing murdered your friends. You don't know how many
others it's killed. You have to do this. Right? [Pause] Right?

Doe: [Whisper] Right.

[Dialogue stops for a few more minutes. More
background noise of footsteps, with more time be-
tween each. Then a click and thud. Presumably a door
being thrown open.

Unknown Voice: [Garbled] [What the?]

Doe: [Shouting] Look out, he—

Unknown Voice: What's [going on?] Get that gun
out of my—

[Deep animal growl]

CHAPYER3:T RAIL OF THE WOLF

Doe: Wait! Look, we— No, don't—

[Six gunshots. The sound indicates a large-
caliber revolver. A heavy crash. Almost certainly a
body falling.]

Rawlings: [Breathing rapidly and heavily.] We did
it! He's dead!

Doe: Jesus. You... he's dead? How do you know?
You never said you'd done this before.

Rawlings: What? I haven't.

Doe: But how do you—?

Rawlings: Look, we don't have time for this right
now. We should leave.

Doe: [Pause] All right.

Rawlings: I need to clean up first. We can't leave
any evidence behind. You go. We can't be seen together.
I'll get in touch when I get back.

Doe: Uh... okay.

[The cabin door closes.]

Rawlings: Well then. It's just you and me.

[Recording ends]

Bony Founp MurILaTED

The body of Donald Gahagan, 32, was found
in his cabin yesterday morning by neighbors.
No cameras were allowed near the
scene. Sheriff Cody Goforth, the officer ~
-in charge of the case, reported that the
body had been mutilated, but declined to
release further details about the cause
of death. "All we can tell you is that the
victim' was dead for quite some time
before being found, and that the body was
cut up pretty bad," Sheriff. Goforth
stated. *We™ have no reason to believe
that there wild be further attacks,"
Gahagan was unmarried and did not live
with any family. Neighbor Sam Ogle, whose
wife Debra discovered the body, said he
could think of no reason why anyone would
commit such an act against Gahagan.
"[Debra] went up the road to his place to
ask if she could have some old newspapers.
She came back white a8 a sheet, " Ogle said.
"She said, ‘Somebody's cut ‘up Donnie,' and
then passed out right in front of me." Mrs.
- Ogle.was unavailable" for Re
"We didn't cali ai eed papier nin
‘in church," Ogle said, "but he was a decent
neighbor. I pray that he rests in peace."

er a



Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death.

— Exodus 22:19

Biood

It's about 4:30 PM. We've stopped, maybe for the
day. Maybe for good. I had to wash the blood off my hands
before writing this. They're still shaking from the cold.

Kin

We found Kim about a half-hour after I stopped
typing the last time (making it about 2:45 or so). She had
crawled into a hollow log. The only reason we found her
was because Desmond saw the blood trail and thought it
might be from something to eat. But when we looked into
the log, there was Kim.

Isent Desmond to take Penny and Luke away. Al went
with them. May stayed with me and we broke the rotted log
away enough to see her face. She was still alive. She had
blood trickling from her mouth and she was pale, but still
alive. We pulled her out of the log and set her on the
ground. We knew right then she wasn't going to make it.

She had only one wound, not like Bai who was tom.
apart. Kim was disemboweled. Something cut her across
the stomach and it looked like she crawled into the log,
holding herself together. She was covered in blood and her
face was dotted with insect bites. When we got her out, she
regained consciousness enough to tell us what happened.

Arack

She said that after she left, she found a place to sleep
thatjust "felt right." She couldn't explain what that meant,
and I didn't ask. This is hard to say. She was that close to
going. She could have meant it was justa comfortable place
tolie down. May was trying to put Kim's insides back where
they belonged. I couldn't look, so I focused on Kim's eyes.
Ican't believe she stayed conscious as long as she did. She's
a hell of a lot stronger than I thought.

Kim said that in the morning, there were paw prints
around her. She was scared, but didn't know why the
wolves didn't attack her. She decided to try and catch up
with us, but by that time we'd moved on. That's when we
backtracked, so she didn't find us. It was mostly because
of Penny and Luke. We were afraid to take them straight
down where the slope was too steep. But for Kim, just
one woman, it wasn't so hard. So, she left the area later
than we did but made much better time (which | guess
is why we found her footprints later).

She made it to the stream before we did. She saw the
symbol, too, but didn't know what it meant. She didn't
know what any of them meant. I think she wanted to
know, and made up ideas that suited her, but really didn't
know. Maybe that was her way of coping with what was
happening. And then she said the wolves appeared.

a =


co

HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

I was right about something. They didn't leave
tracks. She said four big wolves just came out of no-
where. She turned to run and something else was behind
her. She said it stood on two legs. What could stand on
two legs and get along with wolves?

She tried to say more after that, but I couldn't
understand her. I guess they tore her up and left her for
dead. She was still alive and crawled into the log.

I can't say for sure, but I'd guess that it all happened
not long before we got there. The blood still looked
fresh. That gives me a feeling I don't even want to think
about. Would they have killed us all?

1 apologized to Kim for scaring her, but I think she
was already dead. Her eyes just stared into the sky. I
closed them. If you're reading this, pray you never have
to close another person's eyes forever.

Corine

It took some time to be able to think again. We
covered Kim up the same way we did Bai. I wanted to
bury her. I actually started digging, but May pointed out
that it would just wear us out. So we gathered around
her, like before. Desmond didn't say the eulogy this
time. | did. I think Kim might have been offended to
have Desmond do it. It was hard to know what to say.
Basically, | said she was strong and it was a tragedy to
have something like this happen. I also said I wished I'd
known her better, and I realized I meant it.

May and I sat together for a long time. She leaned
over to me and I put my arm around her. I don't think she
knew I was crying until I wiped my nose. I guess several
days of shock caught up with me. Maybe it was just that
I hadn't touched another person since before I left
Sacramento, and that was to give my mom a hug.

1 guess that's why I've never done what people on
hunter-net spout off about. How they leave their lives
behind for the "hunt." How do they keep from going
crazy? Living this way, you'd go out of your mind. Some
of them already have, I think.

I'm trying to get my mind around this. Get back on
track and try to figure out what's going on. May's lying
down beside me. Not sleeping, I think, just resting. We
need to get moving, though. We're way too close to that
stream, and I think those monsters think the stream is
important. They're obviously willing to kill people near it.

God, I just thought of something. Have any of these
people returnedas ghosts? Are Bai or KimorGeraldhovering
around usnow?] can't tell. [can't use the sight. I need to rest.
Niu

Shit! Dozed off and left the damned computer on.
Still reads a full battery, though. That's too weird to
consider right now.

It's 6:58 PM. It's getting dark and we didn't move. We're
stillonly about 30 yards from the stream and not far from Kim's
body. I'm going to wake everybody up and get us moving.

oe

Hunvep

Finally managing to catch my breath. We're all
alive, but there's definitely something out there in the
dark, and it knows where we are.

I woke May up, and she panicked because we hadn't
moved. She kept saying she was a total idiot for dozing off.
She's taking it pretty personally. We woke everyone and
got them moving. Easier said than done for Penny, who'd
just gotten Luke to sleep. His cut looks bad. Maybe
infected. But if he gets attacked by wolves, that won't
matter. Penny saw that logic, too, and we all got going.

We couldn't run in the dark. We all stayed together.
We'd gotten maybe 50 yards when Desmond, in the lead,
stopped. When we asked what was wrong, he held up a hand
and whispered, "Listen!" We did. Then we heard it, too.
Howts

It sounded like they were further up the mountain,
but it was really hard to say. They were impossible to
count. Impossible to say how many wolves and how
close. The sound was so faint we had to stop and listen,
but once we did, it was almost deafening. We only
listened for a moment before we started moving again,
faster, trying to get wherever the wolves weren't.

They followed us. The howls changed direction and
got louder. We went right (no idea what actual direction
that was). Then I could see flashes of fur in the brush
ahead of us. We turned and ran. I heard a growl from the
brush to our left. We ran from that. We'd made it to a
large clearing and had to stop so that Penny could catch
her breath. May said they were herding us.

She was right. These wolves have language, spoken
and written, and they know we're here. They know we're
trespassers and they're treating us like prey. They don't
have any interest in eating us — just killing us. I pulled
out my laptop and started writing this. To hell with what
the others think. I need to get this down. Maybe I can
save it to disk and stash the disk somewhere.

There are symbols on every tree around us here. I don't
have time to draw them, but they're all about eye-level.
Each tree has a different symbol. They don't look similar.
Doesn't look like a "12 stations of Christ" kind of thing.
Actually, there are 13 trees with symbols. These symbols
are more elaborate than the others. The brush is light, too,
like someone's cleared it. This place is special, somehow.

And we stopped here to rest.

I can hear them getting closer.

Deus Ex...!

Stillalive. Not sure what happened. It's 8:28 PM. At
least we can see now.

We were in that clearing when everything just went
dark. Not like the moon went behind a cloud. I mean dark
like no light at all, like in a cave. I felt around and found
Penny and Luke. She grabbed me tight and whispered
something like, "If something happens to me, take Luke


CHAPYER4: NIGHT MARES

and run." I think I said, "Yeah." I don't know. I didn't find
Al or Desmond or May. I heard sounds, though.

It sounded like a dogfight — low snarls and barks
and growls. I heard a whine like a dog in pain or afraid.
Then | heard the howls again. I swear to God, it sounded
like the things were talking it over. It's like they decided
to back off. That's when the light came back, just like a
switch, and we were all in the clearing.

God, I wish I could see. I think one of us talked the
wolves into backing off. It couldn't have been Penny,
because I knew where she was. That leaves Al, Desmond
or May. And I rather doubt it's May. But whoever it was,
how did they do it? Is there a "foreign werewolf" in our
group? Either way, if our monster did talk the wolves out
of killing us, how did they do it. What do you promise
bloodthirsty monsters to keep them away?

We started moving straight down the mountain.
We stopped only when Penny couldn't go any further,
and none of us have slept. I'm about out of ideas here. I
wish to God I could figure something out.

Morning

Woke up this morning to thunder. Great. If my
laptop gets wet, I won't be able to type anymore. I'm
Py 1 We, saving all this to disk, so I won't lose what I've written,
Ga (ye but it'd be nice to be able to finish it. That'd mean I'd
(a; Yip survived. But I think it's becoming a foregone conclu-
¢ f be yt sion that I'm not going to make it.
—Ne

Shee. We're moving out in acouple of minutes. No wolves

7
4
gy ty
4 in the night. Whatever "our" monster said to them
Fas = sms to have worked, at least for now. It's 7:56 AM. I
ba think I'm on about an hour of sleep, maybe two.
Despair
We've lost the will to keep going. Maybe we're all just
exhausted. I don't know. Penny was actually the one who
kept us going, not May. We stopped for lunch and I didn't
even care enough to drag out my laptop. None of us really
ate much, not even Desmond. He just sat there
ing at a huge deerfly bite on his neck,

q
atch-
aring at his food.
It's almost dark. I'd be surprised if we covered two miles
today. Didn't help that we wound up going ina big circle.

It would have been scary if we weren't so damned
exhausted. We passed by a huge fallen tree that looked
like it had been split by lightning. No symbols on it, thank
God. Then, two hours later, we walked up to the same
tree. Al just sat down and hasn't moved since. Desmond
started laughing, but it was a desperate, crazy laugh. He
kept trying to say something, but couldn't get it out. "And
the Lord said" was as far as he got. Penny started crying,
which meant Luke started crying. May just walked offinto
the brush. I'm here watching the whole thing.

I really don't know how this happened. Our plan isn't
complex. We're just walking downhill. That means we had
totum around and walk uphill to get back to this tree, butwe
didn't. I'd try to figure out which way is north, if it mattered,

a &

HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

butsince I don't know what face of the mountain we crashed
into, Idon't think knowing directions would do us any good.

I've seen too many people die in the past few days. I've
walked too farand tried tostay rational too long. Idon'thave
much strength left. I hope May has enough for both of us.
Tasicnr

It's morning and everyone else is still asleep. The
forest doesn't seem to hate us today. It actually seems
kind of peaceful. Birds chirping, sun shining, that pleas-
antly cold feeling in the air that you know is going to
change once the sun gets higher. The air of dread and
despair is gone, orat least lessened. Maybe what I needed
was some sleep. And the dream I had! Jesus. I don't
remember much of it, but what I do seemed to relate.

Iwas blind. I could see myself kind of in third person,
like in a movie. | could see myself stumbling around,
both eyes missing. There were wolves closing in behind
me, but I couldn't see or hear them. | just kept going. As
I stumbled, I broke branches and trampled plants. One
of the wolves jumped at me, but something — some-
thing huge — swatted it down. That's all.

Idon'tnormally go in fordreams, but this one got me
thinking about those jeeps. About motivations. Why
are these things killing us off one at a time? I know folks
on hunter-net would say something like "bcuz their
monsterrs that's why cant you see that?!" I don't buy
that. It's too damned easy. If all they wanted was us dead,
why haven't they killed us all? And what about the
monster with us? I've got some ideas.

Language. They seem to have a spoken (growled)
and written language. If my guess about one of us talking
them out of killing us is true, then that language isn't
necessarily bound by territory. It's more instinctive, like
animal communication, which makes sense.

They killed folks before who brought technology
into the woods.

They are extremely territorial.

What all this suggests so far is that by crashing into the
mountain, wenotonly invaded their territory butbroughtan
unknown technology into the woods. If my guesses are
correct, that would set them off. Which may be why they
killed Gerald. Maybe the monster in our group didn't kill
him. Maybe it was the wolves. But why notkill the rest of us?

What's a werewolf? A person who tums into a wolf? But
what ifitwere the other way around? What ifawolftumedinto
a person? It would be scary enough for a person suddenly
discovering he could get big and hairy, butat least that person
would have the word "werewolf" anda concept toattach to it.
What if a wolf suddenly found himself wandering around on
twolegsduringafullmoon?Nohair, noclaws,can'tcatch food.
How scary would that be? If it happened today, that werewolf
(were-human?) would get locked up and experimented on.
But let's say it happened for the first time a thousand years ago.
That were-human slowly learns to act human. Then it breeds.

Do that for a thousand years and you have a society,
complete with cultural identity, behavioral rules and
language. Maybe those Sociology classes weren't a waste
of time, after all. A lot of this makes more sense if these
things aren't mindless, but actually have some kind of
history. Maybe that dream finally cleared my head.

What about the monster in our group? What if
somewhere along the line, a were-human has a kid with
a normal human? Maybe that kid is a true werewolf, a
person who changes into a wolf. And now the society
grows. If you figure that were-humans are comfortable
among were-humansand normal wolves, and werewolves
are comfortable among werewolves and normal hu-
mans, then you've got not just one society, but two.
Their languages might be the same, descended from the
primal communication methods that wolves use. Their
social behavior would likely be different, though, be-
cause the werewolves would have a regard for human life
while were-humans wouldn't. Maybe that makes them
rivals. Or at war.

Maybe we had a werewolf on the plane and crashed
into a forest full of were-humans. And the werewolf is
protecting us, just not doing a perfect job of it. It talked the
were-humans out of killing us all after they'd killed Gerald,
and again when we stumbled into their important place or
whatever that clearing was. What I don'tunderstand is why
this werewolf would be protecting us. Dead people seem to
act on things they did in life. I can understand that. Maybe
a werewolf has some regard for human life?

I'm trying not to twist theories into facts, but it all
explainsa lot. Bigfoot legends? Stories aboutkiller wolves?
Murder rates goup every full moon. Is it because werewolves
in cities need to get in touch with their true natures?

Of course, this still gets me no closer to figuring out
who the thing in our group is. I'm banking on Desmond,
just because it fits logistically. But what if werewolves
can appear and disappear they way were-humans seem
to? What would be logical about any of this then?

There's no way to verify anything. Not without
seeing the truth. I'm not sure if I'm right about any of
this, but I think I'm on the right track.

Whoa. Felt a flicker just then. Like the sight coming
back, maybe. I felt something like that once before,
when I tricked that zombie out of the building back at
school. Like I knew I was dong the right thing. Maybe
I'm finally getting my mind around this.

Thunder. Better switch the machine off and keep it
dry. I'll try to see and verify any of this. It's 9:02 AM. The
others are waking up.

Fatse Raw

Still can't see. We're pausing under a big tree. We
haven't gone far. The rain makes moving slippery. No
one else is in good spirits but me. Wish I could tell them
why. At least the rain keeps the damned bugs away.


Revecarions

Wow. A lot has happened. No one's dead. Haven't
seen hide nor hair of a wolf all day. Sorry.

The rain stopped around two in the afternoon. We
didn't go in circles and the ground leveled out. The others
were getting a bit more upbeat. Desmond actually seemed to
calm down. He'd been either manic or unresponsive since
yesterday. We found some pine trees where the ground
wasn't soaked and decided to stop there. The ground is
alwayssoftaround pine trees. Noone wassleepy sowe started
to talk. I think we should have done that from day one.

We talked about what had happened and, after
Luke dozed off, about making sure that the others' bodies
got found. We talked about the wolves but no one
brought up werewolves. I told them where I was in
school and what I was studying. Desmond said he's a
deacon in his church (which we knew), and works as an
electrical engineer, which kind of surprised me for some
reason. I don't know what I thought he did.

Al still wasn't talking, but was listening. May asked
Penny what she did for a living. Penny said she was unem-
ployed, but was going to look for a job as soon as she could.
Desmond asked what grade Luke was in. Penny said it first-—
but she thought about it for a second. May and Desmond
didn't seem to notice the pause. I did, but I thought maybe
it was just fatigue. Then Al spoke for the first time.

It's weird — he's so quiet you can barely hear him,
but his diction is very clear. He told us later that he's a
high school teacher, but is moving to Oregon and hasn't
started teaching there yet. Anyway, he said to Penny,
"You kidnapped him, didn't you?"

I was completely floored. Penny's face fell and she
started crying. I heard her say, "I am his mother." Al just
shook his head. "That's why you hid when the helicop-
ter flew over. If we make it to a city, you think you can
disappear, but if we get rescued, you're going to jail."

Penny kept crying, and Luke started waking up. Al
told her to be quiet, since Luke didn't know that he was
kidnapped, right? He just thought he was going away
with his mother. Penny nodded and calmed down a bit.

Desmond had that look of rage back in his eyes, and
May didn't look too forgiving, either. I was about to talk
them down, and then I remembered that the helicopter
thing happened before Kim died. I didn't point it out, but
I've never felt so angry. It didn't have to happen that way.

Penny explained quietly, telling us that her ex-
husband had won custody but that it wasn't fair, so she
decided to take Luke away and try to make it to Canada.
She had, too, and was flying to Devine because it looked
small enough for her to go unnoticed. Desmond got up
and walked away in disgust. May went after him. We've
agreed that no one should be left alone. | was a little
worried about that, though. What if Desmond was the
monster? They didn't go far. I could still hear them in the
brush. Meanwhile, Penny was holding Luke and crying.

CHAPTER 4: NIGHT MARES

I tried to take my mind off things, so started talking
to Al. He answered my questions. That's when I found
out what he did. But he wasstill very distant. Toward the
end, he said, so softly I could barely hear it, "We were
thinking of getting a divorce." He looked straight at me,
and then stood up and walked after Desmond and May.
That left me alone with Penny and Luke.

Luke was getting upset. His leg hurt and his mom
hugging him tightly wasn't doing him any good. Penny
and I just stared at each other for a while. I had nothing
nice to say, so I kept quiet. Penny was looking at me like
she was begging for forgiveness. Not from me.

She finally said, "Remember you made a promise."

What the hell was I supposed to say to that? It wasn't
Luke's fault what happened. I nodded. Penny smiled and
asked if I'd look after Luke for a few minutes while she
went to the bathroom.

Luke was awake by then, so I showed him my
computer and let him play Minesweeper fora while until
he got bored. He fell asleep leaning on me, and is still
there, breathing quietly as I write this. It's about 10 PM.
And oddly enough, even though I'mstill pissed, I'm also
optimistic now. It's like we all got a chance to be
reminded about being human.

Except that one of us isn't.

SEPARATION

It's 6:23 AM. We're in trouble again. Luke's still
next to me, but I don't know where anybody else is. I
hear growling and rustling in the brush. The fact that
Penny hasn't come back is frightening. And I can't get
up to look and leave Luke behind.

The kid is holding up pretty well, considering. The
cut on his leg is oozing and looks unhealthy. | know
Penny's washed it a few times, but she was complaining
about not having any disinfectant. Of course, he's wear-
ing shorts, so his arms and legs are covered in bug bites.
Poor kid must be miserable. At least I'm wearing jeans.

Bars

I'm alive! And I've just learned more about
werewolves (were-humans?) than I expected to. I have
no idea about the rest of us, though. Luke'sstill okay, and
Al's not hurt badly, but I haven't seen Desmond, Penny
or May since I woke up.

After I shut down the computer, I listened a bit
more carefully and decided that there were two wolves
out there. They weren't herding us. I boosted Luke up
into a tree. Then I walked toward the sound.

I was all ready to jump ifanything happened. What-
ever was happening, it didn't involve me.

Isawa wolf-thing rise up. It looked a lot like the one
I saw kill Bai — probably nine feet tall, red and gray fur.
As it stood up I felt my mind start to go, just like before.
Istarted to panic. To be perfectly honest, I had to change

a


INVER: THE MOONSTRUCK

my clothes afterward. I stood my ground this time,
though. Just like that. I don't know where it came from.

The thing took a step toward me — and then
another wolf tackled it. The other one wasn't on two
feet. It looked like a wolf, but huge. It wasn't the same
color. It was black, except for a white patch on its head.
I didn't even see where the black one came from. They
both went head over heels into the brush. I half-ex-
pected more wolves to jump in, but none did.

Then something I can't explain happened. A patch of
the woods went black. It was like looking into a cave
mouth, right in the middle of the woods. I could hear sound
coming from it, but couldn't see into it. I didn't realize until
later that the same thing might have happened tous in that
clearing. [heard something yelp in pain and something run
through the brush. I stepped closer to the darkness. No way
was I going in, but I wanted to know how big it was. It was
about 20 feet around, and on the far side I found Al.

He had a bite on his arm. Bloody, but not too deep. He
said he'd been taking a leak and ran back when a big black
wolf jumped out and bit him, then ran away. I asked him
how big. He said not more than two or three feet — still
pretty big, butnothing like what I saw. I told Al to gocheck
on Luke and to find something to bind his arm. He ran off.
I wonder if his bite means he'll become one of them.

As soon as he had gone, the blackness disappeared
and a red wolf was lying where it had been. It was the

same color as the thing I saw before, but now it was the
shape of the black one, like a giant wolf. It was struggling
to get to its feet and was wounded badly. It had claw
marks across its face and a huge wound in its side, and it
was still trying to get to me. I backed up, but it was dying.

Even then, it looked like the cuts on its face were
closing. I watched them seal up. Itfinally collapsed, though,
and then shrank into what looked like anormal" wolf. Still
red-gray, but not any bigger than what I've seen on TV.

Iran back to the tree where I'd left Luke. Thank God
he was still there. Al was sitting at the foot of it. He'd
torn one of his shirtsleeves off and used it to wrap his
arm. I had Luke pass down my satchel so | could change
my pants and write all this down. Still no sign of Penny,
May or Desmond. I'm going to hand this back up to Luke
and then Al and I are going looking for them.

GCasuatnies

Found them. May and Al are off talking with Luke
now. Desmond is still covering Penny's body.

Penny was killed a long away from where the fight
happened. She was killed more like Bai than Kim. Tom apart.

Luke's hysterical. We're going to get moving and try
to put some distance between us and all this, just in case
that black wolf comes back. Of course, it could be that
the black one was one of usand the one that died was one
of the ones hunting us. Either way, we're heading out.
I'm going to try to figure this out.

NUD hm.

be


THEORIES

I didn't think of it before. Since everyone here is
accounted for, the wolf that died back there must have
been a "native."

I need to think today through.

Cunonotocy

When I woke up this morning, everyone but Luke
was gone.

Penny. I don't think she wandered off. I think the
werewolf in our group knocked her out and carried her
off to kill her. She was killed in the same way as Bai and
the red wolf (multiple injuries all over her body).

May. Said she woke up early this morning and went
outside the camp. She was elusive about why, but
muttered to me that she thought she was starting her
period. She was mistaken, she told me, but was trying to
find a stream or something. I didn't press the issue. We
found her later looking for us, not far from Penny's body.

Al. I've already mentioned that he went off to piss,
and I found him on the far side of that hole, with a bite
that he says came from the black wolf. It's possible that
if he's the black wolf, he could have bit himself. I'll have
to watch to see if it heals up quickly. He said the wolf ran
toward where we found Penny's body.

Desmond. May, Al, and I found him on the way back
to Luke. He was hiding under a tree and saying something
about the Devil. After we found Penny's body and covered
it up, he calmed down some. Now he just looks confused.

Desmond worries me the most. He's probably strong
enough to knock someone out with one punch. He
could have dragged Penny off and killed her, and then
discovered or been discovered by the other wolf. Plus,
that wolf was black. Does that matter?

Any of them could be the werewolf. I really don't
know. The only way I can test it is to watch Al and see
if his arm heals quick. Or he changes, too.

Theoriss

It's 12:34 PM. We've stopped, but haven't said
much. Luke's awake and still pretty agitated. I have
no idea how he's going to get through this and stay
sane. Kids are pretty resilient, but all this is going to
scar him for life. I wonder if it's possible for a kid like
him to be changed like me.

We haven't talked about this morning. No one
wants to be the first to bring it up, I think, including me.
I don't dare say anything until I know who the monster
is. I'm afraid of how | might find out.

At this point, I have to question the moon asa factor.
I've seen these things active both before and after the full
moon. Maybe the actual night of the full moon is just the
worst of it. Maybe these things change shape whenever
they want. The flight was supposed to land in Devine well
before sundown. Does it matter if it's even night time?

CHAPYER4: NIGHT MARES

Based on what I've seen, werewolves (and maybe
were-humans) seem capable of taking on more than two
forms. I've counted four — normal human (guessing —
haven't actually seen one change to or from human),
normal wolf, wolf-man, and, for lack of a better term, big
wolf. The two-legged wolf-man I saw really defies de-
scription. I was scared in a way I've never known before.
Like the forest itself wanted to kill me.

That's not getting me anywhere. What have I seen?
I've seen the red-gray wolf take three of the forms, and
others take two, possibly three (the one that killed Bai
and the black one). They can heal fast. But a bad injury
will apparently still kill one. Is the "silver bullet" thing a
legend? Or even a story the creatures spread themselves?

Nothing says that the one I saw die won't rise from
the dead. Maybe they can't be killed for long.

If they've got a society, how do they keep it secret?
If they're just a few rampaging monsters, do people just
overlook them or do they hide from us, except out here?

Everyone's scared. Al's arm doesn't seem to be
healing miraculously. Luke's stopped crying but whis-
pers things under his breath. May's white as a sheet and
keeps looking over her shoulder.

Desmond isn't limping anymore. He was walking
with a limp when we started out. I don't remember when
it stopped. His beard is a little gray. Does that mean he'd
have a white patch as a wolf? He's been craving meat the
whole time, acting crazy and then depressed. He said he
was an engineer, but that didn't ring true for some reason.

I could get May and Al away from hi, but do what?
Tell them he's a werewolf? Why can't I fucking
Discusr

1 switched off the computer earlier and lost a bit of
text, but none of it was important. Mostly it was just me
bitching about not being able to prove anything about
Desmond, and that's not real productive. Especially now.

It's 8:46 PM and the moon is rising. We've covered a lot
of ground and haven't circled. We did, however, enter a dip
—not a valley, really, just a small dip in the ground. We
passed a tree with asymbol, but] didn'tpoint it out toanyone
and I didn't get a chance to draw it. It looked kind of like a
snake falling into a net, if] remember right. I'm staying close
to May and Al, and especially Luke. If anything goes wrong
tonight, I want to be able to help them, sight or not.

Desmond hasn't been acting any less crazy than
usual. I asked him about his leg. He says he just twisted it
climbing out of the plane, but it's feeling better. He could
be telling the truth, but somehow I just don't buy it.

The forest is darker here. The tree coverseems thicker.
No soft pine beds here. Just cold, hard earth and huge trees
with knobby roots. Not like I'm going to sleep anyway. The
forest seems more active tonight. I'm thinking it might
stormagain, butit'snotcloudy. I'mstarting toget thatsame
feeling I had before. The forest knows about us.

a


: THE MOONSTRUCK

Maybe that means we're getting close to another
place that's important to the things. We did pass a
symbol. If were-humans are really part human, maybe
their special places have a vibe humans can sense. Kim
said something about a place "feeling right."

Hell, maybe they use places like that to trap prey.
How would I know?

I think my nerves are rubbing off on the others.
Everybody's keyed up and, I hope, ready torun. Desmond,
too, but with him it's different. He looks ready to fight,
like he's made up his mind about something. I dearly
hope if he has, he's made up his mind to fight the things
and help us get the hell out of here.

Company oF Wotves

Only stopping to cathe vbreateh there's a whole
bunc of them having some kind of meetiun chasing us
Wronc Peace, Wronc Time

We're safe. At least for the moment. I'm still not
sure about Desmond, but he's dead. That, I'm sure of.

We'd stopped to bed down or to at least wait out
the night. About 20 minutes after my last entry, we
heard the howl.

The ones we've heard before were nothing like this.
They were distant. This one sounded like it was right
next tous, loud enough to rattle our teeth. Luke snapped
his head up, started shaking and wet himself. Al ran over
and tried to keep Luke calm, but he kept struggling. May
jumped up and gave me witha look I can't quite describe,
like there was something she wanted me to do or say.
Desmond started heading toward the sound.

What could I do? I followed. I had to be sure. May
grabbed me, but I told her to take my bag and the other
twoandrun. I'd find them. (Idid.) I went after Desmond,
who wasn't even trying to be quiet. I caught up with him
and told him to at least walk carefully and that I'd go
with him. He had that crazy look in his eyes, the same as
when he killed that deer. He nodded and grinned.

We pushed through the brush as the howl got worse.
More joined in. | couldn't believe we were walking
straight at them, but Desmond wasn't slowing down. He
was muttering. I don't know much about the Bible.
"Walk through the valley of the shadow of death" or
something. God isn't the authority here.

The howls died down as we reached a clearing. I
couldn't count them all. They were all wolves. Some of
them those huge kind. Some normal sized. They were all
red or gray and were ina circle. One of them — maybe
old, white-gray fur —was in the center. It was like it was
talking. Not with words but with growls. The rest were
almost listening. There's no other way to say it.

Desmond was breathing heavy and looked pissed. Ifhe
was going to change, I didn't want to get in his way. I
climbed a tree to get a better view, and to get away. The

a

ground in frontof the old wolfhad been cleared of twigs and
debris. More symbols were drawn on the ground there.
As] watched, the wolf crossed out four of them with
its paw. I started to get a sinking feel, but didn't get a
chance to see much more, because one of them noticed
Desmond. They all jumped up and started stalking him.
I jumped down, hoping to turn on the sight and figure
something out, but he yelled at me to run. I did.
I'mnotevengoingto try todescribe what I heard behind
me. I didn't look back. I don't even know how I got away.
I made it to May and Al, and we all ran. I haven't
told them what happened yet. What would be the point?
Those wolves will probably run us down soon, too.

Morning

It's 7:21 AM. I've deleted a bunch of stuff wrote last
night. Mostly about dying and what I want done with my
stuff. Who cares about that? I'm alive, at least for the
moment. So are the other three.

God, that sounds so wrong. We started with eight. How
the hell are we going to explain this to the police or whoever?
"We had eight, but five of them got eaten by wolves."

We need to keep moving. It can't be that much
farther. Unless we've made another circle in our panic.

Tue Trova

I've figured it out. Al, Luke and May are in a
clearing. I told them I was going off to take a piss. I know
who the werewolf is. It wasn't Desmond. And I know
we're only about four miles from Devine city limits.
There's a sign that says so.

I'd like to get Luke walking toward the city, but I
want to wait until I verify this. I can see again.
Breanrnroucn

We were all sitting together. May, Al, Luke, myself.
Catching our breath. Haven't seen a wolf today. So far,
so good. I was scratching at bug bites and reflecting that
mosquitoes are bad, but deerflies are the worst. They
leave huge stinging welts on your body that last for days.

I looked over and saw that Luke had bug bites on his
legs. I remembered that Desmond had a really nasty one
on his neck. And then I looked over at Al and May.

Al had bites up and down his arm where he'd torn
his shirt away, and some on his neck. But May doesn't
have a single bite on her.

I think I made a noise when I realized it. They both
looked at me, but I just shook my head. I was staring at
May, though, and I don't know if she figured it out. But
it's true. Not one bite. I've never seen her scratch. The
things heal quick. Maybe too quick for bug bites to have
any effect. I've finally figured it out!

Now I can feel the sight again, like an itch. I want
to get this down before I look for sure and confront May.
She's been with us the whole time and has probably
killed some of us.


Gerald's whole body disappeared except for his foot.
May was right next to his remains when I found her. But
she didn't have any blood on her and she looked scared.
I think that the other things killed Gerald and she talked
them out of coming for us, at least right then.

But Bai was another matter. She'd been hurt and
was slowing us down. | think that night was a full moon.
May could have killed Bai, washed off in the stream and
circled back to us to get some distance from the others.
I was the only one who saw. I was near the stream.

Penny didn't flag down the helicopter and May was
pissed, because she's in danger here, too. Kim stormed
offand got caught by the native wolves, possibly because
she was in a sacred place or something. We were all in
asacred place when the wolves came forus. The clearing
with the symbols on the trees. Did May create that
shadow to talk them out of it? So we wouldn't know?

Shit, those deer were probably set-ups. She needed
to eat, too. It wouldn't be hard for her as a wolf to run
down a deer, break its back and put a branch on it.

What happened then? Al exposed Penny. So the
next morning, May knocks her out and kills her, but
then another wolf shows up. Maybe a scout or some-
thing. May jumps it and kills it, and if she's injured, she
heals it up too quick for me to notice. Then she bites Al
— maybe to throw suspicion on him, or maybe she can't
help it — and runs back around and changes back.

But what about last night? Did she save me from that
pack? She couldn't save Desmond, even if she'd wanted
to, because he was standing his ground? She must have
doubled back and helped me. But why? And why hasn't
she just run off? Why stick with us this long?

I need answers before I tell them how close we are.
There's a dirt road here. I'll talk to May. I need to know,
even this close to civilization.

Beasy Unmasken

May's a werewolf. And my battery is finally running
low. I've got to finish this. I'm hurt pretty badly. Pain
doesn't seem to be bothering me yet. Maybe shock.

I went back to the clearing. May was there alone. Al
and Luke had started walking, she said. I asked her why.
She said, "Because we need to talk." And that's when I
looked at her. I was right. She looked just like the
silhouette on the plane. But what could I do? sat down.

It was a very strange conversation. Almost like a
breakup talk, at first. She said, "You know, don't you?"
I said I did. She asked how and I told her about the bug-
bite thing. No way was I going to try and explain
anything more! She said that was very smart.

lasked her why she killed Bai and Gerald, just to testher.
She said she didn't kill Gerald. She found what was left of
him, and that's how she knew we weren'talone. I asked who
the others were. Almost called them "were-humans" but

CHAPTER 4: NIGHT MARES

caught myself. She said that they were crazy animals that
wanted all people dead. I asked her what she wanted. What
happened then was the scariest thing I ever saw in my life.

Her eyes got this glow, like Desmond's but worse.
She said something like, "I brought the plane down on
the mountain to find them. But I didn't expect to find
you." I didn't ask how she brought the plane down.
Instead, I asked what she meant about finding me, and
she got even more intense. She cracked this huge smile,
like I was her best friend. "You don't run and scream like
the rest. You've got a gift, and I want to help you with it.
I want to bring you home with me and introduce you to
my people. You might be the key to winning the war."

I didn't even ask what war. She was on her feet walking
toward me. I didn'tfeel threatened, exactly. Ididn'tthinkshe
was going to hurtme. Butshe was crazy. Werewolfornot, she
was absolutely insane. She wasstill talking, butsome of it was
in another language. She said something about "breeding"
and "coming of our father" but none of it made any sense. I
backed up and tripped. There was a broken branch behind
me. And then, finally, I wasn't alone.

May had been wearing the same clothes the whole
time since the crash. (Which means she must have
undressed every time she changed shape, I guess.) She was
wearinga long-sleeved T-shirt with adesignername on it.
As she came closer, the letters read, "STRIKE NOW."

I threw that branch as hard as I could. It wasn't very
big, but it knocked her down. | grabbed my bag and
started running.

Then I heard Al. He and Luke hadn't left, after all.
They were coming out of the woods. Al was probably
taking Luke to the bathroom the whole time. Al ran up
to May as if to see if she was okay. I screamed for him to
get away, but she was already changing.

Her clothes tore right off. She changed into that black
man-beast thing. But this time, I wasn't afraid. I was, but I
just knew I could face her. I can't believe that thing was
May. She grabbed Al and killed him. There's no way he
could have lived through what she did to him. There was
nothing] could do. Luke was screaming. She looked athim,
then at me, and came right at me. I tried to get away, but
she was on me. She tore at my leg. It's still bleeding bad,
even now. Then she was gone. In the direction of the road
I found, like she knew it was there the whole time.

What good would the city be to hernow? Isshe even
going there? Can the other wolves be far away? Do they
come this close to the city?

I'm cold. I can't walk.

I'mgiving this disk to Luke along with the name and
address of the man I was supposed to meet in Devine. I
don't want to put his name in here, just in case. A car has
tocome by sooner or later. Ofall of us, Luke has the most
right to get out. He's just a kid.



CHAPTERS: BECOMING PREY

Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's
clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.

— Matthew 7:15

Arrivat

Monday

The journey up this morning was pretty uneventful.
There were roadworks on the A12, as per usual, but we
were in the hotel not long after lunchtime. Manisha and
1 are posing as businesspeople up here for a few days to
try and close some contracts. It's about the only way that
a middle-aged white chap like me can get away with
travelling in the company of a young Asian woman
without attracting the sort of attention that we could do
without. Suffolk is a quiet, conservative place with very
few ethnic minorities. Manisha does stick out some-
what, so we're going to have to be careful. She hates
wearing a suit, but I'm finding it quite amusing.

Kirsty came up separately, posing asa holiday maker.
She's rented a cottage off toward the coast, and that's
going to act as our main staging ground should anything
happen. We've got two separate places to hide out, and
we can be back in London within two hours — or
summon help from there if need be. There's no guaran-
tees, but I feel we've made what preparations we sensibly
can. Kirsty's going to pay the reactor a visit. They've got
a tourist center, believe it or not. Manisha and I are
going to do some driving around today, before having a

quiet night on tonight. Of course, that all depends on
what Kirsty finds later on. I hope I've done the right
thing in letting her go there alone. She does seem to
have accepted what I've said about the need to study
before we act.

I must admit, I feel a lot less certain of myself now
that we're up here. I'm used to an urban life. In the city,
the rows upon rows of houses filled with people seem to
offer some vague protection, even if it is largely illusory.
Here, though, it's different. The villages are just little
clusters of homes, pubs and shops, dropped down in the
middle of the countryside. As you approach them from
a distance, they look like they're huddling together for
safety — a bit like the wagon trains in old cowboy
movies. It seems like a long time since I had the chance
to just watch a movie on TV.

Knowing what's out there, I can't help but feel that
maybe that's the right way for the villagers to feel. There
really are things in the woods, and I need to understand
why they're there and what they're doing. I know my
feeling of security in suburbia is false, but it allows me to
carry on. Here, that feeling is ripped away and I feel more
vulnerable and exposed than I ever did. Perhaps I should
be glad that this area is flat and only lightly forested. You
can see a long way in all directions and that makes me
at least a little happier that 1 might see anything coming.

=


Halle again,

Furthee to the package $ sent you a fw days, here are SoS293
journals relating to the Suffole trip, and those of his team He and I
agreed a long time ago that the potential beneft of beeping these sorts
off records outweighs the potential risks

Fhe obvious reasons, it took me a. few weeks to get hold of fauls
journal, but I managed it with Jason and Manisha' help.

Pashia

Although, I do recall some rather nasty tales on the list
about creatures appearing from nowhere and vanishing
into thin air. Like I said, the illusion of security is what
keeps me going.

ComPucarions

From Kirsty

Paul,

I've been trying to get online for half an hour. The
phone lines around here are a piece of shit. Maybe I
should get a job here for real and try to help the phone
company get them working properly.

I paid a visit to Eastsea this afternoon, as we dis-
cussed. Looks like a pretty well-run, well-maintained
facility to me. It sits right on the coast, on a flat area
between two villages. If the bastards did attack the place,
I've no idea how they did it. You've got good visibility in
all directions, including seaward. They'd have to have
found some way to sneak into the place — although if
what we hear about them just "appearing" is true, maybe
that's the way they did it. Any halfway decent CC-TV
based security system would see the bastards coming a
mile off.

There's one big problem. The whole place felt
wrong to me. A couple of the security guards were
definitely some of them, although I have no way of
knowing exactly what they are. You want tosend Manisha
over to have a look? She might get a better idea, but I'd
just be plain guessing. Then we might be able to get a
serious plan together for getting rid of them.

Orgive me the word and I'll take care of them myself
right now.

We're all still meeting for dinner tomorrow, right?

Tuesday Morning

Thank God Kirsty did nothing but look. Manisha
and I talked well into the night about what her news
might mean. Supernatural influence in the nuclear
plant wasn't something I'd considered before, but maybe
Ishould have after the news from Scotland. Itmeans one
of two things. The first idea, and the one I "favor," is that
after the attack the werewolves have found some way to
infiltrate the plant with their own people. If that's the
case, we need to find out why, and soon. I'm glad I made
the decision to bring us all up here.

Manisha disagrees, though. She thinks we might be
seeing the results of some power struggle between super-
natural creatures in the area. Her opinion is that the
werewolves seem to be a natural phenomenon. A cor-
ruption of nature by the supernatural, as she put it.
Whatever is in the plant here, and the ones in Scotland
by extension, it she guesses that it's a corruption of the
man-made by the supernatural. Her theory is that we're
seeing a supernatural version of the battle between the
countryside and the city that we see in real society.

I do find her idea interesting. If we push the enve-
lope on it, it raises the possibility of using one set of
beings against another in a coordinated way. That way,
we can step in to deal with the weakened forces in
whatever way we see fit. That's pie in the sky, of course.
With only three of us here, we can't hope to do much
more than find out what's going on and then try to
develop a coordinated response.

In the meantime, Manisha's going to drop me off in
Lowestoft to doa little poking around, while she goes on
the same tourist trip that Kirsty took yesterday. Let's
hope Kirsty doesn't do anything rash while we're waiting
for Manisha to report back. That would blow our cover
and ruin any chance we have of learning more.

Gonnurrion

From Manisha's Notebook

Based on what Kirsty said, I began to look as soon as
I Bperoachied the nuclear —_ She wasn't kidding. The

iL Ui Ye

Loca, Man ‘Founp Dean On Brac
The body of George Child, a 36-year-
old father of two, was found washed up
onthe ybeach near Great' Yarmouth
_ yesterday. He had. been shot at least
police sources...
at the Sellafield
eacisae plai been missing for
two weeks, He failed to return home
» from: work, -and his wife Mary reported
"him ing. Police have Taunched a

orma'
arrest of her husband's killer to

~come forward. "George was a wonder-
cos ~ husb d. and . father."
eswoman for the
orked for us over


whole place has a definite sense about it. The more I
focused on it, the more unwell I felt. By the time I was
passing through the gates, I was almost chucking my guts
up. The security guard wasn't overly other, but he was
concerned about me — which I can't blame him for. I
must have looked terrible.

As Kirsty said, the security was heavy, but then
you'd expect that from such a place. The visitor centre
was little more than a PR effort, as far as I could tell.
There to convince people they're safe. I've always been
suspicious of people who try too hard to sell something,
but I was willing to keep an open mind. Or at least, I was
until I saw the security guard in the gift shop. He was one
of the others, without a doubt. It was as if some black
shape was on him or in him. My head was beginning to
swim, and I knew I couldn't stay there long.

He noticed me staring at him, so I gave him the best
shy smile | could muster, the one that works so well on
nightclub bouncers. | made for the door, my heart
pounding. He already knew I was there, so | couldn't try
to hide from him without making myself seem more
suspicious. I stared straight ahead until I got back to the
car. I opened my door and glanced around. No one was
paying me the slightest attention. I drove maybe three
miles away, taking turns down country roads pretty
much at random. I pulled up in the car park of a pub and
used the payphone inside.

Itold the old man what had happened and suggested
that he call the psycho to see if she could catch one of
the wrong people as they left and tail them home.

Pursulr

From Kirsty's Journal

During my scouting yesterday, I found a good sea
view parking spot that offered an excellent view of
traffic coming from the power plant. You've got two
choices when leaving the plant: head toward the coast
or the main road. I decided to watch the one to the
main road.

For over an hour I pretended to be enjoying the view,
the sea air anda nice flask of coffee. Truth be told, I nearly
did enjoy it but for the infuriating knowledge that there
was something evil nearby and that I had yet to deal with
it. Shortly after six o'clock, a car carrying two men, one
who was wrong and one who wasn't, passed me. I tossed
the flask on the back seat and pulled out after them, doing
my best to keep at least one car between us. It wasn't easy.
The traffic in this part of the world is light and for a few
minutes I was directly behind him.

He pulled over in the village of Shoreford. I pulled
over in a garage forecourt and got out my map, pretend-
ing to look at it. He let out the man who was free of evil
and waved goodbye, like he was some normal person and
nota fucking monster. I put the map down and got ready
to move as he drove off.

CHAPTERS: BECOMING PREY

We drove for maybe another 10 minutes before he
turned off again, this time into a small cul-de-sac. [drove
on and pulled into a car park in the centre of the town,
amongst the shops and almost directly opposite a pub. |
walked back around to the cul-de-sac and looked for his
car. It was parked outside a bland little modern house.
Two stories. Box-like.

I sent a text message on my mobile to Manisha and
Paul, telling them where I wasand then founda place in the
neighboring field where I could watch without being seen.
The fact that night was falling made it much easier. I must
have waited three hours with nosign of him leaving. Lights
went on and off inside, so I knew he was there.

Conracr

Tuesday Afternoon

My day in Lowestoft was a complete waste of time.
Trawling the libraries and bookshops turned up nothing
that I didn't already know. Certainly there was nothing
in the local mythology that helped. While there were
plenty of legends of ghosts in and around the Norfolk
broads, there was nothing related to werewolves or
anything like them. I ended up buying a few maps of the
area, including some historical ones for cross-referenc-
ing, and found a restaurant to have some lunch and
while away the hours reading the Daily Telegraph until
Manisha called.

For a little while, life felt normal again. It was like
killing time in a restaurant between business meetings,
back before I knew how the world really was. I felt a rush
of anger then. The things are to blame for this life. Ifnot
for them, our eyes wouldn't need to be opened.

I won't let the creatures out here get away with what
they're doing. They hide, they prey on us when they feel
like it, and they hide again. It can't happen any longer,
and my own weakness has allowed it to. I ran and hid
before, like other people do in the face of these things.
But my cowardice was worse, because I had the knowl-
edge and the power to do something. Instead, I let them
win. Perhaps that's the reason they attack places like
this power plant, if that's what's really going on. They
don't want us to have a chance to undermine them.
They don't want us to progress, because we might pose
a real threat.

Well, bad luck. Even if something happens to me,
others will follow. There's a letter to Josh waiting to be
posted if I don't return. He and his group or others like
them will take this up.

Breaking

Early Evening, Tuesday

I'min the car with Manisha. We're on our way tomeet
Kirsty. We have the first solid lead we've had since we got
here. We're about to break the law, but the things probably
don't consider that an issue. If we succeed, the law won't
matter. If we fail, the police will be the last of our worries.

a


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

We need more information and this man would
seem to have it. Be brave, Paul.
ENYERING

Early Hours, Wednesday

We did it! I'm not sure I believe that we got away
with it, but we seem to have. We've made contact, but
I don't know yet how to turn that to our advantage.

We met Kirsty outside the village pub after dark, as
directed. She'd worked outa way into the house from the
field behind and had already eased out a section of the
fence before we got there. As it turns out, she'd already
knocked out the alarm, too, against my orders not to get
too close. I suppose I shouldn't complain, but sometimes
I fear what she might do if I had no influence over her
(and even then she might turn on me one day). But ifshe
hadn't pushed ahead so quickly, I'd have probably lacked
the courage to go ahead with this. Planning to break into
a house is one thing. It's quite another having the guts
to go ahead and do it.

The back door was unlocked. We walked straight in.
It stank. It stank so badly that I gagged, and I saw the
other two were struggling too. "What on earth is that
stench?" whispered Manisha, shoving a handkerchief
over her nose and mouth.

"I don't know," muttered Kirsty, "but I'm betting
it's bad news."

Le a OE WG

Then Kirsty reached into her coat and pulled out a
small pistol of some kind. I grabbed her wrist and said, "I
thought we agreed."

She glared at me. "I never got rid of it," she said.
"You may be an idiot but I'm not."

And then everything went to hell.

The man, if that's what he was, walked in and
looked at us in astonishment. It seemed like he saw
Kirsty's gun and smiled. Then he just changed. One
second he was a man, the next he was this mass of teeth
and tentacles. I think I willed the bloody thing backward
out of sheer revulsion.

Kirsty shot it several times. It stopped moving and
turned back intoa human. Manisha got closer, poking at
the carpet by it with a newspaper off a table. The end of
the newspaper dissolved from blood or something that
came from the creature. The carpet was eaten away, too.

"That change was no illusion," Manishasaid. "What-
ever it was, it was real enough."

"We should go," I said, desperate to get out of there.
"Somebody probably heard."

"No, we're clear," Kirsty said. "If I'm right, people
will assume it was a farmer killing vermin. I'll stand
watch while you two look around."

Insome ways, I wished we'd left. Searching the place
was nerve wracking enough. What we found was worse.


Inthe upstairs bedrooms, we found the rotting corpses of
awoman and two children. From the look of them, they
must have been dead a long time. God only knows how
he lived with the smell.

I told Manisha not to go in. She took one look at my
expression and agreed. We didn't find much else. Noth-
ing to indicate that his life was anything out of the
ordinary before something got inside him. I could see it
upset Manisha— the thought that we'd killed someone.
Someone that we might have saved.

It was time to leave. When we got back downstairs,
L asked Kirsty if she'd seen anything.

"Nah, you're all right," she replied.

"Then why is there a van pulling up outside?" I asked.

Kirsty glanced out of the window and her eyes
widened with surprise. "We've got company," she said.

"Who is it?" Manisha asked.

"Idon'tknow, but they're not human," Kirsty replied.

"I'm staying then," Manisha said.

"What? Are you mad?" | asked.

"I should be able to hide from them," she whispered,
her doubt evident in her voice.

Lasked what if it didn't work?

She told me, "We're here to doa job. This is our best
chance to learn something."

I started to argue, but Kirsty grabbed me and dragged
me out the back door.

She let go of me outside. "Go after her now and we'll
all be killed." I couldn't argue. She was right.

EAVESDROPPING

Manisha's Notebook

I found an out of the way corner of the living room
and concentrated on not being seen. I don't think I've
been so afraid in all my life. If it didn't work, I was dead.
The door crashed down and my heart nearly stopped.

Three of them walked into the room. One was a
woman, dressed in jeans and a shirt, with long auburn
hair. One of the men, big, had bright red hair. The
second man was short, stocky, with black hair.

The three of them looked at the corpse on the floor.
I've tried to write down everything as best as I remember.

"Someone beat us to it," said the black haired one.

Theredhead nudged the corpse with his foot. "Dammit.
I thought we might learn something from this one."

"J do not see why we do not just destroy the corrup-
tion," stated the woman, her voice oddly inflected.

"We've been through this," the red head replied. "It
would mean turning this whole place into wormhole.
When are you going to get your head around that?"

The woman made a noise that I could have sworn
was a growl, and then bent down as if to get on all fours.
By the time she was down, she was a wolf. | don't know

CHAPTERS:BECOMING?

what I'd imagined, but I never thought that the change
would be so quick.

She sniffed around and I realized that she was
looking for trails. I huddled back into the corner, pray-
ing that she wouldn't find me.

She barked twice. The red head nodded. "Human
scents, still very fresh."

"Do you think it's worth going after them?" asked
the other.

"Maybe, once we've checked if there's anything we
need to deal with beyond."

"Tl check," the black-haired one said. He seemed
to look at the mirror over the fireplace and then just
disappeared. I'd read about them doing something like
that, but I never really believed it. He just vanished, like
he'd never been there. I had to stifle a gasp.

A few seconds later, he was back. "Come on. We've
got problems," he said. Then he changed, too.

Changed is such a piss useless word for what hap-
pened. His whole body grew, transformed. It twisted, his
arms shifting position, his clothes disappearing, amuzzle
forming and fur spouting out of him. It was all I could do
tostay put and notrun for fear. The other two didexactly
the same thing, and then all three disappeared.

Some time later, I don't know how long, I found the
courage to leave.

Tue Nexr Sver

Wednesday Morning

Weall met up again at the cottage Kirsty was staying
in. The door to the bedroom was firmly shut the whole
time. After seeing her gun back at the house, I could
guess what she had through the door, but I didn't see the
point in forcing the issue. Things were getting risky, and
I didn't see Kirsty as a threat to Manisha or I.

Manisha joined us overan hour later, visibly shaken.
I made her some tea and let her sit for a while before we
started questioning her. I was just glad to have her back
alive. I hated leaving her there, but I knew she was
capable of hiding and maybe learning enough to give us
the key to the situation.

Eventually, she spoke. Her first words were not
encouraging.

"We've got a problem. They have our scents."

"So what?" I asked.

She said, "They're wolves. Well, they can be wolves.
If they're anything like the real animals, they hunt by
scent. I don't know enough about it to know if they'll
be able to follow us after we've traveled by car, but it
sure wouldn't surprise me. Oh, and the reports on
hunter-net were right. They can just disappear into
thin air. I don't think they're just turning invisible. |
think they're going somewhere."

a ef


ER: THE MOONSTRUGK

Isat down. It wasa lot to take in all at once. My mind
was reeling with the possibilities. Kirsty, however, was
all business. She wanted them dead. She quizzed Manisha
about everything that happened, particularly how they
reacted to the dead bloke's corpse. I just listened, sorting
through the information for the clues we needed. A
chance to study the other side without actually con-
fronting it is all too rare.

"How do you know they have our scents?" Kirsty
asked, obviously coming to her own decisions.

"One of them said so."

"Are they after us now?"

"I don't think so. They went ‘outside' or something,
because they thought there was a threat there."

Something made a connection in my head. "Where
did they say, exactly?"

Manisha thought fora moment. "‘Beyond,'I think."

That was interesting. From my dabblings with cards
and other mystical claptrap years ago, I knew the Celts
had a myth about another reality, an otherworld com-
posed of magical and symbolic things. I wish I could
remember more, but it was just one of my passing fads
and I only concentrated on the bits that interested me.

Itold the others what little I could remember. Kirsty
looked thoroughly bored by the information, but Manisha
was attentive.

She said, "I'm not sure how that helps us right now.
We've got three things on our tail, and we've got no idea
how to deal with them."

"I'm not sure that's a problem," I said.

My reasoning was this: At this point, they have no
reason to believe we're an enemy. They're going to want
to know why we killed that man, who was apparently an
enemy of theirs, too. From what Manisha overheard,
they'll want to know why we did it. They'll want to
question us before killing us, which would buy us time to
bring our abilities into play.

Kirsty snorted in disgust. "They're animals, Paul. They
deserve to be killed. I don't see the point in talking to them."

She was on her feet by then, agitated.

Manisha shook her head. "We still have no real idea
what's going on here. What's the harm in trying to talk
to them? As long as we stay cautious and don't do
anything rash, we may open a dialogue. They obviously
have as much problem with the things at the plant as we
do. Let's find out what else we have in common."

I kept quiet. I was less keen than Manisha on the
idea of actually befriending these monsters, but what she
said seemed to keep Kirsty quiet. I could take a guess
why. The only time I've seen Kirsty turn down the
opportunity to kill one of the others was when she
thought waiting would give her a shot at even more of
them. I was willing to accept that for now. We didn't
know which way this was going to go.

aa ~

For the moment, we decided to keep watch through
the night, with Kirsty going first, Manisha second and
me last. If they came during the night, we'd deal with
them here and try and get a discussion going. If that
wasn't possible, we knew the territory and had a good
chance of protecting ourselves.

If we made it through the night, we'd set out to find
them in the morning. We'd start at that pub where I saw
one of them months ago, and go from there. Kirsty rigged
up a microphone / radio combination that slips into my
suit jacket easily enough. That should allow us to tape
the conversation and, more importantly, will mean that
Manisha and Kirsty could stay nearby, listening in, ready
to help if I run into trouble.

Invervicw with A WerewotF

Thursday Evening

We did it! We bloody did it! I can hardly believe it!
We made contact and I'm still alive. I have to get this
down now, just in case anything goes wrong from here
on in. We spent the morning checking that the equip-
ment Kirsty had rigged up worked, and we tested its
range. We were hoping that the girls would be able to sit
in the car nearby, depending on where I was.

About 11 am, when the pubs generally open, we
set out. I was in one of the cars, the girls in the other.
I left maybe 10 minutes before them, and Manisha
made me swear that I wouldn't start anything until
they texted me to tell me they were in position. By
11.45am, I was inside.

Within a few minutes, I got the text from Manisha
and looked closely across the bar. Sure enough, the
barman was wrong. I stared at him for a moment, trying
to get a better idea of what it was. There was something.
A feral cast to the eyes and a hint of fur on his skin.

Iplaced my empty glass down and asked for the same.
The barman nodded and started to pull me a new pint.

"You up here on business?" he asked. "We don't get
many guys in suits in here at lunchtime."

"Yes," Lanswered, starting to feel fear gnawing at my
gut for the first time. "Yes, I'm here to see you, in fact."

He glanced straight at me. "You from the brew-
ery, then?"

"No. No, I'm not from the brewery. I'm here because
I know what you are," I said it as conversationally as I
could. He looked at me sharply. "I know who you
associate with," I added.

He stared for a moment and then went back to
wiping down the bar. "I have no idea what you mean."

"I don't think that's true. I know what you are and
who you're working with. And most of all, | know what
you're trying to deal with."

"1 don't know what you mean," he said.


"] rather think you do," I said, feeling the beer
stoke my confidence. "I think you know exactly what
I'm talking about and probably don't want it dis-
cussed here."

To my surprise, he laughed. "Go on, then, if you
want," he said as he handed me the pint. "The people in
here either won't believe you, or if they do they'll be
ready to back me up in a second."

My mind raced. It wasn't going the way | hoped.

"Look, I only want to help," I said. "I know all about
the nuclear plant and what happened yesterday. | want
to meet with the people involved and discuss something
that might be to our mutual benefit."

His eyes narrowed. "Are you sure that's what you
want?" he asked.

I nodded, taking another drink to try and conceal
my nervousness.

He seemed to think for a moment and said, "Follow
me." He took me intoa back room, down ashort corridor
and indicated for me to sit down. "Wait here. I need to
make some calls. It might be a little while. Don't try to
leave. We'll stop you."

I settled down into the chair and let out a long sigh.
I felt the worst of the tension leave my body. I hadn't
closed the deal, but I was certainly well into opening
negotiations. This was familiar ground for me. I've been

CHAPTERS: BECOMING PREY

doing it all my life. I knew I could pull it off. If I told
myself that often enough, I might believe it.

Wott ar rue Door

Just over half an hour later my phone beeped. It was
a text message from Manisha indicating that the red
haired man from the house had just walked through the
front door of the pub.

I reached into my pocket and switched on the
transmitter and waited. And waited. I felt an urge to go
to the toilet, but I stifled it and hoped that it would all
be over soon. Before long a red haired man walked in. I
assumed it was the same. | also knew I was facing one of
the creatures that had haunted my dreams for months.

Taped conversation from SoS29

SoS29: Hello, pleased to meet you, I'm...

(A growl, and a gasp of fear from SoS29)

SoS29: I... I... was right. You... You're a werewolf.

(More growling)

SoS29: I... I don't understand

Second Speaker: Is this better? Can you cope with
me better when I look like you?

SoS29: Y... yes, yes. Thank you.

Second Speaker: Listen, arsehole. I'm not sure why
I'm here. Give me a good reason or I'll tear your head off
and use your skull for a mug.


HE MQONSTRUCK

SoS29:1... 1... [want to help. [have already helped.
The thing in the house yesterday, from the plant. That
was us. We knew you wanted it dead, so we did it. Saved
you the effort. Hope that's okay. It was a gesture of good
faith. Open discussions...

Second Speaker: Slow down. I get the point. You
one of us?

SoS29: Uh, no. No, I'm not.

Second Speaker: Which makes you kin to us... or
something worse.

So0S29: How... how do you know?

Second Speaker: You're not curled up in the corner
drooling like the village idiot. What normal people do
when they see what you just did.

SoS29: I can see why.

Second Speaker: (Laughs) So, tell me about yesterday.

SoS29: What do you want to know?

Second Speaker: How you knew about that thing
would be a good start.

SoS29: Question for a question?

Second Speaker: I'm sorry?

SoS29:1'll tell you, if you answer a question of mine.

Second Speaker: (Laughs) All right. If that's what
you want. I'm probably going to end up killing you
anyway, so there's no harm, right? How did you know
about the worm spawn?

SoS29: Worm food, surely? I'd seen the appalling
safety record of the plant. I started to look into it and
things didn't add up. So, I took a look around and that
fellow struck me as being out of place. I followed him
home to confront him, and he turned on me. [had to kill
him before he did anything to me.

Second Speaker: Huh. Not sure I believe all of that,
old man. Your question?

SoS29: There are a lot of you around here, aren't
there? And the barman is one of you?

Second Speaker: Yeah, you could say that Sonny is
part of the family. So's the woman who runs the shop,
and most of the farmers. And yes, there are a lot of us. So,
don't try any funny business, old man, because we'll eat
you alive.

SoS29: I... I'll bear that in mind.

Second Speaker: My turn. Why do you want to help?

SoS29: There's something wrong in the plant.
It threatens us all. It makes sense for us to deal with
it together.

Second Speaker: Why not just do it yourself?

S0S29: No, it's my turn. What do you want with
the plant?

Second Speaker: We want to wipe that accursed
blight off the face of the Earth. Pretty simple, huh? Now,
before I get angry, why don't you just deal with the
reactor yourself?

SoS29: Because I don't have the resources or skills
to do it alone. Why do you want to destroy it?

Second Speaker: Ha! Same reason you do, | imag-
ine. It's leaking seven kinds of shit into the sea and air,
and this is my land. It don't want to see it fouled any
further, but you bloody monkeys seem to insist on
shitting where you live. That direct enough for you?

SoS29: Yes... yes, it is. Thank you. Um... are all
werewolves like you?

Second Speaker: (Laughs) No. Some of them are
much nastier. Most of them would have killed you by
now. But I'm curious. Tell me, do you know who your
parents are? Have any members of your immediate
family gone missing in the past?

SoS29: Uh, what?

Second Speaker: You heard me. Answer the question.

SoS29: Um, not as far as I know. Why?

Second Speaker: Because I can only think of two
reasons why you know what I am. One makes you poten-
tially useful. The other makes you a corpse. My problem
is that you probably have no idea what the truth is.

So$29: I don't understand.

Second Speaker: I didn't expect you to.

Winping Ur

So$29: But do you accept what I'm saying?

Second Speaker: (Laughs) Are you mad, man? You
walk in here, demanding to see us, and then you think
we're going to just accept you? By all rights, I should just
kill you for knowing that we're here. But I'm going to let
you live for a while longer. If you're what I hope you are,
you'll havea lot to learn. Ifnot, well, I hope you've made
peace with your maker, because I'll be sending you to
meet him. Be back here at midday tomorrow and we'll
talk more. Oh, and I know about your two friends, by the
way. Don't try to keep anything from me again.

(Sound of footsteps followed by a door shutting)

Thursday Evening (continued)

I've just been through the tape again, and my feeling
of elation has passed. I can't believe that I'm still here.
How many times did that bloody thing threaten me?
Kirsty wants to hunt it down and be done with it. I
sympathise, but I don't want to throw away the chance
to learn more from him. It. Whatever. We'll go back
tomorrow and see if I can be a little more persuasive. I
just need to forget that he's a monster and think of him
as a potential customer. Christ, I've got 30 years of
selling under my belt. I must be able to pull this off.

I still can't believe I was stupid enough to reveal
our numbers. I should have remembered that Manisha
said they had our scents. That was a mistake. I'm so in
the habit of concealing the existence of other hunters,
I did it automatically. Luckily, he didn't take it too
badly. I ought to apologize and explain. I don't want


one mistake, one stupid slip, to blow the trust I'm
trying to build here.

We're following the same watch tonight. Then
we're going back tomorrow for a second meeting. I hope
we're on the verge of a breakthrough here.

Awancnine

Early Hours of Friday Morning

I'm on watch again. Manisha woke me a couple of
hours ago, saying that she thought she had heard howls.
Kirsty's fast asleep, but I can see that Manisha hasn't
slept since I relieved her. I think I've heard howls twice,
but until I'm sure, I'm not going to wake Kirsty. I need
her rested in case things go wrong tomorrow.

I'm scared. I'm scared that I'll die here in this
holiday cottage tonight. I'm scared of the things running
around outside in the dark. I'm scared that I'll be torn
apart tomorrow in some dingy little pub in the middle of
nowhere. But I owe it to the people who've died because
of me. I have to understand these creatures if I'm going
to stop them.

Anyway, they know what I look like. They know
what I smell like. They can track me. I can't just run
away like I did last time.

END Game

Friday Morning

Kirsty showed Manisha and I the tracks in the mud
this morning. They were here last night and made no
effort to conceal it. She wanted to turn the tables and
track them down. I talked her out of it eventually, saying
that we had no idea of their strength or numbers. She
countered by saying that she could make an estimated
guess by the number of tracks.

Her option seems pretty damn appealing. Set a trap
for them by the pub, be ready and kill them when they
arrived. Free myself from the fear of being caught and the
terror of dying at their whim. But that's not what we're
here to do. I've set a goal for myself. I'm sticking to it.

Manisha wanted to break for London. She's
afraid. I don't blame her. She's a 20-year-old kid.
Kirsty and I convinced her to stay. | hope Manisha
doesn't suffer for it.

We made a minor change in the plan. Kirsty and
Manisha are going to stay closer than we originally
agreed. If nothing else, if the things do attack, we stand
achance of surviving if we work together. It's all we have
at this point, and I'm going to remain as optimistic as I
can. I've posted yesterday's tapes to London. As soon as
I finish writing this, the journal is going to London, too.
Josh knows where to collect them if we're not in contact
within a week.

I'm not a religious man, but right now I wish I was.

God, be with us today.

CHAPTERS: BECOMING PREY

Lasr Words

Taped conversation from SoS29
SoS: I'm glad to see you decided to meet me again.
Second Speaker: Are you now?

SoS: Yes, of course. Why else would I be here?

Second Speaker: Lots of reasons. I'm a long way
from trusting you.

SoS: I thought we'd been through this. Wasn't what
we did to that thing proof enough? I'm sorry about
misleading you about our numbers, but surely you can
understand me trying to protect my friends.

Second Speaker: I can understand that. As for
whether killing that thing being proof? Not really. Our
enemies are ruthless. They'd quite happily sell one of
their own out if it meant getting at us. So, where does
that leave you and me?

SoS: Like I said, we want to help.

Second Speaker: We seem to be doing a pretty good
job without you. What makes you think you can help us?
Just knowing who we are and what we're doing doesn't
qualify you. I know lots of humans who know who and
what | am, and I sure as hell wouldn't take them with me
to... correct a problem.

SoS: Yes, well, our point is that perhaps we can help
you deal with the problem without too many people
losing their lives. I'm sure you don't want that.

Second Speaker: You mean without killing people?
Where's the sense in that? We leave people alive and
they'll just start over again. We've learnt that mistake in
the past. This time we have to shut the place down for
good and we can't worry about any monkeys getting
killed. There are just too damn many of you, and most
of you serve him.

SoS: Serve who?

Second Speaker: The Worm

SoS: Is that... the Devil or something?

Second Speaker: You really have no idea at all
what's going on, do you?

SoS: Help me understand. I know some things. I
know that something bad is happening at the power
plant. I know there are things in there that aren't
human. And I know that you've been trying to get rid of
them. That's what me and my people do.

Second Speaker: People? You're a team? What are
you, military?

SoS: Uh... no. I have a small group committed to
the same ends as me... and you. But we're ordinary
people... more or less.

Second Speaker: And you're their elder?

SoS: Um, yes, you could say that. I would
prefer "manager" but elder will do, I suppose. Are
you an "elder"?

HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

Second Speaker: (Laughs) No, not by a long way. If
I survive long enough, maybe. Still, it looks like we both
have that in common. We respect our elders.

SoS: I'm not sure they always respect me, but we do
seem to be able to work together. There's one thing that
concerns me, though. We do what we have to, and we
acknowledge that it sometimes means breaking the law.
We don't believe in killing innocent people, though.
We can't condone that.

Second Speaker: And just how do you define innocent?

SoS: The innocentare untouched by the corruption
of the world. We can see the corruption. We try to deal
with it: the walking dead, ghosts, vampires....

Second Speaker: Wait, you can see other things for
what they are?

SoS: Is that a problem?

Second Speaker: Damn right it is. (Sound of chair
being scraped back?) What in the Mother's name are
you little man? Answer this carefully or I'll knock that
grey-haired head off your shoulders.

Tunes Fatt Rear

Letter from Manisha to Joshua Talbot

Kirsty was suspicious from the start. I didn't pay
any attention. I mean, she's a real paranoid bitch at
the best of times, right? I didn't expect her to fly off
the handle so soon. When we saw that the pub was
closed, she wanted to abort and get away. Paul had
already knocked and been let in, so there was noth-
ing for it but to wait. The bug we'd put on him was
just as good today.

Things went bad so fast, I didn't have time to think.
But Kirsty moved, fast. We were sat in the car, listening
in on the conversation, when suddenly she swore. I
looked around and saw a man and woman moving
toward the pub. Then I was seeing them that way, even
though I hadn't switched it on. They were werewolves,
both of them. The same ones I'd seen in the house.

"They're coming for Paul," Kirsty said. She was angry.

She scrambled out of the car, pulling something out
of her coat before I had a chance to stop her. She had a
shotgun and fired. The black haired man fell. His chest
was a bloody ruin. It was horrible. The woman changed,
becoming a massive thing like what I saw at the house.
She ran right at us. I could have sworn we were both
going to die.

Kirsty emptied both barrels into the monster and it
just kept coming. Where the hell did she get that gun?
I had no choice. I let the light out of me. One of my
tricks. Kirsty yelled something and the monster stag-
gered around trying to find us. It was howling in a way
that made me want to run there and then. I didn't,
though. Kirsty needed the light. Just staying was one of
the hardest things I've ever done.

She flipped her gun around and brought its butt
down on the creature's head. It roared in pain and she hit
it again. Her gun broke, but the damage had been done.
The creature collapsed and looked like a big dog.

Even as I let the light go, I saw Kirsty walk toward
the man, who was struggling to get to his feet. She pulled
asmall gun and shot him twice, looking right in his face
the whole time.

That's when I realized fog was rolling in. It wasn't
natural. It couldn't have been. It was filling the car park.
Kirsty and I looked at each other for a second when we
heard a crash. The back door of the pub flew open and
Paul ran out. He was terrified.

Turears

Taped conversation from SoS29

(Loud noise. From outside?)

SoS29: What was that?

Second Speaker: Gunfire. Those friends of yours?

SoS29: I... I... don't know what you're talking
about. I... I'm sure they wouldn't.

Second Speaker: You're lying. I can smell it. If this
has anything to do with you, I'll kill you.

SoS29: Oh my God... he just... vanished.

Letter from Manisha to Joshua Talbot, continued

Paul screamed at us to get into the car and drive.
Even Kirsty obeyed without question. She slipped into
the driver's seat. Paul was getting into his own car when
another werewolf came out of nowhere behind him.

Kirsty shot through the open window of our car.
It was enough to save Paul's life. The thing's claws
missed him and tore up the car. I tried to find the light
again as I leapt out of our car and ran toward Paul, but
it wouldn't come.

Paul shouted about it getting back, and suddenly the
creature staggered away, as if something pushed it. Paul
dove into his car and flew out of the car park.

I screamed at Kirsty to go as I ran to get back in,
expecting her to follow Paul. I was wrong. She drove
past me, straight at the werewolf. She slammed into
him and crushed him against the wall of the pub. She
crawled out of the wreckage, bleeding badly from a
cut over her eye. One of her arms looked broken. But
still, she pulled out her gun and emptied it into the
trapped thing. Then we ran.

She made a fist with her good hand, put it in the
pocket of her coat, punched through the glass of a car
parked outside the pub, and told me to get in. She'd
taught me how to hotwire acar before, and told me to get
it right or we were dead.

I did it. We were on the road quickly. The fog was
getting thicker and heavier. The cold air coming in
through the broken window chilled us both. Kirsty


passed out shortly afterward. I headed for London and
prayed that Paul was doing the same.

Prey

Transcription of message on Joshua Talbot's an-
swering machine

"Josh, it's Paul. We need help. I don't know where
Kirsty and Manisha are. I'm in my car. I'm lost in the fog
and I think they're after me. God, it's getting thicker. |
can't see. Shit! Shit! The engine just died.... I can't get
it to start.

"C'mon, c'mon.

"Josh, we need you. We're in Suffolk near—

"Oh, God. Oh my God, no!"

In Memoriaw

From the Journal of Joshua Talbot

The funeral for the man we knew as Sixofswords29
was one of the most depressing events I have ever had
the pain of attending. This happens too often. It should
be me in that box. I'm the one who's supposed to die
young, so why is it always others who die first?

Maybe I'm fated for something else. Maybe the
survivors are the unlucky ones. Talking of survivors,
Manisha was there with me in the rain, watching them
put Paul's body in the ground. Kirsty's in hiding for the
time being. A few of Paul's neighbors noticed her
coming and going from his house and now she's wanted
for questioning. Big surprise there. Manisha's refusing to
tell me where she is, and that worries me. Paul seemed
to keep her under control. Without him? I'm not sure I
like to think about it.

It was a pretty bland service. His son spoke for a
while, doing well for a kid in his early 20s, and his wife
cried a lot more than I expected, given how
acrimoniously they separated. Looking at herreminded
me of why I don't let Penny get too close. One day, it'll
be me in the ground.

It was a closed casket. Paul's body was in such a bad
state when they found it. The police have it down as a

CHAPYERS:BECOMING PREY

bad road accident caused by the fog. It all seems con-
vincing enough, but I know better. The local farmers are
up in arms about it. Not because a man is dead, but
because they think their livestock is in danger if cars hit
them. Callous bastards.

Ironic isn't it? A man dies trying to save humanity
and all people care about is their own bullshit. Paul
annoyed the hell out of me sometimes, but he deserved
better than this. He gave up pretty much everything,
and now he's given up his life.

I can't carry on his work directly. There's too much
linking him and meas it is, not to mention that my group
has problems of its own to deal with right now. I've been
in contact with some others and they've agreed to help.
Manisha gave me her and Kirsty's relevant material at the
funeral. All that's left to do is box it up and send it out.

See you soon, Paul.

Subject: SoS29

i} From: witness!

} To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I regret to inform the list of yet another death.

Sixofswords29 died two days ago, on the trail of

i} what we believe were shapechangers. Stellal 42 will
post more information shortly.

| Many of you knew SoS29 by reputation and by
his posts. Some of you met him in person. Indeed,

some new members were introduced by him. Thisis

a loss to us all. Many months ago, he suggested that
} the list numbers of fallen members be left empty out
of respect. In memory of him, 29 will remain un- jf
used, as is now our custom.
Witness]
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: bookworm55
Subject: Re: SoS29
Ihave no words. He was a friend, a thoughtful }
and open-minded person, and a real asset to the ff
cause. Rest in peace, my friend. You've earned it.



It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn
of death shall devour his strength.

— Job 18:13

Tue Wico Hus

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: ticket312
Subject: Wolves

Iknow noteveryone on this list reads every post that
comes along. Those of you who do read this one — get
everyone you can to read it. This is really important.

I don't think any of you remember Kayaker319.
She posted here a few times, mainly about beast-men
and her experiences with them, and then she dropped
offline for a while. I talked with her a little off-list.
Really short stuff.

Anyway, I got anote from her about two weeks back
and she didn't sound good. I mean, not that you can tell
over email, but she seemed like she was really close to a
breakdown. At leastas faras I could tell. She said she had
some information and I needed to get it out there. She
said she didn't have time to type it up, that she was after
a missing partner, and she'd left what she had buried off
the Blue Ridge Parkway. There were these GPS coordi-
nates to find it. That's all I got. It sounds kind of mental,
but on this list, what doesn't?

So I got a GPS tracker and drove six hours to the
coordinates. I found six little mini-tapes, along with a

handwritten note: "Not everyone who hunts wolves is a
hunter." I didn't know what that meant until I listened
to the tapes.

There's stuff on them that we all need to hear. I'm
posting the transcripts. For God's sake, read them to the
end. Hope and pray for Kayaker319, and use the infor-
mation she got us as best you can.

GRUMBLING

[reansenirr i]

This is... this is an audio log of my attempt to track
down my partner. He was a hunter like us. He didn't use
hunter-net, so he didn't have a handle there. His name
is Charles Rawlings, and he's... missing. Presumed
"turned." It doesn't seem possible, but I think he's gone
over to the enemy. Willingly.

The two of us went on our first hunt together a week
ago. I mean, we'd started earlier, but a week ago was
when we confronted that thing. A werewolf. It lived in
acabin. We came up on it when it was drunk, and... it
didn't have much of a chance. He shot it several times
and that was that.

It was late at night... and we knew there was a
chance the shots might have been heard. So, we got set


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

to leave... or I did. He said he wanted to make sure he'd
gotten rid of any evidence. I went back to where I left my
car... but I had a bad feeling, so I stopped at the bridge
and I waited to make sure he got out okay.

I waited for him for an hour, and knew something
had to have gone wrong. His car was still where he'd
parked left it, where he and I walked the half-mile to the
thing's cabin.

I went back to the cabin and he wasn't anywhere to
be seen.

I looked inside and...the body had been skinned.
Head to toe. I... I wanted to throw up, but couldn't. All
I could do was get out of there.

It was... it was just like they described in the
"Skinner" killings, that bunch of murders on the news.
I've reada lot about them lately. What I saw was just like
the others. When I got back and checked the reports, I
found that... that the victims were all runaways, home-
less or unidentified people. Could... could they have
been werewolves? Or was our target... our victim... a
werewolf at all?

I knew he wasn't human, but I guess he could have
been anything that I've read about online. I relied on
the word of my partner that it was a werewolf. I think
that I saw him show fangs, maybe claws — but he never

changed into an animal. I'm doubting myself com-
pletely here.

I now believe my partner was — is — mentally
deranged. I don't know if he snapped with the stress or
if he was off-balance from when I first met him. I never
got any... warning signs about him. Maybe I'm the
insane one.

I... I'm making this record of what happened, and
I'll continue to record everything I find. If there's one
thing I still believe, it's that Rawlings had the right idea
when he said recording our discoveries would benefit
someone after us. I only hope that... if I can't find my
partner and bring him home, that whoever comes after
me will be able to learn from this.

Skins

I didn't try to contact Rawlings — or anyone else —
for two days after finding the... body. I was afraid. When
I finally got up the courage to try and reach him, he was
unavailable. His receptionist wasn't working at his of-
fice. The answering machine said that due to a personal
crisis, he'd be unavailable for an unspecified amount of
time. The answering machine at his house didn't even
say that much.

I don't have a hell of a lot to go on. I've tried
staking out his house, but I just don't see any activity
there. He must have taken his wife someplace. Maybe
on a vacation.

So, while I'm waiting for him to come back, if he
does, it's back to doing some more... reading.

The Skinner. He's like some kind of urban legend.
Never hit the same town twice, and picked off people
here and there. Nine victims — only nine victims that
ever got found, I bet.

The first one was in '88. They didn't find a second
until '93. They were so far apart, the cops didn't think
they were related. But then there were more of them.
One in '95. Two in 96. Another in '97, and then three
in '98. Never the same place twice.

And... and like I said, they fit a pattern. The
victims either didn't have any immediate family, they
had left their families without warning and hadn't
been seen for years, or they were completely unknown.
It's entirely possible that they were werewolves. I... I
find it very easy to believe that they were. None
seemed to have been killed by stabbing, strangulation
or anything that would require the murderer to be able
to overpower them. Seems like normal people would
struggle like hell out of fear.

Inour last conversation, before we actually went after
our target, my partner suggested that werewolves weren't
born, cursed or infected... but made. He said something
about a wolf skin that caused the change being the most
realistic or... attractive way of becoming a werewolf.

I think he believed it. But maybe not that the skin
had to be a wolf's. He may have decided that it had to be
a werewolf skin.

People skin wolves all the time. Alaskan wolf hunt-
ers do it. Nobody thinks anything about it. Why wouldn't
someone like Rawlings do it, too?

The answer... as near as I can figure, is that maybe
it's too hard to find a werewolf that lives like a wolf —
those are the ones that live in packs. The werewolves
that live like people, even if they don't live "normal"
lives — maybe they're easier to find and isolate. Easier
to kill. That was the only thing going in our favor.

I'm left believing that the Skinner, the serial killer,
was someone trying to re-enact whatever ritual makes a
werewolf. Without the ability to hunt down a wilderness
werewolf, the Skinner tracked down the human kind...
or people he believed to be werewolves. Was he insane?
He killed wolves and then started onto people? Was he
one of us... imbued?

Whatever made him do... things like that... it must
have gotten to Rawlings, too. I can't believe that it was
Rawlings himself.

SIFTING

[Yransenier 2]
I guess this is my first update. I hate to say it, but I
haven't got much of anything yet. Same message at his


office, same message at his house. Nothing. I even tried
going up to one of his neighbors and pretending that I
was having some kind of emergency marriage crisis, and
Ireally needed to know where he was. Still nothing. All
I got was some old bat telling me when her church had
meetings. So fucking nothing there.

The cops don't seem to have had any more luck
than I have. I don't know if that's a good thing or not.
They've put a statement in the paper every other day,
but it keeps getting moved farther and farther from the
front page. Maybe it's because the editor figures people
are getting less and less interested in hearing the same
old "still no real leads, but we sure are trying" story. Or
maybe it's just because people see it for the bullshit it
is. They never caught the Skinner, and I guess people
figure they never will. Sure makes it easier for someone
to follow in his footsteps.

I started trying to find out who Rawlings was before
all this. I'm no private investigator, so what I could come
up with was basically not much more than just using the
Internet. | knew his full name. That was a big help. Still,
there's more than one Charles Arthur Rawlings out
there, which just goes to show how difficult it's going to
be to find him.

Rawlings is from Georgia originally. He was middle-
class. Got his degree from Duke University. Pretty much
went right into marriage counseling after that. Married
not too long after college. I wasn't able to find out
anything about his wife other than her name: Lisa
Rawlings. If....
keep your ears open for that name. I still don't
she is. Rawlings always talked like she had no
idea what was going on — like his wife wasn't "one of us."
I don't know how close they really were, and since I don't
think he could just out and out tell her what he'd been up
to — what he did that night — I... I'm just worried.

They don't have any kids, which is... kind of
weird. I mean, they're old enough, and they're conser-
vative, and they went to church at one time. It's not
something we talked about, but... I guess I just don't
know many people his age that decide not to have kids.
Maybe they couldn't.

I don't think Rawlings was much of an outdoors
type. I mean, he wasn't out of shape, but he was more the
kind to do some jogging than to spend a lot of time
hiking or something. So that means... that probably
means he didn't hunt when he was a kid. He probably
learned to skin. He probably learned recently.

I ran some checks on disappearances, animal at-
tacks — those kinds of things — comparing them to the
various places Rawlings lived. It was a long shot, and it
didn't pay off. Pretty unfair — life turns out to be like a
horror movie in all the bad ways, but you never catch a
break in a good way. I guess whatever his first encounter

CHAPYERG: INYO HELL

with a werewolf was, it didn't make the papers. I guess
that means nobody died — or was found.

I wish I knew just what his first encounter was like!
Why the hell would it send him running to look up
books about witches and werewolves, and why would it
drive him to skin a man —a werewolf? What did he see
that made it all so tempting?

And why the hell is he the only one? I mean, on
hunter-net, you don't hear much about people who
start to sympathize with the monsters. Maybe some-
body talks their way through a situation instead of
shooting, but that's it. How many more of us out
there are being tempted? I just don't understand it.
I looked at that skinned body.... I saw it lying there
on the floor, and all I felt was sick. When I saw it
while it was alive, I didn't admire it. I didn't want to
be it. It was a monster!

I don't understand at all. But I have to if I want to
catch up with him before... before anything else happens.

If it hasn't already.

Revetavion

[raanseeirr 3]

Goddammit, I am such a fucking idiot. I...

Idon'teven know for sure he was one of us. I mean....

I don't know if Rawlings was chosen. I don't know
if he ever got the call. When I described my first time, |
remember that he kind of looked confused, but then just
kept talking. I took it for one more of the things that we
don't understand about the real world. We know so little
about the things, why wouldn't my story sound strange,
even to another one of us?

But he never told me about his own contact. He
never explained just what set him after werewolves. |
guess I wanted to allow him that much privacy. God
knows the things we see... and do. He just seemed to
know. He... he had a wife, for God's sake. Nobody told
me monsters could live normal family lives. | mean, it
doesn't make sense. I never figured he was one of them.
But now....

Fractures

I guess there might have been holes in his story from
the beginning, if I'd looked for them. I've only ever
worked with two others who confessed to being changed.
They were the only ones I ever even met face to face.
And talking on hunter-net — don't get me wrong,
whoever's listening, it seems like the best thing we have
going for us, but it's not the same. Some people like to
be secretive, I guess, so they don't put themselves and
their families at risk.

Right now, I understand how they feel.

But the point is that we don't really ask each other
the hard questions. We don't want to make anyone

a &

HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

telive what they've seen and done. We just assume that
we understand what each other has gone through. But
what if that means we don't understand each other atall?
I mean, is it possible that some of us are working with
people who never heard the call, who just happened to
be in the wrong place at the wrong time, and who
stumbled across other people who know? Are there
others out there who hunt monsters even though they
never got told to?

Come to think of it... that notebook Rawlings
talked about, the one someone gave him — whatever
the hell she was —it was supposedly all about werewolves.
He never said there was any other kind of information in
it. Nothing on ghosts or rots. Nothing but people that
turn into animals. Maybe that's not too far-fetched.
Maybe whoever did that research just specialized.

But we never really talked about anything else. I
told him once that I didn't see too many rots in the city,
like other hunters say they do. He said he didn't see the
use of hunting other things—

Oh my God. He said he didn't see the use of hunting
other things, "even if they were out there and we could
find them."

He... he can't have gotten the call. How could he,
if he could say something like that? 1 mean — we have
to do something about all the creatures. That's... that's
the whole reason we're here. And about not being able
to find them—

Rawlings can't see. I kind of wondered about things
he said. I thought maybe he missed things. That he had
his nose in a book too often. I thought maybe he just
didn't have the sight as strong as I do. But... maybe he
never had it in the first place. All he had was guesswork
and research.

Okay. When we were tracking down our target, he
acted real funny. Not like Eric or Tom did. When we found
the place where our target ate, we set up outside. We, uh,
we pretended to be sketching the town, like for art class or
something. And when the werewolf drove up and got out
of his truck, Rawlings just... he said, "That matches the
description. I think that's him." I looked at the guy that
way... and there was no mistaking it. He was wrong.

But... but when I said, "Yeah, he's not human,"
Rawlings seemed... impressed. He asked me what else I
could see, and I looked harder. I told him that the guy
sort of had the look of an alcoholic to him. That he had
blotched skin and a gut.

Atthetime, I... I mean, I've heard what some others
claim to be able to do. I thought maybe Rawlings just
couldn't see the way I could. But...

But I don't think he had the sight at all.

And then there's the marks. He never used them.
He never once mentioned reading a message from an-
other hunter in the code, or leaving one.

I... I put the mark, the one that means "Friends" on
my car not too long after I was called. Like people put
American flag stickers on their cars now. It just seemed
like the thing to do. When I met Tom and Eric, they
recognized it. Tom said, "Never hurts to advertise, does
it?" And... he laughed.

Sorry. I should stay on subject. Tom and Eric both
noticed the mark. Eric even said he'd probably put the
same thing on his truck. Rawlings, though. I don't think
he ever noticed it. I mean, we both met before driving to
that cabin, but...

I feel like I'm really reaching here. Goddammit!
What ifhe saw itand he thought it was just a band sticker
or something? If he didn't recognize the mark, and he
didn't have the sight, something had to be wrong. But —
he knew. He knew the truth.

Inrecri0n

So... so what was Rawlings? I mean... what is he, if
he isn't one of us? I don't know. | never looked at him
with the sight. I was careless. I mean, he obviously wasn't
arot... and] don't think he's a ghost ina living body. We
met during the day. Ghosts can't come out during the
day, right?

Whatever Rawlings I think he started
out normal. And like I said, he was never interested in
anything other than werewolves. He had to have some
connection to them.

Battery275 mentioned... he mentioned that people
who are bitten by a changer might be infected, that they
could change themselves. Is that what happened to
Rawlings? Maybe he thought I'd been bitten too, and
that's why I was hunting werewolves.

God, it'd make sense, wouldn't it? If he thought Eric
and Tom and I were all out looking for revenge... if he
thought we were survivors, looking to kill the thing that
bitus before... before... don't know. I don't know what
would happen next. I don't even know if I'm right!

I mean... I guess he could just be human. Justa lucky
person. But he acted like we shared a secret or some-
thing, like we were related. I don't know. I thought he
was talking about the imbued. That's why I believed
him. That's why... that's why I never looked at him. So
he must have thought we were alike, too. Whatever he
figured made him different, he figured it happened to
other people, that there were others out there like him.
Just like I did.

Andif... he was something else, either part monster
or all monster, then... I told him so much. I told him
about hunter-net. I told him I could get him on the
mailing list if he wanted me to. I told him things about
myself, about the rest of us... and now that he knows,
who else does? Who gave him that notebook? Is he going
to pass it on to someone else? Is he going to add
everything I told him?


Jesus, the notebook. I don't even know for certain
that he got it the way he said. This woman, just handed
it to him? But... why would he make up something like
that? If he just got the information himself, he could
have said so. Why lie about it?

God, trying to figure out what he was thinking, I keep
realizing that | was the same way. We compared notes
because we each thought we had the right idea, that we
were hunting monsters for the only reasons there were.
But he wasn't one of us. It's... it's making me scared. |
don't know what the Messengers or whatever are all
about. I don't know if] was supposed to run into Rawlings.
I don't even know what I'm supposed to do! (sobbing)

I... I'm sorry. I shouldn't be acting like this. I'm
going to let you all down. (crying)

Please, I'm so sorry that I put you in danger like this.
I... I'll bring him back. I will. I won't let this go. Please
forgive me.

Gonvacr

[eansenirr 4]

He lied to me. He fucking lied to me. He told me he
got all his information from one of us. He told me he got
it from someone who wanted him to use the information
to defend people. Shit, no. He got his goddamn book
from someone who wanted him to kill werewolves and

wear their skins.

CHAPYERG: INYO HELL

I met her.

She was one of them.

I'm... I'm going about this all wrong. And I guess
I''mnot being fair. Rawlings didn't actually tell me he got
the notebook from a hunter. I just assumed that's where
he got it, and he never corrected me. Or maybe I wasn't
even making sense to him....

I woke up today and found this note shoved under
my door. Itsaid, "Rawlings is fine. He's doing well. You'll
be able to visit him soon."

It said, "You're doing very well. Would you like to
talk? Today? I'm afraid I don't have another copy of the
notes I gave him, but we can chat in person."

There... there it was, like a date. In the park. In
mid-afternoon. Broad daylight. I could tell right away
that whoever wrote this note wasn't afraid of me in
the least. I...

Oh God, I was so terrified. I still am. I mean, I'm still
alive, but she knew — knows — where | live!

I had to go. She probably told him about the
werewolf we killed — that he skinned.

I was shaking so hard. I threw up before I even left
the apartment...

But I got there. I had my pistol in my purse. The one
Daddy gave me when I went off to college. For protec-
tion. I didn't ever need it in college, but now.... 1 knew
that if I shot her in public, I'd go to jail, and nobody


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

would ever believe me, but... it would be better than
some of the things that could happen.

When I got there, I... I was kind of late. I was so
nervous, I was looking all around with the sight —I guess
I really hoped I wouldn't see anything. No such luck.

Icouldsee her clear as day. It hurt to look at her. She
was a wolf-thing, and her fur was all kinds of colors —
brown and red and black, all in patches. And her eyes...
it hurt to look at them. I had to shut my eyes tight, to
clear my head, to see her the way she wanted me to.

And there she was, smiling at me.

The woman is white, about 5'9". Built like a runner:
flat-chested. Sharp chin. She looked like she was in her
30s. Brown hair, in a braid, bangs. Some freckles. If you
see anyone who looks like that, check her with the sight.
If you can, take her down.

I don't think she really was one of us, even though
she said so. She never said a thing about the call or about
anything that'd make you think "Messengers." She just
talked about her family like it was my family. I've never
thought of hunter-net as my family.

Dammit, I'm doing this all wrong. Ourconversation's
ona separate tape. Sorry. I don't have access to anything
that would let me put them together here. All I can do
is keep buying tapes and mark them in order. Listen to
what she says and decide for yourself if beast-people are
our enemy. They may say that they start out as people,
but I don't believe it.

She knows where | live. I don't think I can go
home anymore.

[Yeansenrer 5)

Stranger?: "Hello. I was hoping you'd show up."

Kayaker319: "Oh, yeah? Why? So you wouldn't
have to hunt me down?"

S: "I'm not saying that at all. I'm glad you decided
to come. It takes the decision out of my hands. We have
a lot to talk about."

K: "Yeah. Yeah, we do. Where's Rawlings? Where's
the guy you gave that notebook to?"

S: "It's all right. We're watching him. He's going to
be one of us now."

K: "One of you? What the fuck are you?"

S: "We're a family. We're the family on the outside,
the ones who are going to be the future."

K: "The future? The future of what? The future of
the human race? The future of the world?"

S: "Temper, temper. You don't really want to start
a fight with me. You're still human, I'm afraid. I'm not.
Not anymore."

KG... shit."

S:"That's right. So let's just talk. Like... girlfriends.
All right?"

K: "I'm serious: What are you?"

a>

S: "You've probably guessed already, haven't you?
We're werewolves. We've earned the privilege to run
in wolf skins by our own hand. We've passed the test.
We're the future of our race, and we might just be the
future of yours."

K: "What, you mean that you kill a werewolf and
wear itsskin, and you become one yourself? It's that easy?"

S: "(Laughs) No, it's not that easy. Nothing worth
having is. That's why we don't just do it for you... for
people like you, who are ready to come and join us. If you
can earn it on your own, you're worthy. You'll change."

K: "What? I.... Back up. ‘People like me?' What the
fuck do you know about people like me?"

S: "Ordinary people don't know we exist, because
they don't want to. They can't handle it. If you showed
them apicture of one of us, they'dnever believe it was real.
They'd claim you faked it. Of course, that doesn't mean
we're not careful. There's no point in drawing too much
attention. But an ordinary person wouldn't be able to
stand knowing. They believe, deep down, that we exist —
but the truth would make them panic. Except fora special
few, that is. People who've been touched, like you."
Kinpreo Spinirs

K: "Oh, God. You know."

S: "(Laughing) Of course I know! I was one of you!
Thad the blood in me. I knew the truth about my family.
I knew I was destined for something more. And I proved
it! You see?"

K: "About... your family?"

S: "What else? Ah... but some people don't under-
stand right away. Rawlings was one. He didn't know the
truth about himself. He only suspected. You must be one
of those as well. Don't worry, dear. It'll come with time.
I have great hopes for you."

K: "Okay. Right. I'll... take your word for it. You say
you were once one of ‘us'?"

S:"Yes. Perhapsnot directly, but... akindred spirit."

K: "Right. And then... you got contacted. Some-
one taught you how to... how to change yourself."

S: "No. That was something I had to learn for
myself. I had to learn what I was looking for, and how to
achieve it. They left hints for me. They helped me make
the... they helped me gather the materials, although I
didn't know it at the time. I should have known it
wouldn't be so easy without them watching."

K: "So... the werewolf Rawlings killed. You helped.
You set him up in some way?"

S: "Yes. Oh, don't get me wrong — that was still his
kill. His trophy. The danger was still there. But without
us running interference for you... I'm afraid you never
would have made it out of there alive. Two ordinary
people against even a solitary werewolf? Impossible."

K: "You... sound awfully sure of yourself. All... all
it takes is a silver bullet."


S: "That's the theory, isn't it?"

K: "What?"

S: "All you know is that silver kills them. You don't
really understand the truth. You could find out. You
could reach in your bag there, pull out your gun, and aim
it directly at a vital organ — nothing else will do. But
that's all you'd get to do before I'd change and pull you
limb from limb.

K: Is that a threat?

S: Of course not. I'm just making a point.

K: So... if people like... me kill a werewolf, it's
because people like you help? Because you've watching?
Making it possible?"

S: "Sometimes. There aren't that many of us. There
are... others who might help you kill one of our cousins.
But they wouldn't let you go on your way afterward."
Frcrions

K: "Wait. I'm trying to understand here. First you
say that you're a family on the outside... so you're not
the main family or something? How many groups of
you... your kind are there?"

S: "Curious little thing, aren't you? Hmm. Let's
just say there are three. Two are at war. The third — we
don't care a damn thing for their war. We're more
interested in finding our own way, and in helping
others come along. Trust me, we're not your enemies,
not like the others."

K: "And they're the ones who hunt humans."

S: "Oh, yes. They've hunted you forever. Since the
beginning of time."

K: "So, cave-paintings.... We once knew for cer-
tain you were out there."

S: "Yes. Humanity once knew. That's why you still
have legends of werewolves. As I said, humans still
know, ina way — but they don't want to believe it. They
shut their eyes to the truth. Only your eyes are open.
That's why we have a... an affinity for you. We were
once alike. But the others — they don't know what it's
like to be human. They don't even care."

K: "So, the other groups... how do they spread? Do
they pick out their own chosen people and—"

S: "(Snarl) None of your goddamn business!

(Wealmost lose the signal; Kayakerbreathingheavily.)

S: I... I mean.... (cough) They have their own
ways. Believe me — you don't want to know. They're
not willing to share their power with... stock like you.
We're the only ones who are willing to show you how to
take the power with your own hands, how to claim the
blood-right for yourself."

K: "Why...? Why share? Why teach us how to kill
werewolves, when you're werewolves yourselves?"

S: "Because each of us was taught by the First — and
he wanted us to spread the gift. He wanted us to teach

you. He wanted you to take the blessing for yourself.
And so do we. Oh, we were very quiet at first — we were
never as bold as we've been with Rawlings, or as bold as
I'm being with you. There used to be more tests. There
used to be so many tests, and so few people judged
worthy. But then, we were attacked. Many of us were
lost. Not all of us. But then we knew... we knew we
couldn't keep on like that. We had to recruit more..."

K: "Wait. Attacked? Who did you mean by ‘they'?
People like me? Like... like you were?"

S: "People? No. Only they could have hurt us the
way they did. The others. The old families. Their war
wasn't enough for them. They had to reach out and kill
us, too."

K: "Other... beast-people?"

S: "Say it."

K: "Other... werewolves."

S: "Yes. Other werewolves. Threatened by our
presence. Unwilling to share their power, their gift.
Jealous of our success, and afraid that we would replace
them. And they should be, because we will. It's only a
matter of time. You understand, don't you?"

K: "I.... All I understand is that you killed a
monster — monsters — so you could become one
yourself. You didn't even hate what they were. You just
wanted it for yourself."

S: "Of course I wanted it for myself! They don't
deserve the gift — they deserve to die! You know they
do! Why else would you have gone along with Rawlings?
You didn't even know what you were, or that you could
become like us, and you knew that werewolf had to die!
And it was easy, wasn't it? Now you can do it again. You
can do itagain and get askin of your own. Youcan be one
of us, part of a true pack. I'll bring you in myself. You can
call me ‘big sister.' You'll be family."

K: "No."

S: "No? Aren't you listening to me?"

K: "I understand now."

S: "Understand what?"

K: "You.... You're scared of them. You're scared of
the others of your kind. You're afraid that they'll catch up
with you, and they're more powerful than you. That's why
you let people like Rawlings try to work out the magic
spell themselves — because if the others come and kill
Rawlings—orme—they won'tknow you're responsible.
You use others to protect yourselves. You're cowards!

S: "(Growl) Enough!"

(There's a crashing sound. The stranger's voice is
deeper, more like a snarl, but with words in it.)

S: "We are not afraid of the others! This is our world
now, not theirs! You'll see! Go to his house and see what
he's hidden! Go see what he found! Then you'll know
the truth — and you'll be back."


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

K: "No!"

S: "Yes! You're already one of us! Yousee us for what
we are. You've been chosen! Then you'll come. You'll
gather your skins and you'll come."

(There's nothing more than heavy breathing after
this point, and then the recording stops.)

[Yaansenrer 6]

I don't have time to talk much. But like | said, I'm
going to continue recording.

After I met the... werewolf, I risked going home,
packed an overnight bag and started sleeping in my car.
1 was terrified that she'd find me again, and that was the
last thing I wanted. I hope she hasn't followed me since.

I stayed in my car for three days. It wasn't easy.
Around here, most of the places you can park all night
without anyone saying anything are... well, they're on
back roads, near the woods. I wasn't able to sleep much
atall, and eventually I figured I wasn't any safer — I was
just making it harder on myself. So, today I went home.

She'd been there again, although this time she'd left
anote in the mailbox. There was a key ring inside, with
the address of Rawlings' house and a code marked "for
the alarm." Like I didn't already know where he lived.

Every nerve in my body is screaming "Don't go,"
that it's a trap — but I don't see what choice I have.

(This section of recording stops here. Then the
following section begins.)

I wish I had a better solution than this, but I'm just
not smart enough to think of anything else. I'm inside
Rawlings' house. The key and the code both worked.
There's no sign that anybody's been here recently. I
checked the fridge and the expiration dates on things
like the milk are past. There's one car in the garage. I
think it must be his wife's, but there's no sign of her.
There are dishes set out for cats — but no cats.
Everyone's gone.

I'm more than a little freaked out. It's just a house.
It's clean, for God's sake.

Found what must be the basement door. It's locked.
The other key works. I don't know, I've seen too many
movies. This is ridiculous.

Where's the light? Ah....

Holy shit!

This is it. There's... there's, like, an entire bookshelf
here full of books. Covers a wall. And a desk, a chair,
and... there are these notebooks on the desk.

Okay. There are three books on the desk. They're all
hardbound journals, like you get in bookstores, but one
of them's kind of beat to hell and another one looks...
older. That one's got a title. "The Diaries of Zeerne,"
kind of burnt into the cover, like with a magnifying glass
orsomething. Shit. I.... Maybe "Zeerne" is some kind of
name he's chosen for himself. Some kind of occult name.
Maybe it's the notebook he was talking about.

Oh, fuck, that's not it at all. It's all filled with
diagrams, and what look like poetry or lyrics. Words I
don't know. Voras... Dratoesim.... What the fuck is this?

This is it. The beat-up one. This is the one with all
the lists of, like, bookstores and book titles and authors.
I don't really want to take this with me. That's what she
wants. But I guess the list of stores might help me find
Rawlings if he goes back to any of them.

Okay, the third one... is his journal. His personal
notes. His handwriting is fucking terrible. Should have
been a real doctor. Maybe he wrote about where he's....

The...s

The last page is addressed to me. Oh my God.

"My Dear April,

"I apologize that I couldn't be here myself to talk
things over with you. Unfortunately, I can't take that
chance. There are windows of opportunity that remain
open only so long, you see. They can't be delayed or
postponed, any more than I can delay the moon from
rising. And yet, I feel that I should explain a few things.
That's why I asked my friend to give you the keys and
security code, so you would come here and understand.
I wanted you to see for yourself. After all, we are kin,
and I think we are of the same mind when it comes
down to it.

"You have no idea how difficult it is to actually find
someone like us who isn't already under the thrall of the
werewolves. It was something I first found out in my
reading. They watch those with the potential and con-
trol them. Most of our kind live as slaves. That, or they
have no idea they have the potential. Only a few of us get
this kind of opportunity. I did, and now you have, too.

"I did have a friend who knew Eric Wyatt. That was
no lie. When I started asking about the strange circum-
stances surrounding his death, I realized he was a werewolf
hunter. And when I found out that not one, but three
people went hunting a werewolf, that only one survived
— and that she had not gone mad — I knew | had to
contact you. I got your email address from Wyatt's com-
puter, and I made contact. I don't regret it for an instant.
In fact, I hope you will come to understand implicitly.

"At first, | had my doubts. Your experiences were
quite unlike the ones I had. I wasn't sufficiently sure of
myself yet that I dared tell you everything. I especially
couldn't afford to mention the ritual itself until I was
certain that you hadn't been compromised by the other
factions. And I admit that your reference to some sort of
"call" mystified me. 1 wasn't sure if | was somehow
deficient. But that didn't prove to be the case at all.

"I'm not deficient. You are the exceptional one. It's
a rare gift to be able to hear the voices from the other
world, but that's what you have. You are guided in a way
that I can only envy. I'll return to explain more once I'm
ready, if you'll allow it. Don't worry. We'll keep an eye
on you.


"As for me, I hope you'll understand that I don't
really have words for what's coming. I can't distill
down the ritual itself here. Nor can I really summarize
all the things that led me to it. But I feel you should
know that it is asacred thing. A holy sacrament. I have
no option but to accept. It was meant to be used by
people like us. I suppose I don't even technically know
for certain that it will work. But I have the utmost
faith. It took me a long time to figure out just what my
place in the world is. Now I believe it will be a
homecoming of sorts.

"I worry that you might not understand yet, but I
think you will. You have such potential. You have gifts
that will serve you well in your new life, should you
accept it. I would like it very much if you followed in my
footsteps. Please use the books in my library. I won't be
needing them fora while. Learn from what I've learned.
Apply your own insights. This is a chance almost none
of us receive. Remember when we first met, you told me
you'd received a message from the spirits about under-
standing? There is no better way to understand a person
than to walk a mile in his shoes. Or, if you'll pardon the
play on words, his skin."

It's true. It's all true. He was never one of us. He
never heard the call. He was... he was something
else. Whatever he was, I don't know, but he thought
I was one of them, too — just like I thought he was
one of us.

How long did he know? Was he looking for books on
werewolves even before he knew what he was? Why did
these — these other monsters — why did they want
someone like him? Do they —do they want us, too? Can
any of us really make the change?

And if we wanted to... would it turn us into some-
thing like him?

These books. We need to look out for them. Maybe
we can find the answers here. Titles... you may need to
know the titles. "An Encyclopedia of Occultism." "Songs
of the Waning Moon." "The," ah, "The Yellow Truths."
"Die"... shit, that one's in German. I can't pronounce it.
"The True Luper...calian Rites." "The White Curtain."
"Trimesti... Trismestigus." "Chronicle of the Black"...
Aw, fuck. This is all...

Idon't care. I know] shouldbe recording all this, but
I just don't care. Somewhere in all this is the book that
pushed him over the edge. It... It all has to burn.

Ticket3 12's notes: That's where the last tape ends.
I tried checking back with her, but I got nothing. I made
some calls, and I found a story about a house in the right
place burning down. The residents — the Rawlings —
were nowhere to be found.

Ifanyone out there runs across Kayaker, or anything
related to all this, please post your information here as
soon as possible. We need to know more about what
she's learned, and more importantly we need to help her.


These things know we're here, and they have some kind
of interest in us. We need to fight this however we can.

Hunr's Eno

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: lark364
Subject: Kayaker319

Hi. I know it's been a long time since we last heard
anything about Kayaker319. The woman who went hunt-
ing for her partner, a man who was trying to make himself
intoaman-beast. I tried to keep my ear to the ground, like
everyone else, I guess. | almost forgot about it until this.

hope nobody gets really upset with me, but I've got
this friend in the FBI. We grew up in the same small
town, dated in high school, and I still sometimes invite
him over when he's got some free time. So we talk
sometimes about his cases. And he described one out in
the Pisgah National Forest that sounded like a ritual
murder, I guess. Like some kind of Satan-worshipping,
horror movie thing. After I got a rough location out of
him and checked out the area.

I thought I was being really careful. I guess I wasn't,
because on my third night, this woman shows up right
out of nowhere, ona trail about a quarter-mile from the
nearest campground. It wasn't hiking season, so no one
else was around. She was looking at me like she expected
to find me there.

I did what any of us would have. I looked at her. I
mean, something like that happens, you expect it's a
monster ready to kill you on the spot. She didn't look
like a monster, but she didn't seem right, either. She
looked a little sharp around the edges, just a little wild.
I was ready to run when she asked me, "Are you looking
for your friend?"

I don't remember exactly what I said. Something
clever like, "What friend?" I guess. And she said, "The
woman who was tracking down the skinner."

I nearly freaked out. | remembered that on the
transcripts, Kayaker said something about this woman
werewolf approaching her. I tried to remember what
she described about the woman, but couldn't. (1
looked it up later. They weren't the same. This one
was blond, and younger.)

Anyway, I asked her how she knew about that,
and she told me it was the sort of thing that "her
people" paid a lot of attention to. Then she reached
into her pocket. I went for my gun, but she spread her
hands to show me that she wasn't armed. She set this
thing down on the ground, and backed off. "This is for
you," she said. "It's all right. You deserve to know
what happened." So I came forward to pick the thing
up, keeping my gun out.

It was one of those micro-tapes. Unlabeled.

I guess the look on my face must have been some-
thing even at night, because this woman just said sadly,
"I'm sorry." She started backing off like she was leaving.
Ilowered the gun and called after her. I asked her to wait,
that I had questions.

Wrong thing to say, I guess. She tensed up and gave
me this look. "What do you want from me? Do you want
to ask me questions about my people?"

I kind of waved the tape at her and said, "She really
wanted to know about you."

"So did he," she said. "What were her reasons? The
same ones that brought you here with a gun?" She said
something like that, anyway.

Itried to explain, but it just set her off. "You want to
know about them? They're our family. I've been in love
with one since I was a girl. I'm going to marry him, even
though I'm going to sit up every night praying that he
comes home, begging for him not to get killed. What do
you want to hear? Do you want me to tell you things that
make you his enemy?"

There was nothing I could say to that. She just gave
me this proud look, turned and left.

I almost started after her, but I got this real bad
feeling. It felt like the whole forest was watching me, like
I was prey.

So, here's the tape. I tried to type it up like Ticket312
did. I hope it helps answer some questions. I'm just sorry
it all came out like this.

Yue Rruat

[Recording begins.]

It all has to happen tonight. The books say that
all the skins have to be taken under the same moon.
It's the half moon, same as when we killed that
werewolf and Rawlings took its skin. The notebook
he left me, his journal... it was all in there. I don't
know if he realized he was leaving me a trail to follow
when he decided to leave me that letter. Maybe he
expected me to show up tonight. Maybe he's farther
over the edge than....

I need to focus or I'm going to get myself killed.

I'm at a campground in Pisgah National Forest.
This is one of the weekends when they close the park
to campers. The rangers are sure to have gone home. I
didn't have any difficulty slipping in. This is the place
mentioned in Rawlings' notes as the ideal site. Appar-
ently, there have been no sightings of so much asa large
dog in the area. This is the half moon he needs. It has
to be tonight.

I haven't seen his car, but that doesn't mean any-
thing. There are all kinds of places to park out of sight,
especially at night.

1... I don't know where his wife is. She isn't
important to the ritual. She might not be here. She


might not know. She might not be alive. | don't
know anything about what he's thinking right now
— only that he wants this thing so bad it's taken
him over.

[She doesn't say anything for a while.]

Shit. I might be lost. God damn it. I can read the
map with my flashlight, but there's not enough light to
make sure I'm on the right trail.

[She stops talking again. She's walking the whole
time. [ hear brush and tree branches being pushed aside.]

1... [ hear something...

It's like chanting.

[She starts moving faster. If] turn up the volume all the
way, I can hear the chanting. Sounds like just one person.]

Oh, shit...

Rawlings!

[Ican hear the chanting clearly in the background
now, even without the volume all the way up. It
doesn't stop.]

Rawlings! It's me! Don't do this! For God's sake, don't!

[The other voice — "Rawlings" doesn't say any-
thing] recognize. It's like a foreign language, like German
maybe. He's chanting faster and faster.]

Rawlings! Charles! Listen to me! You have to sop!
For the love of God!

CHAPTERG: INYO HELE

[The chanting gets louder, like she's getting closer
or maybe he's shouting. Then he howls. Not like a wolf's
howl, but like a man imitating a wolf.]

Charles! Where's your wife, Charles? Where is she?

[He yells something I can't understand.]

Stop!

[This is hard to get straight. There are several sounds
at once: a snarl; a shriek and three gunshots, about a
second between them. There's some crashing, the sound
of something being hit, and then I don't hear anything
but some heavy breathing until Kayaker speaks again.]

[She sounds shaken] It's... done. I... I've shot
Rawlings with silver bullets. He came at me... with his
teeth and nails. I think he believed he was transforming,
but he didn't. He never changed. He's lying here...
wrapped in... these skins.

I think there's... still time. I have to get everything
together. Burn it all.

No.... [Whispering] They're coming. It's too late.

I... I don't have any choice. I'm going to have to
reason with them. Maybe they'll be the true-bloods, and
they'll understand that I was trying to help...

Shit. I... I have to get rid of this recorder. They'll
kill me if I have it. Oh, Jesus...

[Recording ends.]



ERT: RULES AND STORYTELLING

For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not

spare in the day of vengeance.

— Proverbs 6:34

Werewotves: THe Y Ruri

Jeremy Sutton pushed his wet hair out of his eyes and for
the hundredth time that evening wondered what the hell he
was doing out in the rain, instead of sitting in front of the TV
with a beer in his hand. He had to be insane. He glanced at
the sign on the wall again. A seemingly random collection of
lines and dots that inexplicably shouted "man-beast" to him.
Yeah, he was insane all right.

He shifted position, trying to ease the growing numbness
in his legs as he crouched behind a dumpster. This was damn
stupid. And yet, he was determined not to move until he'd
seen something more than that sign — anything that sug-
gested what was going on in the building he watched. Despite
the rain. Despite the cold. Despite the fact that he was an idiot
who didn't know what was good for him.

And then the door opened. Sutton let out his breath
slowly, daring a peek. One guy. In a suit. Rich looking
bastard. Arrogant. Sutton dipped back down behind the
dumpster and gathered his wits for another look. This time,
he'd look the other way.

On a count of three. One, two...

Sutton felt a wave of panic come over him. The urge to
run was almost overwhelming.

"It's a changer. An animal pretending to be a man," he
thought desperately. He tried to retain his sense of reason, as
if accepting the mere possibility of the creature's existence
meant standing up to it.

And in that moment, Sutton knew he was in way over
his head.

For millennia, humanity has been afraid of the
wilderness, of the isolated places where civilization
doesn't reach and predators make weaker creatures prey.
There's a reason for humanity's fear. There's a reason
why the people of the World of Darkness huddle in cities
and hold back the night with artificial light. There's a
reason why they build thick walls around their homes
and purge their streets of trees.

Once, they were the prey. Werewolves and other
changing beasts considered the world their own and
hunted humans like animals, culling them like sheep.
People don't recall that time, but somehow they remem-
ber it deep down inside, on a subconscious, instinctual
level. And they can't cope with the concept. They block
itoutand find false security in the artificial shelter they've
created for themselves. They unwittingly lie to them-
selves and believe they are at the top of the natural order.

Hunters are different, however. Although once just
like everyone else, the imbued have been reminded —
perhaps forcibly — that monsters exist and stalk the
world, that humanity once was and still is a prey animal.
Whereas other people ignore and hide from the truth,
hunters are "blessed" with a comprehension that is mind-
numbing toanyone else. Whateverstrength or protection
the Messengers grant, it keeps hunters from abject panic
in shapechangers' presence. Whereas other humans are


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

overwhelmed by defense mechanisms and run or turn a
blind eye, the chosen are able to stand, see and reason.
Thatresistance doesn'tstop the imbued from being afraid,
though. A looming, fanged killer is still a looming, fanged
killer. A hunter simply retains his faculties in circum-
stances where other people lose their wits.

But whatare these monsters that treat humans the way
modern people treat wild game? Why do they walk as men,
and what are their goals? Read on, and you'll learn all you
need to know. This chapter gives you the Hunter rules,
references and advice you need to make your portrayal of
werewolves and other werecreatures vivid and intense.
Players

If you're a player, not a Storyteller in your game,
please stop reading here. While it's hoped that you have
enjoyed the previous chapters, which show ways in
which your character could discover and interact with
beast-men, what follows is for the Storyteller's eyes only.
Reading any further will only spoil your own enjoyment.

Waar Tuy Are

Werewolves in the World of Darkness are not quite
the ravening man-beasts of movies and legends. They're
arace apart, related to humanity and natural wolves but
distinct from them as well. They can assume different
physical forms, ranging from man to wolf, and including
various combinations between.

Their differences from humanity extend further than
the fact that they are a physical a mix of man and beast,
however. Werewolves tend to harbor a burning rage, their
predatory instincts focused intoa fury that they turn on their
enemies, whether rival beasts, people who inflict harm upon
the world, or creatures that seek to destroy the Earth.
Harnessing this rage makes these beings amazingly fast and
strong, and they can heal ataphenomenal rate. Indeed, most
can shrug off a gunshot wound within a minute or so.

And yet, werewolves are as intelligent as any human
being, and they fight with reason, cunning and tactics. Their
tendency to work in groups called packs makes them fright-
eningly effective as combatants, and as a combat force. A
group of hunters working together may hope to take down
one ormaybe two werewolves, but probably nota whole pack.
Perhaps even more daunting is that these shapechangers
combine human intelligence and deceit with a wolf's under-
standing of the natural world, dominance and submission,
anda casual propensity for violence. Although the creatures
can think and plan like humans, any sense of human
compassion or mercy can be absent when itcomes to the kill.

Surprisingly, these raging beasts also have a spiritual
aspect and regular dealings with a spirit world they call the
Umbra, a shadow of the real world. When hunters see
werewolves "vanish" into thin air, the beings actually "step
sideways" into this spirit realm. Hunters are unable to see
there or follow, being inhabitants of the physical world
alone, so werewolves simply seem to fade from existence.

XS

WN
Nv


Werewolves believe themselves to be partially creatures of
this other world, and it is the source of their spells, which
are taught to them by the denizens of that realm.
Unlike the ferocious werebeasts of legend,
werewolves don't reproduce by spreading their infection
through their bite. Instead, they breed with a type of
human or wolf that already carries the shapechanger
bloodline. Werewolves can be born of humans or wolves
who carry this dormant lineage. A mating between a
werewolf and a human or wolf produces the best chance
of birthing a new full-blooded werewolf, for pure bloods
are born only occasionally. If they bred more easily, the
world might be overrun with them by now.
Werewolves tend to congregate in groups that work
and live together, and which call themselves septs. The
majority of septs make their homes in the countryside,
although some dwell in cities. Most septs have a particu-
lar holy place in or near their residence where they
venerate the inhabitants of the spirit world. Some
groups of werewolves keep families nearby that haven't
developed pure blood for breeding and support purposes.

Mooncicur ad Sicver

How true are the various legends that surround
werewolves? Well, we've already established that they
don't spread their condition by their bite. A werewolf bite
is savage, painful and often lethal, but not infectious.

Do they shift into their "wolfman" form under a full
moon? No, that particular piece of superstition is inaccu-
rate, and liable to get a hunter killed if he thinks it's safe to
gooutunderanew moon. Themoon doesaffect werewolves,
however. Their ability to change forms and use spirit magic
is driven by the burning anger they feel over the corruption
of the pure, natural world by humanity and other forces.
This anger rises and falls depending on the phase of the
moon. Their fury is often at its peak during a full moon,
which is one possible explanation for the legend that has
sprung up about the time of their transformation.

Are werewolves vulnerable to silver bullets? Yes. In
fact, all forms of silver are inimical to these beings, to the
point where they are hurt merely by its touch. Weapons
made ofsilverare particularly deadly and feared. Werewolves
go out of their way to conceal this fact from other creatures,
and the only way a hunter may have of testing the theory
is trying it firsthand in combat. Not only is that foolhardy
at the best of times — if a werewolf confronted with silver
isn't killed outright, it certainly kills its attacker — doing
so also means gathering enough silver to make an effective
weapon. That's no easy task for any hunter on a budget.

Origins

Where do werewolves come from? Not even they
know for sure. While werewolves have existed alongside
humanity asa separate species since prehistory, they have
no way of knowing exactly how they came to be.
Werewolves don't live much longer than humans, and

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND STORYTELLING

most die young as nearly all warriors seem to. They
preserve legends of animals and humans being combined
to make the Earth's chosen protectors, but they have no
way of knowing whether these stories are true. Although
an inquiring Visionary might seek to comprehend the
origins of werecreatures, she is hard pressed to find any
accurate information — even from the beasts themselves.

Waar Tuey Wanr

As mentioned previously, werewolves venerate the
denizens of the spirit world. They ultimately believe
themselves the servants of a great mother spirit of the
planet whom they call Gaia. They base their lives on the
assumption that this mother spirit commands them to
protect her from harm and corruption.

Werewolves identify all forces of corruption and
entropy with the name "the Wyrm" and tend to blame
everything from pollution to environmental damage to
human sexual perversion on the Wyrm's insidious influ-
ence. They seek to fight Wyrm-inspired phenomena
and Wyrm-tainted beings wherever they perceive them,

Hunvens AND 1H Spiny Wort

You may have noticed that very little is said
here about the spirit world that werewolves some-
times visit. There's good reason. From the moment
of the imbuing, hunters are barred from the spirit
world. Something inherent to their new existence
or awareness keeps them in the physical world
alone. A werewolf cannot carry a hunter with her
into the spirit world. None of a werewolf' spells
take a hunter into the spirit world. Nor can any
magic item. The Messengers, for reasons best known
to them, may want to keep hunters focused on this

| world; the imbued cannot be taken into the spirit
world by any means whatsoever.

Furthermore, second sight and observation
edges such as Witness or Discern do not allow
hunters tosee into the spirit world. Once a werewolf
has gone beyond, it's gone from hunters' awareness
until it returns to the physical world.

As an optional rule, if a werewolf uses a trick
from the spirit world that affects the physical world,
a hunter may glimpse the werewolf when power is
used, assuming she has second sight active. The
creature appears hazy and only for the trick's acti-
vation or duration, whichever makes more sense.
Hunters are unable to use any edges against such
otherworldly werewolves.

(Perhaps the only exception to all these rules ff
regarding the spirit world applies tothe infinitesimally
few Hermits out there who have manifested the
Transcend edge. See Hunter Book: Hermit, p. 90.


HUNTER: THE MOONSYRUCK

whether the shifters' suspicions are correct or not. Hence,
the kinds of attacks on various factories and power
plants that Sixofswords29 investigates in previous chap-
ters. Werecreatures' goal is to return the planet to its
ideal natural state, unblemished by the scars that tech-
nology, pollution and humanity have left.

Anadmirable goal, you might think. Wrong. Saving
the Earth is far from the same thing as saving humanity.
As far as the majority of the werewolves are concerned,
people as a whole are pawns of the Wyrm. Many believe
that ifhumans were culled —oreven largely wiped out—
the battle for Gaia would be all but won. Indeed, many
agesago in the very age when man wasstill prey, werebeasts
did exactly that. With no heroes to protect it, humanity
was utterly defenseless against werewolves' fangs and
claws, and untold numbers died in purges.

Now, as the World of Darkness spirals ever deeper
into chaos, despair and perhaps The End, the werebeasts
grow bold again. Humanity throngs ever thicker on the
face of the Earth. Some werewolves feel it's time for a
second great culling. Others are simply casual in their
disregard for human life. If a person dies under their
claws while they seek to destroy some corrupting spirit
or entity, so be it. There are so many humans that the
death of one or a few is inconsequential.

Few hunters are prepared to stand by and let such a
callous slaughter of people go unanswered.

Waar Vits Means

Werewolves' ideal of "fighting against corruption" is
pretty nebulous. How does it actually manifest in human-
level terms that hunters understand? Mainly, it comes
down to property damage. The most blatant signs of
"corruption" that humanity spreads are the towering office
buildings, cookie-cutter suburban sprawls, belching facto-
ties and ubiquitous shopping malls that proclaim modern
mankind's presence. For reasons best known to themselves,
werewolves take particular exception to some structures
over others and do their best to destroy them. Sometimes,
it's a building under construction. Sometimes, it's one
that's been standing for years. The only factor that might
seem to be held in common isa bad pollution record or the
destruction of an area of natural beauty.

This destruction and loss isn't measured just in money,
but in human lives: employees and security staff, innocent
bystanders, visitors and anyone else who happens to wit-
ness an assault. Why have these attacks not inspired
outrage by now? The whole thing has been hushed up by
monsters in positions of power to keep their existence a
secret. After all, if werewolves were revealed to the masses,
vampire or ghost puppet masters would be equally jeopar-
dized by any witch-hunt that arose. Or, werewolves' crimes
against humanity go unrecognized because mankind's own
natural defenses against the supernatural kick in. People
don't remember an attack by werewolves. They remember
an attack by feral dogs, a murder spree by a serial killer ora

mentally ill person having a psychotic episode. Or they
don'tunderstand what's happened at all. The human mind
simply cannot bear the truth, and the facts become blurred,
misunderstood or forgotten. Hunters, however, with their
awareness of reality and Herald-granted ability to resist
supernatural fear, may seek justice.

Corporations and structures aren't the only possible
targets of werewolves' wrath. Some creatures root out the
corruption at the source and may strike at significant
individuals within a company, or at politicians if they
promote infection as werewolves perceive it. Maybe atown
councilman campaigns for the location ofa landfill nearby,
or a public-service group insists that purifying chemicals
should be pumped into a water source. Werewolves tend to
consider these individuals "tainted" and the cause of fur-
ther corruption. Some of these people might have the best
intentions at heart or may actually be in league with the
Wyrm and appear wrong to second sight. It doesn't always
matter how truly "evil" an enemy is to enraged werewolves.
They seek to kill or destroy him for their own purposes.

So, if you think werewolves are fanatical eco-terror-
ists with an animalistic twist, you're part of the way there.
Werewolves also have a strong spiritual side, they main-
tain close relations with extended families, and they
harbor a deep desire to cherish and protect the natural
world. They are not one-note bad guys who break shit.
Their values can be understood. Even their methods can
be sympathized with, and whether their methods are
extreme or exactly what's called for is up to each hunter.
The bottom line is that these beings have their own
complicated needs and motivations, which, if given more
than a superficial reading, are quite understandable.

Toe Birva of a Werewotr

The majority of werewolves are born as normal
human children. For all intents and purposes, they're just
that. Only as they approach puberty do problems arise.
They become more surly and uncommunicative — even
moreso than the average teenager. Other children start to
become uncomfortable in their presence, sensing the
predator emerging. The burgeoning werewolf becomes
aggressive and angry, and often he isolates himself.

Then bad dreams start as the spirit world reaches out
to the young person to expose him to his heritage. Finally,
in one moment of blind rage, the youngster undergoes his
first change, revealing his werewolf nature.

Soon after the change, other werewolves arrive to
collect their newly changed brother. Sometimes, other
werewolves are informed by the youth's family members,
who have raised the child on the creatures' behalf. Some-
times, existing werewolves are told about the newcomer
by spirit-world entities that watch over the child. Once
the new werewolf is found and put somewhat at ease, he
is taken to live with others of his kind and is trained in
their ways. To the mundane world, these adoptions can


So, what do werewolves think of these strange hu-
mans that stand firm and occasionally strike back? As a
race, shapechangershave yet to really notice. Werewolves
have been around since the dawn of time. They know all
there is to know about humanity, or so they think. Most
of them have yet to encounter hunters.

One reason for this oversight or misunderstanding
is that werewolves perceive nothing unusual about
hunters. The imbued seem perfectly normal until they
activate edges with overt effects, or until hunters are
perceived to be obviously resistant to the supernatural
fear that clouds most humans' minds. Even then,
werewolves don't understand what hunters are. If any-
thing, changers assume these people are werewolf
relatives — those who carry the blood and who are
similarly immune to "the fear." Or maybe hunters are
fellow shapeshifters who have yet to undergo their first
change and whoare still unaware of their own heritage.

For young werewolves, ones who have undergone
the first change in, say, the past 10 years, facing a hunter
can be a disturbing experience. Many imbued are pow-
erful or cunning enough to be a problem for a young
werewolf. Hunters can interfere with sabotage efforts or
witness events that a werewolf would rather went unob-
served. Nottomention thathunterscan pose asignificant
threat if they work together as a group. But can such a
beleaguered changer really go back to his colony and ask
for help? There's no glory in killing an ordinary human,
and once a hunter is dead there's no evidence that she
was anything other than anormal person. Reputation is
very important among werewolves, and damaging it to
ask for help in dealing with mere humans is unthinkable.

Thanks to these social implications, many encoun-
ters with hunters simply go unreported in the werewolf
community. Even shifters who come across the imbued
and successfully persuade theireldersthatsuch thingsexist
are patted on the head and told that they just failed to

recognize a wizard, a leech's blood slave or some other }f

long-established denizen of the world.
And even if the werewolf community does slowly

become aware of hunters, some are likely to view the jf

imbued in much the same way they do any offense against
the natural order: asa sign of spreading corruption. Others
| may regard hunters as new, if uneasy allies in their struggle
for a purified world. After all, hunters can prove just as

interested as werewolves in destroying such obvious can-

cersas vampires and the walking dead. Maybe the twocan.

H} find common ground, But the question is: When might
hunter-werewolf allies become at odds over what they
believe is best for the world and humanity?

See "Building Better Monsters" in the Hunter

Storytellers Handbook (p. 47) for more advice on
how to understand werewolf perception and "under- f

standing" of hunters.

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND STORYTELLING

look like kidnappings or suspicious disappearances, al-
though police investigations never shed any light on the
matter. Hunters, with their ability to perceive and cope
with shapechangers' existence, might be more successful.

Werewolf organization is not what it once was.
Whereas shifter numbers used to be sufficient to find all
first changes, they're so few now that unchanged
werewolves can go unnoticed or forgotten. Perhaps the
parents know nothing of their child's heritage, spirit-
world watchers desert their post, or werewolves' war with
the Wyrm precludes them from gathering a newcomer.
With noone to guide him, asolitary young werewolf often
gives in to his feral instincts and goes on a rampage —
perhaps thereafter existing in confusion, frustration and
fear for years. Such rogues can be the focus of hunters'
imbuing and immersion in the supernatural world.

While werewolves are never human, many live a
human life until their first change. They understand
human society and how it works. In human form, they
can move freely among other people as if they were
normal themselves. Hunters who seek to open a dia-
logue with these beings can play off that mutual origin,
using itas common ground and the basis for other shared
beliefs or values, even if other hunter and werewolf
experiences are as similar as night and day.

Ovner Birvus

Not all werewolves are born of humans. Some are
born among normal-seeming wolf packs in the few
places left in the world where such animals run wild.
There, future werewolves grow as normal cubs until they
reach sexual maturity at a few years of age. Then, they
start challenging other wolves in the pack. Some are
successful and rise to become pack alphas. Others fail
and are driven out to become lone wolves.

Whatever happens, these feral creatures eventually
experience asufficiently stressful situation —an encounter
with human game hunters orastruggle for turf with another
pack or prey animal — that they undergo the first change.
From that point onward, it's clear that the beings are not
normal wolves. They can assume human and other forms!
They have to deal with a sudden influx of reasoning ability
that totally transforms their relationship with their
packmates, just as human-born werewolves have to deal
with new animal instincts. Some packs do their best to
drive out a werewolf, sensing that it is no longer one of
them. Others sense that the werewolf is more powerful
than they are and submit to it as pack alpha. Sooner rather
than later, other werewolves find these "feral-born" and
teach them about their existence and new life.

Unlike human-born werewolves, wolf-born ones
have little ability to pass as human. While they have the
right looks in human form, they have no comprehension
of the subtleties of human interaction and are notic
ably rude, direct and odd in their manner and thinking.

a es!


Just So We're Cuzar
No one who carries the werewolf bloodline is

parent, uncle, aunt or child that is a werewolf or that
is werewolf kin. The Messengers simply never choose
anyone with such close ties to the supernatural.
This proscription also applies to sexual interac-
tion with a werewolf. (Given that werewolves are
| living beings that can assume human shape, it's
possible for other people to have sex with them.) A
} hunter cannot become pregnant by a werewolf, nor
| can he impregnate one. Perhaps the fact of being
} imbued precludes the supernatural from perpetuat-
ing in this way, or the Messengers do not allow the
} imbued to achieve a lineage with monsters.
The point is, no one with such physical ties to
} shapechangers can be imbued. They cannot even
i} become bystanders.

Athirdbreed exists, aswell: those born of two werewolves.
These creatures are rendered disfigured and sterile by their
unnatural birth. Theyare raised in the company of werewolves,
and while they have some understanding ofboth human and
wolf society, they don't quite fit into either.

Tue Breeds

The birth form of a werewolf influences more than
just its socialization. It has a profound affect on thought
processes, capabilities and role in werewolf society.
Huwan-eork

Werewolf society is dominated by the human-born.
They are by far the majority, and they wield that influ-
ence over their brethren. Werewolves asa whole therefore
tend to behave in more human-like than animal fashion
— holding gatherings to discuss issues, preserving leg-
ends through oral and written traditions, and debating
courses of action rather than immediately and unilater-
ally resorting to violence. That is, they tend to behave
in human ways until they lose their temper.

Human-born are by far the most likely to agree to
communicate with hunters who approach them. They can
even identify with hunters' predicament to a degree (assum-
ingsuch open lines of communication can be achieved with
the chosen). They too were plucked from a normal life and
dropped into a war in which they didn't ask to participate.
They also go through a period of struggle to come to terms
with what's happened to them and with the new knowledge
they have. It's essentially a false link, though. The human-
born usually have the resources of a whole community and
the passed-down knowledge of generations to help them
adapt. Hunters have none of that support structure.

Human-breed werewolves do not regenerate dam-
age in their human form. One well-placed shotgun blast

can actually kill a human-born werewolf while she's still
in human form.

Wotr-eonn

The wolf-born are a dwindling minority in werewolf
society. As their race increasingly upholds human ideals
suchas politics and discussion, the "feral-born" feel increas-
ingly marginalized by the direction their kind take. This
alienation creates problems, because the wolf-born favor
direct solutions over debate and involved plans. If they
believe something is wrong and needs to be dealt with
sooner rather than later, they act without thought for long-
term consequences. They also show less compassion and
sentimentality than the human-born. Existence as a wolf
leaves no room for such perceived weakness. Obviously,
such forthright beliefand action leads to conflict with other
werewolves who do defer to talking and planning.

Hunters are extremely unlike to encounter wolf-
born who are amenable to dialogue. These werewolves
are the most likely to mercilessly kill humans, whom
they believe are the root of the world's problems. To
many wolf-born, hunters' resilience and edges are clear
signs of corruption. Letting such people live, let alone
talking with them, is unthinkable.

Wolf-breed werewolves usually have no techno-
logical skills and cannot regenerate damage while in
their pure wolf form. They are rarely comfortable in
human shape, although they are physically indistin-
guishable from their human-born cousins in that form.
WenewotF-born

Changer society at large regards the werewolf-born
with disdain. Werewolf mating with werewolf is against
their fundamental laws, which exist to prevent such cross-
breeds from arising. Eachandevery "mule," aswerewolf-born
are often called, has some major deformity —a twisted arm,
hunched back, complete lack of body hair or some sort of
mental disability. They are derided and treated as second-
class citizens as other werewolves regard their distortion as
a sign of the corruption that shifters fight as a whole.

Given their outcast existence, werewolf-born are
actually surprisingly amenable to approach by open-
minded hunters who seek to understand these beings.
Estrangement from mainstream werewolf society and
bitterness over their lot makes these beings willing to
accept the friendship of others. Whether such a relation-
ship can prove useful to a hunter is up for debate. A
werewolf-born, unlike a vampire, wizard or one of the
walking dead, was never human in any way. It may look
human (although its disfiguration carries over into hu-
man form as well). It may even have lived among people,
but it was never a human child and has no idea what it
means to be truly human. That gulf in understanding may
be too much to bridge. Concepts of attending school,
struggling with teen angst or dating may elude the being.
And if any member of the werewolf's community learns


Mumm... Tasty

Contrary to legend, most werewolves do not eat
human flesh. They quite happily tear chunks out of
any hunter who opposes them, but they don't actu-
ally eat them. Consuming the flesh of humans drives
werewolves mad, slowly but thoroughly, and their j
society prohibits doing so.

Like all prohibitions, this one is occasionally
broken. A maddened werewolf, intelligent yet de-j
ranged, that stalks humans through city streets and
eats them would make a perfect antagonist for a
hunter group, especially one bent toward violence
against the supernatural.

System: Any werewolf that eats human flesh
gains a derangement from the Hunter rulebook or
any of the creed books. Anytime the creature is in
combat with a human, a successful Willpower roll,
difficulty 8, must be made or the beast makes bite
attacks in an attempt to feed again. If even one such
bite succeeds, the creature gains another derange-
ment. Only one ailment can be gained per meal
(encounter with humans), even if the werewolf eats
several people at one "sitting."

that it has spoken with "one of those strange humans," the
outcast is likely to be pressured into driving off or killing
the hunter, under threat of suffering the same fate.

The werewolf-born are truly terrible in combat.
They can shift to man-beast — half-human, half-wolf
— most easily of all the breeds and can regenerate
damage in any form.

Tue Lire oF a WEREWOLF

Contrary to expectation, werewolf existence is fairly
structured. Although many changers do not have the prob-
lems of mortgages, alimony ora demanding boss to deal with
as many hunters do, some who cling to (orhide behind) their
old lives do. They may have the debts and obligations of
human society to deal with, as well as their mission to fight
whattheyconsiderthe degradation ofthe world. Werewolves'
structure of obligation exists on a number of levels.

Tue Pack

Like hunters, werewolves tend to work and operate
in groups. That doesn't mean they always travel in
numbers, just that most work in small groups of three to
seven. The so-called lone wolf is a rarity in the World of
Darkness. (She's usually an outcast based on her breed-
ing, acrime committed against the community or because
she was overlooked upon her first change.) Any hunters
who take on a werewolf assuming it to be working alone
are probably in for a deadly surprise.

Different werewolves have different roles toplay in their
groups, or packs. Whereas hunters are defined by their

ie

attitudes and approaches to the hunt, werewolves are de-
fined by their capabilities. There tend to be combat, magic
and communication specialists within any pack, and the
response a hunter gets when approaching a pack member
can be determined by that monster's role in its group.
Warriors are typically uninterested in anything beyond
fighting, for example, although an aggressive hunter might
beable to finda point of reference toallow forsome dialogue.
Magic specialists might believe that hunters have some kind
of tie to the spirit world, thanks to their edges, and seek to
learn what it is. Communicators might be interested in
talking to hunters whoseek toaid or understand werewolves.
The sheer fact that the imbued don't go catatonic may be
enough to pique a communicator's curiosity.

Such encounters should never be straightforward,
though. Despite pack roles, werewolves' very bestial
nature means any discussion may simply be a prelude to
an informed attack.

Virtually no hunter group stands a chance of taking
down an entire werewolf pack in a pitched battle. The
creatures are just too well adapted to combat and too
resistant to harm to be defeated. Judicious use of edges and
tactics might allow hunters some small victories, but they
do well if any of them escapes alive. Confronting hunters
with an entire pack is pretty much a death sentence. As
Storyteller, you can emphasize how pack members work
together while avoiding a full gang face-off. Warriors
might be sent in when something or someone has to be
destroyed. A magician might act when spells can give the
pack an advantage in position or information. Commu-
nicators get involved by doing the talking and investigating
asuspected vein of corruption. Observing such specializa-
tion among werewolves lets hunters understand that the
creatures are organized, and that maybe fighting isn't the
only solution to problems with them.

Tue Cotony

Werewolves' central community is their colony, also
called a sept, which is composed of many packs. This
overriding group is usually based in a place that members
consider holy because of its purity and ease of access to the
spirit world. The majority of colonies exist in isolated
wilderness areas, their sanctity protected in part by their
distance from humanity's influence. Yet, most large cities
contain at least one or two colonies of werewolves, based
in parks or hidden gardens and surrounding buildings.
Much as hunters try to convince themselves that
werewolvesare astrictly rural phenomenon, they're wrong.

Hunters are extremely unlikely ever to infiltrate a
werewolf colony to any significant degree. Changers don't
leteven their immediate thin-bloodkin, letalonea hunter,
within sight of a holy place. The presence of a colony is
most likely apparent to observant hunters due of the
number of deaths, attacks on factories and other commer-
cial premises, and mysterious disappearances in an area.
Such information might, after extensive investigation and

a =

HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

guesswork, allow the chosen to approximate a center of
werewolfactivity, assuming hunters even know whatthey're
looking at and for. But even knowing the general location
ofa werewolf hive doesn't do hunters' much good. A direct
assaultissuicidal. Atbest, informed hunters could keep tabs
on werewolf activity in the area and perhaps try to keep it
from extending too far.

In chronicle terms, introduce the idea of a colony into
your game only if you want confrontations with werewolves
to be an ongoing theme. Once hunters learn of such a place,
they're unlikely to just turn their backs on it or hope that it
will go away. Indeed, suspicion and discovery of a werewolf
colony is likely to lead to a body count if hunters are rash.
Observation of multiple werewolves in the area or a large-
scale werewolf assault upon local vampires can be sufficient
to warn hunters off any direct tactics against a colony.

Herivace

Asalready discussed, werewolves reproduce by breeding
with humans and wolves that carry some werewolf genetic
material. Could hunters with a scientific background track
downsuch genes? Probably not. First ofall, isolatingany gene

evenamundane one—anditsrelationship with the body
is a fantastically difficult process that requires years of work
and expensive equipment. Only a fraction of the genes in the
human genome have been explored. Added to thatis the fact
that this "gene" might not exist in the traditional human
genome at all. It could be a function of werewolves' super-
natural nature and may not be detectable by human science.

On the whole, werewolves tend to breed with the
same groups of families. The result is that, over time,
distinct lineages of werewolves have emerged. They
have each adapted to a niche in the modern world, and
avery few experienced hunters might just begin to recog-
nize the distinctions between them.

Gry Wowves

Just as many animals from rats to foxes, pigeons to
ducks, have adapted to city living, so has this bloodline
of werewolves. These wolves rarely mix with the high
society of urban culture, preferring to prowl among the
dregs where they can stay better hidden and pursue their
agendas freely. There, the wearisome problems of killing
investigating policemen and intruders are diminished.

These urban creatures breed with street people and the
poor. More information about what's really happening in
the world ispassed around by folks on the streets than in the
boardrooms of big firms, and the city werewolf knows it.
The homeless sneak under most people's radar and can see
and learn things that ordinary people overlook.

City-based hunters should have more encounters
with these werewolves than they do, given that both
tend to live in the same places and may even travel in the
same circles. Like all animals that survive in the city,
however, these werewolves are damn good at keeping
their heads down, their activities hidden and their

secrets their own. A hunter who spends months chasing
evidence of suspicious happenings and who finds it leads
not toa wily shambler or manipulative vampire but toa
vagrant werewolf may be in for a fatal shock.

Teenno Wotves

Werewolves on the whole reject mankind's science
as a sign of humanity's fall from the purity of the natural
world. These werewolves are different, using technology
with an almost gleeful abandon. Whereas most changers
are hostile to the concept, these creatures believe that
technology itself is not the culprit, butrather humanity's
misuse of it. They think science can be used to help
correct the human problem. Everything from handheld
computers to submachine guns is this bloodline's stock
in trade. They're as capable of fighting tooth and claw as
any other werewolf. They just choose not to.

These werewolves are almost exclusively city dwellers,
but unlike their city-wolf cousins, they choose to breed and
mix with the upper echelons of society — people with the
power, influence and authority to further the werewolves'
cause, not to mention their access to the really good toys.

Techno wolves make surprising adversaries for hunt-
ers. They're as likely to strike back at the imbued with a
pistol oraslashed credit rating as they are to shift into man-
wolfformandleap to theattack. It's this clash of appearance
— a raging beast — and reality — a cunning corporate
predator—thatcatchesmost hunters flatfooted. A werewolf
responsible for corporate decisions that cost people jobs,
that worsen the economic situation of a town, or that lead
to injury or death may attract alert hunters' attention.

Fawiey Wotves

Werewolvesneed nonwerewolffamily members with
whom to breed, or the race would die out. This particular
group of wolves makes looking after breeding stock,
human or wolf, their primary duty. These creatures live
much closer to their kin than do others of their kind, and
tend to act in conventional human ways. They drink,
dance and fight with a passion that some of the other
more pragmatic bloodlines lack.

The family werewolf can encounter hunters with a
fair degree of frequency, as far as such meetings go. The
creature mixes with relatives, who in turn mix with
human society. Any interaction between a predator
clothed in human flesh and humanity is bound to be
fraught with problems and lead to potentially serious
flashpoints that draw hunters' attention.

Indeed, family wolves' obsession with breeding and
conceiving more werewolves leads to a casual attitude
toward sex. In theory, any human could be kin, so is worth
breeding with. These beings can go so far as commit rape,
especially when alcohol is involved. They can also pressure
known family members to breed out of obligation. Many
kin, accustomed to modem society's attitudes, may resist
such advances and seek out friends or acquaintances — but


Ot
ct

abe" '
sates

almostnever the authorities—to help them. Those friends
or acquaintances my just turn out to be hunters.

And yet, family wolves' desire to protect relatives may
motivate them ally with hunters when mutual threats,
mundane or supernatural, arise. A hunter and an inhuman
member of the "close" family down the street may need to
work together when malicious spirits haunt the neighbor-
hood. There's certainly room to inspire empathy between
the two sides, which both seek to protect their own.
Warrior Wotves

In many ways, warrior wolves best represent the tradi-
tional idea of werewolves: fast, fierce and with little regard
for their own or others' safety. The idea of honor is nearly
as important as actual victory in battle for this bloodline.
Fighting is their reason for being, and they devote their
lives to becoming great warriors. Thus, they tend to be
tougher, more experienced and more skilled fighters than
their already formidable brethren. They have a respect
system based on numbers of kills and the quality of them.

So, knowing all this, why would you as a Storyteller
pit your players' characters against such a nightmare? A
lone warrior makes a formidable challenge for a tactics-
and-combat orientated game, as long as it involves
aggressive hunters aplenty.

And yet, hunters might not be so much at risk from the
attention of this bloodline as youmightexpect. Allsaveafew

ofthemanic imbued mentioned above could possibly present
a challenge to a warrior wolf. Why would one of these
prestige-driven champions waste his time fighting a seeming
tubby, middle-aged bank manager or a winsome teenage
student? Even if he did, the existence of hunters is not yet so
widely accepted —orknown—among werewolves for these
combatants to boast of a triumph over such a "mighty"
human. At best, the warrior is laughed at for wasting time
and energy on a pathetic person. At worst, she's regarded
with shame and is diminished in the eyes of her peers.

Ifhunters can make their presence significant enough
that a warrior wolf is forced to deal with them, the
creature's code might still prevent him from taking
lethal action, leaving room for negotiation, communi-
cation and perhaps understanding. Indeed, some
violently inclined hunters might actually find more in
common with these wolves than they could guess.

This is not to say, however, that if a hunter makes
enough of a nuisance of himself, he can't be killed out of
hand. Not for the glory, but simply to eliminate him,
maybe never to be mentioned "back at the sept." If one
of the chosen proves himself a considerable opponent,
he might be viewed as an honorable enemy and receive
the attention of several warrior wolves.

Leader Wotves
This niche of werewolves is composed of those that
consider themselves the elite of the their kind. Ironi-

a &


cally, they are also the most human. They are prone to
using politics and other manipulative, "human" ways to
get what they want.

Leader wolves breed with the blood-kin of human
society's elite: the hereditary rulers, and smart, savvy politi-
cians that grease the wheels of the human power structure.
Because of this "cultured" upbringing, they are slightly less
inclined to violence than other wolves are. In fact, they tend
to use other werewolves to do their dirty work for them.

This sort of creature is best reserved as an ongoing
enemy for a group of hunters, appearing over the course
of achronicle. They may become aware of the existence
of such a leader only after multiple encounters with her
minions. The chosen may in turn become enough of an
impediment to the leader's plans that she decides to deal
with them herself.

Conversely, leaders might be willing to ally with
hunters who seek understanding or cooperation. While
these werewolves are unlikely to see hunters as equals,
they may see the imbued as useful tools for the cause.
Adept at dealing with people, leaders could convince
hunters that their agendas are similar — and that may
actually be true. Much of the corruption that werewolves
fight is equally inimical to many people. The question is:
When do such coinciding purposes cross, say when a
hunter's own company or town is targeted for attention?
Muranr Wotves

Amazingly, not all werewolves are dedicated to
serving and protecting Mother Earth. Some have be-
come twisted or perverted by the very struggle to save
her. Others have been touched directly by the Wyrm.
And some have been tempted over to the other side
thanks to overwhelming pride, greed or selfishness. The
result is shapeshifters that actually seek to destroy the
world through corruption. They strive to poison the
land, water and air, kill all humanity and wipe out other
werewolves in the name of the Wyrm.

Such allegiance can have a terrible warping effect on
these traitors' bodies and minds, making them far more ugly
than even the werewolf-born. Although they function
much like others of their kind, these creatures' bodies are
twisted by exposure to foul chemicals and possibly as a sign
of the depravity they have embraced. These twisted wolves
revel in emotional abuse, pointless and gratuitous violence,
and worshipping twisted spirits of pain, hate and fear.

"Fallen" werewolves can suffer the same mutations as the
werewolf-bom (see p. 91), but bear more of them. Young
members of this breed have one or two mutations. Older and
more powerful onesmay have three tofive. Theyall suffersome
general effects, too: rough and mangy fur, anti-social behavior
and an obvious love for inflicting pain and suffering.

Tue Famity oF A Werewotr

Werewolves may be powerful and deadly, but they'd
be nothing without their support structure: the people

T=

Intorwarion OvenconD
You might think by now that there's a whole
load of information about werewolves here that you
never expected to know. They're complex beings.
It's not necessarily presented here to be trickle-fed
in entirety to your hunters and players, though.
Even the most successful (and lucky) hunter group
learns only a tiny fraction of the information pre-
sented in this chapter. Imbued might discover a
little about werewolves' struggle, the way they live
orthe relationship between them and their kinfolk,
but characters are unlikely to learn much about all
three. The depth provided here allows you to choose
those elements that are revealed to your hunters, to
| allow you to decide what tip of the iceberg they see.
The rest of the information can be used to give
the werewolfantagonists and allies you create depth, }
afeeling of background and history. Scientistssome- }
times say the more they learn, the more they realize
how little they know. A Hunter story can be the ff
same. Each hard-won discovery about the otherside
may hint to the vast information and secrets that }
still elude the imbued. A glimpse of a werewolf
showing love, care and affection to one of its human
family hints at the bigger picture of their breeding
and life. A muttered call to a spirit may clue hunters
in on werewolves' deep spirituality. Apparently
there's more to them than something to hit.
Ofcourse, experienced Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse players and Storytellers might be amazed at
how simplified and distorted all the information in }
this chapter is. That's because it's all presented to be
relevant to Hunter. If you really, really want to get
into the level of detail presented in Werewolf, feel
free to check out that game or any of its supplements.

and wolves that carry the blood but who are not
werewolves themselves. These people live as bridges
between the normal, mundane world and the supernatu-
ral world of shapechangers. These "kin" are largely
aware of werewolves and of the forces they fight, but are
not truly part of the realms werewolves inhabit.

For the vast majority of human kin, the only trait
they exhibit that marks them as different from the rest
of humanity is the fact that they can see werewolves for
what they are without becoming hysterical or catatonic.
While they are no more immune than hunters are to the
rational fear of seeing a mass of muscle, fur and claws,
they don't suffer the mental collapse that most people do
when confronted with such a sight. Similarly, kin are
immune to the effects of seeing hunters' edges in overt
use. They don't lose their minds in the presence of such
displays, but knowledge of such miraculous powers in use


is still likely to frighten them. Kin's capacity to see
werewolves and cope with edges does not confer any of
the mental protection of second sight, nor any ability to
spota monster when it is magically concealed, however.

The immediate relatives of werewolves — whether
human or wolf — register as wrong to hunters' second
sight. Edges such as Witness, Illuminate and Discern that
allow greater insight to the identity of monsters might
show a hint of feral nature or provide glimpses of a family
member's relationship with a werewolf —as parent, child
or even brother or sister. Still, use of the sight and edges
make it difficult for a hunter to determine exactly what a
blood kin is. The subject seems to have been tinged by the
supernatural, but not made an integral part of it.

For their part, most family members are aware of only
the broadest aspects of werewolf society. Although many
work to support full-blooded relatives, a lot of the most
important secrets are reserved for werewolves alone. So,
while kin might seem like a soft target for hunters seeking
information, they can't usually offer any relevant in-
sights. They might know that a colony is located
somewhere in the region, but not where or how to find it.
Kin could know the name ofa local shapechanger leader,
but not know what he looks like or where to find him.
Recavive Posiioxs

Many people who carry werewolf blood actively
support the creatures' activities. Aware of the battles that
werewolves fight, these people back their cousins in
mundane ways: as aides, drivers, cooks and staff, on the
battlefield with mundane weapons, or by using their
places in normal society to obtain information or to
campaign against certain developments. Indeed, unwit-
ting hunters' first clue of supernatural interest in an event
may be kin involvement. Human relatives are often best
suited to infiltrating companies or organizations that
werewolves regard as corrupt, and kin can commit acts of
sabotage that the full-blooded would not have the pa-
tience to arrange. Extended family members also act as
werewolves' eyes and ears and may investigate the same
suspicious occurrences as hunters do.

But what about kinfolk who are unaware of their
status, and of werewolves? Ties to their true kind have been
severed over the generations, making these people think
they're absolutely normal. Or maybe ancestors fled the
family to find their own future, and descendants have
grown in ignorance of their true heritage. Despite their
denial of wrongdoing or association, these people still seem
wrong to hunters' second sight. They claim ignorance of
any knowledge of the supernatural and probably believe
hunters to be insane. Hunters who push the issue may be
reported to the police. And yet, hunters' questions may
make these people reconsider gaps, inconsistencies or
enigmas in their family histories, or they may re-evaluate
recent strange events. Perhaps these lost kin even join
inquisitive hunters to discover the truth about themselves.

Other "stray" kin are used as little more than breeders
by werewolves. They may be married to normal people,
folks with no knowledge of werewolves, yet they help
conceive a baby of werewolf blood and raise it until its first
shapeshift. While their knowledge of werewolves may be
marginal and their involvement in werewolf society negli-
gible, the act of birthing and raising the child of a werewolf
marks these people as wrong or off to second sight.

And then there are kin who actively work against
werewolves. They may turn against the supernatural for
any number of reasons: an inherent revulsion for the way
werewolves treat humanity, victimization, jealousy of
full-blooded family. Some of these people work against
shifters for their own ends, some for the good of humanity.
This kind of kin makes a good potential ally for a hunter
group that works against werewolves. The problem, as
ever, is trust. Can the imbued put their faith in someone
who is wrongto the sight? Some open-minded and curious
hunters may be prepared to, but many are on the defen-
sive from the start. On the otherside of the equation, why
should these kin trust hunters who, while apparently
human, are capable of amazing feats that are in some ways
less explicable than those of even werewolves?

Kinrouk — Orrionat Rute

Inavery few, very rare werewolfkin, the shapeshifting
blood runs strong enough that they gain access to a small
amount of spiritual potence, allowing them to learn
werewolf spells. These supernaturally endowed people
shouldneverappear more than once or twice inachronicle,
if you choose to allow them in your game at all.

They can have a maximum of two common werewolf
spells from the Hunter Storytellers Companion. They may
have upto4 Rage with which tocast these spells (see Hunter
Storytellers Companion p. 45).

QyHER SHAPESHIFYERS

Sutton couldn' t shake the feeling of being watched. He'd
been staring out from the second floor of a burger restaurant
for the better part of an hour, and he still couldn't get rid of
the feeling. Maybe it was just paranoia. He had to do
something to put himself at ease, though, and the only thing
he could think of was looking at the world that way. Maybe
it would prove once and for all that he was getting himself
worked up over nothing. He focused his will and felt the slight
jarring dislocation that always accompanied the effort. Lord,
how he hated it.

When he opened his eyes, they went wide with surprise.
One of the crows on the building across the street was
wrong. A bird, for Christ's sake! Was it giving him that
feeling? Was it following him? What the hell did it want with
him? There was only one way to find out. Abandoning his
half-eaten meal, Sutton made his way downstairs and out
the front door. Resisting the impulse to look back, he walked
down the street and turned into an alley. He stopped and


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

listened, but what did he expect to
hear? Flapping wings?
Saying a quick prayer, he
reached into his coat and spun
round. The crow sat on a pile of
cardboard boxes, its head cocked
to one side.

Sutton knew this would look
ridiculous: "Okay, you feathered
bastard, you want to tell me what you
are and why you're following me? I

have a gun."
The crow seemed to straighten and
suddenly ayoungwomanwithraven-
black hair sat across from him. "Put
that thing away before you hurt your-
self," she said, a touch of irritation in her
voice. "We need to talk, Jeremy. It's hard
enough without youwaving that thingaround."
Although by far the most common,
werewolves are not the only shapeshifting
monsters in the world. While the rest combined —
with one notable exception — may not be as numerous
as werewolves, they are still a very real threat, and some

hunters have already faced them.

Encounters with these creatures are rare and the
same is recommended in your game. These creatures
represent the wider, deeper supernatural world that
hunters get only the barest glimpse of after years on the
hunt. Using too many different types of werecritters risks
turning your chronicle into a freakshow or "monster of
the week" game, which doesn't really do justice to the
terror that even a "mere" werewolf inspires.

The following changers' access to spells (see the
Hunter Storytellers Companion, p. 45) is the same as
werewolves'. Some additional abilities are listed here,
though. The breeds are presented in the order of hunt-
ers' likelihood to encounter them, if ever.

Rar-SHievers

Rats are an everyday part of city life that most of us
rarely, if ever see. In fact, the rats living in any city
probably far exceed the human population. Living among
this vermin are wererats, a race of shapeshifters devoted
to keeping humanity in its place.

Wererats dwell in nests buried deep beneath any
city, often in out-of-the-way and forgotten tunnels or
rarely used parts of sewer systems. Like werewolves,
these shifters seek to end the corruption of the natural
world, but their methods are their own. They tend to
commit devastating terrorist attacks on the symbols of
human "modernization" — burger restaurants, office
buildings, factories, bars and nightclubs. Ratmen de-
light in high body counts and massive property damage.
When they aren't blowing things up, they're spreading
virulent diseases to the human population.


The fact that more hunters haven't reported en-
counters with wererats probably comes down to one of
two things: Rat-shifters are far better than even
werewolves at staying out of sight; and few hunters
survive encounters with these beings. The atrocities for
which they climb to the surface to commit often number
hunter opponents among their casualties.

Forms: 3 — human, rat-man, rat

Weaknesses: As werewolves

Special Abilities:

Direction Sense: It is impossible for a wererat to get
lost underground.

Night Sight: Clear vision in anything but abso-
lute darkness.

Alarm: A wererat in danger can warn others by
letting out a high-pitched shriek that's inaudible to
humans and to hunters with active second sight. The
sound can carry for miles.

Car-snirvens

True to their mundane counterparts, werecats tend
to be curious rather than aggressive; they seek to peer into
the secret corners of the world and discover any super-
natural forces at work against humanity. They mighteven
find common cause with inquisitive hunters, assuming
they can overcome their natural distrust of other super-
natural — or apparently supernatural — creatures.

Werecats are fiercely solitary, proud and manipulative,
and are not averse to putting on shows of force when they
needto. Theyrefusetocommunicate with otherwerecreatures,
hoarding the knowledge they acquire for themselves.

Various breeds of werecat exist and are related to the
world's big cats, but the differences are primarily in their
appearance than in any inherent physical characteristics.

Forms: As werewolves: 5 —human, near-human,
cat-man, giant cat, cat

Weaknesses:

Involuntary Shapechange: Werecats are tempera-
mental, and stress can cause them to change forms
spontaneously. Anytime an important roll fails or a
botch occurs, roll Willpower (difficulty 8). Iffewer than
three successes are achieved, the creature shifts to a
random, different form immediately.

Special Abilities:

Whiskers: In all forms except human, werecats have
whiskers that sense vibrations and that allow them to
"see" in complete darkness within a radius of about
seven or eight yards.

Raven-shitrens

While other shapechangers hunt, wereravens spy.
Of all the shifters, they are the most likely to talk to
other shifters — and perhaps hunters — to gather
information. Their sacred duty is to spot the unnatural
and corrupt in the world and to report it to the other

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND SYORYYELLING

werecreatures to be dealt with. On occasion, a wereraven
notices people behaving strangely and turns to these
hunters to do their work for them as an entertaining
alternative to getting short-tempered cousins involved.
Just as werewolves use their families to infiltrate and
deal with human organizations, wereravens may find
that hunters are capable of dealing with problems in-
volving other humans or single supernatural creatures
better than werewolves can. Imbued who seek commu-
nication with the supernatural might find raven-shifters
willing to become regular contacts — but may also find
them frustratingly secretive in turn.

Wereravens do not form families. New wereravens
are created from normal humans or ravens by a mysteri-
ousritual. The imbued cannot be turned into wereravens.

Forms: 3 — human, raven-man, raven.
Wereravens almost never assume raven-man shape
unless in extreme danger.

Weaknesses:

Gold: Gold is as lethal to wereravens as silver is
to werewolves.

Smell: Wereravens cannot smell anything but the
strongest of odors.

Special Abilities:

Sight: Wereravens have perfect vision, far better
than humans, allowing them to see events on the
ground clearly from the air.

Wing Slice: In raven-man form, these creatures can
attack using razor-tipped wings, doing Strength +3
lethal damage. The attack is made by rolling Dexterity
+ Brawl (difficulty 7).

Eye Eating: A wereraven gains a person's last memo-
ties by eating the eyes of his corpse. The last five minutes
of the deceased's life are experienced in clear detail. This
power does not work on the corpses of hunters. The
imbuing seems to prevent their very bodies from giving
up information to the supernatural. The eyes of bystand-
ers are "informative," however.

SHARK-SHIFYERS

What werewolves are to the wilderness, weresharks
are to sea. Shark-shifters defend the purity of the ocean
witha ferocity that even werewolves are hard-pressed to
match. The predator part of their nature gives them an
almost single-minded obsession with destroying those
whom they consider corrupt — or merely intruding.

Like werewolves, weresharks often travel in groups
and generally patrol the deeps. Some grow curious about
the surface world, though, and individuals come ashore
or linger around coastlines. They are most likely to be
encountered in coastal areas and on ships.

Forms: As werewolves: 5 — human, near-human,
man-shark, giant shark, shark

Weaknesses:

Inability to Stay Still: Roll Willpower, difficulty 6,

for a wereshark to stay still for more than a few turns.

a


Earthbound: Weresharks cannot disappear into the
spirit world as werewolves can.

Special Abilities:

Barbed Skin: Unarmed attacks made against
weresharks (in all forms except human and shark) inflict
two levels of lethal damage upon the attacker.
SpiER-SHIFYERS

The idea of a giant man-wolf is frightening enough
for most people. The idea of a giant man-spider is
terrifying. Yet, these creatures exist and are among the
most horrifying of werebeasts.

The werespiders are fiercely territorial loners, hunting
humans and protecting sacred areas, usually semi-wilderness
locales on the outskirts of human habitation. They often
engage in feuds with others of their kind, seeking to prove
who's most capable of defending particular territories.

Spider-shifters feed on human blood, and use it instead
of Rage (see p. 102) to fuel their powers. Drinking a human
dry provides up to 10 Blood points, which are used in the
same way as Rage. A hunter could easily mistake one of
these beasts for a bizarre form of vampire. Yet, the sight of
a"human" dissolving into a horde of tiny spiders is enough
to send even hardened imbued to the brink of insanity.

Forms: 4— human, man-spider, giant spider, horde
of normal spiders

Weaknesses: (Werespiders do not suffer extra dam-
age from gold, silver or any other metal.)

Disappearing: Werespiders can disappear into the
spirit world only when in "horde of spiders" form.

Special Abilities:

Multiple Eyes: The arrangement of multiple eyes
around a werespider's head gives the creature superb
peripheral vision. In any form except human, a werespider
staring ahead can see in all directions.

Webbing: Werespiders can spin grotesque webs. One
Blood point creates enough fiber to block an alley or
envelop anadult human. The webbing can suffer four levels
of lethal damage before it breaks. It soaks damage with an
effective 7 Stamina. Three successes must be achieved in a
resisted Strength roll to pull webbing apart by hand, and
rolls for the webbing are made with an effective 7 Strength.

Poison: Werespiders can spit corrosive venom that does
four levelsof lethal damage on contact with any living target.
Fox-snirrers

This rare breed of changer is found largely in Asia,
although a very few have been known to travel to the
West and other parts of the world. Like all other shifters,
werefoxes fight the infection of the world, but their
chosen weapons are less obvious. Fox-shifters spy, steal
and use their wits to destroy the things they believe hurt
the world. They are utterly deserving of the mundane
fox's reputation for cunning and deceit.

Unlike many shapeshifting species, werefoxesare quick
tocooperate with the other kinds. Indeed, the werecreatures

of Asia can be encountered working together, a harmony
that western changers have yet to achieve — if, indeed,
they evercan. They arealso discriminate about the humans
they kill, picking only the irredeemable and reprehensible
and teaching others harsh lessons.

Forms: 5 — man, near-man, man-fox, giant fox, fox

Weaknesses:

Almost Orphaned: Each time a new fox-shifter is
born, one of its parents dies.

Slow Healers: While werefoxes may soak all forms of
damage, they may not use their Rage to heal themselves
spontaneously. They heal at the same rate as hunters or
normal people.

Special Abilities:

Magical: Fox-shifters are extremely attuned to the
spirit world and have access to twice as many spells or
rituals (see p. 106) as a werewolf of equivalent experience.

Odd: For some reason, fox-shifters do not induce the
same catatonia in humans and hunters without active
Second Sight that other changers do. Unless a werefox
demonstrates its supernatural aspect overtly by using
spells or shifting forms, people assume it to be a large
animal or someone in a costume. Once a werefox proves
to be supernatural, normal catatonia/ hysteria rules apply.

RELAviONsHIPS

The various were-species are far from a universal,
happy brotherhood. In fact, due to actions taken by
werewolves in pre-historic times, when they waged war on
rival shapeshifters, other changing breeds actively hate
werewolves. Due to werewolves' vastly greater numbers,
however, thishatred rarely erupts into full-scale warfare. As
faras Hunter isconcerned, the only significant result of this
animosity is that werewolves are never encountered work-
ingwiththeothershifters, with the followingtwoexceptions.

Wereravens have always maintained good relations
with the other shifters. Likewise, their role as the eyes of
skinchangers has made them too useful for the other
breeds to spurn. Wereravens can be found working with
werecreatures of all varieties, but the alliance is never an
easy one — something hunters may be able to exploit.
Wereravens often require payment for their services in
terms of favors or information, or they could insist on
certain behavior from other shifters, such as agreeing to
work with hunters, perhaps challenging the individual
changers' patience or tolerance.

In Asia, werecreatures have long worked together in
afar more coordinated way than do shifters across the rest
of the world. Groups of mixed breeds are actually more
common there than groups of one breed in particular.
This shifter diversity can make the hunt difficult for
eastern imbued. Rather than deal with groups of creatures
that largely think andactalike, they have to contend with
an array of mindsets and capabilities all at once.


Svoryvetting Werewotves

Sutton hated to admit it, but that bizarre bird-woman
was right on the nose. The guy in the suit — "Peter
Worthington" — was meeting with a local politician to get
that land outside of town developed. The restaurant where
they were meeting was out of the way and out of Sutton's
price range. But that didn't stop him from walking in, sitting
down and taking a good long look at the menu.

After ordering the cheapest thing he could find, Sutton
looked over the other patrons. The man-beasthe had seen before,
Worthington, was there, and the only one in the room who
seemed wrong. He and the politician, presumably, were talking
animatedly. Things didn' t seem to be going Worthington' s way.

Then, to Sutton's disbelief, Worthington began to change —
right there in the restaurant. His clothes just seemed to disappear,
fursprangoutof his body and his jaw elongated. Sutton felt the fear
grip him immediately. He just wanted to sit there, to go unnoticed
and hope desperately that the thing wouldn't tum on him. He was
vaguely aware of the screams and sobbing around him when he
came to his senses and yelled, "Stop!"

The werewolf froze but its transformation was complete.
The burning anger in its eyes was directed squarely at Sutton
now. Still staring at the creature, he forced himself to his feet.
He walked over to the politician, pulled him out of his seat, and

physically dragged the unresisting man out of the

restaurant. Sutton kept his gaze fixed on the man-beast as long
as he could.

The moment he was outside, he forced the politician
against the wall and slapped him across the face. "Come on,"
he shouted. "We have to go. Now!" The old man just gazed
back blankly, drool running down his chin.

Shit! Now what do I do? Sutton thought.

So, you now know what werewolves are, how their
society is structured and what their principal aims are.
How do you go about using all that in your game? Here's
some guidance to help make the most of that informa-
tion in your Hunter chronicle.

PORTRAVING SHAPECHANGERS

Werewolves are unique antagonists and powerful po-
tential allies forthe imbued. They have theirown motivations,
drivesand agendas, some of which are pursued at the expense
of regular folks and some of which actually seem to do the
world and humanity good. Man-wolves may seem to be
monsters, but that doesn't make them unremittingly evil.
They operate under a gray morality rather than a black-and-
white one, just as people do, and therefore demand that
hunters measure them individually. That assumes, of course,
thatthe imbued don'tautomatically respond toshapeshifters'
existence with a shotgun blast.

To help you portray these creatures, bear in mind the
following five conditions of their existence and manner.


¢ Humans are inferior to werewolves. Werewolves
see themselves as a chosen species, set above humanity by
their Mother, the planet itself. They treat their human kin
asasubservient species. They consider the rest of humanity
as even less than that. This arrogance is a fundamental part
of the way they view humanity in general. As humans are
believed inherently inferior, any powers such as hunters'
edges are likely to be viewed as a sign of the corruption that
werewolves oppose. After all, if people are beneath
shapechangers, they must have acquired any inexplicable
capabilities through deceit or alliance with the Wyrm. The
powers were certainly not bestowed by the Mother. Once
werewolves become aware of the potency of hunters' edges,
some seek to investigate this new form of corruption,
whereas others try to destroy the upstart humans outright.

¢ The cause is more important than an individual
werewolf. Werewolves are fanatics. Very few of themcan
be turned from their objective of protecting the Earth by
reason or negotiation. They fight a war their ancestors
waged for generations. They have been indoctrinated to
believe in the cause since their first change. They are
absolutely certain that what they do is right and are
prepared to die for the cause. Few werewolves throw away
their lives carelessly, but they will sacrifice themselves to
ensure that Gaia is preserved. Perhaps that potential for
selflessness can be recognized and praised by Martyrs and
other hunters willing to give their all for their causes.

© Werewolves are warriors, first and foremost.
Whatever their inclination or bloodline, werewolves
are fighters. Like the wolves to which they are related,
they are primarily predators and believe in the power of
superior force. If violence can solve a problem once and
for all, they resort to it quickly.

© Werewolves are intelligent. The other side of the
coin is the fact that werewolves are not mindless. They are
superbly equipped to be violent when a situation demands
it but also have a rational aspect. Such a human quality
allows clever, forthcoming hunters the chance to establish
adialogue—as long those chosen can prove that discussion
is more advantageous to werewolves than carnage is.

© Werewolves are part animal. Being half-animal bears
a lot more meaning than being aggressive. It means having
powerful instincts and trusting in them. If intuition orsenses
tell a werewolf one thing and reason tells her another, she
may be just as quick to rely on her instincts ason her intellect.
Hunters might talk of a truce, for example, but the smell of
their sweat might suggest a whole other intention.

The pragmatism of their animal nature can also
compel werewolves to make ruthless decisions at which
even hardened imbued would balk. They may let their
own wounded or elderly die to fulfill a mission or to act
on an opportunity to strike at an enemy. They might
turn on allies — human or another species — if doing so
furthers completion of a goal. They make decisions
based on survival and victory, rather than on more

nebulous factors such as morality. It is by these severe
means that changers keep themselves and their packs
alive, and may ultimately save the world from taint.

Curoniete IDens

Werewolves make for complicated antagonists in a
Hunter game. Their mixture of violent rage, savage
fighting ability and passionate struggle for what they
believe will be a better world makes them a challenge to
deal with for all hunters. Even chosen who seek to
understand the beasts run the risk of dying thanks to the
slightest misstep or misstatement.

Here are some ideas for structuring stories or a
chronicle around skinchangers.

Common Cause: Mercy

Stories with a Mercy-orientated theme are perhaps
hardest to pull off with werewolf antagonists. Certainly,
redeeming something that was born part animal seems like
afoolish endeavor toa Storytellerwhoknowsthe being's true
identity. It would be like trying to persuade a cat that it
shouldn't stalk small animals. Doing so means going against
the creature's very being, not just returning to its human
roots. Even if a werewolf spent 12 years living as a human, it
never truly was one; most adapt to their predestined roles as
savage warriors with considerable speed. Hunters don't
know any of that, though. The imbued could see beasts that
harborsomething human within, and which may be brought
to the surface with enough time and understanding.

Granted, werewolves do not have to be purely violent
creatures. Some canseek to bring the world toapeaceful state
through gentle meansofpersuasion and education. Theycan
be creatures of reason, and violence may not seem to be the
best solution to every problem. But such consideration is
relative amongshapeshifters. No werewolfispacifistic. Their
very nature makes that impossible. People who stand in the
way of werewolves' "gentle" efforts might be removed in less
than peaceful ways. Yet, hunters who understand both the
need to communicate with the supernatural and the need to
respond aggressively to the most unrepentantly monstrous
may find much in common with such werewolves.

A story that focuses on werewolf kin is another option.
These people are caught between human and animal worlds.
They may find the extreme brutality of their relatives, not to
mention theircondescension, intolerable. Can hunters con-
vince such doubters to turn wholly to humanity?

The despised werewolf-born also offer possibilities for
a story about understanding. Although they were never
human, these outcasts' bitterness toward werewolf society
might make working with hunters seem acceptable.

Plot Ideas

A tainted werewolf has gathered a cult of kin and
others of its kind to manipulate humans through per-
verse sexual relationships and by catering to profane
tastes. In return for a "fix," followers, including some in
local government, do what they're told. A group of


werewolves that tried to stop the cult failed. Only one
attacker survived and is now forced to turn to newly
discovered and strange humans for help.

¢ A werewolf's cousin has been ordered to bear his
packmate a child. She's in love with anormal man, but is
afraid to go against the wishes of her relatives. One of the
characters discovers this wrong girl, who seems miserable
—far from dangerous, to be sure. If the hunter can win her
trust, she asks for help in winning her freedom.

Primevat Fear: Vision

Werewolves' seeming connection to nature may
fascinate inquisitive hunters. Whereas things like rots
and vampires imply a separate, supernatural world that
is somehow imposed on the natural one, werewolves
suggest that nature and the supernatural are in some way
intertwined. Questions arise, such as how nature can
abide anything that is not inherently part of it? Or, if
humans and shapechangers are both natural phenom-
ena, can they work together against other monsters?

A chronicle based on a better understanding of
nature and skinchangers focuses on aspects of the crea-
tures that are comprehensible to hunters and compatible
with their understanding of the natural world: breeding
patterns, relationships with family, and heritage. Maybe
with this common foundation, humans and werewolves
can find common ground and a common goal.

Plot Ideas

¢ A hunter returns from a vacation in the country
with her family. She's terrified. The nearby town seemed
to be populated by people who were wrong, and she
couldn't pinpoint why. Her group's curiosity is piqued,
and they set out to learn what's happening.

 Afterarun-in with a werewolf ona city street, the
hunters are approached by a man who claims to be
related to the creature. He's been looking for a way to
escape the hold of its kind for years and finds hope in the
characters. He offers information in return for protec-
tion, but is he telling the truth?

Huwaxny's Srruccte: Zeat

Hunters now have the opportunity to do what their
ancestors could not millennia ago: They can fight back
against werewolves and free mankind from being vic-
timized by another species. The theme of this chronicle
echoes one of mankind's eternal battles: to protect itself
from nature. Our cities, our homes and our medicine are
all examples of our efforts to overcome and defeat
Mother Nature.

Werewolves are a powerful expression of the danger
that lurks in nature. Despite their roots in the supernatu-
ral, the creatures are tied to the natural world and
identify strongly with it, not least in their hostility
toward humanity and technological progress.

In this kind of chronicle, hunters are humanity's
protectors against the very worst that nature has to offer.

Man has defeated nature by building cities, but its
fiercest children still stalk us, and the players' characters
know that such beasts are at large.

Plot Ideas

* Local businesspeople are disappearing or being found
dead under suspicious circumstances. One of them was the
current orformeremployerofone ofthe hunters. Investigation
suggests that the victims were all involved in some sort of
property deal. Someone or something apparently opposed it.

* Anarticle in the newspaper about an after-hours
accident at the local shopping mall suddenly reads,
"THEY START THE HUNT." While investigating the
scene, the hunters discover a shapechanger spying on
the reconstruction. What does the creature want with
the mall? What is the being looking for and how can the
chosen stop — or help — it?

Ruts

Sutton stared at the werewolf before him and knew he
was a dead man. "One more step and I'll shoot," he said,
trying to keep his hands from shaking.

The werewolf made some sort of noise. Laughing?

"I mean it," Sutton said. The werewolf ignored him and
came closer.

"Stop right there," Sutton shouted, hoping to hell that the
trick would work again. The werewolf seemed seized in its tracks
and howled in frustration. Sutton emptied his gun into it and
watched the thing collapse to the ground, blood pooling under it.

Still shaking, Sutton shoved the gun into his coat pocket,
grabbed the elderly politician by his shirtand dragged the man to the
passenger door of his car. As he rushed around to the driver's side,
Sutton riskeda glimpse back at the creature. Itwas onits knees and
struggling to stand, its wounds closing even as Sutton watched.

Sutton was right. He was a dead man.

The uncanny capabilities of werewolves and other
shapeshifting creatures make them truly formidable
antagonists — or intimidating allies — in a Hunter
game. Those powers are codified here, allowing you to
create and portray changers quickly and easily. Some of
these rules appear in the Hunter rulebook (p. 277) and
the Hunter Storytellers Companion (p.41), and have
been expanded upon here.

HUNvERS AND SHAPECHANGERS

The average human mind refuses to acknowledge the
existence of werewolves. Exposed to shapechangers in
near-human, wolf-man or near-wolf form — or to the
effects of werewolf magic — humans with low Willpower
flee instinctively or collapse. Individuals with high Will-
power witness everything but disregard it all. In either
case, the human mind cannot comprehend what is seen,
and it activates defensive measures. After the fact, the
psyche even dresses up reality to protect itself. It's easiest
to believe that a college student was playing a prank that


required him to wear a gorilla suit. Thus, hunter efforts to
make humans see the truth are futile.

Hunters with Conviction active when exposed to a
shapechanger in any of the three intermediate forms can
deal with the creature normally. If Conviction is not
active, a hunter behaves as a normal person, fleeing or
refusing to accept the truth of the situation. The imbued
also has trouble remembering the situation later.
Werewolves in human and wolf forms are not offensive
to normal people or unprepared hunters.

Legend and Hollywood holds that lycanthropy is
spread through a werewolf's bite. Without informed
knowledge or experience, hunters may assume this to be
true. Why dispel the myth? Let them think they or their
allies have become the enemy — at least until nothing
actually happens. Lycanthropy is in fact genetic, not
contagious. Then again, maybe hunters' imbued status is
all that prevents them from changing, whereas bitten
humans are werewolves in the making....

A hunter who looks at a werewolf with second sight
can see a being that's "inhuman," "wrong," "off" or
otherwise offensive by whatever means is appropriate to
the character. He might have a momentary glimpse of a
bestial or feral side to a werewolf in human form. A
shapechanger in pure animal form, which to normal eyes
looks like an ordinary wolf, also seems wrong or unnatu-
ral. Observation edges such as Discern, Witness or
Illuminate can offer other insights according to the
information that those powers tend to convey. A person
may seem to breathe more like an animal than a human.
It might smell like something out of the wild. Images of
claws rending flesh might come to mind, or a blood-red
aura might be apparent. As always, it's up the individual
hunter on how to interpret these signs and implications
and to guess exactly what he's up against.

Similar insights are also gained about shapechanger
cousins, those people who carry the blood of the race but
whoare notshifters. They can also stand out as "impure"
and they may project faint feral signs or features. The
same is true for people and wolves, often young ones,
who are full-blooded changers but who have yet to
undergo the first change. They may not know it yet, but
these beings aren't quite human. The question is: How
do hunters respond to beings that seem wrong but that
are potentially unaware of their own supernatural con-
dition? Can they be saved, destroyed or shown the light
when they don't perceive their own true identity?

Race

Deep in every werewolf, rage burns over what the
world has become. It'san inherent longing fora bygone age
when humanity cowered in the shadows and the beasts
tuled the world. Each new building, each square mile
plundered for sprawling suburb isa gravestone for the world
—and more fuel to stoke shifters' fire. This unquenchable

rage makes werewolves what they are. It enables them to
change form, it gives them incredible speed, strength and
resilience, and it is the vigor of their spirit magic.

Rage is also a game Trait, a measurement of how
powerful changers are and what they're able to do. Forall
intents and purposes, it replaces Willpower's role in
fueling capabilities, as proposed in Hunter's Chapter 9.
Willpower is still used to help accomplish mundane
feats that are performed by shapeshifters, just as it works
for hunters. Rage is simply a reflection of what super-
natural feats a creature can perform. Assume a Willpower
range of 6 to 10 for most werewolves.

A werewolf has from 2 to 15 Rage points. This is the
beast's permanent Rage rating. The actual number of
Rage points it has at any given time increases or de-
creases, but never exceeds the maximum. Only the very
young and inexperienced have as little as two points,
whereas only the experienced, wily and battle-hardened
have acquired 15. The average werewolf that hunters are
likely to encounter has 8 to 10 points.

Srenping Race

Rage is expended to do any one of the following.

¢ Regain a health level lost to bashing or lethal
damage. One Rage point restores one health level, and only
one level can be healed per turn. Doingso takes one action.
Aggravated damage (see p. 104) cannot be healed this way.

© Gain an extra number of actions per turn up to a
maximum of the werewolf's Dexterity rating in the form
itcurrently assumes (see "The Shapes" sidebar). A werewolf
with 4 Dexterity could therefore perform up to five
actions in a turn: The one it is allowed automatically per
turn, and one more for each Dexterity point it has. Each
extra action gained costs one Rage point. Each action
after the first must be dedicated to performing the same
action as done in the first. Thus, a werewolf could slash
with its claws multiple times, but it can't slash twice and
then switch to a bite. Healing can be performed as an
extraaction, but each effort costs two Rage points: one for
each extra action and one for each level healed.

© Change to another form. It costs one Rage point
to switch to any of the other forms available to a
changer. Werewolves are capable of assuming five dif-
ferent forms. It takes one full turn to complete any
change; no other actions can be performed in that turn.

© Trigger werewolf magic. See the Hunter Story-
tellers Companion (p. 45) and "Rituals" (p. 106) for
more details.

Gaininc Race

Rage is a measure of a werewolf's fury, aggression
and determination. A creature therefore gains Rage
points when something happens that incites its anger.
We're not talking about casual irritation here, but pro-
found fury — the kind that can inspire a person to beat
or kill another with his bare hands. Werewolves gain


Rage at your discretion, but here are some examples of
circumstances when they might.

© The changer first sees the moon each evening.
Werewolves believe the moon is their patron, stoking
the flames of their anger to make them better warriors.
Roll adie and divide by two (rounding up) to determine
how many points are gained that night.

¢ When a werewolf enters combat (1 point).

¢ When a werewolf is personally ashamed, publicly
humiliated or taunted (1 point).

¢ When a werewolf is faced in combat by an
opponent wielding silver (1 point).

¢ When a werewolf botches an attempted
action (1 point).

Frenzy

There's a terrible side effect to the Rage that burns
within a werewolf. It can boil over and flood the being's
rational mind with thoughts of bloodlust and carnage,
throwing the creature into frenzy. Every time a werewolf
gains any number of Rage points, roll a number of dice
equal to its permanent Rage score. If four or more successes
are achieved, the werewolf enters frenzy. The difficulty of
the roll is determined by the phase of the moon, according
to the following table. If you don't track the phase of the
moon in your game, assume a difficulty of 8.

Difficulty Moon Phase
10 New

9 Crescent

8 Half

7 Gibbous

6 Full

A werewolf in frenzy is beyond reason. It has no time
for talking or thinking. Instead, it changes into its man-
wolf battle form and attacks anything in its way — hunters,
other werewolves, defenseless people—whateveris within
reach of its claws. Indeed, frenzy is so all-consuming that a
werewolf's brain stops processing pain signals. The creature
ignores penalties for lost health levels while in frenzy. Also,
the difficulties of edges that affect the mind (such as
Burden, Confront, Insinuate and Bluster) are increased by
two when those powers are used on a frenzied werewolf.

A bloodlust episode lasts for one turn per each
success achieved on the frenzy roll (it therefore persists
for four or more turns). As soon as it's over, wound
penalties apply again. Edges that affect the mind now
apply normally against the creature, too.

A Willpowerpointcan be spent to prevent a werewolf
from entering frenzy. Ifthe object, person or situation that
triggered the Rage gain in the first place remains or
persists, however, one Willpower point must be spent per
turn to resist succumbing to frenzy. The decision to resist
depends on the circumstances, on who could be hurt and
onany possible repercussions of an outburst. Forexample,
if a warrior werewolf could slaughter only the puny

humans around him in a bout of frenzy, he might restrain
himself rather than let himself go, recognizing that no
glory can be gained from the outburst.

Innave Capapitiriss

Werewolves have many inherent capacities that
mark them as different from humans — and in some
cases from natural wolves. Their Rage and shapeshifting
are two. Here are a few others.

Stusts

Werewolves are predators, a product of their feral
side. Like most predators, they rely on more than just
their eyes to hunt. Their sight, hearing and smell are all
remarkably honed, and far above the human norm.

In particular, werewolves are skilled trackers, using all
their senses to stalk prey through almost any environment.
Successful Perception + Alertness, Stealth or Survival
rolls, depending on the conditions, are required to track.
The rollsshould be made each hour in urban environments
and each day in the wild. The difficulty varies from 3 for a
fresh scent in a wide-open field to 9 on the main street of
atown at rush hour. If the subject suspects that he is being
followed, Wits + Stealth or Survival rolls are made in a
resisted and extended action, representing the target's
efforts to cover his trail while the werewolf roots him out.

Werewolves' sense of smell and hearing is so acute
that they ignore the blind fighting and fire rules (Hunter,
p. 192) in the dark or when physically blinded. They are
not able to automatically penetrate the Hide edge using
their senses, though.

Resisrance vo Dawace

Werewolves can use their Rage to heal damage they
suffer, as discussed previously. But they are also better
able to take punishment than hunters are. The inherent
resilience of their bodies allows them to soak most lethal
damage as well as bashing damage done to them. Track
both kinds of damage with a "/" rather than an "X."

As noted in "The Shapes" sidebar, certain types of
werewolves cannot regenerate in certain forms: human-
born ones in human form and wolf-born ones in wolf form.
Lethal damage suffered in those forms cannot be soaked, either,
but it can be regenerated once a werewolf changes shape.
Disnprenning

All werewolves have the ability to disappear from the
physical worldbysteppinginto the spirit world. Todoso, spend
two Rage points and roll permanent Rage against a difficulty
of 9, or 8 if the werewolf is able to look intoa reflective surface
(a mirror, a clean window, still water or polished steel).
Werewolves may take up totwoother people orchangers with
them, but remember that hunters cannot be taken into the
spirit world. Second sight and observation edges reveal noth-
ing of where shapechangers go when they disappear.

The results of disappearing are determined with this
chart. No other actions can be performed in the turn(s)
in which a changer fades into the spirit world.


HUNTER: THE MOONSTRUCK

Tue Snares
Werewolves can assume five different forms. Each has
slightly different physical characteristics. Every form bar
| human and wolf invokes a virtual catatonic response in
regular people who witnessit, including hunters whodon''t
have second sight and its protective capabilities active.
Note that shapechangers in near-human, man-
wolf and near-wolf forms have pronounced teeth and
claws. Attacks with these weapons inflict Strength +1
lethal damage upon hunters.

Huwax Forw
When werewolves assume human form, they ostensi-
bly seem like regular people, at least physically. Only
i} secondsightand observation edges suchas Discern, Illumi-
nate and Witness can allow hunters to see these "people"
as something more or other. Human-born werewolves in
this shape heal at normal human rates (lost health levels
cannot be recovered by expending Rage points) but suffer
no extra damage when attacked with silver weapons (also
}_ see "Resistance to Damage"). This form is the basis for all
Attributes. Bonuses listed below for the other forms are
| applied to a being's ratings in this shape.

When werewolves change from human shape,
they don't always tear up the clothes they were wear-
ing and need replacement ones when they resume a
human shape. Rather, their clothes and objects car-
ried that are not intentionally kept in hand (or paw or
jaws) disappear into the spirit world. They remain
there and return to changers' bodies at will when
human form is resumed. Typically, man-wolf, near-
wolf and wolf forms preclude wearing of clothes.

Nean-Human Fonw

A werewolf in this shape is best described as a

brutish human, with an extremely hairy body that is

Result

The werewolf fails to slip into the other world,
remaining in the physical one. It may not
attempt another crossing in this scene. Not
even other werewolves or werecreatures can
help it or bring it with them.

The werewolf fails to disappear. It may try
again in the next turn or be taken across by
another creature.

The werewolf fades from sight over three
turns. It is impervious to mundane physi-
cal attacks in this time, but may still be
affected by edges that affect minds and
incorporeal targets as if the shapechanger
were a ghost.

Successes

Botch

Asabove, but the werewolf crosses in two turns.
The werewolf crosses instantaneously.

oe

somewhat more bulky than could easily pass for human.
Werewolves can go generally unnoticed in this form,
but doing so requires heavy clothes, low lightandagood
bit of distance. Speech is difficult and is restricted toa
guttural version of human language.

Strength +2, Stamina +2

Wotrwax Form

A creature in man-wolf form is its most terrifying,
standing anywhere from eight and 10 feet in height, and
isa veritable combat machine. Its physiology isa blend of
human and wolf, looking like an upright crossbreed of the
two, with a predominantly wolf-like head. The werewolf
is capable of incredible speed and savagery in this form. It
communicates through grunts and barks only.

Strength +4, Dexterity +1, Stamina +3

Near-Wott Form

A changer in near-wolf shape looks like an over-
sized wolf, roughly the same size as a small horse. It
could be mistaken for a normal wolf only by people
who are completely unfamiliar with the natural ani-
mals. It's a terrifying sight, whether it's recognized or
not. Communication is reduced to wolf-like barks and
the being cannot manipulate complex objects such as
handles; it no longer has opposable thumbs.

Strength +3, Dexterity +2, Stamina +3

Wott Forw

A creature in this shape is indistinguishable from
normal wolves except through use of second sight and
some observation edges. Wolf-born werewolves heal
at normal human rates in this form (lost health levels
cannot be recovered by expending Rage points) but
suffer no extra damage when attacked with silver
weapons (also see "Resistance to Damage").

Strength +1, Dexterity +2, Stamina +2

F
WERKNESSES

Although werewolves are potent and fearsome, they
also suffer from some dangerous vulnerabilities. They are
particularly susceptible to damage from two particular
sources, fire and silver, which inflict what's called aggra-
vated damage. This form ofharm iseven more detrimental
than lethal damage, because it cannot be regenerated by
spending Rage points. Only the passage of a great deal of
time or some forms of werewolf magic speed up the
healing process. Mark health levels lost to aggravated
damage with an "X" ona werewolf's Health chart. Thatis,
apply aggravated damage done to werewolves as lethal
damage is applied to hunters. A Health chart full of
aggravated damage indicates a dead shapechanger.

Firs

Flames inflict horrible, slow-to-heal wounds on

shapeshifters. The creatures can soak damage from fire,


however. The difficulty of soak rolls depends on the heat
of the fire. Fire inflicts levels of damage per turn as
detailed in Hunter, p. 208.
Difficulty Fire Type
Small fires: candles, cigarette lighters
Average fires: a torch, gas burners
Large, white-hot fires: blowtorch, heart of
a large bonfire
10 Extreme heat: Liquid metal or rock, plasma
Sitver
Significantly more deadly to werewolves is their bane,
silver. This metal in its pure form has such a powerful effect
thateven touchingsomething made of it sends pain coursing
through a werewolf, and causes the automatic loss ofahealth
level to aggravated damage. Damage from silver cannot be
soaked or regenerated by spending Rage points. A weapon
made of pure silver inflicts the normal amount of aggravated
damage for its type. If the damage roll fails, one health level
is still lost for mere contact with silver. Unfortunately for
hunters, imitation silver, silver-plated items or even silver
mixed with other metals causes none of these effects.
Human-born werewolves in human form and wolf-
born werewolves in wolf form suffer no special damage
from silver beyond what such a weapon would normally
inflict. The werewolf-born suffer aggravated silver dam-
age in any form, including wolf and human.

Murarions

Those cursed werewolves born of two full-blooded
werewolf parents are subject to more than mockery from
their peers anda weakness to silver in all forms. Each and
every one of them is marked by some deformity, whether
physical, mental or emotional, that makes them stand
out, possibly among even regular people and wolves.

Those werewolves that give in to the corruption that
most fight — the Wyrm — have it even worse. It doesn't
matter whether they were human-, wolf- or werewolf-born,
they all suffer multiple mutations, also drawn from the list
below. Unlike the werewolf-born, the fallen among
werewolves bear their deformities with pride, not shame.

Anpnocyny

The werewolf displays both male and female sexual
characteristics and organs. The difficulties of Social
rolls are increased by one in all forms.

Anrinoromorenic Barvts Form

The creature's man-wolf form isn't distinctly lu-
pine. It's as huge and frightening as normal. It just
doesn't look wolf-like. Nothing about the creature im-
mediately suggests werewolf — even in this shape — to
a hunter viewing the creature with second sight. Obser-
vation edges might be more suggestive. The creature
does not have claws in this form, reducing damage dice
pools by two for such attacks. The difficulty of bite
attacks is increased by one.

CHAPTER 7-RULES AND STORYTELLING

Bau

From the moment this werewolf clawed its way out
of its mother's womb, it has been utterly hairless. As it
grew, it developed neither hair nor fur. This bizarre
appearance can usually be hidden in human form —
unless an observer notices the lack of eyebrows — but is
plainly obvious in all others.

The difficulty of Social rolls is increased by one inall
forms except human.
Bic Head

The werewolf's head is twice normal size, looking out
of place in every form. The difficulty of all Appearance
and Manipulation rolls is increased by two. The difficul-
ties of bite attacks in wolf-man, near-wolf and wolf forms
are decreased by two and do an extra die of damage.
Busncned

A werewolf that suffers from this deformity was born
analbino. Its skin is faintly pink, its eyes a blood red and
its fur pure white. It burns easily in bright sunshine
unless it takes care to cover its body. The difficulties of
Perception rolls increase by two in bright light, and the
difficulties of all Social rolls incr
Criprczd Nose

In werewolf society, to have no sense of smell isas bad
as having no vision in human society. Scent is as much a
part of these beasts' understanding of the world as sight is
tous. This deformity leads to the werewolf being pitied as
much as despised among its own. The pathetic creature
fails all rolls that require a sense of smell, and the difficul-
ties of all tracking rolls increase by two.
Devi's Mark

Asif tomark a werewolf as clearly tainted and unnatu-
ral, this one was born with two small horns that have since
grown into those of a ram, stag, goat or similar creature.

The horns increase the difficulty of any Social rolls
by three in any form in which the deformities are clearly
visible. The horns can be used as weapons and do
Strength +1 bashing damage.
Docrace

This mutation perpetuates a lupine aspect even
when a creature assumes human and near-human form.
Her face still has an extended snout and wolfish eyes.
Appearance is always zero.
Ferat T atons

The werewolf's claws are always visible, no matter
what form is assumed. The effect is extremely disturbing
in human form; the difficulties of Social rolls are in-
creased by two unless the werewolf wears gloves.

Firs

The shapechanger is utterly unable to cope with
failure. Whenever a roll is botched, make a Willpower
roll, difficulty 8. Three successes are required or the
creature falls to the ground, convulsing uncontrollably,

e by one.


and loses control of its bowels and bladder. The fits last
for the remainder of the scene.
Huncueack

The werewolf spine was twisted before it was born, and
the deformity has only become worse with time. The crea-
turenow has the aspect of the classic hunchback, mixed with
the appearance of werewolf. It is an unfortunate sight, even
to others of its own kind. Worse, the condition actually
impedes the creature's movement. The difficulties of Social
and Dexterity rolls are increased by one.

Cenvuee Hive

This deformity results in the werewolf having tough,
hard skin. The condition is difficult to hide in human
form, and impossible to hide in all others as darkened,
stiff skin and patchy tufts of hair are evident. The skin
also smells and constantly itches. The werewolf's Ap-
pearance can never be more than 1, but it gains an extra
die on soak rolls as its tough skin absorbs damage. The
difficulties of rolls involving concentration are increased
by one due to the constant itching.
Moonsrruck

The creature suffers the insanity traditionally associ-
ated with werewolves. Anytime it is ina stressful situation,
makea Willpower roll, difficulty 8. Three or more successes
are needed or the creature gains one of the derangements
from the Hunter rulebook (p. 203) or from Hunter Book:
Wayward (p. 82) for the remainder of the scene.
Run

Whether the werewolf was the smallest in the litter
or he just stunted his growth by smoking at a young age,
the creature is small. Wolf form is the size of a medium-
sized dog, whereas wolf-man form is only about six feet
tall. The difficulties of all Social rolls made toward other
werewolves are increased by two.

Suzen Hibzoushess

This mutation can manifest in many ways: festering
boils on the face, half of the body covered with hairy
moles, or brittle skin that cracks and bleeds constantly.
Whatever the case, Appearance is zero in all forms.
Stekty

Illnessand disease arenotconcerns for most werewolves.
Their immune systems are far stronger than those of
humans. Not so for werewolves with this deformity. They
catch every disease that they come into contact with.
Although they usually fight it off in the end, their constant
state of illness means they are less healthy than other
werewolves. The creature has no Bruised health level.
Sicurtess

The werewolf was born with two empty sockets where
its eyes should be. While this problem is worse in human
form, remaining senses can compensate in other forms. The
werewolf fails all rolls that require sight, although other
senses allow it to move and fight, so the Blind Combat rules
(Hunter, p. 196) donotapply unless the creature isin human

form. Also, for a werewolf suffering this deformity the
difficulty to disappear is never lower than 9.
Srunreo Line

One of the werewolf's limbs has failed to develop
properly, becoming little more than bones witha thin layer
of flesh. The limb, while not quite useless, is much weaker
than it should be. If the werewolf leg is stunted or a beast
afflicted with any stunted limb is in near-wolf or wolf form
its movement is reduced by a third. The difficulties of
Dexterity rolls that involve an arm are increased by two.

Taittess

Tailsare notjustadornmentsforwolvesand werewolves,
they play a role in communication and physical balance. In
man-wolf, near-wolf and wolf forms, the difficulties of
Social and Dexterity rolls increase by one.

Riruats

Sutton awoke abruptly in the middle of the night, but that
wasn't what struck him as strange. After his first time, he
frequently woke from bad dreams — or couldn't sleep at all. But
this time he was sleeping soundly. Disturbingly, the first thing that
alerted him to trouble was a buming smell. Not the acrid wood
smell of a house on fire, but something else. It sort of smelled like
pot. But Sutton hadn't smoked any weed—not recently anyway.

Struggling out of bed, he opened the door to the living
room and immediately spotted the small leather bag hanging
from the lampshade. It was smoldering, and it sure as hell
hadn't been there when he went to bed.

Then he heard the howls...

One of werewolves' greatest strengths, beyond even
their shapechanging and inhuman capabilities, is their
ability to work together. Unlike many predators that are
essentially solitary or at least self-interested, werewolves
are capable of working in packs, coordinating their
efforts and backing up each other. Such cooperation
doesn't apply only to stalking and fighting, though.
They are also capable of pooling their supernatural
powers to create effects that are much more potent and
terrifying than their individual spells alone.

By gathering together and praying, sacrificing and
making offerings to the spirits they worship, shapechangers
are able to call on vast mystical forces. Most rituals require
a minimum of three werewolves, one of whom must lead
the ceremony and focus on it for the duration. If her
concentration is broken, the ritual is ruined. Rituals are
holy and spiritual affairs. Shapeshifters react violently
and fanatically to anyone who interrupts.

The following rituals are available to werewolves in
addition to the spells at their disposal (as detailed in the
Hunter Storyteller Companion, p.45).

How Trey Work

Werewolves believe that by gathering in numbers
and calling upon the spirits, they can be granted boons


that they could not achieve individually. They do their
best to attract spirits' attention by making sacrifices,
howling, singing, dancing and performing specific ac-
tivities for each ritual.

The ceremoniesare typically performed in holy places,
usually those maintained or protected by changer colo-
nies. Use of such sites isn't always possible or even
desirable, though. A rite may require closer proximity to
its focus or have detrimental effects on the surroundings.
In these cases, the creatures spare a few of their number to
watch over the ritual in progress and to protect it from
external interference. Thin-blooded kin can also be used
for such guard duty if they're available and amenable.

What do these rituals look like to hunters? The
werewolf attendees certainly seem to be up tosomething
mystical — something cultlike or even pagan. Rarely do
the invoked spirits actually appear in the physical world,
so the performing creatures probably seem directly re-
sponsible for any "magic" effects that result.

If hunters watch a ritual, describe its progress in some
detail, conveying a build-up to some climax anda palpable
hint of power in the air. As any onlookers have to be using
second sight just to observe, they sense a significant wrong-
ness to the whole scene. Rituals can be performed by
changers inany form. Indeed, some rituals require chanting
by anumber of werewolves in different forms. Sacrifices of
objects, animals or people is common. Many rituals de-
mand bodily fluids —blood, semen, urine, feces orsaliva—
or other substances — ash, mud, plant extracts or paint —
to anoint participants or to draw mystical symbols on the
ground, trees or stones. Symbolic acts of sex or violence are
used in some cases, and fire often features prominently.

The amount of time a ritual takes to perform de-
pends on its intensity.

© Common rituals require at least 10 minutes

¢ Uncommon rituals require at least 30 minutes

© Rare rituals require at least an hour

When the requisite time passes without the
ritual leader being interrupted, make the roll re-
quired for the rite.

Each werewolf taking place in the ritual that is seri-
ously distracted for more than a minute — by entering
combat, moving away from the immediate area of the ritual
master or starting a conversation with someone outside the
ceremony — adds one to the difficulty of the ritual roll. If
the difficulty exceeds 10, the rite fails automatically, but
the performance doesn't have to end prematurely. It can
proceed ifany participantsarestill involved. The werewolves
and interfering hunters collectively learn whether the
ceremony succeeds or fails at its climax.

Ifa ritual is performed out of hunter view, make the
requisite roll assuming that all the preparations are
made and performed correctly, or just decide the result
based on the needs of your story.

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND STORYYE

Common Rivuats

Rrrunt oF AwaReness

A werewolf can become so attuned to an area
around her that she is aware of everything that happens
there. The ritual master gazes intently into a bowl of
water taken from a flowing source in the region and
urinates on the ground in front of her. The other
werewolves encircle her, growling softly.

System: Spend one Rage point for the ritual master
and roll her Perception + Occult against a difficulty based
on the table below. Each success allows the master to see
one event happening within the area, as chosen by her.
Events can be seen only as they happen. If the roll fails,
she sees nothing. If it botches, she sees what she hopes or
fears tosee, not reality. The effects of the ritual last for one
hour per success gained, and the master doesn't have to
remain in the locale to know what goes on there.

Area Difficulty
Small clearing 5
Meeting hall 6
Large house 7
Acre ofland 8
Small Forest 9

Rrvuat oF GHancinG

Werewolves use this ritual to keep track of a child that
one day may be one of their own. The ritual must be
conducted at night within amonth of the child's birth, even
if that requires the baby being kidnapped from his parents.
The child is "baptized" with ashes and werewolf blood while
attendees cry out their joy at a possible new werewolf being
born. Symbols are etched on the child's ears, nose, eyelids
and tongue. The baby is then held up to the moon at the end
of the ceremony and the werewolves howl to the spirits,
asking them to look after the child. Thereafter, if the child
is endangered, about to undergo its first change or moved a
long distance, the ritual performers are alerted and intu-
itively know where to find the child. Hunters trying to
protect or hide parents and their child from werewolves may
find their every attempt mysteriously thwarted.

System: Spend one Rage point for the ritual master
and roll Charisma + Occult (difficulty 7). The more
successes achieved, the more information and detail the
werewolves receive about any danger or significant
change that arises for the child. The effects of this ritual
can persist for years, usually until a child undergoes the
first change or proves to be of impure blood.

Riruat oF Finpine

This ritual allows performing werewolves to track
the location of a known object or person. Attendees
must know the name of the person, have some part of an
object sought or possess something from the subject's
home or resting place. The ritual master fashions a
dousing rod while other participants chant or howl to
the spirits for guidance.


System: Spend one Rage point for the ritual master and
roll Wits + Occult (difficulty 7). The ritual conveys a sense
of where the subject can be found — approximate distance
and direction—at the time of the rite's performance, but not
its exact location. This ritual cannot be used to find a place.
Rivuat oF Power

This rite can be conducted only in a werewolf holy
place. Werewolves call upon the spirits to choose one of
them as a champion. They then anoint the chosen
werewolf (who must assume wolf-man form) with paint,
blood and other substances. If the ritual is successful, the
werewolf gains power for a particular mission.

System: Spend two Rage points for the ritual master
and roll Wits + Occult (difficulty 7). A number of dice
equal to the number of successes achieved are added to the
chosen creature's dice pools when taking actions that
further his mission. These bonus dice are all added to any
applicable roll. The effect lasts for the remainder of the
story or until the mission is completed. The mission must
be stated clearly at the beginning of the ritual, and the
goal must be achievable. "To slay a certain person," "to
destroy a building and its inhabitants" or "to discover who
threatens our holy place" are all valid examples.

Uncommon Rivuats

Rrvuat oF Fear

This ritual is used to punish and terrify humans who
have offended shapechangers, either directly or by harm-
ing the earth, without killing the people immediately.
Participants are able to harry and pursue victims for
hours without those people falling into the normal
catatonia that the creatures induce.

A bag of mixed herbs is lit and placed within 10 feet
of a sleeping victim. If more people are in the vicinity,
they can all be affected. The ritual itself is performed
some distance away. The werewolves enumerate a
subject's crimes while calling upon the spirits for ven-
geance. When the ritual is complete, the subject snaps
awake and the hunt begins.

System: Spend two of the ritual master's Rage points
and roll his Charisma + Occult (difficulty 7). If the roll
succeeds, the subject can see werewolves (and only
werewolves) for what they are for one hour per success
achieved. Ifthe victim isahunter, she can see any werewolves
without need of second sight or observation edges, but is
denied the protection against mental and emotional at-
tacks and body control that spending Conviction confers.
Indeed, Conviction cannot be spent to gain second sight or
to gain protection from the powers of any kind of monster
for the duration of the ritual. A reflexive Conviction roll
(Hunter, p. 133) might be made for a sleeping hunter to
resist the effects of the ritual before it takes hold.

Victims of this rite are stalked and harried by rite
performers, although any werewolf can stand before them
without inducing mind-numbing fear. Whether a subject

is killed at the end of the hunt is up to the shapechangers
involved. Once the ritual has been performed success-
fully, participating werewolves always have a sense of a
target's location for the ritual's duration.

Rivuat oF PURIFICATION

This ceremony is performed to clear an area of what
werewolves consider corruption. In essence, it drives
supernatural influence from a place, potentially forcing
ghosts and physical creatures from the vicinity.

Werewolves perform the ritual by marking a circle
around the perimeter. Participants walk counter-clock-
wise it, waving branches, spilling blood and water from
unpolluted streams, and howling.

System: Spend one Rage point for the ritual master for
the land tobe cleansed, and then an additional pointforeach
person, creature or object within that area that specifically
needs to be purified. Roll the ritual master's Charisma +
Occult (difficulty 7). Any supernatural powers that have a
prolonged effect or that are active in the area are terminated
(other werewolf spells and hunter edges are not affected).
Terminated powers can be used or renewed afterward in the
area normally, but must be performed again.

Similarly, any supernatural creatures in the area (not
including shapechangers, their kin or hunters) are subject
to harm. They suffer one level of bashing damage for each
success achieved in the roll. Possession victims are not
harmed, but their controlling spirits are. People under
direct supernatural influence such as vampires' blood slaves
are affected (such people are not freed from supernatural
control, though). A person who was once a possession
victim or blood servant and who appeared wrong to second
sight as a result now seems ordinary again. (These "liber-
ated" people still cannot be imbued thereafter, though.)

The maximum area that can be cleansed is five yards,
multiplied by the number of werewolves participating.
Rrvuat oF Vravec

The ritual allows a group of werewolves to travel
from one of their holy places to another natural area
anywhere on the earth that's free of any signs of human
influence. The effect can be used to escape quickly or to
launch an unexpected attack. Participants focus on
their destination and mission while the ritual master
offers an enchanted stone to the moon. Each werewolf
howls its own plea for a safe journey.

System: Spend three of the master's Rage points and
roll her Wits + Occult (difficulty 8). If the roll succeeds, the
ritualists disappear simultaneously and reappear at their
chosen destination almost instantaneously. Only those
participating in the ritual may travel in this way. Hunters
can't join them; they're bound to the material world.

Rare Rivuats

Rrvuat oF Roine
This is a more grievous version of the Ritual of
Fear. It's performed on someone who has repeatedly


ES AND STORYTELLING

offended werewolves or the Mother Spirit but

who has proved difficult to punish. Performers

take evidence of the subject's crime — whether
abloody weapon, a victim's corpse, an accountant's
report on environmentally destructive construc-
tion, or even a hunter's journal that describes his
work against shapeshifters — and gather where the
perceived crime occurred (or close to it). Then they
ritually destroy the evidence and lay waste to the place.

System: Spend five of the ritual master's Rage points
and roll her Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty 7).
If the roll succeeds, the victim ages one year per day until
the ritual master lifts the curse or is killed. The Respire,
Restore or Rejuvenate edges can be used to extend the
victim's life. Each success achieved on such an edge roll
staves off the ritual effects for one day. Ifa hunter gets four
successes on a Restore roll, for example, the person she

treats does not age at an accelerated rate until four days
pass. Only one effort to delay the effects of this rite can
be made on asingle subject. Any other attempts with
any other edges have no result. (Successive uses of
Restore or Respire cannot prevent the subject's
aging indefinitely, for example.) A hunter's active
Conviction cannot protect him against or prevent

the effects of this rite.

Rivuat oF Gonceatmenr

This rite is used to conceal a werewolf holy place
that is under active threat of discovery by humans —
or hunters. The ritual master walks the bounds of the
holy place while attendants mark the boundaries
with urine, feces and clawed markings. Once the
ritual has been completed, anyone attempting to find
the place is probably lost, traveling in circles or
completely losing their sense of direction. The
werewolves can then pick them off at will. Effects of
the ritual persist as long as the shapechanger commu-
nity resides at or presides over the holy place, or until
a new ritual is performed.

System: Spend 10 Rage points among the partici-
pants. Roll the ritual master's Wits + Occult (difficulty 7).
Any participating werewolf may spend a Willpower point
to guarantee a success. A Willpower roll (difficulty 6)
must be made for anyone attempting to find the holy
place. If that roll does not exceed the number of successes
that the werewolves achieved, the person becomes hope-
lessly lost. Hunters with active Conviction make the roll
at difficulty 4, instead. Another Willpower roll can be
made fora lost person every three hours, but the difficulty
increases by one each time. Ifshe tries to leave the way she
came, the difficulty is reduced by one for each attempt
until it returns to the base level and the search has come
to naught. One Conviction point has to be spent to gain
the reduced difficulty each time hunters try to continue
a search. Spending Willpower points does not gain in-
truders automatic successes on their search rolls.

a &


Beasts That Walk as Men

They lurk in the wild places where people fear
to tread. They stalk the cities and prey upon the
unsuspecting masses. Man-beasts, shapechangers,
werewolves. The name doesn't matter. They're
abominations. Part human, part nature — and
a violation of both. That's why hunters set out
to prove who's the real king of the beasts, once

and for all.
Never Cry Wolf

Hunter: The Moonstruck explores the savage
realm of shapechangers as hunters perceive it,
learning the strengths, goals and weaknesses of
the man-beasts. The predators may seek to cull
the human herd, but now they discover that the
flock has grown teeth of its own. The hunters
become the hunted.

15

WHW.WHiTE-WOLT. com
