# File: The Hierarchy.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook for ut!
Wath he Oblivion" 24 Bye


by jackie Cassada



mec SS

> q
vas

Stars in your multitudes
Scarce to be counted

Filling the darkness
With order and light

You are the sentinels ‘ :
Silent and sure XS
Hl Keeping watch in the night ay
WH Keeping watch in the night SR
You know your place in the sky
P You hold your course .
And your aim
And each in your season
Returns and returns

And is always the same...
— Herbert Kretzmer, "Stars,"

Les Miserables


Credits

Written by: Jackie Cassada with Allen Tower

Development by: Jennifer Hartshorn, Ethan Skemp and
Cynthia Summers

Editing by: Laura Perkinson

Art Direction by: Richard Thomas.

Art by: Omaha Perez, Daryll Elliott, H. J. McKinney
Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

Cover Art: Larry MacDougall

Layout and typesetting by: Matt Milberger (with only
miniscule assistance from Kathleen Ryan)

780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD
SUITE ONE HUNDRED
CLARKSTON, GEORGIA 30021

se pl

CAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Re-
production without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Wraith: The Oblivion and The Hierarchy
are trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies
or products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised. Printed in Canada.

Special Thanks to:

Ash "Snack Pants" Arnett, for being a poor little rich
guy.

Rob "The Smoking Guy" Dixon...whose side is he on?
Chris "MY YOOHOO" McDonough, for getting a boo-
boo defending his Yoohoo.

Aileen "The Whip" Miles, for her culinary accessories.
John "Nose Flute" Park, for his many musical talents.

Kathy "Jill Pole" Ryan, for being the Narnian at the Re-
naissance faire.

Larry "Heavy Sigh" Snelly, for his search for a comfy
chair.

Richard "Kinder, Gentler" Thomas, for his new leaf.
Josh "Comics Insider" Timbrook, for learning the ins
and outs of the business.

Author's Special Thanks: To Nicky Rea
stant encouragement over the long haul, and for he-
roics at the eleventh hour.

for con-

In memory of my father, who taught me that there
were always at least two, and usually more, sides to
everything and who always looked for the truth con-
cealed within the truths.

What's New With White Wolf

The revised writers guidelines are hot off the

presses! To get your copy, send a SASE to:
Writers Guidelines
White Wolf
780 Park North Blvd.
Suite 100
Clarkston, GA 30021
OR email madweaver@aol.com.

Hierarchy


Table of Contents

Ghost Story: Verdicts 7 Ron

Chapter One: introduction Bg
Chapter Two: History 19 | \"
Chapter Three: Culture 55 N
Chapter Four: Archetypes 81 tp

C

hapter Five: Legendary Hierarchs 99 tF
Appendix i



don't know how long they kept me in
darkness, bound by my own chains. It
was my own fault, I suppose, going off
by myself in violation of every bit of

heard a call for help from one of my

Cohort, and I wasn't about to stick
around and wait for backup. So, of course, I blundered right
into their trap.

Going solo was my first mistake. Surrendering to the
ait forme: wes my
second. I didn't see that I had a choice, though. There

motley gang of Renegades who lay in

were just too many of them. There was no way my one
sword could stand against their six or seven assorted swords,
knives and clubs. I dropped my weapon and raised my
hands. Standard procedure. I half-expected them to sim-
ply use me as a hostage for their safe passage out of the
Necropolis. What I didn't expect was that they'd take me
with them all the way through the Tempest to their base
camp.

Sometime during the trip, one of them thought to use
my own set of manacles on me. Then they blindfolded
me. The chains functioned as they were intended, making
it nearly impossible for me to sense where I was going, and
the blindfold completed the job. When we finally stopped
moving, they shoved me inside some sort of building —
most likely their Haunt — and pushed me down some
stairs. They ripped the blindfold off, but left the manacles
and added the leg chains that went with them.

"Welcome to Hell," one of them said smugly. Then
they shut the door on me and left me in the dark. | tried to
keep track of the time, mainly to give myself something to
do. After a couple of hours, a pair of them came in and
pushed me around some.

ry: Verdic

A man is what he fights for.
— from Citizen X

"How does it feel to be a thrall, Mr. Legionnaire?"
The voice was a woman's, this time. I decided to forego a
response. If it didn't get any rougher, I was certain I could
tough it out. It got rougher. When it got too rough, I started
screaming. There was no harm in it, I figured. I didn't have
to worry about embarrassing myself in front of my troops.
They feasted on my pain for awhile, and then they left me
again. I tried to go back to marking time, but my Shadow
had other ideas.

Arguing with your Shadow when you're hampered by
Stygian chains is not the most relaxing way to while away
the hours. I finally won the argument, but I had no idea
how much time had passed in the meantime. It could have
been a few minutes, or hours, or even longer.

They repeated the process a few more times — the
taunts, the beatings, the feeding on my emotions. I had
just about decided that this was their plan — to have their
own private thrall to play with. I got to know my Shadow
real well.

Then it changed. The door to my make-shift prison
opened and they all trooped in. I counted six pairs of foot-
steps. They beamed a bright light in my eyes, which made
it hard for me to see them, but I welcomed the change
from the utter darkness that had gone before. I discovered
that if I looked only at the fringes of the light, I could just
make out their forms. Four of my captors were men, one of
whom was a very big man. The other two were women,
one small and one medium. The small woman stood near
the back, leaning against the wall. I figured she was prob-
ably their leader. The big man stood closest to me. He was
their muscle man. The man holding the light had rings
through several parts of his face; 1 could see them glint
whenever he moved. One of the other men spoke, the one
who originally "welcomed" me to their Haunt.

Ghost Story:

/erdicts" i


"We've come to a decision," he said. | decided the
smugness was a permanent feature of his vocal apparatus.
"You've been charged with crimes against the people of
the Necropolis of Locksburg. You will be tried by the
people's court..."

"That's us," the medium woman said. She was the one
who had called me a thrall. I wondered if she and the
Welcome Man were a pair.

"Shut up, Lucy," he said. "Let me do this." That told
me two things. They were a pair, and the woman's name
was Lucy.

"No more names," said the small woman in the back.
She was definitely their leader.

"You'll be given the opportunity to defend yourself,"
he continued. "Just like in a real Hierarchy court of law."
He emphasized the word law, nearly drowning it in all the
contempt he could muster. "Do you have anything to say
for yourself before we begin?"

I thought about it for a long time, all of ten seconds or
so, before I responded.

"You have no authority to try me," I said, my voice
hoarse from lack of use. "I refuse to cooperate with this
travesty of justice."

A couple of them snickered. Muscle Man shoved me
backward, and I got tangled up in the leg chains and went
down hard. "You've got no say in this," he snarled. He was
right, I thought as I labored to stand up.

"Help him up," a different voice said. The man who
had been silent up until now moved forward to stand be-
tween me and the light. I could see his face clearly; its
hard lines gave him a desiccated look — except for the
eyes, which burned with conviction. He grabbed the length
of chain that joined my hands and pulled. Seeing that,
Muscle Man got his hands on my shoulders and pushed
me back onto my feet. Burning Eyes glared at me.

"My name is Conners." His voice was quiet and flat,
like a stagnant pool. "I don't care who knows it." The small
woman in the back sighed. Trouble in the ranks, I thought.
A power struggle over the leadership of the gang. I was
collecting quite a bit of information about them; | didn't
think they had nearly as much from me. "You're going to
be tried, whether you like it or not. If you won't defend
yourself, I'll have to do it for you." He actually sounded
serious. "You might want to think about that between now
and the trial."

"Let's just do him," Lucy said. This time her voice was
whiny and petulant. "This isn't any fun anymore. Let's just
do him and get it over with." She started edging toward
me, one hand moving as if to draw a weapon. Muscle Man.
blocked her path.

"She's lost it, Claire...
gotta get her out of here.

8 The Hierarchy

I mean, Chief," he said. "We

He lunged at Lucy, engulfed her in a bear hug and
wrestled her to the door.

"Everybody upstairs, now!" Claire — I had a name for
her now — barked out. The others jostled past me. Pierced
Face pointed the light away, and I finally got a look at him
— then wished I hadn't. Conners was the last one out of
the room. He closed and locked the door behind him, and
I was left in darkness again. I could hear them make their
way upstairs, and for a while the sounds of scuffling as Lucy
worked things out with her Shadow occupied my atten-
tion.

I spent a lot of time thinking about the trial, and what
I would do. My Shadow was quiet, maybe lost in thought
like me. I didn't expect more than a kangaroo court with
the verdict a foregone conclusion. They as much as told
me that. I had two choices. I could play along with their
farce and try to defend myself honestly, knowing before-
hand that I would lose, or I could continue refusing to
acknowledge their authority. I would still lose, but they
wouldn't have the satisfaction of pretending to themselves
that they had given me a fair trial. I decided to tough it
out. The old silence routine had its merits, at least as far as
personal dignity went. I didn't have a lot of that left, so
every little bit I could scrape up would be helpful.

I wondered if they would enumerate my "crimes
against the people," or if it was even me they were trying.
I endeavored to give honest consideration to what I had
done recently. | was a Centurion, a patrol leader. | had
been one for years, and had no desire to aim any higher.
Locksburg was small, as Necropoli go, and most of what I
did consisted of patrolling the streets and giving directions.

Occasionally a transport train bound for Stygia would
stop at the old depot, abandoned in the Skinlands, to pick
up any thralls we'd collected. Sometimes we had a few,
the odd troublemaker or wayward soul who came stum-
bling into town with the look of Oblivion in his eyes. We
clapped chains on them and put them in a holding shed
on the depot grounds to wait for the next train. We used
them for labor to give them something to do between
trains.

My thoughts started to drift. Once or twice I tried to
make it to one of my Fetters, but | couldn't override the
effects of the chains. I was nailed in place. My Shadow
woke up about then and presented me with a brilliant plan,
only it involved summoning up a few Spectres and throw-
ing myself and all my captors into Oblivion. It certainly
was tempting, but I declined as gracefully as I could. I think
Islept for a time.

xk

They made enough noise when they came back to
wake the dead. I had time to scramble to my feet before
they opened the door. They brought two lights with them


this time, and hung them on opposite walls of the tiny
room. I could see that I was definitely in the cellar of a
small house. There were scorch marks on the walls, so I
could guess readily enough how the house came to be in
the Shadowlands. I wondered if it had been home to one
of the group.

They arranged themselves around the room. They had
brought some furniture with them, a small table and three
chairs, which they set up near the wall opposite the door.
Claire took a seat behind the table. Lucy and Pierced Face
flanked her, completing my triumvirate of judges. The
‘Welcome Man stood near the table, barely able to con-
tain his smugness. He was the prosecution. The Muscle
Man took up a position behind me, with his back against
the door. Conners stood between me and the judges' table.
My defense. He looked back over his shoulder at me and
cocked an eyebrow as if inviting me to say something. I
ignored him. He shrugged and turned away from me again.

Icould see them clearly now. Alll six were fairly young.
Lucy and Pierced Face were probably still in their teens
when they died. Claire could have been in her late twen-
ties, but I pegged the other three — Conners, the Wel-
come Man, and Muscle Man — for very early twenties.
From their dress, I could pinpoint the dates of their deaths
to within a few years.

Pierced Face was the easiest. With his shaved head
and multiple face rings, he must have been here for only a
few years. I wondered if he'd died from blood poisoning.
Claire, with her washed-out, downplayed attractiveness
and her proletarian clothes, I tagged as a radical from the
Vietnam era. Probably a college activist, maybe even a
professional agitator. Muscle Man, with his buzz cut, rolled
up T-shirt and dirty jeans, looked like a farm-boy from the
1950s — a tough farm boy. Lucy was Gothic, through and
through. Even when she was alive, I sensed that she tried
her hardest to look dead. And succeeded pretty damn well.
The Welcome Man wore a leather jacket with gang colors
on the back and a pair of ripped Levis. His slicked-back
hair made him look like an imitation greaser, instead of a
real one, so I mentally slotted him in the 1970s "grease"
revival era. Conners was the toughest to pigeon-hole. His
shoulder-length hair would have been daring in the '60s,
and too short in the '70s. He wore an over-sized army jacket
over a button-down shirt and dark trousers. I finally shoved
him into the '80s, partly because I couldn't think of any
decade more appropriate and partly because things were
starting to happen around me.

Pierced Face pounded on the table with his fist. "Let
the prisoner step forward," he called out, then spoiled the
effect with a snicker. This was my cue. I deliberately ig
nored it, and remained standing right where I was.

"Hey, pus-face, that means you!" Pierced Face sounded
angry this time. He looked past me toward the door.
"George, you're the court bouncer! Get him up here!"

George, I thought. I'll stick with Muscle Man. About
that time, George-Muscle Man lifted me bodily and car-
tied me forward until I was about four feet from the table.
Then he put me down, hard. So much for dignity. He lum-
bered back to his post.

"This peoples' court is now convened," Claire said,
her voice clear and resonant with authority. "Do you wish
to defend yourself for your crimes?" she asked.

I stared at my feet.

"Answer the question," she commanded. | almost re-
sponded to the tone of her voice, but caught myself just in
time.

"('ll speak for the prisoner," Conners said, moving to
stand beside me.

"Fine," snapped Claire. "Do you wish to make a de-
fense?" she asked.

"What are the charges?" Conners asked. He didn't look
at me as he spoke.

The Welcome Man stepped to the front of the table
and stood facing me. "You stand accused of the following
crimes: first, that you and your kind falsely claim jurisdic-
tion over the free citizens of the Shadowlands; second,
that you've kidnapped innocent people and sold them to
Stygia as slaves; third, that you represent a fascist, out-
moded regime that has no right to dictate to anyone how
they should act and what they should think; fourth, that
you use torture and intimidation to bully people into ac-
cepting your authority; fifth, that..." he broke offand turned
to the table. "I can't remember the fifth charge. Are four
enough?"

Claire and Lucy nodded in tandem. Pierced Face
snickered, "What about buggery? And being an asshole?
There's charge number five." Claire stabbed him into si-
lence with a look.

My accuser turned back to me. I continued to stare at
the floor. "You've heard the charges," he said. "How do
you plead?"

"Well?" Conners jabbed me with an elbow, trying to
get my attention. I gave it to him, turning my head to look,
not at the panel of judges, but at the young man who
claimed to represent me ina trial I couldn't hope to win. I
wanted to hear what he would say without any prompting.

"The court needs an answer," Claire said impatiently.

"Let's make this as simple as possible, then," said
Conners. "Due to the lack of evidence to the contrary, my
client pleads guilty to all charges."

"In that case," Claire began, "the sentence of the court is..."

Ghost Story: "Verdicts" 9


And that's when I lost it. It was not my Shadow, the
dark, festering part of my being that constantly provoked
me to recklessness and suicidal behavior, that was respon-

sible for my next actions. I just lost it.

"You don't know the first thing about justice," [heard
myself say, helpless to maintain my voiceless denial of what
was going on around me.

"Well, well, he does have something to say, after all,"
Conners mumbled, backing up to give me the floor.

Claire had other ideas, however. She stood up, man-
aging to loom over me in spite of her diminutive size. "The
sentence of the court is death by discorporation," she said.

"Awesome," Lucy said, "let's do it." Pierced Face
giggled nervously.

[heard Muscle Man stir behind me, and tensed. Still
standing, Claire held up her hand, palm out, and the room

got very quiet.

"The prisoner still has the right to address the court,"
she said smoothly, giving me the barest hint of a smile.
"You can plead for a reduction in the sentence, if you wish."

The way she stressed the word "plead" suddenly made
it all come together. She wasn't concerned with even the
motions of a trial, nor did she intend to impose the stated
penalty. I doubted that anyone in the room even knew
how to discorporate me. The worst they could do was hurt
mea lot, over and over and over again. And that's exactly
what they wanted to do, only they wanted me to beg them
to do it. Well, I wouldn't beg, but I damn well would set
the record straight. I threw my shoulders back as far as
they would go, and stared at my judges.

"To begin with," I said, "you don't know the first thing
at all about what the Hierz

chy in Locksburg, or anywhere
else for that matter, stands for." Pierced Face made a rude
noise. "Shut up, you pimply-faced weasel," I said. That got a
smile from Lucy, despite her apparent eagerness to "do me."

"Let him speak," Claire said.

"TL try to refute the charges in order," I continued, as
if there had been no interruption. "The Hierarchy doesn't
claim to hold jurisdiction in the Shadowlands; it does so,
in fact. If it didn't, what do you think would happen to all
the Necropoli, to places like this — wherever this is -
where groups like you have carved out a hole in the Tem-

pest to hide out in? The Legions that protect not oc-

cupy, protect — the Shadowlands are all that stand be-
tween you and the things that live in the Tempest. Have
any of you fought Spectres before? Or Deliriums? Or
Nephwracks? Or Shades? Have you ever seen them run

screaming through the streets of a city, snatching your "free

citizens" and dragging them into the nearest Nihil? If you
have, then you know why the Hierarchy stays here. If you

haven't, then we've done our job."

10 The Hierarchy

Lheard the door behind me open and close, quietly,
but I was ona roll. [ had their attention, at least for awhile,
and I intended to keep it until they shut me up.

"We don't kidnap souls and sell them to Stygia, ei-
ther," I said. "We claim them, sure, because if we don't,
they'll just wander around until they're snatched into the

Tempest and shunted off into the Void by something nas-
tier than we could ever be. Most of them don't want to go,
so we chain them up to quiet them down long enough to
send them on their way." I thought carefully fora moment,
because this was something that I still had trouble with,
even after years with the Legions. It was precisely because
of this that I avoided anything that would lead to a pro-
motion. Still, 1 could understand the reasons for what I
was about to say; I just didn't like it very much. "Not ev-
eryone who goes to Stygia gets written off," I said. "If they

they wind up in

have Fetters — and a lot of them do
the Legions, like me."

"And if they don't, you smush them down and turn
them into swords and pocket change," Lucy said. Cle

re
held a hand up to silence her. "Keep going," she said, a
little too amiably.

"Yes," I said, hoping they could hear my reluctance,
but there was no point in lying to them. "Some of them do
get sent to the forges. Those are the weak ones, the ones
who would only have slipped away into the Void. This
way, they're at least productive." I saw Conners shake his
head disbelievingly. I decided I needed to convince him,
if no one else, that my arguments held at lea

ist some merit.
"Look," I said, turning to face him, "in the Skinlands, what

happens to losers, to people who just can't cut it in the
world?"

1 waited a few seconds. Finally, Pierced Face took the
bait. "They don't cart them off to some factory and throw
them in the furnace," he said.

"At least, not since the 1940s," Conners said mildly.
So he knew his Skinlands history. I'd try not to let him
down.

"Those weren't losers," I said, "and those victims were

alive at the time. No one can justify that. What happens
here isn't the same thing. A whole different set of rules
apply here, and they apply be
who end up as part of those weapons of yours, the coins in

cause they have to. The souls

your pockets, these chains," I held up my wrists as Exhibit
A, "are all souls who never lived, really lived, in the first
place. They had no Fetters, no longings, nothing to keep
them from falling away into utter annihilation. In the
Skinlands, they would have gone on welfare, or preyed on
others, or died slowly of starvation and neglect. They would
have sunk to the bottom of the barrel no matter where
they were. Only here, where Oblivion grows stronger with
every soul it takes, we can't afford to let them stagnate.


The bottom of the barrel opens into a bottomless pit here
in the Underworld. That's why we find other uses for the
ones who can't be saved."

It felt like a lame finish, but it was the best I could do.
Even I couldn't defend everything the Hierarchy condoned.

"Go on to the next charge," Claire said. "This is fasci-
nating."

"Where's George?" The Welcome Man asked suddenly,
looking past me to the door. I turned around and saw that
Muscle Man was no longer in sight.

"He must have gotten bored," said Pierced Face. "Just
like me, only he was closer to the door."

"That's enough, Peter," said Lucy. "Sorry," she added
quickly, barely disguising her false apology. "Peter" gave
her a scathing look that didn't quite succeed.

"That's Richard," he said, pointing to the Welcome
Man. "Now you know all our names," he crowed.

I nodded. "I'm Daniel," I said. "And I won't even pre-
tend to justify law and order to a group who just doesn't
understand the necessity for some sort of stability for..."

And that's when the cavalry burst through the door.
A dozen Legionnaires armed with Stygian blades sur-
rounded the five startled Renegades. They put up some
resistance, but the fight was over almost as soon as it started.
I was still trying to make sense of the whole thing when
Muscle Man — George — walked up to me and put a hand
on my shoulder.

"Give me the password for the chains, Centurion,"
he said.

"What?" I found my brain suddenly full of fog and
spiderwebs.

"The password, so I can unlock the chains," he re-
peated, very slowly.

I gave it to him. He repeated the words, and the chains
slipped from my wrists and ankles. I almost collapsed from
the rush of sensation that coursed through me. I looked
around. The troops had slapped manacles on their prison-
ers. Peter was starting to giggle hysterically, muttering "This
isn't happening, this isn't happening," over and over. The
others were more or less in control of themselves, but they
all looked stunned and one or two looked angry. Claire
seemed dwarfed by the thick iron chains. She was staring
at George. I decided to do the same.

George had dropped the dumb jock pose. Now he
looked more like a Marine. He grinned, and slapped me
on the back.

"George Vaughan, Centurion of the Legions of the
Grim, on special assignment," he said. "Well done, Centu-
tion."

"{ don't understand," I said. "What did I do? And how
did you know..."

"It took me years to set this up," he said. "This group
has been giving us trouble all over the area, but we've never
been able to catch them in a charge we could actually make
stick until you turned up." Suddenly, I recognized the voice
I'd heard calling for help just before I was ambushed. "Now
we have them but good," he continued, unaware of the
shock that I felt but obviously didn't betray. "Kidnapping
a member of the Legions with the intention of destroying
him is grounds for arrest and trial. A real trial, this time,"
he added, "before a duly appointed court of Stygian law."

"Then what?" I asked. "What'll happen to them if
they're found guilty?"

George frowned. "If? Be serious, man. You heard them
order your discorporation. So did I. That's a capital crime."

"That was a bluff," I said, suddenly afraid for all of
them, even Pierced Face.

He sighed. "You will, of course, return to Stygia with
me to give testimony," he said. He turned to his waiting
soldiers. "Move them out," he ordered.

"Wait," I said hurriedly. I pointed at Conners. "He
tried to help me. Can't you..."

"Later, Centurion," George said. He detained me while
the Legionnaires escorted the prisoners out of the room.
As the door closed behind them, I got a good look at
George's face. He seemed just a little smaller, just a little
wearier.

"I've spent nearly five years with this group," he said
quietly. "I know them, and I know which ones might even-
tually be recruited into the Legions, and which ones are
hopeless. Conners has potential," he said. "So does Claire.
As for the rest..." he finished with a shrug. "Let's go home.
There's a train waiting at the depot."

I took one last look around the room before | followed
him out the door, up the stairs, and out into freedom. We
had one less band of Renegades to worry about, I was no
longer a captive, and I could return to my regular routine
— after a short jaunt to Stygia for the trial, of course. I
should have felt elated with our — well, George's — vic-
tory. But somehow, I just felt tired.

"Pick it up there, Centurion," George called out from
a few steps in front of me. "All in a day's work."

Ghost Story: "Verdicts"



|

he system. The establishment. The au-
thorities. The powers that be. Law and
order. The government. Management.
Since its inception, the Hierarchy that
rules Stygia and the Shadowlands has

fostered an image of strength and in-
vulnerability, power and omniscience. The Legions of the
Deathlords and the regime they serve see themselves as all
that stands between the society of the Restless Dead and
Oblivion.

Who are these bastions of wraithly power, and what
are their motivations? As its name implies, the Hierarchy
and ranks. The weakest wraiths
are relegated to thralldom or used as raw materials to cre-

supports a society of cl;

ate items and oboli in the forges of Stygia. Most citizens
content themselves with existences devoted to diligent
work, hoping to prove themselves to their superiors and
earn promotions. The colonies of the Shadowlands — the
Necropoli — began as imperial outposts to facilitate the
processing of souls, many of whom were destined for trans-
mutation into goods. Although most Necropoli enjoy at
least some degree of autonomy, the traffic in souls contin-
ues under the supervision of the Hierarchy's Legions. A
draconian system of justice guarantees severe punishments
for infractions of the rules, and it is the Hierarchy that
both makes the rules and enforces the penalties.

Introduction:

The Powers That Be

Men are mot governed by justice, but by law or persuasion.
When they refuse to be governed by law or persuasion. They have
to be governed by force or fraud, or both.

— George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance

And yet, for all this, the Hierarchy guards its own,
and by stemming Oblivion's inky tides, it guards even its
enemies. Racism and sexism are virtually unknown within
its structural makeup; any wraith with the strength to re-
sist Oblivion has an equal chance for advancement. Even
a few thralls have distinguished themselves enough to earn
promotions, to full Hierarchy citizenship and beyond. In
an Underworld full of Renegade and Heretic squabbling
and terrorism, only the Hierarchy is organized enough to ¥
show a united front, regardless of any internal strife. It
represents law in a sea of chaos, stability in a world of flux.
To many of its citizens, it is a society superior to the world
they left behind, and is thus precisely what they need.

Seen from the outside, or from the very bottom rungs
of society, the Hierarchy appears to be a cold, brutal, self-
perpetuating system, interested only in amassing power and
wealth for itself at the expense of weaker members of soci.
ety. Its critics are legion, ranging from Renegades who seek
its overthrow for any number of alleged corruptions to
Heretics who claim it impedes their particular search for
Transcendence. Even wraiths who support the Hierarchy
fear invoking the wrath of the Legions.

How true are these perceptions? Is the governing body
of Stygia and the Shadowlands truly a monstrous entity
second only to Oblivion in the threat it represents, or does
the Hierarchy suffer from a neglected public image? Who

Introduction: The Powers That Be 13


are the mysterious Deathlords whose decisions control the
destiny of the Underworld? What is it like to be a loyal
member of a vast "empire of the dead," to serve in the
Deathlords' Legions, to walk the streets of Stygia or to rep-
resent the forces of law and order in the colonies of the
Shadowlands?

How to Use This Book

his book provides a wealth of informa-
y| tion on the Hierarchy. In addition to
j)) allowing Storytellers to portray "the
establishment" of the Underworld con-
vincingly, the pages that follow are
meant to provide details and motiva-
tions sufficient to enable players to cre-
ate characters who can function successfully within the
system. In some chronicles, the Hierarchy will serve as

the "enemy," and the Storyteller will stress its restrictive
and punitive nature. In others, the structures that make
up the government of Stygia will simply provide the frame-
work from which a story evolves. Still other chronicles
will feature the Hierarchy as a flawed but ultimately wor-
thy institution which deserves the loyalty it demands.

Although it is referred to as a singular entity, the Hi-
erarchy is actually an intricate network of interconnected
power bases, each with its own guiding principles and its
own secret agendas. Stygian policy is actually implemented
quite differently from Necropolis to Necropolis. Whatever
aspect the Hierarchy assumes, whatever mask its members
present to the world of the Restless Dead, the talents and
desires of both Storyteller and player will be necessary to
bring it to life. The raw material is here, waiting to be
shaped by the forges of the imagination.

You're in the Hierarchy now.

Te aces Behind the Mask

© one theme or mood can accurately
portray the complexities found within
the Hierarchy's Byzantine structure.
However, there are several motifs that
offer unique insights into its inner work-
ings. These are the masks through
which the Hierarchy looks out upon the
world of the dead; these are the mirrors which reflect the
faces of those who stand on the outside looking in.

14

ah]

Responsibility

The burden of efficiently organizing and maintaining
the society of the Restless Dead falls heavily upon the
shoulders of Hierarchy wraiths. Bringing order to chaos is
one thing; keeping it orderly is another. The self-indul-
gent Heretic Cults and the sneering Renegade Gangs owe
their license to exist to the presence of a stable govern-
ment in the Shadowlands. Were it not for the sacrifice
and discipline of the thousands of wraiths who submit
themselves to the Hierarchy's authority and control, the
lands beyond the Shroud would soon be lost to lawless-
ness and anarchy. Eventually the inchoate fog of the Tem-
pest would destroy all that has been so carefully built.

Peacekeeping

Like any empire (and regardless of what it calls itself,
Stygia is an empire), there is always a need to preserve
order within the territories claimed by the Mother Coun-
try. Renegade and Heretic terrorists can be just as merci-
less and fanatical as their Skinland brethren, and many
innocent wraiths are caught in their lashing out for free-
dom. The Shadowlands are tenuously linked to Stygia by
the network of byroads through the Tempest, but safe travel
is not always assured. Since the Fifth Great Maelstrom,
the Stygian outposts and Necropoli in the Shadowlands
have become nearly autonomous political units. Still, com-
merce between the Necropoli and Stygia goes on, and the
governing bodies of the Necropoli pay at least nominal
homage to the Underworld's "capital." Hierarchy troops
are largely responsible for keeping the peace — both in
Stygia and in the Shadowlands. The Restless Dead are just
that — restless.

Oblivion Fighters

Despite its reputation for bureaucratic regimentation
and moral stagnation, the Hierarchy offers its share of ex-
citement and danger for active members of its Legions.
When all is said and done, the Legions of Stygia and the
Shadowlands are still the front-line fighters in the ongo-
ing struggle against Oblivion and the Spectres who serve
it. Some Hierarchy Legions dedicate themselves solely to
this endless war, belie ther
against Renegades, Heretics, or some other enemy — is
meaningless and only distracts them from the real threat
that faces the Underworld.

The Hierarchy


Opportunity Seekers

The Hierarchy provides a coherent framework for po-
litical and "material" advancement in wraithly society. Am-
bitious and determined individuals can traverse the Byzan-
tine politics of the Underworld and gain power and wealth

for themselves and their followers. Anacreons do not die into
their position, one Stygian adage goes, and the stories of lowly
Lemures who fought their way through the ranks to gain some
coveted position in Stygia or in the Shadowlands fuel the
desires of many wraiths who have decided that working
within the system and learning to use it to their advantage is

more satisfying than some distant hope of Transcendence.

Keepers of the Dream

Since its founding by Charon during the time when
Roman rule was at its peak, there have always been some
wraiths who saw the Hierarchy as the best means for find
ing purpose and meaning to existence in the Underworld
For these wraiths, the goals espoused by Charon (or, more
accurately, their interpretation of those goals) have in-
stilled in them an almost fanatical loyalty to the regime.
Charon's disappearance has only confirmed in them theit
need to preserve what they see as his legacy.

Heroes and Villains

No one knows what it's like
To be the bad man
To be the sad man
Behind blue eyes
No one knows what it's like
To be hated
To be fated
To telling only lies
— The Who, "Behind Blue Eyes"
epending on your point of view, Hier-
archy wraiths are either the good guys
or the bad guys. On the one hand, the

Hierarchy stands for law and order, tra

dition and stability. On the other hand
it represents imperialism, slavery and

submission. The kindly "beat cop" and
the bludgeoning riot policeman, the idealistic civil servant

and the corrupt politician, the guardian of individual rights

and the self-serving profiteer all have a place within the
framework of the Underworld's bureaucracy. Just as the Hi-
erarchy represents many things to many people, so too do
the individuals who make up this Underworld power.


Just as in most governments and organizations, a mul-
titude of sympathetic characters exist within the frame-
work of the Hierarchy. Many of the wraiths who have ac-
cepted the Deathlords' rule (and before them, Charon's)
are men and women of honor and integrity. Outsiders of-
ten condemn all Hierarchy wraiths out of habit. But they
fail to recognize the valor of the Legionnaire who regu-
larly throws herself at invading Spectres, or the compas-
sion of the Clerk who recommends the Enfants in her care
for the Legions rather than thralldom.

The fact of the matter is that the wraiths who serve
the Hierarchy believe that it really is the Underworld's
best (and only) defense against Oblivion. They could be
right — the Renegades and Heretics certainly do not serve
as examples of wraiths fighting with one heart and one
mind. Many Hierarchy wraiths are simply realists: not blind
to the faults of their government, but convinced that it is
the best system around.

Of course, some real villains exist within the Hierar-
chy. The motives and rationalizations for their actions are
complex and, when viewed from within, often quite rea-
sonable. After all, no one sees him or herself as "evil."
Most, in fact, consider themselves heroes whose actions
are justified and whose enemies simply fail to understand
the real picture. Legionnaires who hunt down and pursue
enemies of the state do so because they see themselves as
the forces of law and order, not because they are "the bad
guys." Anacreons who implement some of the Hierarchy's
most heinous policies do so with the conviction that their
actions are necess:

Like heroes, villains come in many shapes and forms.
Outright villains usually act out of the desire for personal
power, from a deluded sense of superiority, or because they
consider their actions noble and heroic. Opportunists see
a way to profit from the Hierarchy and do so as often as
possible; frequently they respond to bribes, making them
easier to deal with than villains with strong convictions.
Reluctant villains perpetuate the system because they fear
reprisals if they refuse to carry out orders; these often make
the most implacable foes because they face personal re-

taliation if they waver in their duties. Some few villains
simply enjoy exercising power or inflicting pain. These
are the stereotypical egomaniacs that give the Hierarchy
a bad name.


Using the Hierarchy in a Chronicle

Most Wraith chronicles, whether they take place in
the Byzantine, claustrophobic environs of Stygia or the
necropolitan sprawl of the Shadowlands, will include a
Hierarchy presence of some kind. In order to make this
presence seem real for the players, the Storyteller should
take care to portray any Hierarchy personalities her char-
acters may meet as fully developed individuals. She should
not only determine the motivations of the Hierarchy mem-
bers of the Necropolis in which her chronicle takes place,
but also endow those individuals with unique mannerisms
and detailed appearances.

If the players' characters are Hierarchy wraiths, the
Storyteller will stress the Hierarchy's merits and achieve-
ments; it is, after all, the faction they support. Its goals are
their goals, and its enemies are theirs as well. This doesn't
mean that the flaws within the Hierarchy need to be white-
hed, but they do have to be justified, often as "unavoid-
able." Most people are familiar enough with the fallibility
of governments in the real world and can understand how
it is possible to support a system that is far from perfect.

If the players choose to play Renegades or Heretics,
their view of the Hierarchy will be very different. The Sto-
ryteller must emphasize the oppressive and sometimes bru-
tal nature of the Hierarchy to her players, while retaining
her own objectivity in order to avoid the trap of portray-
ing her antagonists as caricatures. The contrast between a
series of harsh brushes with Hierarchy Legions and an en-
counter with a sympathetic
a favor can go a long way toward building an image of the
Hierarchy as a totalitarian government in which some good
sionally be found.

Senturion who does the Circle

may still occ:

djustor: Administrative title given to
wraiths who supervise groups of clerks
within the Hierarchy and who serve on
j| the staff of higher-ranking officials.
Annals of the Dead: A massive
SS collection of records stored in the
Great Library of Stygia which
chronicles the history of the Hierarchy.

Chancellor: Administrative assistant to the Anacreon
of a Citadel; the civilian equivalent of an Overlord.

Clerk: The title given to the lowest ranks of the
Hierarchy's administrative wing; roughly equivalent to the
position of Legionnaire.

Imprimatur: A little-known appendix to the Soulbook
of the Legions (see below), this volume's title is Latin for
"let it be printed;" in the Skinlands this was the mark of
official approval for publication by the Church of Rome.
In the Underworld, it is a court order of perpetual impris-
onment.

Inspector: The title given to those who administrate
a given area around a Citadel; the civilian equivalent of a
Marshal.

Itinera Mortis: The name originally given to the net-
work of roads connecting Stygia with the Shadowlands
(literally, the roads of death).

Legate: A Legionnaire, usually a Centurion or higher
rank, who serves as a special emissary or messenger.

Magister: A high-ranking official in charge of a spe-
cialized department or office within the Hierarchy. The
Magister of the Library oversees the archives within the
Great Library of Stygia and serves as the Keeper of the
Soulbook.

Magisterium Veritatis: The Council of Inquisitors
formed by Charon to root out Heretics in Stygia (literally
the Magistry of Truth).

Minister: The title given to wraiths who supervise
the Inspectors within the perimeter areas of a Citadel; the
civilian equivalent of a Regent.

Soulbook of the Legions: A Stygian Artifact, this
encyclopedic collection houses the captive and preserved
memories of Hierarchy wraiths who have witnessed sig-
nificant events in Stygian history.



the end is not yet.

For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against
kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earth-

quakes, in divers places.

All these are the beginning of sorrows.
— The Gospel according to St. Matthew, 24:6-8

he history of the Hierarchy is a
chronicle that mirrors the history of the
Skinlands, but where the world of the
living focuses on the evolution of hu-
}| man life, the world beyond the Shroud
concerns itself with the evolution of
human death. The currents of war,
plague, famine, and disaster that interrupt the course of
humanity's advancing civilization are the meat and drink
of the Underworld's growth and survival. But just as no
mirror ever provides more than a close approximation of
the reflected object, in the same fashion Stygian history
differs significantly from the world so darkly imaged
through the Shroud's twisted glass.

he Hi
he Mery

And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars
ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but

that

The Doors of Jruth

elcome to the Great Library of Stygia.
Here you will find a complete record
X4| of the history of the Underworld, from
its earliest beginnings in the darkness.
before time to the ever-changing
courses of the present. The fact that you
have presented yourself at this center
of learning and knowledge reveals to me that you are a
seeker after truth. The question is, whose truth do you
seek? The Hierarchy's truth? We have that, aplenty. The


Annals of the Dead hold the most frequently consulted
documents concerning the rise of our illustrious Stygian
government. Peruse them at your leisure. If you seek for
other groups' truths, there are some additional writings
which may catch your interest. Here in the Library, we
collect all accounts of significant historical events, regard-
less of the sentiments they express or the veracity of their
contents. Our job is not to judge, but to preserve.

Unlike most who enter these halls, you have been
granted free rein of all the materials contained within these
walls. That's very impressive. I hope the trust vested in
you is well-placed. I leave your choice of reading matter to
your discretion. My duties call me elsewhere, so I will al-
low you to explore where you will. I have left the keys to
the vault where you can reach them, if your quest takes
you that far. Do not let the cries these keys make as you
turn them in the lock disconcert you. After a time, you
grow accustomed to it. May you find all you seek.

— Hypatia, Librarian, Great Library of Stygia

€

Out of Chaos, Order

n the beginning, the Restless Dead wan-
dered aimlessly through the mists of the
4) Darkness, hovering like the shades they
were on the edge of life, yearning for what
they could no longer have. Those who
strayed too far in their wanderings fell
prey to the Spectres, and fed the dark void
of Oblivion, helpless to stand against its growing might. Then
Charon emerged and brought his shining vision to the world of
the dead. The society of wraiths took form under his hands,
establishing a bulwark of strength and stability against the on-
slaught of the armies of Oblivion. Where there was nothing but
chaos, he imposed an orderly society based on structure. This

social system became known as the Hierarchy, for it relied on a
tightly knit chain of command and provided a framework in
which each member of Stygian society knew her place and from
which she could make her most effective contribution to the
greater good.

— from The Annals of the Dead, being an Official Record
of the Deeds and Acta of the Legions of Charon


That's the story as most people hear it told, but it fails
to tell the whole truth. Some believe that the Hierarchy
in its present form only began in the Middle Ages, with
the adoption of the trappings of feudalism. For a real,
insider's look into the history of the Hierarchy, there's only
one source, and that's the Soulbook — if you're lucky
enough to get a look at it.

— Silas Fort, Centurion of the Penitent Legions,
Stygian Watch

Ancient History

In the time before time, the borders between the worlds
of the living and the dead were not so clearly drawn. From
time to time, the spirits of the dead would cross over into the
mortal world to act as advisors, as agents of revenge, or sim-
ply to glean some faint pleasure from contact with the realm
of flesh. Likewise, mortals would attempt (often successfully)
the more difficult journey to the Underworld. The travails of
Orpheus, Persephone, Gilgamesh and other ancient heroes
in the world of shades have since made their way into the
annals of legend, but their experiences were not isolated.

Within the Underworld itself, chaos reigned during
the earliest times. Only with the arrival of Charon, fore-
told by the Lady of Fate, did the beginnings of order arise.
Charon's explorations of the Underworld's great riverway,
his discovery of the Sunless Sea and the Isle of Sorrows,
his encounters with the forces of Oblivion that raged un-
checked across the length and breadth of the Underworld
— these things led him to the realization that an equal
force was necessary to provide safety for the souls who
wandered through the darkness. Through the efforts of
Charon and his Ferrymen, the Restless Dead built their
first society on the shores of the Sunless Sea. From there,
those who could make the journey to the Far Shores did
so. The others remained behind, and it was their need
which called Charon to an even greater responsibility: that
of maintaining a haven which could withstand and push
back the tide of Oblivion. Thus, from one man's dream,
the Hierarchy was born.

The earliest underpinnings of the Hierarchy begin with
the establishment of the Republic of Stygia, modeled after
the most powerful government then existing in the
Skinlands. The influx of souls during the period after the
formation of the Republic provided Charon and his Sena-
tors (the future Deathlords) with a steady stream of innova-
tions. The frequency of wars during the period of Roman
expansion insured a plentiful supply of labor and "raw" ma-
terials for the construction of the fabulous buildings of Stygia.
The Persian, Peloponnesian, Samnite, Punic, Macedonian
and other wars boosted the Underworld's population and
provided Charon with experienced troops to send against
the armies of Oblivion.

But wars were not the only source of souls. Unsophis-
ticated medical practices, lack of sanitation, and plagues
such as the one which swept through the Roman empire
in the latter half of the second century contributed multi-
tudes of wraiths whose deaths were caused by disease or
infection. Natural disasters such as the eruption of Vesuvius
which destroyed the city of Pompeii in 79 A.D. and the
great flood which submerged Ys in Brittany in 440 A.D.
played their part in bringing large groups of wraiths be-
yond the Shroud. Many practices common to the world
during the centuries before the fall of the Roman Empire,
such as gladiatorial combats, enforced suicides, and public
or group executions resulted in the arrival of wraiths with
highly specialized talents.

Although Charon's original reasons for organizing the
wraith population of Stygia centered around fighting
Oblivion and providing an orderly means for controlling
the passage of souls across the Sunless Sea to the Far Shores,
his fledgling Hierarchy of Senators and their followers
gleaned as much information as they could from the never-
ending influx of souls. Many wraiths who were influential
as leaders, politicians, philosophers, heroes or artists dur-
ing their lifetime were encouraged to bide for a time in
Stygia to share their expertise and talents with Charon's
Senate. Wraiths of the stature of Cicero, Hannibal, and
Aspasia often elected to remain within the Shadowlands,
either as a result of their own reluctance to set off for a
journey of uncertain destination, or for the promise of an
honored place in the society of the Underworld.

— Annals of the Dead

qhe Pax Romana

There are those who hold that during the period
known in the Skinlands as the "Pax Romana," Stygian
civilization reached its pinnacle of achievement. Although
this sentiment is most often voiced by the nostalgic old
guard who surround themselves with the relics of a by-
gone age, it fails to take into account the obvious growth
in wealth and might in the centuries that followed. Nev-
ertheless, the achievements of the Hierarchy (though we
had yet to be so named) stand in potent testimonial to the
bravery and vision of those who took upon themselves the
burden of leadership and wrested order from the formless-
ness which surrounded them.

The preservation of art and culture, particularly those
works lost to the world of the living, began during this period
in history. The construction of buildings in Stygia employed
the aesthetics of classical architecture, and are still consid-
ered to be some of the most beautiful in the Underworld.

While Rome ruled the world, bringing the benefits of
its conquered civilizations to the furthest reaches of the
known world, Charon gave orders for the creation of road-

al


The Soulbook of the Legions

No one is certain who created this price-
less treasure of Stygia. Some attribute its ori-
gins to Charon's desire to keep an accurate
accounting of the passage of history in the Un-
derworld. Others claim various historians as
the conceptualizers of this record of the ac-
tivities of the Legions. Almost everyone agrees
that only the genius of Nhudri, the Great
Artificer, could devise the means for captur-
ing and ‘preserving intact the memories of
wraiths, who witnessed the evolution of the
Hierarchy from a group of citizen-soldiers into
a massive, self-perpetuating society.

The Soulbook of the Legions is a massive
multi-volume collection of tomes made (as is
virtually everything else in the Underworld
that isn't a relic) of the stuff of souls. Each
page of the tome consists of an individual
wraith whose memories and beliefs form the
words upon that page. One of the highest hon-
ors accorded to a member of the Hierarchy is
to be chosen for inclusion in the Soulbook.
Every wraith who has sacrificed her personal
existence to the cause of historical accuracy
does so willingly, or so it is said. But there are
other voices who hint that not all the "living
pages" were so eager to join the ranks of pos-
terity. The archivists who tend the Great Li-
brary in which this Artifact is kept hint of
baleful moanings and lamentations emanat-
ing from the spines of the volumes, as trapped
wraiths bemoan their fate as captive storytell-
ers, forever caught up in the memories desig-
nated worthy of preservation.

Some rumors also state that some wraiths
"selected" to become part of the Soulbook were
chosen not as a reward, but as a punishment
for being unfortunate enough to witness some
of the Hierarchy's darker moments. These
hapless wraiths — many of them once power-
ful adversaries of the Stygian powers — are
bound into a single volume, referred to as the
Imprimatur. This volume is housed ina locked
vault within the catacombs beneath the Great
Library of St

The Hierarchy

Access to the Soulbook of the Legions is care-
fully controlled. Only the Deathlords and the
Magister of the Great Library have unrestricted
access. Others who wish to consult the
Soulbook must receive permission from one of
the Deathlords (usually granted through a
high-ranking household member) or from the
Magister of the Library herself. The Soulbook
contains valuable first-hand information on
various periods of Underworld history, record-
ing successful tactics, significant events, and
many other details useful to historians, admin-
istrators, and military strategists within the
Hierarchy.

To consult the Soulbook, a wraith from the
Shadowlands must make the arduous pilgrim-
age to Stygia, and then prepare to wait while
her request is processed. For members of the
Legions within Stygia, the wait is only a little
shorter. The only way to gain instant access to
the Soulbook is through the use of one of the
rare "soulhelms," Artifacts which combine the
powers of Argos, Fatalism, Inhabit, and Lifeweb
to enable its user to mentally reference the in-
dividual volumes. Only a few of these items
were ever forged, for the Deathlords soon real-
ized the potential dangers they posed and is-
sued an order forbidding further production.
The Artificers who possessed the knowledge
of their construction were summoned to a spe-
cial session of the Deathlords' Council and sub-
sequently disappeared (some say into the pages
of the Imprimatur). Since then, the existing
soulhelms have become the personal property
of the Deathlords.

On rare occasions, temporary usage of a
soulhelm is granted toa worthy individual who
demonstrates compelling need for access to one
of them. In those cases, an elite guard of
Equitaes travels with the soulhelm to its desti-
nation and remains as an "honor guard" for its
user. It is rumored that one of the soulhelms
was among the items stolen in the infamous
Renegade attack upon the Onyx Tower in the
1500s.


DidKag fo Cuorsipy MAN Y
Ssuonasa|}og jeIsadg Jo soreing ‘sinayayT ayeury

sproyypeaq] ap Jo spounory
ays sao} Yorem O2 pouuTapuod ‘fpeaig xAUG oy) Jo

S|

aya TYAN pauostduy si soyeUdS ,apedauay,, siya weyy
ploy siowns YAO yorodwg sy pasoddo oy sqesd0IsHIe
ueWOY dy Jo OTYsey ayy saye Gsadway aya urqaia daap
[oper parejost ue ur a]1X9 pasoduur-jjas Ur s]jomp OYA pur

soqeuag oYp jfasiay s]]eI OYA JUNE JUA!SUE |ryamod v Jo
gadstya siouina ‘mou tag "SHULUPTEUUL SDLP §,9UO 01 49]
aq A]UO Wed sHOJaSUNOD parsnd SOUL SHY JO 9UO Jo UOIN9}9p
ayp JO} Ao payout TUBWIYsTUNd ay_L "WAY 20j ULEPIO Pjnos

uoryD IYp SoU ay sem TUAMIYstUEG PUL AuEOUOINE

Jo wnsIpow awos play ‘shep asaypivs aya UL UoAa
uowAuay oyp Ing "Way poystueg ay Yossduig Jo app ayp Jo
uonduinsse s,uoueys 01 suonsalqo say) pasioa UatALOg
DUA Udy AA "Sor AYA 02 se ai|Ndads AjUO UD aM ‘S108
-IApe ISIN s,UOIYD Buowe ssoquassip "GoRy Ul ‘919A 194
J] spiopyaeacy auaaind ay paopul aie sioreuag jeu ay

Bye]

‘santjeuosind sayy ueYa ayser suoRsod sey UO UOLUA

JOYIOYM ULE1I9 JO} MOU 49A9 ]]IM 9UO OU ‘STYA JO snd

4v snd0y puv ANUap! 19yp [e99uOD 01 syseUL_UOp s[eIdIJO
otjqnd aeyp duaasisut s UOIeYD 02 anp LaAsmMoyY "UMOL 2q
soaau Abu sTyp Jo tn ay_| TuauTEIAA08 perdu ue premio
Daou! SUOIeYD YAM pasiBesip o11gndoy sty Jo UoHeUO}
aya UL UNTY Asisse_O1 UOILYD Aq UdsOYD UdAas [BUTSIIO dy JO
duo sea] 38 IY pozoUNL st a AaTUTUENbs pur aovz8 YIM
ayn Uy aBueyp saya pardaoose spropyaeaq] ayp [BION
pracy ayr fo spounyy
YaULAqe'] ay) WoY sanndadg Jo UOIseAU! ay PUL WONs
[RW atp Aq AYBNoIm UOHONSop ay Aedar 01 s19>410m Jo
WUAWASH]UI aya AOJaq UaAd ‘AOL ys Pauunsse SUOITI]
YA OU! SyBEAM JO JUDWAINIDAI su ‘payjaars sIaquINU wy |
‘asuayap Jo AWE Mau seIBAIg UT saINBy Aay atULD9q UOOS
ay *eIBAag yo Auazi1D aya Buowe s9pso day pue

AN

Aq ap paensioyes 01 seav asodind Areutid asoya suerprens
SB -UdaS ad saBIINbY puv suoIsI] AYA 9dUO doy AY "AOU
ene suoreyS paidasoe ApsurypIa. OYA superar oy yo UO
-eZRII|IW 1918913 UDA UB UL pagnsar ‘AIa}908 URIBAIS JO

AquuBa1U! ay pouadearyp souasoud asoya sapesauDy Jo 19q

AAUNU oY) UL aseO.9UL 94 YIM BuOTe ‘9suayap Uo siseEydua
SIL "SaMIUAD [RIOAas IxXPU ay? JO} UOHUANI s,uOIeYD,
JO Iso paidnos0 UoISeAUT [ryssaddns 01 paroafqns aq UPEAe
49AIU Pps yoy Ato ev OUT eBIBAIG BuIpjINqay "omod

Hayy Jo UoHONpar fenaov ay 01 papuodsarzod YoryA ‘Sont|IG

-isuodso1 pur. snaeas paseasour Yat ‘spuo]yaeaq] U9Aas ay

awe?

J SIOIBUAG ST Os ‘s1Os] Ape podu PIp ay ang ‘areUag &
oJ paou ou pey ay ‘Joraduy sy "wiBAag Jo 1o1adwig SupW09
-9q ‘911 ang [Je UE PjaYy ay UONIsod ayp jo sBurdden aya
glesuty Uodn yoo UoIeYL ‘oasesip sty Jo oyvA YP UY

"uoHNAsap Jo YUL ay 07 LIdAIG
JYyBno1g pue spuejmMopeys sya ysnosyr adams wonsparyy
WAIN ASH oy ‘ATUOIYoUAs pouuE|d v ApUeII99 IsOUUTR sea
JY UI pur ‘pIp I! [Jp ING "T]e} pjnos awoy Jo aurdurg ayp se
[npomod pur sea os SurypAue wyp daayjag O1I]NOYyIP seas a1
‘woop Suipuddun jo suBis snoraqo asoup onrdsogy "yped a1oyp
ur SuryaAue o8eypid pue 100] 07 auisap v YAM s1OLeAL asayp
pangtur suenequeg Jo soqun asm Jo Uorssassod asoya ‘san
-oadg Jo pom Surat] tp OU! UOIsINDUT aYA 01 Ws}]EpULA pue
sovyp Surmoss ayp Jo Yon painqune siuase asoyy, ‘ond
"Wy OY? UTYAIA UONezIURBIOSIP pasvaroUT jo WTY O02 sod

-o1 yoeq BuIBULUg Uddq peYy Yoarau Ads suoIYD ‘19e0PO,

Jalyo uwUUaD oY Aq aWOY Jo UONEdN.0 ay puL oIDd
AU ULWOY, W1AIS9/K\ ISL] DUP ‘sH]MIsNsNYy snyNWOY Jo "G"y
OLp Ul UOHsodap ay) YALA ,"[]ey,, SM} JO aawp PeNIoV oY dO}
-dq Buoy] ‘astidans Aq eIBAag Yoor awoy Jo [ey ay ‘Burwo9
Uy aw Buoy B sea a YBNoYPY FYoue Jo ORNIVsUT oy
Kduioad 01 aumonns [egojs aU0 Jo asdeqjoo ay YOO a

eisls 40 aud a4

womyy fo maussassy Kap

-uostag D :soavq Cupyy fo wy ay. 4apBuadg vuuy
"yosury wew ap pip se Aaa190s UeIBAI jo
UOT VUIOJ 9YI YIA\ Op O] YONU se pey UOIeYD Jo Mopeys,
aya iy? urequIeW | Ing AI19 sry BuNYsI] Jo suvow owos
puy 07 pey uoreyD wy? Buldes Aq jo aornovid styp ssed

Apayat [IPM aug "epNSr]e> pu OI Jo suapses oup pouly
pry s1dqzeur BuUreY ayp 03 aoUuL|qLUIASA1 aUIOS 1eAq LIBAIg
Jo Sans ayI aUTUUNTT! Yoryar sayosor Supayp aya reyp
9ouapIoUtOd IU St AY "AvP s1y2 O02 Asisiad puL Udy? UDAE
991990 99¥{UOUNIOD d19M TEP SONDONL YI 01 S9A]9S
"WU PUTTY LIBAIS Jo yjGnday ay oz1]ap! OYA asoy |
suora7] ay) fo yooqnos

‘Ape, waysy ay jo areBaq ‘snpunoag sniav

*aOBy UIZOY B 99S |]1A\ | ‘AJ9SO]D 00} YOOy | JL IVY Iw9y | "pean |
yoryas uodn speos aya av Yoo] Ajaea | MOU UAAd AN "]eLOIwU
JoULOIS Jo ape Sutq Joy JJaskuut porejMeABUOd pur ‘sBuNp Jo
Ava oup se at pardaooe | "ya3uans su pay pue UoLAHGG 01 Aard
up ]]ey 2Avy Pjnow speos oup Jo soepINs dup dn apeut ouersqns

asoYa s[NOs ayI WY MoUy | ‘prend Oo} padjay | smoroyJOM

ay Aq adejd o1ur prey aida Aayp sv sauors Suraed pue
sypluq ayp Jo surearos ay 01 Jpasdur Burpoars 1aquiouaL | "uosear
dU ULE a1! JOJ speompeap ya Woy? pales Soy L
pvacy ay) fo sppuny —
"RIBAIG JO SaOYs dy 02 s[NOs BuIA WOdsueAI OF VAAL
sty 40y shem ayes apraoud 07 sea IUAIUT s,UOLeYD ‘spor
asoyp SuIpling Uy "yawap Jo speos aup , SIO] BIdUN],, OUP se
wioy? 01 J9J94 []Has syaTeIM UeIBAIg AULUT , ‘shvardq, Sv UMOU
aq 01 sued spel asay? Ysnoy] sadtay sya ysnomyp shear


The Great Library of Stysia

In 47 B.C., the library of Ptolemy I in Al
exandria was consumed by flames, and subse-
quently appeared — with its contents intact
— in the Shadowlands. A monumental effort
by Charon's followers relocated the library: to

his new city of Stygia, where it became the ce
»wing collection of relic manuscripts

ter fora gi

The Artificers soon learned to fashion pa-
per and ink from soulplasm to augment the
small supply of precious relic parchment, and
wraiths with a literary bent found the means
to produce lasting documents. The donation
of such works became one means for achiev-
ing favor in the eyes of the rulers of Stygia,
particularly when these item$ expressed lau-
Other
works, not so complimentary, also found their
way into the Library's archives through less
voluntary means. Scrolls and, later, books dis:
covered and seized in raids on Renegade and
Heretic strongholds were not destroyed, since
they provided valuable evidence in the trials
of captured wraiths. Instead, these often caus

datory views of Charon's governmen

There were ample warnings given. I, myself, risked

life and limb to bear tidings to the Senate that the might
of Rome was waning and that her time of rulership over
Europe was swiftly drawing to a close. I was called a
doomcrier, and worse, by the Senators. Charon, although
he demonstrated great civility in the doing, chided me for
my alarmist tendencies. My loyalty to and faith in him
was such that I doubted the veracity of my own percep-
tions up until the Maelstrom blasted through the streets
of Stygia. I fought alongside my Cohort at the foot of the
Onyx Tower until we were forced to flee to safer ground. |

was one of the few survivors of that debacle. So shaken
was I that I announced to any who could hear me the dark
suspicions I had begun to harbor — that Charon took our
warnings seriously and chose to ignore them, that he

gambled the very existence of Stygia in order to create a

situation which would deli

er the reins of absolute power
into his hands. Those were my last words spoken as a free
citizen of the Republic of Stygia. ‘
ward."

-e now my eternal "re-

— lulianus Claudius, from the Imprimatur

tic commentaries on the Hierarchy were
egated to restricted rooms within the Library,
where only trustworthy researchers and oth-
ers with good'reason were allowed admission.
This compromise between the needs of
censorship and respect for the written word
epitomizes the dual nature of the Hierarchy.
Like Psyche and Shadow, the volumes con-
tained within the repository of the Great Li-
brary are a work of duality. The more acces-
sible books readily present the image of a be
nevolent, noble-minded, strong and disci-
plined ruling body. But in the dark recesses of
the innermost rooms, down winding stairways
and throug »s, dwells the other
"face" of the government of Stygia: this one
viewed by outsiders as malevolent, petty, ty-
Still,
are many honest facts in the volumes

lightless passag

rannical and obsessed with its own powe
there
open to the public, and more than a few out-
right lies mixed into the criticisms and dark
histories of the Hierarchy. Truth and Falsehood
share one roof in the heart of the City of Eter-
nal Death — and none, not even the librar-
ians, can separate them.

qhe Age of Rebuilding
In the
fall of Rome saw the rise and fall of numerous petty king-

Skinlands, the centuries which followed the

doms among the Germanic tribes who moved in to fill the
vacuum left by the loss of Roman leadership. Though re-
ferred to by some historians as the Dark Ages, for us this
period was in fact anything but dark. It was a period of
renewal and revival for Stygia, as Charon set about
strengthening his new empire. This he accomplished in
two ways — by increasing the structural defenses of Stygia

and by boosting the morale of his army.

The creation of the sea-wall to surround the Isle of
Sorrows took place during this period. The wholesale re-
pair and expansion of the roadways, and the rebuilding of
the Onyx Tower and other buildings destroyed in the First
Maelstrom, taxed Stygia's resources to the fullest. Fortu-
nately, however, the many wars, plagues and disasters that
took place in the Skinlands provided Charon's Legions with
ample labor and resources for the tasks at hand. A plague
swept through Europe in the 6th century, halving the popu-
lation, while in 543 A.D., a series of earthquakes in many
parts of the world swelled the ranks of the Restless Dead.


Aside from his obvious talents as a builder of empires,
Charon also demonstrated an uncanny ability to ensure
the undying loyalty of his followers. The creation of the
Imperial Order of the Sickle served not only to reward
those wraiths who risked themselves in the defense of
Stygia, but also to provide an incentive for other wraiths
to follow. The Shadowlands were still awash with Spec-
tres loosed during the Maelstrom, and Charon had need
of troops eager to do battle with them. The possibility of
attaining status as one of Stygia's elite warriors brought
forth many volunteers.

It was during this time that Charon realized the need
for a body of laws to regulate the activities of wraiths with
regard to the Skinlands. The need to keep the worlds of

living and dead separate and to prevent excessive interac-
tion between mortals and wraiths only partially motivated
the creation of the Dictum Mortem, or the Code of the
Dead. While it did serve to protect mortals, the Code also
formed the basis of the judicial system which became the
legal groundwork for the Hierarchy.

— Annals of the Dead

Not all the Dee

defining the limits of interactions between the Quick and

hlords were in favor of Charon's laws

the Dead. Though they appeared to be designed to pre-
vent meddling with the affairs of the living, in the eyes of
Charon's closest advisors, the Code of the Dead was de-
signed more for Charon's protection than for anything else.
By forbidding wraiths to have traffick with mortals, Charon
insured that none of his Deathlords could amass enough
power to threaten him. Anyone attempting to do so by
violating the Code would brand herself a criminal. It was
a brilliant political coup, since it solidified Charon's au-
thority over the Underworld.

- Anna Spengler, The Man of Many Face
ality Assessment of Charon

The Middle Ages

The political structures that emerged from the confu-
sion of the Dark Ages provided the framework for

Person-

pean nationalism. In the Shadowlands, Charon was quick
to note the successful implementation of feudalism as the
pattern for stable government. He adapted the society of
the dead to reflect the rigid forms of the monarchies of
England, France and the Holy Roman Empire. Our Stygian
government, having passed from republic to oligarchy to
empire, transformed itself yet again, taking on a new name
as it did so. The Hierarchy, so called for the first time in
the history of the Underworld, was born.

There were some significant differences, however,
between feudalism in the Skinlands and feudalism as prac-
ticed in the Underworld. In the Skinlands, land was the


s of power. The feudal system provided a practical way
to ensure the safety of the land by positing, first and fore-
most, that all land in any given country belonged to the
king. He apportioned out the stewardship of that land to
various nobles. Those nobles, in turn, parceled out por-
tions of their land to lesser lords held to them through
oaths of allegiance or fealty. These nobles and their fami-
lies were charged with the protection of the land and of
the people whose labor made the land fruitful. Those who
actually worked the land and enjoyed the protection of
the nobles and their knights paid for their security with
their personal freedom.

In the Underworld, souls, not land, formed the b:
for power. Ever since he first realized that the weaker souls
who crossed the Shroud were almost immediately sucked

into the Void, increasing Oblivion's strength, Charon saw
the necessity for taking measures to prevent this. Long ago,
Nhudri had demonstrated to Charon how it was possible
to use the plasm from smelted down souls to form lasting
items in the Underworld. Weak souls, lacking Fetters but
unable to Transcend, were the ideal raw material for the
forges of the Artificers. Their value lay in their plasmic
substance, which could be formed into building blocks,

tools, weapons, and other, more mundane possessions.

Writers of the Underworld

The urge to write and to publish lives
on, even in the lands of the dead. Many
writers and researchers remain tied to the
Shadowlands because they are unable to let
go of their desire to continue their studies
or literary pursuits. While the Hierarchy
does not forbid freedom of expression, those
who openly criticize official policy or pro-
mote iconoclastic viewpoints sometimes
suffer the consequences incurred by their
words. Many of these
by their tenets of belief (or prodded by the
suicidal impulses of their Shadows) to voice
very unpopular sentiments, have disap-
peared after the appearance of their works.
Some, undoubtedly, grace the pages of the
Imprimatur; others now swell the ranks of

uthors, compelled

the Renegades and Heretics or have sought
solitary refuge in the Tempest. Their works
remain behind, however, secured within the
vaults of the Great Library.

The amassing of souls, already a common practice in
the Underworld, became inextricably bound to status in
our fledgling Hierarchy. By definition, all souls belonged
to Charon — just as in the Skinlands, all land belonged to
the king. The management of those souls, however, w:
delegated by Charon to his Deathlords, who in their turn,
apportioned their allotment of souls to loyal followers. The
role of the Legions and the Knights mirrored that of their
counterparts in the Skinlands: to preserve order and to pro-

tect the wraiths who were the property of their liege.
— Annals of the Dead

qhe Rise of the Guilds

The formation of guilds, which disseminated and regu-
lated the knowledge of the Arcanos, stands as evidence of
Charon's efforts to empower the growing population of
wraiths who neither fell among the frail entities destined
for the forges of Stygia, nor belonged with the upper ech-
elons occupied by his troops and the now-growing admin-
istrative wing of the Hierarchy. The guilds arising in Eu-
rope provided his template. Not a few guildmasters arrived
in Stygia, their lives cut short by plague, famine, or hap-

penstance, and Charon made full use of these experts'
knowledge. In this fashion, Stygian society, already strong
at top and bottom, acquired a stable and, most importantly,
profitable middle ground.

— Annals of the Dead

In truth, Charon allowed the guilds to form because
he was, as always, an opportunist. The idea of forming groups
based on special interests and abilities we
ing apace throughout Stygia, and would have taken shape

already spread-

even without official Hierarchy approval. Charon saw a way
to use the guild system to his advantage. Through this for-
malized structure, he was able to exert control over who
would have access to the Arcanos. The clever manipula-
tions of his agents caused the guilds not only to guard their
secrets closely, but to enter into competition with one an-
other. Though it was not impossible to belong to more than
one guild, cross-membership was difficult and the means to

attain higher levels of skill were closely guarded. It was b
lieved that Charon advised his Deathlords to apportion pa-
tronage of the guilds among themselves, thus setting his

advisors into an adversarial and competitive relationship

with each other, and further insuring that his most power-
ful servants were less likely to unite against him.
— Amalie Millefleurs, A New History of Stygia

Plague and Maelstrom

Between 1347 and 1351, 75 million Europeans died of
the Black Plague. The swarm of souls, most of them too
weak to withstand the pull of Oblivion, sparked the forma-


tion of the Second Great Maelstrom. Even now, historians
are divided as to whether the sudden influx of souls caused
the Maelstrom or whether the resonance caused by the
upsurge of darkness from the Void triggered the plague in
the world of the living. Whatever the sequence of events,
the lessons learned since the First Maelstrom enabled our
government to withstand the force of the storm. A mecha-
nism for dealing with the massive numbers of wraiths who
arrived at one time was already in place. The Reapers of
the Skeletal Lord were ready with their chains to catch and
bind the weakest souls. Some few, a small percentage of the
millions, still retained Fetters to the Skinlands. These were
quickly absorbed into the growing number of freewraiths or
recruited into the Legions. But far too many had died along
with their families and friends; whole villages perished, leav-
ing behind no survivors, nothing to hold them to the world
of the living. The soul forges of Stygia were taxed beyond
their capacity for many years after the arrival of the last
plague victim, and great warehouses were erected to con-
tain the thralls that awaited their turn for smelting.

— Annals of the Dead

A rumor that was popular during the period of the Sec-
ond Great Maelstrom held that the Skeletal Lord had con-
spired with several Malfeans to unleash the Plague upon
Europe. Jealous of the number of souls who fell under the
purview of the Smiling Lord due to the incessant wars and
the Crusades, the Deathlord who ruled the Legion of Dust

saw an opportunity to increase his own power in the only
way open to him, the spread of disease. It was anticipated
that the Legions could not possibly gather in all the ex-
pected souls. The ones who fell through the cracks (so to
speak) would be the Malfeans' payment for their assistance.
Of course, this is only rumor, and no evidence has been
uncovered to substantiate it.

— Horace Venable, The Power of Rumor

qhe Crusades

The series of Crusades that marked Europe and the
Near East during the period known in the Skinlands as
the Middle Ages affected the Underworld in two ways.
The arrival in the Shadowlands of fallen knights provided
Charon with ready-made soldiers for his ongoing battle
against the creatures spawned by the Darkness. The reli-
gious faith of some of those knights, however, also gave
strength to the cause of the Fishers, whom Charon had
begun to see as the greatest internal threat to the Stygian
Empire. At a time when the need to strengthen the num-
bers of wraiths, whose existence provided a bulwark against
the constant threat of erosion from the forces of Oblivion,
was the greatest, the Fishers, with their promise of a para-
Sea, diverted the attention of their

dise beyond the Sun!
followers away from Stygia. This, obviously, Charon could
not permit.


The Knights of the Fishers, called the Crusaders, sig-
naled to Charon that the Fishers were amassing an army
independent of his own troops. Charon feared that it was
only a matter of time before the Fishers, who, along with
other proselytizers for the Far Shores, enjoyed succor within
the walls of Stygia, would begin to demand political power
commensurate with their military might. If sedition broke
out, there was a very real possibility that everything Stygia
had achieved to date would be swept away, as if it had
never existed.

— Annals of the Dead

The chain of events that led to the official disband-
ing of the Fisher Crusaders and the banishment of the
Shining Ones from Stygia originated with Charon's mas-
ter plan to secure absolute authority over the souls of his
feudal empire. The raising of taxes paid by the Shining
Ones was a deliberate provocation, intended to arouse
them to take actions that would provide Charon with the
excuse he needed. In their naiveté, the Fisher Crusaders
rose to the bait.

The abortive Crusader attack on Charon's palace
opened the way for a concerted effort to rid Stygia of all
unwanted influences. The Crusaders were betrayed from
within: it was a Hierarchy agent concealed within the Fisher
camp who suggested that an attack might actually succeed.
This lawless action on the part of the Shining Ones en-
abled Charon to take such drastic measures as sacking the
Fishers' temple and banning the Shining Ones from Stygia.
Thus ended the greatest single threat to Charon's authority.

— Stephan Godson, "The Mouth of Truth" (document
captured during a raid on a suspected Heretic stronghold)

What thoughts passed through my mind as I stood
among the crowd gathered to watch the immolation of
the defeated Crusaders? Sir Clovis, Sir Mirabeau, Dame
Linea, and others whose names have blessedly passed out
of my memory... I watched in horrid fascination as the
chains which bound them to the Pillar of Judgment were
set alight with the flames of Outrage. My attendance was
expected: my presence would impress upon the masses the
harsh penalty for treason — for traitors these Crusaders
were. A Cohort of Legionnaires surrounded me, an honor
guard to ensure my safety, for there were those who de-
sired vengeance upon me. I felt the anguish and despair of
the accused wash over me, and I felt my eyes drawn to the
writhing form of Dame Linea, who, I believe, had come to
love me. Even now I swear that she regarded me in the
midst of her own unceasing pain and torment with a look
that held both pity and forgiveness. She knew, as did the
others, I have no doubt, that it was by my actions that
their assault had failed. Long had I masqueraded as a Cru-
sader, while performing the will of the Smiling Lord, and
informing the Onyx Tower of Fisher plans.

I was assured that no punishment would come to me
for my participation in the attack. When the defeated
Crusaders were led away in chains to await their judgment,
I was separated from them and placed under close guard
for my own protection. I wonder now at how I ever thought
that I would be allowed to openly traverse the streets of
Stygia again. But I believed them when they promised'me
a permanent place in the highest councils of the Legions.
I was a fool.
— Sir Chretien de Grace, from the Imprimatur

Reason and inquisition

The Proclamation of Reason not only branded dis-
senters with the title "Heretic," it also presented the first
indication of our stand on the matter of Transcendence.
Up until this time, we still gave support to the goal of
easing the passage of wraiths through the Underworld to
whatever afterlife awaited them beyond the Far Shores.
Charon, after all, had once been a Ferryman. Despite their
official banishment from the city of Stygia, the Ferrymen
were universally respected by Hierarchy and non-Hierar-
chy wraiths alike. With the Proclamation of Reason, how-
ever, we officially denied the claims of those Shining Ones
who purported to be the agents of the various paradise
realms. The proof of their fakery was before us, and we
could no longer tolerate the perpetration of false beliefs in
a realm where belief had tangible reality. Although
Charon's edict was not directed toward the Ferrymen, who
acted only as facilitators for wraiths seeking Transcendence
and passage through the surrounding mists, it did serve as
a strong deterrent to those souls who saw their stay in the
Underworld as a temporary hiatus, a stopping point on a
longer journey.

With the issuance of the Proclamation of Reason,
Charon proclaimed to the masses of the Underworld that
they had only two choices before them: remaining in the
Empire of Stygia — and, thus, under our protection — or
consigning their souls to Oblivion. For most wraiths, the
choice was not hard to make.

— Annals of the Dead

Oh cruel, cruel man! A few simple words, and the
hopes and dreams of thousands were rendered into naught
but ashes. Link by link, I see it now, Charon was complet-
ing the forging of his greatest artifact, one which even
Nhudri could not surpass. By this, I mean the great chain
by which he slowly and inexorably bound all of Stygia to
him as his thrall. And to think that once I loved him and
sought, in my ardor, to sway him from this path.

— Niobe, Handmaiden to the Ladies of Fate, the Im-
primatur


a
SSA net

A oy
Nays

Just as the Inquisition was formed in the Skinlands to
seek out and destroy heresy, so Charon established the
Council of Inquisitors, called the Magisterium Veritatis. He
also created The Order of the Unlidded Eye as an order of
Equitaes under the command of the Magisters. Their sole
purpose, at least in the beginning, was to eliminate Heretic
influence in Stygia. Later, of course, as our influence spread
to other parts of the world, their role was expanded. Today,
the Ministry of Truth and their knights not only seek out
Heretics but also Renegades and other traitors to our cause.

— Annals of the Dead

Once a knight dons the mask of the Grim Reapers,
she is forever bound to her appointed task. It is said that
the mask bestows upon its wearer the ability to see within
the soul. In this way, treasonous intents are made plain.

At the same time, it is also rumored, the mask compels
the wearer to do everything within her power to bring the
traitor to justice. Of course, all this is mere supposition
and hearsay, but it does explain why the Order of the
Unlidded Eye enjoys such a fearsome reputation for dogged
pursuit of its quarry and why its members show so little
mercy toward their prey.

— Angus Macdonald, Master Artificer, Secrets of the Forge

The Age of Discovery

In the Skinlands, religious persecution drove many
seekers of religious freedom to the shores of the New World,
an arrangement which served the dual purpose of ridding
Europe of troublesome elements of its population and colo-
nizing rich, virgin territory with settlers at least margin-
ally loyal to their sponsor country. In the Underworld,
Heretics saw their own opportunity to distance themselves
from Stygian control by skinriding the Pilgrims, Puritans,
Huguenots and Catholics who flocked to Plymouth, Bos-
ton, New Amsterdam and Baltimore. Although we were
aware of this wholesale flight and the blatant violations of
e had too many con-
cerns at home to take immediate actions. The Renegades,
ever a threat to Stygia's stability, staged a rising, and at-
tacked the Onyx Tower. Although they were defeated, our

Charon's code that accompanied it,

victory was costly.

Once again, Charon sought to consolidate our power.
A policy of aggressive pursuit by the elite Orders of Equitaes
pushed many Renegades into the fringes of the
Shadowlands, where they would be less likely to affect the
Stygia's internal stability. Internal stability had suddenly

29


The Hierarchy

=

ee S Nat rn

become an issue of paramount importance. Throughout
the 1500s, wars and uprisings wracked the monarchies of
Europe. Many of these disturbances arose from the dis-
contented middle class who were beginning to question
the notions of divine right and hereditary rulership. Civil
war in Germany, peasant revolts in Austria, rebellion in
Ireland and the Netherlands — all resulted in the arrival
in the Underworld of angry wraiths. This upswelling of
anger, in all probability, helped to create the widespread
disturbance of the fabric of the Underworld which became
known as the Third Great Maelstrom.

— Annals of the Dead

Born of the fires of anger and resentment, the howl-
ing madness that emerged from the Void tore through the
Underworld, altering its nature forever. No longer simply
a mist-enshrouded, ever-present gloom, the Darkness as-
sumed an all-pervasive identity. From this time forward,
we called it "The Tempest." In some ways, it was a relief
for those of us who regularly ventured into its depths to
know its true name.

— Sieglinde, Centurion of the Storm Maidens

The matter of cause and effect has long been a gem
for Underworld philosophers to ponder. Did the freewraith
guilds take advantage of the widespread disorganization
that marked the aftermath of the Third Maelstrom to stage
their own uprising? Or was their attempted coup merely
an attempt on the part of the Shadow-ridden guildmasters
to secure their own destruction? It is true that in times of
crisis, the darker side often takes control. There are those
who believe that the guilds who rose up against the Hier-
archy were only echoing the temper of the moment, and
that in disbanding the guilds, Charon deprived himself of
much that could have been useful to him in the centuries
that followed. By driving the guilds underground, he abdi-
cated any real control over them. If Charon was as para-
noid and savvy an autocrat as it seemed, why would he
relinquish a ready source of power and talent?

— Anna Spengler, The Man of Many Faces: a Person-
ality Assessment of Charon

qhe Setting ofthe Shroud

In the wake of the Third Great Maelstrom, the Un-
derworld experienced profound and lasting alterations. First
and foremost, perhaps, was the inherent change in the
nature of the inchoate substance now known as The Tem-
pest. But there were other new factors to contend with:
the separation of Stygia from the Shadowlands and the
emergence of the Shroud.

When the last winds of the Maelstrom had blown
themselves out, Stygia and the Shadowlands emerged as
two distinct regions in the Underworld. Those whose in-
terests lead them to cosmologic speculations have likened


qhe Enlightened Century in the Skinlands

The 1600s saw an explosion in the field of
scientific discoveries. In astronomy, the dis-
coveries of Tycho Brahe, Galileo's observation
of the satellites of Jupiter, and observations
made by Kepler, Bainbridge and other noted
astronomers led to the formation of a cosmol-
ogy that differed radically from all previous
theories. Advances in medicine, chemistry,
mathematics and physics increased human
knowledge of the workings of the material
world. The discovery and settlement of the

New World led to rivalries in Europe as each
power sought to gain its rightful share of the
storehouse of riches across the ocean, and fur-
ther explorations brought even more territory
to the attention of England, Spain, Portugal,
France, the Netherlands, and Germany. But
even in the most "enlightened" of times, there
were still disasters, wars, and plagues. The fol-
lowing list of events, while neither complete
nor all-inclusive, offers a glimpse of the
century's darker side.

1601 — Authorities in Germany shut
down many brothels due to the spread of ve-
nereal disease

1602 — Plague breaks out in England

1606 — Guy Fawkes and companions sen-
tenced to death for participation in the Gun-
powder Plot to blow up the House of Lords in
London

1613 — Circulation of copper coins; Globe
Theatre in London destroyed by fire

1631 — Naples wracked by earthquake;
Vesuvius erupts

1648 — English Civil War between Oliver
Cromwell's Roundheads and King Charles I's
Cavaliers

this separation to a wheel with St as its hub, the
Shadowlands as its rim, the byways and riverways as the
spokes, and the Tempest as the spaces in between. More
modern minds posit a similarity to the separation effect
achieved by the use of a centrifuge, in which the densest
matter collects at one end while lighter substances form a
spectrum moving away from the "heavy" end. Onion skins
and spider webs have also been used to illustrate the post
Maelstrom order of the Underworld.

All images aside, one truth remains: Stygia lies in the
heart of the Underworld. Travel from Stygia to the
Skinlands involves traversing the Tempest, emerging in

the Shadowlands, and finding a way through the Shroud

1665 Great Plague of London causes
death of 68,000 people

1666 — Great Fire of London

1676 — Influenza reaches epidemic propor-
tions in England; in France, Louis XIV's dis-
satisfaction at a feast given in his honor prompts
suicide of famous chef, "Le Grand Vatel"

1688 Earthquake destroys Smyrna;
France at war with the Holy Roman Empire

1689 — Baden-Baden burned by French;
Heidelberg Castle destroyed

1692 — Clan Macdonald massacred at
Glencoe, Scotland

1697

the torch

London's Whitehall Palace put to

Why the Shroud descended upon the Underworld,
forming a nearly impenetrable barricade between the
worlds of the living and the dead, is a mystery that may
never be solved. Certainly, there are those who claim to
know the precise reasons for its existence. The most com
monly accepted theory holds that, just as the Third Mael
strom mirrored the widespread anger and discontent preva
lent in the mortal world, the Shroud embodied the grow
ing mood of spiritual disbelief and the ascendancy of "ra
tionalist" thought that heralded the Age of Enlightenment
in the Skinlands. It was, in some ways, as if the mortal
world rose up in rebellion, determined to put an end to
encroachments of the dead upon the living. After this, it

became more difficult, though not impossible, for the ac-


tions of wraiths to affect the "other side." More significant
to us, Stygia — separated as it was by the additional buffer
of the Shadowlands — could not directly interact with
the Skinlands at all.

The arrival of the Shroud thus not only coincided with
but necessitated our colonization efforts in the Shadowlands.
The founding of Necropoli, where before had been only
collection posts dedicated to funneling souls from their point
of entry to the processing centers of Stygia, came to be of
primary importance.

— Annals of the Dead

What the Hierarchy fails to comprehend, what they
insist on glossing over, is the simple fact that they had as
much to do with the division of the Underworld and the
coming of the Shroud as did those elements they hold re-
sponsible. Certainly the combination of the Maelstrom in
the lands of death and the tide of rationalism in the living
world played their part in restructuring the Underworld.
But consider this: the laws banning the Heretics from Stygia
and disbanding the guilds drove a dividing wedge between
Stygia and a large portion of her population. Add to this
the number of Renegades who fled Stygia after their upris-
ing failed, and the result should be plain to anyone with an
iota of understanding of how emotion fuels substance in
this mercurial demi-world. The Hierarchy itself created the
division between Stygia and the Shadowlands. The weight
of souls bound to the Hierarchy and to Charon's laws
dragged Stygia away from its former connections with the
living world. As Charon became more and more obsessed
with building a structure that could withstand Oblivion,
he also — perhaps inadvertently — erected barriers that
served to wall off the world of the living. And so, too, did
the Shroud come into being. The Code of the Dead, de-
signed to protect mortals from the wiles and whims of the
dead, took centuries to achieve solid form, but achieve it,
it did... in the shape of what we call the Shroud.

— Jacobo Fermi, spokesman for the Cult of the Great
Invention (transcript of speech given at his trial for mem-
bership in a Heretic Cult), Acta of the High Court of Stygia

Age of Enlightenment

What if you reached the age of reason
Only to find there was no reprieve

Would you still be a man for all seasons?
Or would you just have to leave

We measure our days out

In steps of uncertainty

Not turning to see how we've come

And peer down the highway

From here to eternity...

— Al Stewart, "A Man for All Seasons"

The Rise of the Middle Class

Despite the increasing difficulties in communication
between Stygia and the Shadowlands, we continued to keep
pace with developments in the Skinlands. Some of our
knowledge of the happenings in the mortal world came from
newly acquired souls. The Deathlords paid well for the iden-
tification and acquisition of wraiths with specialized knowl-
edge or skills. These individuals, when brought to Stygia,
often found positions in the household of the Deathlords
who claimed them, and their reports on the events they
witnessed when alive helped formulate government policy.
In this fashion, we have been able to make the adaptations
necessary to retain our strength in the Underworld.

The reports of constant warfare between the nations
of Europe as well as the multitude of internal civil and reli-
gious conflicts awakened in Charon the realization that the
real power in the mortal world lay, not with the noble cla:

— for their numbers could not keep pace with the steadily
growing population of the lower economic strata — but
with the blossoming middle class of freemen (and in a few
cases, freewomen). As this middle class increased in num-
ber, so too would the proportion of wraiths coming from
this class. The disbanding of the guilds had, unfortunately,
alienated many existing freewraiths, driving some of them
from Stygia into the distant Shadowlands and leaving oth-
ers to wander discontented through the streets of the
Underworld's capital. Now Charon moved to win back these
disgruntled members of his society. The forges of Stygia,
still under the supervision of the Artificers — now assimi-
lated as official artisans — produced swords of Stygian metal
in unprecedented numbers. These weapons went into the
hands of as many freewraiths as were willing to swear eter-
nal loyalty to the Legions that offered them protection and
stability. More than a century before its enaction as part of
the American Bill of Rights, the right to bear arms became
a fact of life in Stygia, and Charon now commanded the
allegiance of the freewraiths.

— Annals of the Dead

Charon was never one to hedge his bets. Historians
make much of the "calculated risk" that the Lord of Stygia
took when he made his decision to arm the populace. But
there was less of a risk involved than they think. It was all
in the swords, you see. They were all invested with some
special power — some say that Charon and his Deathlords
all gave a part of their own Pathos, others say it was a piece
of their very plasm — that strengthened the loyalty of any-
one who accepted such a weapon. In the Hierarchy, we try
not to do anything by halves. If we put a sword into a wraith's
hands, we try to keep that weapon from turning against us;
I don't want to talk about what happens when we fail.

— Angus Macdonald, Secrets of the Forge


The Fate ofthe Lowest Class

Of the dead, there have always been three kinds: Those
who die peacefully, their life story told to the fullest; those
who die before their life's purpose is fulfilled; and those
who merely die because they have merely lived. The first
sort never appear in the Underworld; their fate remains
unknown to us. The second forms the ranks of the Rest-
less Dead, wraiths condemned to search in death for the
resolution and purpose denied them in their lives. The
last (and by far the most numerous) arrive in the Under-
world as empty, unfettered souls who, unless prevented by
extreme measures, immediately fall prey to the irresistible
pull of Oblivion. Ever since Charon first recognized the
threat posed by these hapless creatures, he purposed to
discover how best to deal with them.

Sacrificing them to Oblivion was unthinkable. The
best solution was to bind their wretched souls with chains
made of Stygian steel, anchoring them to the Underworld.
Nhudri's Artificers had long ago discovered how to trans-

form the plasm of souls into objects which had form and
substance in the lands of the dead; Charon found in their
knowledge a use for these enslaved but purposeless crea-
tures. Soon the forges of Stygia became foundries which
provided Charon with the tools for building both city and
Empire.

Suddenly, the reaping of unfettered souls assumed a
new importance. Stygia rewarded Reapers and bounty
hunters well for the s
The trade in thralls soon became the cornerstone of our

fe delivery of marketable "wares."

economy.

Just as any society with an elite upper class needs un-
derlings to perform essential services, so too did the need
arise among the Deathlord:
tainers. Wraiths who poss

d the Equitaes for loyal re-

d minimal Fetters but were
collections of plasm proved ideal
candidates to fill this vital niche in Stygian society. Bound

still more than mindl

with special chains that robbed them of any rebellious in-
tents while strengthening their ties to the Underworld,
these wraiths composed a higher class of thralls — that of
household servant. The nobles of Stygia offered handsome

compensation for wraiths of this calibre, and began to vie
with one another for the ownership of particularly talented
servants. Chained wraiths also provided sources of Pas-
sions which could be siphoned off by their masters. There
are some who maintain that the medieval notion of bind-
ing serfs to the land came from the practice of chaining
wraiths and even drones to Haunts and other places con-
nected with strong emotions — rather than the obverse.
In any case, the term "thrall" was adopted during the early
Middle Ages to replace the increasingly unacceptable la-
bel of "slave."
— Annals of the Dead


To say that there are abuses in the thrall trade is to
describe a Maelstrom as a strong wind. Rampant miscon-
duct in the collection of newly arrived souls has become
the rule rather than the exception. Reapers — particu-
larly freelancers who sell their takes to the highest bidders
in the slave — I mean, thrall — markets of Stygia — work

with rogue Monitors who use their expertise in Lifeweb to
sever captured Lemures from their more powerful Fetters,
thus rendering them pliable as potential thralls. The Fet-
ters thus acquired form the basis for a whole other area of
trade. It's dirty work, but the Passions collected just from

the act of Severing provide an instantaneous and addic-
tive high. Instant gratification on the job and the promise
of payment in Stygia make for an unbeatable combina-
tion. I swear, if the scrupulous Reapers give in, we might
as well just throw ourselves naked into the Tempest and
save the Spectres the work.

— Frankie LoBello, Confessions of a Reaper

Certainly, as the world's population grew, the num-
bers of Fetterless candidates for the rendering fires increased
proportionately. Under Charon's direction, however, we
have never lacked for ways to use soulplasm. The road and
rail systems that form the great interconnective network
of byways through the Tempest, the massive bulwarks that
form Stygia's defenses, the materials used for buildings,
tools, even the paper upon which these words are written
(and the implements of writing), are made from the ren-
dered Corpus of souls. We depend on the traffic in souls.
We must embrace this concept of extracting maximum
efficiency from even our most minimal contributors. We
do not have the luxury of prisons or charitable institu-
tions. We fight a war against Oblivion, and those who do
not actively participate in that war must be prevented from
weakening our efforts. There is no room for welfare,
workfare, or a free-lunch mentality in our noble struggle.
Those who do not aid us willingly must reap the conse-
quences of their refusal. Those who are too weak to fight
for us, even for themselves, can still serve as our weapons,
our tools, and our building blocks.

— Imelda Mariposa, Inspector for the Necropolis of
Orlando (transcript of an indoctrination speech given to
new staff members)

Age of imperialism

Just as the 17th and 18th centuries saw great changes
in the Skinlands, so, too, the Shadowlands experienced a
series of revolutionary developments. Following up on re-
ports that the Heretics who had fled Stygia after the Proc-
lamation of Reason had discovered a vast new territory in
the Shadowlands, Charon sent his own explorers and
scouts to the New World. The exploits of the Fifth Le-

.—

Wr

gion, also called the Legion of the Black Hawk, proved
instrumental in establishing our presence in North and
South America. In short, wherever the armies and mer-
cantile companies of Europe went, we soon followed. Thus
we ensured that all souls that rightfully belonged to Stygia
found their way into our hands rather than into the
clutches of the Heretics.

Our first outpost in the New World, the Necropolis
of New Amsterdam, immediately began proving its value
to Stygia as a collection point for the souls of European
colonists and soldiers who met their deaths far from their
countries of origin. Constructing byways and waterways
through the Tempest created an immense demand for la-
borers and building materials, a demand which, fortunately,
was met by the increasing death tolls from wars, famine,
diseases and disasters as well as the high attrition rate
among settlers in the European colonies.

As the tide of imperialism swept across Europe, other
lands were discovered and claimed by various nations. In-
dia, the African continent, Australia and the Orient all
felt our presence as the Legions of Stygia followed the con-
quering Europeans, establishing Necropoli and collection
outposts in every new settlement or military post. It was
an era of excitement, growth and constant discovery.

— Annals of the Dead

Just to set the records straight, it wasn't the Legions
who settled the Necropoli. The glorious armies of his most
respected majesty the Emperor were too busy gallivantin'
around the Tempest to bother with the little details in-
volved in putting together a settlement. That work fell to
us members of the "forgotten Hierarchy." It's all well and
good to talk about the Centurions and the Marshals and
the Regents and the marvelous jobs they do. But the real
management of any Necropolis falls to the Clerks and In-
spectors and Adjustors. The Legions round up souls and
bring them in to the collection centers, but we're the ones
who process them. We take their names, decide who's a
keeper and who's bound for the furnaces. We house ‘em
and make sure they're ready for the shipment transports.
When the history of Stygia is written or rewritten or what-
ever, just make sure that it's not all battles and "the Le-
gions did this, that, and the other." I realize it's not as ex-
citing reading about civil servants, but without us you'd
have a bunch of shackled souls all dressed up with no-
where to go.

— Mattie Gawvan, senior Clerk assigned to the staff
of the Anacreon of the Ashen Lady, Necropolis of Des
Moines (excerpt from a letter to Amalie Millefleurs, au-
thor of A New History of Stygia)


Harvesting the Natives

Contact with the native populations of these new lands
produced several not-altogether-planned-for side effects. In
the Skinlands, the slave trade quickly reestablished itself.
As early as 1517, European monarchs had begun granting
monopolies to various merchants involved in the transpor-
tation of slaves taken from Africa. The trade in human flesh
blossomed with the discovery of even more sources among
the natives of the Americas. Once absorbed into the colo-
nial system as laborers on the cotton plantations of the Deep
South, the sugar cane and tobacco plantations in the West
Indies or as menials of various sorts on the European conti-
nent, the souls of these individuals, upon their deaths, right-
fully belonged to us. Unfortunately, this led to conflict with
the Dark Kingdoms of Ivory (in Africa) and Jade (in the
Orient). These Kingdoms, in turn, purported to claim for
themselves any souls, regardless of their origin, who died in
lands under their control.

It should be noted that in their haste to claim the rich
territory of the New World and to find safe haven as far from
the Hierarchy as possible, the Heretics gave unwitting assis-
tance to our future colonization efforts. The extermination
of the Dark Kingdom of Obsidian, which occupied the
Shadowlands corresponding to Central and South America,
ensured temporary Heretic supremacy in those areas. This
ruthless destruction ironically aided the Hierarchy substan-
tially. When our Legions began to assert our own claims to
territory in the New World, we benefited greatly from the
lack of native opposition in the Southern Hemisphere.

Negotiations between our ambassadors and delegates
from the Dark Kingdoms began, then broke down in the
face of widespread violations on the part of the supposed
representatives (in reality, spies and saboteurs) from the
Kingdoms of Ivory and Jade. A series of wars between our
Legions and the armies of the Dark Kingdoms erupted on
three fronts. During this period, the only real victors were
the Spectres who lay in wait, ready to harvest the souls ig-
nored by the battling armies. Ultimately, this growing threat
provided the common ground necessary for both our forces
and the Dark Kingdoms to reach an accord. No one wanted
to lose valuable souls to Oblivion.

The Nativity Compact finally settled the dispute in a
manner that was acceptable to all sides. In essence, the
Compact stated that a wraith's country of origin determined
her allegiance, regardless of where she met her death. Al-
though we regretted the loss in potential resources and rev-
enue, the Compact provided vital assurance that no Hier-
archy wraiths would be co-opted into the service of any of
the Dark Kingdoms. This, at least, meant that the we could
extend our protection to the souls of European settlers as
they continued to populate the newly discovered lands.
— Annals of the Dead


The Hierarchy of Charon condemns us for our de-
struction of the Empire of Ix Chel, the Feathered Lord of
Obsidian, yet they would have done the same for a lesser
purpose. Having seen with our own eyes how they prof-
ited from the souls delivered to them on the sacrificial
altars of their fleshbound kin, our only thought was to put
an end to this madness. In truth, we feared that we had
fled one tyrannical power only to fall into the clutches of
another. So unholy and unkempt were their practices, so
alien and incomprehensible their cities of warped design,
that to many of us it seemed as if the Spectres themselves
had settled in the Shadowlands and created an Empire.

— Francisco Maria del Castillo, "The Holy War"
(document presented to the Great Library by the
Magisterium Veritatis)

With the decision to change the economic standard
from the bartering of thralls and goods to a monetary sys-
tem, we achieved a new level of mercantile sophistica-
tion. The construction of mints in which Artificers ham-
mered soulplasm into coins, called oboli, made payment
for services rendered to Stygia infinitely less cumbersome.
By decree, the oboli were recognized throughout Stygia
and the Shadowlands as legal tender, redeemable in any
Necropolis for goods and services. This provided consid-
erable incentive for Reapers, who only had to worry about
getting their charges to the nearest Necropolis, where they
could carry off a small sack of spendable coin after cashing
in their haul.

— Jason Dunworth, Economy and Power in Stygia

The 18th century saw the proliferation of revolutions.
The American Revolution in 1776, the French Revolu-
tion of 1789, an abortive rebellion in Ireland, and other
uprisings throughout Europe only heralded the upsurge of
new political movements in the world. We fought our own
battles during this time, with Renegade and Heretic fac-
tions eager to claim their share of the souls fallen in these
battles for independence. Most of the pressure fell on the
Necropoli, situated as they were in the thick of the upris-
ings. In fact, the only real repercussions felt in Stygia were
the frequent interruptions in shipments of souls caused by
upheavals in the Shadowlands and the increasing pleas
for reinforcements from the Anacreons of the beleaguered
Necropoli.

While at first Charon urged his Deathlords to aug-
ment the numbers of their Legions in the Necropoli, he
soon realized that his outposts needed more immediate
assistance. His decision to empower the Anacreons in the
Shadowlands to draft their own personal armies was in-
tended as an emergency measure. These new Legions be-
came permanent fixtures in the Necropoli. Soon entire
armies of Hierarchy warriors whose primary loyalties lay
with their local government — rather than with a Stygia

they had never seen — caused dissension within the high-
est levels of Charon's Empire. Charon's reply to those who
expressed their concern regarding the faithfulness of these
distant Legions is still quoted whenever the question of
Necropolitan loyalties arises. "They still use swords of
Stygian steel."

— Annals of the Dead

Materialism and industrialization

In 1837, Victoria ascended to the British throne, be-
coming ruler of an Empire that included not only the Bri
ish Isles, but also Canada, Australia, and India. The Vic-
torian Era, at least throughout the English-speaking world,
heralded the birth of the modern age. The growth of insti-
tutions as self-perpetuating entities independent of the
ideas that spawned them reflected the increasing separa-
tion between the tangible world of things and the intan-
gible world of concepts. Scientific research, once the prov-
ince of knowledge-seekers, became a tool for the advance-
ment of technology. Even the branches of learning once
concerned with bridging the gap between spirit and flesh
— philosophy, metaphysics, and history — reoriented
themselves in the direction of proving that the flesh was
all that existed. The dialectics of materialism propounded
by Marx and Engels, the theory of evolution expressed by
Darwin, and the developing fields of sociology, econom-
ics, and psychology all focused almost exclusively on the
denial of any reality other than that which could be expe-
rienced by the senses or explained by natural laws.

This development had unforeseen repercussions in the
Shadowlands. Charon's Code, meant to conceal from
mortals the truth of the world beyond the Shroud, lost
some of its relevancy in the face of the stalwart barricade
of disbelief which mortals erected for themselves. Even
conventional religion altered its focus from the afterlife to
the present world, emphasizing increasingly rigid codes of
conduct for the living. The Shroud strengthened to near
impermeability, closing off passage between the
Shadowlands and the Skinlands. Haunts and Fetters still
allowed access to the living world, however, and wraiths
with access to either or both were quickly recruited by our
Legions for increasingly important tasks. Whatever their
beliefs concerning the reality of life beyond death, mor-
tals still died, and the ever-increasing world population
guaranteed a steady increase in the numbers of dead. The
channeling of souls away from the pull of Oblivion and
into our Legions assumed Herculean proportions.

— Annals of the Dead

It seems ironic that alongside the triumph of materi-
alism and rationalistic thought, another small but intense
movement awakened. In 1871, Helena Blavatsky founded


the Theosophical Society, an organization devoted to the
study of metaphysics and occult doctrines. The theoso-
phists and other spiritualists made many attempts to pen-
etrate the Shroud. It was as if, having helped bring its sub-
stance into being, mortals were now intent upon explor-
ing what lay beyond it.

Unfortunately, many Spectres, as well as irresponsible
wraiths, took advantage of the spiritualist revival of the
late 19th century, accepting the open invitations by gull-
ible and trusting mediums to run amuck in the Skinlands.
Of necessity, stern punishments awaited wraiths found
guilty of trafficking with mediums, even if their desire was
only to communicate with their loved ones in the mortal
world. With assistance from the "other side," the fad soon
subsided.

— Ludmilla Hoffstein, Centurion, Cohort of the

atchers Upon the Shroud, Legion of Paupers, Necropolis
of New York, Echoes Across the Shroud

qhe Shroud Locks Down

With the strengthening of the Shroud, the Necropoli
of the Shadowlands assumed greater importance in the
smooth running of the Hierarchy. Their proximity to the
Skinlands made these cities of the Restless Dead into much
more than mere collection centers for newly arrived
wraiths. In many cases, the Necropoli served as our only
"windows" onto the living world. These local representa-

tives of Stygian rule took on the added responsibility of

acting as sentinels, anticipating when and where large

numbers of deaths would take place and making certain
that the wheels were set in motion for gathering and pro-
ng new souls.

In many cases, Anacreons had to function without
direct guidance from Stygia. While a few of these local
governors saw this forced autonomy as an additional bur-
den on their already heavily laden shoulders, most
Anacreons welcomed the relative independence from
Stygia that came from their isolation in the Shadowlands.
Rising to the occasion, they assumed the reins of power as
if they had been preparing for them all along (as, indeed,
many of them had). Viewed from one angle, Stygia suf-
fered a significant loss in power due to the locking down
of the Shroud. From another perspective, however, the true
virtue of the Hierarchy manifested itself in it

ability to
function without the direct supervision of Stygian-based
agents. The institution proved to be self-perpetuating.
— Jason Dunworth, Economy and Power in Stygia
The inventions of the 19th century opened our eyes
to new possibilities. From the ironclads that plied the wa-
ters of the Atlantic, we learned to fashion our own ships
of Stygian metal — dark iron monsters that churned their
way through the rivers of the Underworld. The arrival of

A Century of Growth and improvement

The increase of knowledge in the
Skinlands between 1800 and 1899 rocked
the foundations of Stygia in many ways. On
the one hand, discoveries in medicine led
to a reduction in deaths from infection due
to unsanitary practices. Vaccinations and
treatments also greatly diminished the mor.
tality rates of plagues and epidemics. On the
other hand, chemists and physicists con-
tinually discovered scientific principles,
which led, ultimately, to the creation of

efficient implements of death and de-
struction repeating rifles, gunpowder,
safety matches, and torpedoes. This was the
age of invention, and many of the "new-
fangled gadgets," including the railroad and
ironclad ships, eventually found their way
across the Shroud

1800 — Muskets with interchangeable
parts invented by Eli Whitney

1801 — Robert Fulton's "Nautilus," one
of the first submarines, created

1805 Use of rockets reintroduced
into the British Army

1814

Construction of steam locomo-

tive by George Stephenson

1825 — First passenger-carrying railroad
line runs from Darlington to Stockton

1831
rope

1846 — First year of famine in Ireland

1859 — Drilling of first oil well in Penn-
sylvania

1865 —"Sultana" explodes on the Mis-
sissippi River, killing 1,700

1866 — Dynamite invented by Alfred
Nobel

1871 — Great Fire in Chicago

1888 — Tesla builds electric motor

Cholera pandemic reaches Eu-

1890 — Worldwide influenza epidemics
1891 — Famine in Russia
1894

Plague bacillus discovered


railroads and motor cars transformed travel through the
byways. Each new discovery, each technological advance
soon found its way into our hands. We awaited the deaths
of scientists and inventors with shameless anticipation,
for from their memories we gleaned new knowledge. Even
better were the occasions when an entire factory or scien-
tific laboratory went up in flames, providing us with tan-
gible objects we could use, examine, and eventually simu-
late. For those of us who remembered the invention of the
waterclock, it was a time of constant wonder.

— Philemaeus, Artificer to the Laughing Lady, The
Passage of Centuries

It seemed in those days as if everywhere you looked,

someone was forging a new weapon to use against
humanity's oldest enemy. Vaccines for diseases like chol-
era and small pox cut into the heretofore m

ve num-
bers of souls destined for the Legions of the Skeletal Lord.
Once mortals took it into their heads that there was no
balmy afterlife, they began to fight death with a vengeance.
In some places, they even abolished the death penalty.

Humanitarianism was on the rise, too. Reform movements
sprouted up everywhere in Europe and America, advocat-
ing everything from tenement reform to laws regulating

child labor. This kind of attention to daily working condi-

tions resulted in a serious diminishing of deaths due to
"happenstance." To put it mildly, the Emerald Legions

The Hierarchy

worried that their numbers, too, would suffer. On the other
hand, the Ashen Lady profited from the increased lifespans
that came as a result of all the advances in medicine and
health. Barring everything else, so long as mortals died
unfulfilled, they would eventually come under her aegis.
It was even mouthed about (quietly, though) that she
and the Smiling Lord had managed to tweak the minds of
mortals in certain directions that would lead them to make
some of their life-extending discoveries. After all, the
Deathlord who oversaw the victims of violent death had

little to worry about; no one was likely to come up with a
cure for war or murder in the foreseeable future

— Corina Fairchild, Stygian Politics

Don't believe everything you hear. The Smiling Lord
s of the wardead
through a mass of

didn't exactly ride high over the corps
either. His Legions had to claw their way
Renegades and Heretics, all of whom were eager to get their
hands on the souls of soldiers killed in all those European

wars. The American Civil War had an extra complication,
too, since the Ivory Queen put in her claim on the souls of
raight from the

anyone with African blood. I had it s
backstairs of the Laughing Lady's court — she put a dead

bee in Charon's ear that the Smiling Lord needed to be

taken down a peg or two, and that by allowing the Ivory
Queen her claim over wraiths of African origin — even if
s who fought and died for the Union


he would be mitigating the imbalance of power that
was building up among his Deathlords. I tried to tell the
Smiling Lord himself that he was being cheated. He called
me mad. I'm not mad. I just tried to tell him the truth.
Johnny V., the Imprimatur

Prisoners of Stygia

How were the Fetters of the Deathlords destroyed?

This question has puzzled many in the Hierarchy since
the discovery, toward the end of the century, that Charon
and his Seven had become virtual prisoners of Stygia. Some
have speculated that their inability to travel even so far as
the Shadowlands was a direct result of the solidification
of the Shroud and the separation of Stygia and the
Shadowlands into two distinct regions. More astute minds
attributed their confinement to the loss of that which had
once tied them to the Skinlands.

But what were these items, these Fetters of the
Deathlords and of Charon himself? The masks of the
Deathlords served their original purpose of concealing the
identities of these august personages to such an extent that
few, if any, knew their names or even the lands of their
birth. There is a strong possibility that the sheer weight of
centuries caused most of these Fetters to deteriorate, de-
compose, or rust away. Certainly none of these objects of
attachment were living beings. Those sorts of Fetters, while
powerful for a time, contain the seeds of their own disso-
lution in the ticking of the mortal timeclock housed within
each fleshly body. The rulers of Stygia, having lost the
warmth and passion of human bonds, had recourse only to
cold, unfeeling ties to places or things.

And yet, for all their remaining Fetters to pass away,
seemingly within a single

entury.

? There is one possible
explanation, my own private theory, that has to do with
certain events which transpired in the Skinlands during
the 19th century. Between 1808 and 1815, ex
began around the ancient, ruined city of Pompeii. Explo-

vations

rations of the Roman catacombs were conducted and their
results published in the 1860s. In 1812, Burckhardt dis-
covered the temple of Abu Simbel. In the 1870s,
Schliemann's discovery of Troy and his explorations of
Mycenaean ruins came to light. While the unearthing of
these splendid monuments to history might have increased
the stature of the Deathlords and otherwise strengthened
their hold on the world of the Living, the new sciences of
archaeology and anthropology were responsible for troops
of amateurs and experts whose pokings and proddings at

digs and excavation sites destroyed as many artifacts as
they unearthed. It is my belief that, instead of preserving
their memory, the Fetters of the Deathlords fell prey to

the clumsiness of history's detect'


Whether this was coincidental or deliberate is another
question entirely. Some say the Deathlords themselves
caused the destruction of their own Fetters, or, more likely,
that they allowed information to "leak" through the Shroud
which would lead mortal explorers to the Fetters of their
rivals, in an attempt to weaken each other's power in the
Skinlands. Once this ploy was successful for a few of the
Deathlords, rumors say that Charon, in a fit of anger, de-
clared that what held for one of his advisors held for all,
and he took it upon himself to ensure that all the Fetters
of all the Deathlords perished utterly. Further, to stifle any
criticism of his actions, Charon is said to have personally
destroyed his own Fetters — thus ending forever all possi-
bility of direct meddling by any of Stygia's most powerful.
Of course this is all hearsay, and the mere possession of
this knowledge, however spurious, could lead to unfortu-
nate consequences.

—Timea of Capua, former Pardoner to the Quiet Lord,
the Imprimatur

qhe Twentieth Century

Ofall the periods in the history of the Hierarchy, the
current century presents the greatest enigma to serious stu-
dents of the interaction between the Shadowlands and the
Skinlands. At one and the same time, the 1900s have seen
the overwhelming ascendancy of science and technology
— strengthening the tide of disbelief — as well as the

growth of a new spiritualism that may one day reverse some
of the effects of the Shroud. The increasing regimentation
and automation of 20th century life has so weakened the
human spirit in general, however, that the number of souls
fit only for the smelting fires has grown alarmingly. Fortu-
nately, through the adoption of mass production and trans-
portation technologies, we have acquired the necessary
tools to cope with the wholesale garnering of souls.
Medical research has all but eradicated many diseases
which could once be counted on to deliver thousands of
souls to the Underworld. However, the appearance of other,
even deadlier mutagenic ailments, along with the persis-
tence of such standbys as cancer and heart disease, and
the increase in worldwide famine, indicates no great less-
ening in the number of souls for the Skeletal Legions.
Natural disasters, of course, continue to take their toll in
mortal lives, and the perverse insistence of some mortals
on making their homes atop faultlines or in areas suscep-
tible to hurricanes and tidal waves guarantees that the Lord
of Happenstance will continue to reap his fair share of
death's harvest. The escalation of violence goes without
saying. In an era which has seen two world-wide confla-
grations that have resulted in millions of deaths, the day-
to-day instances of murders and small-scale wars hardly
seem worth mentioning. The other Deathlords, too, con-


tinue to increase their Legions. Some might argue that
this latest period of history has proved a particularly prof-
itable one for the gathering of wraiths whose deaths come
under the auspices of madness, despair, mystery and age.

— Annals of the Dead

Inevitably, when discussing the modern age, we must
divide the century into two periods: before and after the
disappearance of Charon. While all Stygia — and much
of the Shadowlands — continues to mourn the absence of
the singularly most important individual in the history of
our realm, we may console ourselves with these thoughts:
the guiding principles which Charon established over the
course of his reign continue to direct the policies of the
Council which succeeded him; moreover, his departure has
signified the Hierarchy's coming-of-age. Whether or not
Charon went to his doom with any foreknowledge that he
would not return, it is almost certain that he entered his
final battle secure in the knowledge that his legacy would
survive. We are that legacy.

— Emile Franck, preface to A Concise History of the
Modern Hierarchy

isolation and independence

The detractors who condemn Stygia for cutting loose
the Necropoli from their direct supervision, charging her
with isolationism and a failure to meet her responsibilities
to her subsidiary colonies, fail to appreciate the very real
exigencies affecting the heart of the Underworld. It was once
common knowledge, but has perhaps since been forgotten,
that Stygia's central location places her at the nexus point
in the ongoing battle with Oblivion. The need for amassing
strong internal defenses, particularly in the wake of the dif-
ficulties of maintaining reliable contact with the Necropoli,
has forced her to concentrate on affairs close to home.

Furthermore, Stygia's loosening of the reins of control
over the perimeter settlements of the Shadowlands reflects
their confidence in the abilities of the local authorities to
implement the established protocols and procedures inher-
ent to the government of the Hierarchy. The Anacreons
and their Legions represent the pinnacle of the Hierarchy's
administrative and military talent. Those closest to the
points of entry of the newly deceased know best how to deal
with local conditions. It is simply too much to expect con-
stant monitoring of distant affairs by Stygian agents. The
strength of the Hierarchy lies in its graduated system whereby

authority can be delegated to those representatives who are
in the best positions to carry out their responsibilities.

In short, Stygia must deal with her own affairs; the
Necropoli should do likewise.

— Cornelius van de Voort, Chancellor to the Legions
of the Grim, Soulbook of the Legions

qhe Great War, 94 — 1918

Where have all the soldiers gone, long time passing?

Where have all the soldiers gone, long time ago?

Where have all the soldiers gone?

Gone to graveyards, everyone

When will they ever learn?

When will they ever learn.

— Traditional, "Where Have All the Flowers Gone?"

The death toll of the First World War exceeded 8
million. The number of dead that passed through the col-
lection terminals of the Shadowlands and the processing
centers of the Necropoli staggered the imagination. Word
traveled to Stygia that massive shipments of souls would
soon be arriving, and the city made what preparations it
could for the influx. Laborers slaved to enlarge the already
existing warehouses and build new ones. Trains from Stygia
arrived loaded with nothing but cars full of manacles, and

sometimes the local Legions still ran short of chains with
which to subdue the masses of wraiths, many of whom ar-
rived fighting. Groups of souls were Moliated together in
to make them easier to handle.

some cas

In the Necropoli of Europe, normal activity ceased
altogether for the duration. The American Necropoli sent
troops and materials, where they could spare them, to the
front lines in return for a share of the harvest. To this day,
still
owe sizable favors to their counterparts in New York and

some Anacreons in France and the Low Countries

points west.

For its own part, Stygia's economy boomed. Even
though most of the new souls were tagged for the furnaces,
the thrall market thrived. Of course, the most promising
wraiths were inducted into the Legions, but finding them
was often a matter of sheer luck.

The increased availability of resources sparked the
expansion of Stygia as new buildings arose beyond the Is!
of Sorrows. City planners experimented with many new
architectural styles. The skyscraper, which made its first
appearance in the Skinlands in Chicago in 1883, soon
became a prominent part of the Stygian landscape. Net-
works of bridges linked the center of Stygia to its new sub-
urbs. From a distance, the sight of Stygia, rising up from
its island fastness and spreading out across cantilevered

spans of iron to connect with soaring steel towers, left no
room for doubt. Here was the heart of the Empire of the
Dead.

— Annals of the Dead

It's funny how death will take the fight right out of a
man. Most of the souls we reaped were little more than
boys, fresh-faced and wild-eyed from their sudden plunge
into carnage and their even more sudden departure from


life. Still, we lost a lot of them. The Renegades and Her-
etics had their own Monitors in the Skinlands, who
alert whenever large battles erupted. The
Spectres were particularly bold as well, plucking many souls
right out of our grasp. Our main advantage lay in our train-
ing, though. As Legionnaires, we had practiced this drill
many times, so in most ci

sounded the

able to cut our los

s We wer

es
to an acceptable minimum — acceptable for us, anyway.
Our Centurions had to do a lot of explaining to the local
Regents about the ones who got away.

— Edgar Rice, Centurion of the Grim Legions, Lon-
don station, Soulbook of the Legions

qhe Aftermath of War

Just as in Stygia, the Shadowlands experienced its own
growth spurt. Although many European Haunts suffered
damage from the war, rebuilding and refortifying them
proved relatively simple due to the increase in the avail-
ability of building materials imported from Stygia. New
Haunts also arose on the battlefields of the Marne, Ypres,
Verdun and countless other sites across Continental Europe.

After the First World War, German colonies passed
into the hands of the French and the English. These shift-
ing boundaries of political influence in the Skinlands had
little overall effect on the Shadowlands, however, as our
pacts with the Ivory and Jade Kingdoms prevented the
harvesting of African and Oriental souls. The Dark King-
doms would claim their own, regardless of which European
power held territorial control in the mortal world. Still, as
European and American business interests spread beyond
e able to put down roots in

their own continents, we we

the growing cities of Africa, India, and South Americ:

constructing permanent Necropoli to handle the souls we
could rightfully claim.

— Annals of the Dead

In Stygia, the trials of the First Consuls of War and
Pestilence stirred up the populace to an unprecedented
degree. Faction fights broke out in the streets between sup-
porters of the accused — primarily made up of L
in service to the Smiling and Skeletal Lords

egionnaires

and those
who insisted that the Consuls were guilty of misconduct.
Although the truth of the matter may never be known,
their acquittal was generally held to be a matter of policy.
That they had been brought to trial was significant in and
of itself. No one actually suspected that the Council of
Deathlords would approve the imposition of sanctions on

actions to increase revenue in the Underworld. In defense

of the Consuls, it was argued that mortals were capable of
coming up with trench warfare and mustard gas on their
own, without any assistance from beyond the Shroud.

— Corina Fairchild, Stygian Politics

Maelstrom and Madness

Centuries had pas:
Spectres born from the souls of the hordes of unc!

ed since the last major Maelstrom.
imed

war dead and fueled by the bitterness of the defeated (as
well as the spite of the victors) swarmed over the
n the Skinlands, esca-

Shadowlands in a scourge of terror.
lations of gang violen:
tion of hate groups such as the Ku Klux Klan in the Ameri-
can South, the Fascist party in Italy and the Nazis in Ger-
many resonated with echoes from beyond the Shroud.

, workers' riots, and the prolifera-

The worldwide economic depression instigated by the
stockmarket crash of 1929 brought more souls to the Un-
derworld, but many of these fell into the clutches of Spec-
tral gangs. Many others, their spirits broken in life by the
loss of jobs, homes, and families, died with nothing to hold
them anchored in the Shadowlands. These entered the
Underworld as prime c
of despair and seething anger which gave form and sub-

ndidates for Oblivion. The mias

stance to the lingering winds of the Maelstrom made travel
nearly impo:
fortified are:

ible outside the Citadels and other heavily
of most Necropoli.

Ina few instances, temporary alliances formed between
various Hierarchy, Renegade, Heretic and independent
groups of wraiths, who agreed to put aside their philosophi-
cal differences to concentrate on fending off attacks from
Spectres long enough to harvest the new souls emerging
in the Shadowlands. Born of immediate necessity, these
truces rarely survived long; they accomplished their in-
tended purpose, but soon broke apart over the division of
the "spoils."

— Annals of the Dead

Prelude to War

On the night that Ernst Roehm died voices rang out
In the rolling Bavarian hills

And swept through the cities and danced in the gutters
Grown strong like the joining of wills

And echoed away like a voice in the distance

In moonlight carved out of steel

Singing "All the lonely, so long and so long

You don't know me, I long how I long

You can't hold me, I'm strong now, I'm strong
Stronger than your law"

I sit here now by the banks of the Rhine

Dipping my feet in the cold stream of time

And I know I'm a dreamer, I know I'm out of time
With the people I see everywhere...

They don't care who Ernst Roehm was,

no reason they should

February 1, 1931

My most august Lord,

It is with deep regret and profound reluc-
tance that I send you the tidings of my resig-
nation as Anacreon of the Silent Legion for
the Necropolis of Boston, Massachusetts. My
years of service to you have not been without
a sense of achievement, but the growing feel-
ing of disconnection from the central govern-
ment in Stygia, coupled with the increase in
responsibility demanded by the lack of effec-
tive communications, has made it impossible
for me to continue to fulfill the requirements
of my position.

It is not my intention to criticize Stygian
policy in general, or your leadership in particu-
lar, but I must, in good conscience, question
the Council's apparent lack of interest in events
that transpire beyond the boundaries of Stygia.
The current crisis in the mortal world has taxed
the resources of my Legions beyond their lim-
its, yet my pleas for assistance here in the
Shadowlands of Boston have apparently gone
unheard. I cannot believe that your adminis-
tration lacks the means for augmenting my civil
and military forces, and so I can only conclude
that your functionaries have determined that
my request does not constitute sufficient
grounds for action on my behalf.

It may be that you are unaware of the grow-
ing tide of depression and despair that is sweep-

Just a shadow that hangs in the air

But I thought I saw him cross over the hill

With a whole ghostly army of men at his heel

— Al Stewart, "The Last Day of June 1934"

If Stygia had become isolationist during the early part
of the 1900s, the Necropoli went through their own pe-
tiod of parochialism, surrounded as they were by the all
pervasive turmoil of roving Spectres. Preoccupied with
keeping their own Haunts and Citadels safe from invasion
by Maelstrom-spawned creatures, our troops in Europe
the rampant
intrusions into the Skinlands of gangs of Spectre:

annot be blamed for their failure to noti
bent
upon stirring up the malice and hatred that was the |

of the First World War.

ing over the world beyond the Shroud. The
worldwide economic collapse has created a tide
of new arrivals which fall under the auspices of
the Silent Legion, and our office here in Bos-
ton is ill-equipped to deal with the logistics of
gathering and processing them. The latest ship-
ment of currency has been delayed without ex-
planation, and morale within the Legion is
degenerating swiftly. 1 feel that I have failed
you in the execution of my duties, but I also
feel that, in some small part, Stygia has failed
me as well.

I have no other recourse, therefore, than
to express my profound sorrow by the only
means available to me. | have done what I can
to put my affairs in order. | -have scheduled an
appointment with a Pardoner for a final con-
sultation, and I have appointed a successor to
my post who, I hope, is better able to deal with
the sense of abandonment that has been my
personal undoing. By the time this missive
reaches your person — if, in fact, it succeeds in
making its way into your hands — I shall have
crossed the final barrier and consigned myself
to whatever fortune awaits beyond the Void.

I remain, for as long as that is possible, your
obedient and loyal servant,

August Sommers, Anacreon of the Silent
Legion, Boston, Massachusetts

— from the epistolary file, archives, Great
Library of Stygia

The punitive famines in the Soviet Union, used by
Stalin to consolidate his hold over the Russian economy
through the nationalization of agriculture, resulted in the
death of an entire cla

s 1933, the concentration camps in Germany funneled a
stream of souls into the Underworld. The bloody battles
of the Spa il War and the ma

in Iraq sent early warnings throughout the
hadowlands that an even greater tumult lay ahead. Most
Necropoli, however, found little time to analyze the events
in the Skinlands. The constant influx of souls bound for
Stygia kept them far too busy to take note of the larger

of independent farmers. As early

cre of Assyrian

conflict that loomed on the horizon.
— Annals of the Dead


Allow me to clarify the situation, if you will. The Hi-
erarchy exists for the orderly collection and processing of
the souls of the dead. It is not the overseer of the affairs of
the living. The Code of Charon has seen to that by for-
bidding the Restless Dead from interfering with activities
in the Skinlands. We merely react to the consequences
that the living heap upon themselves.

Unfortunately, Spectres are not bound by the Dictum
Mortem. Neither the Heretics nor the Renegades feel con-
strained by the laws ofa government they repudiate. In short,
our hands are tied. In attempting to protect the living from
the dead, the Code of Charon has also denied the living the
protection of the dead. We are our brothers' reapers.

— Natalya Orushenski, Regent to the Anacreon of
the Emerald Legions of the Necropolis of Warsaw, Soulbook
of the Legions

Allegedly, Charon used the outbreak of war in the
Pacific as an excuse to mobilize the Legions against the
forces of the Jade Emperor, whose foothold in San Fran-
cisco constituted a serious encroachment on the Nativity
Pact. In reality, Charon was forced to respond to the Jade
Emperor's violations of that agreement by sending his iron
ships as guarantors for the Hierarchy's claims to the souls
of Allied soldiers in the Pacific. Similar problems arose
with the Ivory Queen in Northern Africa. Blatant kid-
napping of souls by the Dark Kingdoms threatened the
Hierarchy's sovereignty over the wraiths of German, Brit-
ish, Italian and American troops in the deserts of Egypt
and Libya.

Since they held no allegiance to the Hierarchy or to
the Code of Charon, the forces of the Dark Kingdoms freely
engaged in transgressions against the sanctity of the
Shroud. Popular belief held that the kamikaze pilots were
actually holy warriors who had studied the forbidden ways
of the dead and willingly sacrificed themselves for the glory
of the Empire of Jade rather than the Rising Sun. Arriving
in the Shadowlands — along with their relic planes —
with full knowledge of their duty, they plunged immedi-
ately into the battle for the souls they took with them into
the Underworld. Only a strong Hierarchy presence in the
Pacific prevented the wholesale loss of souls to the Jade
Emperor's minions.

— Vincent Voegl, Marshal to the Anacreon of the
Emerald Legions, Necropolis of Honolulu, Secrets of the
Dark Kingdoms

The filth Great Maelstrom

No one expected two Great Maelstroms in less than a
century. Then again, no one expected that mortals would
achieve the awesome power of utter destruction repre-
sented by the atomic bomb. It is.too easy to cite Spectral
coercion as the root cause for the annihilation of Nagasaki

and Hiroshima. In truth, even Spectres were once mor-
tals. The capacity for destruction is an inherent part of
the human condition. If it were otherwise, our Shadows
would have no real power over us.

— Ludmilla Hoffstein, Echoes Beyond the Shroud

qhe End of an Age

Without a doubt, the disappearance of Charon from
the Underworld stands as the single most significant event
since the creation of the Empire of Stygia. When Gorool
appeared from the depths of the Sunless Sea, the founda-
tions of the great city trembled. Those who saw the mon-
strous Malfean and survived to tell the tale swore that they
looked into the face of Oblivion.

Who can say what prompted Charon to take upon
himself the twin role of savior and sacrifice? Rumors hint
that he received a visit from an unknown Oracle on the
eve of Gorool's rising. Others state that Charon simply
"knew" — with the peculiar knowledge given to the great-
est of leaders — that only he could defeat the Malfean.
Still others claim that Charon possessed no special guar-
antee that he could ensure Stygia's survival, but that he
found it impossible to stand idly by while his dreams shat-
tered around him.

In the end, we can only speculate. Few had the lei-
sure, in the midst of the utter chaos brought on by the
threat of impending, irrevocable disaster, to consider the
possible motivations that brought Charon to his destiny.
Although a multitude watched as, maskless, he sailed his
boat for the last time, none thought to look upon his face
— or, having looked — dared recall the features exposed,
for the first time in millennia, to the pale light of the
Underworld. None thought to say farewell.

— Annals of the Dead

Clad in the cowled robe he wore when he was but a
simple Ferryman, Charon ended his rule as he began it...
a sailor upon the Sunless Sea. I myself stood for the first
time in centuries upon the Stygian shore, drawn there by
an unknown current to bear witness to the passing of he
who was once first among equals. As he stepped into his
reed boat, grasping his pole with unpracticed hands, he
shook back his cowl and bared his face to the open sea. In
that instant, I saw him — and saw what the ages had writ-
ten upon his countenance. | will bear the memory of that
visage forever, and | will share it with no one.

— from the Journal of Actemaeon, Ferryman

qhe Hierarchy After Charon

Many predicted that without our Emperor, our Hier-
archy would collapse. Indeed, in the period immediately
following Charon's disappearance, a wave of panic swept


ue

through Stygia. Many wraiths, overtaken by despair, cast
themselves willingly into Oblivion. The citizens of the
Underworld's greatest city feared that at any moment a
concerted attack by Spectres, Renegades or Heretics would

find Stygia ill-prepared to defend herself.

But Charon had not left us helpless. The strength of
his vision soon asserted itself as the Legions of the
Deathlords resumed their patrols and slowly restored or-
der to the streets of Stygia. No obvious commands were
issued; no proclamations went forth from the Great Coun-
cil Hall. The wheels of government simply continued to
turn. Charon had designed his Hierarchy so that we could
exist independently of any single member.

The Code of Charon provided the basis for order, and
the Deathlords assumed the reins of command, assuring
the populace that their leader's absence was only tempo-
rary. Before the destruction of his Fetters, Charon had left
the confines of Stygia for short visits into the Shadowlands,
and we had managed to function without him. Gradually,
the panic subsided. Souls still arrived by the trainload in
Stygia; the forges still needed tending; death went on about
its business. Order and discipline prevailed.

— Annals of the Dead

The word for what we felt when we heard that Charon
had disappeared was liberation, not abandonment. Too
long had we trembled in our boots over each discrepancy
from "official Hierarchy policy." With his departure, all
that ended. In the Shadowlands, we felt as if great weights
had been lifted from our shoulders. Now we could drop
even the pretense of clearing our activities with Stygia.
Over the pa:

century we had grown used to handling our
's. The Deathlords still ruled the Legions; that
was never in doubt. Without Charon as a driving force
compelling them to maintain a supervisory eye on their
forces in the Shadowlands, however, we felt certain that

own affa

they would be content to occupy themselves with their
own affairs in Stygia.

— Jonathan Kingsley, former Anacreon of the Gaunt
Legions, Chicago, from the Imprimatur

qhe Nuclear Age

The threat of nuclear war in the Skinlands prompted
our Legions in the Shadowlands to take unprecedented
actions. Under normal conditions, warfare beyond the
Shroud meant growth to the economy of the Underworld
and an increase in our military strength. The existence of
the atomic bomb, however, brought us face to face with

Ex Libris: The History of the Hierarchy 45


the likelihood that in any global conflict in which these
weapons were employed, Oblivion would be the ultimate
victor. The deaths of individuals added to our strength;
the death of the human race, on the other hand, would
bode only disaster for our future.

Realizing that Stygia was still reeling from the loss of
Charon, many Anacreons took it upon themselves to em-
ploy drastic measures to minimize the danger of another
world conflict. In order to obey the spirit of the Code of
Charon, they reasoned, it was necessary to reinterpret it.
Although meddling in mortal affairs was strictly forbid-
den, the rampant violation of this precept by the gangs of
Spectres unleashed by the Fifth Maelstrom had to be
stopped. It seemed, therefore, that the code mandated lim-
ited incursions into the Skinlands by Cohorts trained for
the sole purpose of locating and rooting out Spectres. To
augment the effort, Hierarchy officials in the Necropoli
recruited auxiliaries from the growing population of wraiths
who avoided affiliating themselves with any of the fac-
tions in the Underworld.

— Annals of the Dead

Desperate times gave rise to desperate measures. That
we sought the assistance of certain Renegade and even
Heretic Circles during the period of escalating political
tension in the Skinlands is one of our most closely guarded
secrets. Stygia's inability to offer timely support forced those
of us in the Necropoli to rely on our own resources, even

x2

q

when those resources could only be found outside the Hi-
erarchy. Realistically, we realized that many Renegades and
Heretics had better contacts in the Skinlands than we did,
and were far more adept at some of the forbidden Arcanos
than were most Legionnaires. They also tended to possess
Haunts closer to the sources of potential trouble. We did
what we had to do, and covered our tracks as best we could.

— Vivienne Cartier, Special Agent to the Legions of
the District of Columbia, Soulbook of the Legions

Despite the rigors of the Shroud, the echoes of para-
noia and suspicion that swept through the world in the
decade after the bombing of Japan leaked into the
Shadowlands as well. Rumors of massive infiltrations by
Spectres kept the Legions of the Necropoli busy combing
the known Haunts in their assigned sectors. Administra-
tors in the Shadowlands recruited informants from among
the local citizenry to report any suspected Spectrelike ac-
tivity. For awhile, each Cohort had at least one member
privately charged with the duty of monitoring the activi-
ties of her comrades. Several Dopplegangers were, in fact,
discovered during this period — some of them quite highly
placed in the local Legions. It was a time for increased
vigilance and self-purification.

Emergency tribunals convened in most Necropoli to
try the cases of wraiths suspected of aiding and abetting
Spectres or of being Spectres themselves. Guilty verdicts
brought with them swift and final retribution. In some few

ins Ny
s\

ih
UY yy Dis


instances, where the trials involved high-ranking Citadel
officials, the Order of the Unlidded Eye was summoned
from Stygia to oversee the proceedings. This period of trial
and testing resulted in the emergence of a stronger, more
vigorously loyal Hierarchy focused on the defense of the
Shadowlands and the protection of our noble vision.

— Annals of the Dead

It was unfortunate that many wraiths took advantage
of the prevailing atmosphere of the 1950s to denounce
their fellow citizens for personal reasons. This abuse of the
courts of justice eventually led to the cessation of the tri-
als. By that time, most of the known or suspected Spectres
and their traitorous allies had been discovered and elimi-
nated, and the local authorities agreed that a relaxation of
vigilance was in order. Later analysts of the period have
pointed out the peculiar concurrence in the Skinlands of
the anti-Communist "witch-hunts" organized by Senator
McCarthy in the United States.

— Ludmilla Hoffstein, Echoes Across the Shroud

qhe New Hierarchy

In the latter half of the 20th century, we have made
great strides toward adopting a more flexible attitude suit-
able to the changing nature of the times. The harsh re-
pression of the years immediately following the Fifth Great
Maelstrom gave way to a period of political largesse. The
philosophical changes going on in the Skinlands certainly
had some effect on this side of the Shroud. The arrival of
wraiths possessed of strong Fetters and even stronger opin-
ions about personal freedom and individual rights neces-
sitated the formulation of an "open-door" policy in many
Necropoli. These individuals demonstrated valuable skills,
and great care was taken to avoid driving them into the
arms of the Renegades and Heretics.

The Shadowlands have become, in some ways, a sec-
ond Empire. Although Stygia, with its forges and facto-
ties, remains the economic heart of the Underworld, the
crucial work of collecting and transporting souls rests in
the Necropoli. The endless war against the Spectres that
continue to wreak havoc in the Shadowlands has caused a
reordering of priorities to reflect the realities of the present.
One law cannot cover all contingencies, and situations
vary greatly from Necropolis to Necropolis. Following the
example set long ago by Charon, we have learned to adapt
our policies without changing our principles.

— Annals of the Dead


War and Peace

And it's one, two, three

What are we fightin' for

Don't ask me, I don't give a damn

Next stop is Vietnam

And it's five, six, seven

Open up the Pearly Gates

There ain't no time to wonder why,

Whoopee, we're all going to die

— Country Joe and the Fish, "I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-
To-Die-Rag"

Were it not for our persistence in maintaining out-
posts within the Southeast Asian territories of the Empire
of Jade, the Vietnam War would have proven as devastat-
ing to the Shadowlands as it did to the world of the living.
Driven deep into hiding by the purges of the 1950s, the
Spectres flocked to the jungles of Cambodia, Laos and
Vietnam with the outbreak of hostilities in that region.
Only timely action by Legions in place, as well as rein-
forcements who traveled with U.S. troops, prevented the
wholesale loss of thousands of soldiers to the armies of the
Maelstrom. Relations between the Jade Empire threatened
to deteriorate rapidly during this period, but our Legions
stood firm in their purpose: the reaping of souls which right-
fully belonged to Stygia. Despite unavoidable losses, we
gained many useful recruits for our Legions during this
bloody conflict.

— Annals of the Dead

Many Necropoli, particularly those in America and
England, responded to the growth of spiritual awareness
in the Skinlands by actively competing with Renegades
and Heretics for the souls of protesters, flower children,
activists and other "free spirits." The reasoning was simple:
it was "us" or "them" — and every soul lost to the Hierar-
chy only increased the ranks of our opposition. The stron-
gest arguments for seeking out these problematic recruits
came from the Anacreons of the Emerald Legions, the
Penitent Legions, and the Legion of Paupers. Certainly
many of these souls fell under the aegis of happenstance,
mystery and madness. In light of the tremendous gains
made by the Legions of the Grim during the 1960s and
1970s, the efforts to attract these fledgling rebels and fa-
natics served to help maintain the balance of power among
the Deathlords.

In truth, enlisting these wraiths in the Legions proved
less difficult than originally anticipated. Most of them were
so overwhelmed by the experience of dying that our expe-
rienced Reapers were able to shepherd them into our fold,
merely by offering them the vision of a great society, in
which everyone was judged according to her merits, and

no poverty, unemployment or purposeless labor existed.
Political radicals provided more of a challenge, but many
of them responded to the possibility of effecting change
not from outside, but from within the system. Our educa-
tion programs soon convinced these agitators that few sys-
tematic changes were, in fact, necessary. There were, of
course, some failures, but we managed to save a significant
number of souls from the clutches of our enemies.

Many traditionalists warned that the assimilation of
unorthodox souls into the ranks of the Legions would un-
dermine the Hierarchy's structural integrity. To a certain
extent, this did occur. Many of the new recruits refused to
differentiate between loyal Hierarchy members and Ren-
egades, consorting freely with various outlaw elements. The
breakdown of long-standing animosities, however, also had
positive repercussions. In times of emergencies, these new
Legionnaires were able to call upon the assistance of their
rebel "friends" to bolster the defenses of the Necropoli
against incursions by Spectres.

— Leslie Durant, Recruiter for the Legion of Paupers,
Necropolis of Los Angeles, Soulbook of the Legions

Winds of Change

In the Skinlands, the wide-eyed idealism and righ-
teous anger of the 1960s subsided into the jaded cynicism
and closed-door politics of the 1970s. The sense that the
world hovered on the brink of spiritual renewal shattered
with the realization that a decade of love and protest had
not, in fact, altered the character of the world or its lead-
ers. The Watergate scandal exposed massive corruption in
the halls of America's government, but it was only the tip
of an iceberg of political maneuverings, dethronings, coups,
rebellions, and assassinations. The Vietnam War escalated
into a massive and deadly bombing campaign; a new wave
of violence erupted in Northern Ireland and the Middle
East; hostilities broke out between Christians and Mos-
lems in Beirut; and anti-apartheid sentiment reached a
boiling point in South Africa. A wave of independence
movements swept the world, with Europe finally granting
autonomy to many of her colonies in Africa and the Pa-
cific. Even more surprising were the number of accords
and treaties that emerged in the 1970s: East and West
Germany formally recognized each other, the Helsinki
Accord brought together 35 nations for mutual security
and cooperation, the U.S. and the Soviet Union began
exploring the possibilities of limiting nuclear experimen-
tations, and — at long last — the Vietnam War came to
an official end.

Correspondingly, in Stygia and the Shadowlands, po-
litical changes within the Hierarchy were remolding the
Underworld. Many Necropoli, in particular those most
distant from the Empire, declared themselves politically,


if not economically, independent from Stygia. Though they
maintained a Hierarchy presence, the Legions' loyalties
were clearly directed toward their local Anacreons rather
than their leaders in Stygia. The Hierarchy of other
Necropoli responded to these palace revolts in one of two

ways. Some Anacreons who still maintained close ties with
Stygia feared that a similar occurrence in their territory
would bring down the wrath of the Deathlords. To pre-
vent this, they increased security and did everything in
their power to make it clear that they would tolerate no

hint of disloyalty. Other Anacreons averted the issue of
independence entirely: they instituted liberal policies that

provided the trappings of autonomy, but did not necessi-

tate the actual severing of political ties with Stygia.

In Stygia itself, profound changes were underway.
After more than 20 years, it had become clear to the
Deathlords that Charon would not be returning. Specula-

tion ran high that a new Emperor would be chosen from
The odds
Smiling Lord, whose Legions had profited inordinately

among the Deathlords. med to favor the

from the multitude of wars and civil disturbances and whose
ated for the smelt-

storehouses were packed with thralls s
ing fires. The Skeletal and Emerald Lords also stood as
possible candidates to inherit the Mask of Charon, for dis-
ease, famine and disasters still claimed large numbers of
souls. The atmosphere of uncertainty became almost un-
bearable as rumors flew far and wide of secret arrangements
and political intrigues transpiring behind the closed doors
of the Great Council Hall. The tension of the situation
became apparent in the relations between the Legions of
the various Deathlords, and the bonds that had formed
between individuals who served different Deathlords came
under increasing amounts of strain.

With the confirmation of the rumors of the disappear-
ance of Charon's Mask, the threat of the eruption of full-
scale rioting hung over Stygia. For the first time, the popu-
med to realize that which the Deathlords had long

: Charon was gone, and no single person could
replace him. Swift action on the part of the Deathlords
succeeded in averting widespread panic. In a proclama-

tion which resounded throughout the entire city, the
Deathlords announced the transformation of Charon's
Advisory Council into the Ruling Council of the Empire
of Stygia.

Zach Deathlord then made a short speech reaf-
firming his or her dedi

ion to the principles which had,
over the centuries, maintained order and stability in the
Underworld. The dream of Charon would not fade, but
would multiply seven-fold.
Annals of the Dead
What of the Legions of Fate in all this? The enigmatic
Ladies of Fate kept apart from the public display surround-
ing the announcement of Stygia's new Oligarchy. In fact,
few people could recall the last time Fate had directly in-


tervened in Stygian affairs. In the past, visits from a Lady
of Fate or one of her handmaidens had guided Charon to
some of his most significant decisions. In fact, if not for
the Lady's support and advice, the Hierarchy would have

never come into being at all.

Why, then, would she turn her back on the Hierarchy?
Some believe that the Ladies of Fate have withdrawn their
support from the Ruling Council. Others maintain that the
Deathlords themselves refused to admit Fate into their com-
pany, fearing that the Seat of Fate would exert the same
hold over them as it had over Charon. A few hushed voices
whisper of a new city arising on the Isle of Eurydice, from
which Fate's minions hope to remake the Underworld.

And yet, rumors also paint the Ladies as the keepers
of Charon's seat. Some say they will choose a successor
when one is worthy; some hint that they wait for the re-
turn of Charon himself. Still others say that Fate guides
the Council even now, ever so quietly encouraging Stygia
toward a new golden age. Whether any of these allega-

tions are based on fact may never be known by any out-

side the Legions of Fate.

— Horace Venable, The Power of Rumor

The first joint action taken by the Deathlords upon their
assumption of absolute power consisted of a massive program
to rebuild the shattered communications system between the
Shadowlands and Stygia. Huge gangs of thralls repaired the
roadways and rail connections which had fallen into disarray
after the Fifth Maelstrom. Although the shipment of souls
between the Necropoli and Stygia had never come to a com-
plete halt, the damage caused by raids from Spectres and sabo-
tage by Renegades had severely restricted travel in many ar-
eas of the Shadowlands. This problem was speedily remedied.

The ramifications of this single decision extended be-
yond the obvious logistical benefits. The message went forth
that Stygia still thrived and still sought to maintain contact
with the Necropoli. In addition, the Deathlords found a way

to relieve Stygia of some of her overcrowding and make use
of her stagnating resources. Press gangs of Legionnaires cap-
tured many wraiths who had no obvious allegiances or oc-
cupations and herded them into the work crews which went
out from Stygia into the Tempest to rebuild the roads. The
emphasis on expediting mercantile traffic announced to both
Stygia and the Shadowlands that the Deathlords' primary
concerns lay not with reimposing direct rule but in propa-

gating trade and boosting the economy of the Underworld.

— Jason Dunworth, Economy and Power in Stygia


The Present

The events of the last fifteen years have proven diffi-
cult to assimilate, for technically they are not yet "his-
tory." Still, some assessments are possible, although they
must be seen as only temporary theories. But then, history
is merely a succession of temporary theories that have be-
come accepted as fact through the accumulated weight of
time.

— Thucydides the Younger, The Procession of the Ages

To view the Hierarchy as it was in its beginnings and
as it is today is to behold a masterful blend of tradition
and adaptation. That our government still survives owes
much to the vision of Charon, a man who believed in the
virtue of change, but it also speaks well of the strength
inherent within the structure itself. The classical virtues
of Greece, the discipline of Rome, the loyalty of the feu-
dal kingdoms, the expanding horizons of the ages of ex-
ploration and empire, the ingenuity and industrial spirit
of the Victorian era, and the technological progressive-
ness of the 20th century have worked together to shape
the government of the Underworld. Yet our essential na-
ture has never wavered from our original purpose — to
bring order to the chaos of the Underworld so that souls
would not be lost to Oblivion.

Mortal society, in fact, has quite a way to go before it
matches the efficiency of the Hierarchy. There is no pov-
erty. Disease is a thing of the Skinlands. Any wraith, re-
gardless of race or gender, has an equal chance of advance-
ment. And every citizen contributes something, aids his
or her neighbors in some way, even if all they can manage
is to serve as a weapon or cornerstone. We have purpose,
order, and safety, and they are guaranteed concepts, not
just empty promises.

Since our inception, we of the Hierarchy have ben-
efited from the sense of continuity provided by our older
members. In addition to the Deathlords, many senior offi-
cials in Stygia have served as advisors and counselors for
well over a thousand years. Their wisdom and prudence
have ensured the gradual absorption of new ideas into the
Hierarchy. The constant recruitment of new souls has also
served to strengthen our government by providing valu-
able information and suggestions brought from the
Skinlands. It is this age-old wisdom, coupled with its youth-
ful vitality, that has kept the Hierarchy powerful and rel-
evant.

— Annals of the Dead

The Dance of Death

Regardless of how much they learn, how much progress
they make, mortals just can't keep themselves from dying.
In 1980, the World Health Organization announced the
eradication of smallpox; in 1981, scientists identified AIDS.
Tuberculosis, once thought confined to the annals of medi-
cal history, is making a comeback in the 1990s. On the
political front, the reunification of Germany, the collapse
of the Soviet Union, and the official end of apartheid in
South Africa greatly reduced old Cold War tensions. As if
in retaliation, however, a constant procession of wars and
rebellions has created a new set of political hotspots. The
1980s hosted wars in Afghanistan, Central America, and
Lebanon. This current decade has already seen Operation

Desert Storm, the massacre in Tiananmen Square, civil war
in Eastern Europe, and massive nationalist uprisings in what
was once the Soviet Union. Terrorism has become the fa-
vorite means of self-expression among the politically and
socially dissatisfied. Widespread drought has led to famine
in many parts of the world (most of them under the charge
of the Dark Kingdoms), while tornadoes, earthquakes, vol-
canic eruptions, floods and other natural disasters vie with
airline crashes, building collapses, and traffic fatalities in
the race to see whether nature or technology can deliver
more souls to the Underworld.

— Ludmilla Hoffstein, Echoes Across the Shroud

The electron highway has closed the information gap
between the Shadowlands and the Skinlands. It used to
take decades before scientific and political developments
in the mortal world produced an impact beyond the
Shroud. We had to wait for people to die or else for techno-
relics to appear in the Shadowlands before our specialists
could take advantage of new ideas and technologies. Now
we acquire information as it develops. Skinriding is the

informational equivalent of snail mail. Instant access is
the order of the day.

— Downloader@arcanos.net (from the collected
postings of the Online Legions)

Look around you. Where is the real Hierarchy? Locked
away in Stygia along with the attitudes and mores of the
dinosaurs? Scattered throughout the Shadowlands, where
Anacreons assert their own forms of despotism and petty
tyranny in the face of Stygia's sublime indifference? Some
say that Spectres, disguised as the Deathlords, have taken
control of the Underworld. Others say that the Deathlords
have long since been consumed by their Shadows and have
made the once-mighty government of Stygia into a tool
whereby they can inflict our souls with endlessly new tor-
ments and frustrations. Regardless of the truth of the mat-
ter, it is plain that the Hierarchy only continues to exist
because no one has bothered to inform it of its demise. The
government of Charon passed into Oblivion, along with

Ex Libris: The History of the Hierarchy 51


its leader, more than three decades ago. What is left is a
travesty — a collection of self-serving bureaucrats in the
Shadowlands and an elite economic cartel which calls it-
self the Ruling Council in Stygia. The Code of Charon exists
only as a list of rules to mark off, one by one, as they are
broken.

You have called me a Renegade, a Heretic, even a
Spectre, for publicly voicing my opinions in the streets of
the Necropoli and in the marketplaces of Stygia. Your Le-
gions have pursued me through the byways of the Tempest
and into the Skinlands, where I have often had to flee to
escape capture. One day, perhaps, you will corner me and
deliver me, bound with the strongest chains you possess,
to the tortures of the Inquisition and the fires of your tame
Attificers. When that happens, my voice will still cry out
against the betrayal of a vision. And mine will not be the
only voice. Others who have heard my words and read my
writings will rip away the cauls of deception and illusion
that blind them to the truth. The Hierarchy has aban-
doned the goals it once held so inviolable. Yet it is not
beyond redemption.

Oblivion draws closer with each passing of the tides
along the Sunless Sea, and only the Hierarchy still pos-
sesses the resources to keep it at bay. I have not abandoned
the Hierarchy, but I will not be a silent witness to its ex-
cesses. I believe in the great purpose once espoused by the
Legions of the Dead. So long as I am able, I will persist in
calling for a return to our beginnings, a purification of our
purpose, and a rededication of our collective wills. My goal
is not to destroy the Hierarchy — for I still serve it though
it has condemned me as a traitor — but to change it from
within, to restore it to its rightful role as the shepherd of
the souls of the dead and the sentinel against the forces of
Oblivion.

indra" (from pamphlet nailed to the door of
the Great Library of Stygia)

Hey, Cassandra, I don't know if you're online, but I
figure someone as "enlightened" as you ought to be get-
ting Electron Highway info from someplace. We've posted
your latest work as sort of a textbook example of a flame.

Yeah, the Legions have been chasing you every time
you jump on your relic soapbox. Well, what do you expect,
lady? There's constructive criticism and then there's psycho-
freakish ranting. Let's just take a look at that pamphlet and
see where you stand, shall we? Hmmm... nope, sorry, I don't
see any helpful suggestions. All negative, no positive. You're
an educated wraith, and seems like you've been around for
awhile. But hell, it beats me how you can still say you stand
for the Hierarchy when you can't be bothered to mention a
single worthwhile thing it does. Me, I'm a Hierarchy wraith,
and I know it. Means I figure the system's worth giving a
damn about. I ain't sure where you really stand, but feel
free to e-mail me. I love a good discussion.


Oh, and anybody else who's listening, have a good
look at the pamphlet. It's a neat piece of rhetoric, but there's
no reason you should waste perfectly good bandwidth sav-
ing this kind of diatribe for later.

— Gawain@siege.perilous.net (from the collected
postings of the Online Legions)

Final Words

It is my hope that your perusal of these volumes and
scrolls has advanced your quest for knowledge. I see that
some of what you have read disturbs you. Your curiosity
also appears piqued. Good. Perhaps you will return an-
other time to continue your research into the history of
this land beyond the Shroud. The search for truth is never-
ending, but in the end, you must decide for yourself what
is true and what is false. I assure you, it is not as simple as

it seems. Each and every last book within these walls cap-
tures the voice of a person like you or me — and we are
certainly not infallible, are we?

One word of caution: the Hierarchy has placed great
trust in you by allowing you access to the entire library.
You will have to be careful to keep the extent of your
knowledge from those elements who would do anything
to possess it.

Reject it or accept it, the Hierarchy still rules both in
Stygia and in the Shadowlands. Its vision, Charon's vi-
sion, still shapes Restless society as we know it. Consider
what you have read, what you have experienced, and what
you have yet to discover. Go now from these archives of
the past and venture forth into the present, armed with
the knowledge you have acquired. Oh — please return
the keys to the vault before you leave.

— Hypatia

Ex Libris: The History of the Hierarchy 53



Culture:

Inside the Hierarchy

Only the City lay silently around her; only the river flowed
below, and the stars flickered above, and in the houses lights
shone... A kind of pale October day had dawned and the lights

grown dark and they had shone — and so on — twenty or
thirty times. There had been no sun. During the day she saw
the River and the City; during the night, the stars. Nothing

in the apparent houses had gone out; and then it had once more

else.

via — Heart 0
the Hierarchy

The great city that lies at the convergence of the Sea
of Souls and the Sunless Sea rests deep within the Tem-

pest, connected to the Shadowlands by a vast network of
roads, rails, and rivers. Called the City of Chains, the City
of Souls, the City of Dark Echoes or, simply, the City of
the Dead, Stygia — more than anything e
izes the might of the Hierarchy in the lands of the dead

e — symbol

Everything about her, from the Onyx Tower, built from
the stuff of souls and the dark metals mined from the depths
of the Labyrinth, to the crowded lower warrens swarming
with stranded souls, bears witness to both the grandeur
and the squalor which characterize the best and worst quali-
ties of the Underworld's largest and most powerful element.

— Charles Williams, All Hallows Eve

The city

Originally situated atop the Isle of Sorrows, Stygia has
since outgrown its island confines and now encompasses

the lands along the shoreline of the Sunless Sea. Despite
its expansion, most Stygians consider the original bound-
aries of the city to be the "real" Stygia; the rest is just hin-
terlands and urban sprawl.

In building Stygia, Charon's original intent was to erect
an eternal city in the image of the great lost cities of the
world, as well as the current era's metropolitan masterpiece

the magnificent city of Rome. Symmetry and beauty
were his guiding principles. In the wake of the First Great
Maelstrom, defense also became a priority. The rebuilding
of Stygia necessitated by the ravages of the Maelstrom re-
flected the need to provide strong fortifications, even if

this diminished to some extent the city's aesthetic appear

ance. Subsequent problems with overcrowding made addi-
tional demands on the structural development of Stygia,

and the reality grew even further away from the ideal.


Despite the deviations from its original plan, Stygia
still contains many buildings and areas which reflect the
ideals of its founder. These structures stand in stark con-
trast to the surrounding squalor and serve as reminders of
a purpose some feel has now been abandoned.

¢The Onyx Tower — This jutting spire of polished
onyx rises up from the center of the city. Once it was
Charon's own palace and contained many treasures, which
Charon had gathered in order to preserve them from the
ravages of the mortal world.

¢The Hall of the Counselors — Originally designed
to be the meeting place for Charon's Senate, this massive
building resembles its Roman counterpart. Also called the
Great Council Hall, it is used for the official sessions of
the Deathlords.

The Great Library of Stygia — This graceful edi-
fice not only resembles the Great Library of Ptolemy I —
once the symbol of the city of Alexandria's devotion to
learning — it is in fact the same structure. Its shaded halls
surround an open courtyard, and the building radiates an
aura of sanctuary that stands distinct from the raging tu-
mult beyond its walls.

¢The Colosseum — In vivid contrast to the serenity
of the Great Library, this massive stone amphitheater serves
as the site for many public displays — from raucous and
violent gladiatorial spectacles to public demonstrations of
the Hierarchy's justice.

¢The Agora — Stygia has numerous markets where
artisans can ply their trades and which support the eco-
nomic life of the city, but the Agora — located near the
Onyx Tower in the center of the city — occupies a special
position in Stygia's affairs. The open space, demarcated by
slender pillars and an ornate statuary, has become a gath-
ering place where the citizens of Stygia can exchange in-
formation, barter goods or services, or rest from their la-
bors. Although the thrall trade is usually conducted in the
smaller marketplaces, a dealer in thralls will occasionally
bring some prime specimens to the Agora in hopes of get-
ting top price from Stygia's wealthier residents.

¢Temples of the Shining Ones — Near the docks
which front upon the Sunless Sea stands a series of dark-
ened, scorched buildings, formerly the temples constructed
by the Shining Ones to hold wraiths destined to travel to
the Far Shores. Though diminished in their glory through
centuries of disuse, and partially destroyed by the fires of
Charon's anger, these abandoned structures lend an ex-
otic and desolate elegance to the city's shoreline.

Palaces of the Deathlords — With the possible ex-
ception of the Onyx Tower, the palaces of the seven
Deathlords occupy the most prestigious sites within Stygia.
Each palace, with its surrounding grounds, forms a "realm"
of its own and each Deathlord holds absolute power over
what goes on within its confines.

The Hierarchy

nat

In addition to these few pieces of old Stygia, the city
contains many other buildings — some of them dating back
to the time of its founding, others denoting through style
or function a later construction. Now the avenues of Stygia
are lined with guild houses (converted for use by the Le-
gions), Legion headquarters, private dwellings and a
plethora of other administrative buildings and structures
of indeterminate purpose. The passing centuries have left
their marks upon the city's architecture, often to the det-
riment of its once "classical" character. In the last hun-
dred years, dark skyscrapers have risen to pierce the sky-
line, arrogantly defying physical boundaries, while squat
factories, overwhelming in their ugliness, have spread out
to cover whole blocks. The foundries in which thralls are
rendered into valuable soulplasm and the forges where the
metals of the Underworld are worked into Stygian steel
occupy their own sector within the city, but the winds that
blow through the land of the dead still carry with them
the stench and oily smoke from the belching furnaces.

Outside the city itself, across the massive iron bridges
that connect the Isle of Sorrows to the mainland, vast
warehouses serve as storehouses for the masses of thralls
that arrive by road and rail from the Shadowlands.
Railyards and railway terminals mark the end of the rail
lines and provide an easy means for the transferring of trib-
ute to Stygia and the loading of goods bound for the
Necropoli.

The Politics

T want to know who the men in the shadows are

I want to hear somebody asking them why

They can be counted on to tell us who our enemies are

But they're never the ones to fight or to die

— Jackson Browne, "Lives in the Balance"

Any government, no matter how solid a front it pre-
sents to outsiders, will inevitably be torn by competing
factions among its ranks. Within the Hierarchy, the
struggle for ascendancy and power has always occupied
much of the energy of its rulers. Only Charon's unrivaled
power prevented major eruptions of internal conflict,
though even he had to contend with opposition from Ren-
egades, Heretics, the guilds and his own Ferrymen. Since
Charon's disappearance, the controls he held over the
Deathlords have shattered. Battles for power among the
seven joint rulers of Stygia have led to a state of secret war
within the city itself and open conflict in the outer re-
gions of the Shadowlands and the Necropoli.


Sa
SRT
nee
SNe

qhe Deathlords

Charon originally delegated power to his closest ad-
visors, wraiths whose judgment he trusted and whose coun-
sel he respected, in order to simplify the process of con-
ducting souls through the Underworld to their destined
afterlives. Each Deathlord (as they came to be called) wa:
given jurisdiction over certain groups of souls, divided ac-
cording to the manner of their death. Charon's reasoning
was that in order to resolve the conditions that kept them
stranded in the Underworld, the souls of the Restless Dead
needed to confront the circumstances of their deaths and
reconcile themselves to their fate.

Each Deathlord, therefore, had a focus around which
to base the necessary rituals and practices of purification
for the wraiths under their protection. In the beginning,
the numbers of wraiths were small enough to warrant per-
sonal attention from the Deathlords. As the centuries
passed, however, and more and more wraiths died with
their ties to the mortal world unresolved, the Deathlords
were forced to delegate their tasks to their own underlings.
Asa result, the Deathlords grew further distant from their
original purpose.

When Charon's Proclamation of Reason outlawed the
Heretics and declared, in effect, that Transcendence was a
myth, there seemed little reason for the continued attempts
to purify the souls of wraiths stranded in the Underworld.
The Deathlords' reasons for amassing wraiths altered dras-
tically. Instead of furthering their passage to the afterlife
or helping them Transcend, the Deathlords began to look
upon wraiths as tools to use as troops and labor or as fod-
der for the Artificers' fires. The Deathlords who controlled
the greatest numbers of wraiths, therefore, had access to
the greatest share of resources in the Underworld.

The realms of the Deathlords, including their palaces
and grounds, once reflected the nature of the transforma-
tional journey intended to cleanse each soul who entered
of the spiritual onus brought upon them by the manner of
their death. Originally intended to serve as sites for medi-
tation and purification, they were designed to force wraiths
to confront and resolve the circumstances of their passage
from the living world. Now they serve as standing monu-

ments to the mastery and power wielded by those once des-
ignated by Charon as Most Revered Servants of the Dead.


qhe Seven Realms of Death

©The Seat of Silence

The palace of the Quiet Lord, who over-
sees the victims of despair, appears as a col-
lection of weeping spires. Within, its walls
absorb all sounds of weeping and anguish.
Here, those victims of their own despair,
suicides and martyrs alike, release their sor-
row and desolation until their reserves are
spent and they are engulfed in quiet. With
the silence comes healing and acceptance.

©The Seat of Golden Tears

The palace of the Beggar Lord, who
claims all those who die through mysterious
circumstances or who do not remember the
cause of their death, has been described as a
maze, a funhouse, an impossibility and an
eyesore. The wraiths who belong to the Beg-
gar Lord may never solve the mystery of their
demise, just as they may never truly fathom
the nature of their Lord's domain. Their task
is to reconcile themselves to the knowledge

that there are some things they may never
know. Once a wraith admits defeat, she is
able to embrace the mystery of her death and
put it behind her.

©The Seat of Thorns

The thorns which seem to surround the
palace of the Emerald Lord, whose followers
are comprised of the victims of chance oc-
currences, obscure the structure that lies
within. According to some rumors, the Em-
erald Lord shaped his palace from a single
monstrous emerald found in the mines be-
neath Stygia. Others say that the-palace is a

aceted structure in which its inhab-
itants encounter constant surprises and ever-
changing surroundings. Like their counter-
parts in the Seat of Golden Tears, the wraiths
who die from accidents, earthquakes and
other unforeseen or uncontrollable cireum-
stances must accept the certainty that noth-
ing is certain, Only then will they be freed
from the burden of their deaths.

©The Seat of Burning Waters

The castle of the Smiling Lord, ruler of
the victims of violence, confronts those who
enter with images of blood and steel. It re-
sembles nothing so much as a grim fortress,
within which all manner of unspeakable
deeds are sanctioned. Those wraiths who find
their way to this dread place learn to con-
front the violence within themselves as well
as the violence which brought about their
deaths.

©The Seat of Shadows

The palace of the Ashen Lady cycles
through a thousand changes with the pass-
ing of each tide along the shores of the
Sunless Sea. In the Stygian equivalent of
morning it appears bright and new, as if it
were built only yesterday. By evening, its
facade has faded and deteriorated until it
seems fit only for the wrecking ball. Within,
it id, the rooms and furnishings undergo
a similar transformation. From this never-
ending cycle, the souls who died from the
pressing weight of their years learn to accept
the fact that all things must ultimately wither
and die.

©The Seat of Succor

The Laughing Lady oversees her charges
from within a stronghold that looms,
prisonlike, over its surroundings. Within,
however, it is a haven where wraiths whose
deaths resulted from madness — their own
or someone else's — come to terms with the
source of madness itself. No one is quite ¢
tain how this is accomplished or whether any
who have entered the Laughing Lady's realm
have ever found what they seek, but all who
pass within earshot of the Seat of Succor tes-
tify to the constant sound of laughter that
resonates from the palace walls
that is often difficult to distinguish from
weeping.

a sound


¢The Seat of Dust
The Skeletal Lord's palace houses the vic-
tims of pestilence and famine within a bone-

white edifice, the fragile exterior of which be-
lies the sturdiness of the actual structure.
Though no longer physically wracked by the
ravages of disease and hunger, the souls within
seek, nevertheless, to find a reason for their
apparently meaningless deaths. Lacking that,
they struggle to accept their fat

interactions between Deathlords

Since his disappe

rance, Charon's method of appor-

tioning souls to the Deathlords' charge has come under
question. While the Lords who oversee the victims of vio-
lence and pestilence (which includes famine) never lack
for souls, the other Deathlords are forced to depend upon
the vagaries of chance to bring them victims. In particu-
lar, the Ashen Lady is reported to have complained that
the extension of the average human lifespan has made it
more difficult for her to harvest the number of souls to
which she is entitled. The Skeletal Lord also argued that
his share of souls has lessened due to the advances made

in medical research. The notorious trials of the First Con-
suls of War and Pestilence, though they may have been
grounded in fact, can also be seen as an attempt on the
part of some of the Deathlords to bring down the two most
powerful of their company.

Disputes of this nature occupy the attention of the
Deathlords almost to the complete exclusion of all other
matters. Since Stygia's separation from the Shadowlands,

Jers have taken on an esoteric
quality, a reflection of their di:

the quarrels among its |

‘ancing from the realities

of the Underworld. The Deathlords themselves rarely leave
the confines of their palaces, so most of the intrigue oc-
curs among their minions. Each Deathlord has a hous

hold staff of trusted servants and employees who oversee
the actual management of the Legions.

The Legions, too, reflect the changing loyalties of their
Deathlord commanders; each day they'wait anxiously for

their orders so that they may discover who their current

allies and enemies are. As a result, it is difficult to main-
tain friendships in Stygia. Most Le-
gionnaires are warned not to fraternize with their coun-
terparts in other Legions.

across Legion lines

The Seat of Fate
Unlike the Deathlords, the Lady of Fate does
not reside within Stygia itself. Charon reput-
edly offered her the Isle of Eurydice in return
for her many favors to him in the time before
time. The Legions of Fate, however, maintain a
small but elegantly simple structure within
Stygia, which serves as a waiting place for
wraiths who arrive in the Underworld bearing
upon them the mark of Fate. It is unknown

whether these s
Paul Auguste Munier, An Imp

to resoly
jonist's E)

qhe Lesions of stygia

Contrary to popular belief, the members of the Peni-
tent Legions
the ranks of the Legions of the Grim uniformly prone to

are not all mad, nor are the wraiths who form

violence. The variety of individuals to be found within
each Deathlord's Legions illustrates the reality that death

comes equally to those of all classes, temperaments and

abilities. It is possible, however, to make a few generaliza-
tions about the character of each Legion.

°The Silent Legion — Most, though not all, of the
members of this legion were responsible for their own deaths.
Suicide, at least_in the Western world, represents, the
epitome of despair. It is the ultimate negation of the will to
live, a final acknowledgment that the future holds no prom-

ise of hope. Even within this seemingly narrow category,
there are a number of variations. Some moftals commit sui-
cide after a sudden shock ot loss, such as the investors who
launched themselves fromthe windows of their skyscraper
offices following the stock market crash of 1929. Others
turn to suicide as a last resort, following a series of failures
in love, career or social status. Vietims of prolonged termi-
nal illnesses sometimes choose to end» their lives preme
turely rather than suffer the agony or loss of control that
will accompany the final stages of their disease.

Martyrs may fall under the aegisiof the Quiet Lord as
well, particularly if their deaths weré alike that ofSocrates
— self-inflicted®By choositig roWie, these'Hartyrs voiced
a cry of despair im which lay|the hope}that their'deaths
would succeed in effectingsome future change.

Once ensgoneed in their wraithly existence, the mem-
bers of the Silent Legion réprésent a broadspectrum of
personality! types, from the stereotypical ¢hrottic depres-
sive to the otherwise normal individual who, overedme by
inner pain, swallowed the barrel of a gun.


©The Legion of Paupers — Although some wraiths
do not know the causes of their deaths, this Legion also
serves as a catch-all for many wraiths whose deaths would
otherwise qualifyathem for membership in more than one
us individual who drops dead for
of the Legion of Paupers also
an of heat. attacks inth@@Ourse of a
y Ayynot ‘Raveyproven fatal on its
Bi: vital medications due to
fr earthquake. [t is said, that the
Beggar Lord got his title becauée he had to "beg" his souls
from the other Deathlords)
Victims of certain di s, Such as progetia, which
causes rapid aging of the body,to stich a degree that young
children can die of "old age," ay Sometimes fall to the
Beggar Lord rather tha the SkeletaldLord or Ashen Lady.
In the same fashion, ifdividuals Who kill themselves rather
than face death bytarvation ofjtorture 6ften default to
the Legion of Paupets in§tead of the Legions of the Skel-
etal or Smiling. even sometimes to the exclusion of
the Quiet L6r members of this Légion, therefore,
represent the widest range of different types, brought to-
gether only by the commonality of confusion.
The Emerald Legion — Anyone can fall prey to
accidental death or naturaldisasters, so the members of

loods, fires and othens\acts of God"
individual's temperamentior qualifi-

s include in its ranks a greater propor-
merely eltimsy individuals¢
ure of many digasters,is'such that whole
iimes entire towns perish, the Emerald
y copé with hordes of wraiths Who have
e is said that the Legions of the Emerald
Lord oft€n carry spare Fetters with them to award to po-
tential recruitg' How they get these Fetters is'a matter of
wide speculation, and the issue hasearned the Legion a
somewhat dubious reputation.

©The Legions of the Grim — Despite their warlike repu-
tation, the members of this Legion do not come entifély from
the ranks of warriors, nor are they necessatily violent in tem-
perament. Those killed by violence areghot always violent
themselves; more often they are inngéent murder victims or
civilian casualties of war. Neverphéless, this Legion is known
for its frequent gnfightin fentimes opponents in battle
will arrive im simultaneously and, if claimed
by the sam
rated. In
work of cheqlg
resolve their"
lently would find hi

Re 60 The Hierarchy

d business, a murderer who died vio-
elf in the same Cohort as his victim.

Although the frequent outbreaks of warfare in the
Skinlands contribute a significant proportion of military
servicepeople to the Grim Legion, its membership is just as
varied as that of any other Legion. Alongside seasoned war
veterans and raw recruits killed in their first battle, one
finds elderly victims of vicious stabbings and the victims of
serial killers and gang-related violence, as well as individu-
als whose deaths are attributed to crimes of passion. The
Smiling Lord's Legions often attempt to lay claim to those
persons who kill themselves in a violent fashion, declaring
that violence — not despair — more accurately describes
their mode of departure from the world of the living.

©The Iron Legion — There are always those indi-
viduals who, despite having lived a full life, still lack a
sense of fulfillment or are unwilling to let go of their fami-
lies or their fortunes at the time of their deaths. In centu-
ries past, most people reached old age and died while in
their 40s; the advances of the current era, however, have
brought about a tremendous increase in the average
lifespan. This has had a significant impact on the nature
of those who come at last under the control 6f the Ashen
Lady andgher Iron Legion. Although new breakthroughs
in medicine and technology Have adele possible for more
people to live to.a/venerable old age, the chances for one's
meeting an early death Have also inéréased; thus it is still
likely that someone with thepotential to live for 70 years
would meet their demiséimuch sooner.

It is commonly believed, usar the ranks of the Iron Le-
gion contain only the doddering or the senile. This is far from
the case. Many of its members wete gifted with uncommon
good health or keen mental facultiesjthroughout their long
lives; many lived so long because they were too stubborn to
die. In general, most of the individuals who serve the Ashen
Lady demonstrate a wisdom and tolerance born from their
lengthy stay in the Skinlands. A number of these elderly
wraiths also bring a lifetime's worth of skills and talents to
their Legion. It is, however, an unfortunate commentary on
the tyranny of youth that many members of the Iron Legion
seek out Masquers at the earliest opportunity, in order to al-
ter their appearance and regain their youthful image.

©The Penitent Legion — Madness often leads to
death, but more often the members of the Penitent Le-
gion come from the rankg of those individuals who fall
prey to psychopaths, serial killers, drug-crazed murderers
or seriously disturbed parents or spouses. Many argue that
individuals killed in wars and yictims of terrorist actions
and government-sanctioned geno¢ide rightfully belong in
the Penitent Legion, sirlee their deaths resulted from po-
litical madness.

Included itthi§ group as well are victims of degenera-
tive mental diseases sucht as Alzheimer's and those who
die in institutions through neglect or lack of adequate treat-
ment. The Penitent Legion claims jurisdiction over many


individuals whose deaths were indirectly caused by mad-
ness. Some have characterized the membership of the Peni-
tent Legions as a collection of wraiths who are either very,
very mad or very, very sane.

©The Gaunt Legion — Next to violence, disease and
famine probably claim the largest share of souls in the
Underworld. In the past, the frequency and longevity of
plagues often caused the wraiths in the Gaunt Legions to
outnumber those in the Legions of the Grit, As scientists
discovered cures for more and more diséases'and preven-
tive medicine lessened thegiitnpaet of many others, the
Gat mas began to@vorry that their numbers would

nolongel Cop paewith the gierims 6f yidlence. Rumors

or prevent the discove
culate widely, throughoun, the Whderworlds bie so
has ever come t6 light.

Victims of famine,atid drought also fall under the in-
fluence of the Skeletal Lord. In the modern world, hunger
has reached ¢pidemi¢ propértions. With few exceptions,
howeveryefiost of the wraiths Whoidie oftarvation belong
to the Dark Kingdoms. Thisjhaglong beenlaybone of con-
tentioh between the Skeletal Lord and the Rullifig, Goun-
cil. The Gaunt Legion is suspected of ignoring the agree-
ment with the Dark Kingdoms in a desperate pitch to gain
more souls. It should be noted that starvation and malnu-
trition are not exclusively the province of the Dark King-
doms, and that the Gaunt Legions contain victims of
Stalin's induced famine and other war-related starvation
as well as individuals who continue to die of
malnourishment in the rural South and other areas of ru-
ral poverty in the Western world.

©The Legions of Fate — Unlike the other Legions,
those wraiths destined forghe Legions of Fate do not share
acommon cause of deathy. Althese wraiths have to qualify
them for service to the Lady of Fate is the fact that, for
some reason, they bear Her mark when they enter the
Underworld. It isimpossible for outsiders to characterize
the members offthis.cnigmatic Legion in asty way, although
it is almost certaingshatthe Lady"of Fate and her
handmaidens have soft i@a of the purpose for which each
wraith so marked is destined.

\

"\
‘

B

-

\

Be 2

<


qhe Civil Hierarchy

The art of government differs from the art of campaign-
ing, and the Hierarchy in both Stygia and the Shadowlands
has evolved a parallel administrative structure which focuses
on the vital — though often underappreciated — tasks of
civil management and record-keeping. When the need for
non-military personnel became clear, shortly after the for-
mation of the Republic of Stygia, Charon'
him against the danger of setting up a "second Hierarchy"
that might one day seek to outmaneuver its parent organiza-
tion. To emphasize their incorporation into a single govern-
ing body, they were accorded honorary military titles as well
as administrative ranks or grades. The civil servants of the
Hierarchy are, therefore, considered "reserves" and, as such,
can be drafted into the Legions in the event of a military
emergency. Most of these civil servants perform reserve duty
notunlike that of the National Guard in the Skinlands, spend-
ing one weekend of every month in serving training, and are
prepared to be called up ata moment's notice. This has led to
friction between the "weekend warriors" and career soldiers

who serve alongside these reserves, who, in their estimation,
don't know which is the dangerous end of darksteel.

Advancement from one civilian rank to the next requires
acombination of skilled performance, personal drive and the
right connections. Transfers between civilian and military
branches of the Hierarchy are not uncommon. The lower
echelons of the active Legions contain a fair share of bored
civil servants, while some burned-out or shell-shocked Le-
gionnaires temporarily seek out the relative safety of a desk
job.

Clerks form the lowest rung on the administrative lad-
der; these beginning civil servants perform the routine but
vital tasks which make up the bulk of government work. They
also act as "gofers" to anyone of a higher rank. Clerks need to
be literate and have at least some education, for they must
learn the byzantine convolutions of Hierarchy economics.
They hold the honorary rank of Legionnaire.

Adjusters not only supervise the activities of several
clerks, they also serve as staff aides to higher-ranking offi-
cials. They hold most of the "middle-management" posts in
Stygia and the Shadowlands, and while they do not them-
selves wield enormous amounts of power, they have access to
individuals who do. They hold the honorary rank of Centu-
rion.

Inspectors are in charge of administering a particular area
around a Citadel (in the Shadowlands) or a specialized sub-
department of the government (in Stygia). They work closely
with the Legions' Marshals, and cooperation between the two

parallel ranks is crucial to ensure that things run smoothly.
Crossover between the civil and the military wings of the
Hierarchy is fairly common at this level. Inspectors hold the
honorary rank of Marshal.


Ministers in Stygia serve as department heads and over-
see the work of the Inspectors within their department. In
the Shadowlands, they are in charge of the economy, the
entry and egress of wraiths, and the collection of information
in the Haunts around the perimeter of a Citadel. In both
Stygia and the Shadowlands, they often employ Adjusters
and infor-

(and occasionally Centurions) to act as their spie
mants, since their "need to know" is vital to the performance
of their duties. This position is a training ground for the ar-
cane politics of the higher ranks of the Hierarchy. Many Min-
isters use their positions to instill a healthy dose of fear in
their underlings, with the design to improve the efficiency of
their work. Ministers hold the honorary rank of Regent.
Chancellors are the administrative equivalent of Over-
lords. In Stygia they serve as tants and advisors to the
Deathlords, and are among the few wraiths who are actually
admitted into the presence of these enigmatic Underworld
leaders. In the Shadowlands, Chancellors act as advisors
(along with Overlords) to the Anacreon of a Citadel. They
are responsible for the everyday operation and management
¢ all shipments to and from Stygia.
Chancellors hold the honorary rank of Overlord.

of a Citadel and ov:

In Stygia, Chancellors form the uppermost echelon of
the Hierarchy's civil administration. In the Shadowlands,
however, competent Chancellors occasionally attain the cov-
ition of Anacreon. Many ambitious Stygian Chan-
cellors request transfers to the Shadowlands in search of this
administrative plum. Occasionally, the Deathlords will send

eted p

a Chancellor from Stygia to fill the post of Anacreon in a
particularly troublesome Necropolis.

The Stygian "Lifestyle"

The society of Stygia is made up of some of the oldest
and most powerful wraiths in the Underworld. Here the
seven Deathlords have their dwellings and hold their se-
cret councils. Here the Domem, elder wraiths whose Fet-
ters have not survived the passage of time and circum-
stances, reside within the shelter provided by the City of
Steel and Souls. Here, too, in the glowing fires of Kyklops
and the forges of the Artificers, the constant parade of
weak and Fetterless thralls reaches its final destination.

Severed from its connections to the Skinlands during
the late Middle Ages, Stygia's society has changed little
from that time. Although a few modern innovations have
been incorporated into some aspects of Stygian culture,
such as architecture, weaponry and mass production
ygian thought and mores remain locked
in a past based largely on the Roman Empire and medi-
e

technologies, ‘

al Europe. Denied access to the vicarious pleasures and
entertainments afforded wraiths who dwell in close prox-
imity to the Skinlands, Stygian wraiths have found other

ways to occupy their time.

Work

The Legions of Stygia take their business very seri-
ously. Not far from the gates of Stygia lies the Venous Stair,
a vast opening into the Labyrinth which serves not only
as a reservoir of the precious ores which go into the forg-
ing of Stygian steel but also as a link with the Tempest.
Stygian patrols are constantly busy providing safe access
to the resources of the Venous Stair while simultaneously

preventing its use by hordes of invading Spectre

Although the guilds have ceased to exist as indepen-
dent entities, many previous guild members have been as-
similated into the Hierarchy and now ply their skills un-
der direct Stygian supervision. Nhudri and the Artificers
who work with him spend long hours at the arduous tasks
of creating marketable goods, oboli and other useful items
out of the stuff of soulplasm. The elite of Stygia, desiring
custom alte

ions of their Corpus for cosmetic or utilitar-
ian purposes, place high demands on Masquers' talents.
The role of Pardoners in Stygian society cannot be under-
stated, for as members of Stygia's ruling class age and grow
in power, so, too, do their Shadows increase in strength.
Many Pardoners hold high positions within the Hierarchy
and serve as personal counselors to Stygian officials. The
Harbingers still serve as messengers, although now they

run between the Shadowlands and Stygia or to other, more
distant outposts. To interfere with them risks bad luck,
more accounting from tradition than from Hierarchy-in-
duced fear. Because of the value and necessity of their ser-
vice, most Monitors were inducted straight into the Le-
gions after the disbanding of their guild, where they con-
tinue to perform their duties of guardianship.

The business of coordinating and administrating
Stygian affairs constitutes the work of most Hierarchy
wraiths not actively involved in military maneuvers. The
bureaucracy of the Hierarchy has its headquarters in Stygia,
operating out of a number of massive buildings in the cen-
ter of the city. The administrative wing of the Hierarchy
boasts a proliferation of titles and posts, all of which deal
with the day-to-day activities necessary to keep the wheels
of government turning at least consistently, if not smoothly.

In addition to such tasks as cataloguing and recording the
number and disposition of souls entering the city, Stygia

employs an army of scribes and archivists whose sole pur-

ation of knowl-

pose is to ensure the acquisition and preser'

edge and the chronicling of the history of the Underworld.

While the heart of Stygia consists of elegant (if some-
what outdated) buildings and stately promenades, other
parts of the city show the effects of unrelieved overcrowd-
ing. Narrow streets and narrower alleys form maze-like
networks of dead ends and cul-de
dies

acs where only the hat-

souls dare to travel in groups of less than five or six.
Buildings compete for vertical as well as horizontal space

Culture: Inside the Hierarchy 63


along these cluttered lanes. Here reside the drop-outs and
fringe elements of Stygian society: escaped thralls, desert-
ers from the Legions, a few independent entrepreneurs,
illegal visitors to the city and members of guilds that do
not enjoy official Hierarchy sanction. Black marketeers in
thralls, Fetters and fake deathmarks conduct their illicit
business in the underbelly of Stygia in relative safety, al-
though they maintain constant lookouts to warn of ap-
proaching Hierarchy patrols. Unsanctioned or outcast

guilds, such as the Oracles, Proctors, and gangs of Spooks
and Haunts, ply their trades in secrecy, demanding high
prices from those who deliberately seek them out. Though
few would freely admit to patronizing them, the Usurers
and Puppeteers maintain a Hierarchy clientele, along with
the now-accessible Heretics and Renegades. Rumors of
infiltration by Spectres always result in sweeps of these
lower-class parts of the city, but the constant influx of new
arrivals provides ready replacements for wraiths unfortu-
nate enough to be caught by a Stygian patrol.

Ply

Leisure pursuits in Stygia, like the city itself, bear the
stamp of bygone eras. In the Skinlands, before the advent
of modern media technology brought information and

entertainment into the home, most individuals relied on
their own resources for amusement and relaxation. Since
most citizens of Stygia either cannot or will not travel to
the Shadowlands, where proximity to the Skinlands af-
fords multiple opportunities for recreation, the cultural life

of Stygia has assumed a vigorous, though sometimes jaded
and decadent, "life" of its own.
Just as the citizens of Athens and Rome would meet

in the agorae to discuss matters of philosophy and politics,

so do the elite of Stygia likewise congregate in the mar-
ketplaces, museums, libraries and other public buildings
to enjoy conversation and debates on history, literature,
art and politics or simply to hear the latest gossip trickling
down from the households of the Deathlords. Drama,
musical performances, poetry recitals, satires and other
public entertainments keep the Sandmen and Chanteurs
of Stygia supplied with work. Gladiatorial combats which
pit specially trained and Moliated thralls against each other
or against captive Tempest-beasts bring throngs of wraiths
from all classes to the Colosseum. In the lower quarters of
Stygia, less prestigious contests of strength and arms draw
their share of spectators. Regardless of venue, gambling i
alway:

a part of Stygian sport, with oboli, relics, thralls
and sometimes Fetters passing through the hands of the

bookies and oddsmakers that hawk the crowds.


Other, more furtive amusements take place in back
alleys and dark hovels. Prostitution, although officially
banned by the Hierarchy, enjoys a brisk business in cer-
tain areas of the city — although the procurement of Pas-
sions of one sort or another rather than sex is more often
the object of desire. Not a few entrepreneurs keep stables
of thralls whose sole purpose is to provide paying custom-
ers with fixed amounts of Lust, Fear, Pity or Sorrow. (Love
is difficult, though not impossible, to acquire in this fash-
ion.) Almost any kind of pleasure, however obscure or
decadent, can be obtained somewhere in the depths of the
city. Rumors circulate constantly of clandestine visits by
one or the other of the Deathlords to some of the suppos-
edly secret torture parlors. Since the rulers of Stygia rarely
need to go out for entertainment, these rumors are usually
discounted.

Pelee Ep

When you spend enough time
with a lion, the idea of
roaring becomes more and
more reasonable.

— from Citizen X

x4 f Stygia is the Underworld's heart, the
§-9)| Necropoli form the vital conduits
which funnel precious sustenance from
the Shadowlands to that ponderously
beating organ. Designed to serve as
extensions of the Hierarchy's might and
to enable the Legions to establish col-
lection centers nearer to the Skinlands, the Necropoli have
gained in power and authority since the separation of Stygia
from the Shadowlands. Just as Stygian wraiths seldom leave
their city except on official and usually temporary busi-
ness, many Necropolitan wraiths never journey beyond
the Shadowlands to the city which claims to rule over the
entirety of the Underworld.

Before the disappearance of Charon, the Hierarchy, for
the most part, kept close tabs on the activities of the various
Necropoli. Failure to deliver shipments of thralls in sufficient
quantities, late shipments of tribute or rumors of "trouble in
the provinces" usually resulted in the speedy dispatch of Le-
gions or officials from Stygia to remedy the problems. In recent
years, however, the erratic nature of the Tempest and the con-
stant threat of attacks from roving bands of Spectres, Renegades
or bandits has made travel between Stygia and the Shadowlands
less than reliable. Combined with Stygia's growing preoccupa-
tion with its own affairs, the Necropoli have been left to their
own devices. Only the gravest emergencies, such asa complete

cessation of tribute or a state of outright insurrection, currently
elicit direct intervention by Stygia, and even that takes time.

The governments of most Necropoli have evolved into
semi-independent entities still bound by loyalty, as well as
strong (perhaps stronger) economic and political ties, to
Stygia, but otherwise free of direct Stygian rule. The local
Council of Anacreons and their Legions, usually made up
of wraiths native to the area, constitute their own Hierar-
chies-in-miniature, and their policies and customs vary
from Necropolis to Necropolis.

The Cities

Almost every city in the world where Western cul-
ture has left its stamp plays unwitting host to a hidden city
lurking just beyond the Shroud. Although each Necropolis
shares some traits common to all Shadowland-based cit-
ies, regional differences make each Necropolis a unique
environment for the local wraith population. Factors such
as relative distance from Stygia, the "ambiance" of the host-
city in the Skinlands, and the physical placement of Haunts
within each city contribute to the overall role played by
the Hierarchy in any given Necropolis.

Old World Necropoli

By and large, the Necropoli which formed around the
cities of Europe, where Charon's Hierarchy established its
first Shadowlands outposts and from which most of the
older Hierarchy wraiths originated, sustain a more conser-
vative, traditional attitude concerning the politics and
social structure of the Underworld. In the Necropoli of
Rome, Paris, London, Geneva and other relatively stable
European cities, strong ruling councils of Anacreons at-
tempt to mimic the structure of Stygian government. In
these cities, the Legions still patrol regularly and receive
both respect and obedience from the local wraith popula-
tion. Attempts to enforce the Code of Charon succeed
more often than they fail, and shipments of thralls and
other forms of tribute leave those Necropoli at regular in-
tervals.

Despite these general tendencies, the Necropoli of
Europe are not interchangeable. In London, for example,
the Legions exert firm but polite control over the locals
and are more prone to issue "warnings" or verbal repri-
mands for first offenses than their counterparts in more
violence-prone or volatile cities. Parisian Hierarchs de-
vote much of their time to the search for more and more
sophisticated forms of amusement and tend to sneer at the
plebeian tastes of non-Gallic wraiths. Many Necropoli in
Germany place a heavy emphasis on productivity and
industry; deliveries of tribute from Stuttgart and Bonn are
always punctual, and record-keeping is meticulous.

Culture: Inside the Hierarchy


In some European Necropoli, liberal tendencies hold
sway. In Amsterdam and Copenhagen, for instance, the
Anacreons have learned to ignore the presence of large num-
bers of Renegades and unaffiliated wraiths. In return, they
receive a certain amount of peaceful cooperation from these
potentially troublesome groups. In many Irish Necropoli,
persistent Renegade and Heretic sentiments have forced the
Hierarchy to either bolster their troop presence or else bow
to the inevitable and withdraw to their Citadels. In a num-
ber of small villages and hamlets, the Hierarchy maintains
only a token presence, usually in the form of a few over-
worked patrols that claim to represent their parent Legions.

qhe Necropol ofthe Americas

The Shadowlands corresponding to North, Central and
South America were originally colonized by groups of Her-
etics and Renegades. Latecomers to the "New Worlds," the
Hierarchy has had to make allowances for the entrenched
attitudes of the wraiths whose mortal ancestors left them a
legacy of personal freedom and political independence. In
some U.S. and Canadian Necropoli, the idea of democracy
has insinuated itself into the fabric of Hierarchy structure,
while in South America certain Heretic groups have joined
s with the local Legions to exercise a form of "teli-
gious" as well as political control over their citizenry that
would appall their militantly secular counterparts in Stygia.

As in Europe, however, the manner in which the Hier-
archy exerts its presence (or fails to do so) differs greatly
from place to place. Tradition, if nothing else, still carries
weight in many New England Necropoli, and in cities like
Boston and New Haven, Hierarchy wraiths maintain their
authority through the general respect given to seniority and
longevity by the local population. New York's Necropolis,
on the other hand, sometimes must employ draconian mea-
sures just to keep the peace and deal with the exceedingly
large number of wraiths who dwell within its borders. In the
Necropoli of the southern United States, Anacreons often
cloak their power in the trappings of gentility. The Legions
of Charleston, Richmond and Mobile are more likely to
employ subtle pressures or less subtle threats rather than out-
right force to maintain order. Appalachian Hierarchs find
that the cultivation of a "good ole boy" attitude garners more
allegiance from local wraiths than stringent discipline. The
Midwestern Necropoli seem to balance conservative atti-
tudes with pragmatic policies, while the Necropoli of the
West Coast fall somewhere between the extremes of San
Francisco's official policies of toleration and Los Angeles'
harsh but erratic displays of Hierarchy muscle.

Another aspect which differentiates New World
Necropoli from their European counterparts relates to the
significant presence in the Americas of wraiths who fall
under the aegis of one or another of the Dark Kingdoms.

fore

Wraiths of African or Asian origin technically belong to
the Kingdoms of Ivory and Jade. In some instances, those
wraiths elect to remain in familiar territory and swear al-
legiance to their local Hierarchy representatives. Never-
theless, most Necropoli maintain delegations from the
Dark Kingdoms and, in some instances, have even allowed
their agents the status of Anacreons.

The Polis

The nature of government and politics in the
Shadowlands derives largely from the necessity for expe-
diency and pragmatism. Stygia is too far away from most
Necropoli to provide assistance or support (or censure, for
that matter), so most Anacreons and their Legions follow
the path of least resistance in maintaining their claims to
power. Where Stygian politics concentrates on following
the rules and keeping form with official policies, the po-
litical rulers of the Shadowlands employ a single tried and
true axiom: "Whatever works."

In general, however, the Hierarchy's hold over the
Necropoli is less than absolute. Particularly in those areas
which were originally claimed by Renegades and Heretics,
the representatives of Stygia have to contend with large num-
bers of dissidents and potential troublemakers. Rather than
bringing brute force to bear on the populace, most Hierarchy
tulers in the Shadowlands are savvy enough to realize that
the best they can do is keep a low profile. In response, many
wraiths who oppose the Hierarchy or refuse affiliation with it
are content to accept such minimal government, realizing
that outright rebellion might result in the arrival of troops
from Stygia and the imposition of a harsher set of rulers.

The Anacreons

Most Necropoli retain the traditional trappings of
Hierarchy control. A Council of Anacreons, one repre-
senting each Deathlord and one from the Legion of Fate,
oversees the governing of the city. While in theory this
structure provides the same sort of consensual control over
the Necropoli as does the Council of Deathlords in Stygia,
in reality, many Anacreons spend most of their time plot-
ting against one another in hopes of implementing their
own private agendas. A few dedicated individuals who have
a genuine interest in their work try to motivate their fel-
low Anacreons to cooperate or simply ignore them in fa-
vor of keeping their own administration on track. Unfor-
tunately, these individuals are few indeed and sometimes
do not survive the maneuverings of those with less dedi-
cation than they. Frequently, the grunt work of managing
a Necropolis defaults to those individuals who act as the
advisors to the Anacreons. A few Necropoli have begun
to experiment with slightly different forms of government.

66 The Hierarchy


In Atlanta and several other Necropoli, a Governor over-
sees the Council of Anacreons, providing a single voice
for the Hierarchy. Others, like Cleveland, Stockholm,
Barcelona and Seattle, hav

tried a rotation system in
which each Anacreon serves in turn as titular head of the
Necropolis for a predetermined length of time. This has
met with varying degrees of success, ranging from a com-
plete and peaceful adoption of the system to even more
destructive infighting.

qhe Lesions

The Legions of the Shadowlands labor under a set of
difficulties not shared by their counterparts in Stygia. In
many Ni
than as duly constituted home armies. Even in those cities
where they do have the support of the majority of the na-

opoli, they are viewed more as occupying forces

tive wraith population, they are often underappreciated
and overworked. Most Legions cannot afford the luxury of
sorting through all potential recruits in order to claim those
wraiths who belong to them by virtue of how they died.
The need to keep a balanced representation of all the Le-
gions has led to the institution of random selection or lot-
teries as alternate methods for acquiring new recruits. In

those Necropoli where attacks by Spectres are common
occurrences, the speedy assignment of wraiths to Legions
obviates any niceties in determining who belongs where.
Because of this, many Legions based in the Necropoli
have a more heterogeneous character than Stygian-based Le-
gions. This makes the armies of the Shadowlands more adapt-
able in some ways and also promotes friendlier relations across
Legion lines. In Necropoli that more often resemble war-zones
than urban centers, this boost to cooperation is essential.
The geography of the Shadowlands and the variations
in the Shroud frequently result in the formation of Necropoli
that resemble a connected series of enclaves. Many Legions

in these Necropoli find themselves relegated to such low tasks
as running messages and keeping lines of communication open
between various widely separated Hierarchy Haunts. These
jobs often prevent them from performing actual police work,
such as rounding up unregistered wraiths, sniffing out sus-
pected Renegades or pursuing those who violate the
Charon. Officially, the Legions turn a blind eye to most ac-

Dode of

tivities that do not directly interfere with their regular rou-
tines. Keeping the peace by ignoring all but the most blatant
lawbreakers has become standard practice in the

Shadowlands.


Lifestyles

Unlike Stygia, the Necropoli of the Shadowlands do
not suffer from arrested development. The activities of
wraiths in the cities near the Skinlands reflect the chang-
ing tastes and fads of the mortal world. Attitudes toward
both work and play reflect the localized origins of the
wraith population as well as the fact that, in general,
wraiths who remain in the Shadowlands tend to be younger
by several centuries than Stygian wraiths.

Work

Legionnaires spend most of their time on routine pa-
trols either within a Necropolis or along its perimeters.
Additionally, some patrols serve as Monitors, keeping
watch on affairs on the other side of the Shroud. Although
technically, the Legions are responsible for locating and
dealing with criminal or outlaw elements within the
Necropolis, their priorities lie elsewhere, in the oversee-
ing of shipments of tribute to Stygia and the prevention of
attacks on the Necropolis from outside its borders. Ad-
ministrative personnel in the Necropolis keep busy man-
aging the actual business of the city: seeing that the Le-
gions are adequately equipped, maintaining accurate
records of shipments to and from Stygia, and running er-
rands for high-ranking officials.

Although Stygia rarely takes notice of affairs in the
Necropoli, the possibility of unannounced visits by Stygian
officials serves as an incentive for Hierarchy wraiths in
the Shadowlands to maintain the appearance of control
over their territories. Occasional surprise inspections of
both military and civilian personnel by the Anacreons of
a Necropolis ensure that, even in the most relaxed situa-
tions, Hierarchy wraiths never entirely forget their duties.

Ply

Hierarchy wraiths are as quick as any other residents
of the Shadowlands to take advantage of their proximity
to the Skinlands. In their leisure hours, most wraiths en-
gage in a variety of vicarious pursuits by looking over the
shoulders of mortals in their vicinity. Attending plays,
concerts, sporting events or simply watching television
occupy large chunks of spare time.

By far, however, the most popular recreational activ-
ity in the Shadowlands is skinriding, with Inhabiting in-
animate objects such as cars and motorcycles a close sec-
ond. Although these pursuits are officially banned by the
Hierarchy as violations of the Code of Charon, Legion-
naires are as guilty as anyone else of indulging in clandes-
tine visits to the Skinlands. Since many Hierarchy wraiths
remain in the Shadowlands near their mortal homes, they

The Hierarchy

often have loved ones just across the Shroud from the
Necropoli in which they are based. So long as they are
relatively discreet, most attempts to communicate with
living friends and relatives are conveniently ignored by
Hierarchy officials.

Some Necropolitan leaders even go so far as to unof-
ficially condone and encourage Skinriding, claiming that
it gives their Legions practice for those occasions when
they must enter the Skinlands in pursuit of Spectres and
other enemies.

The Elite

FG) nthe early days of the Empire of Stygia,
Charon rewarded his bravest and most
loyal soldiers by inducting them into a
special order of Equitae, the Order of
the Sickle. Membership in this elite
fighting group constituted a rare privi-
lege and carried with it massive
amounts of prestige and more tangible evidences of favor.
The Order of the Unlidded Eye, created to be the military
arm of the Hierarchy's Inquisition, also imbued its mem-
bers with an aura that set them apart from common Le-
gionnaires. In the ensuing centuries, additional special
groups of Equitaes and elite military orders sprang up ei-
ther to reward past accomplishments or in response to
immediate needs. The Fifth Legion, or the Legion of the
Black Hawk, brought together veteran soldiers from all
the Deathlords' Legions into a single, highly trained group
whose sole purpose was to ensure safe settlement of the
New World by colonists from the Hierarchy.

The idea of creating special task forces has since grown
in popularity. Each Deathlord has at least one such elite
group under its control, while several other groups, boast-
ing inter-Legionary memberships, have been established
— or have established themselves.

Special Legions ofthe Deathlords

*Order of the Avenging Flame — The Smiling Lord
has, over the centuries, amassed a greater number of en-
emies than any other single Deathlord. To instill a healthy
fear in his opposition, whether from among his own min-
ions or from outsiders, he designed the Order of the Aveng-
ing Flame. Armed, it is said, with Loyalty Blades attuned
to the Smiling Lord, these elite troops serve as his per-
sonal bodyguards in Stygia and the instruments of his ven-
geance in the Shadowlands.

Storm Maidens — This elite group of female Le-
gionnaires serves the Laughing Lady. Referred to by out-

siders as Valkyries or Amazons, these fearless soldiers regu-
larly venture into the Tempest in search of Spectres to
fight. Their name comes from their habit of heedlessly
charging into the thick of a Maelstrom to do battle with
the creatures within. Despite their reckless abandon, for-
tune seems to favor the Storm Maidens, as they rarely suf-
fer the number of casualties their actions should warrant.
They have reputedly perfected the little known Argos abil-
ity Tempest Run (see Sea of Shadows) for use in battle
rather than as an escape from the effects of a Maelstrom.

Order of the Gray Knights — Membership in this
elite group of Equitaes is accorded to those servants of the
Ashen Lady who have demonstrated both the wisdom of
their advancing years and their loyalty to the Hierarchy.
The Gray Knights serve primarily as honor guards and of-
ficial escorts for high-ranking wraiths in both Stygia and
the Shadowlands.

Warriors of Lethe — This Legion consists of mem-
bers of the Silent Legion, although occasionally member-
ship is extended to qualified individuals from other Le-
gions. The Warriors of Lethe have one overriding desire
—to forget their mortal lives. While they accept that Fet-
ters are necessary to keep them from Oblivion's grasp,
maintaining those Fetters is a constant source of anguish
for them. Members of this Legion specialize in the perfor-
mance of suicide missions. Their driving need to forget
the source of their pain gives them the focus to succeed
where others might have failed. They are generally ac-
corded a great deal of respect by other Legions — as well
as a wide berth.

©The Legion of the Onyx Tear — Members of this
Legion ostensibly serve as bodyguards to the Beggar Lord
and his closest advisors. In reality they have a secret pur-
pose, known only to the Legion's members and the Beggar

Lord himself. Despite evidence to the contrary, rumors
persist of Charon's imminent return. Patrols from the Le-
gion of the Onyx Tear regularly investigate these accounts.
Opinion is divided among the membership as to whether
the Deathlord who rules the victims of Mystery hopes to
prove or disprove Charon's continued existence. Some
speculate that the secrecy behind the Legion's true mo-
tives comes from the Beggar Lord's desire to locate Charon
(if he still exists) and prevent his return.

Guardians of the Labyrinth — Although they serve
the Emerald Lord, the members of this Legion claim that
Charon himself ordered the creation of the Guardians of
the Labyrinth. The primary task of these wraiths is to main-
tain a watch near the Venous Stair, the spot from which any
major Spectral attack on Stygia is most likely to originate.
Members of this Legion are also sent to the Shadowlands in
response to the discovery of especially large Nihils in the
vicinity of a Necropolis. They provide both early warnings
and first-line defenses against creatures from the Tempest.


©The Hands of Bone — Like the Smiling Lord, the
Skeletal Lord keeps himself surrounded by members of an
elite Legion sworn to his personal service. Members of this
Legion Moliate their off-hand to resemble a skeleton's
hand; when so desired, these hands will glow eerily, thus
giving a Hand of Bone patrol a truly fearsome front when
they are escorting their Lord or one of his household
through the streets of Stygia.

It is assumed that the Lady of Fate supports at least
one, if not several, elite Legions, but who they are and
what their purposes are remains as mysterious as the Lady

herself.

inter-Legionary Orders

Legions of the Sacred Band - Basing their existence
on the legendary sacred bands of ancient Greece, the mem-
bership of this elite fighting group consists of pairs of soul-
bonded Legionnaires. Same-sex and opposite-sex pairings
exist in more or less equal numbers, although in some areas
of the Shadowlands one group may outnumber the other.
The Sacred Banders are noted for their extreme ferocity in
battle, since each member fights not only to defeat her en-
emy but also to protect her soul-bonded mate. Members of
this Legion frequently volunteer for high-risk missions, since
their internal cohesiveness usually gives them a better
chance of success than groups consisting of randomly asso-
ciated Legionnaires. On the other hand, the destruction of
one member of a bonded pair usually results in the immedi-
ate loss of the survivor... often through self-destruction.

The Online Legion — This relatively recent addi-
tion to the ranks of special fighting forces consists entirely
of Hierarchy wraiths skilled in the Inhabit Arcanos. They
are not so much a fighting force as an elite team of infor-
mation-gatherers and Skinlands-monitors. Their duties
consist of keeping tabs on the increasing flow of informa-
tion by attuning themselves to the vast computer networks
of the Skinlands. Their forays along the electron highway
often result in the timely acquisition of cutting-edge tech-
well as vital data concerning events in the world

nolog
of the Quick. They are a very close-knit group, with their
own unique vocabulary and eccentric mannerisms.

© Order of the Crow — Perhaps the only one of its kind,
this civilian-exclusive Legion honors those who, as reserve
Legionnaires, have given greatly of themselves for the care of
the newly dead or the defense of Stygia. No one knows who
determines which wraiths are worthy of membership or how
they come by this information, though some whisper of a
power greater even than the Deathlords who makes the se-
lection. A recipient only learns of the honor that has been
bestowed upon him or her by the arrival of a crow feather
inside the Haunt. More and more frequently, those reservists
who attain the honor only receive it posthumously.

The Hierarchy

SS

Secrets of the Hierarchy

Ithough much information about the
Hierarchy is public knowledge, there are
a few closely guarded secrets known only
toa privileged few. Wraiths unfortunate
enough to stumble upon even vague ru-
S| mors of these secrets often disappear

without warning.

"Louie used to be a friend of mine. Yeah, he was a Le-
gionnaire, but he was cool with us as long as we didn't make
trouble. I trusted him about as much as anyone trusts anyone
around here. Then one day Louie disappeared. A few weeks
later he was back, and all he said was that he was off visiting
one of his Fetters. I believed him. The next thing I know, the
heat comes pounding on the door to our Haunt, bustin' us for
being Renegades. So now I'm a thrall working in the mines. I
hear Louie's marching in a Legion patrol. I think I can figure
out what happened."

— Frankie, Work Team 43, Venous Stair, Stygia

Occasionally Legionnaires tire of playing the heavy.
Standing guard over endless lines of manacled thralls bound
for the mines or forges of Stygia; witnessing some of the
harsher punishments dealt by the Hierarchy or even execut-
ing some of those punishments; dragging captured Renegades
and Heretics, who seem no different than any other wraiths,
to certain doom; and continually enduring the unvoiced
hatred of many of their fellow wraiths simply for doing their
duty eventually takes its toll on even the strongest person-
ality. Many Legionnaires reach a point where the Hierarchy
no longer seems to be a desirable organization to support.

A number of these potential defectors suddenly dis-
appear from their patrols, only to return some weeks or
months later displaying a new attitude. In place of their
disaffection with the Hierarchy is a new desire to serve
the Legions and a more subdued manner. When asked
where they have been, most of them reply that they were
"on vacation" or "visiting Fetters." Any further probing
brings answers like, "I was feeling confused, maybe it was
my Shadow getting crazy...but I'm much better now."

While some whisper about "reprogramming," the Hi-
erarchy takes the stance that a Legionnaire unhappy in
his work creates an even more destructive Shadow. The
Hierarchy cares for those citizens who put their lives on
the line in service to their government, and to simply cast
them off shows a lack of respect for their work and their
sacrifices. To release such people from service into the gen-
eral civilian population could be disastrous, not to men-
tion the risk of what an angry Shadow may reveal to un-
friendly ears. Hierarchy commanders at all levels keep their
eyes and ears open for troops showing signs of shell-shock


or dissatisfaction, and recommend them for time off to
attend "retreats" where Pardoners counsel them and Cas-
tigate the more vicious Shadows. Commanders claim that
to leave such people untreated opens the way for break-
downs, citing incidents of Shadow possessions among
troubled troops which resulted in disaster.

In truth, some of these commanders may not be aware
of the more sinister nature of these "retreats," said to be
located in fortified outposts deep within the Tempest.
While there are Pardoners and.there is counseling of a
sort, more often these outposts have the aspect of a "re-
programming camp." Those in the know make jokes about
"being shipped to Siberia" or refer to the camps as "the
Gulag," often to the shock of their less-informed colleagues.
Occasionally, known Renegades or Heretics will be kid-
napped and shipped to one of these camps, where the same
methods will be used to turn them into informers.

Although the location of these camps is classified in-
formation, known only to those officials directly in charge
of the camps' administration, the fact of their existence is
widely rumored. These rumors alone are frequently enough
s from voicing their political

or their dissatisfaction about their work or with the
als of the Hierarchy.

to keep many Legionnaii

Omaha

It should be obvious to anyone with half a mind. The Lady
of Fate took it to ensure that none of the other Deathlords would
dare to assume Charon's position. Or maybe the Beggar Lord
took it just to piss off the Smiling Lord.

— conversation overheard in the Agora, Stygia

The question of the whereabouts of Charon's Mask
provides many wraiths with endless opportunities to exer-
cise their speculative talents. In reality, the only fact that
has ever been confirmed is that it no longer hangs above
Charon's throne. Each Deathlord reportedly has evidence
that the mask was stolen by one of the other Deathlords,
but none of these proofs has ever been made public. Offi-
cial Hierarchy policy states that the mask is gone, and that
any attempts to relocate it are destined to fail. This stance,
of course, only makes it seem all the more certain that one
of the Deathlords is hiding it in order to make sure that no
single Deathlord assumes too much power over the others.

If, in fact, any of the Deathlords are aware of the loca-
tion of Charon's Mask, it is the best kept secret (next to
the identities of the Deathlords themselves) in the Un-
derworld. The rumor that is given the greatest credit is
that the Lady of Fate now holds it in trust for Charon or
for another wraith who proves himself or herself worthy of


it. Others hold that the Ferrymen took the mask to one of
their secret places, hoping that if Charon does return, he
will have to seek them out to reclaim it, and this will give
them a chance to remind him of his original calling. Then,
of course, there are those who say that Charon himself

slipped into the Onyx Tower through some hidden path-
way and removed it. Some say it is in the hands of the
Renegades, who are waiting for the right moment to put
forward their own Lord of Stygia.

The possibilities are innumerable, but most wraiths
feel that the Deathlords would be grateful to anyone who
could bring them incontrovertible evidence pointing to
the mask's location or proof that it has been destroyed.

"Who are they? Your guess is as good as mine. I figure
that when they're not wearing their masks they could be just
about anybody — maybe even you. Why're you so interested
in knowing who they are anyway?"

— overheard on the streets of Stygia

The true identities of the Deathlords are concealed
by the massive Artifact masks they wear. Nevertheless,
every wraith-on-the-street has her own ideas about who
the Deathlords really are. Many famous names have been
put forward as candidates for one Deathlord or another,
although some speculators maintain that historical impor-
tance in the mortal world is not necessarily a prerequisite
for membership in Stygia's Ruling Council.

The concealing nature of their masks makes it entirely
possible that the current Deathlords are not the originals;
therefore some relatively modern names have been attrib-
uted to the men and women behind the mask. Some have
even suggested that the current Laughing Lady is really male,
while the Skeletal Lord's post has over the centuries been
occupied interchangeably by different men and women.

The names most often attached to the position of the
Smiling Lord are those of famous generals or rulers such as
Alexander the Great, Hannibal, or William the Conqueror.
Others proffer the names of various mass murderers, in-
cluding Jack the Ripper (whoever he may be). Socrates,
Boudicea, Brutus and Seneca have all been thought to be
the personality behind the mask of the Quiet Lord, al-
though some believe that his position has been taken in
recent years by Virginia Woolf or Ernest Hemingway. Many
believe that the position of the Laughing Lady once be-
longed to Caligula or Medea, although others maintain
that "Mad Madge," the 17th century Duchess of Newcastle,
now occupies the post.

Some maintain that the original Deathlords were not
themselves selected by the manner of their deaths. Thus, it
is possible that almost anyone could be the Ashen Lady,
even one who died relatively young. Names that have been
ascribed to one or more of the Deathlords include
Charlemagne, Henry VIII, Diogenes, Cicero, Sappho,
Eleanor of Aquitaine and any or all of the Borgias. Modern
candidates include Marilyn Monroe, Thomas Wolfe, Albert
Einstein, Amy Vanderbilt, Amelia Earhart and Reza Pahlavi.

While it is unlikely that anyone will ever discover
the true identities of the Deathlords, playing the guessing
game provides fodder for the rumor mill and amuses many
wraiths in the Underworld. It is possible that someday
someone's guess may prove accurate, but it is almost cer-
tain that, if so, that someone will not derive much satis-
faction out of their being right.

"I saw a strange boat sail into the harbor of Stygia one
night. It had no lights I could see, and it resembled nothing of
ours nor any known Ferryman's vehicle. Some shadowy fig-
ures disembarked and made straight for the estates of the
Deathlords. My watch ended before they left, and my relief
claims to have seen nothing at all."

— Cedric of Glastonbury, Centurion of the Harbor
Watch, Stygia, from the Imprimatur

Reports of the odd comings and goings of mysterious
visitors to the Deathlords have given rise to the rumor
that the Lords of Stygia have entered into some dangerous
clandestine alliances. Some claim that the Deathlords have
made deals of one sort or another with various Renegade
or Heretic groups; the most popular theory puts forth that
the Hierarchy has given the Renegades/Heretics their tacit
approval to claim as many souls as they can in the areas
occupied by the Dark Kingdoms. Other rumors claim that
agents from the Dark Kingdoms have made secret pacts
with some of the Deathlords, whereby souls belonging to
rival Deathlords will be given to the Dark Kingdoms in
return for a like number of their own souls. Darker rumors
suggest that the Deathlords have made agreements with
some powerful Spectres, ceding certain areas of the
Shadowlands in return for their promise to stay away from
Stygia. One persistent rumor holds that a dark ship con-
taining emissaries from a vampiric domain in the midst of
the Tempest has on several occasions docked in Stygia's
harbor, and puts forth that negotiations between the
Deathlords and these enigmatic representatives of the
undead have been going on for some time.

These, and similar rumors, are usually only passed
along in the most private places. Anyone giving even
nominal credence to them usually disappears.

The Old Gurd\s fe New Gad

Ina bureaucracy, it is important to know which skirmishes
to join and which to avoid.

— from Citizen X
ver the centuries, changing attitudes in
the Skinlands have given rise to many
wraiths who, while they respect and
support the idea of a strong ruling body
in the Underworld, object to many of
the Hierarchy's long-standing policies.
This has led to an Old Guard/New
Guard split within the government. In general, most
Stygian wraiths (at least the long-time residents) belong
to the Old Guard, while a growing number of Hierarchy

members in the Shadowlands ally themselves with the New
Guard.

Both groups agree that there is a need for the Hierar-
chy to maintain a strong presence in the Shadowlands,
that the Hierarchy play:
Oblivion, and that it i
wherever they may be encountered. The major
distinguishes the Old Guard from more modern Hierar-

a crucial role in the war against
important to root out-Spectres
sue which

chy supporters is that of the status of thralls.
Many of the Old Guard come from a time when sla-
very was not only acceptable, but even formed the basis of

the economic system of some of the world's greatest civili-

zations.

These Hierarchs see thralls as chattel, valuable
only in what they can be forced to produce.

The New Guard opposes both the use of the word
"slave" (adopting the less perjurious term "thrall") and the
entire system whereby one wraith owns another. Some
Necropoli in the Shadowlands have adopted the feudal
model, proposed at one time by Charon but widely ignored
in practice by most of the Stygian Hierarchy. Still others
have banned the practice of keeping thralls as personal
servants altogether, and have even gone so far as to offer
sanctuary to escaped thralls. Despite strong feelings on both
sides regarding the issue of thralls, both Old and New
Guard agree that some measures must be taken to prevent
weak and Fetterless wraiths from feeding the Void.

Other issues upon which the Hierarchy is divided in-
clude the matter of contact with the Skinlands, the con-
testing interpretations of the Code of Charon, and the ques-
tion of how best to deal with Renegades, Heretics and the
Dark Kingdoms. The Old Guard, of course, opposes
skinriding or the use of any Arcanos that allows contact
with the mortal world, upholds a strict interpretation of
Charon's laws, favors the elimination of Renegades and
Heretics, and considers the Dark Kingdoms as hostile pow-
ers with which they are in direct competition for souls. The

SHAS

wulture: Inside the Hierarchy


New Guard has a more relaxed attitude toward discreet for-
ays into the Skinlands, claims that the Code of Charon
needs to be updated, and favors limited cooperation with
Renegades, Heretics and the Dark Kingdoms where com-
mon ground can be found. Since most of the more radical
elements within the Hierarchy dwell in the Shadowlands,
far from Stygia's control, the existence of two philosop!

cal camps has not caused a major rift in the government of
the Underworld. Should Stygia once again take an active
part in the affairs of the Shadowlands, however, the Hier-
archy may very well find itself on the verge of civil war.

The Forbidden Topic

ush...Listen...Can you hear that soft
scream, that tiny moan that seems to come
from everywhere and nowhere? Look down
at the roadway beneath your feet. Look
around you at the goods in the marketplace.
Now, feel the coins in your pocket. That
sound that nags at your ears in the quietest
moments comes from all those things. That sound is the un-
heard cry of shattered souls, unmade in the fires of Stygia and
pounded, screaming, into tools and weapons and spendable coin.
Look at the sword you carry so proudly. Was she someone you
knew? Think about it long enough... and you'll stop thinking
about it. You'll have to, or you'll run screaming into the Mael-
strom, driven by the cries of things that used to have names."

— Sister Angelina of the Penniless Multitude, tran-
script of her final speech before discorporation, archives
of the Magisterium Veritatis, Stygia

Everybody knows it. Nobody talks about it. The smelt-
ing of souls forms the single largest native industry in the
Underworld. Apart from relics or Fetters, apart from the
few physical substances that exist in the lands of the dead,
everything tangible consists, at least in part, of soulplasm,
the malleable residue made from the Corpus of wraiths
consigned to the soul-forges of Stygia.

Although the transformation of sentient beings into pre-
sumably nonsentient raw building materials is not consid-
ered a fit subject for polite or casual conversation, the ques-
tionable ethics behind the smelting of souls remains the ma-
jor point of contention for critics both outside and within
the Hierarchy. Many Renegades who might otherwise sup-
port the Hierarchy's primary goals simply cannot accept the
wholesale rendering of wraiths into plasm and oppose the
» ene

Hierarchy for that reason alone. In a few isolated arez

lightened Anacreons have refused to send thralls as tribute
to Stygia and have taken measures to minimize the posses-
sion and circulation of plasm-based items.

Despite attempts by the higher powers to silence dis-
cussion of the subject, the debate rages. Defenders of the
smelting of souls argue that the creatures (no one refers to
them as individuals) so destined represent only those ele-
ments of wraith society either too weak to withstand the
inexorable pull of Oblivion or too useless to become pro-

ductive in any other fashion. Here, these creatures become
productive members of society, even if it is just as a pav-
ing-stone or the hilt of a Legionnaire's sword. These de-
fenders point to the wall of living souls that surrounds
Stygia and forms her first line of defense against potential
attackers. They point to the vast system of roads and rails,
made from alloys of soul-strengthened metal and stone from
the mines of the Venous Stair. They point to the manacles
and chains that are used to anchor weak but productive
thralls to the Shadowlands, so that they will not be sucked

into the Void. Sometimes they point to the lampposts made
from Moliated thralls, set alight to illuminate the perva-
sive Stygian darkness or the thrall-torches that mark the
external borders of the Necropoli in the Shadowlands.
Oc
possible through the use of soulplasm, but even other Hi-
erarchs consider this to be the weakest of their arguments.

ionally they point to the material conveniences made

Those who oppose the transformation of souls into
goods have their own counterarguments. Material items
can be obtained in the Underworld by destroying them in
the Skinlands. The process takes more time and consider-
ably more effort, but the souls saved from the forges could
be provided with Fetters acquired from wraiths who pos-
sess a surplus and put to work gathering newly destroyed
Skinland items. Objects made solely from the minerals
available in the mines beneath Stygia, while not as strong
or long-lasting as their soul-infused counterparts, could still
serve the same purpose. Only the slavish attempts to re-
produce the conveniences of mortal existence perpetuate
the artificial market for unnecessary goods. Beings who
have no need for food or clothing or material goods in
general should learn to get along without these luxuries,
particularly when the sacrifice of thousands of once-sen-
tient beings is necessary for their production.

There is also a third side to this controversy. Some
equivocators argue that while many objects, including oboli,
ry for survival in the Underworld, certain
necessary items may require a limited use of soulplasm in

are unnece:

their making. Weapons and building materials vital for bol-
stering the defenses of Stygia and the Shadowlands would,
of course, have to consist of the stuff of souls, but at least
the actual numbers of souls slated for the forges would be
kept to an absolute minimum, and only the very weakest or
most criminal elements would suffer this final ignominy.
In the end, however, the morality behind the smelt-
ing of souls remains a moot point. Charon sanctioned the
process during the building of Stygia; the Deathlords have


decreed that the production of soulplasm is good for the
economy of the Empire; and the average wraith-on-the-
street who depends on a lantern to light his path, a sword
for self-defense and a comfortable chair to relax in when
he returns to his Haunt to rest refuses to think about the

process whereby those items were formed.

It is said that the lands of death are anything but quiet,
and perhaps the constant noise and chatter of the Restless
Dead serves a valuable purpose in drowning out the tor-
tured whimpers of items from the Stygian forges.

Views from the Hierarchy

raiths

Renegades

Even though these traitors and rebels set
themselves in opposition to us, they are not
free from our claims upon their souls. Their

greatest crime is not that they seek to openly oppose us, but that
they shirk their responsibilities to the Legions to which they
rightfully belong. Disagreeing with us is not, in and of itself, a
crime; desertion is, and those who call themselves Renegades,
freedom fighters, dissenters or whatever else suits their fancy
nothing more than deserters.

are

— Silenius of Sparta, Minister of Justice for the Grim
Legions, Stygia

Their troubles with the Hierarchy apply more to Stygia
than to her Necropoli. While we don't belittle the potential
danger they represent, we do recognize that most Renegades
are very willing to join with us to defend our territory from
Spectres and other Tempest-spawned creatures. So long as
they don't interfere with our duties, we can tolerate them
for the extra assistance they provide in an emergency.

— Marianne Thibeault, Regent for the Silent Legion,
Necropolis of Berkeley

Heretics

In some ways, Spectres are easier to deal with than
these crazed fanatics. They refuse to believe the truth con-
tained in the Proclamation of Reason — that the Far
Shores hold nothing but lies — and so they waste their
time preparing for an afterlife they can never hope to at-
tain. Discorporation would be a mercy for most of them.

—Joachim Pisarro, Marshall of the Skeletal Legions, Stygia

The discovery of a group of Heretics always means
trouble. We have tried to reason with them, to coax them
away from their false beliefs, but in most cases we have failed
miserably. Still, you have to admire their dedication; a little
more of that virtue in our own ranks would be helpful.


— Vera Mason, Inspector for the Legion of Paupers,
Necropolis of Detroit

Ferrymen

They serve a vital purpose here in the Underworld,
and many of our citizens owe their continued existence to
the timely intervention of a Ferryman. Because of this and
out of respect for Charon, we allow them to remain an
independent faction within the Underworld. We can only
hope that they will one day petition to rejoin the ranks of
those they once spurned, so long ago. Until that time, we
treat them with courtesy, respect and not a little caution.

— Raphaela Monteleone, Inspector of the Quays for
the Iron Legion, Stygia

These tireless travelers have proven their worth here
in the Shadowlands a hundredfold. We could surely come
to some agreement with them — if only they were more
predictable! Still, the services they provide compensate
their erratic behavior. Our Haunts are always open to them.

— Evan O'Brien, Centurion of the Legion of the
Emerald Legions, Necropolis of Dublin

The Dark Kingdoms

Ivory, Jade, Copper, Lead...they can call themselves what-
ever they like. What it all boils down to is that they are unwill-
ing to recognize the advantages we have to offer and they spurn.
all our efforts to join with them in a common cause. One would
almost believe that they would rather see their souls disappear
into Oblivion than accept our help. Still, we cannot afford an
open conflict, so we are forced to yield to their demands.

— Basil de Voort, Inspector for the Gaunt Legions, Stygia

If the situation were reversed and they had come into
our lands demanding our souls, we would probably have
met them with the same tenacity. We need to accept the
reality of cultural differences and find ways to work with,
instead of against, these fellow wraiths, however alien they
may seem on the surface.

— Signe Ruytens, Pardoner to the Legion of Paupers,
Necropolis of Johannesburg

The Quick

Mortal Fetters

Those of us who still have personal or familial con-
nections with the world of the living find the restrictions


mandated by the Code of Charon a true test of our spiri-
tual strength. Certainly, Charon never meant to stop us
from looking in on those we love, particularly if they still
bind us to them. However, here in Stygia, the world of
mortals is so far away that their activities as individuals
matter little. It is best for all concerned to let the affairs of
the living occupy the living, and only the living.

—Sir Austin Fitzhenry, Order of the Unlidded Eye, Stygia

We can all sit with your poppin' in on the family and
all, really — just don't raise the Tempest when you do it! I
mean, what are we going to do about it? Can't have the
Legions runnin' all over Hell's half-acre trying to keep tabs
on everybody. There's nothing wrong with looking in on
Mum and Da or whoever. They still love us, God bless
‘em, and the least we can do is remember them. Some-
times, they're what hold us together, because when we for-
get each other, we come that much closer to the Oblivion.

— Sarah Smythe-Hutton, Monitor for the Legion of
Paupers, Necropolis of Liverpool

Psychic Investigators

Mortals who meddle in our affairs, whether they seek
to prove or disprove our existence, should be studiously
and aggressively avoided. Members of the Arcanum usu-
ally pose no real threat so long as they have no concrete
evidence of our existence. Likewise, investigators into the
existence of psychic phenomenon can easily be avoided.
Mediums and other mortals with real abilities to sense our
presence need to be handled much more carefully. Strong
measures must be taken to prevent or punish cooperation
or communication with these individuals by our citizenry.

— Flavia Lucillana, Inspector for the Magisterium
Veritatis, Stygia

Officially, our policy is to vacate the premises when
the psychic squad arrives. Some of them can actually force
us out of our Haunts if they even suspect our presence, so
temporary vacations are usually in order. There's always
going to be a few who can't resist taking a poke at them,
and they can hardly be blamed for trying when it comes to
that sensitive Kirlian equipment. As for mediums and seers
— they're a hard call. Some of them are just so earnest,
they practically reek of Pathos. And their poor clients...
We try to discourage getting involved, but who can resist
along, cool drink from such a deep well?

— Rolando Trujillo, Centurion, Legion of Paupers,
Necropolis of Havana

Intruders

Those, such as the Benandanti and the Society of Saint
James, who already know of us are particularly dangerous since
they actively invade our realms and seek us out. It is our policy,
therefore, to discourage contact with the Benandanti. The
fanatics of the Society of Saint James come to us as wraiths

bent on our destruction; these need to be eliminated as soon
as possible upon their arrival in the Underworld.

—Josiah Hurley, Legate of the Office of Justice, Legions
of the Grim, Stygia

The Benandanti are as enigmatic to us as we are to
them. They fear and respect us, but more importantly, they
seek us out in the Shadowlands. Sometimes they are hard
to recognize, so we can't be blamed for associating with
them from time to time. They can be tough allies in battles
with Spectres. The Society of Saint James presents a real
danger, unless they can be pointed in the right direction...
into the nearest Maelstrom. We try to avoid all of them,
but it doesn't always work out.

— Belle Drummond, Marshall of the Penitent Legions,
Necropolis of Austin

The Clergy

Fortunately, here in Stygia we are rarely bothered by
attempts to exorcise or banish us. We have little to do
with the Skinlands directly. So long as they reserve their
dealings with the dead to funerals and prayers for our "de-
parted souls," we bear them no ill will.

— Rudgarth Rudgarthson, Imperial Order of the
Sickle, Stygia

When you see them approaching your Haunt with the
proverbial bell, book and candle, head for the byroads as
fast as your Argos can take you. You never know which
ones have enough clout to cause real harm; even the weak
ones can make you feel uncomfortable. Some of them make
promises and offer soothing words to gull you into respond-
ing to them, but all they want to do is give you "eternal
rest." Ha!

— Brad Breakstone, Centurion of the Skeletal Le-
gions, Necropolis of Baltimore

The Mad and the Innocent

As with any mortal, contact with those for whom the
Shroud is but a thin veil between the worlds should be
assiduously shunned. We expect our agents on the fringes
of the Skinlands to anticipate the approach of these crea-
tures and to take appropriate measures.

— Lady Veronica, Minister of Antiquities, Stygia

Our strongest protection against inadvertent discov-
ery is that no one believes children and fools. Even if one
or the other does manage to point our presence out, they
are generally met with derision or pity. "Oh, look, there's
a ghost!" just doesn't hold water in the modern world. We
have more important things to worry about than a few
wide-eyed babes or gibbering lunatics.

— Anselm Forrester, Centurion of the Emerald Legions,
Necropolis of Charleston


Supematural Creatures

Vampires

We ignore the existence of these semi-dead creatures
at our peril. Their partial membership in the society of the
dead affords them certain powers that can sometimes prove
inconvenient or even disastrous for us. The magics some
of them command are particularly dangerous, since those
vampires learn the art of summoning and control over the
spirits of the dead. Other vampires have such a fascina-
tion with morbidity that I wonder why they do not simply
take the final step in their eternal dance with death. Dark
rumors have reached us of an enclave somewhere in the
Shadowlands, a city of mystery founded and maintained
by vampires for some unknown purpose. Wraiths who have
gone in search of this city have never returned. So long as
vampires choose to remain grounded in the mortal world,
we cannot truly accept them into our company. They re-
main forever apart, forever alien, forever tainted by their
reluctance to release their hold on life.

— Thanatorius the Elder, Princeps Veritatis, Stygia

We share more than a bond of death with these pow-
erful spinners of intrigue. Our Necropoli are, in many cases,
superimposed on areas the vampires consider their "turf."
Like us, they have a keen interest in the affairs of mortals;
unlike us, they are only too willing to involve themselves
in human politics. Much of what Stygia blames on our in-
terference is actually the result of vampiric machinations.
In addition, sooner or later, some of them, particularly those
who study necromancy and spirit magic, discover our pres-
ence. When that happens, it is best if we can approach
them from a position of strength. This, of course, means
that we have to keep a watchful eye on their activities. In
a few rare instances, relationships of mutual assistance have
been possible between our kind and theirs. In rarer in-
stances, these relationships have intensified into bonds of
affection and trust. For purposes of longevity, having a vam-
pire as a Fetter is an advantage not to be discounted.
Whether or not they fall under the strictures of the Code

of Charon seems to be a matter of personal interpretation.
In the end, it never hurts to exercise caution.

— Camilla Harker-Lyndholm, Monitor for the Silent
Legion, Necropolis of Amsterdam

Werewolves

Our Underworld seems to be part of a greater spirit
world which we share with these creatures of mortal flesh
and immortal spirit. There are definite territorial bound-
aries, however, which separate our part of this spiritual di-
mension from theirs. Travel between the two is difficult, if
possible at all, and not without hazards. We rarely venture
into the place the Garou call the Near Umbra; likewise,
they seldom enter our realm, which they call the Dark

5 78 The Hierarchy

on


Umbra. One tribe of Garou, the Silent Striders, has a great
deal of knowledge of the ways of the dead and sometimes
ventures into the Underworld. The Garou can bind spirits
into objects; this makes them dangerous to us. Some of them
see us as enemies to be destroyed; this also makes them dan-
gerous. Their descriptions of their primal enemy, which they
call the Wyrm, resemble nothing so much as some mon-
strous Malfean creature. If this is true, then they are also
aware of the danger of Oblivion. Although contact with
them should not be aggressively pursued, it is possible that
we may be distant allies in the same battle for survival.

— Luther Sheen, Princeps of the Stygian Watch

Most werewolves consider us to be creatures of "the
Wyrm" because we are no longer part of the living world,
which they call "Gaia." What they fail to understand is
that our continuing ties to the living world make us a part
of nature; death is natural, and so is life-after-death. If we
thought that they could help us keep Oblivion at bay, we
would attempt to enlist their aid (discreetly, of course).
The Silent Striders have learned a lot about death and
the ways of death from their beginnings in ancient Egypt.
This makes them at once both a potential danger and a
potential resource. Truck with them at your own peril —
but make sure no Stygian eyes are watching when you do.

— Veronique Gilbeaux, Regent for the Penitent Le-
gions, Necropolis of Marseilles

Mages

Mortals gifted with the ability to work magick can
sometimes ignore the effects of the Shroud. Mages have
always been problematic for us. Indeed, some say that the
Code of Charon came about largely because of widespread
trafficking between mages (or witches) and the spirits of
the dead. Although some types of mages frequent the
Shadowlands, few have ever made it as far as the heart of
the Underworld. The official policy is to have as little to
do with them as possible.

—Gascon du Bois, Sub-Consul of the Skeletal Legions, Stygia

There is little that we can do to prevent mages who
possess sufficient knowledge from entering our Necropoli.
Dreamspeakers seek us out for the wisdom they believe we
possess. The Euthanatos are fascinated with our realm and
even send their initiates in to test them; one might say
they have a "death-wish." The Order of Hermes tries to
summon us, the Celestial Chorus tries to lay us to rest,

and the Nephandi try to control us, but they usually have
better luck with Spectres, since they seem to be cut from
the same cloth. The motivations behind Marauders can-
not be fathomed, and their connections with the
Shadowlands seem almost accidental. The Technocracy
attempts to deny us or rationalize us; failing that, they seek
to exterminate us as inconsistent with their concept of
reality. (We welcome the arrival of wraiths who were once
members of the Technocracy; their panic at finding them-
selves trapped in a reality they cannot control and which
they formerly denied is exquisite.) Fortunately, mages have
their own concerns, and these occupy most of their time.
We deal with them, as with everything else, as we must.

— Sofia Bascombe, Inspector for the Legions of the
Grim, Necropolis of Philadelphia

Changelings

The race of faerie withdrew from the mortal realm
long ago, and the passage between our realm and theirs
stands closed. Once they paid tithes to us every seven years,
by sending one of their own to dwell in the lands of death.
That, too, has ceased. Now we Slumber without the assur-
ance of Dreams. They fear Banality as much as we do
Oblivion; perhaps the two are not unrelated. The faeries
who remained on earth, the changelings, fear us and ac-
cuse us of draining them of passion and creativity. It is
true that they make very potent Fetters. Others of their
kind, who show a dark fascination with the realm of shad-
ows, have made overtures to us, but perhaps they seek out
darkness to match their own. We are hesitant to respond
to these Unseelie changelings until we know who they
truly serve.

— Tristan of Lyons, Archivist, Stygia

Like all creatures who are more than mortal, change-
lings present a problem to us. Some few changelings be-
come wraiths, indistinguishable from normal humans ex-
cept for the presence of a few memories of their true ori-
gins. These creatures suffer greatly in what they consider
to bea fallen state and become prime candidates for mem-
bership in the Silent Legions. Like us, they suffer from the
growing tide of disbelief. We should find a way to make
common cause with them.

—Siobhann Dunleavy, Regent for the Silent Legion,
Necropolis of Galway



Hierarchy Archetypes

As to the common people, Mr. Everyman, one has to be hard
with them and see that they do their work and that under the threat of
the sword and the law they comply. .just as you chain up wild beasts
so as to get a peaceful life.

—Martin Luther, Werke, Vol. XV

Hierarchy Archtypes


Good Old Boy

Now you just settle down and come along with me. I'm not looking for trouble,
but if you give me any, I know what to do with it.

Prelude: You grew up in a small backwoods community, where everyone
knew everyone and keeping order was largely a matter of applying pressure in
the right places. Your daddy was the sheriff. One of your brothe
the police force, while another was a firefighter. Your uncle served as the dis-

trict judge, your kid sister held the regional Jr. NRA Marksmanship title for
three years running, and your mother was the head of your neighborhood's
Citizens Watch. You and your buddies made up the local rescue squad and
spent most of your spare time chasing ambulances and listening to your radio's
police band. You figured you'd end up in some form of law enforcement
sooner or later.

One night you drove into an all-night gas station only to see a figure
in a ski-mask run from the store, jump into his car and speed off down
the road. Without a thought, you gunned your high-performance pick-
up and set off after the fleeing criminal. You were so intent on keeping

rved on

up with your quarry that you didn't think to look when you crossed the
railroad tracks at the edge of town. You never even saw the train com-
ing.
Despite the abrupt ending of your mortal life, you ended up in
law enforcement anyway. You were recruited into the Hierarchy,
and although you are just a Legionnaire (their version of beat cop),
you are already busy making friends among your Cohort and win-
ning the respect — by applying just the right amount of pressure
— of the locals.

Concept: You have an inborn respect for law and order, and
you enjoy being one of its enforcers. Most folks in your Necropolis
aren't lawbreakers, and you go out of your way to be nice to the
citizenry. You are by no means a bully, but you do know the

value of intimidation in keeping some people in line. When
someone steps out of line, however, you come down on them as
hard as you have to.

Roleplaying Tips: You're on the side of right and justice
and you're damn proud of it. You and your friends help run
things in town and this puts a bit of a swagger in your stride.

You are naturally friendly, unless someone causes trouble for
you or for the law. Then you're as mean as they come.
Relics: pick-up truck, shotgun

THE oBLIVION
Nature: EXPLORER
Demeanor: JUDGE
Shadow: DANGER JUNKIE

| |jwooco coco CCCP Oops Attributes

Physica

Social

lil: coop OLE BOY
Death: HAPPENSTANCE

Regret: NEVER LIVED TO
BE A SHERIFF

Mental

I Strength,
We Dexterity.
Stamina.

@@@@0 Charisma
OO Manipulation,
@O Appearance.

@@@00 Perception.
OOO Intelligence
@@0@00 Wits.

} Talents

i Alertness.
4 Athletics,
ail
ew Awareness,
Brawl.
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression.
Intimidation,
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

Backgrounds

CONTACTS (SHADOWLANDS) @@®OOO

Crafts.

Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms.
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

@@e00
00000
@e@000
00000
@ee@00
00000

Knowledge

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law,
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics.
Science.

Advantages occecocccccccerecccee |

Passions
PROTECT FAMILY (LOVE) @ t Je}

Fetters
TRAIN TRACKS (DEATHSITE)®@®OOO

HAUNT @@000

UPHOLO THE LAW (HOPE) @@@OO

COON HOUND SADIE @@000

MEMORIAM @@e@00

RISE IN LEGION RANKS (ENVY)@OOOO.

FATHER'S SHERIFF'S OFFICE @@@OO

OO0O00O0

CONSUL ARC? Ge siIRE) @@OOO

KIO SISTER VICKI

OO0O000

OOO00O0

00000

00000

00000

00000

fh) OOo AIC) o-oo eo-o
ARGOS CM BOOOO
CASTIGATE @0000
LIFEWES @0000

| OUTRAGE @e@000
OO0000

OO0O00O0

WCO-4 (ip) POOCOoC
Q0O00000000

spooee fillpie ~ocoo<

poe Pith romococ
BEBEBEBBBBOO

Angst
@@ee000000

QO00000000
TAINTED etic LUCK, SHADOW
TRAIT (STEALTH), TRICK OF THE LIGHT

Dark Passions
BULLY THE WEAK (HATE) @@@@O
SUBVERT THE LAW (DESFAIR)@@@OO


Mediator

The laws of Stygia exist for a reason, and they're not as inflexible as you
might think. Let's see if we can't come to some accord that will satisfy all con-
cerned.

Prelude: Your parents were ex-hippies and they instilled in you a strong
desire to make the world a better place. Your views, however, differed from
theirs, in that you believed that you could create a better world while still
working within the system. You decided that you wanted to be a lawyer
(despite all those lawyer jokes) and use the law as a vehicle to protect
the rights of individuals, classes, and the environment.

You began your career as a public defender, providing legal rep-
resentation for defendants who could not otherwise afford counsel.

In your spare time you volunteered your services to various legal
aid groups and studied mediation techniques. You didn't realize
how hard you were pushing yourself until you had your first heart
attack at the age of 35. You tried to slow down, but there was
always so much to be done. You were only 40 when you went
into cardiac arrest for the third time. It was also to be the last.

Asa wraith, your desire to make positive changes in so-
ciety by improving the system continues to thrive. You sym-
pathize with many Renegades and even some Heretics, but
you believe that they have missed the point by opting out
of the Hierarchy. If they're not part of things, they can't
make them better. Your job as a Clerk in your Necropolis

has given you a few opportunities to exercise your tal-
ents as a negotiator, but you'll have to work harder to

rise high enough to make a real impact on the society of
the dead.

Concept: You are a liberal through and through.

You believe that the Hierarchy should take care of its
people and that, even though it may be a flawed institu-

tion, it is better than no government at all. You are a firm
believer in compromise and in procuring justice for the under-
dog.

Roleplaying Tips: Your passion for justice and your belief
in the ideals of the Hierarchy verge on the fanatic. You don't
know how to stop working at the task of peacemaking... and
you don't want to! You believe that the law is a miraculous and
eminently flexible tool for the common good, and your ardent
conviction shows in your words and actions. Let everyone you
meet see your sincerity. Demand much from the members of
your Cohort, and even more from yourself.

Relics: law diploma


Chronicle:

THE OBLIVION
Nature: suDGE
Demeanor: FANATIC
Shadow: PERFECTIONIST

life: PeaceKeereR
Death: HE ARTATTACK (DISEASE)

Regret: WOT HELPING
ENOUGH PEOPLE

Physical

§ Strength.
Dexterity,
Stamina,

@@000
@00
@00

Social Mental
Charisma.
Manipulation,

Appearance.

OOO Perception.
OO Intelligence.
OOO Wits,

Talents
Alertness,
Athletics,
y Awareness,
Brawl,

Empathy.
Expression,

Intimidation,

Subterfuge.

dil Koo
Crafts.
Drive.
Etiquette.

00000
@0000

@000
@0000

@000
@@000
00000
@0000
00000
00000

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law,
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics,

Firearms,
Leadership.
Meditation,
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.

Stealth, Science.

Backgrounds
CONTACTS (SKINLANDS) @@@O00

Fetters

Passions
SUPPORT HIERARCHY (HOPE) @@@@O COURTROOMS Woe r>wv@@@OO

EIDOLON @0000

CARE FOR PARENTS (LOVE)@@OOO PARENTS @000

HAUNT @@000

FIGHT INJUSTICE (ANGER) @@OOO LAW OFFICES @00

STATUS @0000

DEFEND THE WEAK OO CARDIAC CARE UNIT @@000

WEALTH @0000

(JUSTICE)
00000 00000

I] memorvam @@000

00000 00000

00000

00000 00000

) OOo Ail ooo
CASTIGATE @e@000
LFEWEB @0000
OUTRAGE @0000
PUPPETRY @0000

OO0000
OOO00O0

wooo [iperiene: -ooo-o

ONOO0O0000000 @ee@e@e@e00000
OQO00000000

SHADOW CALL, DEATH'S SIGIL
(RED AURA), FREUDIAN SLIP

Dark Passions
INCITE VIOLENCE (ANGER) @@@OO
CONTEMPT,

pooot Pathos oOomoromoe

BSEBBBBBOOO


There's nothing glamorous about war. It's a job, and those who are
good at it survive.
Prelude: In life, you were a career soldier. You were born in 1927,
and managed to enlist in the army just in time for the assault on the
beaches of Normandy. After the war you remained in the army, serving
in both Korea and Vietnam. You retired after those debacles finally soured
you on military life. You puttered along through your declining years,
bothered only by the fact that the neighborhood kids constantly
pestered you for war stories.

You tried to give them the real low-down on war and army
life... not the glamorous, gut-wrenching heroism of the mov-
ies, but the day-to-day boredom of peacetime and the bowel-
clenching terror of battle. It became a mission of sorts for

you to make these starry-eyed youngsters see that war wasn't
a game. Some of those kids, including your own grandson,
enlisted anyway, and became part of Operation Desert

Storm. Until they returned home, you worried constantly,

riddled with guilt that you had somehow managed to en-
courage them despite your efforts to do the opposite.

You continued to work in your garden even as anew
generation of kids stopped by to visit the "old General"
(as they called you). You intensified your efforts to pre-
vent these young boys (and girls, too) from following
the inevitable lure of the uniforms and marching tunes.
You failed to realize that your body was growing frailer
until one summer you came down with the flu, and then
pneumonia, and then respiratory failure. Your last
thoughts were of the children, and how without you they
would never learn the dreary truth of a soldier's life.
Concept: You spent most of your life fighting wars
in one country or another, but what you really learned
from your experience was that war should to be avoided
at all costs. Now that you're a member of the Hierarchy's
military wing, you find yourself part of a permanent army
engaged in an eternal war. You'd like nothing better than to
retire again. Since that is impossible, you just go about your
duty and try to help your comrades survive.
Roleplaying Tips: You were nearly 70 when you died,
and though you don't feel the aches and pains of old age,
you feel the mental fatigue of every one of your years. You
are something of a curmudgeon and the naive enthusiasm
of many younger Legionnaires often drives you to distrac-
tion. You go out of your way to burst the balloons of ide-
alism and quash any "gung-ho" attitudes you come across.
Despite your outward crustiness, you are willing to share
your military expertise with those who need it (and these
days, it seems to be almost everyone). Grumble, but do
your job.
Relics: Purple Heart medal


} chronicle

T rh E 0B rl iVION
Nature: CAREGIVER
Demeanor: CURMUDGEON
Shadow: orRECTOR

Physical
OOO
OO
OOO

# Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina.

y Awareness.

Brawl,

Hi Dodge.

Empathy.
Expression
Intimidation,
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

Charisma.
Manipulation.
Appearance.

e@00
e@00
@e@e00

skills
Crafts,
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms.
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

life: uviveRsaL SOLDIER
Death: OL AGE

Regret: COULON'T KEEP KIOS
OUT OF THE ARMY

Nental
Perception.

Intelligence.
Wits.

Knowledge

Bureaucracy.
Computer.

Enigmas,

____00000
@0000
@0000
00000

___O0000

___ ®0000
ux LOOOOO

Investigation,
Law,
Linguistics.
Medicine.
Occult
Politics.
Science.

Backgrounds

ALLIE @e@e00

Passions

OEGLORIFY WAR
DISILLUSION)®®OOO

Fetters

FAMILY. @e@000

| HAUNT @@000

PROTECT COMRADES (OUTY@@ SOO

GARDEN @@000

PROTECT CHILOREN (LOVE)@@@OO

WAR MEMORABILIA @@000

y MEMORIAM @0000
STATUS. OOO
CONTACTS (SHADOWLANDS) @@OOO

INSTRUCT. YOUNG @@000

OO0000

OLO ARMY, CAMP.
@@000

OLO UNIFORM @0000

00000

00000

NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS ___ @OOOO

00000

OO0000

00000

H OOo Ail) -ooeoo
ARGOS @0000
CASTIGATE fofere)
EMBODY @@000

OO0O00O0
OOO00O
OOO00O

wOoooe [ipcici(e -oORoOS

DCO0-0 (Ip) POOoCoc
9000000000

~poec Pith; rom oOoc
BEBBBBOOO0

wooo {ii moOoooc H
@ee@a#oooo0o0d0
QO000000000

Thoms
BAD LUCK, AURA OF CORRUPTION (EXx-
TREME DECREPITUDE), SHADOW LIFE

Dark asin
MISINFORM YOuT
LEGIONNAIRES GAALICE, @@000
AROUSE WAR-LUST (LUST)

DEFECT FROM THE
ECT FON TE cur:


Spin Doctor

Don't believe everything you hear about the lack of upward mobility. Some-
one with your talents can aspire to almost any position imaginable. Look at
the benefits we offer...

Prelude: All your life, you had a way with words — which was a
good thing, since you couldn't fight your way out of a paper bag. In
gtade school, you were always able to talk your way out of paying

lunch money to the class bullies and most of your visits to the
principal's office ended in a pat on the head and complete exonera-
tion from the breach of discipline for which you had been accused.

This same gift of gab saw you through high school and college, as
well. The old adage of getting by on looks and charm proved true in your

case, for you never lacked for dates, and when you tired of any one indi-

vidual, you were always able to leave her smiling. Things got a little
tougher in the real world. You did well in job interviews, but when it came
time to settle down and work for a living, you found that glib words weren't
enough to explain your lack of productivity. You bounced around from
job to job until you discovered your true niche — salesman-
ship. After all, you only had to sell the product. You didn't
have to produce it or be responsible for it after it was sold. Used
cars, encyclopedias, vacuum cleaners... anything that a sucker for fast-
talk could be induced to buy, you could induce them to buy it.

It was your bad luck that brought you to a house where domestic problems
had escalated to the point of violence. You rang the doorbell at just the wrong
moment, and a blast from a 12-gauge shotgun ended your earthly sales ca-
reer. Now you sell the Hierarchy. The benefits are not shoddy, you have a
few bullyboys who can back you up when you're in trouble, and the newly
dead are usually ready to believe anything that will give them comfort.

Some of what you promise them might even be true.

Concept: You pride yourself on your ability to sell anything to
anyone. You have studied people and know what makes them tick;
and you well realize that what you are actually selling is yourself, not

your product.

Roleplaying Tips: Impress potential recruits with your sincerity.
Use your powers of Castigate to find out what makes them tick, then
build your arguments around your discoveries. Flatter. Cajole. Prom-
ise. All you have to do is sucker them into the Hierarchy. Whatever
happens to them afterward is not your responsibility.

Relics: briefcase full of samples

"

—

2

—

Jc: 6 ae


1 rh E OBLiYVI
Nature: PRAGMATIST life: saves SPECIALIST
Demeanor: AVANT-GARDE Death: ACCIDENTAL VIOLENCE

Shadow: RATIONALIST Regret: WOT SELLING SOMEONE }\
A THE BROOKLYN BRIOGE
Physical Social Mental
Strength, OOO Charisma. OO Perception.

Dexterity. (OOO Manipulation, Intelligence.
Stamina. @@000 Appearance.

H wooocccco ccc cconces bbilities
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness, Crafts, Bureaucracy.
Athletics. Drive. @O000 Computer.
Awareness. Etiquette. @@@00 Enigmas.
Firearms. @0000 Investigation.
Leadership, @0000 Law.
Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics.
Neier fai Melee. OOOOO Medicine
Intimidation, Performance. @@@00 Occult.
RY Sueetwise Repair. 00000 Politics
Subterfuge. Stealth, OOOOO Science.

Backgrounds Passions Fetters
SELL THE PRODUCT SALES PERSON OF

M) CONTACTS (SHADOWLANDS) HIERARCHY (PRIDE) @@@@O THE YEAR PIN@@@@O
HAUNT. ADVANCE SELF (GREED) @@@OO o1o Home @@000
status AVENGE MURDER (ANGER)@OOOO car @0000
} WEALTH eee PARE PECTION)®@®OOO SALES PARTNER @@000
00000 MURDER WEAPCH orcuN) ®@OOOO

OOO00O0 OOO00O0

00000 00000

PWOO-8 (Ip) POOOCoE
QOOOOOOOOO ee@aeno000000
OO00000000

ms
TAINTEO RELIC ee, TRICK OF
THE LIGHT, BADLUCK, DOPPLEGANGER

rpoeo illo mccoc:

ak Passions
SELL THE fen Re
SHORT (CONTEMPT) @@@@O

RUIN YOUR PARTNER (ENVY)


Secret Agent

I do not possess such information, and if I did, I would be forced to disavow all knowledge

of the situation.
Prelude: You were a smart kid and always did well in school. Even more impor-
tantly, you had the ability to fit in with any crowd: the brains, the jocks, the goths,

even the dweebs. You unconsciously adopted their looks and mannerisms as long as
you were around them — like changing into and out of costumes for the theatre. You
were good at acting, too.

While you were in college, some ROTC friends of yours brought you to the atten-
tion of one of their instructors. He talked with you awhile and then offered you the oppor-
tunity to join a very special branch of the military: the intelligence corps.

The next thing you knew, you were not only in the army, but you were
also a spy. Along with basic training, you took intensive courses in lan-
guages (you know three besides English), computers and a whole set of
subjects you think of as "secret agent stuff." Then they put you in the
field, working on military bases where the brass suspected classified in-
formation leaks. Later you traveled to Europe, where your job was to

infiltrate various anti-American terrorist groups and sabotage their plans.
Your chameleonlike nature, enhanced by your new skills, enabled you
to fake a number of nationalities long enough to get your job done.
At first you thought your failing health was due to bad Euro-
pean diets, long nights in smoky bistros, and a general lack of ad-
equate rest. When you collapsed on a Berlin street during an anti-
nuclear protest, you woke up in a hospital. Not only was your cover
blown, but blood tests marked you as HIV positive. The AIDS vi-
tus ravaged your system so quickly there wasn't even time to de-
port you. You never even got to deliver your final report.
Here in the Shadowlands, you don't have to worry about get-
ting sick anymore. There's even a job for you to do that fits right in
with all your training. You work for the Hierarchy, but only you (and
your superiors) know that. Your current group of companions believes
HLUOTIF you are a Renegade; the last one thought you were a devoted member
of their cult. Maybe someday you'll be good enough to pass yourself off
as a Spectre.

Concept: You are a consummate actor; your role becomes your life. You so
thoroughly absorb the manners and mores of whatever group you have been
assigned to infiltrate that sometimes you regret having to betray them. You
console yourself with the thought that you are helping to keep the Hierarchy
safe by rooting out undesirables. You try not to think about what happens to
the wraiths you deliver into the hands of the Legions. Instead, you concentrate
on the next assignment, the next role, the next betra

Roleplaying Tips: Edge your way into the center of your current group.
Become everybody's friend, but no one's close companion. Avoid calling un-
due attention to yourself; let others take the lead, and then watch every move
they make. Avoid overacting. Follow the crowd, but always keep in mind that

you are the real leader and that eventually, when the time is right, you will
lead your peers straight into the waiting shackles of the Legions.
Relics: codebook

—————ooreeererrreerere


N Chronicle;

T th E OBLIVION
Nature: anvacysT
Demeanor: CONFORMIST
Shadow: ToRTURER

Physical
@@000
OO
OOO

Strength.
Dexterity.
H Stamina,

Social
Charisma.
Manipulation,
Appearance.

tele)
fete)
e000

Sees cy

Talents
Alertness.
Athletics
Awareness,

@@000
00000
00000
@0000
@@000
00000
@0000
00000
@e@000
@0000

| Empathy.
Expression,
Intimidation,

Skills
Crafts,
Drive.
Etiquette.

00000
e000
e@00
@0000
@0000
OO0000
00000
@@ee00
00000
@ee@00

Firearms.
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

(ACTING)

life: sey
Death: alos victim (DISEASE)
Regret: bYING TOO SOON

Mental
Perception,

Intelligence
Wits,

Koowedge

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation,
Law,
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politic

Science.

Backgrounds

ALLIE: @@000

Passions
EXCEL IN YOUR ROLE OF
THE MOMENT (PRIDE) @@@@O

Fetters

PASSPORT(S) @@e00

CONTACT:

WATCH BUG EUEKzinc)@@000

FAMILY @e@000

HAUNT. fefe)

ERLE COM @@@OO

BISTRO IN PARIS. @e@000

MEMORIAM @0000

DON'T GET CAUGHT (FEAR)®OOOO

LOCAL THEATRE @e@000

OOO00O0

OO0000

HOSPITAL WHERE YOU DIED @OO00O

00000

OO000O0

00000

00000

00000

OO0000

Ry o-oo ANd) ooo
ARGOS CC ®BOOO0
EMBODY @0000
MOLIATE @e0@00

OO000O0
OO000O0
OO000O0

DOO0-0 (ipl) POO DOO c
DOOROO0O0 OO

spooe illid ~ooco;

@eeeoo
Q0000

Tho
TAINTED RELIC (STILETTO), SHADOW
TRAIT (MELEE), SHADOW TRAIT (REPAIR),
SHADOW LIFE

Dark Passions

BLOW YOUR COVER (GUILT)
TERRORIZE SICK

BETRAY THE ER ARCH

oO
Q
ms

e@00
@@000
2)@@000


Traditionalst

Old fashioned values have withstood the test of time. I see no
‘reason to adopt every newfangled notion that comes across the Shroud
just because it signifies change.

Prelude: You grew up in comfortable surroundings. Your par-
ents instilled in you the importance of traditional virtues such as \
thrift, hard work and responsibility. You knew that if you studied
hard, made the right friends, and behaved yourself, you would enjoy
a satisfying and productive life.

In school, you avoided the fast crowd and the ever-changing fads,
concentrating on things that had lasting significance: good literature,
classical music and tasteful clothes. You chose your boyfriends care-
fully, according to their grade-point average, gentlemanly behavior
and career aspirations. You knew you wanted a college education
followed by a career, marriage, motherhood and a pleasant retire-
ment for you and your husband — in that order. You managed
your first three goals easily. You and Eric planned to start a family
as soon as his income would allow you to quit work. You bought
a brick house in the suburbs, joined the local Symphony Guild f F
and the League of Women Voters, and waited confidently
for the rest of your plans to unfold. It should have all worked
out beautifully.

You still don't know how you died. One minute you
were standing in a long supermarket line gossiping with
your next-door neighbor, and the next thing you knew
you were wandering through a shadowy landscape, fright-
ened and confused by the strange noises that were all around
you.

Your Reaper was a kindly older woman who explained to you
that you were dead and that you belonged to someone called the
Beggar Lord. You weren't thrilled by the thought of joining some
Legion of Paupers, but she assured you that the title was only figu-
rative. You serve in the Hierarchy's administrative wing, helping
to keep the routine affairs of your Necropolis in good order. Al-
though motherhood is out of the question, you can still look for-
ward (you hope) to a pleasant retirement, perhaps in Stygia, in a
few hundred years. Even in death, traditional virtues still have
their rewards.

Concept: You are a staunch conservative. You believe that
the Hierarchy represents the values to which you ascribed in
life. You work hard, and strive to improve yourself both cul-
turally and socially. You dislike rebellion and disorderliness
in any shape or form and are only too glad to be a part of an
institution that strives to perpetuate stability.

Roleplaying Tips: Always uphold the status quo. Fa-
vor traditionalism over change and the tried-and-true
methods over irresponsible experimentation. Cultivate the
eternal virtues of loyalty, industry, and courtesy in your-
self and encourage them in others. Never be vulgar.

Relics: wedding ring, shopping cart

The

HUIOTT?S


THE oBLlivion
Nature: TRADITIONALIST
Demeanor: CONFORMIST
Shadow: AwARCHIST

Physical
OOO
oO
loteye)

Strength.
Dexterity.
H Stamina.

Social
Charisma, @ee0e0
Manipulation.

Appearance. @00

woccccccccccecoocces MPblies

Talents
@e@000
00000
@0000
00000
@@000
OOO00O0
@0000
00000
00000
OO0000

Alertness
Athletics,
¥ Awareness,
Brawl.
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression,
Intimidation,
fl) Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

Skills
Crafts.
Drive.
Etiquette. @00
00000
00000
@0000
00000
@0000
00000
00000

Firearms,
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

lif: TRADITIONALIST
Death: mystery

Regret: NOT COMPLETING THE BS

PERFECT LIFE-PLAN

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits.

Knowledge

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation,
Law,
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics.
Science.

Backerounds
EIDOLON
|) HAUNT
' MENTOR:
STATUS (HIERARCHY)

@0000

AMONG YOUR
FIND OUT HOW
Cus

Passions
WATCH OVE YOUR
4 WEE INE Love @@@@0

osttvy @OO0O

Fetters
HUSBANO @eee0
HOUSE
SYMPHONY HALL @@000
COLLEGE CAMPUS @0000

OO0O000

FLORIDA VACATION HOME @@OOO

00000

00000

00000

00000

feo oc Mii) Doom es POE -o (i111) tooo CeC

ARGOS
EMBODY
KEENING
PUPPETRY

@0000

e000
@0000
@0000
OO0000
OO0000

Gd LC) LY Ce a

spooe illo: ~cooe,
@eeeeoea@eood
QOO00000000

wooo] [iit roOmMOo POE. Pathos Poocoec

BEBBBODO0O00

ooo fist
e @eeoooo0oodn

QO Or Oro
Thoms

DARK ALLIES, SHADOW TRAITS

(STREETWISE), PACT OF DOOM, INFAMY

PREVENT Hi Dat iiss
NT HU: A
HAPPINESS (ENVY) @@@@O

FLAUNT TRAQITION
ou me BE HATE: 1: fefe}

ee
QQ


Explorer

Those who claim there is nowhere left to explore have never seen Death.
Prelude: Many times, you thought you should have been born
much earlier — like the 16th century. You had a fascination
with seeking out new places, and always desired to be the first
to discover something novel and wonderful. The Age of Ex-
ploration practically had your name stamped on it, except it
was over centuries before your birth. By the time you came along,
the Earth seemed to be running out of new places for you to
find. Exploring every nook and cranny of your city kept you
under control while you were in junior high, but you were
venturing further afield by the time you reached college age.
You hurried to prepare yourself for a life of adventure before
the opportunity was gone, and began by taking a freighter out
to the Far East after earning a degree in history and geography.
For the next several years, you lived on the edge (sometimes
literally so), surviving day to day as you discovered new
points of interest. You even became a reasonably good ama-

teur mapmaker.

Your death was slow and horrible after you were caught
in the middle of an ebola outbreak while visiting Africa.
Your Reaper was a woman of the Ivory Kingdom who
brought you to the Stygian representative of a nearby Af-
rican Necropolis. It was he who sent you to your "rightful
claimant" (his words) in Stygia, the Skeletal Lord. As you
journeyed through these strange lands, accompanied by
various guides, you realized that not everything in the world
had been discovered and claimed. Here was an entirely
different world waiting to be seen, explored, named and
mapped.

When you arrived in Stygia and met with the Skel-
etal Lord, you offered to penetrate and begin to map the
Ivory Kingdom. The Deathlord was impressed by your "go-
get-em" attitude, studied your previous works and finally
agreed to fund your first expedition. Politics and guard duty
were never your style. Your work lies elsewhere.

Concept: You are never truly happy unless you're on
the move, often literally. You hate to be stuck or held up,
unless it's by your own choice. You're always anxious to
move on to the next new adventure. "Been there, done
that," is a phrase you hope you never have to say.

Roleplaying Tips: Having traveled to so many differ-
ent places, you frequently drop foreign words and phrases
into your normal speech and slip in and out of accents.
Your energy is boundless, sometimes so much so that oth-
ers get tired just watching you. Perk up immediately at the
mention of any place of which you have not heard or ex-
plored.

ELLIOTIIS aie \ ie a ee Relics: Mapmaking tools

2: § aoe


} Noes
iE Chronicle:

Physical

@ee@00
OO
oO

Strength.
Dexterity.
iB} Stamina,

Talents

Alertness,
p| Athletics
NM) Awareness
Brawl
Dodge

| Empathy

| Expression

p Intimida ation,

Streetwise
j Subterfuge

ene

The oBlivion
Nature: ARCHITECT

Demeanor: AVANT-GARDE
Shadow: THE PERFECTIONIST

Sorial
Charisma, @@000
Manipulation. @0000
Appearance. eye)

Knowledge

___ @@@00
@0000

Skills
Crafts, 00000
Drive, @@000
Etiquette. OO0O000
Firearms, @e@000
Leadership. @@000
Meditation. 00000
Melee. @ee@00
Performance. 00000
Repair, @@000

Stealth, @0000

Ss Advantiges oocescoccccceenccocse |

rie

life: exPLoreR
Death: oIsease

Regret: NEVER FINDING AN
UNEXPLORED PLACE IN
THE SKINLANDS

Mental
Perception____ @0@000
OOO

@00

Intelligence.
Wits.

Cartography _

Computer.

Enigmas,

Geography __

History.

Investigation,

Linguistics___

Medicine. 00000
Occult___ 00000

Politics, 00000

fetes
"POTTER'S FIEL

4 ALLIES a eA AN F (Prive) @@@00 GRAVE IN AFRICA ®@®OOO
|] contacts CA TREE A Pelibe @@000 HIKING BOOTS @0000
HAUNT. INC BRICUINATES Az) @@O0O COMPASS (BURIED WITH YOU@®@®OOO
STATUS (HIERARCHY) PROTECT Retier WOEETeOO0O 00000
OOO00O0 00000

OOO00O0 00000

00000 OO0O000

o
\ ARGOS

MOLIATE
PUPPETRY

woocce fpr: p-OoORO-o

DOO0-0 (i) POOcOoc
Q000000000

spoeo illo moose,
e@eeeee@e@e@dod
OQO000000000
woe fills Poo Coc
BEBBBOO000

OOOO 444 OOOCST H
@ee@aee@eeeoo0ond

QO00000000

Thoms
DARK ALLIES, TAINTED RELIC (SEXTANT),
SHADOW TRAIT (OCCULT), SHADOW CALL

Dark Passions
INLEASH THE Et IN
UNG FE WRC (REVENGE) @@O0O

GIVE UP EXPLORATION (PAIN @@@@O

s Z KS

Deathlord Servant

My mistress is indisposed. Anything you have to say may be addressed to me, and
I will be certain she receives the message.

Prelude: You lived your life a lot closer to the edge than you would have
liked. A vampire ghouled you to run his household, and you were so efficient at
it that he trained you to become his assistant. Anything that needed doing, you
saw to it, and very soon you had made yourself indispensable. You had to,
because you knew what would happen if you faltered for even a minute — the
screams that came from the basement were unmistakable. However, all your
legendary indispensability couldn't save you when your master killed you in a
frenzy of hunger. Eight minutes was all it took for half your blood to be drunk
and the other half to soak into the Persian rug which you'd just had cleaned that
day.

One of the first things you saw of Stygia was the soulforges, and
this is something that you will never forget. The screams, the blatant
pain and suffering — it reminded you too much of your former life.
As representatives from the Laughing Lady and Smiling Lord con-
tested over you, you made quite a spectacle of yourself, begging
not to be smelted and presenting a list of qualifications that made
both blink. You were finally sent to the Seat of Succor, where |
you presented yourself again and managed to make a favorable i
impression. Ever since that day, you have worked in the
Deathlord's palace, gaining the trust of all through your dili-
gent work and discretion. Your tendency to listen, rather than
speak, has brought you many rewards in the form of interest-
ing information and expressions of disloyal opinions that
should not have been aired in your hearing. Since then, you
have slowly gained the confidence of your mistress, whom
you have no intention of betraying, and have become one
of the most trusted members of her household. You even have
the authority to speak in her name under certain circumstances,
although you are careful not to abuse the privilege.

Your new employer is unaware of the nature of her predecessor,
and the rumors of a vampire enclave in the Tempest make you shudder.
You have been trying for some time to ease yourself into the most secret of
conversations, in order to insert your opinion about these creatures with-
out drawing too much attention to yourself.

Concept: At first, being part of the Hierarchy was just another job,
although you realize that without your mistress' intervention, you could
have landed in the forges. Over time, your service has instilled in you a
loyalty borne not of fear, but of respect, even if your mistress is a little
erratic at times. You will not listen to others' criticisms of the Hierarchy or
your mistress, and you have very little time for disrespectful wraiths who
mock either.

Roleplaying Tips: You listen more often than you speak and are aware
of everything around you. When you do speak, use quiet tones and choose
your words carefully so that nothing untoward may be read into them. Never
let it be known that something you hear affects you, especially any mention 7
of vampires. Always reflect the dignity of your position and your employer.

Relics: Laptop computer, lapel brooch

£96 The Hierarchy


B Strength.

| Stamina.

i

Physical
@@000
OOO
OO

Dexterity.

Awareness,
Brawl.
Dodge
Empathy.
Expression,
e000
00000
@@000

Intrigue.
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

Backgrounds

EIDOLON @0000

THE osliy
Nature: suRVIVOR
Demeanor: DIRECTOR
Shadow: LEECH

10N

Social

Charisma. eecee0

Manipulation.
Appearance.

Abilities
dk

O00

00000
@0000

e@00
00000
@@000
00000
00000
00000
00000
@e@000

Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms,
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

SERVE THE len
RVE THE LAUGHING
LADY (LOYALTY) @@@OO

life: PROFESSIONAL
Death: muRoER

: NOT GETTING OUT OF
GHOUL-00M

DeoCS SOOO O COO OOD OOOCSS

Nental

Perception,
Intelligence.
Wits.

Knowledge

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas,
Investigation,
Law,
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics.
Science.

Fetters

PERSIAN RUG @@000

MENTOR
MEMORIAM

@@0@00
@0000

LISTEN FoR pies GE @@000
AVOID TH saad tS

(FEAR)@OOOO

GRAVESITE @0000
VAMPIRE MASTER @00

STATUS eee@00

00000

HAUNT VAMPIRE (WASTER e000
HAUNT VAMPIRE (MENGE)
HELP OTHER CHE ROw)®OO000

FAMILY PHOTO @0000

CATE MOTHER'S
PEARL STRANO@@®OOO

OO0000

00000

00000

OO0000

00000

00000

ROO AICI) ooo

CASTIGATE
INHABIT
PHANTASM
LIFEWEB

@@000
@0000
@0000
@0000
OOO00O0
OO0000

I] o-oo fiperiene poo

PoOo-© (Ii) PoOCOOc
QOO0O0000000

spoeo jilpoier mocce<
@e@e@eeeeo0o0od
BOO Oro
woes Pils poo oCOc
BEBBBBOOO0

Ant
@@e@0000000

OQO00000000

Thoms
INFAMY, DEATH'S SIGIL (BITE MARKS
ON NECK), TAINTED TOUCH

Dark Passions
BETRAY THE LAUGHING
THROW YOURSELE AS nc dunenee
THE Fé ES (PAIN ®@OOOO

JOIN THE VAMPIRES (RAGE)®@®OOO



evendary Hierarchs

O dark dark dark, They all go into the dark,

The vacant interstellar spaces, the vacant into the vacant,
The captains, merchant bankers, eminent men of letters,
The generous patrons of art, the statesmen and the rulers,
Distinguished civil servants, chairmen of many committees,
Industrial lords and petty contractors, all go into the dark.
—T.S. Eliot, "East Coker," Four Quartets

: sw) hile most wraiths think of the Hierar- h ti
YON) chy as a collection of nameless, face- ypa la
NOY py {| less bureaucrats and soldiers, there is
\  \y Nil. in truth a great deal more to the indi-
ha AN viduals who comprise the organiza-
& tion. The awesome personality of
Charon has, unfortunately, dwarfed
the accomplishments of other Hierarchy wraiths, whose
contributions and eccentricities have served to set them

apart from their peers.

Born in 370 A.D. in the city of Alexandria, a great cen-
ter of culture, science and learning, Hypatia received the best
education her father, the mathematician and astronomer
Theon, could provide for her. In an era in which women were
largely denied the rights to an education, Hypatia was a shin-

ing exception. Intelligence, beauty and charm combined with
an inborn curiosity about the nature of the physical universe
to produce a woman who was not only a true scholar but also

The Hierarchy includes a wide variety of individuals, 4 scientist, teacher, and advocate of learning,

many of whom do not seem to fall into the acknowledged
stereotype. The wraiths described in the pages that follow
may not change the course of Underworld politics or poli-
cies, but they have certainly left their mark upon the lands
beyond the Shroud.

During her lifetime, Hypatia studied and published
papers in the fields of mathematics, conic theory, philoso-
phy, mechanics and astronomy. A strong proponent of
NeoPlatonism, she had friends among the scientists, phi-
losophers and civil magistrates of Alexandria. Unfortu-

Legendary Hierarchs


nately, the rise of Christianity brought with it a rejection
of pagan thought — particularly the NeoPlatonist school,
which emphasized reason and science over faith and mys-
ticism. Hypatia's friendship with Orestes, the Roman Pre-
fect of Alexandria, resulted in a growing enmity between
her and the followers of the Patriarch of Alexandria, a
fanatical sect of monks dedicated to eradicating the her-
esy of NeoPlatonism. Hypatia's refusal to convert to the
Christian faith resulted in her brutal murder at the hands
of these zealots, who pulled her from her chariot, dragged
her into a church and flayed her alive.

Although Hypatia's martyrdom in 412 A.D. consti-
tuted a great loss for the mortal world and presaged both
the end of Platonic teachings and the beginning of the Dark
Ages, her arrival in the Underworld meant that a much-
needed wealth of knowledge would come into Charon's
hands. The Lord of Stygia welcomed Hypatia into his city
with open arms. It is said that Charon offered her a posi-
tion as one of his select advisors, but that she turned him
down, unwilling to put herself at risk in her new existence
by meddling in political affairs. Instead, Hypatia requested
that she be allowed to continue her studies and bring the
light of learning into the darkness of the Underworld.

Today, Hypatia occupies the prestigious position of
Magister of the Great Library of Stygia, formerly the li-
brary of Ptolemy I in Alexandria. Within the confines of
its alabaster halls, she oversees the accumulation and pres-
ervation of the world's greatest collection of written works,
a body which contains not only the library's original con-
tents, brought into the Underworld by their fiery destruc-
tion in the Skinlands, but the posthumous works of thou-
sands of thinkers, writers, historians and scientists as well.
Even today it is said that although the Deathlords rule in
Stygia, in the Great Library, Hypatia's law is supreme.

Although she is one of the Underworld's oldest
wraiths, Hypatia still maintains strong connections with
the Shadowlands. In recent years, a revival of interest in
women's history has led her to acquire massive amounts of
Memoriam. It is even thought that, should she so desire,
Hypatia — unlike many other Stygian Gaunts — could
travel through the Shadowlands and beyond the Shroud
into the Skinlands themselves.

Alonso de Nemesio (Alonso the just

The Spanish Inquisition of the 15th century served a
number of purposes. Revived at the instigation of their
royal majesties Ferdinand and Isabella, the Inquisition
sought to combat the growing tide of recidivism among
Jewish converts and to root out heresy within the Church
itself. Under the leadership of Torquemada, the Grand
Inquisitor, the Inquisition eventually became a potent tool
of the Spanish government. Much of the political power

100

wielded by the Inquisition was attained through the work
of one Alonso de Nemesio, a fellow Dominican who served
Torquemada as an advisor and sometime confessor.

Fra Alonso quickly saw how the Church, which was al-
ways in need of funds and political backing, could become
indispensable to the government of Spain. Although he bore
no personal animosity toward Jews, Protestants, Moors or even
witches, he firmly believed that the resources they controlled
would better serve Spanish interests if transferred into loyal
Catholic hands. Alonso remained quietly in the background
as Torquemada's Inquisition rose in power, always ready to
offer counsel to his superior and direct him gently in ways
that would win him even greater political influence.

Although he did his best to keep himself above suspi-
cion and to stay out of the direct lines of power, Alonso
nevertheless made many enemies both within the Church
and among those he persecuted. No one is quite certain
which group administered the lethal poison that cut his
life of quiet manipulation short. Some even suspect that
Torquemada himself may have grown wary of the man to
whom he regularly confessed his sins.

Joining the Hierarchy was a natural step for Alonso,
although it took every bit of his persuasive abilities to con-
vince the rulers of Stygia that his priestly calling did not
make him one of the hated Fishers. He proved his loyalty
to Charon and the Deathlords during the Renegade at-
tack on the Onyx Tower, and earned a place in the Order |
of the Unlidded Eye as a reward for personally protecting
some of Stygia's greatest treasures. His political astuteness |
soon resulted in his appointment to the Magisterium
Veritates itself, and he found himself once more in famil-
iar territory as a member of the Underworld's Inquisition.

Today, Alonso oversees many of the Inquisitors as-
signed to the Necropoli of the United States. He has proven
to be both an inspiration to his underlings and a flexible,
pragmatic interpreter of official policies. His goal is to en-
sure that each investigation into Heretic activities in the
Shadowlands turns a profit — either in thralls, oboli or
favors. If a few Heretics slip through the cracks due to vol-
untary contributions to the Hierarchy, then so be it. He
has amassed a sizable network of Renegades and Heretics
whose lives he has spared and who are only too willing to
betray their companions in return for continued amnesty.

Although he enjoys a great deal of power in Stygia and
the Shadowlands, Alonso is beginning to attract the atten-
tion of other influential wraiths, most of whom either disap-
prove of his methods or envy his position. It is said that when
he has occasion to visit the Great Library, Hypatia makes
certain that she is unavailable to entertain him. Whether or
not he will become the victim of his own machinations con-
tinues to be a matter of murmured speculation. So far, the
odds — boosted by favors granted him by several of the
Deathlords — are in his favor.


Heinrich von Zoller

During the rule of Frederick William 1, called "The
Soldiers' King," the army of Prussia was transformed from
a disorderly collection of third-rate soldiers into the most
highly disciplined body of skilled warriors in Europe. His
son and successor, Frederick II (also known as Frederick
the Great) made use of that elite military force in his war
against Austria, winning for himself the fertile region of
Silesia and the respect of the rest of the world.

One of his officers, a young nobleman named Heinrich
von Zoller, distinguished himself during the eight-year War
of the Austrian Succession (1740-1748), and rose quickly
through the ranks to achieve a position of command. Fa-
vored with exceptional good looks and a commanding
physical stature, Heinrich embodied the Prussian military
ideal — tall, blond, and nobly born. He seemed naturally
gifted with a talent for military strategy and an ability to
inspire loyalty in his troops. Unfortunately, his penchant
for personally leading his soldiers into battle cost him his
life.

Since his death, Heinrich von Zoller has served with
distinction in the Legions of the Grim. As one of the com-
manders in charge of the Order of the Avenging Flame,
he has led that elite group of Equitaes into battle with
Spectres, often pursuing them to their lairs deep within
the Tempest. The discipline shown by his knights serves
as an example to all who battle to keep the Shadowlands
free from Spectral ravagings.

Dark rumors circulate, however, about von Zoller's
Shadow, a particularly insidious personality who would
maneuver the knight into military decisions which, if car-
ried out, could prove disastrous. Von Zoller always travels
with a Pardoner, whose sole purpose is to keep the
commander's Shadow under control, and to force it into
submission when it threatens to surface.

Currently von Zoller and his knights have been placed
on special assignment in the Shadowlands. Their mission,
which, reputedly, was assigned personally by the Smiling
Lord, is to visit the various Necropoli and assess the ad-
equacy of their military defenses. He bears a writ which
grants him emergency powers to restructure any Legions
he finds lacking in discipline or training. Needless to say,
his appearance on the outskirts of most cities in the
Shadowlands sends the local authorities into a panic, as
they frantically attempt to whip their armies into shape
before von Zoller can do it for them.

Von Zoller, himself, seems oblivious to the less-than-
warm reception he typically finds in the Necropoli he vis-
its. He claims to have only the best interests of the
Underworld's defenses at heart, and has no apparent de-
sire to cause trouble for the Anacreons in the Shadowlands.

His method consi:
proper Necropolitan authorities, calling for a review of the
Legions, and then taking one or two Cohorts out for a
patrol in the nearby Tempest. Upon their safe return (and
he always returns the borrowed troops unharmed), he pro-
poses to the Council of Anacreons any changes in train-
ing or discipline that he deems are warranted. Only a few
perceptive (or paranoid) souls have claimed to notice
subtle alterations in the personalities of the Cohorts who
have served as his test subjects. Some have speculated pri-
vately that von Zoller is secretly training and indoctrinat-
ing a private army loyal only to him and that he plans to
use this army to seize military control of Stygia. Others
fear an even worse possibility — that von Zoller has sold
out to the Spectres (for some never-quite-explained rea-
son) and is insinuating Cohorts of Doppelgangers into the
defenses of the Necropoli. Only time —and the next major
Maelstrom — will tell.

Avery fellowes

During the 16th and 17th centuries, the exploration
and mapping of the world occupied the attention of many
of the European powers. It seemed that there were always
new lands to be discovered. Avery Fellowes accompanied
John Cabot in his exploratory trips to Newfoundland and
the New England coast, and the thrill of forging into the
unknown changed the course of his life. When Cabot's
expeditions came to an end, Fellowes refused to cease in
his pursuit of new lands. Finding little support among his
own countrymen, whose exploits paled in comparison to
their Spanish, French, Portuguese and Dutch counterparts,
Fellowes hired himself out as a mercenary to any nation
who would give him the resources to conduct his own ex-

‘s of announcing his presence to the

plorations.

His voyages took him to both North and South
America, as well as to parts of Africa. When it became
clear that his interests lay not in discovering gold, gems,
spices or other marketable resources, but rather in step-
ping foot upon heretofore untrodden ground, his backers
withdrew their support. On his last voyage, Fellowes' crew
mutinied and abandoned him on an unexplored island in
the West Indies — a victim of his own desire to confront
the unknown. For three days and nights, Fellowes made
his way through dense rainforest, living on the abundant
fruit and marveling at the new sights that assailed him.
On the fourth day, he fell prey to the wilderness he so
admired, and died in agony from a scorpion's sting.

The vastness of the Tempest excites little fear in the
wraith that Fellowes has become. He eagerly agreed to
become part of the Emerald Legion, and volunteered at
once to explore and map the uncharted regions which
compose the bulk of the Underworld. His adventuresome

101

eendary Hierarchs


spirit and infectious enthusiasm convinced the commander
of the Emerald Legion in the Necropolis of Miami of two
things: that Fellowes deserved a chance to discover what
lay in the Tempest surrounding the Shadowlands of Mi-
ami, and that the reckless wraith was better off as far away
from the Necropolis as possible.

In the centuries that have passed since his appear-
ance in the Underworld, Fellowes has achieved the dis-
tinction of being the Emerald Legion's premier scout. He
now travels almost exclusively in the Tempest, always seek-
ing out new routes between Necropoli. When he visits
the Shadowlands to deliver reports on his discoveries, he
spends a few days relaxing from the rigors of his duties. Or
so he would have people think. In reality, Fellowes is a
skinriding addict and has been since his death. His
busman's holidays have taken him across the Louisiana
Purchase with the Lewis and Clark Expedition, in search
of the source of the Nile with David Livingstone, and to
even more exotic places with Sir Richard Burton.

In recent years, the dearth of new places to explore
has left Fellowes with only one possible outlet for his
Skinlands exploits. As soon as manned space flights again
become feasible, he intends to be the first wraith to ex-
plore the frontiers of outer space. Meanwhile he contents
himself with the most recent experiments in manned
probes of the ocean depths.

"Cassandra"

Few people believe that the wraith who calls herself
"Cassandra" is, in reality, the doomed daughter of Priam,
the king of Troy during the time of the ill-fated Trojan
War. Like that prophetess of disaster, however, Cassandra
seems destined to cry out her warnings to ears deafened by
complacency. Her message is simple, and it is aimed at the
Hierarchy, to which she still claims loyalty. The message
is "Repent or pay the price for your folly."

Those who have actually seen her describe Cassandra
as a slightly built young woman with long, dark hair and
delicate features. She conceals the lower half of her face
behind a veil, but her eyes are dark and luminous. She
first came to the attention of the Underworld's powers-
that-be shortly after the Deathlords assumed the reins of
power in the wake of Charon's disappearance. At that time,
she appeared in the Agora, Stygia's central square, hold-
ing a pair of flaming torches that shrieked in terrifying
counterpoint to her words. She berated the Deathlords for
abandoning the principles of their departed leader and for
placing their own selfish desires for power ahead of any
consideration for the well-being of the wraiths trapped
between life and afterlife. She called for a renewal of
Charon's vision, an end to the smelting of souls and the

102 The Hierarchy


liberation of all thralls. (For some reason, she continued
to brandish her shrieking torches even through this sec-
tion of her speech and beyond.)

She evaded immediate capture by the Stygian Legions
by losing herself in the crowded backstreets of the city's
labyrinthine lower quarters. Thereafter, she made periodic
appearances in Stygia's public places, repeating her con-
demnation of the policies of the Deathlords and calling
for the Hierarchy to return to the principles it once es-
poused. Finally the Ruling Council proclaimed her both a
Renegade and a Heretic and banned her from the city.

Cassandra began visiting the Shadowlands, bringing
her call for repentance and renewal to the Necropoli.
Without exception, the Anacreons of each city she vis-
ited took actions to expel her from their territory. Numer-
ous patrols have been sent to track her down and bring
her in chains back to Stygia for trial and probable
discorporation, but none of them have ever been able to
discover the location of her Haunt or Haunts.

Despite her outlaw status, Cassandra continues to
maintain that she is a true member of the Hierarchy. She
has never actively supported any of the Hierarchy's en-
he participated in any actions (other than
her constant speechmaking) directed against the govern-
ment of Stygia. In fact, many disillusioned young Legion-
naires have claimed that a clandestine visit from Cassandra
helped to convince them to remain a part of the Hierar-
chy, and to strive to change the organization from within.

Some say that Cassandra works for the Lady of Fate,
who protects her, and that she resides ina secret lair main-
tained by the Legions of Fate within the Tempest. Others
insist that Cassandra has no actual Haunt but relies on
her many hidden supporters among the citizenry of the
Necropoli for shelter and protection. Still others claim to
remember Cassandra from before she became a self-ap-
pointed voice in the wilderness and swear that she still
maintains tacit ties with one or another of the Le
secretly working to subvert the power of that Legion's ad-
versaries. A few claim she is actually a Ferryman carrying

emies, nor hi

out some agenda known only to those mysterious travel-
ers. The truth of her identity and her loyalties may only
come out when and if she is finally taken into custody.
Until then, she remains a mystery.

General George S. Paton, jr

When the Fifth Great Maelstrom tore across the Un-
derworld on August 9, 1945, it unleashed waves and waves
of Spectres and other threats that refused to simply go away
after Gorool's apparent destruction. Legionnaires were
battling the twisted spirits continuously, defending Stygia
and the Shadowlands from each su ive Spectre attack.

Anacreons worked feverishly to recruit as many stalwart
Lemures and Enfants as they could, as wraith after wraith
fell in battle. On December 21 of that year, they gained a
soldier like no other.

General Patton had time and again distinguished him-
self for his aggressive, almost unpredictable tactics and
impressive leadership in life. Before the end of World War
II, he had risen to the rank of four-star general, and had
commanded the 3rd Army as it slashed across Western
Europe to the heart of enemy territory. Ultimately, though,
a simple car accident succeeded where no German could,
and the general crossed over to the Underworld.

Instantly, both the Beggar Lord and the Emerald Lord
attempted to recruit him into their respective Legions. In
his typically audacious manner, Patton refused to join ei-
ther until he knew precisely where he was and what was
going on. The Deathlords acquiesced, and escorted him
to one of the battles, that he might observe the war against
Oblivion firsthand.

Patton's decision didn't take long. He accepted rank
within the Legion of Mystery (still suspicious of the exact
cause of his accident) and began to fight the longest war
of his career. His bold strategies proved to adapt easily to
wraithly combat, and eventually the Spectres were beaten
back into the Tempest.

Today, "Old Blood and Guts" holds the honorary rank
of Overlord in the Legion of Mystery, but he isn't tied to
any geographical location. Instead, he tours the Necropoli,
pitching in with his crack squads wherever necessary and
tutoring various commanders in the area. He is
ken, militarily and politically, as ever, and harbors no soft
spots for the wraiths who would rather be fighting each
other than Oblivion. As public figures in the Hierarchy
go, almost none are more respected than he.

$ Outspo-

vendary Hierarchs



WWI
se Ay me PS

BX:

Appendix

H rcanios and the

Knowledge of the Arcanos abilities predates the found-
ing of the guilds by several centuries. Although certain
Arcanos have become closely associated with particular guilds,
they are not the exclusive property of guild members. Indeed,
since the guilds were disbanded, most wraiths have to learn
these secret powers in other ways. Although the Hierarchy
has officially banned certain Arcanos and only tolerates oth-
ers, a few Arcanos play very important roles within the make-
up of the Underworld's controlling faction.

Wraiths who are closely associated with the Hierarchy
may learn some less common uses for certain Arcanos. In
addition, some of the powers which have fallen into obscu-
rity in favor of more modern devices may still prove useful in
certain situations.

hierarchy Arcanos

The following Arcanos powers can only be acquired le-
gitimately by Hierarchy wraiths. Some of them were devel-
oped for use by Hierarchy troops at a time when Stygia could
afford to provide her Legions with extensive training. Be-
cause most modern Hierarchy wraiths receive only the most
ry for them to function
as patrols, the majority of these arts have fallen into disuse or

basic grounding in the skills neces

have been forgotten. Occasionally, a wraith character may
come across an old veteran (in either the military or civil
branch) who is willing to instruct them in these useful but
non-essential powers

Argos

eeReturn

This use of Argos allows a wraith to travel from her cur-
rent location in the Tempest to her home base — either Stygia
ora Necropolis — via the fastest (although not necessarily the
safest) route. This had been part of the training of Centurions
of Hierarchy patrols, before the road and rail system began to
dwindle in its usefulness. As patrols find themselves required
to brave the Tempest more frequéntly in pursuit of Spectres or
other foes, the art of Returfi is enjoying a comeback.

System: The player/must-roll Dexterity + Argos (diffi-
culty 7). Each success reduces the} time necessary to travel to
the desired destination, and five or more successes provides
both the safest and fastést route. Success in a standard
Orienteering roll before\attempting,to use this art lowers the
difficulty by one for each success, A botch on the Return
attempt indicates that the character becomes lost in the Tem-
pest somewhere between her starting point and her goal.

A wraith learning this att "dedicates" its use to a par-
ticular destination, usually Stygia or the Necropolis in which
her patrol is based. A player may purchase Return more than
once, using a different destination (up toa maximum of three),
at 1/3 the experience point cost (round down).

Castigate

© Confession

By use of this art, a wraith may extract information or a
confession from another wgaith. Unlike most uses of Casti-
gate, which focus on the Shadow, Confession affects a wraith's
Willpower, bringing it iff@xorably under the control of the
questioner. This art is aft important tool in Hierarchy interro-
gations, but many Pardoners refuse to teach it, officially con-
demning it as a perversioi of the Areanos' original intent.

System: Use of Confession requires an extended and
resisted roll. The interrogator must roll Charisma + Casti-
gate, while the wraith who is\under questioning must roll her

Appendix 105


current Willpower. The difficulty in each case is the
opponent's permanent Willpower score +1, with amaximum
difficulty of 10.

Each success by the interrogator that is not negated by a
success from her victim reduces the victim's temporary Will-
power by one (thus, over time, an individual's Willpower can
be broken). Note that the ictith can only resist. Any addi-
tional successes she achievés are esiigly lost. When the victim's
temporary Willpower is e, she will answer truth-
fully any questions questioner.

A botch by the
tended action indicates

Ny time during the ex-
no longer attempt to
p may continue to ques-
tion the victim normally; victim is now free to an-
swer as she chooses. A bot choby the victim causes her to
"snap," instantly reducing hee emporary Willpower to one
and causing her to provide the interrogator with complete
information or with a full confession (even if the victim is
innocent).

Use of this power causes the interrogator to gain 2 tem-
porary points of Angst.

inhabit

Shadow Weapon

Wraiths who possess the art of Shadow Weapon may tem-
porarily force their Shadow into a hand-held weapon (not a
firearm or missile weapon). The presence of the trapped Shadow
causes the weapon to inflict extra damage to the wraith's oppo-
nent. The wraith must have prev jously attuned her weapon to
accept her Shadow through, esclof © ¢ Inhabit (Gremlinize).
st roll Wits + Inhabit in order to
. The difficulty is the
st score, whichever is
‘he number of turns
ithin the weapon.

during which the Sh
The user must invest
eeepc damage. Shadow

vated damage for each point
of Pathos invested in the
age is cumulative with the Weapon's standard damage, and
can be particularly devastating if the weapon normally causes
aggravated wounds.)

This ability may be used in tandem with ¢Castigate
(Coax) to extend the Shadow Weapon's duration by one tum
per success. Each use of this power causes the character to
gain a temporary Angst point.

© 0eeelmpress

This power allows an Artificer to extract the personality
and memories of a wraith and transfer them, intact, into or
onto an object — such as the page of a book. This is the form
of the Inhabit Arcanos used to create the Living Pages of the

106 The Hierarchy

s2=

MPS aTTTTETE

Soulbook of the Legions. It is aia extremely potent use of In-
habit and its knowledge is restricted to Stygian Artificers under
the direct supervision of thi Ruling Council of Deathlords.

System: It is highly simlikely that a player's character will
ever have the opportuni power. A Storyteller-
controlled character, how e the occasion to at-
tempt its use. Impresior ires a roll on Intelli-
gence + Impress (diffitul fora vavilling subject or 8 for an
unwilling victim). The Vehicle used t6 receive the Impression
must be attuned to the Artificerthrough the use of ¢¢¢¢In-
habit (Claim) and two pointsiof Pathos must be invested in
the Impression attempt to make the transfer permanent.

If the victim is unwilling the Artificer gains a perma-
nent point of Angst.

lifeweb

ee eEarly Warning

This power is a variant on Splice Strand (¢¢ ¢Lifeweb).
Often the Legions compete with one another to acquire sig-
nificant mortals for their ranks. Early Warning enables a Hier-
archy Monitor to target or "tag" these individuals so that the
tagger will be warned of the mortal's impending death. Thus
alerted, the Monitor may thén| dispatch a Reaper to collect
the soul of the tagged mortal. The affinity established between
Monitor and mortal is noystrongéniough to qualify as a Fetter,
but it does allow the Ménitor to'kéep tabs on the individual
through the use of Senge Strand (*Liféweb). A Monitor may
keep as many tagged individuals as §he has levels in Lifeweb.

System: As in Spli¢éySttand,:the wraith must touch the
individual in some fashion. One: is accomplished, the player
must roll Manipulation + Liféweb,( difficulty 8) to "tag" the in-
dividual. If Sense Strand indicates that the bond between Moni-
tor and target is waning, the wraith may use Early Warning to
reestablish the tag (at a difficulty of 6). The duration of the "tag"
varies (usually one month per success), and failure to maintain
it results in the loss of affinity between wraith and mortal.

Usury

Sustenance

The use of this power is usually reserved for only the
most powerful Hierarchy officials, since it allows a wraith to
siphon the life energy of predesignated victims from a dis-
tance. It is almost certair(t Pthe Deathlords and many
powerful Anacreons Possess this power, which enables them

ideal providers of Susten

signed the dubious privilege of serving as reservoirs of Corpus
for their superiors. Altho us b fiios practitioners of this art are
careful not to overtax thel ' resources, extreme situa-

tions (such as the need to defend against multiple attackers)
sometimes result in the destruction of the provider. Use of


this power by anyone not authorized by Stygia is grounds for
discorporation, and merely knowing it can be dangerous.

System: The wraith mist fitst attune herself to her in-
tended victims, usually by/AeQuiting and assimilating a small
portion of the victim's Qbipus®Thiggenerally requires some
level of Moliate, althoughisiniple ingestion will also suffice. A
channel is thus established between siphoner and victim. To
invoke the Sustenance power, the player must roll Manipula-
tion + Usury (difficulty of the yictitn's Willpower). The num-
ber of successes indicates\th@»ntiniber of Health or Corpus
levels gained at the victim's\expehse. The user of this power
may maintain a number of Soutce individuals equal to her
permanent Willpower score.

Each use of this power results in the gaining of a tempo-
rary Angst point

Artitacts

he Hierarchy has a number of special
objects, treasures, and tools that qualify
as Artifacts. Some of these are quite pow-
erful and will usually be found only in
the hands of high-ranking members of the
Hierarchy or within the vaults and ar-

chives of Stygia. The Storyteller may find these items useful
as atmospheric enhancements or may build a story around
discovering, acquiring or retrieving them.

Note that all of the Artifacts listed are without levels.
This is because a character may not start out with them as a
beginning character. They should be earned through loyal
service to the Hierarchy, or, ideally, through good roleplaying.
All of the listed Artifacts are extremely rare, and should not
be handed out without serious consideration.

Living Page

The only known examples of this artifact reside within
the covers of the Soulbook of the Legions and its Appendix,
the Imprimatur. Made from a blend of pulp from the trees
found in the swamps of the Underworld and the distilled
soulplasm of smelted wraiths, these pages have been impressed
with the intact corpus of an individual soul whose memories
appear as writing upon the page. As a particular page is "read,"
the words will continue to scroll upward until the reader turns
the page or the memories are exhausted. Note that it is usual
for the memories contained in a Living Page to be colored by
the beliefs and personality of the person whose soulplasm
makes up the Page. The original purpose behind these pages
was to preserve the first-hand accounts of significant events
in Hierarchy history, but as time passed, the Living Pages

Appendix 107


have become convenient ways to remove troublesome indi-
viduals without losing the knowledge they possess. (See Chap-
ter Two: History for more information on Living Pages.) The
secret of their manufacture is closely guarded by Artificers
employed by the Hierarchy in Stygia.

Loyalty Blade

Usually short swords, these weapons date from the pe-
riod in which Charon made his decision to arm the freewraiths
with weapons of Stygian steel. They differ from the Legions'
standard issue in that they instill in their wielder a strong
sense of loyalty to the Hierarchy. Those who possess a Loy-
alty Blade cannot use it against a member of the Legions or a
Hierarchy official without expending Willpower at the rate
of one point per combat turn. Many of these blades have
been destroyed over the centuries since their forging, but a
number of them still exist. They are sometimes given as re-
wards to wraiths who serve as bodyguards for important Hier-
archs. Like all Stygian darksteel weapons, Loyalty Blades do
aggravated damage.

Masks of the Deathlords

The masks which Charon commissioned for his
Deathlords are some of the most powerful artifacts native to
the Underworld. Although each mask has a number of unique
powers that reflect the nature of the Deathlord to which it
belongs, all of them share the following qualities:

*Compel Belief — Through the combined use of Pup-
petry and Keening, each Deathlord's mask increases the loy-
alty of his Legions and allows the Deathlord to give com-
mands that have the force of compulsion behind them. The
intent of this power is to ensure the strongest possible de-
fenses against attacks on Stygia. (See the sample Chronicle
in Sea of Shadows for additional details on this particular
power.)

Full-body Moliation — Each mask transforms the wearer
into the physical image of the Deathlord it represents. This power
reflects Charon' original desire to emphasize the office over the
individual holding that office. In this fashion, a Deathlord could
be replaced without anyone noticing such details as a lack of
physical stature, a longer stride, or broader hands.

Instant Communication — The masks allow the
Deathlords to communicate mentally with one another, con-
tingent upon the agreement of all the parties involved. This
ability does not give the Deathlords the power to read each
other's thoughts, but it does provide vital channels of com-
munication during attacks on Stygia.

Soulhelm

These "helms" are actually slender circlets of Stygian steel
that are meant to be worn around the forehead. The wearer
of a Soulhelm is able to make a mental connection with the
Soulbook of the Legions and may peruse its contents as if she
were present in the Great Library of Stygia. Only nine of
these artifacts are known to have been made: one for Charon,
one for each of the Deathlords. Although they are carefully
guarded by their owners, it is rumored that one of the
Soulhelms has disappeared — stolen during the Renegade
attack upon the Onyx Tower in the 1500s. (See Chapter One
for further information on the nature, construction, and use

of the Soulhelms.)

Archetypes

he following Archetypes may be chosen
by players of Hierarchy characters with
| the permission of the Storyteller. They
may also be appropriate for other types of
characters.

Psyche Archetypes
Analyst

You have an overwhelming urge to understand the mo-
tivations behind any given course of action. You search con-
stantly for hidden meanings in the words of those you meet.
People never act without ulterior motives, and you are un-
comfortable unless you understand what those motives are.
You know full well the reasons for why you act as you do, and
you need to extend your understanding to encompass the
actions of others as well.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully ferret out
the real purpose behind a supposedly straightforward situation
or gain true insight into what someone is really saying.

Explorer

They say curiosity killed the cat, but you are already dead,
so you have nothing to lose. Anything new, strange or unfamil-
iar excites you. Although you are not without caution, you rarely
hesitate to go somewhere you have never gone or do something
you have never done. This sometimes gets you into trouble with
more conservative people, but just as often you are rewarded for
your bravery and initiative.


— Regain Willpower whenever you make a significant
discovery, lead the way into unknown territory, or experi-
ence something for the first time.

Pragmatist

Only fools believe in the absolutes of good and evil or right
and wrong. Expediency and feasibility are two of your favorite
words. You always take the most reasonable and practical route
to accomplish your goals. In most c:
with the powers-that-be, but occasionally you find a disparity
between what is legal and what is possible. For you not only
does the end justify the means, but the means must be the most
practical way to achieve the end.

, this means cooperating

— Regain Willpower when you are able to carry out
your goals in a practical, efficient manner regardless of the
methods you employ.

Shadow Archetypes

The following Shadow Archetypes are designed to get
you thinking about new directions in which to take the
Shadow. The Storyteller should consider carefully the effects
of introducing any new Archetype into the game, and should
come up with Harrowings appropriate not only to the Shadow,
but to the Psyche as well. See The Sea of Shadows for more
information on running Harrowings.

Anarchist

This Shadow delights in fomenting rebellion. He is the
consummate rebel, always ready to buck the system just to
see how much chaos will result. Rules exist to be broken,
authority to be defied, and orders to be disobeyed. The Anar-
chist delights in confounding existing situations, forcing un-

predictable behavior, and ruining carefully wrought plans.
Inciting rebellion and mutiny, sabotaging vital operations,
and promoting confusion are just a few of the tricks up his
sleeve.

When the Anarchist is in control, he attempts to de-
stroy any existing order within a group by causing the great-
est amount of confusion possible. This Shadow will refuse to
obey orders and will attempt to get others to do the same.
Random acts of violence and vandalism are not beyond his
means. He can call up repressed feelings of resentment against
superiors and leaders and can awaken the latent violence
within its Psyche.

The Inquisitor constantly attempts to ferret out the
character's darkest secrets, using trickery, coercion, and threats

to force confessions (particularly public ones) of hidden
crimes, traitorous or disloyal thoughts, and humiliating deeds.

Appendix 109


fe 110

If the character has any doubts about the Hierarchy, the In-
quisitor will bring those doubts to light and put them on dis-
play for the world to see. She is ruthless in her methods and
implacable in her determination to prove that the character
is "guilty" of something — especially if that something will
shock and outrage others.

When dominant, the Inquisitor will bring others under
her scrutiny as well. Her assumption is that everyone is a
traitor, Heretic, secret Renegade, or saboteur. She will even
go so far as to accuse prominent Hierarchy officials of disloy-
alty if given the opportunity.

Torturer

The Torturer is a devotee of the art of inflicting pain. He
possesses strong sadistic impulses and enjoys seeing others
suffer from his repertoire of torments. He prefers using the
character as a vehicle for hurting others, but will resort to
self-torture in a pinch. This is a very dangerous Shadow to
have because his actions often result in real damage to the
Corpus of his victims. Often the Torturer will offer some ex-
cuse for his behavior — such as acquiring information from a
prisoner or replenishing Pathos from a thrall or even a mem-
ber of the character's Cohort — but sometimes he will admit
to hurting someone just for the fun of causing pain.

When in control, the Torturer will attempt to live up to
his name in any way possible, from verbally abusing others to
inflicting actual physical harm. Often this Shadow comes
equipped with a Tainted Relic associated with the art of tor-
ture (a cat-o-nine-tails, a medieval thumbscrew, or some simi-
lar object).

New Abi

ities
kl

| Negotiation

This skill enables a Hierarchy wraith
to successfully defuse potentially hostile or troublesome situa-
tions. In any crowd there is always someone who possesses the
insights and verbal skills necessary to bring opposing sides to-
gether. Characters with good Negotiation skills are important
in preventing fights, arranging truces between warring factions,
and bargaining for the release of hostages or captives.

The Hierarchy

° Novice: You can settle a playground dispute.
oe Practiced: You have enough insight to keep the
peace among your friends.

eee Competent: People bring their problems to you to
solve.
eeee Expert: You could make a fortune as a marriage coun-
selor.

@eeee Master: You could solve the Irish problem and the
Arab-Israeli conflict with a few choice words.
Possessed by: Civil Administrators, C
Diplomats, Hierarchy Recruiters, Necropolis Officials, Union
Organizers
Specialties: Civil Disputes, Hostage Situations, Interper-
sonal Conflicts, Territorial Disputes, Wars

Networking

The ability to maintain a roster of contacts and allies is
only as good as the knowledge of when to make use of them.
Characters with Networking skills are able to rely on the ex-
pertise of others in order to gain necessary information. Un-
like the Backgrounds Contacts or Allies, this ability consists
of being able to bring together people who have need of each
other. Networking is the knack of knowing someone who
knows someone who knows someone who...

Wraiths who possess good Computer skills may roll In-
telligence + Networking when on-line to make contacts via
the information superhighway.

Sounselors,

. Novice: your network consists of people living in
the same city or Necropolis.
¢* Practiced: you are part of a regional network of pro-

fessional and social contacts.

eee Competent: your network extends nationwide and
crosses professional boundaries.

eeee Expert: political boundaries do not exist as far as
your contacts extend.

eeeee Master: your connections include creatures such as
vampires, werewolves, mages, changelings and the odd
mummy or two.

Possessed by: Anacreons, Electronic Bulletin Board Us-
ers, Hierarchy Ladder Climbers, Politicians, Private Investi-
gators, Social Organizers

Specialties: Esoteric Specialists, Hierarchy Contacts,
Internet, Legal Contacts, Professional Contacts, Research
Connections


Knowledges
Military Tactics

You have studied (or perhaps have been part of) some of
the military campaigns of mortal history and have a good
grasp of the strategies and tactics involved in waging war.
You know how best to deploy units on a grand scale and how
to take a small unit into the Tempest in search of Spectres.
You can spot the weakness of an enemy and exploit it to the
fullest. You know how to conduct siege warfare, blitzkrieg
maneuvers, extended military campaigns and search-and-de-
stroy missions. You are able to take command of a hostile
area and restore order among the "natives." This knowledge
covers both planning a military action and making decisions
in the heat of battle.

. Student: West Point graduate

College: Platoon leader

Masters: General

Doctorate: Erwin Rommel

Scholar: Alexander the Great

Possessed by: Citadel Overlords, Equitaes, Former Sol-
diets, Military Historians, Wargamers.

Specialties: Ground Battles, Long-range Campaigns,
Mounted Warfare, Occupation Forces, Siege Warfare, Small
Unit Tactics

HierarchyBased Adventures

ot all Hierarchy adventures will be
H| "missions" assigned by the characters'
| superiors, but many are. After all, un-
like most Renegades and Heretics, Hi-
b| erarchs do have a job to do, and are
responsible for protecting the law-abid-
ing citizens of Stygia and the
Shadowlands. Any ongoing Hierarchy chronicle should
provide a good mix of assigned missions and more charac-
ter-driven adventures. Remember that Hierarchy charac-
ters are not just cogs in the machine; they have goals, fears
and hopes of their own.

Treasure Hunt

A rumor surfaces pinpointing the location of a
Soulhelm reported to have been stolen during the notori-
ous Renegade attack on the Onyx Tower. The characters
belong to an elite Hierarchy patrol assigned to track down
the rumor and — with luck — acquire the missing artifact.

Escort Duty

An important Heretic or Renegade has been captured
in the Shadowlands. The characters are chosen to act as
escorts to ensure the prisoner's safe arrival in Stygia for
trial. Along the way, allies of the captive may ambush the
patrol in an attempt to rescue her, attacks by Spectres may
result in the prisoner's escape (thus entailing pursuit
through the Tempest or in an unfamiliar Necropolis), or
the prisoner herself may attempt to win the characters over
to her cause.

Tangled Webs

As members of one of the Legions stationed in Stygia
itself, the characters become involved in the latest scheme
concocted by their Legion's Deathlord against his current
rival. This story requires Hierarchy wraiths to engage in
sabotage and other covert activities and necessitates the
use of a great deal of subtlety to avoid getting themselves
caught — and having their actions disavowed by their su-
periors.

©The Best Defense

It has been discovered that a group of Spectres is caus-
ing trouble in the Skinlands. A select group of Hierarchy
loyalists (the characters) receives orders to traverse the
Shroud and eliminate them, thus simultaneously enforc-
ing and breaching the Code of Charon.
¢Time Bomb

The characters, a group of Hierarchy loyalists, learn a
piece of damaging information about a Deathlord or one
of the Hierarchy's darker secrets. This could be the truth
about the reprogramming camps, news of one Deathlord's
deadly plot against, or anything inbetween. They must
decide what to do with this information and who to take
it to. A clock running down to the information's fruition
only adds to the tension. This can lead to some very tough
choices by the characters if one's faith has been shaken by
the revelation or the Deathlord in question is not well
liked.

Loose Lips Sink Ships

Members of a Deathlord's household (the characters)
overhear sensitive information about their house being
talked about in the Agora. Only a member of the house-
hold could know such things, but who would drop it in
the Agora? More importantly, why? As the most trusted
members of the household, they are asked to find the dan-
gerous gossip. The blabbermouth could be anyone, and
the characters must step very lightly in this dangerous hunt.

Reality is up for grabs.
Your magick gives you a say in the outcome.
But will such power exalt you?
Or destroy you?

Mage: The Ascension
Second Edition

os
é

A Game of Reality on the Brink
From White Wolf Game Studio
Coming Fall 1995

Ls


The Empire of the Dead.

The system. The establishment. The powers that be.
Management. Since its inception, the Hierarchy has f d an image
of strength and invulnerability, power and omniscience. These are the

hrough which the Hierarchy looks out upon the Underworld.
are the mirrors that reflect the faces of those who stand on the
outside, looking in.

The Keepers of the Dream!

The Hierarchy exposes the bureaucracy of the Underworld, exploring
the organization that isa character's greatest ally or worst enemy,
dépending upon which side of the law she stands on. A must for anyone
who wants to see the truth behind the masks.

The Hierarchy is a sourcebook for
Wraith: The Oblivion, and includes:

¢ New information on the rich culture of the Underworld
¢ A glimpse inside the Great Library of Stygia
© Legendary Hierarchs, character templates, and much
more!
70 PARK ORTH BOLLE ISBN 1-56504-614-5

SUITEI00 WW6009 $12.00U.s./$17.50CAN.
CLIRASTON, GEORGIA 3000 51200

WHITE WOLF
CAME STUDIO

9°781565"046146 |

GAMES FOR MATURE MiNDS

HobbyTown USA

+ 12.00
