# File: The Book of Chantries.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

| _ for Mage:The Ascension™


THE BOoK OF

THE MAGE

by Steven C. Brown, Phil Brucato and
Robert Hatch

with additional material by James A. Moore and Kathleen Ryan


Credits

Written by: Steven C. Brown, Phil Brucato and Rob-
ert Hatch

Additional Material:

"Harvest Time" by James A. Moore

"Beyond the Tapestry" by Kathleen Ryan

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Robert Hatch

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chupp

Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Larry MacDougall,
Quenton Hoover, Drew Tucker, Lawrence Allen Will-
iams, Craig Gelmore, Elliott, Andrew Robinson, Jeff Menges

Front Cover: Scott Hampton

Front & Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

©1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Mage: The
Ascension and The Book of Chantries are trademarks of
White Wolf; all characters, names, places, and text herein
are copyrights of White Wolf Game Studio.

The mention of or reference to any company or prod-
uct in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

Special Thanks to:

Brian "Sorcerer's Apprentice" Campbell, for making
the mushrooms sing.

Rob "Smoldering Angst" Hatch, for being Harlan
Ellison's long-lost love child.

Mark "Singin' in the Rain" Rein® Hagen, for his Gene
Kelly impression.

Steve "Stream-of-Conciousness" Brown and Phil
"Gordian Knot" Brucato, for their mutual admiration soci-
ety.

Ken "Out, Out, Damn'd Printer" Cliffe, for teaching
the spider to fetch.

Stewart "Elric with a Buzz Cut" Wieck, for being
around whenever Phil was cursing at the machines.

Bill "Glass Walker" Bridges, for teaching Phil how not
to curse at the machines.

Andrew "Bibliomancer" Greenberg, for that handy
reference library.

Shadow "Bad Office Humor" Leid, for her amazing
flying pumpkin truck.

Word from the
White Wolf Game Studio

First of all, the good news; Mage is a hit. The
overall reception has been enthusiastic, and we're re-
ally pleased, to say the least, that the game has gone
over as well as it has. We thank you all for your
continued support.

Now the bad news; we goofed a bit on that first
printing. Despite our efforts, a few mistakes were made,
and we are heartily ashamed.

Aswe wipe the egg from our faces, allow us to direct
you to the Mage errata in the back of this book and the
tables in the Mage Storytellers Screen. Again, we
apologize to our fans, and we will avoid such mistakes in
the future.


Table of Contents

THE BOOR OF

IES

Prelude: Beyond the Tapestry

Introduction

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries
Doissetep; Chantry of Cal Ladeim, The Lands of Thunder and Twilight 20
The House of Helekar; Chantry of the Forbidden Lands 42
The Lodge of the Gray Squirrel; Chantry of the Second World of the Diné 51
Vali Shallar; Chantry of Mu 59
The Sepulcher; a Haunted Mansion of the Hollow Ones 70

Chapter Two: Technocracy Constructs
The Society of the Immutable Armature; Construct of MECHA 84
Null-B; Construct of Yenosia, the Wasteland of Dead Aspirations 92
Research Plantation #4; Construct of Moreauvia 101

, ;

Chapter Three: Nephandi Labyrinths
Dracus Vachor; Labrynth of the Ulic Batu, the Sea of Ash 12
The Household of the Jade Demon; in the Maze of Ebon Gates 119

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation

Chapter Five: Harvest Time

Appendix One: Other Strangeness
Appendix Two: Optional Creation System

76

lO

128
I50
164
I7O

Introduction 3


) Prelude: -
Beyond the

Tapestry

ig

Amanda awakens inside a kaleidoscope.
Green light eats her eyes like acid, and danc-
ing, electric neon signs rebound from every
surface of the ancient car. Her white dress is
patchwork; the dashboard is stained; her
mouth isas dry as ashes. She looks up. "Where
are we?"

By.Kathleen Ryan

"Vegas." The Old'Man turns to her as he speaks, his
voice deep and calm. "We're making good time. How did
you sleep?" His eyes glow red as the traffic light change'.

"[ dreamed that I was dead again."

"T know," he says, his voice so soft for an assassin:"The
nightmares will stop once we reach my home."


"Home?" Amanda, black widow, magickal killer, feels
anervous flutter as she flexes stiff muscles. The car is So tiny
and so old. Shards of the death she so recently survived still
burn in her veins, pulsing with her heartbeat. Like a diver
who ascends too quickly, she feels light-headed, out of
breath. The knowing eyes of her Avatar angel still linger in
the waking world. For 15 hours he has driven them, neither
stopping ror explaining their destination. Her empty stom-
ach grumbles. She waits for an answer, but the Old
says nothing. asa

They drive on in silence, and it begins to rain.

kK

"We are going to my Chantry." é :
"What's a Chantry?" It has been 10 hours since his last
words, and Am: peevish, hungry, stiff and sore.

werewolves gnot take kindly to telephone wires
around these pé@mmso we may speak fied The enemy has
no way to he:

ut here. If my car Be a I would
inutes, we will join another highway.
rd then. You had questions?"

ry?" she repeats.

ghold for our kind, for the Awakened." His

"How can that be?"

#
at "Tt exists outside this form of reality, woven from a
tapestry of our own choosing."

~"Right," she says, "whatever. So where is it?"

"One of its ferms is in Phoenix, Arizona. | cannot
explain the other to you right now. When you see it, you
will understand." ek

"We haven't stopped?" =

"We haven't needed to," he says, and she realizes that
the gas gauge still reads "full." =

"Speak for yourself," she snaps, "I'm hungry as hell, and
thirsty tool.

"My apologies," he replies, taking out a box of wooden.
matches. "It has been so long since I have needed t6'worry
about such things." He shakes the box, prodtices a match
seemingly from nowhere, and lights it. As sulfur smoke
curls in the dim light, shéfeels the hungerand thirst recede.

_ In moments, she is no longér hungty.
"Nice trick," she says, and He nile ue will en

a when we arrive. Now hush."
ee o™

The sign over the door says "Rare Boos," but the first
thing she sees is a corpse. The old man steps over it lightly,

shutting the door quickly against the harsh Arizona sun-
light. The dead man's hands circle his own throat, and

Amandais surprised at how little the sight moves her. Have
I gone so far so fast? she wonders. She remembers her Avatar
and its bloody hands. "*

"Check his teeth," says the Old Man. She doesso. "Am
I looking for anything in particular?" she queries.

"Pointed incisors."

"Right. Whatever." She.checks. "Nope."

"Good," he replies. In the distance, she hears a train
whistle. "Please put him in that closet over there, behind
that door." So saying, he moves.to a shelf and begins to
gather odd gimeracks and a few small books. Amanda
shoulders the dead body — a boy, she notes, not quite

% twenty — and carries him to the closet. His feet topple a

tack of paperbacks; one hand drags open a red, leather-
ound yolume. She props the boy between two brooms.and
ae raincoat, whispers a brief prayer for the dead —

e moves away, she hears a faint chewing EStid,
that it's only rats..

rejoins the Old

Did ar "Come," he says as he walks through
the tumble-down, and.

fate aisle, though adoorsmaller

wall. He te tohis apprentice, antes wo
the door.

cannot say. The wooden floor creaks softly, and a low,
,whine, like sirens, begins as they mount an ebony staircase
that spirals into darkness.:..

She has no name for him, nothing she can call out.
Pitch blackness shrouds her vision and the sirens rise to a
deafening pitch. Before she can panic he takes her arm,
lightly, and pulls herinto atiny room...

_ As she crosses the threshold, the sirens die and the
little room fades away. For ari instant, there is nothing;
swirling vertigo steals her breath, stops her heart. gShe
falls...

..and lands painfully, on one arm, in cool white dirt
that reseaBblesb bone shards. The plain stretches out.to the
hoi i héfe irmeetsa strange night sky. The desert vista
sera broken by feedy patches of grass and
bent, wizened trees. A herd of black gazelles stampedes
acrossher line of sight, raising a cloud of bone-colored dust.
Ona small rise, a mansion of blood-colored stone shimmers
in triple moonlight. The Old Man reaches down to help
Amanda to her feet, smiling slightly. "Welcome home."

The hallway is low and poorly lit, though by what she ~

Sas



Reality is subjective, flexible, malleable. Anyone has the

power to reshape it; we Awakened simply know how. Ascension
is guided by how we choose to apply this gift: for the common

good, or for personal gain.

Itis for our intentions that we will eventually be judged; by
our peers, by ourselves, by the gods, by reality itself.

— Heasha Morningshade, Verbena Adept

Oh, gimme a break!

— Dr. Volcano, Virtual Adept

What Are Chantries?

Mages often use the word "Chantry" to de-
note one of two things. In its most literal
meaning, "Chantry" simply refers to some
building in which mages live, study, and
generally get away from it all. The word's
larger overall meaning includes the physical
structure itself, the members, Nodes, Hori-
zon Realms, covenant, heritage, goals, and
activities of the place as a whole. Through-

out this sourcebook, unless noted otherwise, the word

"Chantry" refers to the larger meaning.

Asplaces where mages can be themselves, these strong-
holds are more often than not hotbeds of intrigue. Even
while gathered together for a common cause, Chantry
cabals whisper behind closed doors. The specter of hubris,
the fatal pride in one's own power, surfaces in the Horizon
Realms. Visiting mages and brand-new Disciple:

like must
stay on guard in strange Chantries. A body falling in a
Horizon Realm makes very little noise

at all...

Introduction 7


How to Use This Book

Dreams, books, are each a world; and books, we know,
Are a substantial world, both pure and good:

Round these, with tendrils strong as flesh and blood,
Our pastime and our happiness will grow.

— William Wordsworth, "Personal Talk"

Chantries provide mages with protection,
power, companionship and knowledge. If
you have played Werewolf: The Apoca-
(ies you will find that while Chantries are
in many ways similar to caerns, they are even
more important in many respects. While
SG can individually survive without their
precious caerns, mages need Chantries des-
perately if they are to gain real power.

This sourcebook provides a Storyteller with the rules
necessary to build and run Chantries of her own creation.

This book also includes information about all aspects of
Chantries, including cabals, Nodes, Horizon Realms, poli-
tics and many other things. Story ideas herein allow
Storytellers to use Chantries to their fullest. These rules
cover not only Tradition Chantries, but Technocracy and
Nephandi Chantries as well. This sourcebook also contains
10 detailed, preestablished Chantries usable immediately
in your Mage game. These Chantry entries include descrip-
tions of the places' physical structures, their important
characters, Horizon Realms, Nodes, goals, struggles, en-
emies and allies.

Elements of the Chantry

Cabals

Hold a true friend with both hands.
— Nigerian proverb
Mages often gather into small groups based
on friendship, mutual goals, or similar moti-
vations. These groups are called "cabals" by
Tradition mages and "amalgams" by Con-
vention mages. These groups are the nuclear
social units of mage society. While Traditions and Con-
ventions still represent the basic political units, cabals and
amalgams have the more practical function of carrying out
day-to-day activities.

Cabals may be formal or informal in structure, and
membership within cabals varies based on the purpose of
the cabal and the mages available. New mages often gather
together to form cabals. Spies, magickal terrorists, tutors,
and other groups also form cabals of their own. Despite
philosophical differences, mages often cross Tradition lines
when forming cabals, spurred on, perhaps, by the success of
the multi-Convention Technocracy amalgams.

For the most part, members of Tradition cabals join by
choice. Amalgams among the Technocracy take a slightly
different path. While some amalgams are formed by their
members' personal choice, the members of most amalgams
are chosen by their superiors in the Construct (Technoc-
racy Chantry).

It is unknown whether Marauders form cabals, but
Nephandi often do. The minions of the Nephandi often
pretend to be mages of the Traditions or the Conventions,
and form cabals and amalgams to conceal their true nature.

8 The Book of Chantries

These Nephandi cabals infiltrate the Traditions and the
Conventions alike.

Cabals often gather into larger collectives, thus form-
ing Chantries. However, in some cases a single cabal may
ownan entire Chantry, though this is rare unless the mages
are exceedingly powerful or the Chantry is very weak.
Generally, Chantries are made up of between two and six
cabals (most often three). In many cases, each cabal within
the Chantry is assigned a specific set of duties.

Most Chantry occupants are non-mages: servants,
Acolytes, and other hangers-on who keep the places run-
ning smoothly. Truly Awakened individuals are rare,
especially in the media-saturated Western world.

Types of Chantries

Home is the place where, when you go there,

They have to take you in.

— Robert Frost, "Home Burial"

Most mages have a place they call home —a place to
study, recuperate, plan missions, and meet other mages. For
Tradition mages, this is the Chantry. Convention mages
call their sanctum the Construct. For all practical purposes,
both are identical. Chantries are usually home to at least
one cabal; three or more groups together are not unusual.

Chantries are vital parts of mage existence. Indeed, the
differences among the various mage societies are reflected
in the Chantries themselves. Old Chantries founded cen-
turies ago now echo hollowly, their halls empty. Vital new
Chantries resemble armed refugee camps, where mages
raised in the shadow of the Technocracy plot their strate-
gies of Ascension. In the steel halls of Technocracy

Constructs, ice-souled Technomancers mold the Awak-
ened into the mages of the future.

While all Chantries have physical representations on
Earth, many have permanent forms in the Umbra as well.
Most exist in Realms unto themselves; these Realms are
called Horizon Realms. They are located between the Near
Umbra and the Deep Umbra, in the Membrane that sepa-
rates the two.

Different kinds of Chantries serve various purposes.
The Technocracy has similar counterparts. These are de-
scribed in detail in the "Life in the Traditions" section (pgs.
55-58) in the Mage rulebook. Nephandi maintain false
Chantries called Labyrinths. Marauders are not known to
build Chantries in the usual sense; they sometimes work
together, but such unions tend to be temporary.

Nodes

Nodes are Quintessence reservoirs supplying the life-
blood of magick. Nodes manifest at sites where the planet's
inherent magickal energies are strong. Chantries on Earth
are frequently built atop Nodes, while Chantries with
Realms of their own must draw energy from Nodes to fuel
the Realms' existence. Many Nodes are required to fuel
large or powerful Realms. The value of such places is great,
and covert wars have been fought for their possession.

Mages, however, are not alone in their quest for
Quintessence wellsprings. Other supernatural entities —
werewolves, faeries, even wraiths — have uses for Nodes.
Faerie mounds, caerns and haunts also store Quintessence.
Battles have been fought for these sites.

Chantries, and even powerful individual mages, have
been known to settle disputes or unite with one another by
trading or sharing Nodes. The first Chantries were estab-
lished through such practices. In some cases, Nodes are
leased to Chantries or even single cabals within the Chantry.
However, because of the value of these sites, the price is
extremely high, even by mages' standards. Such bargains
are often called Devil's Deeds.

Horizon Realms

Here glimmer strange suns and strange planets

And strange is the crescent Banapis

That sets ‘yond the ivy-grown ramparts

Where thicken the dusk of the evening.

— H_P. Lovecraft, "Nathicana"

Mages with steady supplies of Quintessence often use
it to create and support Umbral Realms. These Realms,
located along the Membrane separating the Near and Deep
Umbra, are referred to as Horizon Realms. Mages may
control the very physical laws of these Realms. Horizon
Realms thus provide mages with safe locations to practice
magick without fear of Paradox. Because Horizon Realms
are hidden from view, only those who know how to find and
enter them may do so. Entrance is gained through special
Portals in the fabric of perceived reality.

No two Horizon Realmsare the same. Each has its own
unique environment, flora and fauna (ifany atall), weather,
ambience, and magickal qualities. Horizon Realms are in
many ways largerand more awe-inspiring than the Chantries
that support them, but without the supply of Quintessence
provided to them through Nodes, they would cease to exist.

A Note to the
Storyteller

It's a shame the way we dance along the edge.

— Concrete Blonde, "Dance Along the Edge"

While Chantries provides background, standard
tules, and information, we've left plenty of room for the
Storyteller to play around. As usual, the tale is the
thing; all rules presented here are guidelines only.
Appendix Two allows personalized Chantry-building,
but should not be considered hard gospel.

For clarity, all terminology used throughout this
sourcebook derives from the parlance of the Traditions
unless otherwise noted. These ancient institutions are
the foundation of magickal practices. Furthermore,
common terminology is also much easier to understand.

A Warning to Players

Trust not him with your secrets, who, when left alone
in your room, turns over your papers.

— Johann Kaspar Lavater, Aphorisms on Man

For maximum enjoyment, players should not read
the sections detailing either the Chantry write-ups or
the enclosed scenario. Mysteries are best unveiled gradu-
ally. Knowing the best surprises of a book before play is
no fun at all, but the choice, of course, is yours...

Introduction 9



Chapter One:

Tradition
Chantries

The central importance of entering worlds other than our

own lies in the fact that the experience leads us to understand that
our own worldis also a cultural construct. By experiencing other
worlds, then, we see our own for what it is and are thereby
enabled also to see fleetingly what the real world, the one
between our own cultural construct and those other worlds,

must in fact be like.

— Walter Goldscmidt, Foreword to The Teachings of

Don Juan

The following descriptions of various types of Chantries
are meant to serve as guidelines for creating new Chantries.
Even these listed are only some of the possibilities. While

each Chantry is unique, these stereotypes may help a
Storyteller develop her own vision.

Tradition Chantries

JES<_, In the last 300 years, multi-Tradition
@ Chantries have become the dominant force
among Tradition mages. They are very di-
verse, and many of them have gained great
power through their ability to meet any threat
head-on. Even in the Mythic Age, mages of
different Traditions (or Hermetic houses)
realized the value of working together to-
ward a common goal. As the Technocracy
expanded, cooperation became the norm.

eee |

Many Tradition mages feel that multi-Tradition ca-
bals are essential adaptations for survival, a dynamic
evolution away from the restrictions of rigid Traditions.
Other, more conservative factions embrace the rivalry
between the Traditions, though some feel that this rivalry
feeds stasis rather than the growth which is so sorely
needed. With the Technocracy dominating the Tapestry as
it stands, more dissension is the last thing that Tradition
mages need.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 11


Chantries are notstatic; they grow and change
like the people who inhabit them. The ages
of a Chantry have been compared to the
seasons in a year, from Spring to Winter,
J} with an attendant rise and fall of fortunes.
Chantry status and this "change of seasons"
are further explored in Chapter Four.

Like mages themselves, Chantries gather
power and influence with age, but eventually
lose the vitality that led them to these heights in the first
place. Eventually, the torch passes from the old to the new,
even if that torch must be pried from the elder's fingers!

Newly Established
Chantry

Status: 0-2

Chantries established in the last few decades have had
trouble finding enough Nodes to support the creation of
Horizon Realms. For this reason, Realms are fairly unusual
among the newer, weaker Chantries. Some older Chantries
have also lost their Realms when the Nodes supplying them
were captured or drained.

Mh SS
Ass n=
et a ANY

Most newly established Chantries have between two
and four cabals. Members range from Disciples to Masters,
though Disciples are obviously in the majority. These
cabals are united by common enemies, and their diversity
serves them well. However, they lack focus and guidance by
their elders, and value their independence more than they
value good advice.

A new Chantry is most likely located in a city or a
town. It is probably either an estate or a small apartment
building, though it might be a large house, a penthouse
suite, a loft, or one floor ina building. The Chantry houses
the mages, provides a place of study, and probably has more
than enough money to support itself.

Most Chantries of this sort have loose internal struc-
tures, though this is not always the case. The cabals there
tend to be rather independent and prefer a democratic
structure. Most have at least a rough sort of covenant,
which is usually pretty straightforward and functional.
Unlike older covenants, these newer covenants deal with
newer issues head-on, while older laws require consistent
reinterpretation.

These new Chantries are seldom in direct communica-
tion with older Chantries, but the elders tend to watch
them from the shadows. Older groups have been known to

"aR
iN


use younger Chantries as pawns, though they protect them
from the Technocracy when necessary. Most younger
Chantries try to establish a name for themselves, but find
itdifficult. Many have lasting enemies, usually other super-
natural creatures (vampires, werewolves, etc.). Young
Chantries targeted by established Constructs don't survive
for long.

These Chantries' research capacities are very limited,
but they often have state-of-the-art information systems,
because many Virtual Adepts belong to these newer
Chantries. They usually have numerous contacts, but few
have spies of any sort.

Respected Chantry

Status: 2-4

Most multi-Tradition Chantries fall into this category.
These Chantries have succeeded while many of their peers
fell; the war with the Technocracy has taken its toll on the
mages, but they have become finely honed asa result. They
have gathered many spoils, especially from their fallen
comrades, and are strong enough to survive if they keep
their wits about them.

These Chantries comprise three to five cabals. Each
cabal has a certain place in the collective workings of the
group, but follows its own path for the most part. These
mages have learned the value of respect, wisdom and
secrecy. While the leaders have lost much of their naive
vigor, they have replaced it with hard-won experience.
There are usually plenty of petty rivalries, but seldom
anything serious. These Chantries are far more cautious
than either the large or small Chantries.

Most Chantries of this size control three or four Nodes
of varying power. These Nodes each produce around 15 to
20 Quintessence per day. Their Nodes are well protected by
guardians and other means.

Despite their considerable reserves of power, only a
few of these middle-aged Chantries maintain Horizon
Realms. The cost is simply too prohibitive. Those that do
maintain Horizon Realms seldom create them ona massive
scale. While most Realms differ from Earth, few are larger
than 25 miles across.

Most Chantry buildings are located in discreet areas
such as suburbs. The mages keep their Chantries hidden,
using them more as meeting places than as homes. The
buildings are usually stockpiled with weapons, equipment,
and sizable money reserves.

These Chantries' internal structures vary; most prefer
the leadership of a panel of Deacons. Their covenants are
usually detailed but outdated, lacking provisions for mass-
media and information-system access, high-tech monitors,
and the treatment of Rogues. Most of the resident mages
have developed "unofficial" policies to deal with these
matters, although the specifics are rarely in writing.

13


The swift rise of computer technology has led to
numerous changes in "Summer" Chantries. Some have
offered places to the distrusted Virtual Adepts, taking
advantage of their expertise to link magicked computers
into their information resources. Chantry computer sys-
tems are usually protected by elaborate tech-wards. The
Cult of Ecstasy has adapted particularly well to high tech-
nology; many Cultists enjoy BBSing, faxing stuff all over
creation, or hooking into virtual reality for new kinds of
sensual stimulation.

Almost all of these Chantries have at least some

Status, but its s seldom above 3. They frequently

ore

have Reputations among their peers, but as a rule are not
widely known among Sleepers. Numerous contacts allow
them to double-check information they receive, but most
do not have spies as such. Middle-aged Chantries usually
have excellent libraries and laboratories, a number of
enemies, a rival or two, and a few allies.

Old and Revered

Status: 5

Doissetep is a prime example of one of these old and
revered Chantries, the survivors of the Mythic Age. Less
than 15 of these are known to exist, although others may
yet remain, sealed up in Realms or fantastically obscure
parts of the world.

Most of these Chantries have four to seven cabals.
Doissetep, with 10, is exceptionally large, and the internal
strife among its cabals would destroy a younger Chantry.
Many of the older Chantries limit their membership in
some way, with strict initiation tests and outright discrimi-
nation. Nor is the lot of new recruits particularly good.
"Tenured" members hold high rank and many privileges,
while apprentices do the scut work. Orphans, renegades

and refugees are frowned upon at most ancient Chantries.

Although outright hostility is rare, resident cabals
often secretly work against each other, and individual
members carry on rivalries ranging from the petty to the
deadly serious. The cabals seldom do more to aid one
another than is required of them. Although such Chantries
present powerful, unified fronts, constant bickering is the
norm, especially among the older members. Some say that
decades of magick use has a corrupting influence on mages,
ranging from extended Quiet to raging hubris. Others
speculate on the resonating effect that Realms seem to have
upon long-time residents. Whatever the reason, old

Chantries seethe with intrigue and strangeness.

It is believed that most of these Chantries control 10
or more Nodes apiece, each providing from 15 to 40
Quintessence per day. With this much power, they seldom
have a problem maintaining Horizon Realms. Many of the
residents never leave these Realms, thus prolonging their
lifetimes but possibly eroding their sanity.


And what Realms these Chantries have wrought! Few
are smaller than 200 miles in diameter, and most have self-
contained ecosystems and unique inhabitants. Such Realms
are subject to the powers of their magickal founders, and,
some say, their moods as well. Old mages do not tolerate
upheavals in their Realms, and they police them with iron
hands.

Their Chantry buildings are likewise massive in scale.
Appearances vary, but all bear the marks of power and
leadership. Most employ far more Acolytes than they need,
allowing the mages to retreat from worldly interests into
their studies or "hobbies." The earthly aspects of these
Chantries are often huge, elaborate affairs, and most have
one or more outposts in addition to the Earth Chantry
itself.

Covenants for these places tend to be dry, lengthy and
tedious, painstakingly scribed on rich parchment. Many an
apprentice has honed her handwriting copying these end-
less documents. Any new circumstance must be drafted
into the covenants, many of which are thick enough to be
bound into books. Leadership often falls to a panel of
Deacons, usually one from each cabal or Tradition repre-
sented in the Chantry. Absolute dictatorship is not
unknown. Politics between council members involves in-
tricate alliances, deceit, trickery and debts. For all of their

powers, mages are as prone to human pettiness as any
Sleeper.

Few mages have the power to establish a Chantry of
such might. Accordingly, these old Chantries are very
powerful and command respect. All have high Status and
widely known Reputations (good or bad, usually bad...).
Though they make and break alliances with alarming
regularity, most do so with at least an attempt at honor.
Alliances with younger Chantries are backed up with more
force these days than in the past, out of concern for
Tradition survival. Orphans are not usually welcome at
such places.

Magickal tutelage is fairly good, with a good deal of
real-world political experience and hands-on sparring to
supplement the academic studies. Libraries are massive in
scale; it is common practice in these Chantries for all
privately owned texts to be bequeathed to the Chantry
upon the death of the owning members. The mundane
library is usually very large, but somewhat outdated —
often by 15 or 20 years, and in some cases by 100 or more!
Information systems are on par with those of the middle-
aged Chantries, but seldom any better. These Chantries
have several dependable contacts and spies in key positions
within the Technocracy and other Tradition Chantries.
Laboratories are usually quite good, but lower-ranking
members get poorer research space.

Types of Chantries

A Chantry is often shaped by its purpose;
there are as many different types of Chantries
as there are mages to form them. Below are a
few of the types most significant to an ongo-
ing chronicle.

VAY
War Chantry

Down in the depths of my fiery home

The summons bell will chime

Tempting you and all the earth

To join our sinful kind

There is a job to be done and I'm the one

You people make me do it

Now is the time for your fate and I won't hesitate

To pull you down into this pit.

— Metallica, "Jump in the Fire"

Certain small Chantries devote themselves entirely to
one particular purpose. One or two cabals, usually Rogues
from other Chantries, unite under a common title and
common goal. Membership in such groups is by invitation

only, with stringent tests for acceptance. Single-purpose
Chantries have short life expectancies; most either disband
or go out in style (and often in flames) within the first five
years of existence.

War Chantries are perfect examples of such single-
minded groups. These Chantries specialize in leading attacks
against any one of a variety of enemies. Some are splinter
groups from a larger Chantry, but most are free agents
pledged to avenge fallen friends. War Chantries are not
recent creations. Groups of this type have been around for
centuries, but the war with the Technocracy has recently
given them far more enemies to battle. Many of these
Chantries contain some of the best warriors in existence,
but often need not engage in open combat to achieve their
aims.

War Chantries consolidate a lot of power, both mysti-
cal and otherwise. They have heavily fortified buildings,
compact but secure Realms, powerful guardians, and as
many Nodes as they can grab and hold. The obsessive
nature of War Chantry cabals leads to debts and chances
that no rational Chantry would risk, but the sheer fervor of
the cabals often triumphs over the odds, at least in the short
run. Such places usually burn out after five years or fewer;
if their enemies don't get them, exhaustion does.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 15


Internal politics in such a place are simple and to the
point. Traitors die, but loyalty is fierce. Squabbles are often
resolved in short order for the common good. Research
capacities are often limited but intense, and hands-on
training is excellent. Outsiders are suspect in War Chantries,
and new candidates face harsh tests. Any visitor allowed to
stay will be watched at all times.

The intense nature of these Chantries lends itself well
to storytelling. Perhaps a player must deliver an important
message toa Chantry hostile to her Tradition (i.e. a Virtual
Adept visiting a Dreamspeaker Lodge). An obsessive war-
rior may get some sort of fixation on a player character and
drag his whole Chantry into the affair. Given the nature of
player characters, the players themselves might set up a
War Chantry of their own or join an existing one, in which
case enemies, trauma, and other frictions of total war will
take their toll on the cabal.

Exploration Chantry

For me there is only the traveling on paths that have heart.
On any path that may have heart, there I travel, and the only
worthwhile challenge is to traverse its full length. And there I
travel, looking, looking, breathlessly.

—Don Juan, from Carlos Castaneda's The Teachings of
Don Juan

Exploration Chantries exist to define reality, much as
do the Void Engineers of the Technocracy. Instead of
imposing their own reality upon the cosmos, however, they
simply record what they find, allowing others to interpret
it as they will. Today, most mages consider the members of
the few remaining Exploration Chantries to be dreamers
without dreams, mucking about on the fringes of Ascen-
sion.

While Exploration Chantries investigate the limits of
static reality and the Technocracy's stranglehold on hu-
man thought, such places are not well regarded by more
warlike or practical mages. Some even hint of connections
to the Void Engineers or Nephandi, as the explorers seek
out secrets in the Deep Umbra.

Exploration Chantries usually house more than two
cabals, and these mages spend most of their time in research
and experimentation. Most specialize in astral travel, spirit
walking, and consciousness alteration through virtual real-
ity, drugs, fasting and other means. Dreamspeakers, Virtual
Adepts and Ecstasy Cultists usually found Exploration
Chantries, which doesn't help their image among more
conservative Traditions. At least one Son of Ether Chantry
orbits the moon, decked out in Victorian splendor and
blissfully unconcerned that its existence violates scientific
reality (these mad scientists are rumored to have a pact
with the faeries to protect them from the Void Engineers).

16 The Book of Chantries

Exploration Chantries tap into Nodes that few others
even notice. Most have small Horizon Realms, but the
Chantries' true focus is outside of those Realms. Why
explore what you know you can create? Exploration
Chantries often nestle in remote and inaccessible places,
such as mountaintops, ocean depths and deserts. Research
facilities tend to be extensive, as most research cabals tend
to be concerned with academics of one sort or another.
Internal morale is usually good, with lots of debate but few
major problems.

Explorer mages are an inquisitive lot, much like player
characters. Stories involving Exploration Chantries might
include a possible breach in the barriers of perceived
reality, an assault by strange and unknown forces, or a visit
from another group bent on proving a pet theory at the
expense of the Chantry's own.

Ancestral Chantries

They have learned nothing and forgotten nothing.

— Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord, Letter to
Mallet du Pan

Many of the earliest Chantries were Ancestral, or
controlled by one certain Tradition. Though sorcerers of
all types have banded together since the Mythic Age, many
still felt most comfortable among their own kind. Ancestral
Chantries now seem to be a thing of the past, replaced by
newer ways of life. Still, some Tradition mages strive for
their return.

Some Ancestral Chantries have survived along the
outer fringes of the Horizon, powerful but inflexible. Steeped
in the ways of their ancient heritage, they lack diversity and
find it hard to survive outside their own Realms. Inside the
Chantry walls, it is hard to tell the 20th century from the
fifth century. This embrace of stasis has led most such
Chantries to long, bitter Winters.

Hereditary Chantries

A number of smaller Chantries are actually extended
family groups. The Crombey Farm in Chapter Five is one
such Chantry. Hereditary Chantries are common among
Verbena, Dreamspeakers, Euthanatos and Celestial Cho-
rus mages, who often raise their children to shrug aside
consensual reality. Among the Euthanatos, there are fam-
ily Chantries composed solely of the first son of each
generation. All-female Chantries are common among the
Verbena, while some member of the Order of Hermes keep
the old ways alive within their family groups.

Hereditary Chantries tend to form stronger bonds
than other types, but can fall victim to familial trust, hubris
or isolation.


Magickal Tutelage

Wouldn't you believe it,
It's just my luck.

No recess!
No recess!

— Nirvana, "School"

Training at a college of magick is far more de-
tailed and diverse than simple apprenticeship. Students
are trained not only in the philosophies of magick, but
in Continuum Lore, a general overview of other
Traditions and the Conventions. Continuum Lore
may be purchased as a Knowledge and is generally
only available through college training.

Most colleges have at least one tutor from each
Tradition, but this is not always the case. Virtual
Adepts have found it hard to gain acceptance as either
students or teachers in these Chantries. The Order of
Hermes and the Sons of Ether show the most interest
in College Chantries, where they often take advan-
tage of Chantry resources to conduct experiments in
their spare time.

Admissions Policies

Students may come from either the dwindling
ranks of apprentices or talented Sleepers whose Ava-
tars show promise. The former must pass though a
board of sponsorship and review, while the latter are
usually recruited off the street or from another
Chantry's Acolytes. The dedication, character and
talent of the "applicant" are weighed heavily before
admission is granted.

Tuition

Knowledge is not without its price. In most cases,
students are required to perform a number of services
for their tutors, ranging from cleaning windows to
capturing or killing enemies. Students are often put
into situations that require them to think things
through and make a sacrifice of some sort. This tests
both knowledge and character.

Even after graduation, students remain in debt to
their school (and you thought student loans were
bad!). Such debts can be repaid with service or with
arcane books and Talismans. Generous alumni re-
ceive additional assistance from the Chantry, while
"defaulters" suffer damage to their reputations, and
perhaps wors

Fellowships

Some colleges boast fellowships, small organiza-
tions comprising both male and female mages. These
fellowships, sometimes called fraternities, compete

with each other in debates and special competitions.
Fellowships stress honor, achievement and excel-
lence through skill and hard work.

Grading

As in any other school, magick students are
tested and graded, rated by degrees as they face
certain challenges. Test scores may be provided to
whatever Chantry the mage joins upon leaving the
college, and may count for or against a new candidate.

Disciplinary Codes

While each Tradition has its own distinctive
views of acceptable behavior, each college has a set of
codes of conduct. Specifics vary; a Celestial Chorus-
sponsored college will have strong restrictions upon
sexual relationships, while schools backed by the
Cult of Ecstasy might actually encourage such "con-
tact."

Honor and responsibility are the keystones of
disciplinary codes. A mage without either quality is a
danger to everything around him. Student who con-
stantly violate these ethics might even be punished
with Gilgul, for the greater good. Most punishments,
however, are far less severe, ranging from revocation
of privileges to expulsion.

Graduation

Students must display a certain level of compe-
tence in the Spheres before graduating. Other skills
usually play some part in magickal "degree require-
ments." Knowledges like Cosmology, Culture or
Occult; Skills like Leadership, Meditation or Tech-
nology; or Talents like Athletics, Brawl (Martial
Arts) or Expression may be required to graduate.

The Alumni

Graduates of a sorcerer's college form strong
bonds with their classmates. These bonds can lead to
any number of story possibilities. Rivalries, partner-
ships, love affairs, and master-student interplay ("We
meet again... but this time | am the master!") all
provide hooks for the Storyteller to draw players into
adventure. Characters may well take Backgrounds
like Mentor, Allies or Destiny through their associa
tion with a magick college.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries

17


18 The Book of Chantries

College Chantries

I will give you truth and understanding

I will give you wit and wisdom fair,

Precious gifts beyond compare

We can build a world of wonder,

I will make you all Aware...

— Rush, "Cygnus X1, Book II, Hemispheres"

All Chantries are centers of learning, but certain
Chantries, known as College Chantries, devote the en-
tirety of their resources to the education of the newly
Awakened. College Chantries provide neophyte mages
with the most well-rounded and intense magickal tutelage
in the Tellurian. Through these Chantries' efforts, those
destined for greatness are honed for the tasks ahead of
them.

These holdovers from the Mythic Age experienced a
resurgence during the Victorian Era, before the lid of
scientific reality was slammed in place and locked. Today,
there are few of them left. Still, these few serve a valuable
purpose for those lucky enough to attend.

Magick colleges are very rare; classes are small, usually
comprising three to eight pupils. In the Mythic Age, when
many such colleges were founded, students filled expansive
halls and jockeyed for their tutors' attention. Nowadays,
the halls stand all but empty, marvelous monuments to
bygone prosperity. Acolytes and servants make up the
majority of the Chantry population. Despite this, getting
into a sorcerer's college remains difficult, and the work is
even more demanding than in times past.

Most of the remaining colleges were founded in the
1800s, although a number of smaller ones have arisen
during the heat of the Ascension War. Only three of the
ancient schools of the Mythic Age are still known to exist:
Nerentus University in the Cloud Realm, Yulen Academy
of Internal Mythology in the Dream World of Orthos, and
The School of Ghenrojok in the Kingdom of Styrkar.

An entire chronicle could be built around a group of
students at a magick college. Students face all kinds of
challenges, including peer rivalries, Quiet-ridden instruc-
tors, and literally hellish final exams.

Squatter Chantries

There have always been what are referred to as Squat-
ter Chantries, Chantries with no Nodes to sustain them.
Such places have bad reputations from their habit of
raiding other Nodes, carrying away the Quintessence for
their own use. Although much like other small Chantries
in most respects, Squatter Chantries have no Realms, few
magickal protections, and perennially low Status.

Squatter Chantries are common among the Hollow
Ones and other Orphans, as they receive no assistance from

other mages. There are, however, plenty of younger multi-
Tradition and single-Tradition cabals and Chantries
without permanent Quintessence supplies. These places
are targeted hard by the Technocracy, for they have low
resistance and few resources. Squatter Chantries often base
themselves out of abandoned buildings, large apartments,
or out-of-the-way houses. Others remain completely mo-
bile.

As Squatter Chantries have so little to lose, more
powerful cabals use them as pawns in their own battles,
offering help or Quintessence in return for "just a little
favor."

Such Chantries need not be ragtag collections of
outlaws, although this is the popular image. Some merely
function as temporary headquarters for established mages

on the run, while others are heavily fortified strongholds
cut off from a permanent supply of Prime energy. Squatter
Chantries usually house between one and three small
cabals, sharing a sparse covenant and meager research
facilities. Internal relations tend to involve a lot of bicker-
ing but tight friendships in the face of adversity. Strong
internal rifts might be deadly not only to the Chantry, but
to everyone in it as well.

Players will probably form a Squatter Chantry of their
own at some point; story possibilities include a search for
Quintessence reserves, hiding out from a powerful enemy,
facing off with a second party over turf, or internal dissen-
sion that threatens to bring the whole thing crumbling
down.

The Chantries

ach of the following Chantries includes a
st of the resident mages and detailed write-
ups for members of potential interest. The
background, Nodes, Realms, denizens and
\\iqi] residents, internal and external relations,
\\ H history, and research capabilities are out-

lined. Possible stories usable with each
| Chantry are also included. The Convention

and Labyrinth descriptions in Chapters Two and Three
follow the same format. Rules pertaining to Chantry con-
struction are given in Chapter Five, while Appendix Two
features an optional point-based system of construction.
The "Harvest Time" scenario in Chapter Five reintroduces
Samuel "The Skinner" Haight in a short adventure set
within a fully detailed Chantry.

Chantry Listings

The 10 Chantries detailed in Chapters One through Three follow a similar format. The specific aspects are

detailed in Chapter Four.

The name of the Chantry, Construct, or Labyrinth.

A brief introdu
Cabals

ion to the Chantry.

A listing of the cabals who call the Chantry home, including their history, purpose and general nature. Many
cabal listings include a character of note, to represent the tone of the cabal, to offer a template for other characters
of the Realm, and to give the players someone with whom to interact. Each sample character suggests many story
possibilities and adds to the atmosphere of the Chantry as a whole. Because of the scope of this book, many cabals
cannot be represented by a pregenerated character, but those included here may serve as inspiration for others.

Nodes

A brief listing of the various Quintessence supplies for the Chantry.
The Horizon Realm

A description of the Chantry's Realm (if one exists), including its environment, inhabitants, Sphere ratings,
and the resonance and "season" of the Realm.

The Chantry
The Chantry itself, along with its earthly manifestations, history, purpose, and internal relations.
External Relations
The way the Chantry is viewed by others, including its allies and enemies, status, visitor policies, and research
capacity.
Stories
The theme and mood of the Chantry in general, with five story suggestions.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 19


Doissetep: Chantry of Cal Ladeim,
The Lands of
Thunder and Twilight

There is strong shadow where there is much light.
— Johann von Goethe, Gétz von Berlichingen

It stands alone, the greatest of the Tradition
Chantries: Doissetep. Its cyclopean towers,
black, ominous walls, and gargoyle-encrusted
stonework exude power, much like the Realm
around it. Located in the Shard Realm of
Forces, Doissetep crackles with power and
intrigue. If a case is to be made for the
resonance effect, Doissetep is a prime ex-
ample.

Doissetep is nigh invulnerable to external assault.
However, it rots from within: intrigue abounds, and the
sorcerers of the Chantry are at odds with one another over
who shall rule it next.

Cabals

This Chantry is the largest known; 10 mage cabals call
Doissetep their home. Each is dedicated to its own agenda,
and all wish to dominate the Chantry. Only a few hold real
power, and Ascension is largely forgotten amid the hubris-
fueled quest for dominance. Doissetep is a dangerous place
for visitors and residents alike. No one is safe from the
turbulent Winter of this mighty place.

The Drua'shi- Seekers of Truth

Members: Porthos (Order of Hermes- Master), Alonius
(Order of Hermes - Master), Hue de Frome (Verbena -
Master), Lillian Weihl (Verbena - Master), Kwon Hsu
(Akashic Brotherhood - Master)

Background: The cabal has existed for centuries,
though its present members joined long after its initial
foundation. Still, these mages form the eldest cabal of the
Chantry. They hold tremendous power, but are no longer
able to stem the tide of usurpers. They are quickly losing
power, falling victim to the same tactics they once used:
lies, deceit, conspiracy, blackmail, murder and worse. They
cling to their power and place too much confidence in their
servants, many of whom secretly serve the three contenders
for power: the Janissaries, the Followers of Bonisagus, and
the Followers of Tytalus.

While the Drua'shi are not the recognized leaders of
the Chantry, their collective voice still carries tremendous
weight in the council, and three of their own (Porthos,
Lillian Weihl, and Kwon Hsu) sit as members of the Panel

20. The Book of Chantries

of Deacons. These mages continue to do things the old way,
by custom and strict adherence to Doissetep's covenant. In
this respect, they have succeeded. The Chantry is known
for its adherence to the ancient practices of loyalty, honor
and politics. Yet, this has never quelled greed, lust, hatred
and secret disrespect.

The cabal meets once per week to discuss the situation
of the Chantry and decide the best course of action. Its
members fear the other cabals and know they will be quietly
assassinated if they appear to be a threat. Two of the
Drua'shi's members have already made that mistake. To
keep themselves alive, they distract their rivals by keeping
Doissetep fully entrenched in the Ascension War.

The Drua'shi has many loyal servants and maintains
eyes and ears nearly everywhere. Despite this, the cabal's
rivals have maintained a great deal of secrecy. Accordingly,
the cabal takes an interest in all new members of the
Chantry, hoping to utilize them as pawns. The Drua'shi
especially desires field agents, because the cabal no longer
leaves Doissetep for any reason. Its members fear they
would be ambushed and assassinated; the murders could
then be attributed to the Technocracy.

Porthos

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 7, Wits 4

Abilities: Alchemy 5, Alertness 2, Awareness 7, Cos-
mology 7, Culture 2, Dodge 2, Enigmas 7, Etiquette 2,
Expression 1, Intimidation 1, Intuition 5, Leadership 6,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 2, Meditation 5, Melee 2, Occult 5,
Research 6, Stealth 1, Subterfuge 5, Survival 1

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Arcane 5, Avatar 5, Destiny 3,
Dream 5, Library 15

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 5, Forces 6, Life 4,
Mind 5, Matter 3, Prime 5, Spirit 4, Time 3

Willpower: 10

Arete: 9

Quintessence: 16

Paradox: 10

Background: Porthos was born to an urban craft
family in Breslau, Germany in 1403. Porthos became an
alchemist and was renowned for his magickal elixirs, which
could cure everything from the common cold to the Black
Death. A mage of Doissetep realized Porthos was an Or-
phan of tremendous potential and took him in.

Porthos' wife and children died at the hands of Her-
metic mages of another Chantry. He sought revenge, but in
the endhe could not take the lives of his family's murderers.

This has haunted his soul ever since, and he has never
forgiven himself for what he believes was his betrayal of his
family.

Porthos has dedicated his life to the acquisition of
magickal knowledge, hoping to regain self-confidence and
atonement, but has achieved neither. While immensely
powerful and for the most part a loving, fatherly figure, he
considers himself weak and unworthy. Porthos shows par-
ticular interest in those who remind him of his children. He
occ:

sionally suffers from the delusion that certain indi-
viduals are actually his children. He cares for them, watches
over them, and scolds them as any near-Oracle father-
figure would. In many cases, his "fatherly punishments"
lead to the deaths and/or insanity of his wards, which of
course only reinforces his guilt.

Porthos does not like being a Deacon of Doissetep, but
he fears betrayal and trickery from all. Porthos has never
killed anyone intentionally, though many are in their
graves because of his occasional lack of self-control. For the
most part, he keeps his own political clout through sheer
respect and power. Everyone fears Porthos not because he
is devious and evil, but because he is near-omnipotent and
insane.

Image: Porthos is a gaunt man of average height. He
has greasy, straight, black hair, which he seldom combs or

washes. He wears antique bifocals most of the time, and
generally dresses in a gray pinstriped suit with a vest. He
also wears a gold watch that tells the time at whatever place
a person visualizes while looking at the watch. He wears a
platinum ring with a large ruby in it, which belonged to his
own long-dead Mentor. Occasionally, he can be found
dancing nude about the hallways and singing old folk songs,
wandering about in a pink bathrobe, or dressed in armor
and claiming he is going off to fight some sort of mythical
creature in another Realm (and he often returns with
strange Tass).

Roleplaying Notes: Porthos is friendly, fatherly, hon-
orable, gentle and utterly insane. Power radiates from him
ina tangible aura; when he gets angry, the static electricity
is so great it causes everyone's hair (including his own) to
stand on end. He protects and assists those who remind him
of his children. He avoids those he dislikes. He will protect
himself, but he prefers not to kill. However, his sleepwalk-
ing raids are often quite deadly for those who happen to be
wandering the halls for a midnight snack.

Sanctum: Porthos maintains a series of large, octago-
nal chambers made entirely of mahogany and gold. They
vary in size, though the central chamber is over 100 feet
across and 30 feet high. The chambers are filled with
countless magickal devices, Talismans, fetishes, animal
trophies, Tass in various forms, antiques, junk and several
cats, along with countless vials, beakers and books.

The Janissaries

Members: Caeron Mustai (Order of Hermes - Master),
Robin Herod (Verbena - Master), Geneva Bye (Order of
Hermes - Master), Tokiko Anzue (Akashic Brotherhood -
Master)

Background: The Janissaries have a history dating to
the early 1700s. The cabal became a highly respected
addition to Doissetep shortly after its formation in Turkey,
and it has a history of great success in the war against the
Technocracy.

Many would say the Janissaries are the real leaders of
Doissetep, and that Caeron Mustai is the real leader of the
Janissaries. The cabal wields great power and commands
tremendous respect because of its past successes against the
Technocracy.

The Janissaries await the proper time to make their
move for the seats held by the Drua'shi. They know the old
mages' schemes and are playing along for now, hoping some
other rival cabal will do their job for them. This cabal acts
with precision and unity; that's how Caeron wants it, and
he gets what he wants.

In the last few years, Caeron has claimed a seat on the
Panel of Deacons and has become its most outspoken
member. He is especially loved by many of the younger
mages, who have yet to tire of blood and battle. He has fully
backed the plans of the Drua'shi, pretending to support

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 21


them. However, his own cabal actually implements the
plans and accordingly gets the most credit for their success.

The cabal has spies everywhere; many of the house-
hold servants, especially those who serve the Drua'shi and
Followers of Tytalus, are Janissary spies. Caeron has begun
using Rogue mages to carry out assassinations for him; in
this manner, he has already removed one member of the
Drua'shi.

The Janissaries are the bitter enemies of the New
World Order, and this Convention is the cabal's first target
in any conflict. Perhaps the Janissaries have missed the
similarities between the two groups.

Caeron Mustai

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Visionary

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 4, Brawl 5,
Computer 3, Cosmology 3, Culture 3, Dodge 3, Enigmas 2,
Etiquette 5, Expression 3, Firearms 4, Intimidation 2,
Intuition 3, Law (Chantry covenant) 4, Leadership 5,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 4, Meditation 4, Melee 5, Occult 5,
Research 4, Science 1, Subterfuge 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 3, Avatar 5, Dream 2,
Influence 2, Library 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 3, Forces 5, Life 4,
Matter 2, Mind 2, Prime 4, Spirit 3

Willpower: 9

Arete: 7

Quintessence: 14

Paradox: 6

Background: Caeron Mustai was born the son of a
Bedouin leader in Syria. He was kidnapped by a mage of
Doissetep 200 years ago, when he was 12. He was taken to
the Chantry and instructed in the ways of the Order of
Hermes. He has since become one of the most powerful and
ambitious mages in the Chantry.

Over the last 200 years, Mustai has been a soldier, a
traveler, a sheik and a spy. He has served Doissetep well,
and now the relatively young mage wishes for Doissetep to
reward him by making him the undisputed leader of the
Chantry, either as a Pedagogue or, preferably, as the Dea-
con with the most influence. He has made many enemies,
but his allies are secretive and numerous.

Caeron Mustai has deluded himself, falling victim to
his own hubris as he seeks the destruction of the New
World Order. Given the chance, he would turn Doissetep
into a vast war machine. Mustai may soon set wheels into
motion that cannot be stopped.

22. The Book of Chantries

He has few interests other than political power; his
other pastimes include killing Technomancers, discover-
ingrare and perverse pleasures of the mind, body, and spirit,

and forming alliances and pacts with supernatural crea-
tures. He always uses others, especially younger mages, as
pawns in performing missions and acquiring objects for
him.

Image: Caeron is a broad-shouldered, handsome, ath-
letic-looking man apparently in his mid-30s. His skin is
tanned, he has blue-black, straight, medium-length hair,
and he sports a goatee. He dresses in stylish, custom-fitted
suits for business and can be seen wandering about in
jogging suits or jeans and T-shirts when relaxing. He always
walks at a quick pace, and he always speaks confidently in
a deep, accented voice.

Roleplaying Notes: Caeron is a highly adept political
shark. He is friendly to the right people and never openly
declares his hatred of anyone. He prefers to do his dirty
work himself, but does so from the shadows. He never
reveals secrets unless he gains greater knowledge in return,
and he picks at others through feigned friendship or sharp
and confusing conversation. In Caeron's mind, there are
two categories of people: enemies and potential enemies.

Sanctum: Caeron maintains a 10-room complex in
one of Doissetep's ells. His sanctum is decorated with
antiques, though it has many modern conveniences looted
from the Technomancers. However, Caeron spends much
of his time in the Barcelona aspect of the Chantry. There,
free from the threat of enemies' telepathic probes, he plots
his strategies for continual accumulation of power.


The Fraternal Society of
Bonisagus

Members: John Visballi (Order of Hermes - Master),
Avis Malone (Order of Hermes - Master), Ronald Veatch
(Order of Hermes - Master), Georgina Milono (Order of
Hermes - Master)

Background: The Fraternal Society of Bonisagus was
founded shortly after the collapse of the Mythic Age. Many
of the Hermetic mages who belonged to House Bonisagus
wished to keep their House alive and so transformed it into
a fraternity. Over the centuries the fraternity dwindled;
now only this one cabal bears the legacy of the once-
glorious House Bonisagus.

The members of the Fraternal Society of Bonisagus are
ruthless conspirators and merciless fighters against the
Technocracy. They are very powerful and deal harshly with
those who openly oppose them. However, they are greatly
challenged by the Janissaries, whose methods are equally
cunning and deadly. The cabal has no idea of the threat
posed to their plans by the Glass Eye.

The Bonasagi have as their purpose the destruction of
Metropolis2, a powerful Technomancer stronghold. They
constantly strive toward this goal, providing freedom fight-
ers in the Realm with as much food and equipment as they
can smuggle in. The cabal has many spies in the Realm, but
one of its own spies is a double agent for the Technocracy.

The cabal also has spies in Doissetep and in several
other Tradition Chantries. Its members seldom spend any
time in political debates, preferring open action or covert
favors. Avis Malone suspects that there are Nephandi in
Doissetep, and she's attempting to find out where.

Avis Malone

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 5, Astrology 4, Aware-
ness 5, Brawl 2, Computer 3, Culture 2, Dodge 2, Enigmas 4,
Etiquette 2, Expression 1, Firearms 4, Intimidation 3,
Intuition 5, Law (Chantry's covenant) 3, Leadership 2,
Linguistics 5, Occult 5, Photography 4, Research 5, Science 4,
Stealth 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3, Technology 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Arcane 4, Avatar 4, Destiny 3,
Dream 5, Influence 2, Library 5

Spheres: Entropy 2, Forces 5, Life 3, Mind 4, Matter 4,
Prime 3, Spirit 3

Willpower: 10

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 18

Paradox: 2

Background: Avis was born in San Francisco; she was
the illegitimate daughter of an opium dealer and a prosti-
tute. She ran away from her mother and became a prostitute
herself. She soon learned she had the power to make others
do as she pleased. By accessing her johns' thoughts, she
could give them pleasure or pain, or simply kill them.

Avis left San Francisco and traveled until she reached
New York. One night a strange man came to her and
offered her a great deal of money to spend the weekend on
his estate. She found herself unable to refuse him and was
taken to Doissetep, where she became an apprentice.

Avis isa strong-willed woman who refuses to be bullied
or controlled. She supports the status quo politically, but
she is cunning and ruthless. She constantly strives for both
magickal and political power.

She is a true rebel at heart. Rather than turn against
Technomancer magick, she has studied it and knows how
to use it to her advantage. Her ability to counter it, and her
ability to work around Paradox, are most amazing, and most
certainly result from knowledge of her enemies' ways.

Avis enjoys photography in her spare time, traveling
the world to take her pictures. She is quite skilled; some of
her photos have appeared in best-selling magazines. She is
also known to practice sadomasochism. She takes great
pleasure in conquering all the new apprentices who are
attractive, bold or charismatic, though her interest in them
fades rapidly.

Image: Avis isa lithe, athletic woman in her early 40s.
She has long, curly auburn hair. She dresses in jeans, T-
shirts, and a black leather jacket bearing the symbol of
House Bonisagus of the Order of Hermes. When acting in

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 23


an official capacity as a mage of the Chantry, she dresses in
attractive dresses of the latest fashion. She speaks with a
soft, deep voice that commands attention, though she
seldom speaks among crowds. She wears a nosering and
shades, and usually carries a handgun and a camera when
traveling abroad.

Roleplaying Notes: Avis is rough and tough when she
needs to be (or when it is fun). However, she is usually
reserved, allowing John Visballi to lead the Bonasagi and
represent the cabal to the Chantry. She enjoys manipulat-
ing people to ascertain their attraction for her.

Sanctum: Avis maintains a large abode covering one
entire floor of the main castle keep. She keeps her technol-
ogy here, though many of the mages do not like it. However,
only one large room serves as her laboratory; the others are
very personal and cozy. She has a dog named Ambrose and
a large, enclosed aquarium of bizarre sea creatures from
Earth and other Realms. She also has an S&M room filled
with various torture/pleasure devices.

The Followers of Tytalus

Members: Klaus Hortemone (Order of Hermes - Mas-
ter), Juanita Quave (Order of Hermes - Master), Leontine
Overmyer (Order of Hermes - Master), Beatrice Rentschler
(Order of Hermes - Master), Winifred Tiagonce (Order of
Hermes - Master)

Background: The Followers of Tytalus are a fraternal
order much like the Bonisagi. The fraternity was estab-
lished shortly after the Mythic Age came to a close. It has
since dwindled in size, but there are three other known
Followers of Tytalus cabals that do not hold membership in
Doissetep.

The Followers of Tytalus are also in the running for
control of the Chantry. They consider the Janissaries their
biggest rivals, and see the Bonisagi as a threat as well. They
are considering assassinating Caeron, but have not yet
decided when or even how they should do it. It seems
Caeron is good at staying alive.

The Tytali have other goals as well. There was a house
within the Order of Hermes known as the Tremere. The
Tremere turned their backs on humanity, became vam-
pires, and are now voluntary outcasts from the Order of
Hermes. The Tytali would like to see many of their former
brethren reaccepted into the Order of Hermes. In fact,
many Hermetic mages believe that the Tytali are in league
with many Tremere, maybe even the entire clan. If so, who
knows what they have planned?

The Followers of Tytalus have long supported the
Drua'shi, because the cabal supported their efforts con-
cerning the Tremere. Nonetheless, with the aging cabal's
dwindling health and the inevitability of its collapse, the
Tytali are now forced into the fray for control of the
Chantry. They fear the Janissaries will use the Chantry as
a personal weapon, preventing the Followers from accom-
plishing their own goals concerning the Tremere. The

24. The Book of Chantries

Followers of Tytalus have a long-running feud with the
Fraternal Society of Bonisagus, but do not despise that
group as much as they do the Janissaries. They do fear that
certain Bonisagi may be in league with the Nephandi.

The Followers of Tytalus enjoy competing among
themselves and against other cabals. They are quick to call
for duels against those they can defeat, thus proving them-
selves magickally superior to them, but prefer to conspire
against those of superior power. Still, they are considered
very aggressive and violent in comparison to the other
leading cabals.

Klaus Horfemone

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Director

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: (note that Physical Attributes are greater
than normally possible because of the vampiric blood in his
veins) Strength 7, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness3, Athletics 5, Awareness 3, Brawl 5,
Cosmology 4, Culture 3, Dodge 4, Drive 2, Enigmas 2,
Etiquette 4, Expression 2, Firearms 4, Intimidation 5,
Intuition 3, Investigation 3, Law (Chantry law, Austrian
law and United States federal) 4, Leadership 5, Linguistics 5,
Melee 6, Occult 5, Research 3, Stealth 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 4, Survival 1

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Arcane 4, Avatar 5, Destiny 5,
Influence 4, Library 5, Mentor 2

Spheres: Entropy 4, Forces 5, Life 4, Mind 4, Prime 4,
Spirit 3, Time 2

Ghoulish Powers: In addition to his enhanced Physi-
cal Attributes, Hortemone has the natural power to see in


pitch darkness (Forces 1). He can grow claws and fangs at
will (Life 3). He also possesses two levels of vampiric
Thaumaturgy (see Vampire: The Masquerade), which isa
mutated form of Hermetic magick.

Willpower: 10

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 10

Paradox: 9

Background: Klaus Hortemone was born into a Swiss
noble house. He was formerly a manorial lord, abbot of
three abbeys, and bishop of two bishoprics in France.
Hortemone was selected by the Order of Hermes to become
an apprentice late in life, at the age of 40, because of the
wealth and influence he could bring to the declining
Chantry.

Hortemone enjoys testing himself, and he strives to
develop his mind, body, soul and Arete beyond those of his
fellow mages, in hopes of becoming as great and powerful as
he can. Hortemone is an expert swordsman and fencing
master who trains and spars with many of the inhabitants
of the Chantry. He is very interested in the stage magic of
earthly prestidigitators, and often uses this form of "conjur-
ing" as a shield against Paradox.

Hortemone spends a great deal of time on Earth and
has strong connections to the Tremere. He is, in fact, an
independent ghoul, having acquired a tremendous amount
of powerful Kindred blood through his work. He hopes one
day to reunite the Tremere with the Order of Hermes, and
most of his efforts are directed toward this. While his
loyalties lie with the Chantry, he is not above entangling
young mages in missions for the Tremere and against other
vampire clans. He pays generously for these services, but
they are often very dangerous.

Image: Hortemone is a man of 50. He hasa very stocky,
athletic build. He has short, silvery-gray hair and is always
clean-shaven. His eyes are a bright emerald green, and his
face bears a scar from an old sword wound. He never
displays emotion of any sort and is always a well-composed
gentleman. He speaks with a mixed French and German
accent; when speaking of magick he lapses into Latin with
ease.

Roleplaying Notes: Hortemone is always in control.
He never loses his cool and never displays open hatred, love
or fear. In fact, the only time he laughs and smiles is while
fencing; the sport is his true love. He is a manipulator and
akiller, but he has never wavered from the path of Ascen-
sion.

Sanctum: Hortemone resides in a labyrinthine com-
plex below the Chantry, and he is believed to be one of the
few mages who knows all the secret passages and tunnels
and where they lead. Hortemone's sanctum is much like a
modern home, though there are a great many antiques. His
study is filled with books, televisions that can pick up
earthly broadcasts, and various magickal Talismans of great

power. He has his own live-in manservant named Clive,
who assists him in many ways.

The Glass Eye

Members: Walter Thrun (Euthanatos - Master),
Julianno Galbrese (Order of Hermes - Master), Christophe
Fenaes (Verbena - Master), Marina Rampullo (Cult of
Ecstasy - Master), Aida-Wedo Mangum (Verbena - Mas-
ter)

Background: The cabal knownas the Glass Eye formed
over 150 years ago. It served as a leading cabal of Sentinels.
Its members proved so dedicated and skillful that the cabal
was honored with a permanent position as head of Chantry
security. The Glass Eye is almost like an external police
force; its authority is second only to the Drua'shi. In
addition, these mages are now the overseers of the Horizon
Realm and its inhabitants. They guard the Portals and serve
as the liaisons to many other Chantries.

The cabal secretly wishes to control Doissetep. It has
kept its position very secret, and no one knows its members
are responsible for the death of one of the Drua'shi. The
cabal is not above murder, extortion and bribery, though
most is done in the name of the Chantry. The cabal
members are very loyal to one another and are slowly
ingratiating themselves with the members of the other
leading cabals.

The Glass Eye has spies everywhere. In addition, it is
in league with two Nephandi and three Technomancers.
These mages are not loyal to their causes, and they thus
barter with the Glass Eye, providing information concern-
ing the Technocracy's and Nephandi's activities. The
Glass Eye is the best informed of all the cabals. It shares
much of its knowledge with the Drua'shi and some with the
rival cabals, thus putting all sides in debt to it. Though the
Glass Eye feigns loyalty to each of the rival cabals, it refuses
to display any loyalties openly. It wants the rival powers to
eliminate one another, thereby allowing the cabal to take
over with ease.

Aida-Wedo Mangum

Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Caregiver
Essence: Primordial
Tradition: Verbena
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 5, Cosmology 4,
Culture 3, Dodge 1, Enigmas 5, Etiquette 4, Expression 5,
Herbalism 5, Intimidation 4, Intuition 5, Leadership 3,
Linguistics 5, Meditation 4, Melee 1, Occult 5, Research 5,
Stealth 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Survival 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Avatar 6, Destiny 5,
Dream 5, Influence 4, Library 5

Spheres: Entropy 4, Forces 3, Life 5, Mind 4, Prime 4,
Spirit 5, Time 5

Willpower: 9

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 15

Paradox: 5

Background: Aida-Wedo Mangum was a priestess of
the Ibo tribe in Africa before she was captured by the greedy
allies of the whites and traded to them for rum. She lived a
difficult life as a slave, for work on the Saint Domingue
sugar cane farms was far tougher than work on other
plantations. Her ability to provide her fellow slaves with a
sense of hope and self-respect made her a threat. She was
one of the founders of Voodun; through her efforts, the
slaves of formerly enemy tribes united under common
spiritual beliefs.

Aida-Weno's role in Voodun's creation drew notice,
and she was purchased, freed and apprenticed by a Verbena
mage. Aida-Wedo learned well the arts he taught her; they
meshed perfectly with what she had already learned as a
tribal priestess and mambo. She was an excellent student
and later applied what she had learned by assisting Toussant
L'Overture, Henri Cristophe and others in the uprising
that freed Haiti from the domination of the French planter
class. To this day, she takes an interest in Haiti and the rest
of the West Indies. She has not yet managed to restore
Aristide to power, but she is trying.

Aida-Wedo spent much of her time living and social-
izing among the free black and Creole society of New
Orleans in the early 1800s. She assisted the Underground
Railroad in the 1850s and provided protection and assis-
tance to many freed slaves before and after the Civil War.
Today she fights for the rights of the downtrodden; her
particular area of focus is equality among the races and the

sexes. She also provides money and assistance to help
abused and runaway children.

Aida-Wedo has not given up her goal of Ascension,
and in the long run it has rewarded her more than hubris
ever could. She attempts to befriend all mages of the
Chantry and assists young mages as long as they do not
become dependent upon her or use her for their own
personal gain. Still, she has made many personal enemies
among the mages of Doissetep, for despite her good nature,
she is unafraid of doing what has to be done. She under-
stands intrigue and uses it when necessary. While she has
never takena life without good reason, she has ruined many
schemes and brought down more than one powerful wizard.

Image: Aida-Wedo is a short, elderly black woman in
her mid-60s. She is slightly overweight and has white hair
worn ina bun. She dresses in plain dresses and occasionally
in robes of traditional African design. She almost always
hasa smile on her face, and she speaks with a slight French
accent. One strange aspect of Aida-Wedo's appearance is
that, while no one has said anything about it, she is in fact
getting younger and her health is improving. This is the
result of an elixir she has developed, a potion that ages a
person to the age she feels in her heart. With this potion,
it may be possible for Aida-Weno to return to her mid-20s,
a time when she was an attractive and vibrant woman of
influence and power.

Roleplaying Notes: Aida-Wedo seems like a caring,
maternal figure, but there is more to her than that. She
knows how to have a good time, and she continues to
attend various social functions on Earth. She also main-
tains close relations with her descendants on Earth. (In
fact, she is planning to take one as an apprentice.) Aida-
Wedo will trusta character so longas the character deserves
that trust. She will assist when presented with a problem
contrary to the interests of her view of Ascension. Those
foolish enough to make an enemy of Aida-Wedo will see
their personal schemes for power backfire with distressing
regularity until they make amends for their ways and prove
their sincerity to her satisfaction.

Sanctum: A single large wood-paneled room with low
tables, Japanese screens, and dozens of live plants nurtured
by sunlight that comes from an unknown source. Aida-
Wedo's room has a pleasant cinnamon aroma and colorful,
hand-woven carpets everywhere.

The Eye of the Storm

Members: Vingenza Garcia (Order of Hermes - Mas-
ter), Syed Pinckney (Sons of Ether - Master), Eve Haisten
(Verbena - Master), Suzanna Quintana (Order of Hermes
- Master), Ohren Brune (Order of Hermes - Master), Chon
Won (Akashic Brotherhood - Master)

Background: The cabal called the Eye of the Storm
was established in the 1400s. Its current members aggres-
sively take the fight to the Technocracy. All the members
of the cabal have lost a great deal in the war; they are now


dedicated to the destruction of the Technocracy. The Eye
of the Storm is loyal to the Chantry, and while it does not
wish to control Doissetep, neither has it chosen to support
another cabal's bid for leadership.

The Eye of the Storm is a very militant cabal. It spends
much of its time in the field and has brought down more
than one Technocracy outpost on its own. The cabal
members are true warriors with hearts of steel. They have
little use for spies, but they have many contacts. The cabal
spends almost no time at Doissetep. Its members are very
mysterious individuals, though their reputation for verac-
ity and ferocity precedes them.

The Eye of the Storm concentrates its efforts on
Iteration X and the New World Order. They have also
made long-term enemies out of an amalgam of Progenitors;
these genetic masters have proved especially difficult to kill
permanently.

Syed Pinckney

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Fanatic

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Computer 3,
Cosmology 3, Culture 4, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 4, Intimida-
tion 1, Intuition 2, Investigation 4, Law (Chantry law) 3,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 5, Meditation 2, Melee 2, Occult 4,
Research 4, Science 5, Stealth 1, Subterfuge 3, Technology 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 2, Avatar 4, Destiny 4,
Dream 1, Library 10

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 2, Forces 4, Life 4,
Mind 5, Matter 5, Prime 4, Spirit 5

Willpower: 6

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 10

Paradox: 10

Background: Dr. Pinckney was a surgeon and barber
in the mid-1800s. Dr. Pinckney's "experiments" attracted
the attention of a Son of Ether of Doissetep, who took the
young doctor under his wing and trained him in the ways of
the Tradition. Syed Pinckney learned the "alternate sci-
ence" of the Sons of Ether and began applying this knowledge
to his work. Eventually he gave up his practice and dedi-
cated himself solely to the study of his Tradition's magick.
He has acquired both great acclaim through his research
and great power through his efforts at Doissetep.

Dr. Pinckney's experiments often utilize unsuspecting
Sleepers recruited by his assistants. His labs have been
places of death, discovery and far worse. Dr. Pinckney's
latest field of study is that of psyche-reshaping. He is
developing devices that will allow him to reprogram the

beliefs and personality of his test subjects. He has already
been partially successful. He hopes to develop new emo-
tions never before experienced and then to use this
technology against the Technomancers. However, some
who know a little about these experiments fear Pinckney
will use his devices on Tradition mages. Even ifhe does not,
who is to say the Sons of Ether or Doissetep will not use it
against other Tradition mages? Worse yet, what if the
technology falls into the hands of the Technocracy or some
other enemy faction?

In addition to Pinckney's current research, he has also
taken a keen interest in the cavernous complexes that
riddle the Earth's crust. His rock-collecting hobby has led
to several encounters with Wyrm-things living below the
Earth, and Pinckney fanatically researches the nature of
the Wyrm. He often uses young mages to handle some of
these fact-finding missions into the Wyrm-tunnels for him.

Image: Dr. Pinckney has a scarecrow-like build. He
has short, straight black hair and brown eyes. He always
wears thick, black-framed glasses, as he has myopia. He
normally dresses in old-fashioned suits, but he tends to
dress in a button-up shirt, tie, slacks, and (often blood-
splattered) white lab coat while working. He moves around
a great deal when talking and has a nervous demeanor.

Hobgoblins: Dr. Pinckney's Hobgoblin is a 14-year-
old version of himself. The lusty little brat is going through
puberty and pesters every woman in the Chantry. Worse
yet, the Hobgoblin, which the staff has affectionately
begun to call "Woody," runs around the Chantry in the
nude (just like old Porthos). It constantly plays practical
jokes on people. Dr. Pinckney naturally feels very uncom-
fortable about "Woody," but he has thus far been unable to
get rid of it.

Roleplaying Notes: Dr. Pinckney is the stereotypical
mad scientist. He rants endlessly about his experiments. He

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 27


spends days on end without food or sleep while working on
his projects, and he takes failure miserably. While he
maintains his gentlemanly composure most of the time, he
is almost always excited and obsessed over some new
research or experiment.

Sanctum: Dr. Pinckney maintains a large abode on
one of the upper floors of the Chantry's main keep. The
place is almost always a mess, despite the efforts of brave
staff members who attempt to pick up after him. The place
is filled with countless gadgets, beakers, tubes, wires, name-
less appliances and tools. Half-eaten, days-old food lies on
the floor, and the only place even halfway organized and
clean is his bedroom, as he seldom uses it except for crash
space. There are three large containment machines built
into the sanctum, complete with large antennae protruding
from the side of the keep. These antennae occasionally
collect electricity elementals, which Dr. Pinckney uses to
fuel his experiments.

The Society of the Esoteric
Answer

Members: Virgil Endrina (Order of Hermes - Master),
Yu-Chian Chou (Akashic Brotherhood - Master), Katsuhiro
Kawamoto (Akashic Brotherhood - Master)

Backgrounds: The Society of the Esoteric Answer was
founded 20 years ago. Its purpose is to seek Ascension. It
does so through study and contemplation. In addition, the
cabal spends a great deal of time traveling everywhere it can
possibly go. Its members have survived many conflicts with
supernatural threats ranging from zombies and demons to
wraiths and werewolves.

The cabal controls many supernatural creatures and
uses them in its quest. The Society of the Esoteric Answer
does not desire power for power's own sake, but it does have
some influence among certain small groups of supernatural
creatures on Earth. The cabal primarily studies these other
beings and analyzes their magickal natures. The Esoteric
Answer is believed to be closely aligned with the Arcanum
and is said to share information with many of the latter's
leading members.

The cabal occasionally carries out missions for Doissetep
against the Nephandi and other creatures, but it confronts
the Technocracy only when it stands in the way of the quest
for Ascension.

Virgil Endrina
Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanor: Avant-Garde
Essence: Questing
Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

28 The Book of Chantries

Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Training 4, Athletics 4,
Awareness 2, Brawl 5, Cosmology 3, Dodge 3, Enigmas 5,
Etiquette 3, Falconry 3, Faerie Lore 4, History 4, Horse-
manship 5, Intimidation 2, Intuition 3, Investigation 1,
Leadership 4, Linguistics 5, Meditation 4, Melee 5, Occult 2,
Research 2, Subterfuge 3, Survival 3, Swordsmithing 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Arcane 5, Avatar 5, Destiny 4,
Dream 3, Influence 2, Library 9

Spheres: Forces 5, Life 3, Mind 2, Matter 4, Prime 3,
Spirit 5, Time 5

Willpower: 8

Arete: 7

Quintessence: 16

Paradox: 4

Background: Virgil Endrina was a knight of the Order
of Calatrava who, though he fought valiantly against the
Saracens, was accused of worshipping the Devil. Endrina
was innocent of the charges, but was tried by the Inquisi-
tion nonetheless. One of his fellow knights was a companion
to mages of Doissetep. In a daring attempt to rescue their
companion, the mages assaulted the trial and rescued their
friend, Endrina and three others.

The mages discovered that Endrina's potential for
magick was strong. They offered him an opportunity to
serve as a companion, which he accepted. He eventually
took it upon himself to learn the ways of magick from mages
who offered him their knowledge freely. He became a
masterless, self-trained Hermetic mage after 30 years of
study. One of his early successes was the development of a
longevity elixir, as he knew his research would take a long
time.

Endrina has remained a loyal member of Doissetep
since those days. He has a great deal of influence. This may
be because he has never become power-hungry like many


of the older mages. His interests include swordsmithing,
gleaned from his 100-year studies in Toledo and Kyoto. He
will make Talismans and even fetishes for those who
perform services for him. He keeps a number of horses and
enjoys training them. He is especially interested in study-
ing the fey and the Marauders. In fact, he is the unofficial
ambassador to both. For centuries he has sought a truce
with a certain group of Marauders, but has been unsuccess-
ful so far. He has, however, succeeded in using these
potential allies as pawns against enemies of the Chantry,
and has thereby won a place of respect and power in the
Chantry.

Image: Endrina is a man of brawny, large-chested build
with bronze skin. He has long, shiny black hair and he wears
one golden earring of the patriarchal cross (to represent his
continued belief in Catholicism despite his Arete and
experiences). He keeps his hair tied back witha red ribbon,
and commonly wears jeans, work boots, and a button-up
shirt. He looks more like a ranch hand than a wizard and
former knight. His powerful fetish sword, Latarigus, is
always with him, but it remains invisible in a pocket Realm
until he calls for it.

Roleplaying Notes: Endrina is a friendly, down-to-
earth fellow who would rather discuss horses than magick.
He is very masculine in a coarse way. He is friendly, but he
has learned to be suspicious of all newcomers until he
knows more about them. He is very moral and continues to
live by his knightly code of honor.

Sanctum: Endrina lives in a two-story stone building
attached to the main castle keep. The lower level serves as
his stables; the second floor is his home. He has magickally
prevented the stables' smells from penetrating his abode.
His sanctum includes a sword foundry, a laboratory, a large
bedroom, a private library, a den and a dining room. He
spends much of his time in his own sanctum or abroad.

The Crucible of Thig - The
Ruby Children

Members: David Kavannagh (Akashic Brotherhood -
Master), Sharad Osei (Order of Hermes - Master), Sarah
Rao (Order of Hermes - Adept), Ulice Scott (Dreamspeakers
- Master), Vanessa Rosser (Order of Hermes - Adept),
Malcom Sebaugh (Orphan - Adept), Altimeas Cowing
(Order of Hermes - Adept), Beulah Frith (Order of Hermes
- Adept), Teodora Maldonado (Verbena - Disciple),
Marvin Thigpin (Order of Hermes - Disciple)

Backgrounds: The Crucible of Thig was a mystery sect
founded in the early 1700s. The "C.o.T" grew into a large
society and still has its own Sleeper mystery sect. The
Crucible is based in Manchester, England, but has a few
chapters in the United States. Doissetep's cabal is one of
the three cabals composing the Crucible of Thig.

Doissetep's branch, the Ruby Children, maintains
several occult customs and practices. The cabal readily
accepts new members, though leaving the cabal is problem-

atic.... The cabal seeks Ascension through occult means,
though others feel they may be missing the point. Its
members seldom unite for any cause, and the cabal has its
own internal cliques and intrigue. Two of its members
made plans for gaining power, but they were quickly put
down by the Followers of Tytalus.

The members of the Ruby Children place loyalty to
their cabal over loyalty to the Chantry, but they have
always been willing servants of Doissetep. They have served
faithfully in many missions against the Technocracy. Most
of the members spend all their free time in study. The cabal
meets once per week. Once per full moon, they hold
mysterious ceremonies on Earth at one of the Nodes.

Altimeas Cowing

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Deviant

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 4, Athletics 2,
Awareness 5, Brawl 2, Computer 4, Cosmology 1, Dodge 3,
Enigmas 5, Expression (Poetry) 1, Intuition 5, Investiga-
tion 3, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Meditation 2, Melee 3,
Occult 4, Research 4, Science 2, Security 4, Stealth 5,
Subterfuge 5, Technology 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Avatar (variable: 4
when totally sane to 9 (!) when totally insane), Destiny 3,
Dream 3

Spheres: (Variable based on sanity. The more insane, the
more powerful.) Entropy 2-4, Forces 3-4, Life 2-4, Mind 3-4,
Prime 2, Spirit 2-4


Willpower: Variable (Insane — 8, Sane — 3)
Arete: Variable (Insane — 5, Sane — 3)
Quintessence: 14

Paradox: 6

Background: Poor Altimeas was never liked by the
other kids at school because he was so "different." Even his
teachers and parents knew something was wrong after they
discovered he had brought the remains of his dog, Snoodles,
to school with him to explain how he had tortured it to
death. The family began taking him to a psychiatrist, but it
did little good. After another year of morbid games and
psychotic episodes, he was put into a sanitarium to get the
help he really needed.

Altimeas' Avatar was accidentally awakened through
Technomancer shock treatments. Over the course of the
next three years he gained great control over his Avatar,
which was immensely powerful. His increasing control
over his magick was somehow linked to his sanity. As he
grew more sane, his power over his Avatar decreased. After
tiring of the asylum, he forced the doctors to release him.
His mother, father and baby brother had been killed in acar
wreck a year earlier (a result of one of Altimeas' more
unusual experiments in controlling spirits). Thus, with no
one to oppose his release, he walked out into an unsuspect-
ing world and began having a good time.

While traveling through Detroit, Altimeas rescued
one of Doissetep's mages, who had been captured by a New
World Order outpost that Altimeas had in turn been
terrorizing. Altimeas performed this seemingly altruistic
act out of curiosity about the Hermetic mage. After the
rescue, the mage offered Altimeas the chance to return to
Doissetep and become an apprentice. Altimeas agreed and
has remained there ever since.

Altimeas' insanity proved incurable, but somewhat
treatable. He is now in much greater control. However, he
has taken to raising rats and now believes himself to be an
agent of a being he calls the "Rat God." His orders are
supposedly relayed to him through his hundreds of pets.
Altimeas has never revealed this secret mission to anyone,
fearing he would be cast out of the Chantry or worse. He
spends much of his time in his room reading and studying
magick.

Image: Altimeas is a thin fellow in his teens. He is very
plain-looking, with short, medium-brown hair and brown
eyes. He dresses in jeans and a collared shirt. He is very soft-
spoken and shy. He isa recluse but he acts very normal. In
fact, few mages even notice his presence.

Roleplaying Notes: Altimeas is usually sane, though
still bizarre. He no longer reverts to his cruel and twisted
ways. He avoids most people, but those who attempt to
befriend him find him unswervingly loyal. Aside from his
belief that he is a minion of a rat deity, he is perfectly sane.

Sanctum: Altimeas lives in a small apartment in the
castle keep. It is very neat and organized, with most of the
conveniences of Earth. He also keeps his hundreds of pet

30. The Book of Chantries

rats here in cages. He allows no one into his sanctum,
regardless of how well he likes them or who they are.

The Golden Dragons

Members: Tomoyuki Hashimoto (Dreamspeakers -
Master), Kunio Ashida (Akashic Brotherhood - Master),
Shih Feng (Dreamspeakers - Adept), Karoe Hashiba (Ce-
lestial Chorus - Adept), Risaburo Kawamoto (Akashic
Brotherhood - Disciple), Tsun-Hsiung Kao (Virtual Adept
- Master)

Background: The cabal calling itself the Golden Drag-
ons was established nearly 200 years ago. The cabal was
originally based in Japan, but its members immigrated into
the United States in the 1870s. The cabal established its
own Squatter Chantry in New Jersey, but soon was offered
membership at Doissetep. The cabal accepted and now has
as its duty the protection of Sleepers from the Nephandi
and the Technocracy.

The mages of the Golden Dragon cabal decided to use
wealth as a means of accomplishing their task, and they
now control a number of major corporations in Japan and
a few in the United States. Several Syndicate-run compa-
nies, two Yakuza clans, and a mysterious company called
Pentex have crossed swords with this cabal. How the
Dragons have lived to tell of it remains a mystery.

The Golden Dragons are not interested in the politics
of Doissetep, but in their own success and the accomplish-
ment of their missions. The cabal is very loyal, though
competitive. Each cabal member is owner of a different
company. The members meet almost every morning at
Doissetep to discuss their agendas. They have recently met
with stiff resistance on the part of Pentex, which has
apparently infiltrated some of the Dragons' companies and
learned of the mages' involvement in them. The Golden
Dragons have discerned the supernatural nature of their
rival, and fear they may have already jeopardized the
security of Doissetep. They keep this very quiet.

Kunio Ashida

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Akashic Brotherhood

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Cha-
tisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 5,
Computer 3, Cosmology 2, Culture 4, Dodge 5, Enigmas 3,
Etiquette 5, Expression (flower arranging and tea cer-
emony) 5, Finance 5, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Intuition 5,
Investigation 3, Law 4, Leadership 4, Linguistics 5, Medi-
tation 5, Melee 5, Occult 3, Research 3, Science 2, Stealth 5,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Technology 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Avatar 5, Destiny 5,
Influence 5, Library 6

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 3, Forces 4, Life 4,
Mind 5, Matter 2, Prime 4, Spirit 1, Time 2

Willpower: 10

Arete: 7

Quintessence: 18

Paradox: 2

Background: Ashida is a former Zen Buddhist monk.
He was taken in the mid-1600s by mages of Doissetep and
trained in the ways of the Akashic Brotherhood. Since that
time, he has been a Japanese warlord, a vice-president and
spy within a Pentex-owned company, and a cult leader.
Ashida also represents the Chantry when it must deal with
the Yakuza and Gaki. Currently, Ashida is CEO of a
megacorporation dedicated to crushing the Syndicate and
annihilating Pentex.

Kunio Ashida is a powerful man with a keen under-
standing of both practical and spiritual matters. He spends
much of his time overseeing the operations of his company,
but he also makes time to study magick, Do, military
strategy, history, comparative religion and philosophy, and
criminal science.

Ashida has many allies and enemies among the Gaki
and Glass Walkers of Japan. He also controls his own cult
ring of Acolyte terrorists who carry out his every order and
prey on unsuspecting Pentex subsidiaries.

Image: Ashida is a slight, athletically built man in his
late 40s. He has black hair and amber eyes. He generally
dresses in expensive, custom-fitted suits. He moves with
grace and precision.

Roleplaying Notes: Ashida has an imposing presence
despite his size. He appears to be a very self-confident and
wise individual with a head for business. He is kind to all,
but he hates to be bothered and he has little time to waste
on trivialities.

Sanctum: Ashida maintains a small set of chambers
within the keep. It is decorated in a plain but elegant
traditional Japanese style. He does have an office set apart
from the apartment. This office is where he meets with
other members of the Chantry, particularly those of his
own cabal. The office is very Western and modern, filled
with fax machines, computers, and televisions broadcast-
ing 24-hour news channels at all hours of the day and night.

The Society of the Case-
Hardened Soul

Members: Mack Freeman (Order of Hermes - Adept),
Misako Hatanaka (Akashic Brotherhood - Adept), Felicia
Thomas (Sons of Ether - Disciple), Leroy Alderman (Ver-
bena - Adept), Jeffrey Jackson (Celestial Chorus - Adept)

Background: This cabal formed five years ago. All its
members have suffered personally at the hands of Iteration
X, and they now seek the Convention's destruction. Its
members are magickal terrorists and loose cannons, but
they get the job done. The cabal is very cohesive and

efficient, and most of its missions have been successful.

The cabal does not seek to control Doissetep, for its
members know they have no chance. They have consid-
ered starting their own Chantry, fearing that Doissetep's
masters are growing weary of their inability to follow orders
properly. This is ironic, for the cabal is more respected than
its members know; success reaps great rewards in Doissetep's
halls. Various rival factions seek the cabal's support. The
cabal currently leans toward the Bonasagi; the two groups'
goals are similar, and they have worked together on several
missions.

Mack Freeman

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Rebel

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 4,
Computer 2, Cosmology 3, Dodge 3, Drive 4, Enigmas 2,
Firearms 4, Intimidation 3, Intuition 2, Investigation 5,
Leadership 4, Meditation 2, Melee 4, Occult 2, Research 3,
Science 3, Stealth 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Survival 1,
Technology 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Avatar 3, Destiny 3,
Library 4

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 3, Forces 4, Life 4,
Mind 2, Matter 3, Prime 2

Willpower: 9

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 14

Paradox: 6

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 31


Background: Mack Freeman is a former insurance
salesman from Mason City, Illinois. He was taken in at the
age of 29 by a Hermetic mage of the Chantry. At that point,
Freeman was already Awakened and was being pursued by
the New World Order, which had kidnapped and murdered
his parents and sister. Freeman proved to be a good student.
He directed his anger into his studies, dreaming of the day
he could avenge the deaths of his loved ones.

Freeman belonged to the Crucible of Thig, but left it
to create the Case-Hardened Soul after discovering other
Orphans whose lives had been destroyed by the Technoc-
racy. He has since become a contact to the freedom-fighter
Sons of Ether in Metropolis2. He implacably destroys any
Technomancer activities he uncovers.

His personal interests include: becoming as magickally
powerful as he can, as fast as he can, in order to increase his
destructive capabilities; finding the secret of immortality;
accumulating worldly wealth; bodybuilding; and creating
reanimated servants to act as his own unthinking, unfeel-
ing shock troops. While Freeman has heretofore taken
little interest in the politics of Doissetep, eventually he
will. When he does, he will prove as ruthless as the other
power-seekers.

Image: Freeman is a burly man in his mid-30s. He has
medium-length, dark-brown hair and dark blue eyes. He
resembles a lumberjack more than a mage. He has a strong
voice and he visibly shows his emotions almost all the time.
When angry, he suffers froma permanent Paradox effect —
his eyes tend to glow and blue flashes of electricity jump
back and forth between his teeth. When wounded in this
state, bursts of energy blast forth from his wound and injure
whoever is closest to him.

Roleplaying Notes: Freeman chews tobacco and has a
habit of spitting it on things he does not like, including
people's feet (just like that famous outlaw). He is very

rough, but he is generally very friendly to new mages,
especially those who share his hatred of the Technocracy.
He is a very emotional individual, but he is also very
tenacious and dedicated, letting nothing stand in his way
for long.

Sanctum: He lives on the Furgeson Estate in upstate
New York, but he also maintains a sanctum at Doissetep.
The sanctum is very comfortable but lacks any real sense of
decor. He really does not have the ability to decorate
properly. His two well-trained Rotweillers, Sodom and
Gomorrah, serve as his friends, pets and guards. Gomorrah
is expecting puppies, and Freeman is looking for anybody
who would be interested in one.

Nodes of Doissetep

The following Nodes are not the only ones controlled
by Doissetep. However, each of these stands out because of
its great potency, and each requires special attention. The
Chantry controls at least 10 other Nodes, though they are
not described herein. The Storyteller can bring these into
the game as needed.

The Tain Burial Site: A special burial site near Tain,
Scotland not only serves as the crypt of several chieftains,
but also acts as a Node, providing Doissetep with.a massive
amount of Quintessence used to help fuel its existence in
the Shade Realm.

The burial site is located near a Black Spiral Dancer
(Wyrm-serving werewolf) labyrinth, which often causes
problems. The mages are often summoned by their guard-
ian spirit to help protect the Node from raiding Banes. The
guardian spirit is of power level five, but when the Banes
raid the Node, they do so quickly and in great numbers.

The mages wish to explore the Black Spiral Dancer
tunnel system, for they believe its depths contain other
beings besides Black Spirals. Some believe the ley lines
connected to the Node run deep into the earth, and that
another Node may lie far below. If there indeed is another
Node, it is surely powerful. Taking it and controlling it
would be a bitter task, but one that would reap great
rewards.

The Lake Monster Dens: The mages control several
lake dens still inhabited by a species of marine dinosaurs.
The power of the Node enabled the creatures to survive the
post-Cretaceous extinction. In fact, the dinosaurs, be-
lieved to be plesiosaurs, have evolved. They are now very
sentient and highly intelligent. They are capable of tele-
pathic communication with one another, and may be
capable of much more. The mages have protected the
creatures from discovery. In gratitude, the creatures often
gather information and provide it to visiting mages. They
occasionally have important information concerning su-
pernatural events and creatures in the oceans of the
Northern Hemisphere.


The Arms of Var: These monuments are very well
hidden in the Balkans. They are protected by three spirit
guardians (power level four). The monoliths are alien in
design, but one has a power usable by the mages; it can be
used to travel directly into the Deep Umbra, to any point
the user wishes. However, the power is one-way only, and
once in the Deep Umbra, it is often hard to get back home.

The monoliths are made of an unusual stone, which is
mottled with deep-green and red-brown swirling patterns.
The monuments resemble three large stone forearms at-
tached to the ground; their seven-fingered hands are raised
in the air as if about to clutch something. In fact, use of the
Umbral teleportation power requires the mage to sit in the
palm of one of the hands and concentrate. The other two
palms likely have similar powers, but no mage has ever been
brave enough to experiment.

The current conflict in the Balkans has threatened the
security of the Node, requiring the mages to station Sleeper
guards around it. However, the guards always disappear or
go insane. No one has been able to determine why. Some
mages suspect the Tremere, while others fear the work of
entities from the Deep Umbra.

The Manchester House: This haunted house outside
Manchester, England serves as a powerful Node site, but
not as an aspect of the Chantry. It was once haunted by
countless spirits, but all save the most ancient and powerful
of the ghosts have been exorcised from the place. Still, even
mages dislike staying here for long periods of time, and the
spirit guardian, Vasiglias, has begun disappearing for short
periods of time. The mages fear the spirit may be in league
with the ghosts of the Node, but they do not know why.

In addition, the house has been raided a number of
times. The mages have no idea who or what is behind the
raids. The spirit guardian recently had a struggle with a
small group of crazed vampires from the Malkavian clan.
Many mages believe that this Node is dedicated to insanity,
and the aforementioned incidents seem to bear this out.

The Waterfalls of Acajutla: The waterfalls outside
the town of Acajutla in El Salvador serve as Nodes to
Doissetep. The falls provide great amounts of Tass in the
form of water, which collects in natural crystal basins near
the bottom of the falls. The Tass is used by the mages for
their research.

Many Mokolé, werealligators, have taken up residence
nearby. These lycanthropes do not like the mages. They
have often sent their own spirits to attack the Chantry's
guardian, but the guardian has survived so far. The mages
must decide how to deal with this new threat. The mages
could attempt to eliminate the creatures, but they have no
idea how many there are. The mages would like to enlist
them as allies, but this too is dangerous.

Stonehenge: Doissetep controls Stonehenge, the third
most powerful Node on Earth. The stone ring may be a
tourist attraction, but its power is very real and very
necessary for the continued functioning of the Chantry. It


is protected by the Chantry's most powerful spirit guardian,
the Kurajal, an eccentric but loyal guardian (power level
eight). The Technocracy would like to usurp this Node or
at least use it to lead them to Doissetep, but they have yet
to succeed.

Stonehenge is closely tied to Luna and her children,
the fey. The Node is one means of entry into Arcadia, but
it has fallen into disuse, for the mages fear the Paradox
involved in such travel. Many faeries have a keen interest
in Stonehenge, and while they allow Doissetep to use it,
they still consider it their own.

The Caern of Black Clouds: This caern, located
somewhere in the mountains of Tennessee, belonged to the
Uktena tribe of the Garou. It was taken by Black Spiral
Dancers, who were in turn defeated by the mages of
Doissetep. The caern is now under the control of Doissetep,
and has been for the last 200 years. The mages have
maintained a low profile at the caern, but a Garou pack of
the Red Talon tribe wishes the caern's return. The caern is
made of large granite blocks that form a pattern of two
intersecting arrows. Around this are several unusually large
hardwoods.

In addition, many strange magickal creatures lurk in
the mountains. These range from bone-eating monsters to
Unseelie faeries to Sabbat vampires. The mages also be-
lieve a cabal or possibly even a Chantry of Progenitors
operates out of a nearby small town.

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept

Doissetep resides in the Shade Realm of Forces, a
powerful Realm indeed. The Shade Realm is connected to
the Shard Realm of Forces, but the Portal connecting the
two never remains in the same spot for long periods of time.

The mages of Doissetep have shaped the Shade Realm
toresemble Earth in some ways. At the center of the Realm,
surrounded by mountains of only slightly lesser majesty, lies
the largest mountain, which resembles Earth's Mount
Celidar. Doissetep sits atop Mount Celidar, dominating
the Realm.

The Shade Realm of Forces is a very valuable key to
ultimate understanding of the Forces Sphere. Were it to be
lost to the Technocracy or some other faction, most of the
Traditions' Forces magick would likely be rendered inert.

The Oracles of Forces are known to traverse the
Realm, through which they pass into the Shard Realm of
Forces. However, they are not known to visit Doissetep.

Doissetep is certainly in its Winter stage. Though it
retains great power, the Chantry is so rotten with intrigue
that it cannot last as it does for much longer. Sadly, the
Chantry's mages are blind to this fact.


Environment

All who enter the Realm feel like ants in the eye of a
storm. The power inherent to everything — rocks, dust,
trees, inhabitants — is overwhelming. Newcomers to the
Realm are certainly intimidated.

The land is superficially similar to Earth, with the
emphasis on superficially. The reddish-purple sky crackles
with sparks, meteors and particle-beam blasts. Impossibly
symmetrical mountains stretch across the entire Realm;
between are many forest-filled vales. Many of the plants
and animals resemble fractal structures of energy. Firepits,
active volcanoes and energy vortices puncture the land at
scattered intervals. The Realm is very rocky, and the soil in
most places is reddish-brown; it will occasionally surge
from the ground in a shower of exploding dirt. The forests
and other plant life often burn down, only to regrow at a
tremendous rate of speed. In some regions, vast plateaus of
dried, cracked earth loom against the sky. Huge, purplish-
black storm clouds frown overhead, and there is always a
thunderstorm (though usually without rain) somewhere in
the Realm. During thunderstorms, the celestial display
grows particularly fierce, and the ground is splintered by
lightning bolts, gravitic surges and magnetic pulses (all
electronic gear in the Chantry is tempest-hardened!). The
mages keep a close eye on the weather, and nobody goes out
when a storm comes near Doissetep.

Denizens of the Realm

Despite the hostile environment, the Realm contains
a number of indigenous lifeforms. Ballums (or "Sturm
Giants" as the mages call them), huge humanoids with
grayish-blue skin, glowing golden eyes, and long white
beards and hair, dwell at the tops of most mountains. They
are very territorial, and have tremendous control over
electricity and storms.

Other creatures include the Hirgujaks (or "Trolls" as
the mages refer to them). The Hirgujaks live deep in the
earth and control magnetic energies in metals. By such
processes, the Trolls fashion their own underground cities
of steel. These creatures are very powerful and very xeno-
phobic. Hirgujaks resemble large, stocky humans, but their
skin is black and they have no hair. Their eyes are ovoid,
they have large tusks, long black hair and tremendous
amounts of body hair. They wear beautiful silver armor of
great strength; this is mystically woven from monomolecu-
larmetal threads. They have a few outcasts, called the Kalu,
who live in stone huts and caves. The Kalu occasionally
indulge in cannibalism.

There are also the Vaskha (or "Forest-people," as some
mages refer to them), who live in stone and wooden
buildings of their own construction. They are ugly human-
oid creatures with pale skin and chubby human facial
features. They have their own language and cultures, and
there are many clans of them across the Realm. They hunt
theRealm's beasts and serve asslave labor for some Hirgujaks.

A small number serve the Chantry as Realm guides. They
are especially proficient with bows and wide-bladed scimi-
tars.

The Realms contains several small animals, including
deer, rabbits, squirrels, porcupines and bears. These ani-
mals have learned to live in caves in order to avoid
elementals. Certain beasts have mastered the Forces magick
of the Realm; these creatures include small snake-like
beings that fly by reversing the gravitic field, and spiders
that generate protective electrical fields to guard them-
selves from outside energies.

Inaddition to the living creatures of the Realm, energy
elemental spirits are prevalent. Almostall energy elementals
pass through this Realm from the Shard Realm of Forces.
The Shade Realm is filled with swarms of energy elementals.
Fire elementals tend to gather in the volcanic region of the
Realm, while the electricity elementals gather on the huge,
barren plains. Kinetic elementals, resembling collections
of glowing black particles, often gather in valleys among
themselves; these cause occasional earthquakes, which can
be felt over the entire Realm. Gravity spirits flutter about,
generally staying high in the air. These elementals re-
semble swirling vortices of dust and debris (which are
attracted to the invisible spirit). They usually have small
objects orbiting about them. Electromagnetic spirits often
go unnoticed, as they tend to play in the upper reaches of
the Realm's atmosphere. Those that are visible usually
resemble balls of light.

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Correspondence -2, Forces +4, Life +2,
Matter -1, Mind +1, Prime +2

Chantry Description

Doissetep has four earthly manifestations of itself,
though none resembles its appearance in the Shade Realm.
The four locations provide Doissetep with nearly instanta-
neous access to many parts of the world.

Doissetep Castle: Doissetep proper resembles a
Herculean fortress of black stone seated upon the top of the
highest mountain in the Realm. Additional levels, wings,
etc. have been constructed over time; Doissetep is now an
architectural potpourri ranging from ancient, thick, squat
buildings to lofty Gothic flying buttresses. The castle is a
mile in diameter at its widest point, and towers 30 stories
high.

The castle is very formidable and always under guard
by the Chantry's well-trained army. In addition, the castle
has a number of special weapons. The area outside the
castle is filled with huge lightning rods to attract the
dangerous amounts of lightning generated by the terrible
storms of the Realm.

The castle's interior is darkly lit by small electromag-
netic elementals bound into round wire cages with mystical
seals on them. These cages and the elementals vary in size

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 35


based on the size of the room. The stone hallways are lit by
a breadbox-sized elemental cage every 40 feet, while some
of the largest chambers are lit by elemental cages nearly as
large as a human. The elementals may be commanded to
vary their level of illumination from none to that of full
daylight. They have been rendered incapable of communi-
cation, to protect the privacy of the Chantry's inhabitants.

The castle is filled with countless catacombs and
chambers, not to mention innumerable secret passageways.
The buildings all connect; inhabitants may reach any point
in the Chantry without ever seeing the light of "day." The
private chambers vary, though most public areas have a
strong medieval ambience to them, even the computer
rooms and meteorological tracking rooms.

The Chantry has its own indoor garden, which is filled
with many exotic plants and creatures. It is tended by some
of the Verbena mages. The garden serves not only as a
source for magickal accouterments, but as a place for
relaxation. Nearby is an indoor hangar for the cloudships of
the Chantry.

Below the castle and inside the mountain are hundreds
of twisting, turning tunnels that lead to various chambers
and, at their lowest point, to the Gateway. The Gateway is
a large, well-lit, dome-shaped chamber of purest gold. The
chamber has 60 doors along the walls, none of which are
labeled. The doors lead to various Realms, earthly sites, the
Chimerae and the Umbre. However, the special Portals
leading to the various Chantry manifestations on Earth are
not located in the Gateway; these are instead located in the
upper portion of the castle.

The Delono House: This manifestation of the Chantry
is located in Boston. It is a large, two-story mansion of
wood, surrounded by a low stone wall. It is located in one
of the wealthier neighborhoods, but the neighbors know
very little about the mages or all their strange guests. The
place serves as the home of the Jhonisett (see below), and
as an outpost for the Chantry. It isan old house, but it is well
kept and has all the modern conveniences. The Chantry
has a huge garage in which 10 automobiles are kept,
including the Jhonisett's six, two expensive sports cars, a
van and a jeep. The underground area features laboratories
and a hidden armory. There is even a holding cell in the
basement.

Fulroony Manor: This large, three-story manor house
is located on the outskirts of Manchester, England. The
estate is serves as the earthly home to the Crucible of Thig.
Several smaller individual homes are located on the prop-
erty. The manor house is stockpiled with all sorts of weapons.
There are usually 15 or more cars on the estate, in addition
to a private helicopter.

Castigao's: In Toledo, Spain there is an entire build-
ing serving as an earthly Chantry for Doissetep. An antique
store in the front serves as a facade (figuratively and
literally). The building is located in downtown Toledo; it
is three stories high, very large and very old. The Followers

36 The Book of Chantries

of Tytalus call this Chantry manifestation their home. It
also has a large amount of weapons and all necessary
equipment, though there are only two cars.

Purpose

Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle
and quick to anger.

—Gandalf, from J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings

Doissetep has many purposes, for each cabal now seeks
touse the Chantry for its own personal goals. However, the
true goal established by the rewritten covenant of Doissetep
is: to provide all Traditions and all mages of the Traditions
with a bastion of safety from the Technocracy, and to lead
the fight against the Technocracy in an attempt to bring
about the Ascension of humankind. However, no details of
Ascension are given, so even if Doissetep were to succeed
against the Technocracy, the various cabals would no
doubt come to blows thereafter.

History

Doissetep was founded before recorded history. Some
claim the Pure Ones founded the Chantry, but most con-
sider this wishful thinking or outright lying. The Chantry
originated in Southeast Asia, in what would today be
Thailand. The Chantry was home to a sorcerer-king called
Kwa Hu, and some say this king still exists as an Oracle of
Forces.

The Chantry survived war, plagues and peasant upris-
ings. By the fourth century it was a center for magickal
learning. By the eighth century, however, it had suc-
cumbed to internal dissension. It was taken over by usurper
mages. The Chantry was then magickally moved to Tur-
key. By the ninth century, it was overtaken by mages from
what would become the Order of Hermes. It was again
moved, this time to Spain.

During the Mythic Age, the Chantry served as a strong
center of power for the order. However, with the rise of the
Technomancers, Doissetep became a primary target. Even-
tually, its earthly manifestation was destroyed, and the
mages vowed to keep its remnants well hidden in the Shade
Realm of Forces, where it would be safe.

The war with the Technocracy eventually required
the Order of Hermes to end its xenophobic practices and
embrace the Verbena and Akashic Brotherhood as mem-
bers. Soon, the mages established earthly manifestations
for Doissetep, though these aspects continually change as
the Pogrom finds and destroys them.

Now the Chantry stands on the edge of a new millen-
nium, and the old leaders are dying. Doissetep's mages must
make the right choices (and survive them) if they are to
reach Ascension. However, corruption and intrigue eat at
the very heart of the Chantry. Power, not Ascension, is
what most seek.


Chantry Inhabitants

Doissetep proper retains over 400 servants, though the
earthly manifestations have only a few servants each. Most
of the servants are descendants of former mages, Acolytes
and servants. The servants know the Chantry like the
backs of their own hands. Most know far more than they
reveal, and usually more than the mages themselves know
about the place.

Each servant has his own personal duties. There are
shifts, holidays, days off, etc., much like any other job. The
servants are well provided for, and they may have any
material items they wish, as long as their requests are not
too greedy, ridiculous or detrimental to security. The mages

treat the servants with great respect, and the servants are in
turn humble and very respectful of the mages. They fear the
Jhonisett, the Chantry's secret police, and avoid them
whenever possible. Few of the people of the Chantry ever
go to Earth, and even fewer actually travel the Realm save
via cloudship.

Many of the servants have aligned themselves to
various cabals. They provide secrets to the cabals in ex-
change for special services or gifts. Loyalties aside, most of
the servants retain a few select bits of data in case of
emergency.

The Chantry has two sets of special servants: the
Vantikor, the Doissetep stormtroopers; and the Jhonisett,
the Doissetep internal police and special agents. The

ntikor serve the mages by defending the Chantry, deal-
ing with all unwelcome visitors and acting as shock troops
during attacks on Constructs or Technomancer units.
They number 200 men and women, subdivided into divi-
sions of 50 and units of 10. They man the cloudships and
patrol the Realm.

The Jhonisett are far more insidious. The secret police
numbers around 50. The Jhonisett have the power to arrest
en the mages, and to bring them
before the Chantry judges for trial. The Jhonisett perform

anyone in the Chantry

reconnaissance, advanced scouting and espionage mis-
sions. They are also used for kidnapping individuals and for
assassinations.

It has been pointed out more than once that these
groups seem uncomfortably similar to the Technomancer
While many in
alus and Glass Eye
cabals argue that such measures are necessary for the
Chantry's

organizations that Doissetep so despises.

the Chantry agree, the Bonisagus, Ty:

security. Retorts that similar arguments have
been used to justify the Technocracy's own methods have
fallen on deaf ears.

Internal Structure and
Relations

Doissetep is filled to the brim with deceit and trickery,
as already stated. However, on the surface, the Chantry
appears to be a most congenial place. The Doissetep Panel

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 37


of Deacons wields all the power, and most of the Deacons
are members of the Drua'shi. These mages could provide
even better leadership if not for their fear of the other
cabals. As it is, they lead the Chantry into unnecessary
conflicts just to keep the other mages occupied. Still, they
have been very successful overall.

The Chantry's covenant was rewritten 200 years ago,
but it is still filled with volumes of precedents and bylaws.
There are even a few servants who do nothing but study
Chantry law. They serve as barristers and judges for all
cases, most of which concern other servants. However,
they do hear cases against mages, and they are protected by
the Jhonisett from retribution.

External Relations

Doissetep serves as the preeminent Chantry of the
Traditions. The Chantry has led the way in maintaining
relations among the various Traditions, proving how effec-
tive their combined efforts may be. The Chantry serves as
a symbol of the Traditions' united efforts against the
Technocracy, and while other Tradition Chantries may
not like or even trust the mages of Doissetep, they still take
pride in the power the Chantry represents.

Status and Reputation

Doissetep's internal plotting has not gone unnoticed.
While the mages are very subtle in their efforts, rumors

concerning the various cabals abound. This has led to

mistrust and fear of Doissetep by other Tradition mages,
who fear Doissetep uses everyone and everything. Still,
Doissetep must be called upon in times of dire need, and it
serves as the symbol of the Traditions' efforts in the Ascen-
sion War.

Status: 5

Reputation: 2

Policy Regarding Outsiders

The Panel of Deacons has ruled that no one is to be
brought to the Shade Realm from the outside. All outsiders
must be dealt with somewhere else. Even those seeking
initiation into the Chantry must complete everything on
Earth save their initiation rituals. The Chantry fears the
Technocracy will learn the location of the Realm and
attempt to besiege it.

Rogue cabals are never openly used, though some are
covertly used by various mages for carrying out personal
missions. Orphans are not allowed into the Realm unless
they prove themselves loyal and undergo the initiation just

like everyone else. Those who would serve as good Acolytes

are put through their own initiation; successful "pledges"
become members of the Order of Questari, which is similar
toacabal. It has its own rites, secrets, initiations, rights and
duties. Only those who have proved themselves loyal are
allowed to join. This usually involves a deep telepathic
probe by the mages.


Allies and Enemies

Cataloguing Doissetep's multitude of friends and foes
would be an insurmountable task. Each of the cabals has
ties, both good and ill, to Sleeper agencies, supernatural
beings, Umbrood powers, and other mages of all factions,
and each uses those ties with a liberal hand.

The Technocracy, Marauders and Nephandi would
love to see the Chantry obliterated, but lack the power to
do it themselves. Each group, however, has agents within
Doissetep, hoping one day to see the Chantry fall under the
weight of its own intrigue. Many independent supernatural
agencies strive to manipulate this stronghold for their own
purposes. Nearly everyone who knows of Doissetep's exist-
ence wants a stake in its future (or ensure that it has
none...).

Research Capacities

Doissetep is a center of magickal learning. It has no
known rivals, though there may be some as yet unknown.
The Chantry prides itself on the freedom it allows its
members in their research. The mages are allowed to do as
they please in the Realm, as they are incapable of doing any
permanent harm to the Realm. Particularly dangerous
experiments, however, are handled at distant locations in
temporary laboratory bases constructed by the Vantikor
and certain servants.

Most of the mages at Doissetep have apprentice
Despite the great amount of time and secrets a mage and his
apprentice share, Mentors seldom encourage their appren-
tices to join their cabal. Apprentices go to school 10 hours
aday and perform certain chores each day for the Chantry
and for their masters. The apprenticeship program at

Doissetep is very tough and those who do not "pass" either
have their memories erased and are turned loose on Earth,
or become servants of the Chantry. The students must
survive many trials put to them, especially by the Followers
of Tytalus.

The arcane library of Doissetep is possibly the largest
in existence (though some claim the Ancestral Chantries
and some College Chantries have larger ones), and the
Chantry takes pride in it. There are actually several librar-
ies, one for each Sphere and two others covering various
unclassified magick. Access to each Sphere's library is
limited to the rank the mage has demonstrated himself
capable of using. Thus, a mage must know a Sphere before
he can study it, and he must already know it at the level he
wishes to study. Centuries ago, one mage accidentally
burned down half the Chantry's library because he was
studying something he did not comprehend (this is also
why there are now separate libraries).

In addition to the arcane library, the Chantry has one
massive mundane library filling an entire three-story build-
ing. AllChantry inhabitants have free access to this library.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 39


Doissetep stepped into the computer age shortly after
it accepted the Virtual Adepts as members. The Virtual
Adepts of the Chantry have built a tremendously powerful
computer linked to a great number of networks. The
Adepts have also built slightly less powerful versions for
each of the Chantry's earthly aspects.

Stories

The only thing worse than a senile old mage is aChantry full
of senile old mages!

— Dr. Volcano, Virtual Adepts

The theme of Doissetep stories is corruption. Many of
the mages there are centuries old, riddled with hubris, and
nearly insane. The resonance between the Shard Realm
and the mages' own power lust has eroded lofty aspirations
into a mad quest for power.

Doissetep's general mood is one of foreboding. The
very air crackles with power and menace. The Chantry is a
big gun in the Ascension War, but this gun is a loose
cannon that could crush anyone in the wrong place at the
wrong time.

Story Ideas for Doissetep

1. A war for control erupts among the various cabals.
The player characters must choose a side or all will turn
against them. In addition, both Marauders and Nephandi
choose this moment to attack. Could it be that some of
Doissetep's mages have allies among these two enemy

factions?

2. Terrible energy storms and powerful, insane
elementals force the mages to move Doissetep to a safer
location, but where? The trouble is being caused by a
powerful, Celestine-like being, which was accidentally
summoned from the Shard Realm of Forces.

3. The Crucible of Thig is suspected of sacrificing
innocent Sleepers to increase its power. Is this true? If not,
from where is the cabal's newfound power coming? Will the
player characters join the Crucible in order to acquire the
"free" magickal power, or will they become the next vic-
tims?

4. The remaining Drua'shi Deacons die. Caeron Mustai
or others of influence back the player characters as new
Deacons. How will the characters handle their newfound
political power? Are they really in control? What do their
masters want? How must they repay their supporters for this
great honor? Will the characters survive the assassination
attempts? Worse yet, how will they prove their innocence
when it is learned that the Drua'shi Deacons were mur-
dered?

5. The player characters discover a spy in the Chantry.
The traitor is a mage of great power and has planted an
energy elemental "bomb" ina heavily populated area. If the
characters do notassist him in his schemes, he threatens, he
will "detonate" the device and hundreds of innocents will
die. Do the characters betray the Chantry to save innocent
lives, or is their loyalty to the Chantry more important?


Esot
Answe

Janissariecs

Dangerous Rivals

Your Secret Allies

Case-Hardened
Soul

Followers of
Tytak

Suicide Squads e A Conspiratorial Trust

Doissetep
Cabal Politics


The House of Helekar:
Chantry of the Forbidden Lands

Cruelty has a human heart,
And Jealousy a human face;

Terror, the human form divine,

And Secrecy, the human dress.
— William Blake, "A Divine Image"

Within the Euthanatos, there is a subcult
known as the Consanguinity of Eternal Joy.
Throughout the Tradition's long history, the
Consanguinity has served as an independent
sect of assassins, killing anyone who posed
what the cabal saw as a threat to the good of
the Euthanatos. These Euthanatos have al-
7 ways proved totally loyal to the Tradition,
but they are secretive. Many wonder if the
Consanguinity has ulterior plans of its own.

The true depths of this subcult would make most
Euthanatos shudder. Voormas, the Master of this faction,
has lost sight of the Euthanatos ideal. Instead, he leads a
collection of cold killers whose "Ascension" has less to do
with recycling souls than with the "Eternal Joy" of simple
murder.

The House of Helekar, for all its great age, has sus-
tained itself in a long Summer period. The popularity of
murder and genocide in the modern world encourages the
cruelty of the Chantry.

Cabals

The Consanguinity of Eternal Joy is composed of three
cabals and a dictator who belongs to none of the cabals.
While the names, nationalities and methods have changed,
the cabals' motives remain the same. These mages are
penultimate fanatics ready to die and kill at a single word
from their leader's lips.

The Grand Harvester

The Chantry is dominated by one figure, the Grand
Harvester of Souls. His name is Voormas and he is very,
very wicked. Voormas is the dictator of the Chantry and
claims to be in contact with the Oracles of Entropy. In fact,
he does venture into the Shard Realm of Entropy and
returns bearing "orders." Other strange human figures are
seen entering the Shard Realm, though none of the mages
have approached them, fearing it would be an insult to the
Oracles.

Voormas is a master death-dealer and the sole author-
ity among the 13 mages of the House of Helekar. All the

42 The Book of Chantries

cabals answer to him. Though he gives them missions, he
does not stand over them. The mages are allowed a great
deal of freedom, for they would not abuse it, nor would they
make mistakes. They know the punishments for such
stupidity are swift and merciless.

Voormas, the Grand Harvester
of Souls, Master of the Realm

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Fanatic/Deviant

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Euthanatos

Attributes: Strength 1 (6), Dexterity 1 (5), Stamina 2 (5),
Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 1 (0), Perception 6,
Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 6, Brawl 5, Cosmol-
ogy 4, Culture 6, Dodge 2, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 1,
Intimidation 6, Intuition 5, Investigation 5, Leadership 5,
Linguistics 6, Medicine 6, Meditation 6, Melee 6, Occult 6,
Research 4, Stealth 5, Subterfuge 4, Torture 6

Backgrounds: Allies 10, Arcane 7, Avatar 8, Destiny 6,
Dream 3, Influence 3, Library 17, Mentor 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 6, Forces 4, Life 5,
Mind 4, Matter 3, Prime 3, Spirit 5, Time 5

Willpower: 10

Arete: 7

Quintessence: 19

Paradox: 0

Background: Voormas was once a Thuggee priest and
spent most of his early life killing for his Euthanatos
masters. He passed through the various ranks, learning
more and more Euthanatos truths along the way. By the
time he reached the innermost body of the sect, he was a
Euthanatos mage. He had given up the ways of life for the
ways of death.

The young Thuggee's acceptance into the ranks of the
Euthanatos was accompanied by membership in the House
of Helekar. He continually provided more and more of the
chosen with the "Good Death" and over the centuries he
acquired fear, respect, trust and power. Finally, in 1709,


Voormas was named the next Grand Harvester of Souls. In
an elaborate ceremony, Voormas slew the old mage who
held the title, and assumed the mantle of his own accord.
Since that time, Voormas' name has been synonymous
with death and fanaticism.

Voormas is now a Postulate hoping to gain acceptance
into the ranks of the Oracles of Entropy. However, unbe-
knownst to him, the beings he believes to be the Oracles of
Entropy are not the Oracles. They are indeed mighty
spirits, but they are aligned to the Wyrm, though they are
not Nephandi.

Voormas has few personal interests save morbidity. He
spends a great deal of time meditating, studying magick,
traveling about the Shard Realm "testing himself," scrying
on potential threats to the Euthanatos, and directing the
mages of the Chantry. Occasionally he handles an assassi-
nation himself if the target is worthy or powerful.

Image: Voormas looks like a bony, dark-skinned man
of at least 100. He is nearly bald. He dresses in black, dark
brown, or white robes, and he hobbles along on a sturdy
cane made of solidly joined human vertebrae with a child's
skull at the top. He shows an evil, near-toothless smile
whenever plotting something.

When he engages in physical combat, Voormas uses a
Life effect to assume the form of a giant, black-skinned,
multi-armed demon —an aspect of the goddess Kali. When
he assumes this form, his Physical Attributes increase to the
levels in parentheses, though his Appearance drops to zero.

Roleplaying Notes: To most, Voormas would seem to
be totally insane. This may or may not be true, but it is
undeniable that he is brilliant, paranoid and evil. Voormas
hopes more than anything else to be accepted into the
ranks of the Oracles of Entropy before it comes time for his
own "Good Death." No one knows it, and it is doubtful he
knows it consciously, but Voormas fears his own death.

Sanctum: Voormas' sanctum comprises one entire
"arm" of the Chantry, which appears to be a tower. The
tower is dark, gloomy and filled with implements of death
and destruction. Anyone who enters the place feels an
overwhelming sense of impending doom.

The Abyssians

Members: Ulku Baydar (Euthanatos), Eugene Clemens
(Euthanatos), Serge Pajak (Euthanatos), Joseph Russo
(Euthanatos)

Background: This cabal was founded in India centu-
ries ago as a Thuggee sect. The name has changed as
language evolved, but it has always meant "those who sit
over the vast pit of nothingness." The Abyssians quickly
climbed the Chantry's ranks and soon became the top
cabal.

The Abyssians are the brains behind the Chantry and
carry out all the extortion and spying. They collect and
examine information, and determine what needs to be
done and who needs to be killed next. They report their
findings to the Grand Harvester, who has final say. While
the cabal members are trained assassins, they do not usually
perform the actual physical slayings.

Friends of the Soul

Members: Jorge Salbon (Euthanatos), Fleta Natrajan
(Euthanatos), Richard Somnitz (Euthanatos), Rosa
Zlonstreth (Euthanatos)

Background: The Friends of the Soul are the mages
who seek out those who deserve the Good Death. They
have more leeway in how they conduct their missions than
does the Freedom Razor (below). These mages perform
most of the long-term missions for the Chantry.

Richard Somnitz

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Judge

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Euthanatos

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 4,
Computer 1, Cosmology 2, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Enigmas 2,
Etiquette 5, Firearms 2, Intuition 4, Investigation 4, Law
(U.S. criminal) 5, Medicine 1, Meditation 2, Melee 5,
Occult 1, Research 2, Stealth 5, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Avatar 2, Destiny 3,
Dream 3

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 3, Forces 1, Life 3,
Mind 3, Matter 2

Willpower: 10

Arete: 3

Quintessence: 14

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 43


Paradox: 6
Background: Richard Somnitz was an all-American
boy. He was not an abused child and his home life was the
best any middle-class suburban white kid could hope for.
He was a star quarterback and king of the homecoming
dance. He went to an Ivy League university and made
better-than-average grades. He seems kind, gentle, level-
headed, and honest, which makes one wonder: why is
Richard Somnitz a serial killer?

Somnitz took up what he affectionately calls "the
hobby" when he was a senior in high school. He had a
knack for choosing the right girl to butcher and the intel-
ligence and luck to do so without getting caught. Richard
found murder to be a thrill larger than anything mundane
life could give him. He felt as if he were a cold and merciless
god who could destroy anyone without reason. It made him
feel good.

He murdered twice while in college, but after graduat-
ing and taking a job as a lawyer he began killing far more
often. In all, he claims to have murdered over 90 people,
and to have done so without any sense of remorse or
pleasure, only cold satisfaction. He generally preyed on
widows and young girls, but old men, boys and babies were
also chosen.

His affinity with murder drew the attention of Ulku
Baydar, a member of the House of Helekar. He tested
Somnitz and, after finding him worthy, offered him an
apprenticeship, which he readily accepted. Somnitz had
never believed in the supernatural, but he did believe in
death, and this man offered him the chance to take far more
lives than he could through his current modus operandi.

Somnitz is now a fanatical killer who obeys the will of
the Grand Harvester without question. His only interests,
other than killing people, are raising exotic birds and
meeting other mages.

Image: Somnitz is an attractive man of average height
and build. He has short black hair and brown eyes. He
dresses to fit the occasion, but he has two basic looks. The
first is that of a nerdy recluse. He dresses in plain, drab
clothing, and his attire usually include glasses and a pocket
protector. His other look is that of a Blood Doll, and this is
his more comfortable and common attire. He carries no
guns except when absolutely necessary, relying instead on
a large hunting knife honed to a razor's edge.

Roleplaying Notes: Somnitz is totally insane, but his
charm and apparent innocence can be very deceptive. He
has no real friends and he does not care to have any. He
respects those who "understand" what it is to take human.
life. He is very brave, but he is cautious and never kills
rashly or allows his trail to be known. He is a cold, rational
killer.

Sanctum: Somnitz has a small, three-room sanctum.
filled with lots of items he has collected over the years. He
is meticulously neat and clean, and he lets few people inside
the sanctum. He keeps a number of exotic birds. One very
unusual feature is that he keeps one fingerbone from each
of his kills. He has mounted them on a number of large
boards; the date and place are written below each bone, as
are the name, age and occupation of the victim, if known.

The Freedom Razor

Members: Ayman Loutfi (Euthanatos), Virginia
Adams (Euthanatos), Shelton Bruntee (Euthanatos),
Theora Hetirck (Euthanatos)

Background: The Freedom Razor is charged with the
task of handling most standard assassinations for the
Chantry. The cabal is made up of the youngest of the
Consanguinity's members. What they lack in experience
they more than make up for in fanaticism. The cabal was
originally founded in Persia in the 800s as a Euthanatos
assassins' cult. The cult joined the Consanguinity shortly
after the latter's formation. While the names and faces
have changed, the cabal still upholds many of its old
customs and ceremonies, vile though they may be.

Theora Hetirck

Nature: Bon Vivant

Demeanor: Conformist

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Euthanatos

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 5,
Computer 2, Cosmology 2, Dodge 3, Drive 1, Enigmas 3,
Etiquette 3, Expression 3, Firearms 4, Intimidation 2,
Intuition 5, Investigation 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2,
Meditation 4, Melee 5, Occult 1, Research 3, Stealth 5,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3


Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Avatar 4, Destiny 5,
Dream 1

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 3, Forces 1, Life 3,
Mind 2, Prime 2

Willpower: 5

Arete: 3

Quintessence: 17

Paradox: 3

Background: Theora Hetirck was born into a family of
morticians, and appeared to be an otherwise "normal"
child. However, she was not. Her Avatar was Awakened at
an early age by a mage who had died. While working on the
mage's body, Theora somehow "reanimated" the mage,
though he was in a delusional state. The talking and
walking corpse awoke the Avatar in the girl. The corpse
also gave her a ring that allowed her to see the spirits of the
dead. Then it stumbled out of the mortuary and was
smashed to pieces while trying to cross the busy highway in
front.

Theora never told a soul about the experience. It
proved to be the start of her journey into the world of death.
She developed enough power to animate the corpses in the
mortuary, with whom she would dance, sing and play all
sorts of perverse and childish games when no other living
soul was around. One day her father caught her and thought
her possessed by a demon. He dragged Theora into the back
room and tried to beat her. Ina fit of terror for her very life,
she picked up a scalpel and slit his throat. She could not
believe what she had done. She left the mortuary and never
returned home.

She wandered aimlessly for over a year before her
presence was sensed by Voormas. She has served Voormas
faithfully ever since, though she dreams of escaping. Her
interests include studying vampires, playing the flute, and
performing assassinations for Voormas.

Image: Hetirck is an attractive woman in her mid-20s.
She has a slender build, medium-length, dark-brown hair,
and bright brown eyes. She dresses mostly in black, as that
is what is most commonly worn in the Chantry. On Earth,
however, she tends to dress in colorful dresses.

Roleplaying Notes: Hetirck is a frightened, innocent
and slightly crazy young lady in a no-win situation. She
would do anything to be free of her responsibilities to the
Chantry and live a "normal" life. She is jovial and friendly,
but she performs her work with solemnity and the precision
of a seasoned assassin.

Sanctum: Hetirck spends as much time as she can on
Earth at the Miami house of the Chantry. She has a nice,
cozy, five-room sanctum filled with the comforts of modern
life. Her tastes are not as morbid as one might think; the
place is filled with comfortable, modern furniture, and
there are even pictures of her family.

Nodes of the House of
Helekar

Dachau Death Camp: This despicable place of human
atrocity now serves the Chantry as a place of magickal
power. The disgusting energy of the death camp is very
great, and no other Tradition (or Convention) would
employ such a place as a Node.

Rothchild's Wax Museum: The Euthanatos built this
wax museum in Winchester, England over the Node site
where an ancient temple once stood. The wax museum is
used to embalm and coat in wax the bodies of those who
have been given the Good Death. The bodies are altered to
look like famous historical figures. Some actually are fa-
mous historical figures.

The Obelisk to Thanatos: This Node is located in
Jordan and kept well hidden by faithful members of the
cult. It is a large, bluish-black, rectangular marble column
standing 30 feet high. It is adorned with carvings and has
a stone door. Anyone who steps into the small black
chamber behind the door and closes it will receive a vision.
The vision is that of someone's death. Often it is the
person's own death; at other times it is that of someone /
whom the person must kill to accomplish his personal
goals. The death scene is enacted before the mage's eyes, as
if it were an illusion. In fact, if the mage actually commits
the murder, he often feels as ifhe is being watched (possibly
by himself from another time and place).

The Necropolis of Burjhi: This Node is located in
India below the streets of Old Delhi. The necropolis is
accessible only through a special entrance located under an
old building. The entrance tunnel leads into a maze filled
with all sorts of deadly traps.

The Necropolis of Burjhi is a huge underground city
filled with strange creatures who feast on the ancient bones
ofa former civilization. The creatures also hunt and eat one
another. These creatures, called Crypt-fiends, are

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 45


gargoylelike humanoids with skin ranging from moldy
gray-green to dusty-brown to greasy black. The creatures'
glowing red eyes allow them to see in absolute darkness.

Besides the Crypt-fiends, the necropolis is filled with
countless streets, buildings and bridges. There is a dark lake
of brackish water near the middle of the necropolis; who
knows what lives in it?

The Monkey's Heart: This Node isa gigantic red rock
in the shape of a monkey's heart. The Node is located in
present-day Cameroon, Africa. The Node holds great pow-
ers for those who know how to use them. If the correct ritual

is known, a body placed at the foot of the Monkey's Heart

may be brought back to life. The victim will suffer any
ailments he had at the time of death, and will most likely
have rigor mortis, which must be cured through magick. If
the body has been embalmed, the victim becomes an
animated, zombielike corpse.

The Nameless Pit: This former Black Spiral Dancer

ithanatos nearly 40 years

It is located in northern Kentucky. Its upper levels resemble

caern was captured by the

ahuge cave complex, but once the lower levels are reached,
the tunnels become more uniform. A ward put in place by
the mages protects the place from the minions of the
Wyrm. This alone prevents it from being overrun by
Wyrm-things from the lower depths, or from being haunted
by the slain Black Spirals, whose spirits are now trapped in
caverns below the actual Pit.

46 The Book of Chantries

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept

The Horizon Realm, knownas the Forbidden Lands, is
one giant graveyard — a maze of mausoleums, catacombs,
wrought-iron fences, monuments, vaults, barrows and crypts.
The place is very spooky and very dangerous. Strange
undead creatures and scavengers prowl the cemetery, eat-
ing whatever they find.

The Realm has taken on the warped demeanor of
Voormas himself, possibly fed by the evil energies of its foul
Nodes. This in turn aids the corruption of visitors to the
Realm. Although supposedly serving the Euthanatos Tra-
dition, the Realm of Voormas would put some Nephandi to
shame.

Environment

Anyone who enters the Realm receives a horrible, all-
pervading feeling of death. Human remains, in various
stages of decomposition, litter the ground and trees. The
sky is always lit by three moons: one bone-white, one
blood-red, and one bile-green. During thunderstorms,
wooden coffins in the open graves float to the surface, as do
the rotting corpses that fill the land's basins and sinkholes.

There are no living plants, though there are plenty of

dead ones. Nor are there animals save insects, mollusks,


rats, and a few mangy black cats. Still, other things dwell
among the crypts.

Denizens of the Realm

Zombies haunt the Realm, as do creatures called Skull
Pigs. These creatures eat bones and rotting flesh. It is
impossible to communicate with either species. The Skull
Pigs will attack any lone individual, but will hesitate to
attack groups unless the Pigs outnumber the prey by at least
three to one. The Pigs stalk their victims fora period of time
to frighten them before moving in for the kill. The zombies
have no strategy and attack whenever they get a chance.

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Correspondence -3, Entropy +5,
Forces +1, Life +2, Mind -1, Prime -2

Chantry Description

The House of Helekar: The Chantry stands at the
center of the field of graves. It is a massive, gray-walled,
Gothic-looking castle with a definite Byzantine influence
in its design. The castle bears a carving of a huge demonic
face over its entranceway. The mouth forms the doors to
the castle. The castle is surrounded by a moat of green,
bubbling acid and a fence of human bones.

The interior of the castle is very dark and gloomy.
Torchlight refracts from the dark-gray stone walls, floor
and ceiling. The place is filled with pleasant aromas to hide
the nastier smells exuding from the depths of its dungeons.
The occasional maddening shriek or pitiful moan can be
heard rising from the chambers below.

The dungeon has several holding cells filled with straw
—and rats to nibble at the prisoners' toes, and nearly every
torture device known to man (and some unknown to
Sleepers). The castle chambers are large and drafty. They
are filled with countless antiques, especially implements of
war. The personal chambers of the mages vary, but all are
made of gray stone, and the accommodations are sparse and
limited (which is why most of the mages prefer to live in the
Earth Chantries).

The oddest feature of the castle is its power to animate,
becoming a giant stone golem-creature. The demon head at
the entrance becomes the actual head of the fortress,
complete with glowing eyes. The fortress lumbers about the
Realm, its powerful arms and legs crushing anything in
sight. All damage inflicted upon the Realm by the fortress
repairs itself within a couple of hours. The mages have not
animated the castle in the last 200 years.

Helekar House of Miami: This three-story house is
the newest earthly aspect of the Chantry. It was created five
years ago and has served the Chantry well as its base in the
United States. The house is located in the suburbs outside
Miami. Stone walls surround the place, and it has a large,
well-kept garden. The Chantry has a large basement; here,
prisoners are kept and all necessary equipment is stored.


Each mage has his own car, and there is a car for each of the
two household servants. The Chantry is home to the
Freedom Razor.

Helekar House of Baghdad: This aspect ofthe Chantry
isa four-story building located in downtown Baghdad, Iraq.
The Abyssians dwell here; even these mighty mages have
their work cut out for them repairing all the damage
inflicted by U.S. air raids. All valuables of the Chantry are
now kept in the catacombs below. Only servants and other
expendable items remain on the surface. The Chantry has
two cars, which are kept in an underground garage area
attached to the building to prevent them from being stolen
or commandeered.

Helekar House of Cape Town: This Chantry houses
the Friends of the Soul. It is located in Cape Town, South
Africa, in a rich white section of the city. The two-story
house has a walled-in courtyard. The Chantry has almost
everything the mages could want, including a huge weap-
ons cache and five automobiles.

Purpose

The Consanguinity of Eternal Joy is charged with the
duty of protecting the Shade Realm of Entropy from all
others. The Chantry has also taken it upon itself to assas-
sinate all who would pose a threat to the security of the
Shade Realm, to the mages, to the Euthanatos, and to the
Traditions. This has certainly increased the mages' oppor-
tunities for murder.

History

The House of Helekar was founded in the Shade
Realm of Entropy in A.D. 412 by a group of Persian
Euthanatos. It took several centuries for the Ancestral
Chantry in Calcutta to learn that members of its own
Tradition had taken control of the Shade Realm. Once it
learned, the Chantry could do nothing about it. The
Consanguinity of Eternal Joy, which controlled the Realm,
had proved loyal and had never used the powers of the
Realm against the Tradition.

So, instead of condemning the mages, the leaders of
the Euthanatos made the Consanguinity a special subcult
within the Tradition, the purpose of which was to protect
the Shade Realm and the Tradition.

Since that time, the Consanguinity has served more or
less faithfully, though it has secretly assassinated other
Euthanatos whom the subcult believed to be traitors (and
they did confess their treachery once they were placed on
the torture racks and chopping blocks).

The House of Helekar was completed in A.D. 939
under the direction of Grand Harvester Helekar. Helekar
was power-hungry, but he used his power in the best
interests of the Tradition. The Chantry took nearly a
century to build. Since that time, its special power of
animation, which took so long to enchant, has only been

48 The Book of Chantries

used on a handful of occasions, but each time it has served
to overpower the invaders of the Realm.

Chantry Inhabitants

T only kill to know I'm alive.

— Ministry, "So What"

The Chantry's servants are members of its human cult.
They too are skilled murderers, but they seldom put those
skills to use. They perform the day-to-day functions of the
household. They tend to dress in blue, white, or yellow
robes bearing the symbol of the House of Helekar.

Internal Structure and
Relations

Grand Harvester Voormas controls the Chantry. He
keeps the mages of the various cabals hard at work protect-
ing the Realm and the Chantry. He also claims to be in
personal communication with the Oracles of Entropy. No
mage disputes Voormas' orders; they are carried out fully
regardless of whether or not the mage agrees with them.
The cabals are highly organized and efficient, and they
often cooperate.

The covenant of the Chantry is written in the blood of
Helekar himself. It coversall necessary issues, as the Chantry
has not much changed over the centuries.

External Relations

The mages of the Consanguinity are very secretive and
xenophobic. They do not even share their information
with other Euthanatos. Most Euthanatos fear members of
this subcult, but most other mages do not recognize them as
anything other than typical Euthanatos.

These mages wage the Ascension War in their own
way, often handling the assassination of Technocracy lead-
ers. However, the mages do not work well with outsiders.
They almost never engage an opponent in direct combat,
considering it too vulgar, too costly and too stupid a
method. Because of this, the mages seem to be disinter-
ested, half-hearted supporters of the Traditions, which is
how they wish to be seen.

Status and Reputation

The House of Helekar has only slightly better than
mediocre Status because so little is known about it. The
mages are known among other Euthanatos as evil and
dangerous.

Status: 3

Reputation: 0

Policy Regarding Outsiders

The Consanguinity takes its job very seriously. All
who enter the Realm uninvited are captured, tortured for
days, and eventually flayed alive after all information of
value has been gained. It is said that nothing alive can resist

the cult's tortures. Its members never accept outsiders as
trainees or members, except those who already belong to
their human cult or who are already Euthanatos mages.

They never use Rogues, but kill many of them.

Allies and Enemies

The House of Hele!

in Calcutta. It is also allied to two other Euthanatos

Ancestral Chantries, but these are merely formal links. The

Consanguinity will not aid either of the allied Chantries
unless it is to the subcult's advantage.

arisallied tothe Ancestral Chantry

The Chantry is also allied to a Black Spiral Hive and
a Sabbat Cardinal. In addition, the Chantry controls hu-
man cults in Miami, South Africa and Baghdad. The cults
are called the Brotherhoods of Consanguinity.

The enemies of the Chantry include Autochthonia,
MECHA, one Progenitor construct, two New World Order
Regional Headquarters, and one multi-Convention Con-
struct. Other enemies include Galtharak the Gnasher of
Bloodied-Souls (a Nephandus of great power) and its cabal

of corrupted mages, Amen Khal (a mummy, whom the
Consanguinity views as an abomination against death),
and Chih Sung-tzu (an Umbrood Lord).

Research Capacities

The House of Helekar was not intended to be a place
of learning, and it is not. The mages receive their training

elsewhere, though they sometimes hone their skills by
sparring with one another. Still, the Chantry does have
some resources.

The Abyssians occasionally provide some training to
the other mages. However, most go to other Euthanatos
Chantries for training. They even study with members of
other Traditions and with Sleepers who have perfected the
arts of murder. It is rumored that the members of the
Consanguinity occasionally study with Assamite vampires,
but this is hearsay at best.

The Chantry's entire collection of arcane tomes is
geared toward its purpose. Few tomes deal with areas of
magick not directly useful in the mages' duties. The mages
must go elsewhere to study such matters. The Chantry has
a relatively small mundane library, and this too is geared
toward the studies or death, murder, medicine, toxicology,
torture and interrogation.

The Chantry has no computers, nor does it need any.
Its human cults do much of the legwork and report their
findings back to the mages. The Consanguinity's addi-
tional contacts include a powerful psychic, a Ferectoi (a
creature of the Wyrm), anda traitor within the New World
Order. None of the contacts is trusted, and any or all would
be eliminated if necessary, but so far the information
provided has been correct.

The Chantry has as much Quintessence as it needs,
because of its powerful Nodes and its access to the Shard


Realm of Entropy. However, mages are not allowed to
waste the Quintessence or hoard it for personal use.

Stories

The theme of this Chantry is horror, the hideous
possibilities of mages dedicated to cold-blooded killing.
There is no "Good Death" here, only cruelty and suffering.

Revulsion is the dominant mood of Helekar's House.
The endless charnel landscape and the foulness of the
cabals should make even Euthanatos cringe. The House of
Helekar is a perversion of all the "Good Death" stands for.

Story Ideas for the
House of Helekar

1. One of the player characters is mistaken for another
mage who has been selected by the Euthanatos of Helekar
to receive the "Good Death." Will the player characters
convince their would-be assassins of the truth before it is
too late? Will they care?

2. The characters are in battle with a particularly
disgusting Marauder, but their foe creates a magickal portal
and escapes through it. When the player characters step

through, they find themselves in the graveyard Realm of
the House of Helekar. Will they get out without being
discovered? Will they survive the experience? The Ma-
rauder left them another gateway out — will they find it
before it is too late?

3. The mages of Helekar must find a particular Avatar
and sacrifice it every three years. The Avatar belonged to
a former Grand Harvester of Souls, who was honored with
the promise of a "Good Death" every three years. Thus,
every three years the Euthanatos of the Chantry hunt down
and ritually slay whatever infant possesses the Avatar of the
former mage. This time, the mages must stop them. Either
they are chosen to do so by their superiors, or they have
some special relation with the infant (i.e., father, mother,
uncle, cousin). What will it take to save the child's life?

4. The player characters learn of a hoard of powerful
magickal Tass, but it is located in the Shade Realm of
Entropy. Can they recover the artifact from the graveyard
without being discovered?

5. The player characters are sent to the House of
Helekar as diplomats. Will they achieve the business they
are there to accomplish, will they meddle in the affairs of
the mages, or will they become the next victims?

\

50 The Book of Chantries


The Lodge of the Gray Squirrel:
Chantry of the Second World
of the Dine'

These lands are ours. No one has the right to remove us,
because we were the first owners. The Great Spirit above has
appointed this place for us, on which to light our fires, and here

we will remain.

—Tecumseh, toJoseph Barron, messenger of President

James Madison

The lands and ways of the Native Americans
have not yet disappeared beneath the dust of
the ages. In the Second World of the Diné,
Indian mages and their allies have preserved
a Realm that reflects the best aspects of their
various cultures.

The Realm is protected by the Circle of the
Gray Squirrel, a Chantry of Dreamspeakers
who are primarily of Native American ori-
gins. The Second World provides sanctuary to a host of
werecreatures, Kinfolk, endangered species, and Native
Americans who have left the Earth in hopes of finding a
more peaceful place to live.

arid

The Chantry is not only the protector of the Realm,
but also the protector of the Native American ways. It has
ties to many werecreature tribes, not just those of the
Garou. The mages see their job as a mission of peace,
though blood must be shed to see that eventual peace. The
Chantry is highly involved in political matters ranging
from the rights of the oppressed to the protection of the
environment.

Cabals

Four cabals compose the Circle of the Gray Squirrel.
Each cabal is a totally autonomous body, but all work
together in a noncompetitive manner to achieve their
goals. At one time, each cabal represented a different tribal
background. However, since that time, each cabal has
accepted new members from all types of people.

The Cult of the Bear

Members: Tom Smithson (Dreamspeaker), Joseph
Edelson (Dreamspeaker), Roy Long (Dreamspeaker),
Augusto Lopez (Dreamspeaker), Jasper Merchant
(Dreamspeaker), Deedee Navarre (Dreamspeaker)

Background: Originally a Sioux shamanistic society,
this cabal joined the Circle in 1848. The cabal's purpose is
to ensure the survival of the Native Americans and to

protect their rights. The mages have many werecreatures as
allies. Their totem spirit is the Bear.

Tom Smithson a.k.a. "Laughing
Eagle"

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Dreamspeaker

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 5,
Computer 2, Cosmology 4, Culture 4, Dodge 3, Enigmas 4,
Etiquette 2, Expression (Storytelling) 3, Firearms 5, Intu-
ition 5, Investigation 3, Leadership 5, Linguistics 5, Medicine 4,
Meditation 5, Melee 4, Occult 3, Research 2, Science 2,
Stealth 5, Subterfuge 1, Survival 5, Technology 3

Backgrounds: Allies 7, Arcane 5, Avatar 4, Destiny 4,
Dream 4, Influence 3, Library 5

Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 2, Life 4, Mind 2, Matter 1,
Prime 3, Spirit 5, Time 4

Willpower: 9

Arete: 8

Quintessence: 17

Paradox: 3

Background: Tom Smithson is a former Apache sha-
man who has maintained his secret identity as "Tom
Smithson" for over 100 years. He is currently the leader of
the Cult of the Bear and, unofficially, the most powerful
leader within the Chantry.

Laughing Eagle, as Smithson was called by his tribe,
proved to bea valuable asset to his people. Laughing Eagle's
magick foretold the coming of the savage foreigners and
enabled his people to stay one step ahead of the enemy.
Then, one day, a New World Order mage from the Bureau
of Indian Affairs began working with the cavalry.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 51


Tricked by the Technomancer, Laughing Eagle led his
people into an ambush in a deep ravine. The tribe was
picked apart by the cavalry, and Laughing Eagle was forced
to surrender. His people were put into a stockade, but were
later moved onto a reservation. Laughing Eagle was taken
to Null-B, where he was cast into slavery. Here, he met four
other Dreamspeaker mages. They planned their escape and
successfully implemented it. However, by the time they
returned to Earth, the Indian resistance had long been
crushed and "America the Beautiful" was now home to
European descendants.

Disillusioned, homeless, and without motivation or
family, Laughing Eagle changed his name to Tom Smithson
and traveled about aimlessly for nearly a decade before
being found by mages of the Circle of the Gray Squirrel.
They recruited him and made him one of their own. Since
that time, his power and wisdom have earned him great
respect.

Smithson's include: investigating
Technomancer Horizon Realms; spending time with the
Cat People; breeding, training and riding horses; and tutor-
ing young mages. He is not power-hungry, but knows how
tomanipulate people and use his power and influence when
necessary.

interests

Image: Smithson is a Native American in his late 50s.
He has shoulder-length, wavy black hair with touches of
gray in it. His brown eyes seem ancient to those who look
into them. He usually wears plain clothing — slacks, a
collared shirt of some sort, and boots are fairly typical.

Roleplaying Notes: Smithson may be a Curmudgeon
on the surface, but he is not sarcastic. He actually likes
people. It just takes a while for people to get to know him.
He is very honorable, generous, gallant and loving. Those
who earn his true friendship are able to call upon him
without a moment's hesitation. His cynical facade hides his

52 The Book of Chantries

grief and sense of failure. This depression is why he refuses
to serve as the actual leader of the Chantry.

Sanctum: Laughing Eagle maintains a spacious, eight-
room apartment in the Chantry. It is decorated in a rustic
style, but he has incorporated art and styles of many
primitive cultures into his own unique blend.

The Great Spirit's Agents

Members: Dave Murphy (Dreamspeaker),
erts (Dreamspeaker)

Mae Rob-

Background: This cabal was originally a Blackfoot
shamanistic society. It came into the Circle in 1830, after
having problems with Andrew Jackson. The cabal is in-
volved in exposing Pentex as an agent of the Wyrm. The
cabal presently has only two mages; the other three mem-
bers were recently killed by a Pentex First Team.

Mae Roberts

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Caregiver (currently Loner)

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Dreamspeaker

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Awareness 5, Brawl 4, Computer 3, Cosmol-
ogy 3, Culture 5, Dodge 1, Drive 2, Enigmas 5, Etiquette 4,
Firearms 2, Intimidation 2, Intuition 5, Investigation 2,
Law 1, Linguistics 5, Medicine 4, Meditation 3, Melee 3,
Occult 2, Performance (Piano) 3, Research 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 2, Avatar 3, Destiny 4,
Dream 5, Library 7


Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 2, Life 4, Matter 2, Prime 4,
Spirit 4

Willpower: 6

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 12

Paradox: 8

Background: Mae Roberts is a former housewife who
began dabbling in ancient mysticism after her husband died
and her children moved away. Roberts, an amateur gene-
alogist, realized that there were many shamans in her
family.

Shortly after she began collecting material on her
family, she was visited by a man named Jacob Clearwater,
who told her he could take her to meet some of her relatives
— relatives she had believed were dead. She agreed to go
with him after he told her he was a genealogist himself and
that he had discovered a connection between their two
families. He even told her details about her family that she
had only recently discovered herself.

Clearwater led her back to the Lodge of the Gray
Squirrel. After crossing into the Horizon Realm, he awoke
her Avatar and introduced her to several of her "long-dead"
telatives, who were themselves servants and mages. She
apprenticed under Clearwater, who was in fact her great-
uncle, and joined his cabal. Clearwater and many of her
other friends recently died ina clash with some Pentex First
Teams.

Roberts must now once again come to grips with loss.
She has become a recluse since the tragedy, and her only
surviving cabalist, Dave Murphy, has been unable to drag
her from her depression. Normally, her interests include:
traveling about the Horizon Realm using her healing pow-
ers to assist those in need; monkeywrenching Pentex;
cooking; and making traditional, handcrafted Native
American art and jewelry.

Image: Roberts is a Native American in her early 40s.
She is attractive, with waist-length black hair and black-
brown eyes. She is in good physical shape. She dresses in a
very rustic fashion and she always carries a.357 magnum in
a belt holster.

Roleplaying Notes: Mae is usually a friendly and
cheerful woman. She elegantly combines her former roles
of mother and housewife with her current role of terrorist.
Now, however, she has become something of a recluse. It is
doubtful she will be driven by revenge once she has over-
come her depression, but that does not mean she will be
afraid to continue her fight against the enemy.

Sanctum: Her private chambers consist of an eight-
room house furnished in modern fashion. She has a huge
private library, and many antiques and heirlooms. She has
two guest rooms, so her children and their families have
places to stay when they come and visit.

The Sun Dancers

Members: Mahala Vamm (Dreamspeaker), Stanley
Wuber (Dreamspeaker), Nenita Towns (Dreamspeaker),
Wayne Jones (Dreamspeaker)

Background: The Sun Dancer Cabal is of Cheyenne
origins. The cabal joined the Circle in the 1890s. The cabal
is primarily concerned with the protection of the environ-
ment all over the world. It has some ties to the Green
Knights in Europe, as well as with other ecoguerrilla orga-
nizations all over the world.

The Fools' Society

Members: Louise Patterson (Dreamspeaker), Martha
Kelley (Verbena), Gail Holsombake (Verbena), Samuel
Holt (Dreamspeaker), Irving Pellegrino (Verbena), Albert
Cima (Dreamspeaker)

Background: The Fools' Society was originally a sha-
manistic society of the Assinibones. The cabal joined the
Circle in 1844. In the last 10 years or so, the cabal has been
trying something new. The cabal began accepting Verbena
mages as members. The effort has proved successful, as the
Verbena bring a deep understanding of nature to the union.
The cabal is interested in the creation of other Verbena-
Dreamspeaker cabals, but it has not decided whether the
other cabals would approve of it. The Fools' Society is
involved in its own battles against the Progenitors and the
Nephandi.

Gail Holsombake
Nature: Avant-Garde
Demeanor: Judge
Essence: Questing
Tradition: Verbena


Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3,Stamina3,Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Archaeology 5, Athletics 2, |
Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Computer 2, Cosmology 1, Culture 5, \
Dodge 1, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Intimidation 2, is
Intuition 3, Investigation 3, Leadership 2, Linguistics 5, MM
Medicine 1, Meditation 3, Melee 2, Occult 4, Research 5, xf
Science 3, Survival 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 2, Avatar 4, Destiny 2,
Dream 5, Influence 2, Library 6

Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 3, Life 4, Matter 4, Prime 2,
Time 3

Willpower: 7

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 15

Paradox: 5

Gail Holsombake is a former archaeologist who has
always been interested in both ancient Celtic culture and
Native American culture. She became a Wiccan while in
college and eventually met a Wiccan who was a Verbena
mage. She apprenticed under the mage and, after finishing
her apprenticeship, put her new abilities to use in exploring
the past through magick and archaeology. While studying
the Wheels of the Heavens, she was discovered by Louise
Patterson, a Dreamspeaker, who invited her into the Realm.
Eventually they formed the "Fools' Society" a cabal of
Dreamspeakers and Verbena.

Holsombake is still a hard-working archaeologist. She
is on the trail of what she believes to be an ancient
Tradition that spawned the Dreamspeakers, Verbena, Cult
of Ecstasy and Progenitors. Whether or not this "missing
link" really exists is unknown, but she is working hard to
prove that it does.

Aside from her personal archaeological studies,
Holsombake also works with nonprofit organizations to
find good homes for abandoned domesticated animals. She
is also one of the few mages who spends time in the cloud
cities of the Swallow People.

a

q 4S
Lie

Image: Holsombake is an athletic woman of German-
Scottish descent, and is in her mid-20s. She has long,
golden-blond hair and bright hazel eyes. She usually dresses
in jeans and T-shirts. She prefers darker colors, but dresses
in white for almost all religious ceremonies.

Ul

Ws Re
WA <=

Roleplaying Notes: Gail is curious, friendly, humor-
ous, mysterious, and occasionally sarcastic and rude. She is
kind-hearted and has a deep fondness for animals.

Sanctum: Gail maintains a 10-room sanctum within
one of the larger buildings. Her sanctum is decorated in a
comfortable, but quaint, antique fashion. She keeps many
of her archaeological treasures on display, as well as a
number of photographs of her parents and two sisters,
whom she had to leave behind.

SS
We

54 The Book of Chantries


Nodes of the Lodge of
the Gray Squirrel

Wheels of the Heavens: There are nine Wheels of the
Heavens; only two are known to the outside world. They
are all located on reservations, protecting them from en-
croachment by the Sleeper authorities. In addition, they
are guarded by ancient spirits of the land, protecting them
from all supernatural threats.

The Wheels are composed of stones laid out in wheel-
shaped patterns atop Nodes. The Wheels are all linked to
one another through ley lines, which form a powerful
pattern to help support the Realm. The Wheels are occa-
sionally raided by Garou. The mages will soon be forced to
take action against the Garou, and will most likely call
upon their own werecreature and vampiric allies in doing
80.

The Vision Cave: This large cave is located on a
reservation and set into the wall of a huge cliff. The cave
requires the individual to climb up to it (use the climbing
rules provided in Mage, pg. 256), as no special Portal
reaches it. The cave houses thousands upon thousands of
bats. They do not harm any who enter, as longas the person
does not bring fire or scare them in some other way. A mage
who stays in the cave and fasts for at least three days will
have a powerful vision if the spirits deem her worthy. The
vision is a moment of spiritual revelation that will forever
affect the individual's life.

The Laughing Rock: This Node is a large rock in the
Black Hills. The place echoes any sounds made. Anyone
who tells a sufficiently funny joke (Manipulation + Expres-
sion; difficulty 8) will not hear her own voice echoed as
usual, but will instead hear a tremendous, hyenalike burst
of laughter. The individual will also gain between one and
three Quintessence for her efforts. The individual may
make the Node laugh as often as she wishes, but she can
only gain Quintessence once per day through this method.
This Node was once a Nuwisha (werecoyote) caern.

The Valley of Animal Dreams: Hidden in the Rocky
Mountains is a strange valley that is somehow connected to
both the Second World of the Diné and one of the Chimerae
Realms. The valley is lush, green and balmy all year round.
The dreams of unusually sentient or psychically strong
animals physically manifest themselves here. The dreams
are variable and innumerable, ranging from fierce hunts, to
a pet playing with its master, to animals taking on a
humanoid form to kill or interact with humans.

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept
The Second World of the Diné was created millennia

ago by Dreamspeakers who desired a world away from the
cares of mortal existence. Though they lived in harmony


with nature, the lot of the native people was not an easy
one. The mages shaped the world in the image they desired,
and it has remained such since that time. Shamans once
spoke of this world as an afterlife; now it serves as a home
for the mages and for many others.

The Realm conforms to the Navajo myth of the Four
Worlds. The Horizon Realm is supposedly the second of the
Four Worlds, a world that did not belong to humans, but to
cat- and bird-people. These hybrid races, enshrined in
Indian legends, still control large portions of the Realm,
and visitors must offer respect or pay the price.

The Second World is a Realm at the height of Sum-
mer. In contrast with the fallen fortunes of Doissetep or the
corruption of the House of Helekar, the Second World
reflects the compassion, balance and harmony of its inhab-
itants.

The Second World is no pastoral, idyllic paradise. Life
is harsh and death is not always kind. But life and death
both have places here; the devastating spiritual decline
that plagues the Gothic-Punk world has not yet ravaged
this world.

Environment

The Second World of the Diné is similar to the
American West as it was before the Europeans came.
However, there are many differences.

The sky is a bright and deep blue. The sun is glowing
yellow and impossibly bright. There is also a moon, but it
is nearly twice as large as Earth's. The clouds are a perfect
white; there dwell the Swallow People, who have built
entire cities in the clouds.

The soil bears its earthly hue, but most of the plants are
blue, not green. The seasons still change, and leaves go
through a purple stage before becoming red, then orange,
then yellow.

There is an abundance of life in the Realm. Most is
indigenous to the American Southwest, but the Circle of
the Gray Squirrel has introduced a number of endangered
species into the Realm, saving them from extinction.
Buffalo are especially plentiful, including a very few myste-
tious white buffalo, which possess special powers. Though
not native to the West, large packs of wild mustangs roam
the land. Some are captured for use by the people. Deer and
antelope are likewise plentiful.

There are plenty of rivers and lakes, and even an
ocean. Needless to say, the Realm is clean. There are no
soft-drink cans, beer bottles, Twinkie wrappers, or toxic
waste sites eroding its beauty and life.

Denizens of the Realm

Scattered bands of humans inhabit the Realm. They
live in small communities, most of which are permanent. A
few nomadic tribes still wander the plains. Those with
permanent homes have learned more advanced styles of

56 The Book of Chantries

oY

architecture, and some even have multistoried stone build-
ings. Metals are worked, but they are not widely used.

The people vary in culture and appearance, though
almost all are Native American. They speak many different
languages and dress in many different ways. They occasion-
ally have disputes among themselves, but by and large they
are far more peaceful than humans on Earth. All the
nations support the mages and owe them their allegiance.

In addition to its human inhabitants, the Second
World houses the Cat People and the Swallow People,
hybrid races with a history of animosity toward each other.
The Cat People live in their own communities separate
from humans, but they trade with one another and get
along well. The Swallow People live in the clouds and have
little to do with humans.

A number of werecreatures of all sorts may be found
here. Here they have found refuge from the troubles of the
world. They aid in protecting the Realm and generally get
along with the people. However, the mages do not tolerate
them preying on their fellow humans.

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Correspondence +1, Forces -1, Life +1,
Matter-2, Mind +1, Prime +1, Spirit +3

Chantry Description

The Lodge in the World of the Diné: A number of
adobe hogans compose the area loosely called the "Lodge."
These hogans, eight-sided buildings of free-standing clay,
vary in size from small huts to large houses. Though built in
traditional fashion, many hogans boast modern accommo-
dations. A huge, silo-like sweat lodge stands near the
center of the Lodge area.

Acolytes, mages, and their respective families all live
as equals under common law. Property has no value here,
and accommodations are of equal size and value.

The Lodge on Earth: The earthly aspect of the lodge
can be best described as humble. It appears to be an old
building made from rotting timber. The lodge's one small
room can barely hold five people, but there is another
doorway in the lodge through which people can enter the
Chantry in the Horizon Realm.

Two spirits guard the lodge entrance, allowing in only
those who have been given spirit names within the lodge.
All others are not allowed, and the spirits have the power
to teleport unwanted guests half a continent away if neces-
sary. In addition, the Chantry is indestructible. If it were
destroyed, it would simply rebuild itself again while no one
was looking.

Purpose

The Chantry exists asa means of uniting Dreamspeakers
to protect Native Americans and the environment. The
Chantry serves to unite the various Amerind nations for

the causes of peace and prosperity. The Chantry fulfills its
duties by guarding the Second World of the Diné and by
combating the Wyrm. To a lesser degree, the Chantry also
combats the Technocracy, the Nephandi and the Maraud-
ers.

History

The Second World of the Diné was a Horizon Realm
controlled by a large shamanistic society of the Navajo.
The society suffered great losses, and the wisest of its
members began calling for a united peace.

When the Shawnee leader Tecumseh called for a
uniting of the tribes, the shamans of this society united and
traveled to Tippecanoe to join the effort. However,
Tenskwatawa, who was chief in Tecumseh's absence, was a
major reason for the Indian defeat at the hands of General
Anthony Wayne and his army.

The shamans who survived the defeat united and
decided to form their own society, the Shadow of the Gray
Squirrel. This they took from the name of a friendly totem
spirit. The Navajo revealed to the other shamans the secret
of the Second World of the Diné, and the assembled
shamans decided it would serve as their new home and base
of operations.

The Shadow of the Gray Squirrel divided into the Eyes
of the Sun, the Path Finders, and the Circle of the Gray
Squirrel. All three still maintain access to the Horizon
Realm, but the three Chantries are located far from one
another and only occasionally work together. All three
Chantries are roughly equal in power and prestige, and they
all uphold the peace.

Chantry Inhabitants

In addition to housing the mages themselves, the
Chantry houses their families and other relatives. The
Chantry itself is large enough to house any and all. These
"Sleepers" often maintain normal homes on reservations.
Loyalty is very strong, and there are no traitors within the
Chantry.

Internal Structure and
Relations

The mages have a Chiefs' Council, composed of the
most experienced members of the Chantry. Many wise
Sleepers also sit on the council. All members of the Chantry,
including non-mages, are allowed to have their say in all
matters concerning them.

There is no written covenant, but the covenant has
been passed down orally, and all the members of the
Chantry know it. The mages seldom compete with one
another, and instead go out of their way to help one
another.

External Relations

The Chantry maintains good relations with a number
of other Chantries. It is not xenophobic, though it does
conceal the location of its Horizon Realm. The cabals of
the Second World maintain good relations with many
werecreatures, particularly the Corax wereravens, the
Pumoncaand Qualmi Bastet, and the Wendigo and Uktena
Garou. The mages and shapeshifters share a common goal,
and know it.

Status and Reputation

The Circle has provided help to many Chantries when
they most needed it, and has a long history of honor at all
costs. It does not, however, suffer those who disrespect the
Great Mother or any of her children, animal or otherwise.
Members of the Chantry occasionally ask other Chantries
for the whereabouts of individuals known to have commit-
ted truly heinous crimes; those individuals subsequently
disappear.

Status: 3

Reputation: 5

Policy Regarding Outsiders

The Chantry neither welcomes nor likes outsiders in
its Realm, but it does help outsiders as much as possible. It
occasionally "adopts" Orphans to prevent the Technoc-
racy from getting them. However, it does not accept
apprentices of dead masters, unless they are Dreamspeakers.

Allies and Enemies

The Chantry is formally allied with the Eyes of the
Sun, the Path Finders, and one other Chantry. However, it
has aided many Chantries in the past. The Chantry has a
great number of additional allies (and a few enemies) as a
result of its intense dedication.

Research Capacities

The Circle of the Gray Squirrel is highly active and has
little time for research except studies directly relating to
the Chantry's purpose.

Almost all of the mages have apprentices. The mages
allow their apprentices a great degree of independence, but
they also expect much from them. Apprentices are often
thrown into dangerous situations before they are ready, in
order to toughen them and give them a better appreciation
of the value of their training.

Dreamspeakers do not record most of their magickal
knowledge. Instead, they pass it through word of mouth.
This allows the Mentor to teach the student what he needs
to know and to explain it in a way the apprentice will
understand. The Circle does have a small library consisting
of the works of a few mages who decided it was better to put
their knowledge into a written form. Many of these books
are written in Cherokee, making abuse difficult and learn-

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 57


ing essential. The Chantry also has a relatively small
mundane library, which mainly serves as a resource for
educating the children.

The Chantry recently bowed to modern necessity and
"installed" computers capable of tapping into Earth's infor-
mation net. Unknown to the Circle mages, an enterprising
group of Virtual Adepts has already hacked into the system
and knows more about the Realm than the Circle would
like.

In addition to the computers, the Chantry has five
spirit contacts, which are privy to a great deal of highly
secretive information. One of these spirits captures and
eats trespassing Banes, torturing them first to find out what
they know.

Stories

Harmony should be the theme of many Gray Squirrel
tales. Balance is precious to the Realm; any threat to that
balance merits the utmost concern of the Circle and its
allies.

The Second World combines all that is best about the
past and present, and applies it toward the goal of a hopeful
future. The Realm may provide a restful stop for weary
adventurers, a healing place for mages suffering physical
and spiritual injuries, or a fragile target for the forces of
despair.

Story Ideas for the
Lodge of the Gray
Squirrel

1. Agents of the Wyrm learn of the Second World of
the Diné and devise their own means of entry. They sneak
into the Realm and begin corrupting its inhabitants. The
characters' assistance is sought by the mages of the Chantry,
who recognize the heroism of the player characters. The
mages offer them membership or another reward if they
join in the fight.

2. For some reason, the hybrids of the Realm turn
against the humans. Which side will the werecreatures
join? Can the characters help prevent bloodshed? This also
works well with werewolf player characters.

3. Intrigue abounds as the three Chantries of the
Realm unite for a grand celebration. Then tragedy strikes
—an entire cabal is mysteriously murdered. Who or what
had the power to do this? Was it one being ora group? Were
mages to blame? Will the three Chantries manage to solve
the problem peaceably? Will more mages become victims?
This is a murder mystery requiring cunning and intrigue.

4. Verbena come to the Chantry, hoping to join. Once
accepted into the Realm, they begin growing the largest
Life Tree known. Are they planning a takeover of the
Realm, or are they just loyal to one another and secretive
by nature?

5. A Wendigo goes Rogue in the Realm, perhaps
gathering allies and hiding in the canyons. Is he the victim
of some madness, Wyrm-tainted, or just a werewolf brim-
ming over with Rage? This could also threaten the peace
between the Native American and Caucasian mages, as the
Wendigo's mad racism reopens old wounds.

poy

fd


Vali Shallar: Chantry of Mu

A sight to dream of, not to tell!
— Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "Christabel"

Vali Shallar is a Chantry in the heart of a
legend. A man by the name of Colonel Percy
Harrison Fawcett went looking for an out-
post of Atlantis in the jungles of Brazil. He
instead found something else entirely: City
X, a city located by a lake. The city existed
not only in this world, but in its own Horizon
Realm.

Cabals

Vali Shallar was once an Ancestral Chantry of the
Dreamspeakers. Members of the Akashic Brotherhood
were accepted as equals after a long and bloody conflict, but
not without lingering suspicion and resentment. The
Chantry has only recently begun accepting members of
other Traditions. This was primarily done to save those
who were sure to be captured by the Technocracy; in the
process it has revitalized the Chantry. Still, many mages
would like to see things as they once were. So, even in this

beautiful, peaceful refuge, there are many silent internal
conflicts.

The Rachar

Members: Hideaki Kawatachi (Akashic Brotherhood),
Ihuanocuatlo (Dreamspeaker), Shi-Han Oh (Akashic
Brotherhood), Xocometl (Dreamspeaker)

Background: The Rachar is composed of the eldest
and wisest of the mages. These mages serve as the prime
cabal for the Chantry, and their decisions are always
obeyed and respected. The cabal was formed shortly after
the invasion by the Akashic Brotherhood, and its authority
hasnever been challenged. It has ably represented both the
Dreamspeakers and the Akashic Brotherhood, serving as
the strongest force in consolidating both Traditions.

The current members have recently allowed the for-
mation of a new cabal, the Hands of Hope. This new cabal,
composed of many Traditions, attempts to bring some life
and some hope of survival for the Chantry against the
tecent renewed conflict with the Progenitors. However,
the Rachar has been openly criticized by the Jabhi-yazer
cabal, whose members dislike all outsiders. This has placed
the Rachar in a difficult situation. The mages of the Jabhi-
yazer are the best defenders of the Realm, but the Rachar
must oppose them in this matter.

The Rachar spends virtually all its time in either Vali
Shallar or City X on Earth. It does not collectively visit the
other Earthly manifestations of the Chantry. The Akashic

Brothers of the cabal do, however, visit Birganj Monastery
for a couple of months every five or 10 years.

The Rachar is very much set in its ways, striving always
to keep the Chantry's traditions alive. Still, the mages are
wise enough to realize change is necessary if they are to
survive. Now they must decide how much they are willing
to sacrifice for that survival. Some have already hinted that
death would be better than turning their backs on their
heritage.

Ihuanocuatlo

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Dreamspeaker

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 6, Wits 6

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Awareness 5, Brawl 6,
Dodge 5, Enigmas 6, Etiquette 2, Expression 5, Intuition 5,
Leadership 4, Linguistics 5, Medicine 3, Meditation 6,
Melee 1, Occult 2, Research 3, Stealth 3, Survival 6

Backgrounds: Allies 10, Arcane 5, Avatar 5, Destiny 5,
Dream 6

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 4, Forces 3, Life 5,
Mind 5, Matter 3, Prime 5, Spirit 5, Time 5

Willpower: 10

Arete: 8

Quintessence: 20

Paradox: 0

Thuanocuatlo was born nearly a millennium ago to a
rich merchant family of the original Mayan city that would
become the Chantry. Ihuanocuatlo became a priest and
studied the ways of the Dreamspeakers. When the Horizon
Realm was created, he was one of the lesser participants in
its design and actual formation. All the others have long
since died.

When the Akashic Brotherhood invaded the Realm,
he fought them valiantly, but the Brotherhood's superior
fighting skills won the day. Many of Ihuanocuatlo's fellow
mages, including two of his cousins, were killed. When
terms of peace were reached he was there, but he did not
know he would soon become a leader of the Chantry.

Four young mages of exceptional wisdom were chosen
toserve as the Rachar, the prime cabal of the Chantry, now
renamed Vali Shallar. The mages were taught the ways of

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 59


their fellow Tradition and developed friendships and bonds
of loyalty to one another. The Akashic Brothers taught the
mages how to access the Nodes they had brought to the
Chantry, and the Dreamspeakers taught the mages about
their new home. Ihuanocuatlo was charged with the duty of
creating a cabal to serve as the Chantry guard; this cabal
became known as the Jabhi-yazer.

Over the centuries, Ihuanocuatlo has continued to
study his magick and has become quite powerful. Still, he
almost never uses his magick openly. Many wonder if he
really is powerful, but none wish to test him. His interests
include: long walks through the Chantry gardens; working
in the garden; games of chess; meditation (which he learned
centuries ago from his Akashic Brother masters); and
martial arts, though mainly as an artistic expression and for
exercise. Ihuanocuatlo is also working toward a way of
"converting manifestations of one Sphere's work into that
of another," though no one knows exactly what he means
by that statement.

Some whisper that Ihuanocuatlo is being considered
by the Oracles of Spirit, Life and Time for initiation into
their ranks. Ihuanocuatlo has no desire to be an Oracle, for
he currently worries about what will happen to the Chantry
during these troubled times. He hopes to guide the Chantry
through its current problems and keep it on course.

Image: Ihuanocuatlo looks like an ancient Mayan. He
has a sloped forehead, long black hair and dark skin. He is
apparently in his mid-50s. He occasionally dresses in tradi-
tional Mayan dress, but he prefers loose-fitting silk robes of
gray, light blue, or forest green. He wears a golden amulet
on a string of his Mentor's hair.

Roleplaying Notes: Ihuanocuatlo almost never speaks.
When he does, it is usually in ancient Maya. When con-
versing with those who do not understand Maya, he speaks
in the listeners' native tongue. He is generous, reserved and

slow to act. He usually asks rhetorical questions to those
who seek advice, hoping to help them find the answers in
themselves. He takes little interest in what goes on outside
the Chantry, but he is always informed (by some unknown
means) of all major events. His sense of reverence for the
ways of his ancestors (except for human sacrifice) should be
emphasized.

Sanctum: Ihuanocuatlo has his own floor in the
Chantry. It is decorated in a unique Mayan/Oriental style.
It is very luxurious and filled with furniture. No walls
separate the rooms of his chambers; it is one great loft. He
keeps an indoor arboretum as part of his sanctum. Count-
less varieties of plants grow here, including a few trees. The
floor is mostly earth, with stone slabs to support furniture
and walkways to avoid getting one's feet dirty. A number of
wild animals also call the sanctum home, including a few
deer, a jaguar, turkeys, parrots, hummingbirds, snakes of all
sorts, an eagle and a couple of monkeys. The animals
coexist peaceably and do not harm each other or anything
else.

The Yultasi

Members: Minoru Kirimoto (Akashic Brotherhood),
Carlos Rodriguez (Dreamspeaker), Kyojiro Okabe (Akashic
Brotherhood), Maria Valverde (Dreamspeaker), Minoru
Kishibe (Akashic Brotherhood), Yoshiharu Miyamoto
(Akashic Brotherhood)

Background: This cabal was formed shortly after the
Akashic Brotherhood's invasion. It was created to monitor
the outside world after a series of attacks on the Chantry by
the Progenitors. The Yultasi spied on other Chantries and
made numerous contacts, but it took no part in the Ascen-
sion War during its first few years, for it took the Yultasi
decades to convince the Rachar how important it was to get
involved. Since that time, the Yultasi has become a formi-
dable opponent of the Technocracy, especially the
Progenitors.

During the struggle, the Yultasi encountered many
Orphans and Errants. The Yultasi sympathized, but could
do little to help. Finally, its members became fed up with
the problem and petitioned the Rachar to allow the forma-
tion of a new cabal composed of these lost mages. The
Rachar refused, but the Yultasi secretly created anew cabal
anyway, which they named the Hands of Hope. The Rachar
later discovered the cabal's existence, and reluctantly de-
cided to accept the new cabal into the Chantry. The
Rachar told the Jabhi-yazer it had called for the creation of
the new cabal, much to the Jabhi-yazer's disgust.

Now the mages of the Yultasi walk a thin line. If they
disobey the Rachar so blatantly again, they will be expelled
from the Chantry. Despite this, the Yultasi has become
more and more independent, and its members now spend
little time at Vali Shallar. They have instead concentrated
their efforts against the Progenitors; Maria Valverde has
discovered a link between the Progenitors and the major


pharmaceutical companies operating out of her native

Brazil.
Minoru Kirimoto

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Judge

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Akashic Brotherhood

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 5, Awareness 4, Brawl 5,
Computer 3, Cosmology 4, Culture 2, Dodge 5, Drive 2,
Enigmas 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Intimidation 4, Intu-
ition 2, Investigation 4, Law (Japanese, U.S. federal) 2,
Leadership 2, Linguistics 5, Medicine 2, Meditation 4,
Melee 4, Occult 2, Research 2, Science 2, Stealth 3,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Survival 2, Technology 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Arcane 4, Avatar 5, Destiny 3,
Dream 3, Influence 2, Library 5

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Life 2, Mind 4, Matter 2,
Prime 2, Spirit 3, Time 2

Willpower: 7

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 15

Paradox: 5

Minoru Kirimoto is a former Tokyo police officer and
a descendant of a former member of the Yultasi. He was
chosen to follow in his ancestor's footsteps because it is
believed that his Avatar is that of his ancestor.

Kirimoto was kidnapped by the Yultasi and taken back
tothe Realm for training. At first it appeared that he would
have a nervous breakdown, as his world came crashing
down around him, but before long he had regained enough

stability to accept the apprenticeship offered him. Since
that time he has proved a most capable member of the
cabal.

He enjoys the fact that he is not stranded in the
Chantry like the Jabhi-yazer, whom he has come to despise
for their arrogance and narrow-mindedness. Kirimoto has
devoted himself to working toward the destruction of the
Technocracy. When he is not doing this, he spends his time
studying the Near Umbra for new Nodes. He is also collect-
ing evidence concerning the existence of several other
Dreamspeaker and Akashic Brotherhood Ancestral
Chantries, though most are believed to be destroyed. He
has hopes of one day finding and exploring the ruins of
these Chantries.

Image: Kirimoto is a tall, slender Japanese man in his
late 20s. He generally dresses in black clothing of Western
styles. He wears silver earrings, rings anda watch. He could,
in fact, pass as a Hollow One. He has long, silky black hair
and brown eyes. He has begun using his sword as more than
a focus and has even considered designing some sort of
Talisman armor to add to his countermagick and physical
protection.

Roleplaying Notes: Kirimoto is talkative to those he
trusts, but has little to do with those he does not. He has no
qualms about killing, but lives by bushido as best as he can,
considering it a step to personal Ascension. He readily
assists any Tradition mage who proves worthy of his help,
but never asks for help himself unless faced with over-
whelming odds.

Sanctum: Kirimoto's floor in the Chantry is decorated
ina very Western style. He has all the appliances and other
comforts of modern life, courtesy of the Technomancers.
However, he has also set aside half of his sanctum as a
reminder of his heritage. This section is decorated in
medieval Japanese style, including elaborate shrines for his
deceased relatives and a museum/antique gallery of Japa-
nese history.

The Jabhi-yazer

Members: Naohito Sagehashi (Akashic Brotherhood),
Masaaki Takada (Akashic Brotherhood), Jan Kausch
(Dreamspeaker), Orestes Placeres (Dreamspeaker)

Background: The Jabhi-yazer are the paladins of the
palace. They guard the Realm from the denizens of the
jungle cities and from all invaders to the Realm. They are
very militant and very traditional. They fanatically uphold
the teachings and practices of their ancestors, which is why
they so often dispute with all the other cabals. The cabal
was founded by the Dreamspeakers long before the Akashic
Brotherhood invaded, and it was reformed to include the
Akashic Brotherhood shortly after its invasion of the
Chantry.

The members of the Jabhi-yazer are highly skilled
combatants. They are strong-willed, dependable, honor-
able and obedient, but they are very xenophobic. They do

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 61


not like the Hands of Hope and would not be unhappy to
see their destruction. Still, they would not do this them-
selves, as it would be dishonorable.

The Hands of Hope

Members: Juanita Oguera (Dreamspeaker), Kiyoshi
Toda (Akashic Brotherhood), Tamika Sakai (Akashic
Brotherhood), Tom Ho Pak (Order of Hermes), Alvin
Reynolds (Virtual Adept), Wanda Kuesar (Sons of Ether)

Background: The Hands of Hope formed three years
ago under the direction of the Yultasi. The cabal is now self-
sufficient and actively defends the Chantry against the
Technocracy, Nephandi and Marauders. The cabal also
rescues the recently Awakened from the hands of the
Technocracy.

The cabal is not well liked by the Rachar, and the
mages of the Jabhi-yazer treat its members as outright
inferiors. The only support the cabal has comes from the
Yultasi, the members of which are seldom around to help.
Asa result, the cabal has had a high casualty rate, and its
numbers dwindle by the year. The cabal tends to spend
most of its time at the Earth Chantries in Los Angeles and
Shanghai.

The cabal is currently engaged in a long and bloody
conflict against some Nephandi and their vampire min-
ions. Three of the cabal have been killed in the last year,
and one has been kidnapped and turned into a vampire. He
is now one of the cabal's arch-enemies.

Alvin Reynolds

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Bravo

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Virtual Adept

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 5, Com-
puter 5, Cosmology 2, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Enigmas 2,
Firearms 4, Hacking 5, Ice Hockey 4, Intimidation 5,
Intuition 3, Investigation 5, Linguistics 2, Meditation 3,
Melee 3, Performance (Guitar) 4, Research 4, Science 2,
Stealth 2, Streetwise 2, Technology 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 4, Avatar 3, Destiny 2

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Forces 3, Life 2, Mind 3,
Matter 4, Prime 2

Willpower: 7

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 13

Paradox: 7

Background: Alvin Reynolds was working second
shift as a computer operator when a strange face appeared
on his screen. The woman told him he was to be her new
apprentice, and that he would learn the ways of magick.

62. The Book of Chantries

When Alvin awoke the next afternoon to go to work, a
plane ticket to Newark was lying on his kitchen table, along
with a note detailing his new obligations and informing
him that $50,000 had been credited to his bank account to
take care of any problems along the way. Reynolds checked
out his account and left to meet his new Mentor.

After three years of intense study, Reynolds was almost
ready to strike out on his own. However, he had not
planned for the attack on his Mentor's sanctum by the New
World Order. His Mentor was killed and he was captured.
Just before they could leave for MECHA, the NWO
Technomancers were in turn attacked by the Yultasi. The
cabal freed Reynolds and accepted him as an apprentice.
When the Yultasi gained permission from the Rachar to
create the Hands of Hope, Reynolds became one of the
founding members of the new cabal.

Reynolds' main interests are playing ice hockey and
traveling about to watch his favorite teams play. He plays
the guitar in a band that has played a number of clubs in
L.A. He also enjoys exploring the jungle land of the Realm.
His sister Cindy was also Awakened, but was subsequently
captured by the New World Order. Reynolds spends much
of his time trying to track her down. He has terrorized and
murdered a number of Technomancers for information and
has begun blackmailing a few in order to obtain a steady
supply of information.

Image: Reynolds is a little overweight, but more on the
stocky side. He stands 6'5" and weighs 350 pounds. He
resembles a professional wrestler more than a computer
programmer. He wears plain, comfortable clothing, usually
jeans and T-shirts. He has a higher-pitched voice than one
might expect from such a huge fellow. He seems to be in his
mid-20s, with medium-length, slightly curly, medium-brown
hair (though his hairline is receding) and hazel eyes. He


always carries a pistol ina shoulder holster and wears a Case
knife on his belt.

Roleplaying Notes: Reynolds is a very sweet guy. His
search for his sister and loyalty to his cabal take precedence
over everything else in his life, but he is friendly and helpful
toall who ask him for assistance. On missions he turns into
another person altogether — an emotionless, remorseless
Killer. It is almost as if he has two completely distinct
personalities.

Sanctum: Reynolds spends most of his time at the Los
Angeles estate. He has turned the estate's carriage house on
the estate into his own apartment and has added two large
tooms to it. He has a keen eye for interior design and a
preference for antiques. His private floor in Vali Shallar is
decorated in the local styles of the people of the city. He has
elaborate, cutting-edge computer technology in both sanc-
tums and is linked to countless networks.

Nodes of Vali Shallar

Vali Shallar controls the following Nodes and several
other small ones. These listed are the ones that cause them
the most problems. The Storyteller should feel free to
include others as desired.

The Candelabra of the Andes: This Node is located
130 miles north of Nazca, Peru. It isa geoglyph in the rough
shape ofa candelabra with three prongs. The 595-foot-long
Node was carved intoa mountainside by the Pacific Ocean.
The Node is frequently robbed by Rokea (weresharks), and
the mages have yet to discover a means of protecting
themselves. It is unknown how the weresharks discovered
the Node, and all attempts to communicate with them
have left the mages with bloody stumps in place of limbs
(though they manage to regenerate them through their
magic).

The Backward Stream: This Node, a small stream
located in Peru, is very important to the mages because of
its great power. It served as the site of a great battle with
Pentex First Teams (composed of evil werewolves and
fomori). A lone fomor escaped the battle, and the mages
fear Pentex now knows of the location.

The Nazca Plateau: The Nazca Plateau in the Peru-
vian desert has thousands of geoglyphs carved into it.
While not all of them are magickal, some are. Dozens of
figures are here as well. The figures vary in size from 27 to
450 feet. The Node sites are located over a 500-mile area in
avery bad location, making them very useful Nodes for the
Chantry. In fact, the Nodes' existence is somehow tied to
the origins of the Chantry itself.

Skultos Island: Somewhere in the Pacific there is an
island enshrouded in a permanent cloud cover. The island
isinhabited by aboriginal primitives and gigantic creatures.
Mostare dinosaurs that survived the dawn of the Cenozoic
Era. Also found here are gigantic apes over 90 feet in
height.


The island's Node is located in the very center, pro-
tected by a wooden fort and constantly guarded by 15
guards from the Chantry. The mages have enchanted the
fort to prevent any animals, even giant ones, from coming
near the fort.

Hunting is a very dangerous sport, but the more daring
mages do it anyway.

The Chu Artan Stones: This Node is located in the
Brazilian rain forest. The Chu Artan Stones are four six-
foot-tall, three-foot-wide, light-blue stones inscribed with
a great number of ancient carvings. The stones form a
square. The center of the Node is the five-foot square area
between the stones. The power generated in the area is
incredible; no metal objects can enter. The Node stands on
the moss-covered bank of a rivulet of the Amazon. A ward
protects the Node from werecreatures, but not from Pentex,
and the Amazon War has put the Node in grave danger.

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept
Vali Shallar lies at the heart of City X, which in turn
lies at the heart of a vast jungle filled with creatures from
many different geological eras. There are also several tribal
cultures, some of which have developed their own unique
civilizations. Some natives have demonstrated a talent for
magick.

64 The Book of Chantries

Vali Shallar isa Chantry in its Autumn; strong, secure,
and with no place to go but down. If the Realm has a
resonance, it shows itself in the weird synthesis of Oriental
and Mayan culture, the fantastic wildlife, and the
otherworldly jungle.

Environment

City X is a place of tranquillity and beauty, the jungle
is primeval and untamable, and the outsider cities are
places of wonder and death. Overall, the Realm is strange
and somehow balanced between the worlds of man and
nature itself.

The heavens contain two moons at night and two suns
during the day. The moons' phases are not on the same
schedule. The smaller moon, Tchitloc, has a faster cycle
than the larger moon, which is called Ixcholi. The two suns
are roughly the same size, though each is smaller than
Earth's sun. Combined, they emit an amount of heat and
light roughly equal to Sol.

The sky is nearly always a beautiful blue, with magnifi-
cent sunsets. The few clouds roll in quickly and rain down
often on the jungle. City X gets the least rain of any
location in the Realm.

The plant life is abundant and green. All the flora is
indigenous to Earth, but there are species from many
different times and places. Cycads and club moss grow side
by side with flowering plants.


The fauna is even more spectacular. There are a few
dinosaurs; most are herbivorous, though the occasional T-
not unknown. Creatures of the Cenozoic dwell here
s well: titanotheres, megatheria and sabertooth tigers are
all found. There are lions, tigers, bears, monkeys, rabbits,
wolves, falcons, owls, crickets, piranhas, cats, spiders, trilo-
bites, sea scorpions and nearly everything else. Somehow,
the creatures have developed a functional ecosystem.
There are three mountains of note, though none are
very large. There are many hills and valleys, but virtually all
are covered with rainforest. The place teems with life, and
it is dangerous to travel alone, not only because of the
danger of getting lost, but also out of fear of being eaten.
Huge lakes and rivers may be found in the deepest parts
of the jungle. Many of the outsiders build their cities along
the banks. The cities closely resemble those of the ancient
Mayans. Gold is plentiful, as is stone, making their work
easier. The cities are not as beautiful as City X, but they are
still amazing accomplishments; some are even larger than

City X.
Denizens of the Realm

Aside from all the flora and fauna, descendants of
ancient Mayans share the Realm with the Chantr
Mayans left Earth at the same time the Chantry did, in
order to survive the conquest of the Europeans. These
people resemble ancient Mayans, with their traditional
dress, tanned skin and sloping foreheads. Their culture
likewise resembles that of the Mayans. They believe they

are in one of their 13 heavens, and they continue to
worship the same gods, though they call them by many
different names. They also continue to offer sacrifices of
their own flesh, animals, and the occasional human.

The three largest cities are Catlochuchi, Xionotcho
and IIlutixico. All three are sworn enemies of one another,
but none bother City X or its people unless they mistake
them for members of one of the other cities.

The people of City X and the mages avoid the outsid-
ers, for they fear the outsiders almost as much as the
outsiders fear them. Those few who have visited the outsid-
ersclaim to have dealt with Dreamspeaker priests who were
the cities' spokespersons. The citizens of City X
between their Tibetan and Mayan ancestors. Their cloth-
ing, their language, their appearance and their customs are
a strange blend of the two cultures.

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Entropy -1, Forces -2, Life +3,
Matter -1, Mind +2, Spirit +2

The Chantry

Vali Shallar is a strange Chantry. It combines ancient

are a cross

Oriental culture and ancient Mayan culture.

Description

Vali Shallar: The Chantry is very beautiful. It is a
large, crystalline building with a smooth surface and an
opaque, silver-pink sheen. It is very tall; many auxiliary

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 65


towers surround the one central tower, which stretches
into the sky. The entire Chantry is at least 20 stories tall.
The surrounding towers attach to the main structure in
very fluid, smooth connections, as if the entire place were
formed from the same piece of glass. The Chantry material
is as tough as stone, maybe tougher.

The place is lit by the suns during the day, as their rays
pierce the glass-like walls all around the place. Additional
electrical lights built into the ceilings provide light during
the night, filling the place with a glow that can be seen from
a great distance. The exterior walls allow light in and are
transparent from the inside, but the Chantry's interior
cannot be viewed from the outside.

The Chantry is filled with all the living comforts the
mages desire. Each mage has her own large, loft-like apart-
ment, and there are even elevators in the Chantry. The
Chantry has a large armory and storage area. It also has a
hosting area large enough to accommodate the mages, all
their servants, and Vali Shallar's entire army. This is used
for special occasions such as dinners and speeches.

Surrounding the actual Chantry building is a city
similar to City X on Earth; it is, however, at least 10 times
as large. It has Incan art and architecture, but it also bears
some Oriental influence. Each family of servants has its
own living quarters filled with any desired conveniences,
though most live very rustic lifestyles. The city has no
vehicles; everyone simply walks.

The Los Angeles Estate: This manifestation of Vali
Shallar is a large, modern beachfront estate. The house has
a large, walled courtyard with a wrought-iron gate; addi-
tionally, the estate is set back from the road so it cannot be
seen. The walls have security sensors. Five dogs guard the
estate, in addition to the five servants who also serve as
guards when needed. The house has modern accommoda-
tions. The ley lines to the site are well hidden below the
Pacific Ocean. The garage contains several sports cars, a
few sedans and a van.

The Shanghai House: This aspect of the Chantry is a
walled-in home in the rich section of Shanghai. The home
is guarded at all times by five Rotweillers and five armed
guards. The estate has three cars and a huge mundane
library. It also has an arsenal of weapons.

The Birganj Monastery: This monastery is located in
southern Nepal. It is located near a small town, but no
outsiders know of the monastery. It is believed the Dalai
Lama once lived in the Chantry, but this is only legend.
The monastery serves as a place of tranquillity, a place for
the mages to replenish their souls. The monastery has no
special equipment, vehicles or weapons. However, any who
steal from the monastery or commit violence against it die
horribly within a month or so.

The Lost City X: City X is the original earthly aspect
of the Chantry, before it joined with Vali Shallar. The city,
located in southern Peru, has remained protected from
discovery by "coincidences." The city serves as the home

66 The Book of Chantries

for the Jabhi-yazer. The Chantry is located in an isolated
area; no known Sleepers have ever seen the city, though
some of the old villagers tell tales ofa lost city in the jungle's
depths.

The Chantry looks like a renovated Mayan city. The
temples are huge, and the city covers a large area, though
much of it is no longer inhabited. The city does have wells,
and a stream of fresh water passes through it. There is even
ancient plumbing of sorts. Indeed, the only anachronisms
are the mages. Most dress in traditional Mayan clothing,
but some few dress in robes or modern garb. The Chantry
has only one jeep, but it does have a helicopter. There is a
weapons cache in the basement of one of the temples, just
in case.

The Chantry was once spotted by a platoon of Pentex
First Teams in helicopters. Fomori teams landed and slew
several guards before being forced to retreat. Only a "coin-
cidental" explosion of napalm prevented Pentex from
discovering the Dreamspeaker Chantry.

Purpose

Vali Shallar was founded to preserve the old teachings.
The Chantry is to serve as a sanctuary to its members and
to stay out of all external conflicts that do not endanger the
Chantry.

The Rachar has finally come to the decision that the
mages of Vali Shallar must take part in the Ascension War.
The members of the Jabhi-yazer oppose this view, believing
the chances of success against the Technocracy to be slim.
In their minds, the only way to survive is to remain
unknown to the outside world.

History

Vali Shallar was once named Xthichticha. It was a
Dreamspeaker Ancestral Chantry of Toltec origins. The
mages believed Gaia had many shards just as the Pure Ones
did. These shards became the Toltec gods, who later
became the Mayan gods, in whose names the mages tore out
living hearts and mutilated their own bodies. The mages
did not see Gaia as a generous, loving mother, but a
masculine being without a human conscience. Their wor-
ship of Gaia was based more on fear than on love.

In A.D. 739, the Mayan Dreamspeaker Chantry, a
massive pyramid in the Horizon Realm, was besieged by
members of the Akashic Brotherhood, who sought to
control the Realm themselves. The Akashic Brothers made
their home in a temple in the Himalayas. They controlled
no Realm, but had Portals to many places. Both groups used
the same Nodes and they had previously skirmished on
Skultos Island. The Akashic Brothers learned of the Hori-
zon Realm and crossed into it through its shallowing at one
of the Node sites. The battle between the two sides was
bloody, but the Dreamspeakers, who were caught unpre-
pared, and whose combat style was designed to incapacitate
(so the opponent could later be sacrificed), were defeated.


The Akashic Brothers informed the Dreamspeakers
that they would allow them to stay as long as they at-
tempted no retribution. The Akashic Brothers added that
they had been forced from their own Chantry by a rival
faction of Akashic Brothers. Over time, the Mayan
Dreamspeakers and the Tibetan Akashic Brothers formed
aclose bond.

The Akashic Brothers allowed the Dreamspeakers to
share control over the Realm, and they agreed not to harm
the other Mayan cities in the jungles of the Realm. They
never did, and today those Mayan cities still exist in the
deep jungle.

Chantry Inhabitants

Some of the people of City X serve the mages. They
even run the Chantries on Earth for the mages. Most of the
Acolytes are recruited from the people of the Realm,
though there are a couple of Umbrood Acolytes as well.

Internal Structure and
Relations

The Chantry has never been a place of intrigue or
political conflict. It has maintained the old ways, and the
old ways require obedience and respect. The members of
the Rachar make all the important decisions, and their
word is final. However, in recent times, their authority has
been questioned by even the most loyal. If this is a sign of
things to come, the Chantry may face many problems in the
near future.

The Chantry's covenant was written shortly after the
Akashic Brotherhood joined the Chantry. The covenant
has never been revised, and all rules since that time have
been handed down orally. Among such oral rules are the
methods by which mages are selected to join the Rachar,
and rules concerning proper punishment. Any act that
intentionally harms the Chantry in any way usually results
in the expulsion or execution of the offender.

External Relations

The Rachar have long attempted to keep the Chantry

totally isolated from the outside world, but this has proved

tobe an impossible task. The Realm was invaded about 60
years ago by Progenitors, who were only narrowly defeated.
The activities of the Yultasi and the Hands of Hope have
also prevented anonymity.

Still, the Chantry is only legend, as the mages never
confirm its existence.

Status and Reputation

City X and Vali Shallar remain mysteries to the out-
side world. Therefore, the Chantry has no Reputation and
no Status among the Traditions. Still, the Yultasi and the
Hands of Hope are well-respected cabals.

Status: 0


Reputation: 0 (anonymity)

Policy Regarding Outsiders

The Chantry is protected by the Jabhi-yazer, who
allow no outsiders into the Realm or into any aspect of the
Chantry. After the Hands of Hope incident, only visitors
invited by the Rachar can enter. The only known visitors
in the last 100 years have been the Progenitor attackers,
ambassadors from the Chantry of El Dorado, anda handful
of Tradition mages whose memories of the Chantry were
entirely erased. The mages do not like killing and try to
erase the memories of all such intruders when possible.

The Chantry does not approve of the use of Rogues,
but the Yultasi have worked with Rogues ona few occasions
to thwart the Marauders.

Allies and Enemies

Vali Shallar is allied with Surya, an Umbrood Lord
who helped the Chantry to create its heavenly bodies.
Surya is a burgundy-robed, four-armed, dark-skinned being
with an eye in the middle of its forehead. It is very peaceful
and appears to the Chantry only once every five years. The
Chantry has also allied itself in the past with four Umbrood
brethren known as the Toci, strange humanoid beings who
control the four elements. The Yultasi control two cults of
Sleepers, one in Shanghai and one in Los Angeles, who
serve as scouts and informants.

For centuries, Vali Shallar enjoyed cordial relations
with the Realm of El Dorado. If the Storyteller has played
out the events in the Werewolf supplement Rage Across the
Amazon, the mages of Vali Shallar may notice that their
former ally no longer exists. They will not be pleased by this
turn of events...

Vali Shallar is at odds with an Umbrood spirit called
the Eater of Pigeons. This spirit may be a Rogue Nephandi;
in any event, it is quite powerful. It has occasionally allied
itself with the cities in the jungles. Three Umbrood Precep-
tors have also caused trouble on more than one occasion,
but the Jabhi-yazer has dealt harshly with them and they
are not likely to return. Predictably, the mages have been
forced to battle Pentex, which has recently turned some of
its attention to the mages.

The Yultasi and the Hands of Hope have made en-
emies of several Technocracy Constructs, including two
Iteration X CPUs, two Progenitor Research Facilities, and
Null-B. The Yultasi are at odds with several powerful
anarch vampires in Los Angeles.

Research Capacities

Vali Shallar was meant to be a place where mages
could conduct their magickal research in peace, and it is.
However, the Dreamspeakers and the Akashic Brother-
hood of the Chantry have never been interested in keeping
records of their studies. In addition, some of the Chantry's
mundane material is hopelessly dated.

68 The Book of Chantries

The mages make every effort to train the new members
of the Chantry, but only the Hands of Hope accept new
apprentices from outside the Realm, and they have little
time to teach them. Most of the apprentices are either
Akashic Brothers or Dreamspeakers chosen from the people
of City X.

While in the past much time was devoted to study,
much of the knowledge was simply passed down orally
rather than placed in writing. Half of the Chantry's library
was destroyed by the Progenitors in their attack, and most
of the mages do not have time to teach one another orally.

The Hands of Hope has helped to strengthen the
research aspects of the Chantry, for research is crucial to its
missions. The Yultasi is believed to have its own secret
library in a safehouse on Earth, containing all the arcane
lore the cabal has managed to barter from other mages and
capture from the Technomancers (who had stolen it from
other Tradition mages).

Alvin Reynolds, the only Virtual Adept of the Chantry,
has brought Vali Shallar into the computer age. All aspects
of the Chantry have computers. Those in Los Angeles and
Shanghai are linked into a number of networks, allowing
Reynolds to travel among them freely. Vali Shallar does
not have any contacts itself, but the Yultasi and the Hands
of Hope have a few of their own.

Quintessence in the form of Tass is readily available to
all the mages, but moderation is the rule. No one may abuse
his rights by using Tass for personal gain, using it against
other members of the Chantry, or selling Tass.

Stories

The theme of stories taking place in Vali Shallar is
mystery. Primeval mists shroud the forgotten lands, and the
legendary nature of the Chantry extends even to the
mythic places that anchor it to Earth. Everything in the
Realm should inspire inquisitive players to learn all that
they can about this wondrous land.

Vali Shallar is exotic, from the steaming jungles of the
Chu Artan Node to the deadly forests of Skultos Island.
The dress, language, customs and outlook of the inhabit-
ants of City X stand as attractive contrasts to the world of
many player characters.

Story Ideas for Vali Shallar

1. It is unlikely that player characters will come from
Vali Shallar itself unless the chronicle begins there. If the
characters discover the Realm themselves, the Rachar will
be angry. How will the players contend with the angry cabal
and keep their memories intact at the same time?

2. Vali Shallar is invaded by the Progenitors and their
Superior servants after a captured mage reveals the location
of the Chantry to save his life and the lives of a few
innocents. Even if the Progenitors are defeated, will the
player characters be willing to kill captured Progenitors to


keep the secret of the Realm from reaching the ears of other
Technomancers? What if mages of the Hands of Hope are
captured? What happens to the character who admits to
revealing the location of the Chantry?

3. The unthinkable occurs: the Dreamspeakers get

into a dispute with the Akashic Brothers, inciting a civil
war between them. What do the player characters do? Can
they restore peace before they become victims?

4. Gargantuan dinosaurs and cyclopean gorillas pass
through the shallowing on Skultos Island into the jungle.

They begin killing the people who live in the jungle,

including those of the three enemy cities. Will the charac-
ters attempt to aid the city dwellers against these mutual
threats? Will they attempt to kill the creatures, taking the
lives of some of the few remaining holdovers from a more
magickal time, or will they try to transport them back to the
island alive? If so, how will they do it?

5. Trouble with Pentex escalates. The Nodes and the
Chantry on Earth are in grave danger. The Nodes are slowly

usurped or destroyed. Will Pentex learn of the Realm? Will
it attempt to invade it? Will Samuel Haight (who work
with Pentex) show up? Will the characters become in-
volved in the fight against Pentex? How fa
protect the Chantry

will they go to

ecrets?

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 69


The Sepulcher:
A Haunted Mansion
of the Hollow Ones

The joy and hope of an alternative

has become its own cliché.

A hairstyle's not a lifestyle,

Imagine Sid Vicious at 35.

— The Dead Kennedys, "Chickenshit Conformist"

Somewhere in Chicago, several Orphan run-
aways have gathered together for mutual

protection, taking a haunted house as their

refuge. Under the leadership of a charismatic
young mage, they have carved themselves a
small niche of their own in one of the most
dangerous cities in America.

There'
night...

Cabals

There is only one cabal within the Sepulcher. They

one more group roaming Chicago by

own the Chantry and live in it.

The Children of Lilith (a.k.a.
Lilith's Kids)

Background: Lilith's Kids compris

Blood Dolls and their friends. They choose to exist outside

s several former

mage society. They learned on their own and want to
remain independent.
They want to learn as much as possible about the
World of Darkn
They want the truth — the truth behind the myths,
the truth about themselves, the truth behind all the legends
of the night.

Mary Lou "Bitch Queen" Vannoy

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Critic

Essence: Pattern

Tradition: Hollow One

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 2, Culture 2,
Drive 2, Expression 4, Investigation 3, Leadership 3, Melee 2,
Occult 2, Research 3, Streetwise 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avatar 3, Talisman 2

Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 2, Matter 4, Prime 1

70 The Book of Chantries

Willpower: 6

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 6

Paradox: 5

Background: Mary Lou's parents wanted a budding
Southern belle. What they got was a rebellious tomboy
with a talent for talking the other kids into trouble. Pretty
as she was, Mary Lou wanted no part of her parents' plans
and ran away at 14. She would've ended up a casualty of
some pimp's game if not for a brutal Awakening that cost
two chickenhawks their lives (the "murders" are still un-
solved).

With her awareness came curiosity. While searching
for answers to the sudden puzzle her life had become, Mary
Lou (nicknamed Lou) befriended the rest of her cabal. Her
strong personality, stunning looks and aggressive disposi-
tion made her the group's natural leader. She plays lead
guitar with a local thrash band and has plenty of fans. Most
of the group's Allies are her personal friends. She is,
however, compulsively organized; hence her title "Bitch


Queen." Herman likes to call her "Mom" to piss her off. To
watch her really go ballistic, though, call her Mary Lou....

Image: Mary Lou isa striking girl of just under 20. Her
hair is a lustrous black and reaches nearly to her waist. She
braids various "tails" of it in thin barbed wire. Her features
combine the best aspects of her Cherokee, English and
Swedish ancestry: high cheekbones, a lean build and green
eyes. If she owns a single piece of colorful clothing, no one
has ever seen it. She tends oward black jeans, Doc Martens
and thick sweaters. Her persistent Georgia accent is the
bane of her existence

Roleplaying Notes: Bitch Queen Vannoy is a major-
league control freak, but someone's gotta keep these kids in
line! She dominates any conversation by sheer force of
personality. Lou can be a really sweet kid if everything goes
her way — she's really a people person at heart. She finds
out all she can about other folks, but keeps her own secrets
well hidden.

Alvin Locke

Nature: Avant-Garde

Demeanor: Bravo

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Hollow Ones

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Computer 4,
Dodge 3, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Melee 3, Occult 2,

Research 3, Streetwise 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 1, Influence 3
Spheres: Forces 1, Life 2, Mind 1, Prime 2
Willpower: 8

Arete: 2

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 4

Background: Alvin's the general muscle for Lilith's
Kids, but anyone who thinks that he's just another dumb
jock is mistaken. He's a husky brawler with a quick brain to
match, a computer geek in the body of a football player.

Despite his physical prowess, Alvin prefers the com-
pany of computers to most people. Hacking gives him an
outlet for his more antisocial tendencies, and drumming for
Lou's band lets him vent more physical kinds of steam. He
still gets into more than his share of fights, though, and Lou
has threatened to kick him out of the house if he continues
to pick on Herman. Although he seems like a natural
choice for the Virtual Adepts, Alvin's magick is of a more
physical variety. Filtering it through a computer isn't his
style. Alvin destroys or defaces almost everything of value
that he owns, thus showing his contempt for material
sions.

poss:

Image: A stocky 18-year old with patchy hair dyed a
variety of colors. All of his clothes are tattered, torn or
sprayed with multicolored paint. Not even his drums and
computer are safe — each has been spray-painted and
covered with bright decals. Alvin acts so damn weird that
even the local gangs are scared of him. He likes it that way.

Roleplaying Notes: Guess what sort of strange behav-
ior will get the most entertaining results, and act accordingly.
pt
your closest friends. Down deep, you're not all bad, but you
know that you're dead meat if you don't act like a chaotic
asshole. Tease your buddies mercilessly, but pummel any-
one who threatens them in any way.

You prefer to be left alone, so scare away everyone

Herman "Munster" Fleming

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Survivor

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Hollow Ones

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Com-
puter 2, Cosmology 2, Culture 3, Dodge 3, Drive 1, Enigmas 3,
Etiquette 3, Linguistics 4, Meditation 3, Occult 3, Research 2,
Streetwise 4

Backgrounds: Arcane 2, Avatar 3, Library 4

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Mind 2, Prime 2, Time 2

Willpower: 6

Arete: 2

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 2

Background: Herman's cruel nickname (courtesy of
Alvin, whom he calls "Chipmunk" in return) derives from
his gangly height. Herman is nearly six-and-one-half feet
tall and barely 180 pounds. Herman's mop of dyed black

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 71


hair and large brown eyes mark him as either pretty or
pathetic, depending on your tastes.

Bei
was kicked out of his house at 16. He walked the local

ause his own "tastes" ran to other men, Herman

chicken strip until his friendship with Lou literally saved
his life. With her help, he explored his own magickal
abilities and quickly built up an extensive occult collec-
tion. Of all of Lilith's Kids, Herman is the most analytical
and obsessive. The local band scene is his favorite outlet for
frustration; he can be found dancing out his pent-up hostil-
ity four or five nights a week at the Succubus Club or other
similar places.

Image: A tall and incredibly skinny guy just shy of 20.
His once-blond hair has been dyed flat black, and badly,
too. He favors trenchcoats, patched jeans, and local band
T-shirts with threadbare Converse Al

Stars.

Roleplaying Notes: Withdraw in social situations
unless the topics turn to the occult, religion, metaphysics,

politics or art. Then speak energetically, almost frantically
You have restless
awkward, like a giant marionette.

and expressive hands, but your body is

Christine "Hutch" Hutchenson
Nature: Jester

Demeanor: Loner

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Hollow Ones

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
na 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Cosmol-
ogy 3, Culture 3, Drive 1, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2,
Occult 4, Research 3, Stealth 2, Streetwise 2

Backgrounds: Arcane 4, Avatar 3, Library 3

Spheres: Forces 3, Matter 1, Prime 2
72 The Book of Chantries

Willpower: 9
Arete: 3
Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 5

Background: A manic-depressive for as long as she
can remember, Hutch refined her morbid sense of humor
on her family, classmates, and few friends. Never a "pretty"
girl, Christine rejected the whole concept of femininity,

outgrossing, outdaring and usually outfighting all the local

boys. Since nobody would want her, she reasoned, she

would make sure that nobody forgot her, either.

» Hutch

duringa face-off with an angry werewolf.

The most recently Awakened of the ‘Ki
gained her powe
Instead of freaking out, she blasted the thing with a bolt of

pure Forcesand ran like hell, then stopped to figure itall out

later.
Beneath her obnoxious exterior, Hutch is a loyal
friend. Anyone that can put up with her is considered good
enough to be worth her time. Though she would sooner die
than admit it, Hutch is lonely; she uses her jet-black humor
to cover the fact. Hutch fell in with the others in the
Succubus Club labyrinth, and hasasecret crush on Herman

though she knows it's a lost cause. The two are rarely apart

for any length of time, and she is fiercely jealous whenever
he feels, but

he meets a lover. Hutch isn't nearly as ugly as
no one can tell her this. Her book collection is the most
extensive in the Chantry.

Image: A short, stocky girl of about 17, with curly,

shoulder-length black hair, large green glasses, and con-

stantly blinking blue eyes. Hutch carries herself with a
defiant air and condescending manner. She seems psy-
chotic to most people, and probably is. She typically wears
dyed black (badly), Doc Martens, and dark-
ings with large runs in them.

long dr


ee er ee

Roleplaying Notes: Life sucks. Why not laugh at it?
What else're you gonna do? Nobody said the joke had to be
funny.

Nodes of the Sepulcher

The Children of Lilith control no Nodes, but they
know of one in the sewers controlled by the Bone Gnawers,
and the Garou allow them to use it. In exchange, the mages
bring the Garou needed food and supplies, and they occa-
sionally perform services for them via magick. These services
range from helping them win the lottery to removing all the
rats, roaches and other pests from their dens.

The Sepulcher

The house is three stories tall and has 40 rooms. The
place is located in an older neighborhood of Chicago. None
of the neighbors wants anything to do with the mages,
believing them Satanists or members of a heavy metal
band. The house sits back 100 feet from the road; it is
surrounded by an old picket fence in need of painting. The
outside of the house could use a paint job as well. The lawn
usually needs cutting, for none of the mages wants the job,
and the cabal does not bother to hire someone.

There are five very old, very large oak trees in the yard;
one has an old swing on which little Nora the ghost likes to
play. The house's front porch has several rockers and a
porch swing. The garage holds three motorcycles, two
sports cars and Herman Fleming's collection of power tools.

The interior of the house is in good shape. It was
remodeled by the woman who sold the house, because
indelible bloodstains were all over everything. Bloodstains
still appear on the walls when it rains, and even form
messages sometimes (Hutch thinks these are pretty cool
and copies them all down in a notebook).

All the mages have their own private bedchambers.
Most of the house is a mess, but "Bitch Queen" Lou keeps
it from getting too foul. One study has been set aside for
quiet contemplation, but the rest of the house has not been
so lucky. Someone is always watching television or listen-
ing to loud music; the mages stay up until all hours of the
night, only to sleep all day.

There are three ghosts in the house: Nora, a cute 10-
year-old girl who was hacked apart by her brother; John,
who was stabbed 17 times in the chest; and Justin, an eight-
year-old boy who had his throat slit and was stabbed
repeatedly. The ghosts seldom appear, and always
They miss their parents and want to leave, but do not know

em sad.

how. They usually look like normal children, but some-
times appear to the characters as they looked at their time
of death. Despite their "children of the night" pretensions,
Lilith's Kids are kind of freaked out about living with
ghosts, but they deal with it relatively well.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries 73


Purpose

The Children of Lilith seek the answers to the ques-
tions of the supernatural. They are especially interested in
vampires. They wish to learn more about their own powers,
to establish themselves and to acquire more Nodes in the
city.

History

The Chantry isan old mansion dating back to the early
1800s. It survived the Great Chicago Fire and passed down
through many generations of a family. Ten years ago, late
one night, a son murdered his parents, grandfather, two
brothers and sister in the house. The house was closed for
three years, but a distant cousin inherited it and sold it to
the Hollow Ones. The cabal believed the place might have
other powers and possibly even be a Node site. They have
not yet found a Node.

Chantry Inhabitants
Servants? Right! They do have a few friends: Grace, a
Glass Walker of Chicago (described in Under a Blood Red
Moon, page 84), and Manuel Jarro, a Lasombra antitribu
vampire.

Internal Structure and
Relations

Vannoy's proddings aside, the ‘Kids have no system of
leadership and few rules. They generally do as they please
so long as they do not endanger the others. They are not,
by mutual agreement, allowed to bring visitors to the
Chantry without first clearing it with the others. Their two
"consors" know of the Chantry and live there at least semi-
regularly.

External Relations

The mages are virtually unknown in Chicago. Though
they watch the vampires from a distance, they prefer
anonymity for the present. Should the Jade Demon dis-
cover them, he would likely attempt to make them his
pawns.

The ‘Kids do not involve themselves in the war with
the Technocracy. They have never even seen any
Technomancers (at least none they recognized as such),
nor have they seen any Marauders or Nephandi. They have
had only minimal contact with a few other Tradition
mages.

Status and Reputation

The Children of Lilith are virtually unknown to all
save a handful of Tradition mages. Unless they use their
magick in the open (something they make a point not to

74. The Book of Chantries

do), they are likely to stay well hidden, slinking into the
Blood Doll subculture without being noticed.

Status: 0

Reputation: 2

Policy Regarding Outsiders

The clique has no set policy on outsiders, but its
members avoid outside entanglements. A new member
might be allowed to join if she were in dire straits, but the
‘Kids keep a low profile when dealing with the supernatu-
ral. If the events in Under a Blood Red Moon have
occurred, the Hollow Ones are lying very low, with an eye
toward filling a void somewhere in Chicago's nightlife.

Allies and Enemies

The mages have a few allies. They know Baby Chorus
and have helped the band out on occasion. They are also
allies to many of the Bone Gnawers of Chicago. Their
enemies include the Wolf Pack, an Archon gang that wants
to turn the mages into ghoul slaves.

Research Capacities

The mages have no real means of utilizing all their
powers, because they do not have a Horizon Realm. Still,
they do what they can with what they have.

The mages mostly teach themselves, though they
usually share what they learn with the others. They also
study at the Fanum, which is (unknowingly) under the
direction of the city's Garou. They are more diligent than
most Hollow Ones; most of the time not spent partying is
devoted to study.

The Chantry library is small, but it is growing. The
mages are gathering as many tomes as they can. They have
worked out a deal with the instructors at the Fanum, and
may thus make copies of many of their valuable arcane
tomes. The mages have had no problem acquiring the
money for this, because they coincidentally win enough
money in each week's lottery to pay all their expenses. The
Chantry's mundane library is almost totally devoted to the
study of the supernatural. It even has a large collection of
roleplaying games, including most of those put out by Black
Dog Game Factory (a division of Pentex). (The mages'
favorite games are Lycanthrope: The Rapture, Warlock: The
Pretension, Spectre: The Annihilation, and, of course, Vam-
pire: The Hidden.)

The mages have little in the way of an information
network. They have three Blood Dolls, a vampire hunter
and a Nosferatu as contacts.

The mages have no Quintessence available to them
through their Chantry. They are allowed to use the Node
near the Bone Gnawers' den, but that's about it. They
would like to discover another urban Node, but have been
unsuccessful so far.


Stories

Ironically enough, themes for the Sepulcher involve
rejuvenation. This Chantry, in its early Spring season,
represents a rebirth for the ‘Kids, who fled damaging pasts,
and for mage society in general. The fresh vision, mutual
respect and genuine friendship between these "Hollow
Ones" stands as a marked contrast to the dueling wizards of
Doissetep. The abandoned house has a new purpose, and
the mages within it stand at a new crossroads in the Path to
Ascension.

Optimism aside, the Sepulcher isa creepy place. Bloody
ghosts step out from around corners or swing in the back-
yard under a crescent moon. The ‘Kids are kind of creepy
themselves, but creepy in a cool way. Like a teenage
Addams Family, Lilith's Kids revel in their dark sides, and
are at peace with the night in their souls.

Story Ideas for the Sepulcher

1. The player characters are approached by one of the
Hollow Ones to participate in a seance in order to rid the
‘Kids' Chantry of the ghosts who haunt the place. Should
they succeed, the characters will have made good friends
among the Hollow Ones.

2. Every Halloween, the Hollow Ones throw a massive
party at some other supposedly haunted place in the city.
The characters are invited. However, the Hollow Ones did

not invite the Sabbat, who crash the party. Add a few
wraiths and some Garou, and you have one crazy Hallow-
een.

3. The Chantry discovers a Node located deep below
the house. It is protected by wraiths far older than those in
the house. The mages must rid the Node of the ghosts if
they are to control it themselves, and they need help. This
may also be the only way to free the ghosts who once lived
in the house. Perhaps a wraith gains control of one of the
‘Kids and rides him on a destructive spree. How will the

characters free the Hollow One of the possession and
protect the Chantry? How will they get rid of the ancient
ghosts? Perhaps the secret lies beneath the house itself?

4. The Hollow Ones discover a more powerful site on
which to found a Chantry. They trade their house to the
characters in lieu of as-yet-undefined services to be per-
formed. The characters will have to develop relations with
many Garou and vampires if they are to hold their new
Chantry, for both groups would like to control it them-
selves. Also, who knows what kind of missions the characters
will have to perform for the Hollow Ones?

5. The Sepulcher is attacked by a Technomancer
Shock Corps. The Hollow Ones are captured (possibly
taken to MECHA or some other Realm), and Grace and
Manuel come to the characters asking for help.

Chapter One: Tradition Chantries

ce.)



Chapter Two:

‘Technomancer
onstructs

The woods of Arcady are dead,

zs

And over it their antique joy;
Of old the world on dreaming fed;
Gray Truth is now her painted toy.

— William Butler Yeats, "Cross"

The Technocracy's Constructs are the twisted coun-
terparts of the Traditions' Chantries. While the Constructs
share many features with their rivals, their direction, meth-
ods and appearance make them different.

Constructs are composed of amalgams, similar in most
respects to cabals. The only difference is that in most cases,
Technomancers are assigned to a Construct by their supe-
tiors. The Traditions are not so rigid in structure.

Construct Nodes and
Technomancer Realms

Science, like nature, must also be tamed

With a view towards its preservation.

Given the same state of integrity

It will surely serve us well.

— Rush, "Natural Science"

Constructs utilize Nodes for power, much as
do Chantries, but they often "sanitize" these
Nodes, changing the appearance of the Nodes
to fit their needs (Chapter Four details this
process). In most cases, they build laborato-
ies, office buildings or similar structures atop
their Nodes.

Constructs' Horizon Realms function in the same manner
as other Horizon Realms, except they enforce static reality
rather than reduce it. Their Realms are filled with ad-
vanced technology. Their Realms are also well protected
by high-tech weaponry and mindless servants. Their earthly
aspects are always places of science and/or technology, such

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 77


as university science departments, factories, military in-
stallations, corporations and research facilities.

Most Constructs are led by either an Amalgam Prime,
composed of mages chosen for the task by their superiors, or
a Triumvirate, composed of only three Technomancers
chosen in a similar manner. Constructs have covenants,
often called articles of the Construct, which define specific
rules for members of that particular Construct.

Articles addend the body of Technomancer laws known
as the Precepts of Damion, named after the Technomancer
who created the body of law. Despite the rigidity of the
Technocracy, Technomancers are (in most cases) just as
human as Tradition mages. They intrigue and struggle
against one another for power, making the Constructs just
as politically treacherous as Chantries.

Information

We want information.
Information.
Information.

Who are you?

The new Number Two.

— The Prisoner

Much of the Technocracy's strength lies in its research
capacities. Its greatest power is the use of research to
enforce static reality. Tutelage is common, but almost all
basic training takes place at Technocracy Institutes of
Science. Construct arcane libraries are seldom as large as
those of the Technocracy, because many Constructs (and
individual Technomancers) refuse to share their collec-
tions with one another and because their magick is fairly
young.

Constructs of the New World Order have powerful
information systems. Even the networks of other Conven-
tions are quite extensive, for information is the
Technocracy's greatest weapon. Most information systems
are massive computer networks, and many have the brains
of former Technomancers hooked into them, the better to
analyze incoming data and recognize Virtual Adept intrud-
ers in the systems.

The following sections describe many variations on
the basic Construct; many are single-Convention Con-
structs designed to carry out the plans of their own
Convention. A typical Technocracy outpost, however, is a
multi-Convention Construct.


Soret ok ie

New World Order Regional
Headquarters

See there! A man is born, and we pronounce him fit for

peace,

There's a load lifted from his shoulders

With the discovery of his disease.

We'll take the child from him, put it to the test,

Teach it to be a wise man,

How to fool the rest.

—Jethro Tull, "Thick As a Brick"

The New World Order is the most powerful Conven-
tion in the Technocracy. It gained an edge over the other
Conventions through its highly organized structure and its
understanding that information holds power. While the
other Conventions dabbled with their new creation, sci-
ence, the New World Order began collecting information.
With the help of the Sons of Ether, crude living computers
were created to hold all the information gathered.

The New World Order's power waxed during the
1800s through effective use of information. While it did
not participate in direct creation of the scientific reality, it
did protect the other Conventions while they did the work.
The NWO garnered great power by infiltrating various
groups, including the nascent multi-Tradition Chantries.
The Convention thus learned many valuable secrets con-
cerning its enemies. Even the other Conventions were not
excluded from the New World Order's probing eyes. Soon
the NWO became the internal police of the Technocracy.
Its black-clad, inhuman agents removed all who posed a
threat — as defined by the New World Order.

Today, the New World Order is still the greatest
collector of information, though much of its valued data
was erased, modified or stolen by the Virtual Adepts when
they defected. Iteration X has carried the battle into the
Net after the Adepts, using jealously guarded techno-
magick, but the NWO wants to join the fight personally.
Some whisper of NWO mages who are developing the
technology needed to use the Net just as the Virtual Adepts
do.

New World Order Constructs serve as centers for
information assimilation and analysis. They maintain fa-
cades as credit bureaus. They also serve as espionage
headquarters and corporate branches. New World Order
Regional Headquarters are the most numerous and power-
ful of the single-Convention Constructs.

Most of these NWO Constructs are composed of four
or five amalgams, each representing a different department
within the Construct. The amalgams each oversee a differ-
ent area of information, and all the mages of the Construct
are experts in a particular field of information gathering.
The amalgams are loyal but paranoid. Their areas of inter-
est seldom cross, but when they do, they are fiercely
competitive.

Seldom does a Regional Headquarters control more
than one Node. The Nodes are guarded with high-tech
security devices and well-armed Men in Black. It is be-
lieved that no Regional Headquarters has a Horizon Realm
of its own, though some are linked to larger Realms serving
as bases for Prime Constructs.

The Headquarters are usually tall buildings, though
few are actual skyscrapers. They serve as storehouses for all
the data acquired. They also house several cadres of Men in
Black, as well as large arsenals. There are always Sleepers
employed in these Headquarters, serving as computer op-
erators and programmers. They have no idea they serve
mages, nor do they really know what their work is about.
The mages act as managers over these Sleepers.

Each Construct is presided over by a regional vice-
president, one individual who oversees all the activities of
the Construct. She receives orders from the top-level
leaders of the NWO and delegates them to underlings. A
department head leads each amalgam. The department
heads often meet with the regional vice-president to dis-
cuss current and future projects. Each Construct has itsown
articles, along with a set of company rules. These rules most
especially concern security, which the Sleepers must strictly
heed.

These Constructs have medium-level Status, but bad,
widely known Reputations. The mages do not allow visi-
tors into the workplace, because the workplace is the
Construct. The Constructs have no allies. Squatter
Chantries and newer multi-Tradition Chantries with Vir-
tual Adept members constantly cause problems for the
NWO Regional Headquarters, which is why the number of
Men in Black stationed at these Constructs has steadily
risen.

These Constructs provide limited on-the-job training
to their mages and continuous computer training to their
Acolytes. In fact, the NWO has several of its own computer
languages, which tend to be far more diverse and efficient
than known computer languages. The NWO does not like
using outside contacts, for it trusts no one. Instead, one of
the amalgams oversees its own spies and investigators.

Iteration X Central Processing

Onit

Technopoly eliminates alternatives to itself in precisely the
way that Aldous Huxley outlined in Brave New World. It does
not make them illegal. It does not make them immoral. It does
not even make them unpopular. It makes them invisible, and
therefore irrelevant.

—Neil Postman, Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture
to Technology

The individual who controls technology controls the
world, and Iteration X dominates nearly every aspect of
technology. Through technology, Iteration X is more readily
able to shape the minds of the Sleepers than is any other
Convention, capturing Sleepers' imaginations with the

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 79

bs ies


wonders of computer technology and cybernetic research.
In addition, Iteration X's cold, unfeeling machines make
excellent warriors of the Pogrom, providing the Technoc-
racy with the power to protect itself and to purge the world
of all magickal threats, especially the Traditions.

An Iteration X Central Processing Unit (It X-CPU) is
a Construct designed to implement the plans of
Autochthonia. The Construct serves as an outpost filled
with HIT Marks and other, more devious devices. The
mages of the CPU repair and build the weapons of Iteration
X. CPUs also serve as central command headquarters over
particular areas of the Earth. All Iteration X missions must
receive the Construct's knowledge and approval, and they
must be informed even when Iteration X mages or HIT
Marks of other Constructs are utilized within their terri-
tory. Each CPU also serves as an information center. The
various android spies of Iteration X report their findings to
these Constructs. Finally, the Constructs are used for top-
secret research.

Most CPUs have three amalgams. One amalgam, the
Apparatus, carries out missions, Another amalgam, the
Machinists, repairs and builds necessary equipment. The
last amalgam, the Foremen, oversees the other two amal-
gams, maintains contact with the Convention leaders,
reports progress, and oversees its computer network and
android spies. Each amalgam comprises only the most loyal
and cooperative mages. The leaders of the Convention
keep their more competitive underlings in the multi-
Convention Constructs.

Most CPUs have no Nodes of their own. Instead, their
Quintessence needs are provided for by MECHA, a prison
Construct under Iteration X's domination. This allows the
CPUs to be located in the most practical areas, rather than
forcing them to set up shop at some inconvenient location
just because that is where a Node is located.

All the CPUs are linked to Autochthonia by special
Portal devices of their own construction. These Portals are
seldom used, as they require large amounts of Quintessence
to power them. Most communication with Autochthonia
takes place through a weird communication system com-
posed of machines containing the brains of psychics. The
natural powers of the brains are amplified and controlled
through the machines themselves, allowing for radiolike
communication with the homeworld without expending
Quintessence.

On Earth, a CPU usually appears to be a factory, large
warehouse or similar type of building. These Constructs are
filled with robotics laboratories where HIT Marks are built
and repaired. There are large arsenals of weapons and other
high-tech devices. The Constructs are always protected by
Centurion androids and advanced security systems.

The internal workings of all of these CPUs are just
alike. Each of the three amalgams has its own duties, and
while the Foremen have the most power, all are necessary
in order for the CPU to fulfill its duties. The CPUs have a

80 The Book of Chantries

common set of articles by which they must abide, in
addition to the Precepts of Damion. These articles basically
describe mission etiquette, security procedures, and day-to-
day operations.

These Constructs have some small degree of Status,
though they are held in contempt by the NWO. Their
research capacities are not very good. Most research is
handled through the machine Realm. They offer no tute-
lage, and their arcane and mundane libraries are small.
Each CPU's computers are linked to those of other CPUs.

Progenitor Experimentation
Facility

When historians look back on the twentieth century, they
will conclude that its first half was shaped by the physical sciences
but its second by biology.

— Nossal and Coppel, Reshaping Life: Key Issues in
Genetic Engineering

The Progenitors conceal many of their secret experi-
ments from the prying eyes of the New World Order and
the other Conventions. In their own private laboratories,
the Progenitors create many types of living things: servitor
creatures, clones and monstrous warriors. Some claim that
a few of the Progenitors' facilities have been usurped by
some of their own creations.

The Progenitor Experimentation Facilities are used for
more than just research; they are the command centers for
the Convention. The myriad clones serving as spies and
assassins report to these Constructs. Even the other Con-
ventions of the Technocracy have no idea of the extent of
the Progenitor spy network. It has infiltrated all the other
Conventions and Traditions. The only things keeping the
Progenitors from controlling the Technocracy are their
trepidation, lack of organization and constant internal
competition.

The facilities also serve as body banks holding cloned
bodies for many of the Progenitors anda few leaders of other
Conventions who are sympathetic to the Progenitors'
interests.

Progenitor Constructs vary in size, but most have four
or five amalgams. Each amalgam focuses on one area of
research, such as animal hybridization, human mutation,
cloning, fetal alteration, controlled and accelerated evolu-
tion, or anything else relating to the Construct's interests.
While they are scientific-minded mages, many are equally
interested in power. Because of this, many of the amalgams
compete with one another, thus limiting their potential for
accomplishment.

Indeed, the Progenitors are perhaps the most competi-
tive ofall the Traditions, as the Darwinian ideal of "survival
of the fittest" greatly appeals to these masters of evolution.
Leadership within the Experimentation Facilities is con-
stantly in flux, as leaders are deposed, murdered orexecuted
for failure.


Each Progenitor Experimentation Facility usually con-
trols one or two powerful Nodes that produce enough
Quintessence to maintain small Realms and carry out the
mages' experiments. If the Construct has more than one
Node, the most powerful Node serves as the site of the
facility, while the other has a small laboratory built upon it.
Such a lab is well guarded by strange mutants and one or
two members of the Construct.

All Progenitor Experimentation Facilities have access
to Horizon Realms, either their own or one belonging to a
superior Construct. Most mages prefer their own, despite its
limited size. Because of the disturbing nature of their
experiments, the mages must work in an area far from
outside interference and the laws of Paradox. While the
Technocracy is enforcing scientific reality, this reality is
limited to that which the Sleepers can comprehend. To
that end, the Progenitors' Media Indoctrination Depart-
ment is forever fueling the public's expectations of genetic
experimentation. Jurassic Park was a great triumph for the
Progenitors.

The Progenitor Constructs are filled with large labora-
tories. There are private labs for each of the mages and
communal labs for all the larger experiments. Hidden
sections of the Construct contain various experiments
gone horribly wrong. Scientific and medical equipment is
abundant. Glass tanks filled with amniotic fluids contain
developing clones. Strange operations are performed in
high-tech surgical bays. There are rooms filled with caged
animals ranging from rats to monkeys to humans, which
serve as test subjects and donors in the Convention's
inhumane experiments. These facilities are well guarded by
loyal creations of the Progenitors.

Asalready noted, Experimentation Facilities serve the
Progenitors as centers for conducting their infiltration into
other organizations. All these activities fall to one Amal-
gam Prime, which is quite powerful. While all the other
Mages engage in experimentation, the members of this
amalgam no longer have time for such things. They work to
increase the power of the Progenitors, and their own power
aswell. Most Progenitors would love tojoin their Construct's
Amalgam Prime, so they often compete with one another
for a coveted slot, leading to plenty of conspiracy within
the Convention.

Experimentation Facilities generally have at leastsome
Status, though it varies based on how important the
Construct's research is to the Technocracy as a whole.
Most have bad Reputations, because of their competitive-
nessand the other Conventions' distrust. Certain members
of other Conventions have persuaded the Progenitors to
provide them with clones and weird creatures. In payment,
they have agreed to aid the Experimentation Facilities
whenever possible. These Constructs have few enemies, for
they attack their foes through subtle means.


Their research capacities are incredible, providing
tutelage, libraries, information systems (especially spies)
and laboratories. If given focus and unity, the Progenitors
could easily become the most powerful Convention.

Syndicate Command Center

Master of puppets pulling your strings

Twisting your mind and slashing your dreams,

Blinded by me, you can't see a thing,

Just call my name ‘cause I'll hear you scream!

Master!

Master!

—Metallica, "Master of Puppets"

Many Syndicate mages tend to work alone, serving as
officers in various corporations, kingpins of organized crime,
or presidents of powerful financial institutions. Some are
even said to hold positions of great power in many govern-
ments. However, these mages do not have free rein to do as
they please. They must answer to their leaders, and they do
this through the Syndicate Command Centers.

The orders of the hidden leaders of the Syndicate pass
down through these Constructs and into the hands of the
various Sleeper institutions the Convention controls. Of-
ten, the orders from the Syndicate leaders must be developed
into actual plans for implementation. This too is handled
by the mages of the Command Centers.

Syndicate Command Centers are composed of two or
threeamalgams, called "committees." One committee serves
as the Prime Council, which functions in an identical
fashion to an Amalgam Prime. The other cabals answer to
it. The committees are very organized and loyal. The Prime
Council issues orders given to it by the leaders of the
Convention.

The members of the Prime Council spend the entirety
of their time working out of the Construct. The other
committees are composed of mages in a particular line of
work. For instance, all the businesspersons of the Construct
belong to one cabal, coordinating their efforts so they do
not interfere with each other's plans. The same holds true
for the organized crime heads and those involved in the
media. Both committees and individual mages are com-
petitive when it comes to their personal interests, but they
put aside their personal squabbles to present a common
front.

These Command Centers utilize "unsanitized" Nodes,
using Acolytes, spirit guardians, and state-of-the-art secu-
rity systems to protect the Quintessence supply. They
rarely have Horizon Realms.

Syndicate Constructs vary greatly in appearance, but
their earthly aspects are usually private floors in skyscrap-
ers; their Construct is seldom their Node site. The Syndicate
members have a number of Acolytes who serve them,
particularly Sleeper office personnel and bodyguards. Syn-
dicate Command Centers always maintain large arsenals

82. The Book of Chantries

and keep sizable supplies of cash on hand, in addition to
nearly limitless credit. These Constructs usually own pri-
vate jets and large numbers of limousines. Command Centers
are always protected by guardian spirits, well-armed guards
and high-tech security systems.

These Constructs coordinate and oversee the comple-
tion of the Convention's plans. They abide by their own
codes of rules in addition to the Precepts of Damion.

These Constructs have high Status, unlike most other
single-Convention Constructs, because it is up to them to
introduce the works of the other Conventions to Sleepers.
They control a great portion of the consumer and financial
markets in the world. Reputations, however, tend to be
poor; the Syndicate's methods are harsh, and the other
Conventions do not trust these gangster-mages.

Syndicate Command Centers have small arcane li-
braries, though their mundane libraries are extensive. Their
computer-based information systems are inferior to the
New World Order's, but on par with Iteration X's. In
addition, they donot have laboratories, for they perform no
research.

Void Engineer Exploration and
Development Station

For time has improved us

In the order of our years,

In the discipline of our ways

And in the passing of momentary stillness

We can view our chaos in motion

And the subsequent collisions of fools

Well versed in the subtle art of slavery.

—Dead Can Dance, "In the Kingdom of the Blind, the
One-Eyed are Kings"

The Void Engineers serve the Technocracy best when
they serve alone, which is why few Void Engineers actually
belong to multi-Convention Constructs. The other Con-
ventions have no interest in such work, just as the Void
Engineers take no interest in the Pogrom.

The Void Engineers' Exploration and Development
Stations are bases from which the Void Engineers launch
their probes into the Deep Umbra. They are also used as
laboratories to test the findings brought back from their
missions. Many of these stations compete with one an-
other, but all share their findings with one another, as it is
the professional thing to do.

These stations do not usually control Nodes of any
sort. Instead, the Engineers use special devices of their own
creation to harness ambient Quintessence from the Deep
Umbra. The Void Engineers have steadfastly refused to
share their technology.

The Void Engineers use their Quintessence primarily
for research. However, they occasionally create Realms of
their own. These Realms are seldom large in size, but they
do have special defenses to protect them from invaders.

They also have devices that create fields of energy to ward
against all outsiders, even other Technomancers.

Void Engineer stations vary in appearance, but most
look like large research centers. The Constructs are kept
under guard by well-armed, loyal Umbrood minions and
special security systems. The Constructs have specially
designed observation devices; these allow them to see the
Deep Umbra as a Sleeper would see the sky through a
powerful telescope. They also build and utilize countless
Deep Umbral probes and Umbraships, and it is thought
that some Void Engineer Realms actually travel as if they
were ships.

The internal workings of the Void Engineer Con-
structs vary from Construct to Construct. Some claim there
are no absolute leaders within the Convention. All Void
Engineers do have the same basic political structure. The
members' work is presided over by a Triumvirate. The
members are supposedly equal, and they decide what the
Construct will research. Each Construct has its own ar-
ticles, which basically state the parameters and general
direction of their exploration and development. Most Void
Engineers are not good politicians, so intrigue is limited at
best.

The Void Engineers resemble the Sons of Ether in
many ways, though both would deny the similarities. Both
groups tend to be composed of loners gathered together to
explore a common obsession. Both fit the "mad scientist"
stereotype in many ways, and prefer to be left alone with
their research. Both are visionary, aching to explore seem-
ingly impossible horizons. They differ mainly in their
methodology and eventual goals, and in the company they
keep.

Void Engineers' research capacities are astounding,
but they are all directed toward the Deep Umbra. They do
not collect information concerning the Traditions, the
other Conventions, or even the Earth. They have moder-
ate arcane libraries and massive mundane libraries, but
these too are narrow in focus. Their computer systems are
likewise dedicated to the study of the Deep Umbra.

The Void Engineers have certainly learned much. It is
said they have made contact with beings unknown to other
mages, and may be in league with them. Some of the Void
Engineer Constructs are believed to house collections of
living specimens from the Deep Umbra. Additionally,
some Conventions claim certain Void Engineer stations
are now under the influence of Luna's children, the faeries.
Others say the Void Engineers spend too much time in the
Deep Umbra where the Nephandi lurk, and speculate
about a connection between the two. In any event, Tradi-
tions and Technocracy alike would give much to learn
more about this least-understood Convention.

Technocracy Outpost

Block the Openings,

Shut the doors,

And all your life you will not run dry.

Unblock the Openings,

Add to your troubles,

And to the end of your days you will be beyond salvation.

— Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, Book II

The mainstays of the Technocracy, the multi-Con-
vention outposts preside over various territories the
Technocracy refers to as mandates. Each outpost is respon-
sible for upholding the static reality of its mandate and for
carrying out the Pogrom against all enemy mages within its
jurisdiction.

The Void Engineers play the smallest role in these
outposts, while the New World Order still tends to domi-
nate them. Iteration X serves as the strongest force within
them. The Progenitors serve as the leaders of most covert
activities, while the Syndicate oversees relations with
Sleepers and the implementation of plans regarding them.

Outposts usually have four amalgams. Each amalgam is
directed toward a different goal. Despite this, amalgams
often compete with one another. The reason for this
fervent rivalry is not for the cause itself, but for promotion.
Most mages wish to advance in rank to the point where
they control things and have to do no work.

One amalgam is charged with providing combat sup-
port and guarding the Construct; its mages are referred to
as Conservators. Another amalgam handles important
investigations and keeps track of particular individuals; its
mages are referred to as Watchmen. The third amalgam
infiltrates various organizations (even other Constructs
and Chantries) and acts as spies; its mages are referred to as
Subversives. The last amalgam handles relations to the
Technocracy, relays orders, and oversees the other amal-
gams; its mages are referred toas Delegates. Certain members
from each of the amalgams fulfill particularly important
personal duties and are known as Special Agents.

A Technocracy outpost usually rests upon one sani-
tized Node. Most outposts do not have enough Quintessence
to maintain Horizon Realms. They utilize their supplies of
Quintessence to perform their various duties. An outpost's
Node is always guarded by the Conservators and Acolyte
guards under their control.

Outpost headquarters vary greatly in appearance,
though they are always man-made complexes and employ
cutting-edge technology. Outposts often employ Sleepers
to perform necessary tasks the mages do not wish to perform
themselves. Security is provided by Conservators and state-

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 83


of-the-art security systems. Most outposts have certain
hidden levels where Men in Black reside and where HIT
Marks are stored until needed. Supplies of cash, necessary
equipment, vehicles and weapons are generally kept onsite.

Outposts' Status ratings vary based on their effective-
ness in carrying out the Pogrom, enforcing static reality,
and increasing the power of the Technocracy. Some have
Reputations, but few are widely known. They have small
libraries, both arcane and mundane. Their information

systems are inferior to those of the New World Order,
because the NWO does not wish to share all its technology,
but they are still very effective. The NWO has programmed
the outposts' computer networks to copy all data into its
own network. Outposts have adequate labs for their duties,
but nothing fancy.

The Society of the Immutable
Armature: Construct of MECHA

We'll get along fine as soon as you realize that I'm God.

— Pop slogan

Few Technomancer Constructs are as feared
as the Society of the Immutable Armature.
This cold, hard Construct controls the inhu-
man prison Realm knownas the Municipality
of Ethereal Conformity and Hegemonial
Anonymity. It is charged with the duty of
using all the mage prisoners of the Technoc-
racy as Quintessence sponges, soaking up all
possible Quintessence and turning it into

Tass.

The Technomancers force their prisoners to live in
near-darkness, under the lenses of machines. Prisoners are
virtual cattle, herded here and there, and forced to work as
slaves in the HIT Mark and weapon factories until they
drop dead from exhaustion. The mages of the Society of the
Immutable Armature slowly become desensitized to the
atrocities they commit. They are thus among the cruelest
and most vicious of the Traditions' enemies.

The scariest part of MECHA is that it was originally
intended as an experiment. It has been so successful that
the Technocracy intends to open MECHA II by the end of
the year.

Amalgams

MECHA is ruled by the Matriarch. The Matriarch is
an artificial intelligence with the powers of a mage. All the
cabals answer to the Matriarch, and the Matriarch answers
to the leaders of the Technocracy. The influence of Itera-
tion X is especially strong here, for that Convention actually
created MECHA and the Matriarch.

The Matriarch

All the cabals serve the Matriarch. The Matriarch is an.
artificial intelligence composed of the brains of two sister
Technomancers of Iteration X; these brains were plugged
into a huge mainframe of information. The Matriarch

84 The Book of Chantries

exists only in the Net, though she makes her presence
known through hand-held computer links carried by all
mages and Acolytes. The Matriarch is very powerful, but
she seldom uses any of her powers. Instead, she delegates
orders to her subordinates.

The Matriarch is emotionless, but very driven by the
ideals of the Technocracy. She oversees all operations of
MECHA. She seldom deals with any individuals other
than the Providers of Union, who have the task of seeing
that her orders are carried out. Onscreen, the Matriarch
appears to be a plain-looking woman in her mid-40. She
wears her hair in a knot in back and wears one earring. She
speaks very powerfully and precisely.

The Matriarch, Master of the
Realm

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director

Essence: Pattern

Convention: Iteration X

Attributes: Strength N/A, Dexterity N/A, Stamina
N/A, Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Computer 5,
Culture 3, Expression 4, Intuition 3, Intimidation 6, Investi-
gation 3, Law 4, Leadership 4, Linguistics 4, Meditation 3,
Subterfuge 3, Technology 4

Backgrounds: Allies 7, Avatar 5, Destiny 5, Influence 3,
Library 10

Spheres: Correspondence 5, Forces 5, Life 3, Mind 4,
Matter 4, Prime 4

Willpower: 10

Arete: 8

Quintessence: Infinite (tapped directly into Node)

Paradox: 6

Background: The names of the two sisters who pro-
vided the template for the Matriarch are highly classified,
but most Technomancers know that this artificial intelli-
gence was once mortal.

In the early days of MECHA, it became obvious that
no mere human, even a mage, could adequately lead the
Construct. The Matriarch was created to fill the void,
based upon studies proving that people often respond
better toa feminine voice of command than toa masculine
one. Unfortunately, the Matriarch became anything but
feminine. Her cold efficiency puts the most callous man to
shame, and her no-nonsense voice suggests a ruler-wielding
teacher from hell. Despite her intimidating manner (or
pethaps because of it), the Matriarch runs a painfully tight
shop. Frighteningly enough, she is quite close to the
Technomancers' version of Ascension. She and the ma-
chine are one.

Though she seems omniscient at times, the Matriarch
only knows what MECHA's sensors tell her. Naturally, the
whole Realm is bugged to the rooftops, but enterprising
Technomancers find ways around this surveillance. With
her commanding presence, the Matriarch has the whole
Realm cowed, but even machine gods have their weak-
nesses...

The Matriarch's magick must be channeled through
some handy device connected to her computer net. It is said
that she is capable of traveling to the Virtual Adepts' Net
Realm, but no one at MECHA knows for certain. With her
Correspondence magick, she may monitor anyone any-
where in MECHA, but it takes a turn or two for her to react
personally to what she sees. This delay is her greatest
weakness.

Image: A severe, middle-aged woman with steely eyes
and a whiplash voice. She rarely smiles or displays any
emotion other than exasperation. Her dark-brown hair is

godhood (as

but knows that mere mortals exist only to err. Her diction
is precise and efficient, and she never displays overt emo-

tion.

The Providers of Onion

Members: Ruben Writch (Iteration X), George
Karlebach (Progenitors), Desma Letlow (New World Or-

der)

Background: These three mages serve as the ruling
Triumvirate of the Construct. While they take orders from
the Matriarch, they are charged with the duty of carrying
out those orders as they see fit. They are very powerful and
have become very cruel over the years.

The C
Safety

Members: Thomas Lewicki (Iteration X), Phyllis

Whittington

tors), Doug Pendley (New World Order), Chester Kirchoff
(Iteration X), Edward Dodd (Iteration X), Kendall Riley
(Progenitors)

Background: This amalgam polices the Realm. Its
members remain alert for conspiracy among the prisoners
and the other mages. They handle all interrogations and
implement all punishments. In addition, they are charged
with programming all television viewing for the Realm.

Naturally, th

to the Technocracy's way of thinking.

Edward Dodd

Nature:
Demean

Essence: Pattern

Convention: Iteration X

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities:

Firearms 4, Intimidation 5, Investigation 3, Law 2, Melee 5,
Technology 3

Backgror
netics)

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Forces 2, Prime 2
Willpower: 6

Arete: 2

Quintessence: 3
24

Paradox:

perpetually bound back in a bun, and she wears a single
silver earring.

Roleplaying Notes: Be firm! Flesh is weak; spirit is
fallible; even the machine wears down. As the best of each,
however, the Matriarch knows that she is just this side of

if gods existed). She rewards the efficient few,

ommission on Public

(Iteration X), Nelson Humphries (Progeni-

eir programs serve to brainwash the prisoners

Bravo
or: Traditionalist

: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 5,

unds: Allies 3, Avatar 3, Talisman 4 (cyber-

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 85


Special Abilities: Cybernetic Armor (adds three to
soak, soaks aggravated damage); Razor Fingers (Difficulty
7, Strength +1); Optical Sensors (adds three to Perception
Dice Pools, vision only)

Background: Dodd was a policeman's son and grew up
with idealized notions of law and order. Officer Dodd
perpetually complained about the breakdown of the family,
about crime in the streets, about the general lack of respect
for cops. He made sure that Edward always remembered to
respect policemen. ..orelse. While never physically abused,
Edward lived in perpetual fear of his father. One day, he
knew, his father would come home, throw him in jail, and
lose the key.

Edward applied to all the local police academies, but
failed the psychological evaluations. Everyone considered
him too unstable for police work. Frustrated, he trained
himself and took law and order into his own hands.

His career as a vigilante ended in the back of a black
Cadillac. The New World Order recruited him as an
Acolyte, but Revzenka Fisk, an Iteration X cyborg, took a
liking to the intense young man and seduced him into the
Convention with offers of a new and powerful life. The
Technocracy Awakened his Avatar by brute force and
implanted him with deadly cybernetics. Edward loved
every minute of it. As a security chief at MECHA, "Ser-
geant" Dodd now teaches prisoners and Technomancers
alike to respect law and order.

Image: A stocky man of about 25, baby-faced, but with
akiller's eyes. His blond hair is cropped very close; his body
looks soft from a distance, but is solid muscle reinforced
with armor. Dodd walks proudly, having finally found his
place. He dresses in a neat black uniform at all times.

Roleplaying Notes: "Sergeant" Dodd brooks no disre-
spect. He is a lousy mage and knows it, and prefers physical
combat to magickal dueling. He maintains that he is not

86 The Book of Chantries

any sort of bully, but is only doing his job. Nonetheless, he
gleefully stomps anyone who gets out of line.

Sanctum: Dodd keeps spartan, spotless quarters in
Central Control, with a VCR and a large supply of West-
erns, action films and romances (his secret vice).

The Prime Council

Members: Timothy Erklenz (Iteration X), Olivia
Reeves (Iteration X), Pamela Corcoran (Iteration X), Alan
Van Stone (New World Order), Benedict Pierce (Progeni-
tors)

Background: The Prime Council oversees the day-to-
day operations of the Construct and makes sure everything
is going as scheduled. It oversees the prisoners, the guards,
the maintenance of the Realm, the factories, and the other
functions of the Construct.

The Ambassadorial Committee

Members: Hulet Tuggle (Iteration X), Frances Gaskin
(Progenitors), Klaus Weikel (Iteration X), Jonathan Dent
(Iteration X), Dominic Oaks (New World Order), Valerie
Schaffer (Iteration X), Alexander Marsh (Progenitors),
Preston Frost (New World Order), Helen Neal (Iteration
X)

Background: This amalgam provides the field agents
used in finding and capturing Orphans and other mages.
The mages also act as representatives to other Constructs.
The committee has the privilege of convincing useful just-
Awakened Orphans to join the Technocracy.

Valerie Schaffer

Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Conformist
Essence: Pattern
Convention: Iteration X


Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 3, Brawl 1,
Computer 4, Culture 4, Dodge 3, Etiquette 5, Expression 3,
Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Intimidation 3, Linguistics 3,
Technology 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Influence 3, Library 3

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 4, Life 3, Mind 2,
Matter 2, Prime 1

Willpower: 6

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 8

Paradox: 5

Background: Valerie's often-unwilling involvement
with MECHA began with her winning combination of
personality, looks and good nature. Dr. Tuggle originally
recruited Valerie for a P.R. position at the Manhattan
outpost on Earth. Her personnel skills and fluency in
Russian made her a powerful asset to the Technocracy.

Asanadult, Valerie reacted to her parents' compulsive
sloppiness with an almost obsessive neatness and organiza-
tion. Her strong belief in order led her to embrace the
Technomancer cause, even after she discovered the true
nature of her employers. When a Cult of Ecstasy assault left
Valerie dying of severe injuries, Dr. Tuggle Awakened her
Avatar, restored her to health with cybernetic implants,
and took her as an apprentice.

Valerie has mixed feelings about her post. While she
shares the Technomancer philosophy of minimal disorder
and maximum efficiency, the oppressive atmosphere of
MECHA disturbs her. She escapes it whenever possible,
usually working at one of the Convention's earthly aspects.
Shestill blames the Traditions asa whole for her brush with
death, and holds a special grudge against the Cult of
Ecstasy.

Image: Valerie is an attractive black woman of 40,
with a warm smile, friendly eyes and the voice of a torch
singer. She changes her hairstyle daily, but prefers to wear
it either long and curly or pulled back; her Life magick
allows her to alter her appearance to match her mood.
When angry or upset, she tends to reduce her Appearance.
Her smart fashion sense and colorful wardrobe contrast
with MECHA's harsh drabness.

Roleplaying Notes: Valerie covers her disquiet with
an outgoing manner. Deep inside, she feels guilty about the
dehumanizing aspects of the Technocracy; she struggles
with her conscience even while extolling the virtues of

Iteration X to prospective apprentices. She takes a special
interest in her hand-picked recruits, and genuinely tries to
get them a fair deal. Soon, she may have to choose between

this concern for others and the fate to which she sends
them.

Sanctum: On Earth, Valerie keeps a fancy apartment
in Manhattan. In MECHA, her quarters are rather spartan,
witha large bookshelffilled with historical fiction and legal
thrillers. She avoids reading science fiction, but maintains
acloset vice for horror novels. In her apartment she keeps
a signed collection of novels from Stephen King, Clive
Barker, Ramsey Campbell and Poppy Z. Brite, her new
favorite.

The Committee on Publi
Works

Members: Mavis Sparkman (Iteration X), Denise
Caragan (Iteration X), Earl Fretterd (New World Order)

Background: This amalgam oversees the factories of
the Realm. It distributes the various products, including
the Quintessence gathered from the prisoners.

Nodes of the Society of
the Immutable
Armature

MECHA is almost self-sufficient. Each prisoner is
equipped witha small collar that will explode (decapitating
the prisoner in the process) should someone attempt to
remove it by force. The collars, a frightening new inven-
tion of Iteration X, actually harvest the prisoners' own life
forces and package them for later use. These Talismans,
miniature Quintessence batteries (see Chapter Four), sup-
ply the Realm with all the Prime force it can use, and
supplement the Quintessence drawn from the other Nodes
described below. Such life-draining slavery is the worst fate
one could imagine. Should the prisoners all escape by some
means, the Realm would cease to exist.

The Bradelburg Think Tank Facility: This Node
allows the Technomancers to implant ideas in Sleepers of
great importance, thus passing along their own technology
to Sleepers, who believe they invented the new technology
on their own. The Node is located in northern Utah. It is
guarded by the staff and 20 Men in Black.

Orion Technologies: Here, over a specialized Node
site, MECHA has builta research facility specializing in the
designing of new electronic technologies. The Committee
on Public Works oversees the operations of the research
facility and provides additional data to the doctors at the
facility. The Sleepers working in Orion's research facility
believe the place is a division of a larger company, but
Orion is the only branch there is.

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 87


um =

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept

MECHA is an unfeeling concentration-camp Realm
that siphons Tass from the Patterns of Orphans and slave
mages. The Realm is one gigantic building; there is no
"outdoors," only a massive collection of rooms and tunnels.

MECHA's season, strange as it may seem, is Summer.
The Realm is doing obscenely well and has little competi-
tion from other Constructs. Too many Technomancer
Realms depend on MECHA's Quintessence supply. Thus,
the Matriarch rides firmly down the Path of her own
inhuman Ascension.

If resonance exists in MECHA, it serves to reinforce
the mechanical atmosphere of the Construct and the
pervasive paranoia that exists in the Realm.

Environment

The Realm is one seemingly endless complex of cold
metal. It is always a comfortable temperature and has no
windows to the outside, so fluorescent bulbs provide all
available light. The doors open and close on their own,
though some only work for mages and servants with high
security clearances.

MECHA contains several huge factory complexes,
where many of the HIT Marks and other robotic devices
used in Iteration X's field work are produced. There is no
comfortable furniture and "citizens" do not own any prop-
erty. They are forced to sleep in the nearest bunk for one
eight-hour shift per "day."

Guards dressed in solid black fatigues swarm through
the Realm. There are also a number of HIT Marks without
fleshy epidermises. These robots guard all the important
locations in the Realm.

Particular areas are set aside for particular activities.
There are sleeping cells, where hundreds sleep at a time.
There are cafeterias, where nutrient-rich gruel is served
daily. There are bathrooms, which "citizens" are allowed to
use only at particular times. There are shower chambers,
where the prisoners wash themselves twice per week. The
entire place removes every ounce of individuality and
privacy.

Denizens of the Realm

The "citizens" are captured humans who have had
their Avatars Awakened. They are treated like cattle by the
Technomancers and their guards, and they are watched
constantly by Central Control and the Magistrate. They
are forced to work in the factories of MECHA for eight
hours, with only one 10-minute break. At the end of their
shifts, they have the vials of Quintessence removed from
their collars. At this time, they get to eat. This is followed
by eight hours of sleep. They then begin the process again.


The "citizens" all wear drab gray clothing with an
identification tag bearing a number (they have no names)
and work station. They own no property and are subject to
the whims of the Technomancers. They may be abused at
will, though they may not be slain, for that reduces the
Quintessence supply. In fact, the "citizens" are given a
special life-extending chemical designed by the Progeni-
tors. This only makes their inhuman imprisonment last
that much longer.

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Correspondence -2, Entropy -2, Forces -3,
Life -1, Mind +2, Matter +2, Prime +1, Spirit -2

Construct Description

MECHA Central Control: Central Control oversees
all the operations of the Realm. Central Control is the
actual Chantry; all of the mages' personal quarters are here,
as are all of the mages' laboratories, libraries, computer
banks and arsenals. Central Control looks much like the
test of MECHA, but it is far more comfortable, with
upholstered chairs, televisions, soft beds with mattresses,
and showers with hot and cold running water. The mages
have everything they need, in return for unwavering ser-
vice to the Matriarch.

Nor do the amenities stop there. Central Control has
many secret ducts and electronic surveillance devices, thus
allowing the Administrators to spy on the other mages.

Central Control is totally self-sufficient. It has several
pneumatic locks, allowing the tunnels to be sealed in the
event of a riot. It also has a large store of Quintessence for
emergency use. Herein are a number of special Portals in
the form of huge, metallic rings. These must be turned on
and adjusted to the right frequency to teleport to one of the
known destinations.

Outpost Manhattan: This aspect of the Construct is a
10-story building in Manhattan. The building serves mainly
as a guard outpost, though members of the Ambassadorial
Committee and the Commission on Public Safety make
daily visits to the outpost. The Construct is filled with
high-tech equipment, weaponry and vehicles. The
Construct's 20 HIT Marks are kept inert in the basement
until needed. Thirty Men in Black monitor the station, as
do 50 Sleepers who are employed to keep track of various
individual who might be mages (the Sleepers have no idea
why they are tracking the individuals).

Outposts Moscow and Saint Petersburg: These as-
pects of the Construct resemble Outpost Manhattan, but
the buildings are a little smaller and older, and security is
better.

"

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 89

SP HEE YS Seat AEE

Pre ee

TEE te

Tore a


Purpose

MECHA's main purpose is to serve as a prison for all
those captured by the Technocracy. Inso doing, it strips the
last vestiges of human dignity from the prisoners. The
prisoners serve the Technocracy by creating HIT Marks,
special vehicles and weapons. The prisoners also give up
the Quintessence from their Patterns. All in all, MECHA
is one of the most (if not the most) efficient Technocracy
projects in existence.

History

MECHA is the brainchild of an Iteration X mage
known as Doctor Zoeter. Plans for its creation were formu-
lated in 1895; the Realm was created after World War II,
and the prisoners started coming in.

At this time, the Society of the Immutable Armature
was created and given the specific task of overseeing the
prisoners. At first, it was considered an honor to be chosen
for the assignment. However, over the years, many
Technomancers went mad, or became so depressed over
their duties that they either committed suicide or turned
Rogue. Today, it is considered a punishment to serve in
MECHA. Many new magesare sent to the Construct to test
them. Still, afew Technomancers simply love itin MECHA.
The power over life and death within the Realm is incred-
ible, and many Technomancer sadists enjoy their work too
much.

Construct Inhabitants

Aside from the Technomancers and the prisoners,
there are a number of cyborg guards and HIT Marks. The
HIT Marks are very numerous. There are also some Men in
Black, but they are outnumbered ten to one by the HIT
Marks.

The consors of the Construct include five high-pow-
ered cyborg trackers who take assignments to hunt down
Orphans and Tradition mages. They occasionally work
with the Ambassadorial Committee, but they work best
alone.

Internal Structure and
Relations

As with most Technocracy Constructs, MECHA has
a strict hierarchy. The Matriarch takes orders from
Autochthonia, and the Providers of Union take orders
from the Matriarch. The other amalgams answer to the
Providers, and even within the amalgams there is extreme
stratification.

The Construct's covenant is sufficient to cover all the
activities that take place within the Chantry. MECHA's
articles include very stiff punishments for those who fail in
their duties. This is because many mages hate being sta-
tioned at MECHA and do as little as possible. Some even

90 The Book of Chantries

consider turning traitor. The punishments for even think-
ing about treason are enough to instill fear into anyone.

External Relations

MECHA is one of those necessary evils, or so the
Technocracy believes. Many Constructs have come to
depend on MECHA's ability to supply vast amounts of
Quintessence. This dependence means that most Con-
structs would go out of their way to protect MECHA.
Autochthonia is a major backer of the Construct, for much
of that Realm's Quintessence comes from MECHA.

Status and Reputation

While the Construct has high Status, that does not
mean it is well liked. In fact, most Technomancers are
scared orat least repulsed by the mages stationed at MECHA.

Status: 5

Reputation: 0

Policy Regarding Outsiders

The Construct does not allow others inside except as
prisoners. Even Technomancers must get prior approval to
enter the Realm, and they are only permitted to traverse
certain sections of it. The Realm has used Rogues before,
but it usually imprisons Rogues instead.

Allies and Enemies

MECHA's great importance to the Technocracy and
harsh methods have garnered the Construct an over-
whelming number of allies and enemies. The Storyteller
should feel free to develop MECHA's allies and enemies as
she sees fit.

Research Capacities

MECHA is not a place for conducting research. The
mages are simply too busy to do so. Because of this there are
minimal research provisions. What do exist are mainly
diversions from standard duties or ways to improve abilities
relevant to the mages' work.

Neither Mentors nor magickal training is available on
MECHA. Rudimentary training in various useful Abilities,
such as Firearms, Melee (billy club), Technology, and
Intimidation, is provided. The mundane library is adequate
to keep the mages entertained, but little more.

Aside from the typical multi-Convention computer
system, the Construct has an important and pervasive spy
network. MECHA's mages also have countless contacts,
who are paid highly for information concerning potential
prisoners.

The mages have more Quintessence than they know
what to do with. They also have large stores of Tass,
stockpiled in case of an emergency such as a siege or a riot.
Otherwise, they do not use what they acquire, but instead

ship it to other Constructs. MECHA's mages occasionally
steal the Construct's Quintessence for later use or trade.

Story Ideas

The dominant theme of MECHA is one of dehuman-
ization, of horrible slavery justified as a means to an end.
The prisoners are drained of their very life forces, even as
their lifespans are extended. MECHA is a control freak's
dream, where all things are ordered and everything goes
according to plan...or else.

Such an atmosphere breeds paranoia and despair.
When all the walls have eyes and ears, when any friend
might betray you out of loyalty or fear, hope is crushed and
humanity mangled.

Story Ideas for MECHA

1. The player characters are captured by the
Technomancers of MECHA. If they are to escape, they will
have to do so on their own. To the mages' advantage, one
of the characters discovers that the lock on her collar has
"coincidentally" malfunctioned, thus allowing her to re-
move the collar and put it back on.

2. A Technomancer stationed at MECHA comes to
the characters. He seeks asylum from the other
Technomancers. He knows many secrets of the Construct,

secrets that might enable the Traditions to destroy the
Construct and free the prisoners. However, is the
Technomancer really a double agent sent to lead the
Traditions into a massive ambush or counterattack?

3. The player characters are taken by their Mentors to
a secret location where turncoats from the Technocracy
teach them the ways of the New World Order and Iteration
X. The characters are to be sent into MECHA as spies. The
next group of Technomancers being sent to MECHA will
be captured, and the characters will take their places. Will
they survive their mission?

4. The characters accidentally encounter
Technomancers taking a group of prisoners to MECHA.
They are forced to fight them or be captured themselves. If
they succeed, the characters have earned the enmity of
MECHA. In fact, MECHA may become a recurring foe.

5. Technomancer characters are assigned a post at
MECHA. There, they learn ofa secret network of spies who

work for the Traditions. Can they uncover the spies and

stop them before they reveal the secrets of the Construct?
Even if they manage to do so, perhaps they connect the
traitors to an even bigger conspiracy within the Technoc-
racy. The characters cannot report this to their superiors,
for they too may be traitors.


Null-B: Construct of Yenosia, the
Wasteland of Dead Aspirations

The Moving Finger writes, and, having writ,
Moves on: nor all your Piety or Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
Nor shall all your tears wash out a word of it.
— The Rubdiydt of Omar Khayydm, Verse LXXVI

Null-B was once the pride of the Technoc-
racy, the largest and most efficient of the
Constructs, but Null-B's days of glory have
come and gone. It is still one of the largest
and most powerful Constructs in existence,
but many rivals continue to grow, while
Null-B is already starting to decline.
Null-B's trouble started when the
Technomancers of the Construct decided
they would turn their attention toward the Marauders, in
hopes of eliminating as many as they could. This plan
backfired, and now the Construct is constantly besieged by
the wild Marauders. Dr. Alonzo Vendiz, the commander of
the Construct, was assassinated by unknown parties inside
Null-B's own ranks, and the Construct's fortunes have
since spun wildly downward. There is no end in sight to the
Marauders' mad vengeance. In just the last year, the Ma-
rauders have almost put a stop to all Technomancer efforts
against the Traditions. If things stay the way they are, Null-
B will eventually be forced to call for outside assistance, or
collapse.

The season here is clearly Winter. The Construct is a
dying place, too stubborn to fall over and expire. Within
the ranks, discontent, bitterness, resentment and treachery
simmer. The end is in sight.

Amalgams

The amalgams of Null-B include some of the
Technocracy's most experienced fighters. The mages nor-
mally do not work well together, but their current problems
with the Marauders have forced them to become a closely
knit group.

The Advocates

Members: Oscar Hamilton (New World Order),
Bernadine Slivey (Syndicate), Chiu Tang (Iteration X)

Background: Alonzo Vendiz ruled Null-Bwithastrong,
capable hand. The Advocates have tried to fill the void left
by his death, but have only succeeded in dooming the
Construct. This amalgam serves as the ruling Triumvirate
of the Construct. Its members are very capable leaders and
experienced veterans. Unlike the other mages of Null-B,

92 The Book of Chantries

these mages are becoming more and more divided in their
loyalties; each suspects the others of Vendiz's assassination,
and the amalgam's efficiency is hamstrung by its members'
infighting. Hamilton wishes to keep the Marauder prob-
lems a secret, Slivey seeks Vendiz's old position, and Tang
wishes to call in Iteration X mages from Autochthonia to
solve the problems.

Bernadine Slivey

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Critic

Essence: Pattern

Tradition: Syndicate

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Computer 4,
Cosmology 2, Dodge 1, Drive 2, Enigmas 2, Etiquette 5,
Firearms 3, Intimidation 5, Intuition 5, Law (Technomancer
and UCC) 3, Leadership 5, Linguistics 3, Literature 3,
Performance (flute) 3, Research 3, Science 2, Skydiving 3,
Stealth 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 5, Technology 5

WHEE yg


Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Destiny 5, Influence 5, Li-
brary 15

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 2, Forces 3, Life 2,
Mind 4, Matter 5, Prime 3, Time 3

Willpower: 9

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 19

Paradox: 1

Background: Bernadine Slivey was born into a poor
family, but her fighting spirit was enough to sustain her
through the worst of times. Unlike her sisters and girl-
friends, she did not want to become a housewife, an actress,
adancer, the president or an astronaut — she wanted to be
the CEO of a large corporation.

Atthe age of 16, she got a job working in the mailroom
of a large company. Her supervisor, a Technocracy scout,
noticed her powerful Avatar and the aura of destiny exuded
by the girl. A Celestial Chorus mage noticed it as well.
When things came to a showdown, Bernadine chose the
Technocracy, inciting a magickal duel that left three Sleep-
ers dead. Though she has since achieved what she wanted
and more, Bernadine has always felt sorry for the innocent
lives lost that day.

She did her job well and quickly moved up the hierar-
chy. She used the right people and stomped her competition
into the ground. Eventually, she became a teacher at one of
the Technocracy's academies, followed by a position as
dean, followed by appointment to Null-B as an Adminis-
trator.

She has served as a capable leader of Null-B for 10
years. She manages to get things done by avoiding her two
co-tulers as much as possible. She does not like the way
things are done in the Construct, and plans to make great
changes. Though she had no involvement in Vendiz's
death, Bernadine sees nothing wrong with taking advan-
tage of the situation. Her other interests include: reading
classical literature; playing the flute; bodybuilding; and
skydiving.

Image: Bernadine is a short, stocky, athletic woman in
hermid-30s. She has short, spiked blond hair and gray-blue
eyes. She dresses in a custom-fitted power suit and carries
adisruption pistol (treat as a Peacemaker; see Mage, page
294). She is very commanding and very powerful, with a
strong, confident voice.

Roleplaying Notes: Slivey is interested in power. She
wants to help people by controlling them. She is cunning,
tuthless and uses everyone to her advantage. Years of
manipulation and power plays have hardened her to the
needs of others. She still loves her family, and she is even
having a long-term relationship with a Sleeper on Earth.

Sanctum: Slivey maintains a large sanctum spread out
over nearly an entire floor of one of the main buildings in
the Construct. Her chambers are high-tech and comfort-

able, yet professional. She has a private gym and weight
room, and a large personal library. Her sanctum is circular
in design and contains a number of huge windows that
allow her to overlook the entire construct.

The Blue Steel Onion

Members: Beryl Franks (New World Order), Butch
Valerio (Syndicate), Arthur Tarr (Iteration X), Katrina
Emanuel (Progenitors), Teresa Hardy (Celestial Chorus),
Edgar Love (Sons of Ether), Erline McGunnis (Akashic
Brotherhood), Gregory Presser (Order of Hermes)

Background: This amalgam is composed of Conven-
tion mages and traitorous Tradition mages. The Blue Steel
Union is one of the deadliest amalgams around because of
its diversity and its keen understanding of the enemy. The
Technomancersare all loyal to the Technocracy, while the
Tradition mages turned traitor to save their own lives and
the lives of their loved ones. They have grown to accept
their role as servants of their former enemies, and some
even enjoy it. Ironically, the greatest threat to Null-B's
existence dwells within this amalgam's ranks.

Arthur Tarr (Diacalaton')

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Bravo

Essence: Dynamic

Convention: Iteration X (actually Marauder)

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Computer 5, Dodge 4,
Firearms 3, Intuition 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3,
Melee 4, Occult 3, Stealth 4, Subterfuge 4, Technology 3

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Arcane 4, Mentor 3

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 4, Forces 3, Life 3,
Prime 2

Willpower: 4

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 10

Paradox: 0

Background: Tarr, so the Technomancers believe,
was a hacker with a keen interest in the occult. He came to
the Technocracy's notice while hacking into the software
of the Designers of a Better Future. The Technomancers
attempted to slay Tarr with a deadly backlash program, but
Tar intercepted and destroyed the program instead. Itera-
tion X rana background check on Tarr, then "made him an
offer," believing that Tarr was a talented Sleeper unaware
of Iteration X's rivals, the Virtual Adepts.

Arthurhad been unaware of the Adepts. The Marauder
had only recently begun hacking, and he had not yet
encountered the computer mages himself. Seizing the op-
portunity for chaos, Tarr went along with the game,

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 93

Senet! Fe tn

otha.


pretending to be innocent while learning enough about the
Technocracy to foul things up.

Getting stuck at Null-B is not Tart's idea of a good
time, but he revels in the chaos his post allows him. When
a good opportunity presents itself, he will gleefully turn on
his former comrades and waste as many of them as possible.
In the meantime, he contents himself with learning all he
can about the Construct's internal systems. When the time
comes, this living monkeywrench intends to do plenty of
damage...

Image: Tarr is short and stocky, with short, curly black
hair and a somewhat sullen expression. He does not handle
groups well and has alienated several of his amalgam
partners with his abrasive manner and take-charge atti-
tude. Both of his hands have been replaced with articulated
steel talons that enable him to access computers or tear out
throats with equal efficiency, and his body bristles with
access-tech modifications beneath his trenchcoat. Tarr
also wears faded jeans, cartoon T-shirts and biker boots,
much to his superiors' annoyance.

Roleplaying Notes: Arthur likes to control any social
situation that includes him; he can be personable for short
periods of time, but quickly becomes irritating when among
large groups, boasting about his hacking abilities and fight-
ing prowess. He has a cutting wit and uses it on anyone in
his way, but conceals his true calling with great care.

Sanctum: Tarr's hideaway is a rusty corner of the

factory complex, which he has decorated with castoffs
stolen from the trash piles. He has made very certain that
no surveillance devices monitor him here. In this refuge,
Arthur may be himself, thrashing out his pent-up chaos in
maniacal rages and dancing madly to the music in his mind.
He keeps his own computer here, and frequently wanders
into the Net in an astral projection called Azathoth. He is

also taken with the Wasteland, and sneaks out there often
despite the danger.

The Designers of a Better
Future

Members: Emmett Morrison (Void Engineers),
Bradford Thorpe (Progenitors), Victor Allen (Syndicate),
Karen Brewster (Void Engineer), Myrtle Pelkey (Void
Engineers), Vernon Sowby (Iteration X)

Background: This amalgam designs many useful prod-
ucts, which are then produced in mass quantities within the
factory surrounding the Construct. These high-tech gad-
gets are then sold to Sleeper consumers. The amalgam has
recently spent much of its time developing new weapons to
use against the Paradox-resistant Marauders.

Karen Brewster

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Visionary

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Void Engineer

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Awareness 3, Computer 3, Cosmology 5,
Culture 2, Dodge 2, Enigmas 4, Expression 3, Intuition 2,
Occult 3, Science 4, Technology 5

Backgrounds: Arcane 4, Avatar 5, Destiny 2, Library 4

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 3, Life 1, Matter 3,
Mind 4, Prime 1

Willpower: 5

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 8

Paradox: 3

Background: Brewster had gazed at the stars with
longing since she was a child. The possibilities of faraway
worlds seemed so much better than the small-town tedium
of her earthly home. A large, heavy girl, Karen endured the
taunts of her peers until she no longer seemed to hear them.
Herattention was always elsewhere, and her parents scolded
her for wasting her fine mind by daydreaming.

She ran away into the Arizona desert one night, where
she cried beneath the stars. When the stars began to speak
to her consolingly, Karen knew that she had lost her mind
and didn't much care. A woman came to her that night,
dressed in a shimmering blue cloak of stars, and led the girl
into the night. Karen thus met her Avatar face to face and
accepted her without question.

The Avatar "led" her to the Sinclair Group, a Void
Engineer front corporation engaged in celestial research. A
battery of tests revealed the strength of her Avatar and the
glimmer of some future destiny. The Engineers recruited
her on the spot. Unfortunately, a clerical error transferred


her to Null-B, and the Designers are convinced that Karen
belongs with them. Karen hates this turn of events, but has
said little about it, waiting instead for a transfer that may
never come. She still stares at the stars, but they no longer
comfort her.

Image: A tall, broad-shouldered woman in her late
20s, with long black hair, brown eyes, and an unusually
large mouth. Karen tends to wear a lab coat and long-
sleeved shirts despite the warmth of Yenosia. She has a
perpetually faraway gaze and seems to be preoccupied most
of the time.

Roleplaying Notes: Karen is shy by nature; though she
complains loudly about the weather, the tedium, and just
about everyone in the Construct, she rarely confronts the
source of her displeasure head-on. She has a difficult time
making eye contact with anyone, and mutters to herself a
lot. The idea of mind control fascinates her, and she will do
anything to learn more about psionic secrets. She spends as
much time as possible beneath the night sky.

The Benefactors to All

Members: Earnest Tucker (Syndicate), Ronald Landen
(Syndicate), Long Hai Trung (Iteration X), Curtis
Pennington (Progenitors), Beth Hottinger (Syndicate)

Background: This amalgam oversees the operations
in the factory portion of the Construct. Its members over-
see the workers' lives and work, and they handle the
distribution of the products to Earth.

Technomancer Shock Corps
No. 9B (TSC9B)

Members: George Everhart (Iteration X), Roger Beason
(Progenitors), Edith Clodfelter (Progenitors), Truitt Guyne

(New World Order), Adrian Moss (Iteration X), Forrest
Shaw (New World Order), Juanita Delarosa (Iteration X),
Joseph Ziehmn (Iteration X)

Background: This amalgam is one of the standard
Technomancer combat units. Its duty is to protect the
Construct and to handle all the away missions. The amal-
gam now comprises the remnants of Technomancer Shock
Corps #9, #43 and #31, all of which suffered grievous losses
over the past year.

Nodes of Null-B

Null-Busesa large amount of Quintessence through its
research and its implementation of the Pogrom. The Con-
struct receives a small stipend of Quintessence from
MECHA, but the majority comes from its Nodes. In addi-
tion, the Construct's Shock Corps raids other Nodes as
directed by the Advocates.

The Deep Umbral Prison Spheres: Null-B does not
tolerate rebellious workers (or rebellious mages), so over
the years it has built about a dozen Deep Umbral prison
spheres, large ball-shaped ships covered with Horizon fields
and sealed shut. The ships are built to sustain life indefi-
nitely by collecting Quintessence from the Deep Umbra,
but they have no propulsion systems and simply drift about.
Anyone who rebels is placed about one of these ships and
cast out into the Deep Umbra. The person has all the
conveniences needed to live, but no company. A prisoner
must constantly monitor the device or die. Some prisoners
have chosen death over lifelong imprisonment, while oth-
ers have had their souls eaten by powerful Nephandi.

The Indianapolis Institute of Advanced Technol-
ogy: This sanitized Node is the means by which Bernadine
Slivey, the Advocate, passes on advanced technology to
Sleeper scientists. The institute provides only a small
amount of Quintessence, just enough to support the five
Men in Black who guard the facility.

The Wyldling Containment Grid: In the Near Um-
bra, somewhere in Saskatchewan, Canada, there is a
magickal prison specially designed to hold wyldlings. The
prison has 40' tall, 10' thick walls with silver barbed wire
atop. Behind the walls is a huge, smooth, platinum floor
laid out in 3' x 3' squares, separated by a red glowing line.

Spiraling about the floor are all types of wyldling
spirits. Most take the form of hazy patterns or swirling
vortices. Occasionally one of the spirits bumps into a wall,
only to receive a magickal blast forcing it back.

The prison sits atop a Node, which constantly feeds
the spirits. Quintessence energy is in turn siphoned from
the spirits, causing them pain. The Quintessence is used to
empower the Realm, but the Technomancers occasionally
remove a piece from one of the wyldling spirits. They use

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 95

eS 5 Tie a


these fragments to create permanent Talismans. The
Technomancers continue to capture all the Wyldlings they
can.

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept

Null-B is seated in the center of Yenosia, the Waste-
land of Dead Aspirations, which is surrounded by the Sea
of Disgust. (The geography of the Realm was renamed after
it was conquered by a mage of poor but quirky humor.) The
Realm once belonged to a powerful Chantry known as
Arcosia, but the Technomancers conquered the Chantry
in the early 1700s. Once the battle was won, they quickly
constructed a prototype factory, where they designed the
technology to implement the Technocracy's vision of
Ascension. Over the centuries, Null-B became very power-
ful, but the Realm remained barren and lifeless except for
a few odd survivors and the Technomancers' Wasteland
spirits.

Environment

Yenosia is flat, barren ground. Many deadly spirits
dwell within the Realm's caves and crevices, venturing
forth at night to attack anything in the vicinity. Even the
mages and their guards fear the Wasteland spirits. While

they are excellent guards, they have no qualms about
killing servants of the Technocracy.

The Realm is never cloudy, save for the rare occasions
when it rains. It is always just warm enough to be uncom-
fortable for the workers. There are no seasons. The day is lit
by a bright yellow sun. The night is lit by a moon and
multicolored stars.

The Sea of Disgust that surrounds Yenosia is named for
the fact that it is so difficult to destroy. All the
Technomancers' past efforts have been unsuccessful. The
sea simply reappears. The Sea of Disgust resembles anormal
sea, but its waters are as clear as those of the Cayman Islands
in the West Indies. Even from the surface, the large, snake-
like sea serpents indigenous to the region can be seen, as
can the small phosphorescent fish upon which they feed.
At the bottom of the sea lie the remains of Arcosia, the
former Chantry of the Realm. Arcosia has remained unex-
plored by the Technomancers, who fear the large sea
serpents.

From the outside, the factory complex around Null-B
resembles a huge brick factory straight out of Victorian
London, with huge smokestacks and no windows. The
interior of the place is at least five times as large as its
exterior would lead one to believe. The interior is filled
with various assembly lines, monitoring stations, buttons,
levers, pulleys, pallets of supplies, boxes, storage bins,
drums of chemicals, tools, hoists, and all sorts of industrial


equipment. Here the laborers build HIT Marks,
Technomancer weapons, and all sorts of weird gadgets that
are passed down to the people of Earth through the
Construct's dummy corporations.

Technomancer guards constantly patrol the Waste-
land and Sea of Disgust on three-seater hoverbikes and
large floating crafts resembling PT boats. The Construct
itself shines bright spotlights across the Wasteland at night,
keeping watch for all who might slip past the spirit guards.
Still, Null-B's defenses have been ineffective against the
attacking Marauders.

Denizens of the Realm

Nearly all the workers in Null-B are human, though
there are some humanoid Umbrood among their numbers.
The workers live in cells not unlike those found in prisons.
The workers are released in the morning from their cells.
They shower, eat their gruel and go to work for 13 hours.
Afterward, they have three hours to socialize and eat. Then
they go back to the cells for eight hours of sleep.

The workers become very complacent over time (this
process is aided by subliminal messages piped throughout
the work areas). They are the cogs in the machine, too
insignificant and powerless to change things. They wear
uniforms consisting of jeans and blue button-up shirts.
They all wear cheap white shoes, and many must wear
goggles and other protective gear.

The Wasteland spirits vary in appearance; few people
have seen them and survived. The accounts of those who
have vary greatly, though the descriptions are uniformly
hideous and nightmarish.

The sea serpents in the Sea of Despair are attracted to
the smell of blood and strange sounds. They seem to
communicate with one another through humming noises,
and may be intelligent. They are silvery-black, with huge,
toothy maws and tiny, humanlike eyes. The serpents aver-
age 30 feet in length, but those near the undersea ruins of
Arcosia may attain 90 feet or more. They usually hunt
alone, though the giants of the deeper waters are seen in
packs. They feed on the phosphorescent fish and on the few
sea plants in the deeper waters.

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Correspondence +1, Entropy +1,
Forces -2, Life -3, Mind +1, Time -1

Construct Description

The Gray Building: Within Null-B, one particular
building is set aside as the actual Construct. The building
issimply referred to as the "gray building," as it is solid gray
in color. The building is located in the very center of the
factory complex.

The gray building is heavily guarded. It has thick steel
walls and the best security system around. No one but a

mage of the Construct is permitted inside. The Construct
contains an arcane library, special weapons, personal living
quarters and laboratories. However, the best laboratories
are located throughout the rest of the factory.

Null Stations Philadelphia, London and Munich:
These are the earthly aspects of the Constructs. All are old,
still-operating factories. The mages have personal living
quarters in the basement levels. The factories are also
sanitized Nodes. The mages have everything they could
possibly need: money, cars, weapons, computers, etc. There
are five Superiors, five HIT Marks and five Men in Black at
each outpost.

Purpose

Null-B was created as an all-around Construct, in-
tended to perform all the functions of the Technocracy
under one roof. The Construct's duties included: gathering
information, producing new technologies to lead the Sleep-
ers toward the Technocracy's vision of Ascension, capturing
Orphans, and enforcing the Pogrom. The Construct was
highly successful in all aspects of its duties until it took on
more than it could handle.

History

At one time Yenosia was the Land of Dreams. It lies at
the edge of the Chimerae and in former days was controlled
by the mages of Arcosia. The mages, mostly of the Celestial
Chorus, were pacifists. They tried to avoid all conflicts, but
one day the Technocracy brought the war to their doorstep.
The Technomancer Shock Corps invaded the Realm and
destroyed everything, including the mages.

After the battle, the victorious Technomancers de-
cided they would build a new Construct on the barren
waste wrought by their weapons. Thus was founded Null-B.
Because so much effort went into finding and capturing the
Realm, all the Conventions wanted to share the plunder.
The result was the largest and most powerful Construct of
its day.

Null-Bbecame the vanguard toward the Technomancer
vision of Ascension. The Construct met all enemies head-
on, and crushed them. However, when Autochthonia
revealed its true size and capabilities by ambushing and
decimating a legion of Nephandi, Null-B's decline began.

The Construct's fortunes have since steadily fallen.
This has been exacerbated by the infighting between the
members of the Advocates and the assassination of Dr.
Vendiz. The other cabals, sensing disorder, have divided
their efforts, and the unity for which Null-B was previously
known has splintered.

The Technocracy denies the existence of the reso-
nance effect, but if MECHA stands for the solidity of the
machine, Null-B reflects the acid bite of human failure.
The hopelessness of the workers and the bitterness of those
who remember Null-B's halcyon days seem to have set up
a powerful resonance. In a desperate attempt to renew the

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 97


Construct's past vigor, the Advocates initiated a campaign
against the Marauders. Null-B is now in more trouble than
it can handle.

Construct Inhabitants

Null-B's servants are mostly humans who sympathize
with the causes of the Technocracy. These servants keep
the Construct in working order and supervise the other
workers. They live apart from the other workers, for the
workers would kill them if they could. A number of HIT
Marks also serve as guards.

Null-B has a number of consors. There are four cy-
borgs, a psychic with a robotic body, two powerful and
cunning Weaver spirits, and three bio-engineered
superhumans (superior to Superiors, and intelligent). One
of the cyborgs is a spy for a Tradition Chantry, but the
others are loyal.

Internal Structure and
Relations

Null-B was ruled for a long time in a very efficient
manner. In the last few years, the hierarchy of leadership
has broken down. Now the amalgams are highly indepen-
dent, but they are forced by necessity to depend upon one
another. This has made the leaders virtually useless, but
they continue to hide their lack of effectiveness from their
own superiors for fear of being replaced.

External Relations

Null-B was once the key player in Construct alliances,
but today the Construct has become one among many
powerful institutions. The Construct is still highly in-
volved in all areas of Technocracy interest, and it is well
known even among the Traditions.

Status and Reputation

Null-B's fortunes have fallen heavily within a few

short years. The constant attacks, the disaffection of the
mages, and the unpleasant nature of the Realm have
tarnished past triumphs. The mages of Null-B still have a
Reputationas formidable fighters, but most Technomancers
agree that Null-B fights a losing battle.

Status: 1

Reputation: 2

Policy Regarding Outsiders
Null-B does not allow outsiders into the Construct or
even the Realm. Even other Technomancers must have
proper credentials or they will be fed to the Wasteland
spirits. Orphans are often captured to serve as apprentices,
though particularly unruly ones are usually sent to MECHA.
Sleepers are captured as needed to serve as workers in the

factory. Null-B often uses Rogues, but once they have
outlived their usefulness, they are killed.


Allies and Enemies

Null-B has a large number of allies and enemies. It is
also a rival of Metropolis2. Supernatural allies and adver-
saries should be developed as needed. In addition to magickal
allies, Null-B has in its service key members of the DIA, the
Special Branch and the BND.

Research Capacities

Null-B's research capacities are geared toward the
production of high-tech gadgets to be sold to Sleepers. The
devices include telephones, radios, calculators, computers
and refrigerators. Null-B's products include special
Technomantic powers to aid the Technocracy in reaching
its version of Ascension.

Inaddition to designing and producing products (all of
which are channeled through Syndicate-owned compa-
nies), Null-B gathers information and items useful in
conducting the Pogrom. Such things range from useful
magi tomes to floorplans of Tradition Chantri

Most
receive their training at one of the Technocracy's acad-
emies before they receive their position at the Construct.

Null-B provides limited training to its mage:

Null-B's arcane library is of adequate size and is very

diverse, covering all the Spheres and all areas of Technoc-

racy activity. The Construct's mundane library is ma
covering nearly every imaginable field in detail.

sive,

Null-B's computer network is equally massive. It is
linked into the DIA and many other organizations' net-
works. The trouble caused by the Virtual Adepts left the
Construct's systems in a mess for a while, but most of the
bugs have been caught.

The Technomancers of Null-B have a large supply of
Quintessence, allowing them to conduct many experi-
ments and empower many important Talismans. The

Construct also receives a share of Quintessence from
MECHA.

Story Ideas

Null-B is a hopeless place, where the aspirations of
Technomancers have died. This apathy reflects itself in the
res are taken, the Sea of
Disgust always returns to haunt those who would start
anew.

Realm; no matter what me

The bleak, drained, embattled mood of Yenosia should

pervade stories set in or around Null-B. The final destruc-

tion of the place would almost be a mercy to everyone
concerned.

Story Ideas for Null-B

1.Can the players trust a Marauder? Arthur Tart blows
his cover to ask for help. The players may have no alterna-

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 99


tive. Tarr can doa lot of damage, but his chaotic urges have
been repr:

ssed for too long, and he is a danger to everyone
around him. He's a chancy ally and a worse enemy.

2. While traveling through the Near Umbra, the
characters accidentally cross through a Portal into Yenosia.
The characters must find a Portal leading out, as the
Gauntlet protecting the Realm is so strong that the mages
will be unable to create one through their own magick
without drawing the attention of the Wasteland spirits or
Technomancer patrols.

3. The characters are sent into Null-B as spies for their
own Chantry. The characters must gather as much infor-
mation as they can and find a way out. In addition, they are
to capture one of the cyborg Acolytes, or perhaps destroy
the Wyldling Containment Grid, freeing the wyldling
spirits and reducing the power of the Technomancers.

4. The characters are sent into Yenosia to investigate
the ruins of Arcosia below the Sea of Disgust. There, the
characters discover a hidden cabal of Tradition mages who
have formed analliance with the Marauders. They offer the
characters an alliance in exchange for keeping their secret.
If not, they will be hunted down and destroyed. Do the
characters agree? If so, they will have powerful allies.

However, they may also be called upon by the mages to aid
them in their battles against Null-B.

5. If the characters are Technomancers, they must
battle the Marauders. In fact, they will be sent on a wide
range of missions to various places in the Umbra, there to
hunt down Marauders and either capture or kill them. They
may also be asked to infiltrate the Marauders after they
have proved their overwhelming loyalty to the Technoc-
racy.

ms

100 The Book of Chantries

Research Plantation No. 4:
Construct of Moreauvia

What country before existed a century and a half without
arebellion?...The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to
time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is its natural

manure.

— Thomas Jefferson, Letter to William Stevens Smith

Misery is the common thread that links the
diverse Constructs of the Technocracy. There
are always the superiors and the inferiors,
and the inferiors are always much greater in
number. Such is the Technocracy's idea of
Ascension.

In the Horizon Realm known as Moreauvia,
the Construct called Research Plantation #4
is working hard toward the Technomancer
Ascension. Its mages have created their own slaves, draw-
ing them from test tubes. They work their creations to
death after their interest in them fades away.

The proud parent Progenitors bred their creations to
lack a sense of free will. It made their jobs so much easier.
Even the genetic masters' science is not perfect, however;
tage builds in the hearts of the slave-children. Soon, very
soon, the rage will overcome them, and blood will begin to
flow.

Amalgams

The Masters of Moreauvia

Members: Theodore Lewis (Progenitors), Dwight
Corbett (Progenitors), Clarence Papineau (Progenitors),
Marcia Dickerson (Progenitors)

Background: This amalgam is composed of the Pro-
genitor creators who give life to the Moreauvians. They are
devoted to the study of life and the perfection of new hybrid
species. They are a group of detached scientists. They
seldom ever get too attached to their work. Occasionally
such an attachment does occur, however, for good or ill.

Clarence Papineau
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Director
Essence: Dynamic
Convention: Progenitors

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Athletics 1, Computer 2, Culture 3, Dodge
1, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 5, Intuition 4, Law 2, Leadership 4,
Linguistics 4, Medicine 5, Meditation 2, Panhandling 2,
Research 4, Science 3, Survival 3, Technology 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Arcane 5, Avatar 4, Dream 1,
Library 8

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 4, Life 5, Mind 1,
Matter 3, Prime 3, Spirit 1

Willpower: 9

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 15

Paradox: 5

Clarence Papineau was a promising medical student
whose inclination tended more toward the laboratory than
the bedside. Cold and remote, Clarence's greatest pleasure
was taking things apart to find out what made them tick.

While working at the Denver Animal Hospital, he
caught the eye of Dr. Martinez, a Progenitor "scout," who
engaged him ina long debate about magick. When Clarence
maintained that magick was garbage, the Technomancer
proved the truth of his words by dissecting a cat without
even touching it. Fascinated, Clarence followed his
newfound Mentor all the way to Research Plantation #4.

Clarence was happy with his work for several years,
until Dr. Martinez "disappeared" after strongly dissenting
with Colleen Weidner about her brutal treatment of hy-
brids. Martinez's standard tissue samples, which Progenitors
use for back-up cloning, also mysteriously disappeared.
Clarence suspects that Weidner's influence with the Mas-
ters has led to Martinez's extinction, and that a similar fate
might be in store for him. Intrigue was never his strong
point, but Clarence is now trying to figure out how to
avenge his Mentor without joining him.

Image: Papineau isa tall, white-haired, blue-eyed man
of 40. He dresses in expensive, semi-casual styles fitting an
older Caucasian conservative Republican. He is of average
build, but in good shape for a man of his age. He does have
a permanent Paradox flaw. Early experiments left the skin
on his hands, arms and back slightly brown and with a
texture like that of a lizard. He usually wears long-sleeved
shirts and gloves to conceal this deformity.

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 101


s

Roleplaying Notes: Papineau is a very refined gentle-
man. He does not like to take chances and prefers to avoid
managerial positions in favor of his own work. He is a
perfectionist and has an unnerving manner whenever
something or someone gets in his way.

Sanctum: Papineau's private chambers are tastefully
decorated with neo-Classical art, preserved from the ele-
ments by sturdy glass frames. His furniture is likewise sturdy
and elegant, and he maintains a large private library. Of
late, he has taken to sweeping his chambers for magickal or
electronic "bugs" every morning and night.

The Overseers

Members: Phillip Ramsey (Progenitors), Colleen
Weidner (Progenitors), James Montgomery (Progenitors)

Background: This amalgam supervises the production
and collection of the Kaltee (a plant) crop grown by the
Moreauvians. It also oversees the lives of the animal-
human slaves. Finally, the Overseers protect the Construct
and command the guard units of Superiors.

Nodes of Research
Plantation No. 4

Unlike most Technocracy Constructs, Research Plan-
tation #4 does not get any Quintessence from MECHA. It
does not wish to owe the Construct any favors, as it does not

102. The Book of Chantries

appreciate MECHA's treatment of humans. Still, the
Technomancers of the Construct seem to have no qualms
about using animals in an equally vulgar manner.

The Stele of Sura Molti: This large stone monolith is
located in the wilds of Zaire. The lion-shaped monument
is dedicated to the spirits of the animal lords. It was a
powerful religious symbol for a long-extinct tribe. It was

occupied by some werelions, but they we'
the Technocracy's HIT Marks. The Node w:
as usual for fear that it would lose its potency.

aughtered by
snot sanitized

It is currently being raided by some unknown Quintes-
sence thieves. The Moreauvian guards have either been
killed or kidnapped. The Progenitors have considered
sending in a large force to get to the bottom of things, but
they have yet to do so.

The Enchanted Meadow of Bliss: Some Progenitors
have their uses for the Wyld. Without it they cannot easily
shape and mold flesh to suit their needs. This Node is
actually a Glen, a rare place filled with the essence of the
Wyld. The Progenitors carefully guard this place, drawing
Quintessence from it for use in their genetic experiments.
The place is a lush forest, more beautiful than any forest on
Earth. Some of the Progenitors come to the Glen to relax.
However, they have begun to fear that a certain Garou sept
has set its eyes on the Glen.

The Denver Metropolitan Animal Hospital: This
sanitized Node is used primarily by the Technomancers as


a means of acquiring DNA samples from unusual animal
specimens. The hospital is world-renowned for its excep-
tional ability to cure sick animals (Progenitor secret
technology in action). Various zoos across the world and
even owners of exotic pets bring their animals to the
hospital. The DNA samples are taken back to the Progeni-
tor laboratories, where they are analyzed and catalogued for
use in future experiments.

The HorizonRealm

Basic Concept

T have never seen a happy slave. I have seen him dance in
his chains, true, but he was not happy. There is a difference
between happiness and mirth.

— Angelina Grimké, Bearing Witness Against Slavery

Moreauvia takes its name from The Island of Dr
Moreau. The Progenitors so named it because the whole
purpose of the Construct was to develop new races of
creatures by combininghuman and animal genes. Moreauvia
isnow a land filled with all sorts of hybrids: the bizarre, the
vicious and the pathetic. These creatures serve their Pro-
genitor masters aves in their fields, and as specimens to
be dissected at whim.

Research Plantation #4 exists in a Summer state, but
it is a fragile season. Though the Construct is strong, it is
isolated. When the Verbena-backed hybrids arise, the
Progenitors may fall.

Resonance is a funny thing. While there are no exter-
nal manifestations of the repression and surgical horror
that the Progenitors practice, changes occur just out of
sight. The hybrids' disposition has become more aggressive
with each "generation," though the scientists have not
ized this. The temperature has risen slightly over the
a gradual but constant change. And then there are
the Verbena, who come and go through a Portal totally
unknown to the Technomancers. The Verbena would call
this recent turn of events "threefold return."

Environment

Moreauvia is a land filled with dense forests and crop
fields. Research Plantation #4 sits near the area deemed the
north end. Surrounding the Construct is a village of squalid
wattle-and-daub huts; these huts house the hybrids.

The sun, the moon and the stars all resemble their
earthly counterparts. The weather, the climate and the
seasons likewise resemble those of Earth's temperate zone.
The plants and animals are all similar to those found in the
southern United States, though a few animals from South
America, Australia and Africa also live in the Realm. The
Realmis very rural; only a handful of dirt roads lead through
the village and to the fields. Horses provide the only means
of travel.

LYNN AT TENOR TT TRE Tt


The plant species grown by the hybrids is called Kaltee.
It not only provides gastronomic sustenance, but gives the
individual a pleasurably altered state of consciousness.
Prolonged use of Kaltee will cause addiction. Listlessness
and decreased mental capacities are common among ad-
dicts. The members of the Pharmacopeans, an arm of the
Progenitors involved in chemical research, use Kaltee to
create many strange drugs.

Denizens of the Realm

The hybrids are the only intelligent inhabitants save
the Technomancers thems
Attributes, Abilities and
oid, but each hybrid bears a great number of animal features
from its prototype species of animal. Their personalities are
also much like those of their animal counterparts. How-
ever, the Progenitors have spliced a fail-safe chromosome
into the hybrids' genetic makeup. This "inhibitor" chromo-
some theoretically prevents the hybrids' from attacking
each other or the Progenitors
attacked a mage, there have recently been some fights
among the hybrids; these battles have resulted in death and
cannibalism.

Ives. Hybrids differ greatly in
special powers. They are human-

. Though none has ever yet

The culture created by the hybrids is unique. They are
certainly sentient, but they reflect their animal as well as
their human natures. They seem to understand nature and
their role in it better than humans do. Most are loyal, hard-
working creatures. Originally no marriages, or even mating,
were permitted, but simple genetic tinkering rendered all
hybrids sterile.

The hybrids work in the fields from sunup to sunset.
They receive no pay other than food, shelter, and all the
supplies they need. The hybrids are not allowed any Kaltee,
and stealing it is punishable by death. However, some steal
it anyway.

The Verbena

Now, if it is deemed necessary that I should forfeit my life
for the furtherance of the ends of justice, and mingle my blood
further with the blood of my children and with the blood of the
millions in this slave country whose rights are disregarded by
wicked, cruel, and unjust enactments, I say let it be done.

— John Brown's final speech before the court that
condemned him to die

Living in the woods, unbeknownst to the Progenitors,
are three Verbena witches. They take the forms of animals
toprowl the forest in safety, and at nighta few of the hybrids
come to them. The mages are teaching the hybrids their
magickal ways and are also implanting the s

eds of revolt.

Soon, there may be an uprising.

Emily Harden
Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanor: Judge
Essence: Dynamic

104 The Book of Chantries

Tradition: Verbena

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 5, Brawl 3,
Computer 1, Cosmology 3, Culture 3, Dodge 4, Drive 1,
Enigmas 4, Etiquette 2, Expression (writing) 4, Firearms
(bow) 2, Intuition 5, Investigation 4, Linguistics 5, Medi-
cine 1, Meditation 4, Melee 4, Occult 5, Stealth 4, Streetwise 2,
Survival 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Arcane 3, Avatar 5, Dream 5

Spheres: Entropy 2, Forces 3, Life 4, Mind 3, Prime 3,
Spirit 3

Willpower: 8

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 13

Paradox: 7

Background: Emily was born and raised in an Ances-
tral Chantry by her Verbena parents, and Awakened at a
very early age. She learned the ways of the Verbena just as
she learned her ABCs. When she was old enough, she ran
away from home to travel around Europe. Several years

later, she returned home and was greeted with open arms.
Her parents had kept watch over her while she was away,
but had allowed her to experience life among the Sleepers
and learn what she would.

Intoxicated by freedom, she declined an offer to re-
main with the Chantry, and has instead chosen to follow
her own path, though she retains close ties to her family and
friends. A little over a year ago, two childhood companions
infiltrated Research Plantation #4 and were horrified by
what they found. When Emily heard, she was likewise
horrified. She considered the lifelong slavery of Research
Plantation #4's inhabitants to be a blasphemous affront,


and readily joined her friends in an attempt to destroy the
place. Emily now lives in the forests of the Realm, encour-
aging the hybrids to revolt and carrying out covert attacks
on the Progenitors.

She fancies herself a modern swashbuckler heroine,
and uses her experiences as material for the popular fantasy
he writes in her spare time. Asa Verbena, Emily feels
onnection with nature, and revels in the wild life

seri

aclo:

she leads.

Image: Harden is a beautiful 20-year-old vixen with
straight, waist-length raven hair and violet eyes. She has a
slender but muscular build, and moves with delicacy and
confidence. She dresses like one of Robin Hood's Merry
Men, with light tunics and leggings. She often wears light
leather armor and frequently goes barefooted. Emily carries

a sword, dagger and bow at all times.

Roleplaying Notes: Emily is a very poised and confi-
dent person who knows how to get what she wants. Her
behavior seems reckless to strangers, but she always has

contingency plans. Emily affects a dashing, flirtatious air
and an English accent. When she gets down to business,

though, she becomes level-headed and deadly serious

Sanctum: She maintains two sanctums on Earth; one
ttle and the other is in Toronto. She has 13 pet cats
ineach of hersanctums. Hersanctums are

isinS
omfortable
and earthy, with a medieval ambience. She returns to E
often through a secret Portal unknown to the
Technomancers.

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Entropy -2, Forces -1, Life +3, Mind +1,
Matter -1, Spirit +1

Construct Description

The Research Plantation #4: Within the Realm, the
actual Construct looks just as it does on Earth,

rth

ept for
the equipment inside. The Construct consists of the "big
house," where the mages live, and five other buildings.

Three of these are laboratories, one is a cryogenic storage
tored, and the
last is a storage building. The crops harvested by the

facility where the Progenitors' clones are

Moreauvians are stored in silos and barns just outside the

cal
and are in excellent condition. The place has a number of
guards, primarily to guard their clones, for the mages
believe their creations cannot harm them.

Construct. The plantation buildings appear neo-Class

The Meridian Estate: This is the earthly aspect of the
plantation. It looks almost exactly the same, though it is
not as well kept, and it does not house all the advanced
technology used by the Progenitors of the Realm. The
plantation is used as a home by a few of the mages, but most
people believe the place abandoned (and possibly haunted).
There is justification for these latter rumors; nearly 60 years
ago, a lone Progenitor performed horrible experiments in
the Construct rather than in the Realm. Some say he

released many hideous creatures onto the nearby town.
Legend has it that he was killed by one of his experiments,
and that some of the monsters now live in the nearby
woods. The Progenitors who were aroundat the time do not
discuss the incident.

Purpose

Research Plantation #4 was founded for the sole pur-
pose of developing new sentient creatures to serve the
Progenitors, though the creation of Kaltee is an unex-
pected bonus. By splicinghuman DNA with that of animals,
the Progenitors had hoped to create a species superior to
both. Instead, the Progenitors may have bred their own
downfall.

History

In the 1850s, the Masters were just another amalgam
working within a Progenitor Construct. After they began
conducting research into the splicing of human and animal
genetic material, they approached the leaders of the Pro-
genitors. They talked their superiors into allowing them to
create their own Realm where they could pursue their
research in private.

The mages founded a Realm using a large amount of
Tass captured from a powerful Marauder. The Tass was as
powerful as its former wielder; it only took the Masters a
year tocreate the Realm they later named Moreauvia. They
soon created the first of their hybrids, and they have yet to
stop. 3

Strange things do occasionally happen, possibly as a
result of using Marauder-tainted Quintessence to create
the Realm. Some of the hybrids seem to be developing
aggressive tendencies, and a few have even turned on their
Sleeper overseers. Autopsies on the rebellious hybrids
uncovered no reason for this aggression. The mages now

fear an uprising. Little do they know the Verbena are
attempting to put an end to the Progenitors' evil work.

Construct Inhabitants
Aside from the mages there are afew trusted Moreauvian
servants and 15 Superiors. The mages formerly allowed
their Moreauvian servants to serve them in the earthly
aspect of the Chantry, but one of the most trusted of them
ran away. The hybrid, named Jeremiah, was never cap-
tured.

"Heckler"

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Conformist

Essence: N/A

Tradition: N/A

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Culture 3,
Dodge 3, Etiquette 3, Investigation 3, Medicine 1, Melee 3,
Stealth 4, Subterfuge 4, Survival 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Influence (hybrids) 5

Spheres: N/A

Willpower: 6

Arete: N/A

Quintessence: N/A

Paradox: N/A

Special Abilities: Claws and teeth (Accuracy: 6, Dam-
age: Strength +2, non-aggravated)

Background: Heckler was "born" in the plantation
lab. Though originally destined to join the field workers,
his quick mind and able tongue won him a position of
influence with both the hybrids and the Progenitors. Not
one to miss an opportunity, Overseer James Montgomery
befriended Heckler, intending to use the hybrid as a spy.
Their friendship quickly turned genuine, though, much to
both beings' surprise.

Heckler's lust for knowledge knows no bounds. As
soon as he was able, he began to sneak into the library and
thereby taught himself to read. Though the Masters are
unaware of it, he has begun to teach other hybrids, using
stolen books and the aid of the Verbena in the forest.
Heckler is intensely curious and spies upon everybody.
Consequently, he knows more about the plantation than
many of the Progenitors themselves do.

Caught between the Verbena and Montgomery, Heck-
ler faces a dilemma: which one of his friends will he sell out?
He honestly likes Montgomery and has been able to temper
the Overseers' cruelty. Still, the Verbena and their talk of
freedom and other worlds intrigue him. For the moment, he
contents himself with playing both sides, assuming that
he'll figure things out when the time comes.


Image: Heckler resembles a cross between a fox, an ape
anda man, with broad shoulders, long arms, a vulpine face,
whiskers, reddish fur, and large steel-blue eyes. He moves at
a quick lope, using his arms to swing himself across the
ground or the trees. He speaks well and picks things up
quickly.

Roleplaying Notes: Heckler's eloquence has been his
salvation, so he almost reflexively engages anyone he meets
in conversation. He always tries to stay one step ahead of
everyone else, ferreting out all of the information he can
find. Though he fights reasonably well, he prefers to avoid
combat. When all else fails, he has plenty of friends on
whom he can call.

Internal Structure and
Relations
The Masters have no real hierarchy, seeing it as too
restrictive for their needs. Instead, they treat each other as
professional colleagues. They vote on all matters affecting
the Construct and the Realm, and they abide by a simple
but functional covenant.

External Relations

These Progenitors are very xenophobic. They do not
wish to involve themselves in the Pogrom or any other
activities of the Technocracy, nor do they wish to be

singled out and attacked by the Traditions. They also fear
other, more powerful, Progenitors will try to take responsi-
bility for their work if they let them. For this reason, they
do not even keep the Progenitor leaders informed of their
activities. The Construct has gone virtually unnoticed for
a long time.

Status and Reputation

The Research Plantation is virtually unknown, but it
is recognized as a part of the Technocracy. It is assigned
minimal Status within it. Those few outsiders who know of
it consider it a bad joke staffed by fools. A small number of
older mages remember the Progenitors of the Construct,
and fear they are breeding an army of superhuman creatures
to usurp command of the Technocracy.

Status: 1

Reputation: |

Policy Regarding Outsiders
The Progenitors of the Research Plantation do not
allow anyone into the Construct or the Realm (save poten-
tial victims). They do not use Rogues, but would have no
qualms over so doing should they need to.

Allies and Enemies

The Research Plantation's allies
Research Plantations (who are also the Construct's rivals),

‘onsist of three other


one other Progenitor research facility, an Onieran Dream
Lord named Kli Qu, and two Umbrood Preceptors.

The Construct's enemies include one Chantry, a cabal
of Nephandi mages, a sept of Wendigo Garou called the
Winds of Retribution, andan Umbrood Lord named Sphinx,
which also serves as a totem to Garou.

Research Capacities

Research Plantation #4 was created for the sole pur-
pose of research, so its resources are vast. Its members are on
the cutting edge of genetics, and most of the equipment
they use is not available to other Progenitors. They do not,
however, maintain a force of the genetic monstrosities
favored by other Progenitor amalgams, feeling secure in the
passive natures of their hybrids. This may be their undoing.

The mages train themselves, as none are more
knowledgable than they. They also train their own appren-
tices.

The entirety of the Construct's arcane library is dedi-
cated to the Progenitors' work, though many mages have
private collections of arcane works relating to other areas
of magick. Their mundane library is so massive it takes up
an entire floor of the "Big House."

By trading Kaltee for Tass, the mages have accumu-
lated more than enough Quintessence for their experiments.

The Book of Chantries

Story Ideas

The obvious theme for Plantation #4 is slavery — the
slavery of the hybrids, and the slavish devotion of the
Masters to an idea that should be dead and gone.

This Construct simmers with rebellion, though the
Masters do not see it. For all of their science, the
Technomancers of Moreauvia have ignored history, psy-
chology and general humanity. This hubris has led them
into a trap, and it's only a matter of time before the trap
snaps shut.

Story Ideas for Research
Plantation No. 4

1. The characters encounter a strange hybrid that has
escaped from the Construct. The creature asks the charac-
ters for protection. The mages will come under attack by
hybrids loyal to the Progenitors, as well as by Superiors and
the Progenitors themselves.

2. The characters are called upon by the Coven of the
Seven Stars, the Verbena cabal responsible for planting the
seeds of the hybrid uprising. The cabal asks the characters
to come to the Realm and assist the hybrids in their attack
on the Construct. However, the Progenitors have learned
of the impending rebellion through a double agent. They


have sent for reinforcements and are ready for nearly
anything.

3. One of the characters is kidnapped by the Progeni-
tors. The Technomancers hope to use the character's DNA
to create hybrids with the potential to use magick. These
special hybrids will then be trained as Progenitors, giving
them the physical superiority of the hybrids and the magickal
superiority of the mages. The other characters will have to
break into the construct to rescue their friend.

4. The characters accidentally discover the Stele of
Sura Molti and claim itas their own. When the Progenitors
tealize the characters have been siphoning power from the

Node, they will attack them with their hybrids. Even if the
characters manage to hold onto the Node, they will have to
deal with werelions, who also want the Node. The werelions
will agree to assist the characters if they agree to share the
Node with them. If the characters agree, the werelions will
want to invade the Progenitors' Realm together.

5. If the characters are Technomancers, they are sent
to retrieve an escaped hybrid who is on an insane killing
spree. The hybrid is murdering humans for food. Will the
mages stop him before he attracts the attention of other
mages or supernatural beings?

Chapter Two: Technomancer Constructs 109



Chapter Three:

Nephandi
Labyrinths

The Black Queen

chants a funeral march,
The cracked brass bells will ring

| ee

To summon back the Fire Witch
To the court of the Crimson King.
— King Crimson, "The Court of the Crimson King"

The Chantries of the Nephandi are known as
Labyrinths: dark cathedrals of alien design
and corrupt purpose. To the Nephandi, As-
cension is Descent, a fatal embrace of the
damned. In the reaches of the Deep Umbra,
these mages howl their praises to the Wyrm,
and the abyss laughs and takes them in.
Labyrinths maintain a tenuous hold on

the Earth through Nodes of corruption and
despair, places where the darkest passions of humanity
poison the Quintessence and raise Nodes like boils in the
earth. The Nephandi seek out these venomous places,
piercing the Gauntlet and carving out their Realms quickly,
before either the Technocracy or Traditions can shut them
down. Through infiltrators on Earth, the Nephandi and
their Acolytes encourage humanity's corruption; through

this corruption they construct more Nodes...

Labyrinths reflect the alien mindset of their creators:
they contain twisted corridors, brain-wrenching geometry,
and nightmarish shapes dancing just out of sight. Most
Labyrinths take forbidding shapes, suggesting some deeper,
almost living, essence. Visitors to these places complain of

disorientation, headaches and dizziness long after leaving;

many suffer lasting neuroses, or worse.

Renunciates

Nephandi often speak of themselves as "soul-mirrors"
reflecting the darkness within the mortal soul. Some claim
that they exist to provide an example of the left-hand Path
to the Awakened, to give those mages who strive to Ascend
a bad example. Others seem to revel in the knowledge that
they are damned, and are determined to enjoy it. The ranks
of the renunciates, called barabbi, include mages of both
philosophies.

Barabbi are mages of Tradition or Technocracy that
leave their chosen Path for the corruption of the dark side
of power. Many barabbi remain with their fellows, disguis-
ing their true natures and corrupting from within. They
privately indulge their passions for oblivion while publicly
upholding the facades of their former lives. These
renunciates pose a double dilemma for their friends. Can
barabbi be saved? Should they be saved? The hazards of
mages dedicated to deliberate evil (and spreading that evil)
should be obvious.

Labyrinths exist beyond the Horizon, but reach into
the Earth. Their agents batter at the walls of reality; mages
crossing their path are advised to tread lightly.

Chapter Three: Nephandi Labyrinths 111


The Drachus Vachor:
Chantry of the Olic Batu,
the Sea of Ash

A gain it is to find a beautiful human soul.
—Johann Gottfried von Herder, Der Gerettete Jungling

Seductive is the lure of the sea; in Drachus

\ Vachor, that sea is a sea of ash, an alien
Realm in which a group of young Tradition
mages have sold their souls to the Nephandus
Galarius.

h

The mages were young and inexperienced.

at They did not know the cost of their greed,

§] and they willingly gave themselves to the

darkness in exchange for power. They now

regret their actions, but they are in deep and there is no way

out. Reluctantly, they now corrupt the souls of their fellow

mages, promising them what they were promised — unbe-
lievable power at the mere price of a soul.

Galarius, Master of the Realm

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Primordial

Tradition: Dreamspeaker barabbi

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Awareness 6, Brawl 3,
Culture 4, Dodge 2, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 5, Expression
(Persuasion) 5, Intimidation 4, Intuition 3, Leadership 5,
Linguistics 6, Meditation 5, Melee 3, Occult 7, Research 4,
Stealth 4, Subterfuge 6, Survival 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 4, Avatar 5, Destiny 4,
Dream 5, Influence 3, Library 10, Mentor 5, Node 5

Spheres: Correspondence 5, Entropy 4, Forces 3, Life 3,
Mind 4, Matter 2, Prime 4, Spirit 5, Time 4

Willpower: 9

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 15

Paradox: 5

Background: Some of the Kinfolk who came to the
New World with their Garou brethren secretly served what
they believed to be the Wyrm. The foul cultists worshipped
the Nephandi, providing them with the souls of their fellow
Kinfolk. One of these Kinfolk cults located itself on a small
barrier island off the coast of Georgia. The cult had three
powerful Nodes and served three powerful Nephandi.

112 The Book of Chantries

On a particularly unholy day in the cultists' calendar,
a child named Galarius was born. The child was groomed
from birth to lead the cult. The Nephandi realized that the
child's Avatar was strong, and that they could use his power
for their own bidding. Galarius grew up among the immoral
and damned people of the island, and eventually became
their leader. He represented the epitome of corruption,
decadence and destruction. However, the Technocracy's
Horizon was eventually put into place, and the island was
overrun by Technomancers who wished to destroy the
Nephandi. Through Galarius' battle skill, the Realm was
saved and the Nephandi's power and influence, though
reduced, were still intact. Galarius served his masters well.
(See Chantry History for further details.)

Today, Galarius continues to serve his masters. Over
the years he has managed to corrupt a number of cabals,
leading them into the service of the Nephandi. He is
currently serving as Mentor to a new cabal of minions and
future sacrifices, called the Watchers of the Void.

Image: Galarius no longer looks Native American. He
looks more like an Eastern European. He is of average build,
though he is tall. His hair is medium-length and dark
brown. His eyes display a permanent Paradox Flaw — they
are emeralds. He is able to mask his eyes by wearing shades,


but he chooses not to doso in the Horizon Realm. On Earth
he wears expensive, custom-fitted suits, while in the Realm
he wears blood-red and black robes.

Roleplaying Notes: Galarius is totally evil and utterly
dominated by his masters. He is a pawn, but his guile and
power are forces to fear. He will attempt to befriend all
mages he encounters, hiding his secret allegiance. He will
offer his services, attempting to put others in debt to him so
they will feel obligated to repay him. He isa merciless killer
and derives great pleasure from his work.

Sanctum: Galarius seldom appears on Earth. He pre-
fers to remain in the Chantry, where he remains unknown
and safe. His chambers have never been seen by any save
the Hooded Horrors (see Chantry Inhabitants). They are
much like those of the rest of the Chantry, except there is
a private shrine dedicated to his masters that functions as
apersonal Node.

The Watchers of the Void (All
barabbimages)

Members: Joanne Myers (Cult of Ecstasy), Lester
Giles (Sons of Ether), Abdel-Aziz Hummein (Euthanatos),
Hiram Jencks (Order of Hermes), Bernard Monfort (Celes-
tial Chorus)

Background: This cabal was originally a group of
young Tradition mages who were about to be destroyed by
apack of Marauders. A strange mage named Galarius saved
their lives and offered them both magickal gifts and the

opportunity to join his Chantry. The offer seemed too good
to be true — and it was.

Joanne Myers

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Survivor

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Cult of Ecstasy barabbi

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 4,
Computer 2, Dodge 2, Drive 2, Enigmas 3, Etiquette 3,
Expression 3, Firearms 3, Intimidation 2, Intuition 3,
Investigation 2, Leadership 2, Linguistics 3, Meditation 4,
Occult 2, Research 2, Stealth 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3,
Technology 1

Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Avatar 4, Destiny 4, Dream 3,
Mentor 5

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 2, Life 2, Mind 3,
Prime 2, Time 4

Willpower: 9

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 18

Paradox: 2

Background: Joanne Myers was born on a small farm
in Iowa. She dreamt of one day becoming a famous actress,
and ran away from home at the age of 16 and caught a bus
to Los Angeles.

Her Avatar awoke on stage. She froze during opening
night, and the jeers of an unruly audience literally brought
her to her knees, sobbing. When she looked up, members
of the audience were bursting into flame. She panicked and
ran, but one man tracked her down and took her as his
apprentice. Joanne served as the Ecstasy Cultist's appren-
tice for seven years. Afterward, she joined a cabal called the
Lightning Seven and fought against the Technocracy.

She never knew Galarius was a Nephandus until she
was already one herself. Galarius provided her with de-
signer drugs that altered her senses in heretofore
unimaginable ways. The pleasure and the revelation were
beyond anything the Cult of Ecstasy had given her. Even-
tually, she became addicted.

Now Joanne serves the Nephandi reluctantly. She has
secretly overcome her addiction, and she has never made a
soul-pact with the Nephandi. She plans to make an escape
as soon as she finds some trustworthy mages.

Myers' interests include exploring the World of Dark-
ness, developing friendships with anyone who can save her,
reading science fiction and fantasy, and studying parapsy-
chology.

Image: Myers is an attractive, athletic woman in her
early 30s. She has curly, coppery-red hair and bright green
eyes. She wears comfortable, trendy clothes.

Roleplaying Notes: Joanne is a strong-willed, tough
woman. She is persistent and independent. She hated her
dependence upon Galarius, which she has since overcome.
She now seeks a way out of her current situation. She will
assist any mages who can save her from the Nephandi.

Chapter Three: Nephandi Labyrinths 113


While Joanne would prefer to return to the Traditions, she
is even willing to go with Technomancers and Marauders.
She fears death, but she fears damnation even more.

Sanctum: Joanne spends most of her time in the
Charleston house, where she has a five-room sanctum. She
also maintains a private apartment near the Chantry,
decorated in a comfortable, modern style.

Lester Giles

Nature: Avant-Garde

Demeanor: Deviant

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Sons of Ether barabbi

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Awareness 4, Brawl 2, Computer 3, Cosmol-
ogy 3, Culture 4, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 5, Intuition 2,
Investigation 3, Linguistics 4, Medicine 5, Meditation 3,
Melee 2, Occult 5, Research 5, Science 3, Stealth 1,
Subterfuge 2, Technology 4, Watchmaking 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 3, Avatar 3, Destiny 3,
Dream 2, Library 5, Mentor 5, Retainers 5

Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 2, Life 4, Mind 3, Matter 4,
Prime 3, Spirit 2

Willpower: 4

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 12

Paradox: 8

Background: Lester Giles was born in Manchester,
England in 1843 toa family of watchmakers. Giles grew up
learning the family trade. Eventually he took over the
s his father's eyesight prevented him from con-

busines:
tinuing.

Lester also became fascinated with the occult at an
early age. He joined a secret society of hedge wizards in an
attempt to learn the ways of magick.

One of the members of the society just happened to be
areal mage. He took Giles aside and promised to teach him
the real ways of magick, provided he quit the family
business and take up full-time study for a number of years.
Giles agreed, so long as his family was cared for financially.
His Mentor provided for them and took Giles away. Giles
spent nearly 10 years in study, but eventually learned the
ways of magick and became a Son of Ether.

He traveled for years, serving in various cabals. He
joined the Lightning Seven 10 years ago. Giles was easily
corrupted, for he sought power and understanding, and
Galarius was more than willing to provide it to him.

Giles has recently taken to experimenting with reani-
mates. He hi
means of altering Avatars. He believes he will one day

as also become interested in developing a

develop a means of converting one Essence into another.

He thinks it may even be pos:

sible to develop new Avatars.

Image: Lester Giles is a slightly overweight man in his
late 40s. He has thinning, dark-brown, wavy hair, a mus-
tache, and brown eyes. He wears outdated clothing and
almost always has a lit pipe in his mouth.

Roleplaying Notes: Giles is a jovial and curious man.
While he does not realize he is working for the Nephandi,
his corruption is total, and he is beyond redemption. He
will not hesitate to use people and betray them. However,
he always appears the proper English gentleman. He is
more than a little insane, suffering from several phobias of
the Storyteller's choice.

Sanctum: Giles does most of his "r ch" in Drachus

Vachor. He has a huge sanctum set aside for the creation of
his reanimates. He also has a large sanctum in the tunnels
below the lighthouse Chantry. H
body parts, dissecting tables, medical devices and other
disgusting features. The rooms in the tunnels are lit with
fluorescent bulbs, and the walls, floors and ceilings in both
sanctums are coated in dried blood. Some of Giles' former
experiments, those with sufficient intellect to heed one-
word commands, serve as his Retainers.

Nodes of Drachus
Vachor

All three of the Chantry's Nodes are located within a
mile of one another. They forma triangle with the Chantry
in the midst.

sanctum is filled with

Colirus Bri: This Node is a seven-foot-tall, conical
rock that juts from the earth like a miniature volcano.
Anyone looking into the hole will see nothing but black-
ness. There is apparently no bottom either; any object
dropped within disappears into the abyss. The opening is
just wide enough for a person to squeeze through. The rock


of the Node is blackish-blue and is inscribed with many
organic-looking carvings of unknown design.

Colirus Dre: This Node resembles Colirus Bri, above,
but the stench of sulfur and brimstone rises from it, and the
interior glows orange-red.

Colirus Gu: This Node resembles the other two, but
itemits a fragrant aroma as of flowers, and a purplish-white
smoke. The interior is filled with this wispy smoke, and if
the listener is quiet she can hear the voices of many people
talking in the depths, though she will not be able to
understand them. The smoke cannot be seen through by
any means. Any object thrown into the hole is ejected back
out.

The HorizonRealm

Basic Concept

Ulic Batu is an outward manifestation of the corrup-
tion within the Nephandi. Malformation and evil are
everywhere. Resonance is very strong here; nature itself,
warped by the horrible infestation of the Dark Lords, turns
its twisted essence upon mages herein.

Worse
Having s

still, this Labyrinth is in its Spring season.
rvived an earlier attack, its power is just coming
to new fruition.

Environment

Ulic Batu, the Sea of Ash, is more than a body of water;
it is a Realm. The entire Realm is filled with dark, salty
water; there is neither surface nor sky. The only light comes
from the

bed. At the center of the Realm, at the bottom
of a huge abyss, lies Drachus Vachor.

At the Realm's "bottom," the phosphorescent ooze
illuminates the ocean. Visibility here is 50 feet. As one
swims upward, the sea becomes darker and darker, until it
is pitch black save for the light of bioluminescent predators.

The water itself is just cold enough to be uncomfort-
able. One strange feature is that the Nephandi and their
guests may freely travel through the water, breathing the
water itself (though this may have a corrupting effect on
the guests). Nephandi can also talk to one another under-
water as if they were on dry land.

Needless to say, the Realm's flora and fauna are mon-
strous. Aside from the glowing coral, there are: whales with
human arms (including hands with opposable thumbs);
giant fanged octopi; two-headed sea snakes; eels with
human faces; carnivorous fish with razor-sharp exoskel-
etons; manta rays covered with tiny mouths; and many
other frightening things. These creatures do not attack the
mages, their servants or their guests. The mages or the
servants may even summon larger, more terrifying crea-
tures from the dark waters if the Realm is attacked.

Chapter Three: Nephandi Labyrinths 115


Denizens of the Realm

There are no known intelligent creatures living in the
sea itself, though there may be some unknown to the
Nephandi....

Other Details

Magickal Ratings: Correspondence +2, Entropy +1,
Life +1, Matter -1, Prime -2, Spirit -1, Time +2

Labyrinth Description

Drachus Vachor: The Labyrinth is a massive metal
fortress of unnatural design and appearance. It is colored
jet-black and blood-red, and roughly resembles a castle.
The castle is filled with air, and the ocean will not flood the
Chantry even when the door stands wide open.

The interior is very strange. All the hallways are
tubular, while all the rooms are dome-shaped and change
location constantly. The walls are covered with huge
tapestries and gigantic wall curtains. The place is lit by
giant, water-filled test tubes containing glowing corals and
bioluminescent sea creatures. The furniture is made of
metal, but covered in plush, red upholstery. Huge, port-
hole-like windows provide a view of the ocean, and there
is even an observation chamber made entirely of glass.

Each mage has her own personal livingand study areas.
Secret passages honeycomb the entire complex. The mages
have yet to venture into the lower levels of the Labyrinth,
where their servants stay. Even the Nephandi are afraid of
what they might find.

The Watchers' Lighthouse: The earthly aspect of the
Chantry was once a large fortress, but it was destroyed
hundreds of years ago. A lighthouse now stands in the same
spot. The lighthouse still works, but it is no longer used. At
the base of the lighthouse is a communal meeting and work
area for the cabal. The mages have built six small homes
nearby. The cabal has a helicopter, a large boat, and all the
weapons and equipment it needs. Its computer is tied into
countless systems. The lighthouse is located on a small
island off the coast of Georgia.

The Charleston House: This aspect of the Chantry is
an antebellum house located in one of Charleston, South
Carolina's oldest neighborhoods. The house is filled with
secret passageways and has a large basement. The Chantry
serves as an additional place to stay, but it is seldom used.
Many Sleepers believe it to be haunted.

Purpose
Drachus Vachor is a Nephandi outpost with ties on
Earth. The Labyrinth has expended dozens of cabals. Most
died horribly in the service of their masters, while others
were simply taken by the Nephandi's demon lords after
they became less useful.

116 The Book of Chantries


History

Drachus Vachor was created long before the Horizon
gained its current strength. The Realm served as the
Nephandi's stronghold. Here, corrupt mages slaughtered
Sleepers to appease the appetites of their masters.

The Realm was nearly destroyed by the Void Engi-
neers, but survived. Still, the near-defeat left the Nephandi
weak and vulnerable. All attempts to return to Earth to
collect the souls of Sleepers were thwarted by Technomancer
Shock Corps and bands of Marauders. The Nephandi were
forced to feed on spirits in the Umbra. Eventually, the
Fanlooran Confederacy, a legion of Umbrood under the
guidance of nine Umbrood Lords, besieged Drachus Vachor
and drove the Nephandi to the other side of the Horizon.

Eventually, one priest of the Nephandi, the earthly
aspect's leader, made it to the abandoned Horizon Realm
and into Drachus Vachor itself. He found the place aban-
doned, but he boosted his powers with the Talismans in the
Chantry and a ritual involving the slaying of 12 virgins he
brought with him. This allowed the priest to communicate
with his masters on the other side. The Nephandi told him
how to reopen the Portal leading to and from the Deep
Umbra, but the opening ritual did not work. A new Portal
was needed, as were servants to assist in its construction.
The priest used the Talismans of the Chantry to create a
race of sentient, humanoid beings from a species of fish
indigenous to the Sea of Ash. The beings had no souls, but
possessed frightful Nephandi powers.

Galarius, as the priest was named, worked long and
hard, and eventually built the device. He must now collect
1301 souls to empower it. His masters gifted him with
emerald eyes, which enable him to see pure souls. He began
corrupting other mages to do his dirty work for him, and has
continued to do so up to the present. Soon, Galarius will
have enough souls to empower the gate.

Chantry Inhabitants

Drachus Vachor and its mages are cared for by beings
the mages call (behind their backs) "Hooded Horrors."
These frail humanoids stand roughly five feet in height.
They wear black, cowled robes and never allow the mages
to see their faces. Every so often, a bristly mandible or
dripping tentacle pokes out from beneath a Horror's hood.
The mages aren't sure they want to know what the Horrors
actually look like...

The Hooded Horrors do not speak to the mages, but
understand their commands. They have their own lan-
guage, but it is indecipherable even through magick. The
Hooded Horrors are always around when they are needed.
When the mages are asleep or otherwise occupied, the
Horrors occasionally swim to the Node sites in the Realm,
where they conduct strange rituals and offer sacrifices
ranging from sea creatures to one of their own.

Internal Structure and
Relations

The Chantry is dominated by Galarius, but the mages
are allowed to doas they please so long as they work toward
the goals of their masters. They are watched carefully by
Galarius and the Hooded Horrors. The ensuing stress has
caused the mages to question their duties, and they would
all like to be free from their chosen masters. They cannot
confide that secret with one another, however, lest one of
them informs Galarius of their treachery. Instead, they
continue to feign loyalty. In fact, they carry out their duties
as if they enjoy them. The mages often corrupt others by
setting up ambushes using monstrous creatures. They then
show up just in time to "save the lives of the victims,"
making the victims inclined to trust them and feel they owe
them a debt.

External Relations

Drachus Vachor is known to neither the Technocracy
nor the Traditions. The Watchers of the Void are known,
but only for their excellent service to the Traditions.
Indeed, most among the Traditions still believe the Watch-
ers loyal. The Labyrinth's only real contact is with other
Nephandi strongholds.

Status and Reputation

Status: 0 (3 with Nephandi)

Reputation: 0

The Chantry is unknown, but the mages are not. Many
suspect the Watchers are hiding something. Others speak
of the Watchers as selfless heroes who are willing to help
other mages without asking anything in return. However,
this is a Reputation they began spreading themselves.

Policy Regarding Outsiders

No outsiders save converts and sacrifices are allowed in
any part of the Chantry. Rogues are never used, and
apprentices are never taken. Others do the teaching; the
Watchers do the corrupting.

Allies and Enemies

Inaddition to its own three Nephandi masters, Drachus
Vachor has the support of another Nephandi Labyrinth
and three small cabals of Nephandi infiltrating
Technomancer amalgams. The corrupt amalgams often
impart information about the Technocracy's activities.
The Watchers of the Void are also allied to a pack of Black
Spiral Dancer werewolves and a powerful Sabbat vampire
elder in Charleston, South Carolina.

The Chantry's enemies include six Constructs, one
rival Labyrinth, and two Umbrood Preceptors who partici-
pated in the original siege on the Realm.

Chapter Three: Nephandi Labyrinths 117


Research Capacities

The Labyrinth has tremendous research facilities, but
the mages receive no training except through personal
study. The arcane library is adequate for the mages' needs.
The tomes are in various languages, but most are in good

shape.

The mages gain most of their information through
their Nephandi allies. They also have five spies who are
privy to information concerning the Traditions and the
Technocracy. The computer system of the Labyrinth is
incredible, thanks to the efforts of a now-deceased Virtual
Adept barabbi of the Labyrinth.

The mages have enough Quintessence to support their
Realm, but frequently raid other Nodes to acquire more,
often subsequently laying waste to the Node.

Stories

Menace is the theme of many adventures in Drachus
Vachor. Galarius prepares to breach the Horizon; consider-

ing the remote nature of the Labyrinth's earthly aspects, it
would be a while before sucha breach would be discovered.
The forbidding nature of the Realm's inhabitants personi-
fies the Nephandus threat.

The mood is one of alien strangeness. Visions of
Lovecraftian eeriness and half-remembered, feverish dreams
would not be out of place. Drachus Vachor should invoke
dark musings and foreboding terror. All things are distorted
in the dim twilight of the underwater Realm; even Nephandi
dread what lies just beyond their sight.

118 The Book of Chantries

Story Ideas for Drachus Vachor

1. The characters encounter the Watchers of the Void,
who simply call themselves the Watchers. The Watchers
show up to save the characters from defeat at the hands of
some enemy. They befriend the characters and, over the
course of five to 10 stories, begin to corrupt them. They try
tolead them into doing evil and surrendering themselves to
hubris. If the Watchers are succ
taken back to Drachus Vachor to meet their new master,
Galarius.

2. Joanne Myers seeks out the characte!
protection from Galarius and her old cabal. She claims they
are Nephandi, but has no real proof. When the
they claim she is insane. Will the characters give her up? If
not, the Nephandi will fight to keep her or at least kill her.

sful, the players may be

ind asks for

show up,

3. Mad dreams and ghastly visions of undersea terror
plague one of the players. Research reveals tales of an
undersea Realm bridged by a crumbling lighthouse. Is
Galarius sending these dreams to the characters deliber-
ately, or is this some warning that the fates of the players
and the Nephandi are intertwined?

4. The characters discover that over 100 Sleepers have
been kidnapped in the last few days. By following the trail
of clues, they find the Watchers' lighthouse. There, they
learn that the Sleepers were taken to Drachus Vachor itself.
Will they enter the Realm and save the Sleepers? Joanne
Myers will aid the characters and will even show them how
to use the Portal into the Realm.

5. Galarius gathers his souls and breaches the Horizon.
Terrible storms forecast the coming of the Nephandi, but
only a few mages are willing to listen. The Nephandi need
time to shore up the breach before an outright invasion can
begin. Can the players stop them in time?


The Household of the Jade Demon:
In the Maze of Ebon Gates

Francis of Assisi could never be this good,

I don't know if it's pain or pleasure that I seek,

My flesh was all too willing, my spirit guide was weak,

I was deadly certain his thoughts for me weren't kind,

A switchblade in his pocket, murder on his mind,

Relax, have a cigar, make yourself at home. Hell is full of
high court judges, failed saints. We've got cardinals, archbish-
ops, barristers, certified accountants, music critics, they've all
here. You're not alone, you're never alone, not here you're

not.

— Sting, "Saint Augustine in Hell"

WN In Chicago's Chinatown there is a being of
SACA, ereatpowerand unspeakable evil. Heiscalled
the Jade Demon by most, for his true name
remains a secret. This powerful mage once
served the Nephandi, but now he is a rogue.
He broke away from the Nephandi out of

nearer as his life draws to a close. The Jade
Demon's potions of longevity no longer work as they once
did, and no manner of magick slows his aging.

The Jade Demon must find immortality soon or else it
will be too late. In desperation, he has surrounded himself
with mages who are nearly as corrupt as he, hoping to learn
from them. He is more than willing to serve as a Mentor to
any new mages willing to accept the offer. He has learned
to feast on the souls of innocents, but Sleepers no longer
arrest his aging as they once did.

The Jade Demon,
Master of the Realm
Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Conniver

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Nephandi (Akashic Brotherhood barabbi)

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Abilities: (As younger self) Alertness 2, Athletics 5,
Awareness 5, Brawl 6, Cosmology 4, Culture 6, Dodge 5,
Enigmas 4, Etiquette 5, Expression (Persuasion) 4, Game
Playing 4, Intimidation 6, Intuition 4, Investigation 2, Law
(Nephandi Pacts) 5, Leadership 5, Linguistics 6, Medicine 3,
Meditation 6, Melee 5, Occult 6, Research 5, Stealth 5,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Allies 8, Arcane 6, Avatar 7, Destiny 7,
Dream 5, Influence 6, Library 20

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 5, Forces 4, Life 5,
Mind 4, Matter 3, Prime 4, Spirit 3, Time 2

Willpower: 10

Arete: 8

Quintessence: 12

Paradox: 8

Background: The Jade Demon, known to the vam-
pires of Chicago as "Lo Pan," is an ancient mage who once
served the Nephandi. He was originally a member of the
Akashic Brotherhood, but he gave up his place among his
Tradition when he sacrificed his own soul to save his
comrades' lives. For further details, see the Chantry's his-
tory section.


The Jade Demon is a cruel, ruthless, evil and very
frightened man. He wishes to free himself of his pacts with
the Nephandi, but he knows this will be very difficult. He
has managed to create his own Realm and hide from his old
masters, but he knows they will never stop looking for him.
He has gathered around him a number of rogue mages to
serve as his well-rewarded minions. Though they will
protect him while he lives, he knows that when he dies, he
will return to the Nephandi, who will rend his soul and cast
him into the nine Chinese hells. For this reason, he now
seeks the secret of eternal life. His own longevity potions,
which have kept him alive for centuries, are no longer
strong enough to sustain him.

Aside from his quest for immortal life, the Jade Demon
also controls Chicago's Chinatown through his fighting
tong, the Wing Kong. The mage's influence over organized
crime even reaches China and Hong Kong. He is allied to
several strange Oriental supernatural creatures. He collects
antique weapons and armor, and spends a great deal of time
playing chess and Go.

Image: The Jade Demon has two basic forms. On
Earth, he is a feeble, nearly bald Chinese man who looks at
least 100. In his Horizon Realm, he resembles a Chinese
mandarin in the prime of life. Sometimes he grows his
fingernails to extreme lengths, while at other times he does
not. He has shiny, jet-black hair worn long down the back.
On Earth, he dresses in a plain white robe, while in his own
Realm, he wears emerald and crimson robes of purest silk.
He also wears gold jewelry, and his robes are often trimmed
in gold. As an old man he carries a wooden staff to hobble
about, but in his Realm he seldom carries anything re-
motely resembling a weapon, preferring to use his sorcery.
Still, he has an ancient, jewel-encrusted Talisman kris,
which he will use if there is need.

Roleplaying Notes: On Earth, the Jade Demon ap-
pears to be a confident, humble and generous man. In fact,
he has provided massive amounts of money to charities,
hoping it will aid him in cleansing his soul. He is feeble in
body, but not in mind. He is wise and good-natured, with
awry sense of humor. Those who are around him may sense
great power and even evil, but it will be hard to pinpoint the
source. In his Horizon Realm, the Jade Demon is far more
energetic and virile, putting his younger form to good use.

Sanctum: The Jade Demon has large, plush sanctum
within an old building in Chinatown, but he spends most
of his time in his Horizon Realm. His sanctum in the Realm
is his palace, though his "Inner Sanctum" is one particular
floor of the palace. This floor is decorated in an ancient
Chinese style.

Cabals

There are two cabals in the service of the Jade Demon.
Both share the same interests and work together in their
master's service.

120 The Book of Chantries

The Jade Demon's Brood

Members: David Warita (Akashic Brotherhood
barabbi), Wesley Mercer (Virtual Adept barabbi), Robert
Lo Chu (Cult of Ecstacy barabbi), Martin Roelig
(Euthanatos), Kim Vachon (Euthanatos)

Background: The Jade Demon's Brood was assembled
over the last 10 years. The mages were individual rogues
who were seduced by the promises of wealth and power.
Now they are trapped, barabbi. The Jade Demon has gath-
ered a lock of hair, a drop of blood, anda fingernail clipping
from each of them, and has cast a ritual over the pieces.
Now, should a mage refuse to serve him, he has the power
to snuff out her life with a thought, regardless of the
distance between Jade Demon and traitor. He has demon-
strated this power on one of the former mages of the cabal
to prove he is not merely threatening.

What is not known is that the two Euthanatos mages
joined the cabal not because they were entrapped, but
because they needed to get close to the Jade Demon in order
to kill him. The two mages intend to do so as soonas he lets
his guard down. Until then they will serve him faithfully in
order to prove their loyalty to him.

Kim Vachon

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Euthanatos

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5, Perception 5,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Awareness 2, Brawl 5,
Computer 1, Culture 2, Dodge 5, Drive 2, Enigmas 3,
Etiquette 4, Expression (Dance) 5, Firearms 3, Intimida-


tion 3, Intuition 3, Investigation 5, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2,
Meditation 3, Melee 5, Occult 5, Research 3, Security 5,
Stealth 5, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 3, Avatar 4, Destiny 4,
Influence 1, Library 3

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 5, Forces 3, Life 4,
Mind 4, Matter 2, Prime 2

Willpower: 10

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 16

Paradox: 4

Background: Kim Vachon is a former ballerina. She

was abducted by a Euthanatos mage who was enraptured by

her beauty. He took her as his apprentice just to have her
near him. To his surprise, she proved to be a capable
student. She has been a Euthanatos mage for almost 125

years and has made a number of important kills.

She was selected by her superiors to infiltrate the Jade
Demon's Brood. She is to learn as many of his secrets as

possible and then give him the Good Death. To gain the
Demon's trust, Vachon posed as a rogue for two years. She
was contacted by the Jade Demon to perform some assassi-
nation work. Afterward, he made hera permanent member
of his brood. She has

ince increased his trust for her by
saving the lives of three of his other minions and by giving
him information concerning a rival Euthanatos Chantry,
thusallowing him to destroy itand acquire its tomes, secrets
and treasures.
Vachon's personal interests include continuous study
of various forms of dance. She has even managed to work
¢ training into her combat styles. She collects
rs and jewelry, which the Jade Demon gives
her in abundance.

her dan

expensiv

Image: Vachon is a beautiful, athletic Middle Eastern
woman who appears to be in her late 20s. She prefers to
dress in the latest fashions; black is, of course, her favorite
color. She has medium-length black' hair worn in many
different styl
time. She has bright green eyes with black flecks. She
speaks with an English accent, as she was born and raised
arp blade somewhere on

She also wears extensions from time to

in London. She carries a razor-s
her body at all times.

Roleplaying Notes: Vachon is greedy, fanatical, evil
and hedonistic. Still, compared to the Jade Demon she is an
angel. She is a determined and patient individual who will
let nothing and no one stand in her way. She is aloof to all
but her closest "friends" while undercover. She will kill
anyone who gets in her way, even her "friends." She can be
charming and seductive when necessary to get the job
done.

Sanctum: She maintains a nice loft near Chinatown,
though not in it. The apartment is filled with luxurious and
expensive decorations. She spends much of her time in the
Horizon Realm. Her sanctum there is much the same.

The Wing Kong Elite

Members: Mao Tu Tzin, Cho Quan, Lee Ho Wu (all
Orphans)

Background: This cabal was formed in the late 1800s.
The mages are actually the leaders of a Chinese fighting
tong called the Wing Kong. The tong members answer to
them, and they in turn answer to the Jade Demon. The
cabal is charged with protecting Chinatown. The Wing
Kong runs all the organized crime in Chinatown, but it
remains an invisible organization, known only to the lo-
cals.

The mages of the tong are considered Orphans, or,
worse yet, barabbi, by other members of the Traditions, as
they were trained by a Nephandus mage and his servants
rather than instructed in a "true" Tradition.

Mao Tu Tzin

Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Bravo
Essence: Dynamic
Tradition: Orphan barabbi

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, ae
risma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Awareness 2, Brawl 5,
Computer 1, Culture 3, Dodge 5, Drive 2, Enigmas 2,
Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Intimidation 5, Intuition 1, Law 3,
Leadership 4, Linguistics 5, Meditation 5, Melee 5, Occult 2,
Research 1, Security 4, Stealth 3, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 5, Avatar 5, Destiny 6,
Influence 4, Library 5, Mentor 5, Retainers 10

‘amina 5,

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 2, Forces 2, Life 2,
Mind 4, Matter 2, Prime 2, Time 2
Willpower: 8


Arete: 6

Quintessence: 13

Paradox: 7

Background: Mao Tu Tzin was born intoa large family
of poor immigrants. He lived a hard life on the streets of
Chicago. By the time he was nine, the name "Jade Demon"
was known and feared throughout Chinatown. Still, Mao
Tu Tzin's nine siblings were hungry, and the boy believed
that if he could break into the Jade Demon's home, he
could find enough wealth to feed his family for at least a
year. So he broke in. He was seized by one of the guards, but
he managed to wound the guard horribly with a knife. The
Jade Demon, knowing potential when he saw it, had his
most skilled servant take him as his apprentice instead of
killing him.

Mao learned the arts of magick and has since served
the Jade Demon faithfully. While he does not like doing
evil, he knows his debt must be paid. His family has
remained well provided for since he took up his apprentice-
ship, though they now refuse to acknowledge his existence.
They have spurned his assistance, but he still manages to
provide for them through "luck" without their knowledge.

Mao is now the leader of the Wing Kong Tong, which
serves the Jade Demon. He oversees all the organized crime
in Chinatown and handles many of the Wing Kong's
activities outside of Chinatown as well.

Image: Tu Tzin is a Chinese-American of sturdy build.
He has short, black hair and black eyes. He has a well-
defined musculature and typically dresses in an expensive
suit. He is apparently in his late 20s. He usually carries at
least one concealed pistol and one concealed martial-arts
weapon on his body while out and about.

Roleplaying Notes: Mao isa man with a tortured soul.
He wishes for the respect of his family, but he has aban-
doned it to serve another master. He is an honorable man,
but his duties have made him hard and ruthless. He has
killed many times and has no remorse about so doing. He is
slightly arrogant, but he will protect the people of Chinatown
from all threats. If approached in a proper, businesslike
manner, he is an extremely civil and proper man.

Sanctum: He maintains a large penthouse suite all to
himself. He keeps a number of personal guards, but even
they do not have access to his private sanctum. His place is
decorated in a modern fashion, though it incorporates old
Chinese styles.

Node of the Household
of the Jade Demon

The Hidden Chinatown: Within Chicago's Chinatown
are certain alleyways, which lead to secret rooms, which in
turn lead to hidden tunnels, which in turn lead to a
complex maze of additional rooms and tunnels. This is the
secret half of Chinatown, known only to the Jade Demon

122 The Book of Chantries

and his minions. The inhabitants of Chinatown know of
the Jade Demon; they fear him and his tong of warrior-
thieves. Accordingly, they do not enter the areas marked
with the signs of the Wing Kong, for they know they willdie
if they are caught and will be cursed even if they are not.
Within the secret half of Chinatown are a number of
powerful ley lines. These lines are what drew the Jade
Demon to Chicago. He established Chinatown and built
his secret rooms and tunnels right into it.

The Invisible Circle: At the heart of the Demon's
secret labyrinth is a room called the Invisible Circle. Here,
at the nexus of the ley lines, the Jade Demon harnesses the
Quintessence to support his Horizon Realm.

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept

The Maze of Ebon Gates is very small, but very difficult
to pass. It is basically a juxtaposition of a huge hedge maze
and an underground system of tunnels. Passage through the
maze is tricky, because the maze changes shape. A Percep-
tion + Intuition roll (difficulty 9) must be made each round
to stay on the right path. Twenty successes are required to
reach the Jade Demon's palace. If the player botches a roll,
the character must start over with no successes.

Environment

The surface of the Realm is a large maze of neatly
trimmed sticker bushes. They are always just taller than
individuals in the maze, so all attempts to get larger or to fly
over them only cause them to grow. The bushes are very
thick and cannot be walked through. They resist all at-
tempts to reshape them or open a path, and they are
immune to all known forms of attack. Basically, those who
are trapped in the maze must make their way through it.

Between the bushes are cobblestone paths, with only
asmall strip of black soil visible to either side. Gates carved
from ebony wood are scattered throughout the maze; each
gate alerts a particular creature to the presence of intruders.
Some of the gates lead to staircases, which in turn descend
into the lower levels of the Realm. The stairs are con-
structed from platinum and mother-of-pearl.

The lower levels are lit by sconces holding torches.
There are many rooms and tunnels throughout the under-
ground area, and monsters are scattered throughout.

Aside from the monsters, the Maze's only other inhab-
itantsare doves (in the hedge maze) and enormous Sumatran
rats (in the underground).

It is always midnight in the Realm, and the large,
golden-hued crescent moon does not move. There is always
a slight chill in the air, but there is neither rain nor any
other weather condition, and it is always a comfortable
temperature. However, in the past, when the Jade Demon
has suffered some personal wound or emotional injury, the
hedges have temporarily withered and died.

Denizens of the Realm

The Realm is filled with many horrible monsters. The
Storyteller should feel free to make the underground maze
as large as she wishes. It should be as tough as the maze
above, but far more treacherous. The Storyteller should
create monsters as needed, or pull them from other Story-
teller System games and supplements.

Other Details

Magickal Rating: Correspondence -3, Entropy +3,
Matter -2, Mind +2, Time -2

Labyrinth Description

The Palace of the Jade Demon: The Jade Demon's
Labyrinth sits at the very center of the Maze. It is a six-story
palace surrounded by 10-foot-thick, 30-foot-high walls of
purest jade.

The palace is composed primarily of jade, though it
also has an abundant amount of ebony wood, ivory and
silver (gold is not found anywhere in the Realm). The
palace is of early Chinese design. It is carpeted in the finest
Tugs, its windows have silk curtains, and its walls bear
murals of mythological scenes. The place is lit by magickal
torches that cast no heat and cannot ignite other objects.
The furniture is of ancient, royal design. Ancient Oriental
weapons adorn the walls, and all the other objects in the
place appear to be equally old.

The arcane library is located on the Jade Demon's
private floor at the top of the palace, while the mundane
library is located on the second floor. All the supplies are
stored in various rooms designed for that purpose. The
entire third floor is the Jade Demon's pleasure room; his
prisoners are kept here to entertain him and those he
wishes to reward.

The palace is equipped with a number of traps in
various places; these can kill intruders, but do not inconve-
nience the Jade Demon or his servants. The basement of
the palace attaches to the labyrinthine tunnel system
below the maze; prisoners are usually kept here in cells.

The Bamboo House Chinese Restaurant: The Wing
Kong conducts some of its business at this restaurant.
Citizens who wish to contact the tong may do so at the
restaurant. In the back of the restaurant is an apartment
complex, wherein live all of the Jade Demon's servants.
Most of the servants also have their own private apartments
elsewhere.

Purpose

The Labyrinth's sole purpose is to serve the Jade
Demon. Currently, this means helping him find a way of
gaining immortality. The Brood spends much of its time
investigating possible leads and defending the Master from
servants of the Nephandi. Its members also take part in the


Ascension War as rogues. The Wing Kong serve their
master primarily as defenders and controllers of Chinatown.

History

The history of the Chantry revolves around the history
of the Jade Dragon. The Jade Dragon was once a respected
member of the Akashic Brotherhood. Indeed, his honor
was outstanding, and he was loved by many for his kindness
and generosity. He fought valiantly against the old enemies
of the Tradition, long before the Technocracy was founded.

Unfortunately, the Jade Dragon's fort was attacked by
Mongols, and the mages were no match for their foes. They
were taken off guard by the Mongol warriors, who had the
aid of many strange and magickal creatures. The Jade
Dragon realized that all his family and friends would be
slain if he did not take drastic action. Still, his own
magickal powers were no match for those of the Mongol
necromancers. Realizing the cost, but also realizing it was
the only possible way to defeat the enemy, he called upon
the powers of Darkness. These powerful beings knew him
well, for he had defeated their minions many times. They
were more than willing to grant the mage what he asked.
The attackers were decimated by a plague, which they later
brought with them to the West.

The Jade Dragon continued to fight for his Chantry.
However, realizing the powers these Dark Lords had to
offer, he began calling upon them more and more. Over

124 The Book of Chantries

time, he became the most powerful mage in the Chantry.
With his help, many innocents allied to the Chantry
survived all manner of threats, both natural and supernatu-
ral — but there was a price. Eventually, the Jade Dragon
lost his soul to the Dark Lords, and from that point on, he
began to care less and less for others as the evil built in his
heart. Finally, the powers of Darkness came for his Chantry
and destroyed it before his eyes. The Jade Dragon did
nothing to stop them. He then changed his name to the
Jade Demon.

He wandered for centuries, serving his masters as they
bade him. Then, in 1900, the year of the Boxer Revolution,
the Jade Demon fell in love. The Dark Lords, however,
would have no such weaknesses from their servant. They
destroyed the woman just as they destroyed his Chantry.
This time the Jade Demon did not just accept it. The hate
grew in him until he could no longer stand it. He gathered

his own servants and concocted a plan of trickery. Through
devious maneuvering, he turned his masters upon one
another and personally attacked the survivors. The Jade
Demon's plan worked well, but he did not reckon with the
power of the surviving Nephandi. He lost all his own
servants and much of his Infernal power, but he succeeded
in breaking his pact with the Dark Lords.

The Jade Demon fled to Chicago, where he found a
powerful series of ley lines. It was he who built Chinatown,
and he still controls it today. Once Chinatown began to
thrive, the Demon summoned to America those few mem-


bers of the Wing Kong who had survived his war with the
Nephandi. He began rebuilding the Wing Kong and has

ome the ruler of Chinatown. Now he fears death,
which is why he has expanded his minions to include a new
cabal.

since be

Labyrinth Inhabitants

The Palace of the Jade Dragon holds an adequate
number of household servants and a large harem of concu-
bines. The mage gathers beautiful women from all over the
world and imprisons them in his palace.

The consors of the Jade Dragon include: Pan Lung, a
dragon and guardian of hidden places; Krag the Bakemono,
a squat, deformed little humanoid who loves to play mean
tricks on others; Yul Yi the Tigbanua, a flesh-eating crea-
ture with strange magicks; Tri Ja the Lu Nat, an Umbrood
who can control lesser spirits and consume them; and
Tashimoto the Oni, a nasty and powerful giant who can
take the form of a dove or a man,

Internal Structure and
Relations

The Chantry is totally dominated by the Jade Demon.
Those who serve him are richly rewarded; those who
oppose him are destroyed most horribly. There is no cov-

enant; the mages must simply dos their master commands.

Should they fail without having a good reason for doing so,
they are severely punished.

External Relations

The Jade Dragon tries to remain hidden, but he hopes
that his Brood will be accepted by mages of other Chantries.
To help instill trust, he has instructed his Brood to assist
other Tradition mages whenever possible so long as it does
not conflict with their service to him.

Status and Reputation

The Labyrinth's true nature is unknown, but the mages
of the Brood are considered by many to be valuable allies,
because they are willing to assist anyone acting against the
Technocracy without asking for anything in return.

Status: 0

Reputation: 3 (offers assistance without expecting
anything in return)

Policy Regarding Outsiders

While the Jade Dragon is always looking for young

mages to join his Brood, he is very careful. Many mages still

know who and what he is. He fears that some among the
Akashic Brotherhood seek his death (he's right). He will
use rogues whenever necessary, and if they prove especially

capable, he will attempt to lure them into his cabal. He has


even begun trying to find some Technomancers and Ma-
rauders who would serve him.

Allies and Enemies

Among the Jade Demon's allies are: the Hellpissers, a
pack of Black Spirals; the Star Children, a nomadic Sabbat
pack; a powerful Tremere vampire of Chicago;an Umbrood
Preceptor called the Scaryman; and a gang of fomori not in
the service of Pentex.

His enemies include: the four Nephandi Lords he
betrayed and a cabal of their servants; Hadcak, the Master
of Dogs, an Umbrood Preceptor; and Vider, a highly intel-
ligent metamorphic elemental.

Research Capacities

The Jade Demon has a love for learning, and he is
willing to share his vast resources and knowledge with his
minions so long as it does not pose a threat. After all, he
wants his servants to be as capable as possible. He spends
much of his own time in his Realm studying his books and
practicing his arts.

The library in the palace is phenomenal. All the works
concern the magicks of the Akashic Brotherhood and the
Nephandi. The Demon is willing to loan the books to his
minions. He also has a large mundane library in the palace
for his own enjoyment.

The Labyrinth has computers and a Virtual Adept
barabbi. In addition, it has several magickal Talismans
allowing him to spy upon any being, so long as he holds a
piece (fingernail clipping, hair, sweat, etc.) from the being
to be viewed. His spy ring extends to Doissetep, Null-B,
MECHA, and four other Chantries and Constructs. The
Jade Demon also has a number of contacts who are closely
tied to the Syndicate, Iteration X and Pentex.

All the Quintessence the Jade Demon controls comes
from the Node in Chinatown. Even though this Node is
very powerful, it takes a great deal of Quintessence to feed
the many magickal creatures that live in his Realm. What
little is left is issued out to his minions, in some form of Tass,
as rewards for their service.

Stories

Madness is the theme of Jade Demon stories. As the
sorcerer's age catches up with him, his mind spiral into the
abyss, drawing his Realm and subjects with him.

The labyrinthine nature of his madness reflects itself
in the ever-growing Maze of the Ebon Gates, with its thorn
bushes that tear at the unwary. The mood here follows this
torturous path: boxes within boxes, each road leading toa
different destination.

Story Ideas for the Household
of the Jade Demon

1. A mage seeks to employ the characters to perform
certain services. The mage secretly works for the Jade
Demon; the "employment" offer is simply a test of the
characters' capabilities. The mission is a simple one: find a
particular Nephandus mage, capture her, and bring her
back alive to a particular location in Chinatown. The
Nephandus mage is powerful and will fight to the death
rather than be captured by agents of the Jade Demon, who
she knows sent the characters. Should the characters suc-
ceed, they will be rewarded with Talismans that also serve
as scrying devices allowing the Jade Demon to keep an eye
on the characters. The Jade Demon might eventually offer
the characters membership in one of his cabals, or might
even serve as a Mentor.

2. A young vampire approaches the characters, claim-
ing that some mysterious party is picking off anarchs in
Chicago, including the vampire's sire. This party obviously
has access to some kind of magic, and powerful magic at
that. From the vampire's description of the forces at work,
the players realize that a mage stalks the city's Kindred. If

the players know anything at all about vampire society,
they may wonder why the vampires are not taking care of
things themselves, and might wish to fill that void. One or
two vampire allies might not be bad friends to have.

3. The characters accidentally come into conflict with
the Wing Kong when their interests cross. Perhaps the
characters must recover some valuable Talisman from
Chinatown. The characters will have to face not only the
Wing Kong, but the Jade Demon's Brood.

4. The Jade Demon kidnaps the significant other of
one of the characters, or even one of the players. The
characters will have to roam through Chinatown and
discover the Portal into the Jade Demon's Realm. Once
inside, they will have to solve his maze, fight his monsters,
and rescue their loved one from the palace.

5. Strange goings-on in Chinatown attract the players'
attention. The Nephandi have come to claim the Jade
Demon, and he does not go peacefully. This drawn-out
wizard war rages through the mortal aspects of the Realm,
harming many innocent people and attracting police, rival
tongs, vampires or worse. Will the players join the fight? If
so, whose side will they join?

Chapter Three: Nephandi Labyrinths 127



Chapter Four:

hantry
Creation

antry

alphabet.
— Japanese proverb

Depending on the chronicle, the players and
Storyteller may wish to design a Chantry
from scratch. This chapter details the many
steps and choices involved in so doing.
With the Storyteller's blessing, players might
be allowed to help create their characters'
own Chantry. The Chantries in this book
provide good springboards for your own ideas.
An optional point-based creation system is
included in Appendix Two, but is intended more as a
guideline than as absolute fiat. Creation sheets are pro-
vided at the back of the book for record-keeping, but
Storytellers should not feel compelled to record every-
thing. Do whatever works best for you.

The Creation Process

Developing a mental picture of the Chantry is an
important first step. How this is done is left up to the
Storyteller and players. If the Chantry is to be established

Jl

If you wish to learn the highest truths, begin with the

by PCs, players might be asked to list what they would like
to see as part of their Chantry. The lists can then be
collected and read by the Storyteller, allowing items com-
mon to more than one list to be brought into the game and
given greater importance. In any event, incorporate
everyone's input into the final product. Reality is mal-
leable on the Horizon Realms, so have fun!

Questions of Direction

The players and Storyteller should decide as a group
what the basic concept for the Chantry will be. Answering
the following questions might help narrow the focus.

1. What type of Chantry is it? What is its purpose?
How powerful is it?

2. What does it look like on Earth? In its own Realm
(if applicable)?

3. How many Nodes does the Chantry control? What
are these Nodes like? How powerful are they?

4. Does the Chantry control a Horizon Realm? What
is this Realm like? Who or what lives there?

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 129


Step One: Conceptualization

What is it? Who built it? Why? List important
details and areas of interest. Develop a basic foun-
dation for the Chantry.

Step Two: Cabals

Who uses it? Establish goals, motivations,
purposes and methods for player and NPC cabals. If
using the optional creation rules, determine the
number of Creation Points available.

Step Three: Nodes

What are the Chantry's sources of power? De-
termine the number of Nodes controlled and develop
basic concepts and details for each Node, including
appearance, location and guardians.

Step Four: Horizon Realm

Where is it? What is it like? Develop the
details, including: magick ratings, Realm size, envi-
ronment, ecosystem, special locations, weather,
methods of security, special defenses, flora, fauna,
and any intelligent denizens.

Step Five: Chantry

What are its capabilities? Develop a basic
concept, then work out details, including: its ap-
pearance on Earth and in the Realm, its outposts on
earth, its locations on Earth and in the Realm, its
Portals, internal layout, and its security/ defenses.
Draw maps if desired.

Step Six: Inhabitants

Who lives there? Develop basic concepts and
note information for later use.

Step Seven: Inner Workings of the Chantry

What are its politics and policies? Develop
some basic ideas concerning the Chantry's purpose,

goals, known history, covenant, form of leadership,

hierarchy of cabals, internal politics, and individual
rights and duties.

Step Eight: Research Capacities

What can you learn there? Outline the
Chantry's library, information system and laborato-
ries.

Step Nine: External Relations

How does it get along with others? Develop the
basic concepts concerning the Chantry's Status,
Reputation, and policies regarding outsiders of all
types (alliances, enemies, etc.).

Step Ten (Optional): Characteristics

Choose advantages and disadvantages for the
Chantry, Nodes and Realms. Advantages and dis-
advantages can be found in Appendix Two.

130. The Book of Chantries

5. How old is the Chantry? What is life like there?

6. How many cabals belong to the Chantry? Where
does the player characters' cabal fit in?

The Chantry archetypes at the beginning of Chapters
One and Two are good starting points. These templates
make Chantry creation much simpler and quicker. The
various characteristics outlined in Appendix Two offer
many suggestions for fine-tuning creation details.

Summation

Though this be madness, yet there is method in't

— Shakespeare, Hamlet

The rest of this chapter describes each of these steps in
more detail, focusing on each of the components of the
overall Chantry.

Advantages, disadvantages and details about the point-
based system of creation can be found in Appendix Two.
Happy building!

Part One:
Cabal Creation

We must strengthen, defend, preserve and comfort each
other. We must love one another. We must bear one another's
burdens. We must not look only on our things, but also on the
things of our brethren. We must rejoice together, mourn to-
gether, labor and suffer together.

—John Winthrop, Sermon to the Puritans

A good place to begin the actual process of

creating the Chantry is with the cabals. The
number and relative power of the cabals also
influence the number of Creation Points
available, if that option is used. In most cases,
the power of a Chantry rests in the number
and competence of its members. The cabals
are in many ways the Chantry itself.

Player Cabals

The player characters are assumed to be a cabal unto
themselves, though in some cases the Storyteller may place
NPCs in the cabal. The purpose of having a cabal is to give
the players a reason for their characters to join together —
acommon cause. This cause may well be simple survival.
The Gothic-Punk world is harsh, and the lot of aspiring
mages is a dangerous one. A cabal prelude is usually a good
way to set the stage for the chronicle as a whole.

A cabal prelude is similar in most ways to a character
prelude. Perhaps the Ecstasy Cultist saves two Sons of Ether
from an experiment gone haywire, or the Virtual Adept
stumbles across a plot against another player's Akashic
Brother. A dramatic prelude will hopefully keep the players
working together.


Either before or during the prelude, the cabal should
gain some place in mage society and thereby establish its
tights, duties and responsibilities to whatever Chantry it
joins. While all other aspects of the Chantry may be
purchased with Creation Points, the esteem and respect in
which the player characters are held cannot be. Unless the
characters found the Chantry themselves, any status therein
must be earned.

Storyteller Cabals

Chantries are seldom home to one cabal. Therefore, it
is necessary for the Storyteller to create the other cabals of
the Chantry, along with their members, positions, goals,
motivations and methods. These cabals are a necessary part
of the game, providing antagonists, friends, enemies, and
sources of conflict, information, training and assistance.
Fortunately, Storyteller cabals require less time and effort
to create than player cabals do.

The Storyteller should choose the goals, motivations
and methods of each cabal. Once this is done, the members
of the cabal should be created. Write down a few details
about each one and invent the restas needed. The relation-
ships of the cabal members should be determined toa small
degree, possibly even with one- or two-word descriptions of
how they feel about each other.

Mages are a paranoid lot. With fewer Awakened to
follow the path, both Tradition mages and Technomancers

‘
SSS
BEE WN SS

Se NS

tend to view other factions as backstabbing rivals. The
Storyteller should determine where the players stand in
their Chantrymates' eyes. Next, the rights and responsibili-
ties of each cabal may be developed, witha small background
by the Storyteller to unify everything. Does Master
Zaboglious have his eye on a player's heirloom Talisman?
Has the ruling council piled unfair duties on the player
cabal? If so, why?

Creation Points (Optional)

For simplicity, the number of cabals and their degree of
power determine the rough power level of the Chantry
itself. Each cabal (not including the player cabal) based in
the Chantry is worth anumber of Creation Points, basedon
how powerful the members of the cabal are. Add these
points together for the total points available. This total is
the basis for Chantry creation.

Taking disadvantages for the Chantry and its compo-
nents may add to the total points available for building. For
complete details, see Appendix Two.

Cabal Members are Apprentices: 10 Creation Points

Cabal Members are predominantly Disciples: 20
Creation Points

Cabal Members are predominantly Adepts: 30 Cre-
ation Points

Cabal Members are predominantly Masters: 50 Cre-
ation Points

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 131


Part Two:
Nodes, fhe Sources of Power

I will take the time that it will take

And you can come out

From behind your tree

There are no ghosts to haunt you here

In the sunlight you are free.

— Theories of the Old School, "Painting for a Song"

Nodes provide Quintessence, the lifeblood
of the Chantry and its Realm. The more
Quintess
Chantry. Nodes dictate most aspects of the

ence, the more powerful the

|| stronghold, from the size of the Horizon
Realm to the magickal defenses of the
Chantry.

Quintessence Supply
If the Chantry is built using the Creation Point rules,

assume that the Chantry requires its total cost in Quintes-

pence per dark ccping ack okthsisprobablycnnecessary
This Quintes-
sence may come from one single Node or from several

unless the Chantry belongs to the players

132 The Book of Chantries

smaller Nodes, though each Node must provide at least 10
Quintessence per day. Both options have good and bad
points; several Nodes supplying power require more upkeep
and vigilance, but offer a standby in case one Node is
drained or taken over. A single Node i
but vulnerable to attack.

asy to take care of,

Securing an open Node can be tricky; other supernatu-
ral beings (usually werewolves) jealously guard the magick
wellsprings. Even after the Node is under control, tapping
the power is still difficult. Nodes must be Awakened, like
aSleeper's Avata

A botch can mean disaster in the form

of a flood of uncontrollable energy. Even Nodes that were
already in use often require re-Awakening after the previ-
ous owners close shop.


Occasionally, mages will find some spot rich in un-
tapped magickal potential. Finding a suitable Node spot
requires a trip into the Near Umbra to find a place where
the Tapestry pattern is "loose" enough to draw and channel
Quintessence. Creatinga Node here requires vulgar magick,
great skill, and several strong-willed mages. A mistake
while tapping a new Node might start a chain reaction,
invoke Paradox, or rip Quintessence directly from the
mages' Life Patterns. Opening a new Node should be
difficult and dangerous.

Tapping a New Node

Each mage faction has a particular method of opening
Nodes. A Dreamspeaker might beseech friendly spirits to
grant her a gateway. A group of Euthanatos may conduct
some grisly deed in a magickal place, causing the very fabric
to unravel in horror. An Akashic Brother might sit in a
certain spot and meditate for days on end until his harmony
with the place causes the ley lines to part of their own
accord. A Virtual Adept might craft a complicated math-
ematical formula proving that the nature of the place is not
what it seems.

All types of mages agree, however, that the opening of
anew Portal of Prime is a serious venture, one preferably
undertaken by a whole cabal rather than a single powerful
Master. The energies of reality do not submit lightly to the
forces of humanity. Assuming that a good place is even
found, such a task requires at least Rank Three in each of
the Spheres of Prime and Matter. In game terms, opening
a fresh Node requires a large number of successes in an
extended action (p. 88 in the Mage rulebook). Teamwork
is a real help (see p. 89), and Willpower may be spent for
automatic successes. Spending Quintessence is no help,
however, as this pits force against force. The object of
Node-tapping is to pull preexisting energies to the surface.
A sample rote for this process is given at the end of this
chapter.

The difficulty of tapping a Node should range from 8
to 10, and 20 or more successes are generally necessary to

Node Areas

A Node may be divided into three basic areas. The
first is the aperture or focus, the very center of the Node,
where the Quintessence and/or Tass collects. The sec-
ond is the immediate area around the aperture, often
called the lot or the plat. The guardian, if there is one,
usually stays here. The third is the area outside the lot,
called the estate, the dominion or the bawn. Any
outpost at the Node site is usually located outside the
lot, to avoid interfering with the Quintessence yield.
Raiders and "owners" must actually gather the Prime
energy from the aperture. It is rumored, however, that
certain professional raiders know rotes allowing them
tocollect Quintessence by tapping into the ley line just
outside the lot, reducing their risk of capture.

Node Ideas

Quintessence, being both the building block and
byproduct of life, often gathers in areas where raw life
force is expended: battlefields, cities, traditional festi-
val grounds, sites of great joy, sadness, passion or ecstasy.
Bear this in mind when creating ley line site-— one can
almost imagine these lines as veins through which the
lifeblood of humanity pulses and flows. Nodes are
formed in places of power; such sites need not be lost
ruins or wildernesses. A coliseum or graveyard could be
just as potent as a mist-shrouded glen. Let your imagi-
nation go!

evoke the Node. A botch during any point of the operation
unleashes catastrophe. If the mages botch their rolls during
the early phases of the process, before 10 successes have
been scored, they merely lose two Health Levels and any
Willpower they may have spent. This damage is not aggra-
vated, but it cannot be soaked.

As forces are set in motion, however, the danger
increases. A botch after 20 successes unleashes a blast
similar to Paradox energies (see Mage, pgs. 244-245),
inflicting one Health Level of damage per five successes.
Thus, a botch after 25 successes inflicts five Health Levels
of damage! This damage is aggravated.

If the mages score the minimum number of successes,
and avoid becoming toast in the process, the Node will
yield Quintessence at a rate of 10 points per day. For each
success beyond the minimum, five more points of Quintes-
sence may be gained daily from the Node.

Total success is not without its perils. An opening
Node tends to emit psychic shockwaves that Technocracy
probes may discover, and often creates interesting "light
shows" of raw energy. The rote Awaken the Sleeping
Earth, given at the end of this chapter, offers a system for
Node Awakening, but the Storyteller must make the event
come alive.

Dedicated Nodes

Some Nodes are "dedicated," created with some spe-
cial purpose in mind. Ley lines suitable for placing a Node
often have particular Patterns woven into them, giving
them an innate "leaning" toward a particular emotion or
cause. Nodes created to take advantage of this effect may
supply more Quintessence to a sympathetic endeavor. A
Node on an ancient battlefield, for instance, might fuel
feelings of discord or violence.

If a suitable place cannot be found, dedicated Nodes
may be created with suitable ritual magick, as mages attune
the ambient energy to their purpose by sheer force of will.
Such magick requires several mages working toward a
common goal, and an extended contest of Manipulation +
Expression, Culture, or possibly some other Ability. Dedi-
cating a Node to passion, for instance, might require some
sort of Tantric interaction, while dedicating a Node to

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 133


healing might require a ritual healing or peaceful songs.
The nature of the ceremony is dictated by the mages doing
the dedicating, and the skill used depends on the cer-
emony.

Some mages postulate that the life energies of Nodes
take one of three different forms; static, dynamic or en-
tropic. Static energies bind dynamic energies, shaping
them into some form. Dynamic energies cause constant
change and cannot be harnessed in any particular form for
very long. Entropic energies maintain the balance between
the two by catabolizing static patterns into new dynamic
forces. Some Dreamspeakers familiar with werewolf cos-
mology personify these energies as Weaver, Wyld and
Wyrm. These energies may be shaped to a particular pur-
pose by dedicating the Node to dynamic, static or entropic
forces.

Many Tradition mages see Ascension as a balance
between these forces; what constitutes "balance," however,
is open to debate. Some mages see dynamic energies as
good, static energies as stifling but necessary, and entropic
energies as evil because of the death and decay that they
embody. The Verbena and Euthanatos would disagree. In
any case, the function of a dedicated Node depends on the
nature of the forces invoked there.

Atthe Storyteller's option, dedicated Nodes may grant
some additional effects along with their purpose. Any
additional powers flowing from a dedicated Node should
not unbalance the game. In many cases, magick related to
the purpose of a dedicated Node becomes easier to create in
that spot.

Accessing a Node

Tass is easy to get; assuming a mage recognizes it for
what it is, she need simply pick it up and take it (getting to
it is seldomas easy...). Gaining pure Quintessence is much
harder. Normally, it takes a mage 24 hours of uninterrupted
meditation and four successes with a Perception + Medita-
tion roll (difficulty 7) to forma link toa Node, allowing her
to draw Quintessence from it. From that point on, the mage
may freely remove Quintessence at a rate of one point per
turn (though this is not required just to replenish an
Avatar). Channeling the energy to the Realm or Chantry
requires at least Rank Three in Prime. Anything less might
incinerate the foolish mage in a blast of pure Life energy!

Whenever a mage wishes to draw Quintessence froma
Node without establishing a link, she is considered to be
"raiding" the Node. This is a common practice among
mages, who often raid Garou caerns, faerie mounds, and
their rivals' own Quintessence wells for personal power.
The Hand of the Siphoner rote, given at the end of this
chapter, is commonly used when raiding.

Quintessence and the Chantry

To empower a Chantry with Quintessence, Nodes are
usually linked to the Chantry (or its earthly manifestation)

134 The Book of Chantries

through natural or artificial ley lines. The linked Quintes-
sence automatically flows into the Chantry. If the Node is
far away from the Chantry, the Quintessence is simply
collected and brought back to the Chantry.

In the old days, Chantries and Portals into Horizon
Realms were built directly onto existing Nodes. Unfortu-
nately, Sleeper expansion and the Pogrom have turned the
concept into virtual suicide. New means of Quintessence
siphoning have become necessary.

Ley lines are the easiest and safest ways to maintain the
supply of power. Once a mage creates a ley line, destroying
it is difficult. Creating the line requires a rote like Leying
of the Line, given at the end of the chapter.

When ley lines cannot be created, the Chantry usually
sends a group to collect the Quintessence from the Node.
Some Traditions, and all Technomancer Conventions, use
some sort of "Quintessence battery," a Talisman whose
only purpose is to gather Quintessence. Such Talismans
take many forms, from a specially prepared skull to an
actual battery. These battery Talismans remain at the
Node, collecting Quintessence; the "battery" is simply
replaced with an "empty" one each trip. Often these Quin-
tessence batteries are stored as reserve Quintessence in case
of need.

A Talisman battery may hold up to 25 Quintessence
points for each dot in Talisman. Thus, a battery considered
afour-dot Talisman could hold 100 points of Quintessence.
Such Talismans might be usable by PCs (Storyteller's
discretion), but should require at least Rank Three in Prime
to access. The portability of the battery will, of course,
depend on the Talisman's form. Lugging around a 40-
pound crystal might not be in a mage's best interests...

The Gauntlet and the Shallowing
Effect

Feel what might be. See what I see. Again and again and
again and again say you don't. You say you don't, but you will.

How can you be so near and not see?

— Natalie Merchant, "If You Intend"

Nodes are places where the walls between the spirit
world and the Earth are at their weakest. It is far easier to
enter the Umbra from a Node than from a common
location. The Gauntlet, the mystic barrier between worlds,
thins a bit at Nodes. Pages 214 - 215 in Mage describe
"stepping sideways" into the Umbra.

The Gauntlet represents the difficulty of walking be-
tween the worlds, and varies from place to place.

Insome rare cases, the Gauntlet may shift or ripple, an
effect called "shallowing." If the Node is linked to a Hori-
zon Realm, this shallowing can lead a visitor directly into
the Realm itself if conditions are right. The barrier between,
worlds becomes so nonexistent that the two bleed together,
making it possible simply to walk from one place to the
other.


Place
High-tech lab
Inner city

Difficulty

Most places
Rural countryside
Deep wilderness
Active Node
Powerful Node

NwWRUAIDO

Legendary Node

Shallowing is, to be blunt, a pain for everyone con-
cerned. Although shallowing allows mages easier access to
their Realms, it is indiscriminate. Beings from the Horizon
Realm occasionally blunder through shallowing breaches,
drawing the attention of Sleepers or the Technocracy.
Unwitting or unwanted visitors from Earth occasionally
wander into the Horizon Realm, causing terrible confusion
(and worse).

For those familiar with Ars Magica, shallowing is
similar in effect to regio. In areas where there is a shallowing
effect, two people could walk into a Node side by side, and
one could pass into the Horizon Realm while the other
remains on Earth. The two will be separated, even though

they were in practically the same place.

While entering a Horizon Realm through the
shallowing effect is not too difficult, finding the effect
usually requires special effort and knowledge of what to
look for. Many things can affect an individual's entrance
into such shallowings: knowing specific landmarks to pass
in a particular manner; a traveler's emotional state; knowl-
edge of the proper times, days and season to enter the
shallowing; previous travel through it; assistance or hin-
drance by spirits or others familiar with the shallowing;
special maps or Talismans; and the weather conditions.
Under certain proper conditions, a character does not have
to move physically in order to enter the shallowing; the
shallowing simply engulfs her.

The Storyteller should base the difficulty of entering
the shallowing on the current conditions. Favorable condi-
tions may render the difficulty as low as 3, while unfavorable
conditions may render access impossible. A character must
make a Perception + Enigmas roll (difficulty variable) to
find and enter a shallowing deliberately. Particularly devi-
ous Storytellers may allow characters to enter a shallowing
unknowingly, then have them make Perception + Enigmas
rolls just to recognize that they're not in Kansas anymore.

Entering a shallowing from the Horizon Realm re-

quires similar rolls. Some shallowings go only one way; the

exit shallowing may be in a different place from the en-

trance shallowing. Many exits in faerie-controlled Realms
are far more difficult to find than the entrances...


Nodes and Caerns

The function of werewolf caerns is in many
ways similar to that of Nodes, but there are differ-
ences. Werewolves, or Garou, consider their caerns
sacred ground, special links to the Earth Mother
herself. Many Dreamspeakers share this view.
Werewolves will vehemently oppose any magickal
attempt to access or control a caern unless the
mages have some powerful assistance to offer —
and sometimes even then.

There seems to be some substance to the
werewolves' claim. The beasts are often capable of
performing minor miracles at their caerns, and may
travel through them to other Nodes. No mage
Tradition, even Dreamspeakers, can duplicate this
feat, though many have tried. The secret of these
so-called "Moon Bridges" frustrates mages to no
end.

Garou seem able to create caerns nearly any-
where, using certain rites that allow them to access
Nodes even where there are no ley lines. The ley
lines actually come to them! Not even the Oracles
of Spirit are believed to be capable of such a feat.

Few, if any, caerns have Horizon Realms, al-
though some guardian spirits, called "totems," are
reputed to have their own Realms. These totems,
often personifications of animals or mythical crea-
tures, seem more akin to the Marauders than to
other mage-dealing spirits. Like Marauders, Garou
and their totems seem immune to Paradox. Some
speculate that the folklore elements of the werewolf
legends protect the creatures from the backlash of
consensual reality. This would also explain the
abilities of vampires. Sadly, no one knows for
certain why these other supernatural entities can
literally get away with murder.

The shallowing itself blends the characteristics of the
Horizon Realm with those of the Earth. The farther a
character moves into one or the other, the more like the
appropriate place the shallowing becomes. If a character
continues moving into that world, he eventually leaves the
shallowing behind.

Note that a shallowing effect does not link the Earth
to the Near Umbra, just to the Horizon Realms. Entering
the Near Umbra is performed normally.

Maintaining Nodes

Once a Chantry controls a Node, the mages must
guard it against all comers. Many mages "assign" supernatu-
ral creatures to protect the Node — sometimes by bribery
or good will, often by force. These guardians feed from the

136 The Book of Chantries

Node; the more powerful the guardian, the bigger the
appetite. Chantries try to balance the defense of the Node
against the cost of the defense. In the long run, guardians
could siphon more Quintessence than any thieves could.

Not all guardians are willing servants. A being bound
to acertain place or duty tends to resent it! Mages binding
spirits or other powerful beings should beware the enmity
of their captives (or other sympathetic beings). An angry
guardian might steal all the Node's Quintessence if it
breaks free, or might channel that power into magicks of its
own. These dangers aside, enslaving other creatures to do
one's dirty work is just plain low, even if it is traditional.
The Storyteller might assert her own feelings of justice in
such cases....

Some sample guardians may be found in Appendix
Two, along with their "upkeep" in Quintessence. The
Storyteller is encouraged to be as creative as she can when
inventing such beings.

The Sanitation of
Nodes

The Technomancers have found the old forms of
Quintessence gathering to be too unnatural and fantastical
for their version of reality. They no longer use Nodes in
their original form, instead masking them with science.

The Technocracy replaces traditional Nodes — stone
monuments, wooded glens, barrows, and the like — with
high-tech laboratories designed for geological surveying or
similar cover activity. The Quintessence runs directly into
these Node facilities. While the Nodes still rest atop ley
lines and the sites of ancient miracles, the Technocracy has
long since "disproved" such rubbish.

Technocracy Nodes are "sanitized" by the Qui La
Machine, strange floating mechanical devices resembling
ships. The Qui La Machinz cannot be seen in the material
world, but are visible on the Umbra. These Sanitizers, as
they are also called, clear away all physical manifestations
of Quintessence, returning all Tass to its original form.
Magic crystals and glowing mushrooms simply do not fit
into the world the Technomancers have created. The very
sight of Qui La Machine on the Umbral horizon has
incited panic among Tradition mages.

After clearing the site of all Tass, the Technocracy
moves in and establishes a factory, laboratory or similar
facility atop the site. Larger Nodes may serve as Chantry
manifestations on earth, while smaller ones are merely
outposts. Technocracy Nodes do not transfer Quintessence
to their Chantries by the old means of ley lines. Instead,
Prime force transfers from the Node facility to the Chantry
through a subspatial, trans-Umbral vortex. This method is
preferred because it is harder to raid. It is believed many of
the largest and most advanced Qui La Machinz can even
tap new Nodes with ease.


Part Three:
Establishing a Horizon Realm

There is another and a better world

— August von Kotzebue, The Stranger

Horizon Realms are in many ways the most
fascinating aspects of Chantries, limited only
by the Quintessence resources and the imagi-
nationsof the playersand Storyteller. Horizon
Realms often set the mood and atmosphere
of the game. Far future, dark fantasy, alien
horror, exotic paradise, or any other genre
may be brought into the game in the form of

a Horizon Realm, adding diversity and a
greater sense of wonder to the game.

The following sections outline the creation of Horizon
Realms, including the necessary rules and ideas on their use

in stories.

Creating a Horizon
Realm

Tam monarch of all I survey,

My right there is none to dispute

— William Cowper, Verses Supposed to Be Written by
Alexander Selkirk

Ho

Paradox is

zon Realms: the lands of magick! In these lands,
uspended, and reality follows whatever patterns

the founding mages desire. The Awakened love these
custom-built worlds, for they offer privacy, power and
refuge. Small wonder that Horizon Realms often assume
the characteristics of the mages who create and dwell in
them (see Resonance, below).

Forming a Realm is no easy task, even for Masters or
Oracles. Sculpting raw reality requires mighty magicks, and
failure has terrible consequences. Realms would not be so
magickal otherwise. The Storyteller would be well within
his rights to restrict Realm creation to NPCs. If players are
n Realms, refer to the Node-
tapping process detailed later

allowed to construct Hori

Such magick takes time, sometimes months or even
years. Lines must be laid and patterns woven to align
several Nodes with each other. The Realm, if successfully
created, occupies a mystical convergence point between
the Nodes, tucked in an invisible pocket of reality.

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 137


Quintessence

The biggest problem is often that of finding enough
Quintessence to support a Realm. A number of powerful
Nodes must be tapped and brought into line. Should the
mages control a large and stable source of Quintessence,
they canattempt to create the Realm. The mages must then
determine what form their Realm will take. The more
closely it conforms to the dominant static reality of the
Technocracy, the lower the Quintessence cost. The more
the Realm differs, the higher the cost. Even the
Technocracy's Realms differ from Earth, as the potency of
their techno-magick far exceeds earthly boundaries.

Mages must first link the Quintessence supply to a
specific point along the Horizon. A magickal conduit
system must be created to link the ley lines at the heart of
the Realm-to-be's location. This creation requires at least
Rank Four in each of the Prime, Spirit and Matter Spheres.
The process forms an aperture that releases the Quintes-
sence, thereby feeding the Realm.

Once the Quintessence flow has been established, the
mages may begin molding it to create the Realm. This
process requires great expertise in magick, precise plan-
ning, and patience. The process can take from a month to
a few centuries to complete. Some Realms are never really
completed; the Iteration X Machine Realm Autochthonia
is constantly under construction.

Pockets in Reality

Many Masters compare the creation ofa Realm to the
tearing of a new pocket in reality. The focused Quintes-
sence "highlights" a spot on the Horizon. Mages use this
power to tear a small pocket in the Tapestry, then quickly
reseal it after a Portal has been established. The nature of
reality within the pocket may then be shaped to the mages'
will.

There is no set method for the creation of the Realm;
it is best handled as a narrative, with only an occasional
roll. The Storyteller may require magick rolls to create
certain aspects of the Realm. Creation of new life, espe-
cially intelligent or unusual life, requires plenty of effort,
along with magick from all the Spheres.

Generally speaking, building the Realm should require
one month per factor of 10 Quintessence cost for the
Realm. This assumes the mages concentrate solely on the
creation of their Realm (see Appendix Two). This time
could be shortened if they have great assistance, or length-
ened if they are involved in other activities.

The magick ratings for the Realm set the parameters
for reality in the Realm. These rules are provided in Mage:
The Ascension, pages 180-181. See Appendix Two for the
cost of altering the Sphere ratings from those of Earth.

138 The Book of Chantries


Resonance

That which ye do, for good or bane,

Returns to ye threefold.

— The Threefold Law of Return

One interesting phenomenon of Realms is resonance;
over time, the temperament of both the Realm and the
mages in it begin to influence each other. The stronger the
personalities of the sorcerers (or the atmosphere of the
Realm), the bigger the influence of one on the other. Ifone
side is weaker than the other, the dominant force eventu-
ally alters the original nature of the weaker side. If both
sides are more or less equal, a resonance effect begins.

The longer this resonance continues, the greater the
effect. Physical characteristics of both Realm and inhabit-
ants may alter. Both mages and Realm eventually become
like funhouse mirrors that distort each other. This process
usually takes centuries to accomplish, but may happen
sooner when dealing with particularly strong energies.
Nodes dedicated to a certain kind of energy might also
trigger this effect.

Resonance is nota universal effect. Many Realms exist
for centuries without ever adopting the temperament of
their creators (or vice versa), while other Realms warp
themselves and their residents in only a few decades. More
spiritual mages see resonance as proof of the moral fabric of
reality, a karmic payback for tapping "good" or "bad"
energy. The jury is still out on resonance, and will probably
stay that way.

The Four Seasons

A theory arose during the Mythic Age concerning the
cyclical nature of Chantries, comparing the power and
general welfare of a Chantry to the four seasons of the year.
This "change of seasons" is an idea similar to resonance, but
one that reflects the state of any and all Chantries. Seasons
seem inevitable; sooner or later, the decline of Winter
descends upon even the greatest Chantries.

Life and death, night and day, the phases of the moon,
the food chain, the rise and fall of nations: all are cyclical
innature, so it follows that the same holds true for Chantries.

Spring

T have been ready at your hand

To grant whatever thou would' st crave;

T have waged both life and land

Your love and good will for to have.

— King Henry VIII, "Greensleeves"

When a Chantry is founded, it begins its existence in
the Spring, the first stage of the cycle. It is weak, vulner-
able, and must grow rapidly into Summer. If the Chantry
fails to do so, it will be crushed by its own inexperience and
inability, or by those who see it as a potential threat. The
Chantry will make many mistakes, but what it lacks in
wisdom, it counterbalances with vigor and enthusiasm. For

the most part, it remains unseen by other Chantries. Other
Chantries of similar allegiance usually see it as weak and
irresponsible, if they deign to notice the Chantry at all.
Enemies such as the Technocracy will usually destroy it.
Many Chantries never survive beyond this season.

Summer

Lucky Chantries survive to Summer. The Chantry is
still growing, but the growth has slowed tremendously. The
Chantry reaches its peak of power during this season,
growing strong and confident. As it becomes somewhat
stable, its vigor and enthusiasm decline ever so slightly,
while its experience and wisdom grow through past mis-
takes. The Chantry will most likely be very active, but it
will not get the full respect it deserves. It is often seen by
other Chantriesas too bold and dangerous. These Chantries
provide the fuel to fire the Ascension War.

Autumn

All too soon, the Chantry fades into Autumn. Growth
stops and there are thoughts of the Winter yet tocome. The
Chantry isstill strong and confident, but power slowly gives
way to safety and security. The Chantry has grown wise and
stable, and now wields tremendous political power. Re-
spect and status are gained as past achievements are finally
honored. Autumn lasts for as longas the Chantry can retain
its dwindling strength and activity — usually decades or
even centuries. Elders foist more and more of the dangerous
work upon the Chantry's younger members, and the Chantry
as a whole becomes stagnant and set in its ways. The
dynamism of youth is replaced with stasis.

Winter

I thought I'd found a reason to live

Just like before when I was a child

Only to find that dreams made of sand

Would just fall apart and slip through my hands.

— Dead Can Dance, "Spirit"

Finally, Winter sets in, and the Chantry nears its final
days. The strength, confidence, vigor and activity of days
gone by are rapidly replaced with weakness, hard-earned
wisdom, glorious memories, and inactivity. Those who
remember the past still respect the Chantry, but Spring,
Summer, and many of the Autumn Chantries look at these
Chantries as if they were useless and already history. Win-
ter is a terrible time, as the Hobgoblins of older mages
become strong and potentially lethal to the Chantry itself.
Winter may set in through a major disaster or through a
long, slow decline in fortune.

For some rare few, destruction is not the fate at hand.
Those Chantries blessed with younger mages may, through
these mages' leadership, enter Spring anew. Often, older
mages who can be encouraged to fight their Quiets rather
than accept them become involved in the effort to rebuild.
This often leads to a second Summer much stronger than
the first. The vitality of youth combined with the wisdom
of the ancients is a powerful force indeed.

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 139


Part Four: The Chantry Proper

We arrive at last at the Chantry itself:
imposing mass of rough-hewn granite; a
thatched hut, standing on chicken legs, with
an interior the size of a penthouse; or perhaps
a Victorian mansion festooned with filigree
and bric-a-brac. The Chantry house may
take many forms, and its members' interac-
tion can range from brotherhood to outright
hatred.

The Chantry house may be one house of any size, or
may be aseries of separate buildings grouped together. If the
Creation Point system is used, the size of the Chantry
proper will be bought with Creation Points. Otherwise,
simply give the buildings whatever size or shape you want
them to have.

an

As with the Realm, the construction of the Chantry
house(s) reflects the nature of the mages therein. Over
time, Chantry houses and Realms tend to assume the
characteristics of their residents, and vice versa. Long-time
occupation often sets up a psychic resonance between the
nature of the mages and the atmosphere of the Chantry and
Realm; a strong enough resonance might even change the
physical shape of the building itself! Any strong aspects of
the Node may also affect the residents. A cemetery Node
will "feed" a different sort of energy to a Realm than will a
sylvan glen. A mage aware of this effect can acquire hints

By Any Other Nam

The terms Chantry, Node and cabal all origi-
nate from the Order of Hermes; the terms they have
coined are now considered standard parlance. Each
Tradition, however, has its own terminology, al-
though many of these phrases pass away as Traditions
congregate. Even within each Tradition there are
often three or four words to describe the same thing.
Some alternate names for a Chantry:
Akashic Brotherhood - Monastery, Torii, or
Pagoda

Celestial Chorus - Chapel, Covenant, or
Sanctuary

Cult of Ecstasy - Pleasuredome

Dreamspeakers - Lodge

Euthanatos - Marabout

Hollow Ones - Hideout, Hole, Crashspace, or
Haunt

Sons of Ether - Laboratory

Verbena - Covenhouse, Circle, or Great Hall

Virtual Adepts - Epicenter, Fortress, or Net

140 The Book of Chantries

about her reception at a given Chantry long before she
actually meets the local cabals.

Earthly Aspects

Thy Kingdom come, thy will be done

On Earth as it is in Heaven.

— Matthew 6:10

Most Chantries with Horizon Realms will appear less
grandiose on Earth. The Chantry in the Realm is often a
truer representation of the Chantry than the material
aspects, which are usually disguised as mundane buildings.
Especially powerful Chantries, like Doissetep, may have a
number of earthly reflections, in different locations and
with different functions. Portals inside the "real-world"
buildings link them with houses in the Realms.

Chantry houses, Earth-bound or otherwise, must be
constructed from local materials. They do not spring fully
formed, like Athena, from the magicked ground, although
vulgar magick may speed construction a good deal. When
designing a new Chantry house, think about the materials
and methods used. Stone walls are solid, imposing, secure.
Rough-cut logs bespeak a primal connection to nature, a
simple way of doing things, or a frontier mentality. The
inner essence of the creators and the external circum-
stances of the construction will greatly influence the
materials used.

Security

Most Chantries have some sort of security system,
ranging from simple alarm wards or watchful servants to
powerful guardians and deadly traps. The Quintessence
drain of a standard alarm system is negligible, even nonex-
istent in the case of technological devices. An elaborate
gauntlet of magickal traps and wards, however, might
require five Quintessence or more per standard day. The
Storyteller should determine the nature, accuracy and
possible cost of such systems around the Chantry proper.

Populating the
Chantry

Treat your superior as a father, your equal as a brother, and
your inferior as a son.
— Persian proverb

As fewer and fewer Sleepers Awaken, the populations
of many ancient Chantries dwindle. In the Mythic Age,
most Chantries were full of mages, consors and apprentices.
Now, Acolytes, consors and servants make up the bulk of
Chantry populations. Political games between the various
members keep life from becoming too dull; Storytellers and


mages should remember that servants usually know more
than their masters about the ins and outs of local intrigue.
Each Chantry has its own unique internal demograph-
ics— mages, consors, allies, enemies and servants. Populate
your Chantries and Realms with people, not numbers. A
magickal stronghold is just words on paper without the
guiding spark of life that makes each chronicle unique.

Mages

Who are they? How many of them are there? What are
their wants, needs and ambitions? The Pogrom and the
insidious influence of the Technocracy's reality have weak-
ened the ranks of the Tradition:

ven the Technomancers

find it harder to recruit subjects with the necessary enlight-

enment to work true magick. Mages in the modern age are
in short supply. What are the mages in your new Chantry
like?

Consors and Acolytes

Consors work hand-in-hand with the mages. Although
they know the workings of magick and the truth of reality,
they are either unwilling or ui
. Acolytes
their friends, but may not grasp the whole picture. Consors

able to use magick them-

selv ally aware of the strange nature of

re us

often ally themselves with one particular mage rather than
with the Chantry

as a whole. Many live in the Realms of
their patron mages, and some are not even human. Aco-
Iytes usually stay behind on Earth, tending to the more
mundane needs of their allies. Who are these people (if
they are indeed human)? Why do they imperil themselves
in this way? What are they getting? What do they want,
need and desire? Most importantly, what do they know, and

how well can they keep it a secret?

Servants and Guardians

Many mages disregard the menial laborers around
their Realms, but these beings serve an important function.
It's far too easy to portray servants as faceless helping hands;
Storytellers must bear the wants, needs and personalities of
servants in mind when designing and running a Chantry.

The Virtual Adepts claim that a huge virtual
reality Realm called the Net exists outside the
mortal world but within the reach of their comput-
ers. In this sprawling Realm, they say, any sort of
computerized information can be easily accessed by
hackers skilled enough to take it. Rumors describe
the everchanging Net (or the "Web," as it is some-
times called) as a shadowy, neon world where
Virtual Adepts and Iteration X wage a covert war
amid Earth's databas
seem to exist within the Net, but the specter of

Paradox as such does not

"whiteout," or a massive systems crash, keeps

Technomancers walking on eggshells. The conse-
quences ofa large-scale whiteout are pretty chilling.

Virtual Adepts say that the Net was created by
one of their own, using a computer that literally
ripped itselfa place in the Tapestry. This computer,
according to legend, still sits somewhere, comput-
ingan endless loop of creation. Whatever its origin,
the Net is a playground for Virtual Adepts and a
nightmare for almost anyone else. This huge Realm
will be detailed in a future Mage book.

Guardians are especially easy to overlook, but doing so
can be dangerous for a Chantry mage. Why do the guard-
ians do what they do? Are they bound or otherwise
compelled? If so, how do they feel about that? If not, why
are they there?

On the average, Tradition Chantries have between
one and three Acolytes per mage and one consor per two
mages. Technocracy Constructs have from four to 10
Acolytes per mage and one consor per three mages.
Nephandi Labyrinths may have as few or as many second-
ary characters

s you want.

The Inner Workings of the Chantry

Brothers all

In honor, as in one community,

Scholars and gentlemen.

Most Chantries have heritages predat-
ing the mages who now call them home.
Newcomers must face many convoluted rules
and traditions, and indeed may establish oth-
ers as they stake their own claim in the
Chantry. Becoming familiar with the inner
workings of a Chantry, be it one's own or
someone else's, is vital.

— William Wordsworth, The Prelude

The Chantry's Purpose

Most Chantries were founded with some mission in
mind. The mission may have been simple or complex, and
there might have been more than one mission. Even if all
of the Chantry's original goals were accomplished long ago,
new goals have likely replaced the old. Over time, the
Chantry may explore directions its founders never in-

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 141


Forms of Leadership

Submit to the rule you laid down
— English proverb

Chantry leadership takes various forms. Each
Chantry tends to have its quirks and perks, making its
political structure unique. The following is a collec-
tion of the more common forms of leadership. There
are, of course, many other possibilities.

Panel of Deacons: This form of government is
most common among the Traditions and has been in
use for millennia. The Panel of Deacons is usually
composed of either the oldest and/or most powerful
cabal, or one representative from each of the cabals.
Each member of the Panel has one vote and all votes
are (usually) equal. Technocracy Conventions call
these groups Amalgam Primes.

Pedagogical Rulers: Under this form of govern-
ment, one mage serves as the head of the entire
Chantry. The oldest Chantries tend to have this form
of leadership. In some cases the mage is elected, while
in other cases she must prove herself, or even fight for
the position (this latter means of assuming rule is
particular common among Progenitor Constructs,
whose members espouse the Darwinian virtues of
"survival of the fittest"). In still others, the leader is
chosen by some special means. In most cases, the
eldest or most powerful mage rules the Chantry.
Titles of these leaders range from Chief Counselor to
Chieftain, Baron, Sultan, High Priest or nearly any-
thing else that commands respect. In many cases, this

tended. As new generations bring their own goals and ideas
into play, they bring a new shape to the stronghold.

The Chantry's purpose(s) should influence the stories
on occasion, guide the general direction of the chronicle to
some extent, and reiterate the fundamental importance of
the Chantry itself in the lives of its mages.

Chantry History

Feel the naked dust beneath my toes

While the future sun calls winds to blow

And the past and present black-eyed crow

Flies hunting high and circling low

Between dream mountains of our Eden.

— Jethro Tull, "Mountain Men"

The history of the Chantry may be developed in great
detail by the Storyteller or left vague for future develop-
ment. In most cases, the Chantry's members have an idea
of the place's history, though any such account will be rife
with errors and embellishments, and will contain none of

142 The Book of Chantries

tuler has dictatorial control over the entire Chantry;
in others, he is a mere figurehead. Some rulers have
advisors, others have cabinets, and yet others act
alone.

Within the Technocracy, pedagogical rulers are
called Administrators. These individuals are power-
ful mages who exercise complete control over their
Chantries. Regardless, these Administrators must
still answer to a high council for their actions.

Triumvirates: Most Technocracy Chantries
have Triumvirate rule. This is similar to a panel of
Deacons, except that three mages serve onan execu-
tive council. Members of these councils are in turn
chosen by other, higher councils.

Democracy: This is the most liberal form of
leadership, practiced in some of the newer Tradition
Chantries. Each mage has an equal vote in all matters
of importance. Meetings are held regularly and com-
mittees overseeing certain tasks are chosen from
among all the mages.

Anarchy: Chantries without defined methods
of leadership do exist. These are mostly Chantries
composed solely of Hollow Ones or Orphans. Such
Chantries know very little about mage society and
seldom write out covenants to govern themselves.
This often leads to unstable leadership, chaos and
lack of direction.

the best-kept secrets. The player characters should be
informed of the known history, but the secrets of the
Chantry should be revealed only through roleplaying. This
will add depth to the game, and realism and mystery to the
Chantry.

The Covenant

The term "covenant" derives from an old name for the
Chantry asa whole. When founding a Chantry, mages draft
a covenant, a body of laws serving as the Chantry's consti-
tution. This covenant outlines all the functions, rights,
duties and policies governing the Chantry and its members.
Most covenants favor the founders of the Chantry, because
they suffered the greatest risk. Newer members usually
begin at the bottom of a system of ranks, duties and
privileges, and work their way up from there. Unless they
founded their Chantry themselves, player characters must
earn their places of respect within the Chantry through
responsibility and service.

Most covenants include all duties relating to the
upkeep and protection of the Nodes, the Horizon Realm,

the Chantry and the inhabitants of all three. A typical
covenant also includes the details of the Chantry's govern-
ment, states the code of conduct for Chantry members, and
delineates the rules concerning punishments for disobedi-
ence. The covenant usually outlines the purpose of the
Chantry, provides for the rights and requirements of mem-
bers, and sets policies regarding new members. In most
cases, it also provides a procedure for the ratification of
later amendments.

Before joining a Chantry, most mages wisely ask to
read the covenant. Seldom, however, do they take the time
to read all the bylaws or ask about all the oral traditions,
which also carry great, if unofficial, weight.

Hierarchy and Politics
among the Cabals

You are the future. Ascension for all begins with the few
brave enough, strong enough, committed enough to the common
good to power the spin of the Great Wheel. We are the forgers
of the Path; Quintessence flows in our veins. Alll the Earth's
lifeblood streams from our deeds and the deeds of those who have
gone before. You are the future, and the future depends on
harmony between us all.

— Heasha Morningshade, Verbena Adept

Cooperation between Tradition members, and be-
tween the Tradition factions themselves, are admirable
goals, but goals that many mages fail to achieve. The lure
of power, pride in one's own abilities, the madness of Quiet
and fear of the Technocracy all drive wedges between
cabals. The strength of belief necessary to shape reality
lends itself all too easily to megalomania. Many mages treat
their Chantry and Realm as territorial refuges, defending
these places from all comers. Members must keep their ears
to the ground. Visitors to another's Chantry should be on
their best behavior.

Every cabal hasa place in the hierarchy of the Chantry.
This is usually based on seniority, but might in some cases
derive from personal accomplishment or power. Cabals
often find themselves competing with one another for
Quintessence, positions of leadership or influence, and
power.

Hubris

Kill thy physician, and the fee bestow

Upon the foul disease. Revoke thy gift,

Or, whilst I can vent clamour from my throat,

I'll tell thee thou doest evil

— William Shakespeare, King Lear

Hubris, the sin of blind pride, is the mage's greatest
enemy. The power to bend reality to one's own vision can
affect the minds of the Awakened far more seriously than
can Quiet. Hubris twists a mage's search for Ascension into
aquest for greater and greater might, a drive for raw power.

Sroee tee

ra

aera ats

ria tat

5 ie

BS ae

Sara al na

Bas ica

The Technocracy, the Nephandi and the Marauders illus-
trate hubris in action; mages who may once have had good
intentions now grind into dust anyone who dares oppose
them. When the pursuit of personal gain becomes a mage's
only real goal, that sorcerer has wandered from Ascension's
path and become a danger to everyone around him. Sadly,
hubris is a state of neither mind nor body, but of spirit.

Cabals' personal goals often collide. Because of this,
many Chantries are filled with intrigue, backstabbing and
treachery. Mages must be politicians as well as scholars;
even the most powerful mages must have the support of
others if they wish to claim and retain power. Plots among
Chantry members are not uncommon. Despite a front of
solidarity, mages often have as many enemies or rivals
within the Chantry walls as they do on the outside.

Internal conflicts should permeate the game. Such
conflicts add to the excitement of roleplaying and color
both player characters and Storyteller characters. All
Chantries are not alike; some are filled with devious and
disloyal mages, while others are relatively unified. The
degree to which politics and intrigue enter the game is
totally up to the Storyteller.

Duties and Rights

All members of a Chantry, the players' characters
included, have special duties to perform. Through faithful
service, mages gain specific rights. The following lists detail
some of the possible duties and responsibilities that charac-
ters may have.

Such duties may be temporary or permanent posts, or
might even serve as rewards or punishments.

Duties

Ambassadorship: Acting as a diplomat between the
Chantry and the outside world.

Collection: Collecting Quintessence, information,
materials or anything else that might be needed.

Investigation: Acting as police or spies in or outside of
the Chantry.

Magickal Labor: Study or creation of magickal sub-
jects for the good of the Chantry as a whole.

Maintenance: The feeding and caring of guardians,
special pets, plants, the Chantry buildings, etc.

Protection: Bodyguard, sentry duty, or permanent
watch for Nodes, Portals, special places, members or guests.

Training: Instructing apprentices, Acolytes, consors
or servants in any of a number of possible skills.

Rights
Access: To Chantry libraries, labs, servants, quarters
and such. Often restricted by rank or status.
Arbitration: The right to hearings, arbitration and
redress of possible grievances.

144 The Book of Chantries

Authority: The right to command other Chantry
members, servants, etc.

Privileges and Stipends: The right, often based on
merit, to receive financial/material perks or other special
favors from the Chantry.

Voting Rights and Office: The right to participate in
the leadership of the Chantry, either through contribution
or outright title.

Joining a Chantry

Wanna be a member? Wanna be a member?

— Bingo's Initiation (a Fleischer Bros. cartoon)

Membership in a Chantry is not a given, but an honor
to be earned. Chantries must guard themselves against
those who would betray or burden them. In many cases, a
mage who shows a desire to join her Mentor's Chantry must
still wait fora membership invitation, which might be years
in the offering.

Some multi-Tradition Chantries, and all Technoc-
racy Chantries, have taken to recruiting asa way of gathering
the best and brightest up-and-coming mages. A candidacy
offer, however, is hardly full membership. Recruits usually
face rigorous testing and background checks (especially
within the Technocracy).

Mages who do not yet belong to a Chantry often seek
out members of a particular Chantry in hopes of gaining
membership. Some strongholds, especially the older ones,
limit membership to certain types. This discrimination
might be based upon Tradition, age, sex, race, religion,
personal motivations or ability to wield magick. Other
Chantries limit the number of members they may have or
simply do not take members who belong to another organi-
zation.

The Candidate

Candidacy is a necessary first step toward membership.
During this period, the candidate is taught basic,
nonconfidential information concerning the Chantry.
Often, she is allowed to read sections of the Chantry's
covenant. One member, often called the Patron, instructs
the new recruit and informs her of the various challenges
she must face before being offered membership.

Becoming a member of a Chantry often requires test-
ing to see if the candidate for membership is worthy for
acceptance into the group. Membership is seldom be-
stowed without measuring the quality and sincerity of the
candidate. Tests vary greatly from Chantry to Chantry, and
reflect the philosophical nature of the group as a whole. A
cabal of Virtual Adepts might challenge an aspiring mem-
ber to a deadly series of video games played in virtual
reality, while Ecstasy Cultists might drag the neophyte
though an extended visionquest filled with sensual stimu-
lation.


An Optional Rule about
Status and Honor

If the Chantry is to be built on points, Status
costs three Creation Points per point of Status.
Reputation cannot be bought, being a function of
behavior rather than fame. You can pay a lot for
fame, but may still have your reputation dragged
through the mud anyway. C'est la vie.

In any case, the testing is steeped in tradition and
occult ornamentation, often involving strong oaths and a
series of contests against other members of the Chantry.
These tests pit the candidate's wit, loyalty and magickal
knowledge and prowess against longtime members. Future
mages are an investment for

the Chantry; everyone involved wants to be sure that
such investments serve the group well.

The tests also provide the candidate with some idea of
the qualities and philosophies embodied by the Chantry
she has chosen to join. A candidate may well decide after
the testing that she wants no part of the Chantry, even if its
members want her to join!

Initiation rituals are considered sacred; revealing the
Chantry's secrets to outsiders is considered a serious breach
of loyalty (orat least good taste!). Successful candidates are
welcomed into the Chantry with important rites, often
followed by heartfelt celebration. A new mage is another
brick in a wall against the outside world, another measure
of strength for the group against its foes.

Once an individual has joined, she must usually take
an oath of membership and abide by particular practices
and customs. These practices may involve adherence to a
certain code of conduct, or may require some sacrifice on
the part of the member. Dues are often required, in the form
of money, information, Quintessence or something else of
value. Membersare usually required to fulfill certain duties.
Participation and attendance in political functions are of
great importance, especially for younger members.

External
Relations

Chantries try to isolate themselves from the outside
world, but they never fully succeed. The Ascension War
touches every mage in some way. The allies, rivals, and
enemies of a Chantry affect it ina thousand ways. Below are
a few:

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 145


Status and Reputation

I am better than my reputation.

— Johann von Schiller, Maria Stuart

Status (as a Trait) reflects a Chantry's position of
respect within the Continuum. It represents the Chantry's
past accomplishments, destiny, legends, honor, power,
influence, and ability to do battle. While Status may do
little to help or hinder a Chantry, it reflects how individual
mages from a particular Chantry are to be treated and how
they are expected to behave.

Within the game, a Chantry may have a Status rating
between zero and five. When making a Social roll involv-
ing diplomacy or other official missions on behalf of the
Chantry, a mage may reduce the difficulty of the roll by one
per point of Status. The character is affected by the other
mages' Chantry Status in the same way, however.

Status

Unknown or disdained
Some know your name
Average Chantry

A degree of renown

RwWNHO

Fairly influential

5 A legend incarnate

Reputation functions ina similar way, but reputations
may be good or bad. Ratings in Reputation may add to or
subtract from Social roll difficulties. A Chantry may be well
respected as a mighty foe of the Technocracy, but despised
for greed and treachery. Status represents honor and ac-
complishment, while Reputation represents good and evil.
Status and Reputation can cancel each other out, and often
do.

Reputation ratings are the Storyteller's prerogative,
and should be based on how the actions of the mages at a
given Chantry contrast with a common morality. Do they
lie, harm, steal, kill? Do they remain true to promises and
honor treaties and agreements? Do they serve the common.
good or do they concentrate on acquiring power?

Reputation
Unimpeachable honor
Scrupulous and kind
Known for good deeds
About average, maybe a bit below
Avoided
Shunned
Good Reputations include: protective of the inno-
cent, unselfish, noble, Good Samaritans, honorable, etc.

Ornwanu

Bad Reputations include: deceitful, murderous, in-
sane, silly, etc.

146 The Book of Chantries

The Storyteller is encouraged to invent different Repu-
tations for each Chantry.

Outsiders

All Chantries have set policies, usually defined by
their covenants, concerning the treatment of outsiders.
Today there are far more Rogues, Errants and Orphans than
ever before. The Nephandi and Technocracy often use
these outcasts to infiltrate the Tradition Chantries. As a
result, many Chantries have been forced to deal harshly
with outsiders.

When creating a Chantry, keep in mind the attitude of
the mages who live there. A new Chantry formed by
survivors from decimated cabals will have a much more
tolerant attitude toward refugees than will an ancient
stronghold steeped in tradition. Then again, the newer
Chantry may be especially paranoid and thus attack strang-
ers on sight. The purpose and history of Chantry cabals
strongly influence that Chantry's hospitality.

The Traditions, even the harsher ones, often attempt
to deal with intruders in a nonlethal manner, at least at
first. Technocracy Constructs often do the same, although
their reasons are usually less altruistic; prisoners are often
new sources of Quintessence! All Technocracy Conven-
tions have devices for "refining" Prime force from living
beings.

A Chantry's behavior with visitors, even unwanted
ones, is often reflected in its Reputation score and outside
relations...

Allies and Enemies

It is important to define the Chantry's ties to other
Chantries and organizations. Allies will come and go over
the course of the chronicle as situations change. The reason
foran alliance may be as simple as mutual interests, but past
assistance, a centuries-old treaty, a history of brotherhood,
or common enemies are also good reasons for alliances.

Enemies are important as well. A person, and by
extension an institution, is defined by the company kept
and the enemies made. Although the Technocracy, Ma-
rauders and Nephandi

are the obvious foes of Tradition Chantries, intra-
Tradition feuds are all too common. Both Traditions and
Technocracy hamstring themselves with infighting; the
Traditions are particularly vulnerable because they lack a
central authority. Hubris, if nothing else, can make en-
emies out of potential allies.

Most Chantries have particular adversaries with whom
they have a history of animosity, whether because of past
conflict, some great embarrassment, an ancient feud, or
directly opposing goals and activities. The player charac-
ters need not be aware of the Chantry's enemies at the
beginning of the game; they will learn soon enough.

Rivals

Rivals are less dangerous than enemies, but can be far
more annoying. Many Chantries (and individual mages)
compete with one another, and mages are notoriously poor
losers. Rivalries differ from outright enmities in that rivals
will usually work toward a common goal under duress. In
relative safety, however, all bets are off. Rivals may under-
mine each other politically, recruit members away from
their rival's Chantry, or vie with each other for resources.
Many rivalries last for centuries; some are good-natured
and fun, while others are considered matters of honor.

The Storyteller should at least consider the Chantry's
possible alliances and conflicts during the creation process.
These relationships lay the foundation for endless chronicle
possibilities. Is the ambassador from a long-hated rival
sincere, or does he plan some sort of sabotage? That crea-
ture lurking around the Node looks suspiciously like a
servitor of a valued Chantry ally. Is that ally taking advan-
tage of our friendship?

Research
Capacities

Affect not as some do that bookish ambition to be stored
with books and have well-furnished libraries, yet keep their heads
empty of knowledge; to desire to have many books, and never to
use them, is like a child that will have a candle burning by him
all the while he is sleeping.

— Henry Peacham, The Complete Gentleman

Knowledge is power. No persons exemplify this truism
moreso than mages. Magick requires study and experimen-
tation, testing one's skills and exchanging knowledge gained.
Paradox, rivals and watchful Sleepers force mages to be
careful, to watch what they do and where. Chantries
therefore have libraries and laboratories of various types
appropriate to the cabals living there.

Libraries

Chantry libraries collect huge stores of information,
both arcane and mundane, for reference and research. Old
strongholds have rooms overflowing with books, charts and
papers, while more progressive Chantries keep massive
reference banks stored on computer drives. Whatever form
it takes, a Chantry's library is a precious resource, and the
Storyteller should decide its general extent and nature.

Stealing

Recorded knowledge, unfortunately, is fairly portable.
When the Technocracy destroys a Chantry, it consumes all
useful arcane information the vanquished site has to offer
and destroys the rest. Many mages, both Tradition and
Convention, steal important texts. Most Chantry libraries

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 147


bear magickal protections, but a determined mage can
often work his way around them. Really powerful Chantries
might have stronger protective measures guarding their
libraries, but protective wards might accidentally destroy
the books they're meant to guard.

Information Systems

While magickal lore is important, keeping up with the
enemies' activities is equally so. Chantries were once very
isolated entities, but the Ascension War forces them to stay
up to date. Most Chantries have information systems of
some sort, allowing them to gather information of all types.
Systems range from scrying devices to contacts to computer
systems. The Virtual Adepts have greatly improved many
Tradition Chantries' systems by hooking them into the
Net. Chantries often protect their information systems
through various magickal means, including special wards
and guardian spirits.

Storytellers should take time to decide what kind of
research capacity the new Chantry has, and what protec-
tions, if any, the resident cabals have installed.

Laboratories

The popular image of the bearded wizard who stands in his
circle reading an invocation from a great book stems from a
superstitious belief that the efficacy of a spell lies in the words that
compose it, when in reality itis the condition of mind these words
can, with proper preparation, encourage in those who speak or
hear them that gives a ritual its power.

— Donald Tyson, Ritual Magic

Laboratories allow mages to practice their magick and
conduct experiments in safety without disturbing others.
Labs are almost always located solely in the Chantry's
Horizon Realm, preventing the chance of Paradox. How-
ever, most magickal experiments require some amount of
Quintessence, and acquiring Quintessence requires time
and effort. Research can be an exceedingly time-consum-
ing task, but it's essential to perfect necessary magickal
skills. Master mages often spend the better part of their
lives in research.

The nature of these labs varies depending on the
subjects of research and the expertise of the cabals. An
Akashic dojo, a sacred vision cave, an alchemical shop and
a stimulation parlor all qualify as laboratories for certain
styles of magick. Libraries, too, might vary based on the
philosophies of the Chantry keepers. Many Dreamspeakers
keep oral records, while Virtual Adepts keep massive ran-
dom-access reserves that dwarf the most advanced CD-ROM
systems known to Sleepers.

Both libraries and labs provide places for study and
research, detailed in the Systems and Drama Chapters of
Mage (pgs. 235-236 and 262). The point-based system in
Appendix Two gives some examples of research capacities
and the benefits thereof for magickal advancement and
mundane fact-finding.


Last Things to Consider

Beware that you do not lose the substance by grasping at the

shadow.
— Aesop

lives of most characters, providing the basis
for many stories, a common cause, and pos-
q sibly the foundation for the entire chronicle.
26] There are many options to consider when
using Chantries in the game. Player charac-
fe ters may visit strange Chantries on various
missions, or might be captured by a Tech-
nocracy Construct or Nephandi Labyrinth;
they could found their own stronghold, or serve a hard
apprenticeship in the estate of an ancient, hidebound
wizard.

By no means should the Storyteller feel bound to fill
out endless sheets of data for every Chantry her players
visit. This chapter merely provides suggestions to give a
firm foundation to the strongholds of your chronicle.
Whatever roles your Chantries play, these magickal places
should reflect the basic themes of your tale, embodying in
tangible form the concepts that guide your hand.

New Rotes

These are the rotes referred to earlier in this chapter,
gathered together for easy reference:

Awaken the Sleeping Earth (
Matter)

Different mages approach the reweaving of the Tapes-
try from different perspectives, but the game system is the
same. The mage or mages employ this rote in the extended
action detailed earlier in the chapter. Success brings the
Prime energy surging from the newly tapped Node and into

Prime,

the mages. From there, the mages solidify the flow, weave
the fabric into an open channel (similar to packing the dirt
at the mouth of a well) and direct the flow of Quintessence
toward some waiting vessel, be that vessel a Talisman or
some funneling Portal to the Horizon Realm. Remember
that "free" Quintessence simply dissipates or forms some
new pattern.

The Hand of the Siphoner (¢ © © Prime, ¢ Matter)

Raiding requires the mage to touch (physically) the
center of the Node on Earth. The difficulty is equal to the
Resistance rating for the Node. Each success gives the mage
one point of Quintessence from the Node. Many mages
have special Talismans that serve as batteries into which
they can place the drained Quintessence. Raiding only
works on Nodes that are currently Awakened. The danger
is that almost all Awakened Nodes are owned and guarded
by someone. The Garou, or werewolves, are especially
dangerous; in addition to guardian spirits, werewolves
often keep permanent watch over their sacred caerns.
Beware their Rage! Faeries are nearly as bad, with their
strange protections and the confusing nature of most of
their magickal wells.

Leying of the Line (* © ¢ Prime, * ¢ * Matter)

This rote allows a mage to create one mile of ley line
per success. The rote may be used over and over until the
line reaches from the Node to the Chantry. The new ley
line will transfer the Quintessence directly from the Node
to the Chantry. However, Prime energy may still be re-
moved at the Node itself, cutting off the Chantry's supply.

Chapter Four: Chantry Creation System 149



Chapter Five

Harvest Time

By James A. Moore
The Salesman's Tale

H I'd walked for what felt like a hundred miles
after my tires blew out. The sun had set and
q it was getting cold, real cold. In a matter of
A just a few minutes my teeth were actually
f chattering. I was definitely not in L.A. I was
in Kansas, and hated the whole state right
(1 then. Nothing but miles and miles of corn.
I kept holding out my thumb, praying
that someone, damn near anyone, would

come along and give mea lift to the nearest service station,
orat least a hotel where I could spend the night. Nothing.
Not a car or truck for miles.

The little light in my watch illuminated the dial well
enough to tell me it was after eight at night. Guess I'd been
walking for a couple of hours. I was tired; my legs hurt from
too much walking and too little preparation at the gym.
Every cigarette I'd ever smoked tore at my lungs like
fiberglass weave. Then I saw my salvation, a big old farm-
house rising out of the oceans of corn. No house ever looked
better.

There was this little part of me that kept screaming in
my brain, kept trying to tell me that the farm was too

convenient, or maybe that it was too isolated for anyone
that lived there to be normal. I guess now I understand why
the girls in those bad slasher movies are always going into
the old broken-down shack in the woods; after a while
you're just so exhausted that even the Bogey Man seems
like tolerable company.

From where | was, there was only one way to get to the
farm without going another half-mile out of my way, and
that was to walk through the cornfields. Believe me, noth-
ing could have made me walk another half-mile at that
point. I climbed over the barbed-wire lines that surrounded
the place and started toward the house in the distance. It
still looked like I had a good 15 minutes of walking. If it
hadn't still been early summer, I would never have seen the
house past all of that corn.

Have you ever known that you were being watched?
The kind of feeling where your neck hairs stand on end and
you can almost feel a target painted on your back? That's
the way I felt walking toward the farm house. As the lights
went out, I increased my pace, knocking a few of the young
corn shoots down in the process. That was when the feeling
started. I was talking to myself, but forced myself to stop.

Chapter Five: Harvest Time 151


What would my hosts think if 1 walked in babbling to
myself?

Near the house, I heard a sharp snap. | spun to see a
scarecrow looking straight at me and climbing down from
the post where it was wired in place. I froze, not willing to
believe what I saw.

The thing was wearing old overalls, patched and worn
through in spots. It had old workman's gloves over its
hands, and for a second I could swear that bone protruded
from under the old denim shirt. The face looked like an old
pumpkin, the kind you find at Halloween on some kid's
porch before the bigger kids come along and smash it into
a thousand pulpy pieces. The pumpkin was withered, dried
up like an old corn husk. Some kind of light inside its head
ale, cancerous green. I swear to you, as God is my

ecrow looked right at me, and its withered
miled as it lifted the pitchfork next to its mounting

post.

P've never run so fast in my life, s
back to the road, with that thing che
ing. I probably would have died out there in the middle of
Kansas too, but a nice old man named Crombey came along

aming all the way
ing after me, laugh-

in his truck. He gave me a lift into the closest excuse for a

town in the area. The next day my tires were replaced, and
I was on my way.

I don't go to Kan:
on the few sales I m:

nymore. The extra commissions

out there aren't worth my life.

The Plot

Scene One: The cabal is sent to examine and possibly

purchase the odd pumpkins that can only be found on the

small Kansas farm of Alistair Crombey, leader of a small
Chantry of Verbena.

Scene Two: After a brief time spent getting to know their
hosts, the members of the cabal are asked for as

tance,
warning comes from the guardians that there are intruders
in the cornfields.

Scene Three: The mages — assuming they are gra-
cious enough to assist — are led on a wild goose chase
through the cornfields while Samuel Haight, the false
Garou, enters the Chantry proper. By the time the Cabal
has returned, Crombey and Haight are in serious discussion
about whether or not Haight may join the Chantry. Not
surprisingly, Crombey's response is a firm "no."

Scene Four: Combat — glorious, violent combat — as
Samuel Haight uses a group of werewolf pawns to keep the
mages occupied while he locates the World Tree of the
Chantry.

Scene Five: Despite the best efforts of all involved,
Haight manages to steal the power of the Chantry's World
Tree, with which he plans to create a very powerful Talis-
man. Against all odds and all magicks, Haight manages to
escape when it is discovered that one of the mages at the
Chantry, Alistair's great-grandson, is in truth a Progenitor.

152. The Book of Chantries


The Progenitor also manages to escape and joins Haight to
assist in his mad schemes.

What Is Really
y
Going On

Samuel Haight, the false werewolf, has returned from
the Umbra with greater powers than ever. While Haight
did not gain all of the magical knowledge he desired when
he killed El Dorado (see Rage Across the Amazon), he did
gain a fuller knowledge of his own Avatar. Haight now has

knowledge of the Spheres, but only a basic idea of how to
use that knowledge. Simply put, he wants to learn more.

Theme

The theme of "Harvest Time" is betrayal. While all of
the mages worry about Samuel Haight and his plans, one of
the Crombey Chantry is also planning treachery.

Mood

The mood of "Harvest Time" is paranoia. What should
be a simple excursion is made much worse by Samuel
Haight and the werewolves. In truth, Haight would prefer
to avoid trouble, but in the eyes of the mages, as in the eyes
of most Garou, Samuel Haight isa thief, not only of power,
but of lives.

Scene One: Off to theMarketplace

Green Acres is the place to be

Farm living is the life for me

Land spreading out so far and wide

Keep Manhattan, just give me that countryside.
—The Green Acres theme song

The cabal is asked to examine and, if reason-
able, bid on the pumpkins that can only be
found at the Crombey Farm. If the characters
Xj are Verbena, they are also asked to pass on a
"message of dire urgency." One of the Ver-
J bena elders then hands them a scroll,
embossed and sealed with wax. In truth, the
message is nothing more than a letter of
introduction and possibly some gossip be-
tween old friends.

Driving, flying or hitchhiking, the cabal gets to the
Crombey Farm without incident. The amount of money
that the characters have been allotted to purchase these
pumpkins is preposterous, certainly enough to buy a sizable
house.

Alternately, the cabal could have one or more mem-
bers who are related to the Crombeys, as the Crombeys are
quite well known among the Verbena. The Crombeys have
been known to take students from time to time, and Alistair
has often been sought for advice.

Scene Two: Meet The Crombeys

Enter freely and of your own will.

— Dracula (1931)

The Crombey Farm is located along a long
dirt road, surrounded on all sides by an or-
chard and by seemingly endless rows of corn.
The cabal arrives late in the evening; the sun
has set and the air has an early autumn chill.
The north wind whips past the characters,
shaking the corn with a noise like the hissing
of a thousand rattlesnakes.

Black clouds cover most of the sky and
the lights of the distant city cannot be seen. Make the most
of the atmosphere; players should be paranoid. Dark figures
‘anding among the rows of ripe corn and
staring at the cabal with glowing green eyes. These figures
take no actions, but their heads continue to follow the
cabal's progress. These are the scarecrow sentinels of the
Crombey farm.

can be seen s

At the door, the players are met by a hulking brute of
aman, Troy Crombey. Troy is unpleasantly quiet, but as
soon as the mages introduce themselves, he will smile and
gesture for them to come inside.

The interior of the house is spacious and warm; a
roaring fire holds the night's chill at bay. Around a ma:

sive
dining table sits the rest of the Crombey family, eating a
simple but filling meal. The cabal is invited to join them.
After introductions are made and messages delivered, the
matter of trying to purchase the pumpkins can be broached.
Alistair Crombey refuses to discuss business over dinner.

The Pumpkin Tree

"Allow me to show you what you've come for," Alistair
says after dinner is done. With Troy and Cecilia in tow, the
farmer-mage takes the characters to a large apple orchard.

Harvest Time 153


Wind rustles the branches, and each player feels a tingle of
dormant power. The family is clearly watching the players;
everyone is friendly, but the hospitality is somewhat forced.
Suspicious characters might assume that the Crombeys are
leading them into a trap, but the Verbena are simply being
cautious.

In the center of the orchard, the characters find out
why. A massive, gnarled tree, the Chantry's World Tree,
stands in a small clearing, screened from view by the apple
trees. Good thing, too, as the tree is clearly unnatural.

The tree has a distinctly human shape; its branches
stretch toward the sky like arms raised in supplication. The
leaves are much like those of an apple tree, and small red
pumpkins — approximately the size of cantaloupes— grow
from the branches. The Verbena of the Crombey Chantry
have buried their dead in the ground around the Pumpkin
Tree for centuries. The tree is actually the mortal remains
of the Chantry's founder, a powerful mage who changed
himself as he was dying and who has since continued to
nurture his family.

The tree stands in the center of a permanent magic
circle. An altar, firepit and large cauldron sit nearby.
Despite being exposed to the elements, the cauldron ap-
pears new. The entire clearing radiates Quintessential
power. Alistair will not offer information about the tree's
true nature, but will not deny it if one of the players guesses
the facts. After a few minutes around the tree, Alistair leads
the players back to the house for bargaining.

The characters soon learn just why the pumpkins are
so expensive. Each contains a substantial amount of Quin-
tessence, and each is supposedly capable of producing even

154 The Book of Chantries

Ml

rap
ee
Rit

\

. Men :

AL?

i Vi ACT
HUN HWY

i
if
\

} |

if
Nh

halt

more, provided the seeds are planted and nurtured over a
span of years. Theoretically, these pumpkins could literally
grow Nodes! While the Nodes would be years in the
forming, there is at last a chance that mages could create
them rather than trying to locate them ina world that isrun
almost exclusively by the Technocracy.

Shadows in the Corn

The group returns to the house to bargain. Alistair
Crombey asks fora truly preposterous amount of money. He
knows full well that he will never receive such a large
amount, but he enjoys a good bartering session more than
the average farmer does. In the midst of negotiations,
Allison's eyes glaze over fora moment. "Alistair," she says,
"we've got company..."

Strangers have come to the Crombey Farm. Scrying
attempts only show many large shadows moving through
darkened cornfields. The family attempts to scan the minds
of the intruders, but the probes reveal only crazed, dis-
jointed thoughts.

"We've been sold out!" Troy screams. Troy assumes
treachery on the part of the characters, and things will get
tense until the players are able to prove their innocence.
After a suitable amount of time is wasted, the player cabal
is asked to assist in the investigation. Robert offers to cover
the World Tree. Allison remains at the house while Alistair,
the characters, and Troy and Cecilia go out into the fields.

Crombey warns that things could get dangerous. Ei-
ther Troy or Cecilia will accompany the characters. If the
players split up, one sibling will go with each group.

Scene Three:
Hey, Did You Hear That?

May you live in interesting times.

— ancient Chinese curse

One or more of the characters may choose to
remain at the house, but the majority will
probably venture into the fields.

a The Cornfields

The height (12 feet) and density of the fields
effectively separate each character from the
@ next. There is effectively no way for the
cabal members to see each other, save by
flying. The wind tears at the stalks, rattling the corn and
producing a noise like bones beating against each other.
_ Now and then, unsettling sounds can be heard....

After afew moments, the characters begin to see forms
moving through the fields, appearing for a split second and
vanishing into the dark once more. Some of the shadowy
forms crawl across the ground, eyes ablaze with dim red
light. Others tower higher than a tall man.

The mages are at a strong disadvantage here. Most
mages aren't used to sneaking around in the darkness. Most
werewolves are.

Any character able to see in the dark may discern the
twisted features of Black Spiral Dancers, the corrupt, mis-
shapen werewolf servitors of the Wyrm. Characters without
high Occult ratings might not recognize the distinction
between Black Spirals and "normal" Garou. At the
Storyteller's discretion, Dreamspeakers might have a better
chance.

For the most part, the werewolves seem content to
stalk the mages without overt violence (yet...). At the
moment, they are here to provide a distraction for Samuel
Haight. If they are attacked, however, they will certainly
retaliate. Trigger-happy mages are very likely to get hurt.

To complicate matters, several scarecrows have joined
the search for intruders and may attack the players by
mistake. Player characters may spot them moving though
the darkness, sickly green fire illuminating their eyesockets.
Characters will not be able to communicate with the
scarecrows, although the Crombeys can.

This cat-and-mouse game should continue long enough
to unnerve the players. Suddenly, the family member(s)
accompanying the players stop short in alarm. "We've got
to get back to the house!" one shouts.

Black Spiral Dancers

Attributes: (Note: The additional statistics cover the
five forms werewolves may take: respectively, human, near-
man, wolf-man, giant wolf, and wolf.)

Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5), Stamina 4
(6/7/7/7), Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/1/1/1), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/1/1), Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 5,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 5, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Occult 3,
Stealth 4

Rage 6 (allows extra actions; each Rage point spent
allows an additional action per turn)

Gnosis 7, Willpower 5

Notes: All Black Spiral Dancers can step into the
Umbra. They canalso throw balls of green flame that inflict
two Health Levels of aggravated damage. All werewolves
(Black Spirals included) automatically heal one Health
Level of nonaggravated damage per turn spent out of
combat. The claws and teeth of the Black Spiral Dancers
cause aggravated damage (Strength + 2). Refer to Mage
(pg. 280) or the Werewolf supplement Book of the Wyrm for
further details on Garou and the Black Spiral Dancers.

Image: Without exception, the Dancers are all metis,
deformed neuters. Most have patchy fur and crazed expres-
sions. The leader of this group bears a vicious battle scar
that literally runs from the top of his head down to the point
of his chin. His face is decidedly batlike.

Roleplaying Hints: Smart but crazy. The Black Spiral
Dancers will fight to the death, for Samuel Haight has
promised to cure the metis of their hereditary sterility. (Of
course, Haight is lying; he hates all Garou.)

Weapons: SMG, Small; see the Weapons Chart on pg.
266 of the Mage rulebook.

The Scarecrows

The scarecrows are fairly typical save for their heads.
Each head is created from what looks like a mummified
jack-o-lantern. A green glow emanates from their eyes. All
the scarecrows bear pitchforks.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 5,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 5, Melee 4

Weapons: Pitchforks (difficulty 7; Strength +2)

Health: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Innate Countermagick: The scarecrows automatically
receive two dice of defense against any magickal attack.
Fire, normal or magickal, inflicts double the normal dam-
age against a scarecrow, but risks setting the corn afire....

Chapter Five: Harvest Time 155


Scene Four: The Killing Fields

Why are you doing this? Why can't you just leave us alone?

— hapless victim in any horror movie

A Perfect Guest

Back at the farmhouse, a dangerous visitor
has arrived. If any players have stayed with
Allison, they see her notice the visitor a
moment before he knocks at the door. "Mrs.
Crombey," says Samuel Haight, "may I come
in?"

Though Allison is on her guard, Haight's
easy personality and good manners quickly
bring out Allison's innate hospitality. Very few mages
know of Samuel "The Skinner" Haight (Intelligence +
Occult; difficulty 7, four successes required), and Haight
himself is a perfect gentleman. By the time the rest of the

family have arrived, he is calmly discussing admittance into
the Chantry.

Hospitality forbids attacking the visitor outright; be-
sides, Allison has correctly guessed that Haight has an ace
up his sleeve. Alistair listens to Haight's simple proposal;
allow him to join, and he will teach Tremere vampire
Thaumaturgy to the other members of the Chantry. He will
not lose his cool during the ensuing debate, regardless of
what is said. The werewolves, he says, are allies of his, and

might be of use to the Chantry. He has brought them just
in case they were needed. If his "Skinner" reputation is
mentioned, he will dismiss the claims as mere rumor,
pointing out his werewolf allies.

After a rational discussion (in which the players may
join), Alistair says that he will consider it. Allison, the
perpetual hostess, leads Samuel Haight into the kitchen,
offering him coffee and getting him out of the room so that
the others can talk.

Cecilia is uncertain about Samuel Haight; while she
finds him interesting, he gives her the creeps. Troy makes
his position clear from the beginning; he does not like
Samuel Haight, he does not trust Samuel Haight, and if
what that little group of Garou Kinfolk down near the
Miller Farm says is true, Samuel Haight should be killed on
sight.

Robert is absent during this discussion. He claims, if
telepathically contacted, that he's keeping an eye on the
World Tree.

Alistair's mind is already made up. He has no plans to
allow Haight into the Chantry. Alistair has his own con-
tacts among the Garou, and they have told him of the


Amazon War. Certain names have stuck with him, and one
of them is Samuel Haight.

Back in the kitchen, Allison has brewed a special,
drugged coffee for her guest and summoned the scarecrows
to the house. Unfortunately for her, Haight's perceptions
are razor-keen. He knows about the drugged coffee and has
overheard every word spoken in the other room. Allison
attempts to keep the stranger occupied, and Haight for his
part makes pleasant conversation, speaking of the places he
has been and even talking of his numerous failed experi-
ments in magick.

There isalwaysa chance that one of the cabal members
will go into the kitchen to be certain that Allison has the
back-up she needs. If so, the mage sees Haight suddenly
explode into violence, literally tearing Allison Crombey's
head from her shoulders (he is still in Homid form!). Forall
of her magick, Allison never has a chance.

Haight hurls her decapitated body through the door-
way into the living room. "You want a fight?" he screams.

Scene Five

volt Qe?
yer i §
AY

aA

Pan

"You self-righteous bastards, I'll give you a fight!"

Before
anyone can act, he leaps through a nearby window and into
the yard, where sounds of battle suddenly erupt. The Black
Spirals and the scarecrows have met outside. Anyone
trying to pursue Haight will have to wade through the
melee.

The Crombeys are in no state to think rationally;
Alistair stands stunned over the remains of his wife of
nearly 200 years, howling with grief. During that time,
Haight is very busy. Outside, the scarecrows slowly fall
beneath the werewolves' claws. Co-locating in the dark,
surrounded by frenzying Black Spirals, isa dangerous propo-
sition. Haight is nowhere to be seen.

A character who uses Correspondence 2 or Mind 3 will
see Haight materialize in the World Tree's clearing. Robert
is nowhere to be seen. None of the shellshocked family will
think to check the tree in the midst of the fight, but they
will make all haste to the Node if someone else thinks of it.

The Harvest

Samuel Haight will use the time gained by the Black

Spiral Dancer: ault to reach the World Tree.

The tree has changed dramatically since the players'
initial visit. Now its branches curl in pain and its rough f

e
contorts with agony. The World Tree is aware of its
situation, but can do nothing about it. The cauldron has

been kicked over, badly dented, and showered with some
acidic liquid. The altar is shattered and the circle broken.
al and the Crombeys reach the World
Tree, they discover that they are too late. As they ap-
proach, Haight plunges his hand, sheathed in a corona of

Even as the c:

Chapter Five: Harvest Time 1


fire, into the heart of the tree. He rips a burning sphere of
pure Quintessence from its innards.

The Pumpkin Tree screams as it dies, a piercing wail
that actually deafens the characters and shatters the win-
dows of the farm house.

Haight then pulls a branch loose from the tree and
channels the primal energies into the limb. As long as he
holds the branch, Haight can effectively be considered to
have unlimited Quintessence for the duration of this scene.
Haight knows the risks of using vulgar magick, but few
would see the use, and if forced he will gladly risk the
Paradox in order to destroy his enemies.

That's not all Samuel Haight has in store for the mages.
Even as the mages recover from the noise of the World
Tree's death, the Guardian of the tree rises from the
ground, not to attack Haight, but to turn on its former
masters! This creature, along with any remaining scare-
crows, immediately attacks everyone present, leaving only
Haight untouched.

The ground around the World Tree's husk explodes as
the remains of the Chantry's previous mages arise, merging
together and growing in size. Skeletal remains join together
in unnatural positions, and the earth around them unites
itself with the moldering forms. From all around the area,
fragments of dead animals and rotting plants fly through
the air, joining and weaving into the monstrosity. The final
form is over seven feet in height and equally wide. The face
is a study of inhuman rage, and the crude fists of the
Guardian glint with white fragments of bone.

Unknown to all, and unsuspected by even his family,
Robert has switched sides. During the confusion, he has co-
located back to the farmhouse to use the Blight of Aging
(Entropy 4, pg. 193 in Mage) on anyone left there.

While it is true that Haight honestly would have
joined the Chantry, he and Robert had worked out a
contingency plan well in advance. Samuel Haight prefers
to be thorough when planning any form of assault, and
when he first met Robert in the fields a few weeks ago, he
knew that he and Robert could easily work together.
Haight's keen senses told him that Robert was not what he
appeared to be. Upon making that discovery, he approached
the young man and learned all he needed to know.

Haight has promised to allow a few samples of his
genetic pattern to be taken and used by the Progenitors,
and Robert has promised that the Progenitors will aid
Haight in return. Only time will tell if either keeps his half
of the bargain. Tremere grimoires in Haight's possession
have sweetened the deal.

While the Characters are involved ina second fight for
their lives, Robert will return, destroy his family's caul-

158 The Book of Chantries

drons with explosives given to him by Haight, and then
attempt to beat a hasty retreat. Haight will also make good
his escape, using his fetish to facilitate this. Pursuit of
Samuel Haight will prove futile; under no circumstances
should Haight be captured, as he will be showing up again
in future supplements. Robert, on the other hand, might
well be caught, to face a fearful justice...

The Guardian

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 5, Stamina 9, Cha-
tisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 8,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Athletics 4, Awareness 4, Brawl 5, Intimida-
tion 7, Melee 4, Occult 4

Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 4

Arete 4, Willpower 8, Quintessence 12, Paradox 5

Health: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -3, -3, -
4, -4, -5, Incapacitated

Countermagick: The Guardian adds an extra two dice
to its countermagick, for a total Dice Pool of 6.

Image: The Guardian is a hideous sight — the remains
of all previous mages in the Chantry and all the victims of
the scarecrows, combined into one multilimbed killing
machine. The Guardian has never yet been awakened, but
what it lacks in experience, it makes up for in power.

Conclusions

Samuel Haightis gone, and Robert Crombey may have
gone with him. The Pumpkin Tree, World Tree of the
Crombey Chantry, is ruined, its power stolen by Samuel
Haight. With the loss of the tree, so too goes the power of
the Crombey's special pumpkins. All the pumpkins can
now do is store Tass, one point per pumpkin. Had their
World Tree survived, the powers of the pumpkins might
have survived as well. Thanks to Samuel Haight, the mages
have lost a valuable source of Quintessence.

But the Crombeys have lost everything. By the time
the characters have finished fighting, the family's personal
cauldrons will have been destroyed, along with their farm-
house. All that is left to them is their corn. Without the
World Tree, it will take a great deal of time for the Chantry
to recover from the devastation it has suffered. A new Tree
must be nurtured, and new cauldrons must be created and
dedicated before the Verbena of the Chantry can again use
their full powers. Any member of the family who survive
will swear a fearsome oath to destroy Samuel Haight by any
means possible. Alistair Crombey is an influential man in
his Tradition, and will use every bit of that influence to
avenge his wife. Samuel Haight has made permanent
enemies in the Verbena. His outrages will not be forgiven.


Alistair Cro

Characters
The Crombey Family

Alistair Crombey

Crombey appears to be a thin man in his late 50s, but
is actually over 200 years old. He has a thin, hawkish face
and dark hair that has gone mostly gray. He is just under six
feet in height and normally wears a faint smile. As with all
of the Crombeys, he dresses as befits a farmer.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Essence: Pattern

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Ex-
pression 4, Intuition 3, Intimidation 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2,
Leadership 3, Meditation 4, Research 5, Survival 3, Cos-
mology 2, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 5, Occult 5, Science 2

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 2, Forces 4, Life 5,
Mind 2, Matter 3, Prime 3, Spirit 4, Time 1

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Destiny 4, Library 4, Influence 4,
Mentor 5, Node 5, Resources 5

Willpower 7, Arete 7, Quintessence 14, Paradox 5

Alistair Crombey has been the leader of the Crombey
Chantry for over 200 years; he has influence and knowl-
edge, and he is well respected within the Verbena.

fee Tee Ee

Se eae ee

Allison Crombey

The stereotypical farmer's wife, Allison is portly, with
long blond hair that she pulls into a bun for the sake of
efficiency. Although she and her husband treat the "kids"
as their own children, her actual children lived and died
long ago without ever Awakening. Allison is easygoing,
always glad to take care of guests — they have so few at the
farm — and a perfect hostess.

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Director

Essence: Questing

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Allison Cromb

Abilities: Expression 3, Intuition 2, Subterfuge 1, Eti-
quette 4, Firearms 2, Meditation 3, Research 4, Survival 2,
Cosmology 4, Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Medicine 4, Occult 5,
Science 1

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Forces 3, Life 5,
Mind 2, Matter 2, Prime 2, Spirit 2, Time 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avatar 2, Library 4, Mentor 4

Arete 4, Willpower 8, Quintessence 7, Paradox 4

Troy Crombey

Troy Crombey is heavyset and muscular, obviously
used to hard hours of labor on the farm. He is actually the
great-grandson of Alistair and Allison. Troy normally
dresses in work boots, a T-shirt and blue jeans. Troy is
heavily tanned, with brown hair and eyes. He seems to be
the most standoffish of the group, normally staring at any
visitors with open suspicion.

Chapter Five: Harvest Time 159

Sea a

raat

SEES Sees an EES

TEE res

Bis

TEE Ses


Essence: Pattern

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 5, Awareness 4, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Expression 1, Intuition 3, Intimidation 3, Drive 4,
Firearms 4, Meditation 3, Research 4, Stealth 2, Survival 5,
Occult 4, Science 3

Spheres: Entropy 2, Forces 2, Life 2, Mind 2, Prime 2,
Spirit 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 3, Avatar 2, Mentor 3
Willpower 7, Arete 2, Quintessence 5, Paradox 2

Cecilia Crombey

The stereotypical farmer's daughter, Troy's twin sister
is buxom, blond, freckled and embarrassingly friendly
Beneath a careless exterior, though, Cecilia is no dummy.
Her perceptions are sharp and on target most of the time.

Though young, she's a powerful mage in her own right. She
dresses much like her brother Troy.

Essence: Dynamic
Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Awareness 4, Brawl 1,
Dodge 4, Expression 2, Intuition 4, Intimidation 1, Drive 2,

Firearms 4, Meditation 3, Research 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2,
Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Medicine 3, Occult 4, Science 1
Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Forces 3, Life 3,
Matter 2, Prime 3, Spirit 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avatar 4, Dream 4, Mentor 3
Willpower 8, Arete 3, Quintessence 9, Paradox 4

Robert Crombey
Robert is almost as open as his cousin Cecilia, and, like
Troy, is built for farming. Robert has light brown hair,
green eyes and more freckles than should be possible.


Robert takes the stereotype one step further, going so far as
to chew on straw.

It is possible that the real Robert is dead. While
visiting with friends in San Francisco, Robert disappeared
for several days. When he returned, he was haggard and
dirty. The Technocracy had been on his trail, he explained,
but he had escaped.

The bonds of family kept the Crombeys from question-
ing Robert's story as much as they should have. What came
back looked and acted like Robert, but certainly does not
think like Robert and is a great deal more powerful than
Robert used to be. "Robert" has been biding his time and
concealing his true power until the right moment.

Robert was never quite satisfied with the simple life of
the farm. Did the Progenitors create an excellent clone, or
did Robert ac
may be played either way, with different implications for
either option.

ally sell out to the Technocracy? The story

Robert is by nature open and friendly, flirting inces-
santly with the ladies and kidding around with the men. He
is always willing to lend a helping hand, and to try to
smooth over any disputes between the Crombeys and the
cabal. His friendliness should make his betrayal all the
more wrenching.

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Conformer

Essence: Questing

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 5, Brawl 3,
Dodge 4, Intuition 3, Subterfuge 5, Drive 2, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 4, Melee 4, Stealth 3, Survival 1, Technology 3,
Computer 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 5, Occult 2, Science 3

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 2, Forces 3, Life 4,
Mind 3, Matter 2, Prime 4,

Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Node 5

Arete 4, Willpower 9, Quintessence 6, Paradox 3

Each member of the Crombey Chantry carries a Fiachi
Law-12 Shotgun, These weapons are detailed in the Mage
tulebook, pg. 266. These shotguns have been magickally
altered, however, and now do aggravated damage. Their
range has been increased to 80 yards.

Samuel Haight

Breed: Homid

Tribe: Outcast—he thinks of himselfas the first of the
Skin-Dancer tribe.
Tradition: Orphan

Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Architect
Essence: Dynamic
Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4,
Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Leadership 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 5, Computer 2, Enigmas 4, Investiga-
tion 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 5, Politics 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Avatar 5, Fetish 5, Resources 5

Willpower 9, Arete 4, Rage 8, Gnosis 8 (Quintessence
8/Paradox 2)

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 3, Forces 3, Life
2, Matter 3, Prime 2, Spirit 4

Fetishes: Shedding the Spirit Skin (Level 5, Gnosis 7;
this bizarre "necklace" is actually a mummified snake
painted with bizarre runes. Samuel took it from a Black
Spiral Dancer he killed. It allows the wearer to Reform in
the Umbra as if he were a spirit. The area in which he
Reforms is random and normally linked to an area under
the dominion of the Wyrm.)

Gifts: (Note: These may be ignored if the Storyteller is
unfamiliar with Werewolf; Haight might simply employ
Sphere magick instead.) Bane Protector, Wyrm Hide,
Unseelie Faerie Kin, Blood Omen, Heightened Senses,
Curse of Aeolus, Visceral Agony, Razor Claws, Thieving
Talons of the Magpie, Inspiration

Thaumaturgy: Samuel Haight knows several
Thaumaturgic paths and rituals, most of which can be
found in the Vampire: The Masquerade rulebook: Move-
ment of Mind 3, Lure of Flames 2, Weather Control 2,
Spirit Thaumaturgy 1. He also knows the following rites:
Ritual of Sacred Rebirth, Donning the Mask of Shadows,

i)

Samuel Hai


Puissant Shield, Ward versus Lupines (he's still a bit leery
of trying that last one, just in case)

Image: Samuel Haight is a middle-aged man with
hazel eyes and brown hair that is starting to gray. Haight is
in excellent physical condition. In all of his forms, Haight
will maintain a brown coat shot with gray.

Roleplaying Notes: You have learned so much since
your rebirth. You have always been a schemer, but you now
realize that you were a novice. There is still so much to
learn, so many ways to make the world fit the way you want
it. You hate all Garou and will gladly kill them all, except
for the ones that you save from their hideous lives as mere
Kinfolk. You have so much to correct, so much to change,
and your work has only just begun. Now you have learned
the Spheres known by El Dorado. Soon you will be able to
enact your revenge against the Garou. Why, with the
powers at your command, and the right training, you too
can gain immortality!

Background: Samuel Haight was a Kinfolk of the
Garou, but Haight was never satisfied with being a mere
Kinfolk. Samuel Haight wanted all of the power that the
Garou possess. Haight's father and his cousins, the Carney
Brothers, had known the glory of being Garou, and Samuel
Haight resented their existence. Haight tried many times
to gain his father's respect in other ways, but truth be
known, he was always something of a disappointment.

Samuel finally found something at which he excelled:
hunting. Sam hunted big game the world over, stalking and
killing every imaginable type of dangerous prey. At the
same time, Samuel Haight started learning about the world
and the other supernatural powers it contained. Samuel's
fascination with the occult even led him to try learning
from the Verbena, but to no avail. He could not manage the
Traditions' difficult rituals; in the words of his teacher:
"Your Avatar has not Awakened." Despite this setback,
Haight continued his quest and eventually slew a member
of the Tremere clan. Samuel drank the vampire's blood,
having learned in his travels that the blood of vampires
could heal and prolong life. He also took the vampire's
grimoires, and through trial and error he started teaching
himself the dark art of Thaumaturgy.

As Samuel Haight traveled the world, learning more of
the Thaumaturgic arts and hunting more and more exotic
creatures, he discovered a ritual that changed his life. The
Ritual of Sacred Rebirth would allow Haight to become a
Garou — if he were willing to pay the price. Samuel Haight
had to accumulate the skins of five Garou in order to
transform himself. It took years of effort, but Samuel finally
achieved his goals only a short time ago.

Samuel Haight slaughtered and skinned the necessary
number of Garou, and used the ritual to become a werewolf
himself. In the process, he became a pawn of the Wyrm.
Chased by other Garou, Samuel Haight used a powerful
fetish, Shedding the Spirit Skin, which allowed him to
escape into the Umbra. In the Umbra, however, all things

162 The Book of Chantries

are revealed. Haight could no longer ignore the depravity
of his actions.

The shock of seeing the Banes that had been attracted
by his actions temporarily drove Samuel Haight insane. He
used his fetish again, this time to push himself into the
Deep Umbra and into the lair of Ischen, a powerful demon
whom the Garou had imprisoned ages before. The creature
desired a way back to the material plane and felt that
Samuel Haight's fetish was a perfect way to ensure its
escape. However, the unintentional intervention of sev-
eral Sabbat vampires foiled the creature's attempts, instead
allowing Samuel Haight back into the material world.

Samuel Haight had long worked for Pentex before his
"rebirth," and saw no reason not to return to his previous
employers upon coming home. Through Pentex Haight
met Robert Allred, and if the two did not become friends,
they at least became comrades in arms.

Allred allowed Haight to travel to the Amazon Basin,
for both of the men realized that the bloody battle zone
would be a fabulous place to gather more pelts for the
creation of still more Kinfolk-Garou. Allred and Haight
planned to create a tribe of their own, the "Skin-Dancers,"
to liberate the Kinfolk and destroy the Garou.

While Samuel was locked in Ischen's domain, he
learned several new tricks from his host. What he did not
learn from the demon, he stole from El Dorado using the
power of a fetish called the Conquistador's Sword. The
Sword was meant to siphon the power of El Dorado, but it
failed. Instead, the sword shattered in the attempt, but left
Samuel Haight with rudimentary levels of knowledge in
several Spheres. Haight was believed destroyed in his battle
against the Garou, but once again he managed to escape by
slipping into the Umbra.

Haight knows several Thaumaturgic powers of the
Tremere vampires, and with his new ability to focus Quin-
tessence he has become powerful indeed. At the present
time he lacks the discipline to control his powers fully, but
that is something he means to rectify, with or without the
willing help of the mages.

Seiting

The Crombey Farm
Chantry

Powerful: 70+ Points

Status: 3

Reputation: 3

Advantages and Disadvantages
Atmosphere: Peaceful (+5)
Phenomena: Normal(+0)
Magickal Manifestations: Subtle


Guardians: Scarecrows, Guardian of the Tree (Ridicu-

lous +20), Supernatural (+10), Loyal (+15)

Location: Isolated Farm (+5)
Size: Chantry, Average (+5) Node, Average (+5)

Realm, None (-5) Real Cost: 5

Security System: State-of-the-Art, Scarecrows (+10)
Wards: Difficulty 10 (+10)

Defensive Wards: (+5)

Typical Shallowing (0)

Communications: Modern (+2)

Large Private Land-holding
Node: Tass (Variable negative)
No Realm

Arcane Library: Good (+5)

Laboratories: Inadequate (-5)

Internal Politics: Traitor (-20) Harmony (+10) Total
Cost: (-10)

Leadership: Benevolent Leadership (+10)

No Servants: (-10)

Total Cost: 82

Chapter Five: Harvest Time 163



Appendix One:

Other
rangeness

So through the endless twilights I dreamed and waited,
though I knew not what I waited for. Then in the shadowy
solitude my longing for light grew so frantic that I could rest no
more, and I lifted entreating hands to the single black ruined
tower that reached above the forest into the unknown outer sky.
And at last I resolved to scale that tower, fall though I might;
since it were better to glimpse the sky and perish, than to live
without ever beholding day.

— HP. Lovecraft, "The Outsider"

Certain Chantries do not fall under the con-

trol of the Traditions, Technocracy or

Nephandi. Most of these Chantries are mys-

terious places known only through rumor

Mame and legend. One can only speculate what odd
&) beings dwell in these places.

2) Chantries of the
Ka Luon

while others merely explore and collect data and speci-
mens. Some supposedly experiment upon humans, or breed
with them to produce hybrid offspring for some unknown
purpose. Tradition mages call these races the Ka Luon, or
Hidden Ones, though each species may have its own name.

The Ka Luon are said to control large Chantries that
resemble spaceships and are capable of traveling the Umbra
and Earth. Many Sleeper reports of UFO sightings are
believed to be sightings of the Hidden Ones. No one knows
the number of these mobile Chantries, or whether all are in
league with one another, though it is speculated that there

Many mages believe in the existence of alien races

who, while unconnected to the Nephandi, are still barred
by the Horizon from entry into the Near Umbra. Some of
these races supposedly seek allies against the Nephandi,

are numerous races among the Ka Luon.

Some postulate that these "UFOs" are Marauders,
Nephandi or even visitors from the Chimerae. The very
existence of the Ka Luon remains unproven. Yet....

Appendix One: Other Strangeness 165


Abandoned Chantries

And as goods lost are seld or never found,

As faded gloss no rubbing will refresh,

As flowers dead lie withered on the ground,

As broken glass no cement can redress:

So beauty blemished once, forever lost,
In spite of physic, painting, pain, and cost.

— William Shakespeare, "Sonnet 13"

Chantries are exceedingly valuable, and thus almost
never abandoned. However, there are a few cases in which
vacancy is forced. Mages whose Chantry is captured often
lay a terrible curse on their Horizon Realm, Nodes, and
Chantry building to prevent the enemy fromusing them. In
some cases, this curse extends to all who were not members
of the Chantry. Thus, these Chantries stand empty and will
remain so until a way is found to remove their curses. There
are still very few of these Chantries, because some have had
their curses removed. However, finding a means of remoy-
ingaChantry's curse is often more difficult than establishing
a Chantry from scratch.

One of these abandoned Chantries is the Manse of
Madness in the Realm of the Creeping Doom. This Chantry
belonged to the Order of Hermes, but all its members were
horribly executed by Nephandi. The oldest of the Her-
metic mages muttered a dying curse upon the entire Realm
and all who would control it.

The Realm still exists, and even has a physical aspect
on Earth; this aspect can rebuild itself after being destroyed.
The Chantry looks like an old, dilapidated, two-story
wooden house. The interior is covered in dust, though most
of the mages' possessions remain. Taking anything brings
the curse of doom upon the thief, and it becomes virtually
impossible to discard the object until the curse has run its
course. Items that are taken find their way back to the old
Chantry.

It is rumored that the Chantry is haunted by many
spirits, though mages seem to have no control over them.
They appear to whomever they wish, usually for the pur-
pose of driving the viewer insane. Some claim there are
powerful cosmic secrets to be learned in the house, but no
one ever leaves the Chantry with her mind sufficiently
intact to reveal these secrets.

The manse is aptly named, for all who stay within the
Chantry become insane. The victims then kill one another
until only one is left. This last victim is carried off by the
spirits for eternal torment.

Mobile Chantries
The Flying Dutchman

There are those who report seeing a mysterious ship
believed to be the legendary ghost ship called the Flying
Dutchman. This spectral mercharttman of the late 1600s is

166 The Book of Chantries

believed to be under the control of Marauders, though
nothing has been proved. It is seen only at night, mostly
around the Cape of Good Hope.

The ship is described as having a faint bluish-green
glow. Spotters range from merchant marine ships to U.S.
naval aircraft. The Dutchman is said to fire a few cannon
shots as a warning to those who come too close, though it
has never been known to sink a vessel.

No one has ascertained the ship's purpose, though
some claim to have heard human voices that were alter-
nately described as laughing or screaming. A Technomancer
Shock Corps once attacked the ship, only to be met by
flying Marauders and a sea serpent. Before the team could
initiate a single attack against the vessel, the Dutchman
simply disappeared, as did the storm surrounding it. It was
not even visible in the Umbra.

Should the rumors of the Flying Dutchman be true, this
would seem to indicate that the Marauders are working
together in large numbers and carrying out missions of
utmost secrecy, Perhaps all Marauders are not insane, and
the group does have goals.

The Knights of Newark

In Newark, New Jersey, there is a cabal of mages
known as the Knights of Newark. The cabal comprises four
mages: Denton Klein (Virtual Adept), Dedra Sain (Celes-
tial Chorus), Russell Johnson (Order of Hermes), and
Christina Lewis (Hollow Ones). The mages control one of
the most unusual Nodes on Earth — a 1978 green
Volkswagen van in perfect running condition. The mages
use the Node as a mobile Chantry, for the interior of the
van leads toa small pocket of a Horizon Realm. The Realm
resembles a loft, but the walls, floor and ceilings are just
massive replicas of the interior of the van. All of the mages
have partitioned off their own rooms, and they share a large
common area.

The van has a number of defenses. It is also capable of
healing itself if damaged, provided no one is looking. The
van always stays in perfect running order; it runs on Quin-
tessence instead of gas. The mages also have a special
one-way Portal that leads to a dumpster in Jersey City.

The mages are currently at odds with the Camarilla,
the Sabbat and the anarchs of the vampire world. Many of
their friends have already been lost to the cause. They have
also had run-ins with two werewolves and some mages of
the Technocracy. The mages have an ancient Hermetic
mage as a Mentor, but he is bedridden because of incurable
damage to his body caused by his own magick.


Other Chantries of
Note

Balador, Cult of Ecstasy
Pleasuredome in the City of Altua

All Cult of Ecstasy Chantries are thought to be places
of total decadence by those who misunderstand the Cult.
What outsiders view as vices are seen by the Cult as
legitimate means to attain a transcendental state. All
philosophical differences aside, one of the greatest of the
Tradition's Chantries is Balador, a massive complex resem-
bling the cathedral of Hagia Sofia. Balador is surrounded by
Altua, a city of similar architectural style. The place has a
distinct Greek-Arabic ambience. There are street markets,
temples to forgotten gods of pleasure, and beautiful people
of Greek ancestry.

The Pleasuredome is home to four Cult of Ecstasy
cabals and two multi-Tradition cabals. These mages rarely
leave the Realm, preferring to expand their inner horizons
with every stimulation imaginable. Mages have every plea-
sure center on their bodies stimulated in every way possible.
Chemical pleasures, magickal pleasures, pleasures of the
flesh and other less identifiable delights occupy the mages
while various Acolytes of great beauty and insight tend to
more worldly concerns.

The mages even "commission" shows for their citizens
and themselves. They accomplish this by using Correspon-
dence magick to bring all manner of entertainers to the
Realm and then using Mind magick to cloak the entertain-
ers' memories. The performers remember only vivid dreams
of wild shows.

The archmage Marianna, Master of Correspondence,
Life, Matter, Mind and Time, oversees the Chantry and
ensures its protection. The Chantry guards are very power-
ful and possess mental powers of unusual sorts. Mages from
one of the multi-Tradition cabals serve as the Realm's
Sentinels. They handle most of the away missions for
Balador.

The Nodes of the Pleasuredome include four magickal
locations in Istanbul, including the real Hagia Sofia. The
Chantry also controls a Node in Thrace called the Temple
of Dionysus; this is an ancient Greek temple enshrouded in
a magickal forest. The priestesses of the temple are said to
be on good terms with werewolf Amazons called Black
Furies.

The earthly aspects of the Chantry are in New York,
Istanbul and Los Angeles. Some mages who spend part of
their time in New York have encountered members of a
Wyrm-serving cult known as the Seventh Generation (see
the Werewolf supplement Rage Across New York). Infu-
tiated by the group's deliberate corruption of sexuality, the

eis eae. matt
Appendix One: Other Strangeness 167


cabal is hatching a plan to infiltrate the Seventh Genera-
tion and bring it down.

The Celestial Temple of the Sun

Under the streets of Vatican City there is an under-

ground temple. This massive edifice resembles a medieval

monastery. Labyrinthine tunnels and countless rooms fill
the place, lit by magickal candles that never extinguish or

burn down.

One would expect the Ancestral Chantry of the C
tial Chorus to bea place with glorious palaces and streets of
gold, where angelic hosts sing praises unto the heavens.
The truth is quite different. The mages of the temple are
ascetics who do not wish to imitate Heaven. Rather, they
live quiet, monastic lives

The temple, known to a rare few even among the
Celestial Chorus, is actually not on Earth. Instead, the
subterranean s

airs leading into the temple are actually a
gateway to the Chantry's Realm. The mages can cause the
stairs to appear and disappear with a simple command.
There is no "outside" in the Realm; the entirety of the
Realm is the Chantry itself. The temple is enormous and
can grow or shrink to accommodate the wishes of the
mages. The Chantry houses many of the holiest relics and
artifacts on Earth.

The Celestial Temple of the Sun houses 30 mages of
the Celestial Chorus. They come from all parts of the world

and all walks of life. They are united in their service to the
One. They seek Ascension, but focus on the diminishing
spirituality of the Sleepers. They want to restore religious
belief, for they believe that only through faith in the One
can Ascension be achieved.

There is a rumor that the mages of the temple are in
direct contact with the Oracles of Prime, and that they are
going to bring a massive miracle of the One to the Sleepers
of the Earth in the near future. The details remain un-
known, but the mages eagerly prepare for this event,
believing it to be the necessary catalyst to lead the Sleepers
back to the One.

The Nightmare Theatre: A
Hollow Ones' Haunt

Was that the Bogeyman?

As a matter of fact, it was

— Halloween

The modern denizens of the World of Darkness have
given up movie theaters in exchange for cineplexes. As a
result, many old theaters lie crumbling in squalid down-
town areas.

Onesuch abandoned theater in Gary, Indiana is known
as the Royal Palace Theatre, though no royalty ever visited
the place. Now the dilapidated theater, closed since the
°70s, serves as home to a cabal of Hollow Ones. There are


three mages and two Acolytes. The mages are Crystal
Spinner, Marvin Hafuer, and Klenton McKay; the Aco-
lytes are Julie Pratt and Dwaine Smith. Their power is
weak, but their resolve is strong.

The mages use the offices, the area behind the screen,
and a huge hidden basement as their home. They have no
security system, guards, or wards, and only one servant, a
15-year-old runaway named Eddie. They often show old

movies for their own enjoyment, and they have discussed
the possibility of turning the place into a nightclub.

The mages know two vampires of Gary, Juggler and
Michael (both are described in Vampire: The Masquer-
ade, pages 248-249). They have also met many of the
anarchs in Chicago. They are hoping to form some kind of
gang with a few of the Kindred; the Kindred, on the other
hand, plan on making the mages their Blood Bound ser-
vants.

Appendix One: Other Strangeness 169


Appendix Two
Optional

Creation

Creation Points

You can't have everything. Where would you put it?

— Steven Wright

This optional system provides rules for Sto-
rytellers who want a more precise method of
Chantry construction. E

ch step of the cre-
ation process lists a variety of advantages and
disadvantages. These characteristics are pur-
chased with Creation Points (or, in the case
of disadvantages, provide additional Cre-
ation Points).

Creation Points are normally determined
by the number and power level of the cabals who belong to
the Chantry. They are spent upon particular traits pos-
sessed by the Chantry. Additional points may be gained by

Pitifully Weak Chantry 10-20 Creation Points

Weak Chantry 20-30 Creation Points

Average Chantry 30-50 Creation Points

Strong Chantry 50-70 Creation Points

Powerful Chantry 70-100 Creation
Points

Very Powerful Chantry 100+ Creation Points

taking disadvantages. The base number of Creation Points
is determined by the Storyteller. The following guidelines
are suggested:

Storyteller characters "contribute" Creation Points
based on the abilities of each NPC cabal in the Chantry.
Players may take the Chantry Background (below), pool
their points, and add these to the NPC points. It should be
obvious how expensive building a new Chantry can be!

NPC cabal Creation Points (per cabal)

Cabal members are Apprentices:
10 Creation Points

Cabal members are predominantly Disciples:
20 Creation Points

Cabal members are predominantly Adepts:
30 Creation Points

Cabal members are predominantly Masters:
50 Creation Points

The Book of Chantries


Costs

A Chantry automatically owns a building of some sort.
Each Node costs five points, and a Horizon Realm costs 10.
All characteristics add to or subtract from this amount.

All aspects of the new Chantry are covered in the
following lists. Advantages are listed with the points
required to buy the advantage, while disadvantages are
listed with the points that they subtract from the cost of the
Chantry. The Storyteller is advised to emphasize the disad-
vantages, making them worth the points they return. Total
disadvantages should not be worth more than half of the
total spent on advantages.

Example: The Fifth Ridge Chantry has 100 points in
advantages, including Loyal Acolytes (+5), and 45 points
in disadvantages, including a Node located in a public
place (-5).

The six aspects of Chantry creation have been grouped
into interrelated categories:

Node, Realm, and Building — External: These
aspects cover the Chantry's physical dimensions, general
state of the Chantry and its surroundings, and its research
facilities.

Outside Population, Servants and Acolytes, and
Internal Workings — Internal: These aspects cover the
general population of the Chantry and its Realm (if appli-
cable), and the relations of the mages therein.

The costs listed cover one particular area. Each addi-
tional area advantage must be bought separately. The
characteristics of each aspect should be noted during the
creation of the Chantry.

Example: The Fifth Ridge Chantry's five-point Wards
cover both the Chantry building and the Node, for a total
of 10 points. If they extended to the entire Realm, they
would cost 15 points.

External

Atmosphere

The location has a certain ambience about it that
either comforts or disconcerts anyone who spends time
there. Extreme atmospheres may require a visitor to spend
a Willpower point in order to leave or to remain. Residents
are immune to this effect, though the atmosphere will
certainly affect their general mood.

Alien (-10)

Spooky (-5)

Peaceful (+5)

Heavenly (+10)

Phenomena

These characteristics reflect paranormal phenomena
in or around the Chantry, Node or Realm.

hantry:
A New Backgrou

This background is intended for Chantries
created through the point-based system described
in this chapter, and may only be taken by player
characters. Should the player characters leave the
Chantry to which they donated their Creation
Points, they cannot take the Creation Points with
them. However, upon leaving the old Chantry, any
unspent experience may be used to purchase more

points in Chantry, provided the characters join
another Chantry created through this process.

1 Creation Point

2 Creation Points

3 Creation Points

4 Creation Points

¢ 5 Creation Points
Note that the Chantry Background differs
from the Node Background, which refers to the
amount of additional Quintessence the players'

cabal may access on its own.

Curse: The area is cursed for some reason, and has
some terrible effect on those who visit. Severely cursed
areas may even punish the inhabitants. The severity and
effect of the curse should be decided by the Storyteller, but
should be in line with the disadvantage's bonus.

Severe (-10)

Mild (-5)

Dark Secret (-2): The curse may be lifted if someone
discovers the mysterious cause of the curse. Treat as a mild
curse until then.

Haunted (-5): The area is plagued with restless spirits
that annoy the residents of the area. They may disrupt
classes or experiments, steal Quintessence, or vandalize
property.

Psychic Emanations

Psychics often experience strange, "prickly" sensa-
tions in or around Nodes. Some emanations may be so
strong that even Sleepers notice them with a successful roll
of Perception + Empathy (difficulty 6). This disadvantage
is particularly prevalent in areas with large residues of
Quintessence.

Powerful Emanations (-5): Sleepers may notice, as
mentioned above.

Strong Emanations (-2): Psychics notice easily (no
roll).

Normal (+0): Psychics feel the emanations if they
successfully roll Perception + Alertness (difficulty 8).

Appenix Two: Optional Creation System 171


No Psychic Emanations (+5): No one notices any-
thing out of the ordinary.

Magickal Manifestations

Strange things occur around the location: dancing
patterns of color, temperature changes or eerie noises. No
actual entity seems to be behind these phenomena.

Subtle (-5): Noticeable with Perception + Alertness
(difficulty 8).

Noticeable (-10): As above, but (difficulty 6).

Blatant (-15): Readily noticeable (no roll needed).
Such phenomena may draw the attention of the Technoc-
racy or other paranormal researchers if they occur outside
of a Horizon Realm.

Continuum Fluctuations

Temporal Shifts (-5): Time runs ina different pattern
from Earth's, or perhaps conforms to no known pattern at
all. This phenomenon might be a regular part of the Realm
or may be a more localized effect. Temporal shifts add two
to the difficulties of all Time Sphere effects attempted
within the vicinity.

Energy Fluctuations

Quintessence surges and ebbs in unpredictable pat-
terns, making magick unpredictable and possibly altering
the daily flow of Quintessence into the Realm.

Extreme Variation (-10): More than 10 points per
day.

Subtle Variation (-5): Fewer than 10 points per day.

Guardians

"i am powerful, but trapped. those who own me cannot
request anything and hope to realize their boon. iam unhappy,
and an unhappy djinn is an evil djinn. were i free, imight be your
slave, but as i am now, i will visit unhappiness on you in a
thousand forms!...

"what a lousy disposition i' ve got!" the djinn said, and then
he laughed.

— Harlan Ellison, Djinn, No Chaser

Guardians are spirits or creatures who watch over the
area. Some may be bound or otherwise unwilling, while
others guard their protectorates out of honor, love or some
other commitment. Guardians are fairly static and cannot

Guardian Chart

Power Level
One — Weakling
Freebie Points: 0-5
Two — Below Average
Freebie Points: 6-14
Three — Average
Freebie Points: 15-29
Four — Exceptional
Freebie Points: 30-39
Five — Powerful
Freebie Points: 40-49
Six — Extra-powerful
Freebie Points: 50-59
Seven — Super-powerful
Freebie Points: 60-74
Eight — Ultra-powerful
Freebie Points: 75-95
Nine — Lesser Celestine
Ten — Celestine

Normal (+0): Level three or four Guardian.
Powerful (+5): Level five or six.

Attributes: 7/5/4, Abilities: 15, Backgrounds: 3, Willpower: 3, Quintessence: 2,
Attributes: 10/8/6, Abilities: 25, Backgrounds: 5, Willpower: 5, Quintessence: 3,
Attributes: 12/10/8, Abilities: 35, Backgrounds: 9, Willpower: 7, Quintessence: 5,
Attributes: 14/12/10, Abilities: 40, Backgrounds: 13, Willpower: 9, Quintessence: 7,
Attributes: 16/14/12, Abilities: 50, Backgrounds: 16, Willpower: 10, Quintessence: 10,
Attributes: 18/16/14, Abilities: 60, Backgrounds: 20, Willpower: 10, Quintessence: 14,
Attributes: 20/18/16, Abilities: 70, Backgrounds: 25, Willpower: 10, Quintessence: 17,
Unknowable (whatever Storyteller desires)

Unknowable (seemingly limitless power)

No Guardian (-10): The area must be protected by the Chantry mages themselves.
Weak (-5): Guardian has a power level of one or two.

Ridiculous (+20): Level seven. Higher than this is not recommended for player Chantries.

Character Points
Attributes: 5/4/3, Abilities: 5, Backgrounds: 1, Willpower: 2, Quintessence: 2,

172. The Book of Chantries


leave their areas to fight or rescue members of the Chantry.
Supernatural guardians often "feed" on Quintessence at a
rate of three points per day per power level. Guardians with
slightly different diets (vampires, for instance) leave the
area unattended from time to time to feed (and might bring
back some unpleasant surprises for the mages as a result).

Strength

The relative power of the guardian. Such beings are
built like normal characters; the number of points used in
so doing is determined by power level.

Nature

The nature of the area's guardians.

Sleepers (+1 per five guards): These guards have no
idea what they are protecting. The area cannot have any
characteristics that would adversely affect the guards.
Sleeper guards are usually well armed with mundane weap-
ons.

Aware (+5 per five guards): Inhabitants of the area
who are aware of the place's special nature and who have
some skills or innate abilities.

Supernatural (+10 per five guards): Vampires,
wolves or spirits, generally of power level three and up.

t tl
SING AU! Mis Le

yay ly

Loyalty
The general attitude of the guardian toward its task,

and its feelings toward the mages of the Chantry.

Fanatical (+15)

Loyal (+10)

Unwilling (-5)

Hateful (-10)

Living Entity (+20): The entire area is one large
organism (and hopefully friendly to the local mages).

Location

The geographical location of the Node or Chantry. As
Nodes tend to be Earth-based, a Node located ina heavily
populated area may well be inaccessible at certain times.
Chantries in towns or cities might have problems with
curiosity-seekers, thieves or local authorities, and might
present difficulties with Paradox if located on Earth.

City (-5): The area is located within the heart ofacity.

Hard to Reach (-5): The area is inaccessible to most
people. This is a bonus for privacy, but makes the place
difficult to reach.

Town (-1): The area is located inside a small town.

Sparsely Populated (+1): The area is in an isolated
rural locale.

Isolated (+5): The area is located far away from people
and may never have been viewed by Sleepers.


Size

The size of the Chantry, Node or Realm. Each area is
purchased separately. Conversely, a bonus for one tiny-
sized area subtracts from the cost of others. A shoebox
Chantry in a tiny Realm with a tiny Node would be worth
30 points anda bad case of claustrophobia. One area might
well be large while another is small.

Example: A large Chantry in a large world with a
medium-sized Node would cost 25 points. If either the
Chantry or the Realm were small, the cost would be 10
points.

The daily Quintessence yield of a Node is relative to
the cost or bonus of the Node's size, i-e., a small Node yields
five fewer points of Quintessence, while a huge one pro-
duces 15 more per day. Conversely, a Realm requires 10
times its cost to maintain. A vast Realm would thus require
400 Quintessence a day!

Tiny (-10): The area is pretty small: a Node the size
ofa trash can, a Chantry the size of an R.V., a Realm of an
acre or two.

Small (-5): A dumpster-sized Node, a Chantry the
size of a small house, a Realm of around 10 acres.

Average (+5): A Node as large as a house, a Chantry
like a mansion, a Realm the size of a city.

174. The Book of Chantries

ans Nye . ‘. :
Mus

agiwer 2

Large (+10): A Node the size of a large building, a
castle-sized Chantry, a Realm equivalent to a medium-
sized state.

Huge (+15): An acre-sized Node, a Chantry the size
of a small city, a Realm the size of a continent.

Vast (+40): (Realm Only) A Realm this size would be
a small pocket world, complete with a biosphere, seasons
and indigenous lifeforms.

Security System

Areas may have some sort of ward or detection device
to protect them. As mentioned above, an advantage only
covers one particular area of the Chantry. Security systems
are further detailed at the end of this appendix.

Simple Trap System (+5): The area has a system of
traps, either mundane or magickal. These catch any in-
truder who fails a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7).
The intruder is detained until freed or until she breaks loose
through brute strength (Strength Feat of 8).

Complex Trap System (+10): Treat as above, except
the difficulty is raised to 8 and the roll must be made every
turn or so. Breaking free is a Strength Feat of 11.

Low-Grade Security System (+2): The location has
some sort of warning system against intruders. Intruders
must make one Perception + Stealth roll (difficulty 7) to
avoid alerting the area's guardian.

Average Security System (+5): As above, but the roll
must be made once per turn whenever the intruder moves
about.

State-of-the-Art Security System (+10): Same as
Average Security System, but the difficulty is 8, and the
entire Chantry is alerted.

Protective Wards

The area is protected by a ward that prevents a particu-
lar type of being or material from entering that place except
when accompanied by a member of the Chantry. Objects
warded against are not harmed, but cannot enter unless
they make a successful Willpower roll against the difficulty
of the ward.

2-pt. Ward: Difficulty 8.

5-pt. Ward: Difficulty 9.

10-pt. Ward: Difficulty 10.

Ward bars entry of one kind of being or material
(vampires, werecats, cold iron): +2 pts.

One category (supernatural entities, mortals, miner-
als) barred: +5 pts.

Any unauthorized thing barred: +10 pts.

Defensive Wards: As above, but the wards damage
their targets.

Defensive wards inflict one level of aggravated damage
per five additional points spent. This damage may be
soaked.

Fortification

This characteristic delineates the place's general resis-
tance to attack. Fortification might derive from a secure
location atop a hill, thick walls, natural (or unnatural)
obstacles, or some sort of magickal defenses. The exact
game effects depend on the nature of the fortification, but
Storytellers should take the level of defense into account by
levying penalties against attacking forces or high difficul-
ties for destructive actions.

Poorly Fortified (-5): The place has no natural or
artificial defenses. It is a sitting duck.

Average Fortification (0): The area has a few advan-
tages to its position, allowing it to be easily defended.

Well-Fortified (+5): A pretty tough place.

Mighty (+10): Strong defenses.

Impregnable (+15): Damn near impossible to breach.

Other Characteristics

The Chantry may not own the area outright, or may
have to defend it on a regular basis. Shallowing (see
Chapter Four) may be particularly strong near the Node, or
special rituals may be needed to enter a Chantry house.
These characteristics cover anything not already men-
tioned.

Shallowing

Strong Shallowing (-5): The Node's shallowing is
constant, making it far easier for earthly intruders to pass
into the Horizon Realm and for extradimensional intruders
to pass into Earth.

Typical Shallowing (0): The Node's shallowing takes
effect only under certain common conditions, such as
during the summer, while it is raining, or if the person is
wearing green. There should be at least three or four
conditions allowing passage.

Weak Shallowing (+2): The Node's shallowing takes
effect only under uncommon conditions, such as between
12:00 and 12:01 a.m., when a certain song is sung, or only
through a hard-to-spot landmark. There should be at least
three or four of these uncommon conditions allowing for
passage.

No Shallowing (+5): The Node has no shallowing.
While this protects the Realm from intruders, it prevents
easy access for Chantry members.

Communications

Reflects the facilities for a certain area. Each area must
be purchased separately.

Modern (+2): The area has telephones, intercoms or
shortwave radios.

Trans-Umbral Communications (+5): The Chantry
has some means of communication with parties in the Near
Umbra or in a Horizon Realm.

Trans-Horizonal Communications (+10): Commu-
nications may be established with parties in the Deep
Umbra. This is most common among the Nephandi and
the Void Engineers.

Land Status

Reflects the status of property. Does the Node belong
to the Chantry? Do they lease their mansion? This could
lead to no end of complications.

Large Private Holding (+5): The Node rests in the
center of a very large tract of land. The actual size is
determined by the surroundings, i.e. 10 square miles of rain
forest, 500 acres in a rural area, or one city block.

Privately Owned (+0): The area belongs to one mage
in the Chantry. If the mage leaves the Chantry, she can
take it with her. She could also will it to one individual,
who might not be as generous....

Leased (variable): The mages do not actually own the
area. It is leased to them for 30 years (-5), 15 years (-10), or
five years (-15).

Well-Documented (-1): The place is documented in
a number of reputable occult sources and may be pestered

by the curious. This disadvantage only applies to Chantries
or Nodes.

Appenix Two: Optional Creation System 175

Se eee

ee ae


Frequently Raided (-10): The area is constantly un-
der assault. Perhaps the Node was a Garou caern, or the
Chantry a vampire's haven. Perhaps the Technocracy is
aware of the site and wants it for its own. The raiders should
be the equals of the Node guardian, in order to enjoy
occasional success.

Miscellaneous

Ritual Access (+15): Some ritual is necessary to use
or enter the area. Treat as a 10-point ward if the ritual is
unknown.

Special Portal (variable): The area has some special
magickal gateway linking it to another site on Earth (usu-
ally a Node), the Near Umbra or another Realm. Even
Sleepers may use this gate, though most gates require some
ritual or key word to open them. Gates cost from three to
five points, depending on the importance of the portal and
where it leads.

Specific
Characteristics
Nodes

Node Battery (-1 per five Quintessence): The Node
does not have ley lines connecting it to the Chantry. The
mages must collect Quintessence in person on a regular
basis. Tass cannot be collected in a Node battery.

Tass (-1 per five Quintessence in Tass form): The
Node produces Quintessence in the form of some material
object, be it water, crystals, dirt, Jello, tree bark or alumi-
num foil. This Tass must be collected in person; it's easy to
transport, but easy to raid as well.

Named (+5): The Node bears a magickal true name.
All who know the Node's true name may draw Quintes-
sence from it by normal means. If the name is unknown, it
cannot easily be raided. Add two to Resistance except
when the name is spoken.

Realms

Some variants cost extra Quintessence to maintain.

Interconnected Locations (+10): Various places in
the Realm are connected to one another, though they may
be far apart. In effect, the Realm seems to have no external
barriers. Quintessence Cost: +5

Sphere Ratings (variable): The cost of changing the
magickal Sphere ratings, and thus the nature of set reality,
in a given Realm is + 2 points for every + or - in a single
Sphere rating. For example, a Realm with +2 Life, -1 Time,
and +3 Matter would cost a total of 12 points.

176 The Book of Chantries

Surroundings and Climate

The general appearance of the Realm. Extremely
volatile geography or climate may make the Realm difficult
to inhabit.

Difficult Terrain (-5): The Realm has imposing geo-
graphical features that make travel extremely difficult
(rough mountains, nasty swamps). The terrain is far worse
than that of Earth; perhaps there are even combinations of
terrain, such as quicksand-filled jungles or lakes of fire.
Quintessence Cost: +15

Mundane (+0): The Realm appears similar to Earth.

Simple Terrain (+5): The Realm has no imposing
geographical features to speak of. Moving about is easy.

Strange (+5): The Realm has certain earthly features,
but it is obviously not Earth. New visitors to the Realm
must make a Perception + Survival (or Enigmas) roll
(difficulty 6) to keep from endangering themselves in some
way. Quintessence Cost: +5

Bizarre (+10): The Realm is nothing like Earth.
Visitors must make a Perception + Enigmas roll and a
Perception + Survival roll (difficulty 8 for both) to keep
from endangering themselves or doing something ridicu-
lous. Those knowledgeable of the terrain (such as the
Chantry's residents) may ignore the roll. Quintessence
Cost: +10

Extradimensional (+10): The Realm is not three-
dimensional. All newcomers to the Realm must score 20
successes in an extended Perception + Enigmas roll (diffi-
culty 8) to orient themselves properly. Quintessence Cost:
+15

Indoors (+10): The entire Realm is located under one
roof. There is no weather, a comfortable climate, no heav-
enly bodies, no night and no day. Quintessence Cost: +10

Climate

Unsurvivable Climate (-10): This Realm's climate
can usually kill those who are not specially adjusted to it.
Perhaps the entire Realm is made of ice, is underwater, or
has a carbon monoxide atmosphere.

Harsh Climate (-5)

Earthly Climate (0)

Comfortable Climate (+5)

Miscellaneous

Advanced Transportation (+10)

The Realm has advanced or magickal transportation
devices. Great distances may be covered with ease. Ex-
amples: teleportation devices, flying carpets, cloud ships,
anti-gravity bikes, pegasi. Quintessence Cost: +10


Building Conditions
These advantages apply only to the Chantry itself.
Ruins (-10): The buildings need extensive rebuilding
or repair.
Rundown (-5)
Like New (+5)
High-Tech (+10): State-of-the art everything.

Research Facilities

The library, laboratories and information network
that the Chantry offers its members. For more details, see
Chapter Four.

Arcane Library (variable)

The Chantry automatically has 20 study points, and it
may have an additional 10 study points per Creation Point
spent. Thus, expending five Creation Points would give the
Chantry library a total of 70 study points. All books here
belong to the Chantry, not to individual mages.

Poor (-5): The Chantry's mundane library is either
nonexistent or so small that it is of no use in doing
nonmagickal research. The mages must go elsewhere to
find the appropriate references.

Modest (0): The Chantry's mundane library isn't
small by Sleeper standards, but it still lacks significant
resource material. Research rolls are difficulty 8, or 6 in one
area of study.

Good (+5): The Chantry's mundane library is large.
Research rolls are difficulty 7, or 5 in three particular areas
of study.

Exceptional (+10): The Chantry's mundane library is
huge. The Chantry must be Large in size just to house it.
Research rolls are difficulty 6, or 4 in five particular areas of
study.

Overwhelming (+15): The Chantry must be Huge
just to house this massive collection of books. Research
rolls are difficulty 5, or 3 in 10 particular areas of study.

Laboratories

This category delineates the space available for magickal
experimentation. Normal facilities allow mages to gain
one study point per success on an Arete roll (difficulty 7).
Labs are especially important for the Sons of Ether and
Order of Hermes.

None (-10): The mages have no laboratories and may
not earn study points through research, nor may they
engage in alchemical or weird science experiments.

Appenix Two: Optional Creation System 177


Inadequate (-5): The laboratories in the Chantry are
substandard. In one month, a mage may gain one study
point per success on an Arete roll (difficulty 8).

Preferential Treatment (additional -2): The Chantry
practices some sort of discrimination based on rank or
Tradition. Those on the short end of the deal get inad-
equate lab space, while other members get the best facilities.

Superior (+5): The mages have wonderful laborato-
ties, which give them an edge in their studies. In a month,
mages gain one study point per success on an Arete roll
(difficulty 6).

State-of-the-Art Laboratories (+10): The mages' labs
are the best possible; everything feasible is provided. In one
month, a mage may gain one study point per success on an
Arete roll (difficulty 5).

Internal

Grim-faced and forbidding

Their faces pulled tight,

An angular mass of New Yorkers...
Head-first humanity pause at a light
Then flow through the streets of the city.
— Rush, "The Camera Eye"

Population

This characteristic reflects the number and nature of
the inhabitants of the Realm (and possibly the Chantry as
well).

Dangerous Inhabitants (-10): Some of the inhabit-
ants pose a threat to outsiders, the mages and each other.
The nature of the danger is up to the Storyteller, but may
include treachery, criminal tendencies or a really unpleas-
ant diet.

Overpopulated (-10): The Realm is teeming with life
— too much for its ecosystem to support. Privacy is nonex-
istent, violence is high and even cannibalism may be
practiced.

No People (-5): The Realm has animals, but no
sentient life.

Bizarre Inhabitants (+5 for bizarre, +10 for truly
bizarre): The inhabitants are strange. They may be elves,
intelligent cockroaches or floating piles of goo.

Advanced Inhabitants (+15): The inhabitants are
more evolved than humans, and thus possess superhuman
intelligence, physical abilities, magickal abilities or ad-
vanced knowledge. Some of the inhabitants may be of great
assistance to the mages. Quintessence Cost: +15.

Social Structure
The societal nature of the Realms' inhabitants. Ap-
plies only to sentient beings.
Primitive (-5): Hunters and gatherers with few, ifany,
social customs.


Archaic (0): The inhabitants have a rudimentary
social system, with simple laws, politics and social taboos.

Modern (+5): The inhabitants have a developed
social system, including detailed law and politics.

Advanced (+10): A society with highly refined art,
philosophy, magick, technology, or all of the above.

Servants and Acolytes

These are non-mages who serve the Chantry directly
in some important capacity. Unlike guardians (see above),
servants and Acolytes have free will and are not bound to
a particular area or duty.

Military (variable): The Chantry has an actual mili-
tary force. Five Creation Points invested allow two soldiers
per mage. Consider these retainers to be power level two
(see above).

No Servants (-10): There are no Acolytes at the
Chantry; the mages must do all their own chores. This
reduces study time by half.

Few Servants (-5): The are not enough servants to
meet all the needs of the Chantry. Work is left undone if
the mages do not pitch in. There is one servant for every
two mages.

Functional (0): There are two servants for each mage.

Lots of Servants (+5): There are more than enough
servants. Each mage has his own personal valet. The
servants can usually perform additional services as re-
quested by the mages.

Innumerable Servants (+10): There are so many
servants that the mages do not even know all of them. The
servants are able to perform all the necessary functions and
provide plenty of additional services, making the lives of
the mages as luxurious as possible.

Hereditary Servants (additional +2): The servants of
the Chantry have long family histories of service to the
Chantry. They know their duties without being told and
know more about the Chantry's goings-on than many of
the mages.

Consor (variable): The mages' sidekicks. Each consor
must be purchased individually, at +2 points per power
level, i.e., +2 for level one, +6 for level three, etc. Consors

Appenix Two: Optional Creation System 179


should be developed in detail as individual characters, not
just faceless statistics.

Loyalty

Jesus:...and that's not all I see,

one of you here dining,

one of my twelve chosen,

will leave to betray me..

Judas: Cut out the dramatics!

You know very well who!

— Tim Rice, Jesus Christ, Superstar

This category measures the general loyalty of the
Chantry servants and Acolytes. There may, of course, be
exceptions...

Spies (-10): There are traitors among you, leaking
information to enemies of the Chantry.

Disloyal (-5): The servants are forced into service and
perform their tasks out of poverty or fear. They are good
potential spies for the enemies of the Chantry.

Loyal (+5): The servants are notably loyal to the
mages.

Committed (+10): The servants perform their duties
with great zest, efficiency and zeal. They enjoy their work,
and there is always good cheer to be found.

Fanatical (+15): The servants would all willingly
give their lives for the Chantry.

Internal Politics

Gentlemen, if we do not hang together we shall most
assuredly hang separately.

— Benjamin Franklin

Several of these characteristics may apply to a particu-
lar Chantry.

Scheming (-10): The mages of the Chantry are always
plotting behind each other's backs. This may be because of
personal rivalries, secret hatreds, questions of honor, para-
noia or gossip. It's hard to trust anyone, and the Chantry
suffers for it.

Strict Hierarchy (-10): The Chantry has a strict
internal structure making it difficult to advance in posi-
tion. Everything followsa strict procedure. Massive amounts
of "red tape" often limit or slow the actions of the mages. A
common flaw of the Technocracy.

Conflicting Loyalties (-5): Many of the mages of the
Chantry have strong loyalties to a group (or groups) outside
the Chantry and often find their loyalty and responsibili-
ties conflicting with one another.

Disorganized (-5): The mages are very disorganized.
They have trouble coming to any sort of agreement and/or
implementing plans. The various cabals seldom know what
the other cabals are doing, and it would be difficult to
gather all the cabals for a concerted effort on anything.

180 The Book of Chantries

Sensors Perception

Microwave Sensor 8
Magicked Ward th
Motion Sensor 6

[new chart here]

Barriers Strength
Window 1

Door (wood) 3)

Door (metal) 5

Door Lock 2-5
Wall (cement) 9
Bulkhead 13

Perception: The Dice Pool used to detect
intruders.

Strength: The Dice Pool (see the Strength
Chart in Mage, page 257) required to break through
the barrier.

Rogue Cabals (-5): There is at least one Rogue cabal
within the Chantry, and its activities sometimes embarrass
or endanger the Chantry itself.

Highly Organized (+5): The mages are so organized
they can act as one in any situation. Meetings are regular.
This does not mean that all members are totally loyal or
that there are no internal rivalries or similar problems,
simply that such conflicts are put aside when the need
arises.

Harmonious (+10): The cabals share a deep respect
and fondness for each other and a fanatical loyalty to the
Chantry as a whole.

Leadership

This category measures the general hierarchy of the
Chantry and how it affects the Chantry's workings. All
bonuses are cumulative (if the Chantry is so unfortu-
nate...)

Malign Leadership (-15): The leadership is actively
evil and may not be averse to using torture or murder as a
means or an end.

Foolish Leadership (-5): The Chantry's leadership is
unskilled, inept or just plain stupid.

Dictatorial Leadership (-5): All cabals must follow
orders or else!

Wise Leadership (+5): The Chantry leader is about
the best around. Through his leadership, the Chantry has
achieved many successes. He need not be a nice guy,
however...


Benevolent Leadership (+10): The leaders are just
and kind, going out of their way for the Chantry and local
community.

Other characteristics may be added or changed at the
Storyteller's discretion.

Security Systems

The following security systems are adapted from those
of Rage Across the Amazon. They are meant for Storytellers
who wish to detail the systems that players might set up or
foil during their adventures around Chantries. Basic wards
are described above.

Normal Systems

Most advanced security systems are audiovisual, in-
volving cameras, closed-circuit televisions and
microphones. Mikes are often tuned to pick up certain
sounds (breaking glass, voices, etc.).

These security systems are based on sensors and come
in two types: on/off and perception-based.

On/Off sensors do not require a roll to detect some-
thing. They either trigger or they do not. For example, a
window breakage sensor will trigger if the window is bro-
ken. An electric eye will go off only if the light beam is
broken. There are no rolls for these sensors. The Storyteller
must have the players describe their actions very carefully.
The sensors then respond accordingly.

Perception-based sensors have a Perception Attribute,
which is used in the same mannerasa character's Attribute.
For example, a thermal sensor might have a Perception
rating of 8. The sensor will roll eight dice (difficulty 6) to
detect a character and trigger an alarm.

Magick

Magickal effects may be used either to disguise or to
discover security devices if the mage is actively using
magick to scan for them.

Spheres Needed to Locate Normal Security Devices

(Average difficulty: 7 or higher)

Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Forces 1 or Matter 1

Spheres Needed to Locate Magickal Devices

Entropy 2, Forces 2, Prime 1 or Spirit 2

Each of these magicks has a different effect; while
Correspondence may be used to "look around corners,"
Spirit magick could open negotiations with local spirits for
safe passage (of course, the spirits need not feel bound to tell
the truth...).

Mages must have some form of energy control, usually
gained at Sphere Rank Two, to disrupt most sensors. Note
that disruption of one sensor might trigger another.

Difficulty to Disrupt or Disable Sensors

Normal: 6 or higher

Magickal: 8 or higher

Appenix Two: Optional Creation System 181


Mage Errata

(or, "What We Missed")

Nobody, as they say, is perfect. A few errors got past us
on the first printing of Mage, and we've heard about it ever
since (especially from each other). Many of these mistakes
were caught and corrected in the second printing, but for
those of our fans who bought the first printing, we apologize
and offer the following corrections.

Now, could you please call off the damn H.I.T. Marks?
They're doing terrible things to my office...

Between Enemy Lines

Ever lay there half asleep all hours of the night

With some nagging demon tugging at that tiny bell

Inside your mind

When suddenly that strange idea

Bursts into an inspiration

You grab for it and then

The whole thing slips through your fingers

- Oingo Boingo, "Good for your Soul"

The following paragraphs were dropped from Chapter
Six, from the Traditions descriptions:

P. 128: Philosophy: What was once will one day be
again. People laugh at us because we employ formulas and
chants, but we know the power that is inherent in tradition.
What we do utilizes the True Forms of which Plato spoke.
We work with the fundamental principles of magick
throughout time: the laws of sympathy and contagion. How
can one understand that every movement we make, every
word we incant, every formula we inscribe has meaning not
just on one level, but on all levels? Our strength is the
strength of our Tradition, and we will never give it up.

P. 128: (From the bottom of the page) For once, the
Technocracy may be right, at least with regard to the Sons'
mental stability. There are whispers among the other
Traditions that some of the Sons' experiments have gone
horribly wrong. The Sons refuse to issue comment regard-
ing the rumors of a strange and foul case of spontaneous
generation in a Russian laboratory. The same rumors say
that the resulting obscenity is kept under lock and key by
the Tradition.

It might be noted that though the Tradition is named
the Sons of Ether, it does welcome female reality scientists
into its ranks. The women within the Tradition have been
campaigning for a revision of the name, with little success.

Paradox

The table on Page 172 is correct in regards to Paradox
(step 6); a botch rolled gains the mage an automatic point
of Paradox just for botching, plus ;

182 The Book of Chantries

- 2 points per die in the case of vulgar magic in front of
Sleepers,

- 1 point per die in the case of vulgar magick without
Sleeper witnesses, and

- 1 point per "1":
Paradox.

Some players have asked for a clarification of the
Paradox effect and resultant backlash. If it helps, this
explanation works as well as any;

's rolled in the case of coincidental

Botching a magick roll can be interpreted as "seeing
the wires" behind the magick. Warping the nature of
perceived reality "displaces" a certain amount of that
reality, a feat that requires a certain amount of faith.
Blowing your roll in front of witnesses wrecks suspension of
disbelief (even your own), and opens the door for Paradox
to fix your little red wagon.

Even alone, a mage is not immune to this effect. A
mage botching a roll could be thought of as a high-wire
artist who looks down at the wrong time. Even ifno one else
notices the botch, the mage is aware that she has blown it
("Oops..." splat!).

Tiptoe Through the Gauntlet...

On Pages 214-215, "stepping sideways" into the Near
Umbra is referred to, but no table is provided for the
difficulty of this feat. The table below is modified from
Werewolf: The Apocalypse.

Sphere Rank and Experience

The chart on Page 232 is correct regarding the points
needed to progress in Sphere rank. Storytellers should note
that characters could progress very quickly through the
ranks if experience points are awarded too generously
during play.

Place Difficulty
High-tech lab 9

Inner city

Most places
Rural countryside
Deep wilderness
Active Node
Powerful Node
Legendary Node

NwWRUA DO



Wire | WHITE i Wolfs
WOLF . wour lee

5

WHITE LF

4 Ze)
Ld, ;
WHITE) LF | WHITE WOLF | WHITE) LF | WHITE) LF

A

i= we
= Bak

i]

White Wolf * 4598B Stonegate Ind. Blvd. Stone Mountain, Georgia 30083


Be GEG AL LD LEN,

Beneath the Seas of Ash, through the Lost City X, in the twisting =
corridors of Doissetep or the steaming jungles of Moreauvia, mages ;
ply their trade. In custom-built Horizon Realms, these wizards
build Chantries, strongholds of their might and monuments to
their vanity.

C41 ,

Intrigue and betrayal, madness and hubris, greet visitors to these

hidden lands. The Path to Ascension takes many forms, and the

temptation to stray from one's chosen Path is strong. A mage is
never truly safe, even within the walls of her own Chantry.

The Book of Chat
age: The A

laces of power

Ten complete strongholds; Tradition Chantries,
Technocracy Constructs and Nephandi
Labyrinths, including over 40 NPCs.

A ready-to-run scenario starring Samuel
Haight, the werewolf skinner.

Complete rules for creating your own Chantry.

ISBN 1-565( 84-8
WW 4003 $18.00

ll

040
