# File: The Nocturnal.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

a
&

/ An Enemy Book forHuater: Vhe Reckoning)


Scanned

By Jusriy Acuittl, Mary McF arcann ano Mike Marts

as


Creoirs

Authors: Justin Achilli, Matt McFarland and Mike
Mearls. World of Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen.
Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein* Hagen
liffe

Developer: Ken C
Editor: Ed Hall
Hunter Roster Manager: John Meehan

Art Director: Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mike Chaney, Michael Gaydos, Vince
Locke, Eirich Olson, Chris Shy

Front Cover Art: Chris Shy

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

739 PARK NORTH BLYD.
& SUITE I28

PUBLISHING

White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

trademark or copyright concerned.

content. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for
the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
CLARKSTON, GA 30021 which may be reproduced for personal use only. White

Wolf, Hunter the Reckoning, Vampire the Masquer-
USA ade, Vampire and World of Darkness are registered

trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

reserved. Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter Sur-
vival Guide, Hunter the Walking Dead, Hunter Apocrypha, Hunter Players Guide, Hunter
Storytellers Handbook and Hunter the Nocturnal are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

hetp;//wwwavhite-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.

Ware Wour Hockey Speci T Havas
Chad "Two Point" Brown (#14, Wing), for waiting till
the last game of the season to get all his goals and assists.
Brian "Wookie" Glass (#
a line based on species.
Matt "Mad Hatter" Milberger (#7, Wing), for making
the whole team late for an important date... ora game.
Rich "Well Wisher" Thomas (#13, Defense), for sitting
in an improvised penalty box in his living room a
thousand miles away

Mike "Fred Is Doing Fine" Tinney (#11, Goal), for
getting to the "early" game within minutes.

Fred "15 Minutes" Yelk (#56, Defense and sometimes
Goal), for assuming the goalie position for, well, at least
eight minutes, till, like, the whole rest of the team could
get there.

4, Wing), for being assigned


Tapis of Gonvenrs

Procogue: Secrer's

InrroducON

Cuarren StESPINGHTHECAEMY
Carrer 2: WAkeNeD row vie Nigar MARE
Cunren3:Denneur Hoecrut

Caner 4:7 te Nicanrne Is Rent
Cann: A Nesr oF Veecrs
Cure: Benen Juan

Cunrien 7:Rucss ano Sronvistting



"We are what our situations hand us; it's either
sadness or euphoria."

Thaven't left my car for more than a minute in the last
four days. I eat from drive-through windows. I piss at gas
stations, I sleep in parking lots, usually in front of 24-hour
grocery stores

Some kinda life I've hacked out, isn't it?

"| believe there is a time for meditation in cathe-
drals of our own."

Tove this song. I wish I could tum it up, but then the
lyrics might change. I don't think I'll be sitting here too long,
anyway — just until her fare gets his bags into the cab

I feel like a stalker. I glance up into the rear-view
miror. My beard's grown out patchy and uneven. My eyes
are red-rimmed and baggy. My hair's shaggy. I normally
buzz it, but there hasn't been time.

Over the last few weeks, I've come to know this city
pretty well. Ever want to know the best ways to get around?
Follow a cabbie. They know the shortcuts, the scenic
routes, the back roads that no one ever takes. Of course,

Pi

I'm not using her as a tour guide. I'm using her as a rabbit.

I've always been comfortable in a car. When I was a
kid, my father made a run between Cleveland and Toledo
every weekend, visiting relatives. He took me along for
company. The first thing he'd do when we pulled onto I-80
was find a "rabbit" — some dude cruising at 70 or so,
preferably inared car. Dad would tail him, figuring that the
cops would pull over the other guy first, and we'd just drop
down to 55 and keep on truckin'. Most of the time, it
worked. Dad got busted on occasion, but he always laughed
it off. Dad liked to laugh

The cabbie pulls away from the curb and I follow
after a minute, watching her taillights and hoping she
won't notice me. She makes a right. I know where's she
going — the airport. I lag back. I can take my time, take
a different route, and at least that way I don't have to
worry about her noticing me. She might recognize me,
after all. She saved my life that night at the club. If she
hasn't noticed me after four days, though, I'd be very
surprised. Maybe she's called the police on me? }


they'd have picked me up. More likely she assumes I'm
one of them, and she's trying to figure out what to do
I really wish I could get out and talk to her, but if she
knew she was marked, I'm pretty sure she'd go to
ground. I can't force her hand — or theirs.

They don't respond well to being pushed. I found that
out two months ago. I actually confronted one of them. It
wasn't intentional. I just got angry. The noise subsided and
I'd gone the whole day without a nosebleed, so I decided to
treat myself, go to a club, have a drink, blah blah blah. I
went to a club I'd been going to for years. The illusion of
security, right? I knew that everything pre-Visitation was
an illusion, but somehow this club I had gone to was
sacrosanct. That turned out to be bullshit.

When I walked into the place, I thought the music
sounded weird. It wasn't a song I knew, though, so I paid
itnomind. Itwasn'tuntil | satdown and started a drink that
the lyrics started coming clear — "YOU'VE COME
HOME TO DEATH?" and other cheerful thoughts. And
then the throbbing behind my eyes, as it walked to the bar
from the men's room, wiping its mouth for God's sake. It
sat down next to me and the pain got worse. I didn't even
know I was bleeding until the bartender handed me a napkin
and asked if I was all right. I think I muttered something
about allergies

I was sitting there, next to it at the bar, dabbing at my
nose with anapkin. I'd had nosebleeds around them before,
and around some other folks that I guess were like me, folks
Icall listeners. But it had never been this bad. The guy was
eyeing me the whole time, and I finally figured out that he
wasn't watching me. He was watching the blood.

I felt sick. How the hell should I feel? How does a
mouse feel when a cat sizes it up? | tried to get up enough
courage to walk away, but I couldn't. I couldn't shake the
feeling that the guy would jump me and bite me, even
though I knew that was ridiculous. They like secrecy. The
more people scoff at the existence of vampires, the more
people they can feed on. I sat there at the bar thinking about
that, thinking that a year ago this guy might have started up
a conversation. Chatted me up. Played me at a game of
darts. And then, just when I felt like I hada friend, he'd sink
his fangs in and I'd be gone.

Normally, when I think about stuff like that I start to
hyperventilate and end up passing out. But this time, I just
got angry. I turned to the guy and held out the napkin. I
actually fought through the pain and blood enough to speak.

"What? Is this what you want?" The thing got up and
staggered back. | took it by surprise, I think. I should have
run, but I pressed it. "Still thirsty? I know what you do. I
know—" I think I meant to finish that sentence with "what
you are," but I couldn' t, because it slugged me. I'm not in
the best of shape on anormal day, and with my nose gushing
blood and one of them in my face, I'm near useless.

+ * *

I pull into a gas station and park. I get out to stretch my
legs. If the cabbie follows her pattern, she'll swing back to
her own neighborhood after she dumps her fare. She's been
driving all night, and she looked pretty wiped when she
picked up that last guy. If they're going after her tonight, it Il
be when she gets home, right before sunrise, right when she
starts to feel safe.

They do that. Wait until you're someplace that you've
been all your life, that you think of as "home." Then they
watch you. It isn't enough to just kill you, because they're
such paranoid fuckers. Instead, they have to know every-
thing about you — and your family. I've got 'em beat,
though. I don't have anybody they can use. But the cabbie
— she's got family and friends. I've been watching her,
after all. | know she's got a younger sister named Mona,
and from conversations she's had, I think her father's still
alive. I don't know how she feels about the other listeners
she's met, but I get a sense that most of them are pissed off
over the truth. The ones that go out and hunt. Not like me.
I'm more like an observer.

Shit, call a spade a spade. I'm more like a voyeur. But
it isn't because of any sick thrill. The last time I tried
anything, I actually flushed out the cabbie and her friends.
I'm probably the reason that thing at the club got away.

% * *

It hit me in the stomach and I doubled over. My nose
was bleeding like a damned faucet, and I thought it had
‘ruptured something when it punched me. The noise in my
head made fighting back impossible. The music cut off
suddenly, and I heard people running around, fighting,
screaming. I honestly thought I was going to die, and I knew
Thad made a serious mistake in taunting the thing. They like
to be silent, you know? When someone calls them out, they
panic and it all gets loud for a while. When the noise in my
head doubled and then quadrupled, I thought the thing had
friends. Turns out it was the cabbie and her friends.

She pulled me toward her cab. I was struggling to get
away — she must have thought I was panicking. Really, I
was trying to escape the pain. She shoved me into the back
seatand ran around to the driver's side. She probably meant
to take me to the hospital. But outside the club, I was far
enough away that my nose stopped bleeding and I could
think straight. So I opened the door again and I ran to my
own car. I doubt she got much of a look at me. But I
remember her. I remember everything.

*  &  «&

I get back into my car and turn up the music a notch.
It's Billy Joel's earliest live album. For some reason, its
lyrics are least likely to give me messages. Idon'tknowwhy.
I start heading toward the bridge. If she follows her usual
routine —a really bad idea, I think —she'll cross the bridge
and then I'll tail her home. If they want to hit her tonight,
it'll be ina few hours

I sit in a parking lot next the bridge and think about
vampires. It's funny how nobody wants to say that


word. I can zone out and listen to conversations a block
away — even see them happening — but the cabbie and
her friends tend to say "rots" or "bloodsuckers." Seems
tome like the horror is... diminished somehow if you call
them by their name. Secrecy's given them such an edge
for God knows how long. I wonder what they do besides
prey on us. They're obviously organized. Otherwise,
killing one wouldn't result in reprisals (which it defi-
nitely has in the cabbie's case). Do they have grand
balls, all dressed in Victorian clothes or three-piece
suits? Do they live like animals in the dirty parts of the
cities? So many superstitions filter up from the ghetto. Is
there a reason for that?

I start to hyperventilate before I realize it. My breath
catches in my throat. I reach to the back seat for my paper
bag, but I can't quite get it. I start to see stars. The music
slows down and seems far away. I'm going to black out.

Just before I do, I see the cab come over the bridge. Billy
is singing, "She's got a way about her," but as my head
slumps on the steering wheel, it sounds like, "SHE'S
GOING TO LIVE AN HOUR."

I come to with a start. I can't have been out long; the
noise is still present. She must be close. My watch tells me
it'sonly beenafew minutes. I pull out of the parking lot and
try to follow the pain.

* * %

I got to my car and watched as the other listeners —
maybe six of them — dragged the vampire from the club.
The cabbie looked around for me, and then pulled some-
thing out of her trunk. It looked like she'd taken a sledge-
hammer and stuck a wooden spike on the end of it. Then I
saw what she meant to do.

But she couldn' t go through with it. There were too
many people around. The vampire was pissed. I zoned out
and got a closer look. 1 could see its eyes turn this ugly
pink-yellow color. Six strong men — the cabbie was the
only woman — were holding onto it, but it actually lifted
four of them off the ground for a second as it struggled
The listeners were talking about getting him to "the
place," but then one of them yelled, "We can't, there's
too many people here!" Someone else yelled, "Abort!"
They all scattered. The cabbie threw her hammer into the
cab and took off. But the vampire looked really hard and
saw her plates. He knew her.

The cops showed up right after that. I stayed put. They
asked me some questions. I told them I got hit in the face
when the fight started and didn't know what happened. I
tried to look pathetic. That isn't hard for me. But the whole
time, talking to them, I was just waiting for the throbbing
tostart. How many cops work night shifts? How many are
slaves or vampires themselves?

Ifound "the place" abit later. It was a dumpster they'd
rigged. All the trash inside was soaked with gasoline. They
were going to stake him, then burn him. And I fucked it up.

+ > *

PROLOGUE: SECRET'S

It's hopeless. She's moving away from me, and I don't
know in what direction or how fast. The only thing I can do
is head for her neighborhood. I'm not far away now.
Getting there only takes 30 minutes or so

T hate this place. I hate the ghetto. I hate the dirty
streets, the filth, the loud music, the weird feeling of
danger all the time. What it must be to grow up ina
place like this!

I pull up to the curb near her building, hoping that
I'll soon see headlights and get that throbbing behind my
eyes. Then can pull away, circle back and get my rabbit
back in front of me. It could take some time, though. I
turn off the music and zone out. I want to look around
her apartment.

I drift up the stairs. There's a man sleeping in a ragged
armchair. Static shows on the TV — no cable, of course.
From his age and features, I guess him to be the cabbie's
father. That hits me — it was one thing to know he was
around. It's another to see him sleeping quietly while his
daughter is out risking her life to protect folks like him

I don't hear anything from the apartment except
his snores and the TV. I start to drift back to myself.
I'll wait in the car until sunrise and then I'll get some
breakfast. Maybe nothing is going to happen tonight
Maybe the voice I heard was just part of the panic
attack. It's happened before.

Thear a door creak. My attention snaps back to the
apartment. It's quiet, but I know what I heard. I float
through the place. It's small, so it doesn't take much
effort. I find the bastard in the cabbie's closet. It's nota
vampire. They rarely do their own dirty work. It's a
slave. I see them around sometimes. They look wrong,
but I don't know that they're to blame. I think the
vampires have a weird hold over them. Maybe some kind
of hypnosis. I don't know. But this guy has a gun on his
hip and a big knife in his hand. And he's not there for the
father, because he'd have killed him by now. He's there
for the cabbie. And that fact alone scares me.

Secrecy, right? That's what they want. They want
to do whatever it is that they do without folks like us
taking notice. So they won't usually kill us right off the
bat. They warn us. "Leave us alone or we'll do your
family." But the cabbie has a history. She's taken a few
of them out. And she's probably the one they know the
most about, because one of them read her plates. They
know where she lives, her routines — hell, they probably
know more about her than I do. But they're not giving
her a warning. She's scared them

So they're done playing with her. I can only imagine
what they've already put her through. The constant fear of
the ghetto — what's that compared to the fear of coming
home to find your father a bloodless corpse? She's been
swimming with sharks since day one, and suddenly | feel a
great rush of shame. She's swimming with sharks. I'm
watching from shore.


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

Ireach out to her. Idon't know where she is, but I have
to try and find her. I try to tell her that there's one of them
in her home. That should bring her running

I've only done this a few times. I concentrate on her,
try to imagine her as she is right now, driving her cab
somewhere nearby, looking forward to sleep. I picture
the scars on her face, the calluses on her hands. I see
myself sitting next to her in the cab. And I say, "Your
father is in danger."

A gunshot snaps me back into the present — and my
body. I don't think my message got through. My heart
pounds as I look up at the apartment. I don't hear
anything else. Gunshots in this neighborhood are pretty
commonplace, I imagine, but I have no idea where it came
from. I reach for the door handle. I stop. Images flash
through my mind. Bloodless corpse. Oh, Jesus. I reach
for the door handle. Stop. Family. Something runs down
my face and I think I'm bleeding for a second, but I'm
actually crying. I'm so fucking weak. Afraid. But I can't
let that man die. He's not a rabbit. He's just... a father.
Maybe he likes to laugh

I reach for the door handle and this time I open it. I
don't have any weapons, and I wouldn't know how to
use them anyway. I don't carry a cell phone. I can't call
for help. I lock my car and open the front door of the
building. That lock is long gone, not surprisingly. I climb
the stairs on legs made of pure lead. I try to breathe as

deeply as I can, because if I don't, I know I'll start to
hyperventilate. I push the cabbie's door open. My eyes
start throbbing immediately

Her father is lying om the floor. He's not in his chair
anymore. He must have heard something or got up and...
There's blood pooling under him. I think he's breathing. I
spot a phone and head for it, thinking to get an ambulance
here, but the slave finds me first

My nose is bleeding before he touches me. He picks me
up by my collar and shoves me against the ewall. The noise
and the throbbing nearly deafen me, but I hear what he says
clearly enough: "I've heard of you, bleeder-boy."

try to respond but only succeed in getting blood in my
mouth. He smirks and drops me. I can't stand. I reach into
my pocket for my only weapon. He grabs the seat of my
pants and heaves me across the room. I land next t0 the
cabbie's father.

"You really freaked out Case that night at the club,"
the slave says behind me. "He said that's never happened
before. Someone chumping him out like that. He wants to
meet you."

Oh, Jesus. I'd bleed to death, one way or another. I
reach over and shake the father's shoulder a bic. He moans:
Thank God for that

The slave turns me over and squats over my chest. If
he sits, I'm dead. I'll choke on my own blood. I finally find
my voice. "Let him go."

Bee
"Zz Z


"Huh?" it says.

"Let him go." The words hurt. My throat stings. I
snort blood back into my sinuses and immediately cough.
He gets up hurriedly, muttering something about his
shoes. I spit blood on the floor. I grab the chair and pull
myself up to standing. "Let him go," I repeat. "He's not
part of this."

The slave shrugs. Its blood makes horrible squishing
sounds in its veins. This is what I hear when I listen to
slaves. It's as though their masters slow them down
somehow. I don't know. It doesn't matter. I take my
opportunity. I pull out my only weapon, my last chance
—atiny makeup mirror. I hold it in front of him and say,
"Look at yourself."

I'mamazed I have the strength to doit. It's areal strain
atthe best of times. As weak as lam now, it's nothing short
of a miracle. But it works. He looks at the mirror almost
reflexively and sees what he really is

He staggers back, crying and gibbering. I can't under-
stand the words. He pushes himself into a corner, still
babbling and I realize that he's reciting the Lord's Prayer.
Instead of shame, for just a moment, I feel hope. Maybe I
can help this man. Maybe he can be set free. I reach for the
phone. I pick it up and hit 9, then 1...

And then comes the gunshot

Idrop like an anchor. My nose, sore and tender, starts
bleeding again. I turn over on my side and see the cabbie
withagun in her hand. The slave is dead — he's gota bullet
hole inhis face. The phone is next tome. I press I again and

pass out.

I wake up and immediately relish the feeling of inhaling
without tasting blood. It's dark. I touch my face and feel
thatmy cheeks are smooth. No hair. I listen but I don't hear
hospital sounds. My body doesn't ache, and strangely
enough, neither does my head. I sit up, fumble around a bit
and finally find a lamp. I'm in a small room with no
windows, on a bed with no sheets. The cabbie is sitting on

the edge of the bed. I must still be in her apartment. I expect
my nose to start bleeding, but it doesn't. My eyes throb a
bit, but it isn't too bad.

"Hi," lwhisper. [realize I' venever really spoken to her before

"How's your nose?" she asks. Her tone is quiet, but her
voice shakes slightly.

"Oh, it's fine. I didn't get hurt, really." I try to recall
what happened and then I remember her father. "How's
your..." I trail off. She's already shaking her head:

"Inintensive care. Which we can' tafford. He mightlive
through it, but I don't know what to tell him." Her posture
changes. I think she gets a little defensive. My head starts to
hurt a bit more

"I need to go," I stammer. "I'm sorry for what happened—"

"Sorry? Yousaved his life. Probably mine, too. lowe you."

I shake my head. "No. It was really..." I stop. I think
I was going to say, "really my fault thatit happened," but I'm
afraid to. I know how quickly she killed that guy last night
Instead, I say, "It was really nothing. You'd have done the
same for me." Then I'm up and looking for my clothes.

The body isn't on the floor anymore, but the police must
nothave come. If they had, I'd be in the hospital, too. Idecide
not to ask. People getting shot must be old news to her. I've
never even held a gun.

"Hey," she says. "If you ever need help

"Yeah." I try to smile. It isn't easy

"My name's Lupe."

Tturn to her. I open my mouth to tell her my name, but
it doesn't come. Finally I say, "Mine's Billy." She smiles at
that. Guess I don't look much like a "Billy," but what the
hell. "I'll see you around." I open the door, then turn. "So
will they, you know." She nods. There are tears in her eyes
I close the door. I can't stand to see strong people cry

I walk down the stairs and think about secrecy. It's what
makes the bloodsuckers strong. They can get away with
anything because nobody believes in them. Secrecy's their
weapon. You'd think honesty and solidarity would be ours
I can't even tell Lupe my name

PROLOGUE: SECRETS



And thy life shall hang in doubt before thee; and thou shalt
fear day and night, and shalt have none assurance of thy life

— Deuteronomy 28:66

Unoer Gover oF Darkness

Vampires haunt the imagination as our deepest
fearsand desires —evil, lust, power and passion —given
human-seeming form. They'te devils, monsters and
sometimes even the tragically cursed. They were once
human, but now they rise by night to prey upon those

who still breathe. The notion of these bloodsucking
beasts pervades human culture and history. Indeed, the
image of such beings has become so commonplace that
the concept of vampires is almost synonymous with the
term "monster." Notions of what the undead are, what
they crave and what they are vulnerable to have worked
themselves into the collective unconsciousness. We all
think of the same things when the name "Dracula"
comes to mind.

The same is true in the World of Darkness, a reality
that's a mere shade removed from our own. Its people
conjure up the same images of vampires that we do.
That means hunters — people abruptly and painfully
awakened to the truth of monsters' existence — also
approach bloodsuckers' existence with the same pre-
conceptions. But in the World of Darkness, vampires
aren'ta myth, legend or mere subconscious expression
of inner desires. They're real. They've existed for

millennia. And because these beasts really do lurk in
the shadows, what "understood" aspects of their nature
are accurate? What images of them have been fabri-
cated to keep their existence asecret? And what stories
about them give an aware mortal just enough informa-
tion to get himself killed when dealing with the undead?

The fact is the imbued know nothing and can take
nothing for granted about vampires, their nature or their
very existence. These beings have eluded humanity and
pulled society's strings for so long that mortals compre-
hend little to nothing about what nightcrawlers are
really like. Popular myths may have once derived from
fact, maybe even facts known by living people in human
history, such as during the Inquisition, but time and
mortality have taken their toll on these precious morsels
of wisdom such that they are now mere glimmers of what
they were. And that fragmented information is all that
hunters have to work with today. They're confronted
with the reality of the undead and left to arm themselves
against that horrifying revelation with only rumors and
Hollywood portrayals

At least, that's how hunters' experiences with vam-
pires and forays against them may begin. If the chosen
are lucky enough to survive such encounters, they may
learn from their hard knocks which legends about blood-

oO


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

suckers are real and which are patently false. From these
trials, the imbued may glimpse something of what blood-
suckers really are, how far their influence extends and
what some of their vulnerabilities may be. But, of course,
such discoveries are still only the tip of the iceberg.
Beings as ancient as these predators must protect un-
imaginable secrets and partake in shadow plays that not
even imbued eyes can witness. Indeed, if hunters can
achieve any successes in saving or destroying vampires,
maybe those creatures faced are only the weakest or
"youngest" of their kind. Surely, the oldest and most
deadly have existed for ages, possess immense power by
virtue of their longevity and cunning, and put into
motion plans that operate on levels inconceivable by
any mortal given our grasp of time.

And yet, despite the insurmountable odds against
them, what choice do the imbued have but to do
something about the nightcrawlers and leeches that they
spot in the streets, in nightclubs and in positions of
mortal authority? Monsters are out there, stalking, mur-
dering and corrupting unwitting people — loved ones.
What choice do the chosen have but to confront and
stand up to these children of the darkness, perhaps even.
at the cost of hunters' lives?

Piercing vHe Nighy

Hunter: The Nocturnal explores hunters' ordeal
when they face the mysteries and terror of vampires.
This book illustrates the confusion, misunderstanding
and outright paranoia thatarises for both the chosen and
undead when they discover and contend with each
other. Ideally, Nocturnal helps you as a player under-
stand the kinds of reactions to bloodsuckers, their
minions, their capabilities and their influence that your
imbued character may have. The book also answers
many of the questions about bloodsuckers that plague
players and hunters. Possible truths of nightcrawler
origins and goals are revealed. Yet, the fact that these
"disclosures" are made by hunters struggling through
their own ignorance, and by the very things that hunters
contend with makes such discoveries extremely dubious
— as are all revelations in the World of Darkness.
Hunters who take the "truth" with a grain of salt, or who
look for truths within the truth, might just survive.

Nocturnal also helps Storytellers understand how
the undead might respond to the hunter phenomenon
and its possible threat. (Only "possible" because the
human masses have been kept in the dark about vampire
existence for centuries. So how is it that a handful of the
cattle could suddenly know the truth and dare to use
their knowledge against their betters?) Storytellers can
also find all kinds of story ideas throughout. Lies and
schemes perpetrated by the Other Side might lead
hunters to weak or raging enemies that need to be dealt
with, or to imbued self-discovery. Or, contact with the

unliving might lead the imbued into traps as leeches
further their own agendas at the expense of the chosen.

The Nocturnal tells three stories about hunter and
vampire interaction, each told in two parts:

Chapter 1: Sleeping with the Enemy reveals just
how subversive and subtle bloodsuckers can be, and how
firm a grasp they can have over almost any mortal
institution or endeavor, all from a skewed yet realistic
hunter perspective.

Chapter 2: Awakened from the Nightmare ex-
plores a possible hunter first contact with vampires, and
the creatures' awareness of mortal failings and fears.

Chapter 3: Dead but Hopeful gives a hint of the
vampire take on immortality, and on discovering and
working with hunters, even if such mortals remain
strange and misunderstood.

Chapter 4: The Nightmare Is Real is part two to
"Sleeping with the Enemy" and shows the same events
of manipulation and plotting from the bloodsucker
point of view

Chapter 5: A Nest of Vipers continues "Awak-
ened from the Nightmare" and suggests how even hunters
can become the pawns of the undead — to be used and
discarded at the creatures' whim.

Chapter 6: Better Judgment completes the story
begun in "Dead but Hopeful," following organized hunt-
ers' response to the existence of leeches and examining
undead existence from the imbued perspective.

Chapter 7: Rules and Storytelling is intended for
Storytellers alone. It offers tips and guidance on how to
understand and portray the undead in your Hunter
chronicle and embellishes upon information provided
in the core rulebook and in the Storytellers Compan-
ion. This chapter (indeed, this whole book) operates
under the tenets for depicting bloodsuckers explored in
the article "Building Better Monsters" in the Hunter
Storytellers Handbook (p. 47). That is, vampires don't
have to be grotesque abominations or unfathomable
puppet masters to tertify hunters and their players. The
leeches shown here are frightening for their lingering
ties to humanity — for the aspects of a soul to which they
cling. They are only a step away from those imbued who
are prepared to commit any act or make any sacrifice in
the name of the hunt. These vampires are horrific not for
what they are but for what they're prepared to do, and for
how easy it would be for hunters to become metaphori-
cal monsters of a similar sort.

Ultimately, this book is meant to allow you to
capture the mood and feel of the undead as portrayed in
Vampire: The Masquerade, without having to own
that game. It certainly helps if you want to capture the
breadth of vampires' existence, society and machina-
tions in your chronicle, but it's not necessary. In fact,
you could take all the information about leeches pre-


sented here and cast them any way you like, with an
origin, purpose and unlife all of your own creation. That
way, they're your antagonists alone and are nothing that
players familiar with the other Storyteller games have
ever seen before. It's your chronicle

Source Maveriats

A lot of stuff about heroic people who deal with
the undead (usually in a manner that proves fatal to
some or all participants) is available. We've tried to
avoid silly or over-the-top sources in compiling this
list. Hunter is about regular folks facing a suddenly
monstrous world. They're scared, yet they do some-
thing anyway. We've tried to pick out movies and
books that emphasize that very real resolve and brav-
ery — Hunter's theme.

Tomb of Dracula — The Marvel comic from the
1970s. Check out Gene Colan's art for its own sake. The
comic focuses on Dracula, the biggest vampire stereo-
type around, but also details the mortals who hunt him.
Ultimately, all the characters — Dracula included —
are heroes (or dark heroes), but their antagonism en-
dures nevertheless.

Lust for Blood: The Consuming Story of Vampires, by
Olga Hoyt. A good resource for folks who want to learn
about the history of vampires in folklore (not just
European) and literature.

Anne Rice's Interview with the Vampire and The
Vampire Lestat. A no-brainer. These books make vam-
pires sexy in a modern context, and the historical
flashbacks are very evocative

J. Sheridan LeFanu's "Carmilla." Here's how you
exist for centuries: by hiding and reinventing yourself.
This story is also very sensual and spooky.

Frederick Cowles' "The Vampire of Kaldenstein."
What a bunch of monstrous degenerates these guys are!

John Polidori's "The Vampyre: A Tale." Despite
the aftermath of lace and capes, this story pretty much
establishes the core ideals of the modern vampire.

Bram Stoker's Dracula. Duh.

Irvine Welsh's Trainspotting. Unpleasant, seedy
characters. Swap out the heroin for blood and poof!
Instant vampires! The movie also stands as a good film
translation, a rarity.

F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby. An excel-
lent book, stylistically (Fitzgerald describes his
characters through their actions, showing rather than

telling), and its social commentary is certainly appli-
cable to vampire society.

Tom Wolfe's The Bonfire of the Vanities. A nest of
high-society vipers and what they do when things go
awry — exactly what happens when hunters throw a
wrench into undead schemes.

Hunter S. Thompson's Fear and Loathing in Las
Vegas and Hell's Angels. Welcome to what could easily
be the wild, unfettered side of vampire existence. The
Fear and Loathing movie is actually better than you
heard.

John Berendt's Midnight in the Garden of Good and
Evil. Very Southern, but also very gothic in the sense
that Vampire illustrates: rife with corruption and rotten
from within.

Blade. Um, see, there are these 13 cla— er, houses,
right? And they have mortal minions called ghou— uh,
familiars. Oh well. The vampires in Blade are certainly
very sexy and ultra-modern-hip-cool, plus Steven Dorff's
performance is excellent. Also, New Order is on the
soundtrack and can be heard during the phenomenal
opening scene, so you can't go wrong

The Crow. Despite spawning a legion of fiendishly
made-up LARP kids, this is a scummy, noisy, vibrant,
violent, druggy and even somewhat gothic hell ofa good
time, with kickass sets to boot. Michael Wincott gives
a sterling performance as Top Dollar

The Replacement Killers —Mainly the openingscene.
You can bet that when vampires walk into a nightclub
and some grade-A whup-ass starts to happen, there's
going to be some Crystal Method playing really loud.
And most of the movie's characters are World of Dark-
ness-style scumbags.

The Godfather, The Godfather: Part Il and Goodfellas.
Treachery! Greed! Death! Sex! If you don't like these
movies, there's something wrong with you. Every ele-
ment of these movies can be adapted to suit Hunter and
to capture various aspects of vampire unlife.

The Hunger. A bit dated, but excellent nonetheless
Two creepy vampires ply their trade in New York as
Bauhaus leers at the camera.

John Carpenter's Vampires. Again, the strongest part
of the movie is its opening scene; it gets kinda action-
campy afterward. That opening scene is quality, though,
and gives an unsettling feeling for a "nest" of vampires.
The head vampire, Valek, is really sinister in an over-
the-top "bad dude" way.

INTRODUCTION


Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy command-
ment, and will not hearken unto thy words in all that thou
commandest him, he shall be put to death

— Joshua 1:18

Turspay, January 9

Anybody who tells you quitting junk is no big deal
isa goddamn liar. Quitting is the easy part — you've got
about three days worth of pissing, shitting and puking
And maybe a hard-assed'week or two of depression
afterward.' The hard part is getting back intoaworld that
doesn't want you. You can lie about it, but anybody who
gives a damn is going to check you out, and you can bet
that your 13 counts of petty theft and subsequent sus-
pended sentences in lieu of methadone treatment are
going to turn up.

"Have you ever been convicted?"

"Why, yes. Thirteen counts of stealing shit to sup-
port my heroin habit, sir. Is that going to affect my
chances of getting the job?"

"Um... no. We're an equal-opportunity employer.
We don't care about things like that. Don't let the door
hit you on the ass on your way out."

And on top of it, I have to keep this "recovery log"
to show my probation officer and counselor that I'm
serious about getting better. It's like I'm 14 again and I
have to prove I'm learning something in health class.
Dear Mrs. Finnegan: I promise to wear a condom when
I go up in Heather Cole this weekend.

I don't expect a lot of sympathy. I mean, I did all
the stuff I was accused of, and more. My decision and
all that. The point here is that it would be easier just to
give up. Get back on the skag and catch AIDS froma
dirty needle or get picked up for possession and catch
AIDS from my cellmate in lockup. Or maybe just die
on the junk. I hear that's still possible these days.
Anyway, I'm trying.

Yuunspay, January ii

I won't be working in the men's department of
Macy's at Herald Square. I won't be a bank teller,
record shop employee, hotel bellman or pizza jock
anywhere near Herald Square. Nothing like getting
job-refusal postcards from everybody in one day to
really make you feel like a loser. Maybe Lou Reed needs
a guitar understudy.

I have two interviews today. We'll see what hap-
pens. It's getting kind of pathetic. Maybe I'll become a
bum. I hope the bum's local hands out pay stubs so I can
prove I'm working
MonDay, January i5

A janitor. I'm a janitor. I'm not even the head
janitor. I'm the one white guy in a bunch of Mexicans
whose job it is to clean up the shit other white guys leave


lying around. Two years ago I could have been one of
those white guys. But now I'm one of the Mexicans.

The company's one of the contractors working for
the Richard Meier architecture group. I'm on the night
detail — the shit shift. Nine to five, but not the button-
down nine to five. More like the sweeping up nine tofive
guess they need someone to make sure the place is clean
after they leave and right before they get in. It sounds like
they come in pretty early, is why I say. All those contract-
ing types who live in Jersey probably want to miss all the
traffic and take lunch at hours when they don't have to
fight the power-suits for deli space. Still, it takes me back
tomy daysof substance abuse. Those were the prime hours
for creeping around town, stealing radios out of cars and
cooking up junk in God knows whose one bedroom
apartment with no doors. You see some pretty unsettling
things in those hours. I hope the steady employment will
keep that sort of weirdness to a minimum. Still, I'ma bit
worried. Not everybody from the ol skag crew took the
dive at the same time as me, and some didn't get picked
up at all. That means they're still out there. And that
means I still have a line on junk, if I break down and
decide I need another hit to keep going.

Hopefully the Mexicans will help me keep an eye
out for myself. They'll report me if I start falling down
(that is, shooting up) on the job. None of them speak
any English, anyway, so it's not like they'll have heard
about my sketchy history. [don't think I could take that.
It's a dark day when Mexicans can look down on you.

Weoxespay, January 31

Okay, so they're not Mexicans. Maybe one or two
are, but most of the night crew is Puerto Rican, with a
handful of Dominicans and some Cuban refugees I guess.
| figured that out from listening in on their conversa-
tions. The old high school Spanish lessons were enough
to let me know that they weren't talking about me,
which gave me more respect for them. Sure, that's the
funkie's curse, thinking tharjust because yourselfich-ase
iS'ar the center of your own world is por to be at the
center of everyone else's, too. It really gave me some
grounding in humility. What do they care about this
white boy, so longas he does his job and doesn't bring the
rest of the crew down with him?

Lactually hit it off with a few of the people on my
detail, mostly because we're creeped out by the same
night shift boss for the architect's side of things. We get
along fine with the security guys, and even the electri-
cians and plumbers are good guys, what with us night
shifters just trying to get paid. But the Meier guy gives
everyone the creeps. His name is Arturo, so I thought he
was maybe on terms with the Mexicans, but that's just
my old prejudices coming out again. Oh, and that
they're not all Mexicans.

He'sa weird guy. He never blinks. He has this weird
way of moving — like every step he takes isan effort, but

he makes it look casual. Almost like when you see him
move, he wants you to know he has a purpose but it's
none of your business. It's also unsettling that he watches
us. I mean, | never figured that any of the white collar
types ever really gave a fuck about the people emptying
their trash cans or shining their shoes. Maybe that's
more prejudice (or reverse prejudice? | don't know).
Maybe it's junkie empathy. But I'm a janitor, for God's
sake, so why should the most important guy on the night
crew care about what I'm doing?

Anyway, that's what brought me and some of the
others together. Arturo walked by, hard look on his face,
cocking an eyebrow at us. When he left the room, Ynez
said something like, "There goes the shark." Everybody
had a good laugh, including me, because | understood
the joke, and they all looked at me. At first I thought it
was because they were worried that I had been eaves-
dropping on them all along, but it was because they
didn'tknow I spoke any Spanish. Or maybe they thought
I was deaf or mute or something. Anyway, Hector said,
"So you notice it, too," this time in English, and I
answered him that, yeah, Arturo's a real piece of work.
Then did an imitation of him walking. I bugged my eyes
out like I was watching everyone. We all had another
good laugh at the architect's expense. It was brief, and
we all got back to work pretty quickly, but it was one of
those common ground situations that just make you feel
good. It wasn't really like I needed to be accepted by
these people, but it let me know that I wasn't alone, if
only for a little while. That's a good feeling when you
don't really have a lot of trust coming your way.

Speaking of which, god damn I want a hit.

After the shift that morning, Hector and | caught
some breakfast on the way to the train. That's how I
figured out where everyone came from. He told me who
came from where, who lived where, who had families and
who was single — the whole sort of "welcome to the team"
shit that no one really bothered to give me before. I told
him a little about myself — nothing about the drugs, but
about my folks' place in Stuyvesant Town and my original
plans to become a teacher until stuff in my personal life
made it impossible for me to go to school. Hector just
shook his head and said that itwasa shame that I'd lost the
opportunity. So many people living in the city don't even
get that kind of opportunity in the first place, he said. His
own father had a successful building company in Mexico
(he was one of the legitimate Mexicans in the crew).
When the family saved enough money to chase the
American Dream, it turned out that the only place they
could rent a place was in East Harlem. Hector was even
one of the few naturalized Mexicans in the city, but it
turns out that the only place most of the Latin population
can find work is in service or hospitality.

That's fucked up. I consciously chose to make my
place at the bottom. Hector had it put on him. I headed


home that night feeling really guilty, and for some
reason I couldn't help but think of Thomas Arturo. Kind
of like I blamed him for Hector's situation.
Tussbay, Feprugry 20

Things have been getting better, and worse.

First off, my cravings are way down. If I think about
heroin, I start feeling like | could use another shot, but
ifldon'tpay ittoo much attention, it just sits on the back
burner. [don't think youcan ever be a 100% "cured," but
youcan get better and I feel like that's happening. I'm off
the methadone, now, too, and just trying to make it day
to day. This Sunday, I woke up at 9:30 in the morning.
I didn't even know Sunday had a 9:30.

That's the good news. The bad news is that
something's definitely up with Arturo and it's been
getting in the way of me doing my job. I just can't be near
the guy. You know how sometimes a dog just raises its
hackles for no reason? It just starts bristling and snarling?
I feel that way around Arturo. I mean, I'm not threaten-
ing him or baring my teeth or any crazy shit like that, but
the more [ have to be around him, the more I can just feel
that he's weird

It's fucked up. I can't quit, because they'll put me in
jail. The custodial company has a contract with Meier
through till the building is finished, and then they have
an option to continue the service. The guy in charge of
our account with Meier, Mr. Rifkind, has obviously
worked with the company (or maybe Arturo) before,
because he's always telling us how important it is to
make sure that work is done well and how much this
account means to Brightways Custodial Services. I'd say
he's sodamn jolly about it because he never has to spend
time in the "shark tank," which is what we call the site
when Arturo's on. It's not that, though, because I've
seen Rifkind and Arturo talking and they get along just
fine. We pretty much scuttle around the place and run
whenever we feel Arturo coming, like cockroaches
scatter when you turn on the light.

It's hard to pinpoint what it is — there's just
something wrong with the guy. I've never been locked
ina room with a lion, but I have this weird idea that it
wouldn't be much different. He has an edge about him,
anditmeans trouble. I mean, I'm no fighter, but I've had
to take care of myself before, and that's why it's so
strange that I get this heavy vibe off this guy. Itmakes me
laugh when I'm away and thinking about it, but there's
absolutely nothing funny about it when I'm trapped on
the site with him.

Sarunpay, Fepnuany 24

It's fucking cold outside, but I went over to Hector's
house today. It's his daughter's birthday. She's six. It was
nice, with an ungodly amount of food that Hector's wife
Clara made, a bunch of kids from around their place, and
even apinyata. I've never seen that sort of thing for real

before. All the adults from the apartments came over to
celebrate, too, and to have a few drinks. I really admire
Hector. He busts his ass to get his work done and while
I''msure he makes more money than me (he's been there
longer), he's not rich. He takes care of his family,
though. Me, I spend my money on whisky and dirty
magazines, so there you go. I think Clara works at the
Mark Hotel, but neither one of them is taking down big
figures and they just sacrifice so much so their kid
have a good life. I've still got selfishness in spades — old
habits die hard —and I can't imagine saving a dime from
one check to the next. I'm still not confident enough to
date (well, anyone other than a jabber, that is, but I
don't want to risk falling back into the scene). Seeing
how happy Hector and his family are gives me hope.
Thursday, March 8

Holy shit. Rosendo died tonight. He was one of the
Cubans. I'm not sure about all the details, but I know he
fell down the elevator shaft, down 15 floors. I was doing
the windows on nine when I heard the crash. It ¥
weird. He didn't scream on the way down or anything.
There'snoactual elevators in those shafts right now, just
the ones the builders are using, so 1 don't even know
what he was doing in there. The only reason leven know
it was him was because a bunch of us heard the racket
and ran down to the lobby.

It was one of the most disgusting things I'd ever
seen. | always figured that you'd lose a lot more blood
than that, but it wasn't some big, messy splatter. He
looked like a rag doll down there, all folded up over
himself. I was glad I couldn't see his face. I don't think
I could have handled it.

The weirdest part, though, wasn't why it happened.
It was the way the police handled it. Arturo was on duty
and the cops talked to him. That's fair enough, |
because there weren't any real witnesses who saw what
happened. Still, it was strange how quick the police
came and went. The ambulance loaded up Rosendo's
body, the cops took a statement from Arturo and then
it was all over. The whole thing must have wrapped up
in less than 20 minutes. I guess nobody cares when some
Cuban takes a dive in New York. I'm sure they're all
thinking, "It's not like there aren't two million others to
take his place."

We all got the rest of the night off, but that was cold
comfort, if at all. I needed a drink pretty bad. Things
shook me up more than | could admit at the time, maybe
because of shock. I mean, I'm still amazed now that it's
the next day, but I've got a splitting fucking headache
from my hangover. I'm going to talk to Mr. Rifkind
tonight and see what the deal was. Maybe they'll set up
some kind of memorial that I can give some money to.
I know he had an ex-wife and that their boy lived with
her. That's got to fuck you up, to hear about something

guess,


| never really mentioned what a tragedy it was, just our

HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

like that happening to your ex-husband. Then again, I
don't know his ex from Adam. Hell, maybe she set the
whole thing up as an insurance scam. Weirder shit has
happened in New York City

Frupay, March 9

And I thought yesterday was strange. Tonight was
downright bizarre.

The first thing that happened once everyone clocked
in was Rifkind gathered us all up and made some kind of
statement about Rosendo's death. It was almost like a
press release or a media statement or something. He
reminded us that accidents happen in the work place
and that it's up to each and every one of us to make sure
we're following proper safety procedures. Most of them
come down to common sense, blah blah blah... but he

duty not to have shit like that happen to us.

He also announced that everyone would have $50
worth of bonus money when we picked up our pay that
night. The best part was that it wasn't going to be on our
check 50 cash. No taxes. No fees. I'm sure it
worked on some people, but I'm notso stupid that I don't
know blood money wh
shut the hell up about the whole deal if anybody came
sniffing around.

en I see it. This was our bribe to

He

I looked at Hector but he d
knew I was looking at him.

idn't meet my eye

a=

I left work early, claiming that I was sick. Mr
Rifkind put his hand on my shoulder when I picked up
my check and nodded his head. "I know what you mean,
son," he said, with a smile that I'm sure was supposed to
look like compassion or consolation. What a bastard.

I took the 50 and scored. I needed it. Fuck it. [don't
have to work again until Monday. Maybe I shouldn't
have written that down in here. Then again, this is
supposed to be a recovery journal, right? I'm allowed to
fail here and there.

Well, it doesn't matter, because the junk was like
poison. I had been out of touch for too long and couldn't
get anyone who was still in the scene to talk to me, so I
had to buy fucking pills and crush them up before
cooking them. It wasa total fucking ghetto scene. I could
see the garbage in the hypo as I spiked myself. Low rent
junkie skag. I just knew that some bit of that crap was
going to lodge in my heart or tear open a vein or
something and I was going to die in my apartment. Still,
it worked like a charm and I checked out. I'm only now
able to hold my hand still enough to write this. Falling
off the wagon and all that, or maybe onto it. | never
really understood what meant what.

Monbay, Marcu i2

Something's up.

We had another meeting at the start of the shift
tonight. All I wanted to do was clean the bathrooms,


because I came off a hard fucking weekend. The junk
wrecked me. I was sick all Saturday and Sunday and only
started feeling functional around Monday noonish. It
even made me start wondering if what went on was real.
Imean, Ican't particularly trust myself. I'm notsupposed
tobe doing junk, but then the moment things start to get
freaky, I'm back with the Velvet Underground.

That's what made the meetingall the more strange.
[halfway believed that I dreamed everything up to that
point. Then Rifkind said that we'd be taking up a
memorial fund, and that Brightways was going to send a
wreath to Rosendo's family. He was being sent back to
Puerto Rico where he could be buried in his native land,
seeing as how he was never naturalized and most of his
biological family lived there.

Bullshit. Rosendo was Cuban. Either Rifkind's the
most insensitive fucking bigot who's ever ordered a
bunch of spics to empty garbage cans, or something's
going on that's not entirely on the up and up.

I thought I might be cracking up again, so I caught
up with Hector on the way home. I thought that maybe
[didn't remember Rosendo's home right, or maybe his
family was split between two countries. Fuck, I was
looking for any excuse to make sense of it. There's the
junky selfishness again. The guy's dead and I'm trying to
sott it all out so I feel better. Hector didn't want to talk
about it, and he kept looking away like he did in the
conference room last Friday. He said that he felt the
same way I did, that Rosendo's family would be embar-
rassed if they found out that Rifkind thought he was
Puerto Rican.

I can't say that I understand that, but it confirmed
something I hadn't completely understood. Even if it
was a mistake, somebody in payroll or benefits would
have caught it.

Tussbay, March i3

Hector got fired tonight. Arturo was on the site.
Rifkind called Hector in for a word and next thing I saw
(Iwas doing the drywall bins on nine —] better learn to
avoid that floor) was him walking off the site and closing
the chain-link gate behind him. I called down to him
and he looked up, but when he saw it was me, he just
turned away.

1 don't know what he's going to do. I mean, he's a
stand up guy. He won't have any problems finding work,
but I mean, what's he going to do about Rosendo? The
guy knows something is going on. He must have said
something to Rifkind last night or complained to the
main office. Instead of fixing the situation, they fired
him. What kind of message is that supposed to send to
the rest of us?

I need... no, I need a drink. I can hang on until the
end of the shift. All I have to do is ride the train home
and pour myself a nice shot.

CHAPTER {SLEEPING WITH THEENEMY

Hell, I don't even know what I'm talking about
Maybe Hector complained about some OSHA code or
something and it was easier to fire him than fix the
problem. Maybe they were hoping nobody else noticed
it. I don't know. Maybe Hector was just putting on a
front of being a good guy and they caught him filing
crooked insurance papers. Jesus, maybe they found dope
in his locker. I don't know. Maybe he quit instead of
getting fired.

Still, it's strange. One guy dies and another gets a
pink slip. Nobody else is going to say anything. They're
soscared they'll lose their jobs. I'm not going tospeak up.
I mean, it's sad about Rosendo, but there's not really
anything I can do about it, is there?

[heard Arturo talking to Rifkind while Iwas putting
away the cart, right at the end of the shift. Rifkind said
that everything had been taken care of. Hector's em-
ployment was terminated and he was made to know in
no uncertain terms... something something something
[know I maybe should have hung around more to find
out what was going on, but, hey, how many people does
it take before the lesson sinks in?

Ynez wouldn't let me have any of her homemade
gingersnaps. She said my hands were dirty. | have no
idea what that means, but something tells me that
I'm walking a fine line here. The rest of the Latins
aren't giving off any personal warmth in my direc-
tion and I've seen what the company will do if I step
out of line. If I'm fired, I go to jail. If I quit, I go to
jail. If the crew rats me out for anything, | go to jail.
If | hang around and do something... see, that's it. I
don't even know what I could do, but it's obvious
that something's up.

Then it occurred to me: Rosendo saw something. 1
don't know what, but the pieces fit together. Maybe the
shark was doing something he wasn't supposed to, or
maybe it was Rifkind. Nobody falls down an elevator
shaft that doesn't have an elevator in it. There's no
reason to even be in the shaft. Something happened to
Rosendo. Somebody did that to him. Hector called
them on it and they sacked him because they could. It's
not like the police are going to believe some cr
Mexican making up stories about bosses shoving jani-
tors down elevator shafts. The guy's been fired. He
obviously bears a grudge. Maybe he even tried to get a
few bribes and when the company refused to play his
game, they fired him. What's the motiv

Idon't think this is junkie paranoia. Even if itis, it
doesn't mean I'm wrong. Damn, the whole thing gives
mea feeling that the walls are closing in on me. What's
today, Tuesday? I can duck out tomorrow night. I need
to take this edge off. I'll just buy 20's worth and come
up in time for a half-shift tomorrow. I'll tell them I've
got to bring something to my mother. I don't know. I


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

need to handle this and not get sent back to jail or to
the bottom of an elevator shaft.

Weowespay, Marcu 4

That all went wrong. I only had 20 or maybe 30
bucks worth. Shot some of it. It was actually really pure.
Not like that crap Jimmy usually has (note to probate
officer: Names have been changed to protect the guilty).
The stuff that comes up from Mexico or that crosses the
pond from Pakistan through Liverpool.

Check me out. I'm a gourmet heroin connoisseur.
Unfortunately, I'm a homeless heroin connoisseur. I
guess the stuff got from Jimmy was so pure that one hit
sent me under. I passed out. I guess the landlady came in
for some reason (stupid nosy Jew) and found me there on
my mattress. My gear was all over the floor — spoon,
matches, hypo, powder — and she kicked me until I
woke up and told me to get out.

Now that I say it, I don't even know that she's a Jew.
Maybe she's Armenian or something. Whatever. She
threw my ass out in the street. Luckily, I don't have
anything worth stealing. I shoved all my clothes and this
dirty Brightways uniform into my bag, and took my
whisky bottle and a handful of CDs with my Discman. All
I left was the mattress, some shampoo and a broken TV.

Anyway, I took all my stuff to the Brightways office
and shoved it all in my locker. | felt like shit. The junk
was still in me by the time I got my crap and left the
building, and I was six hours early for my shift. Colleen
at the counter looked at me weird but I told her I had
something to drop off in town before I started my shift
and didn't want to be late. Six hours to kill before my
eight hours of swimming with the shark.

Maybe I can find an apartment in six hours.

This is where the casual user thinks to himself,
"Why didn't he just go stay with his parents?" Well,
listen to this casual user: When you shoot heroin and go
to jail and your parents have to bail you out and you
report to your probation officer and, most important,
not only do you still use heroin, but you're on it right
now, your parents don't want to fuckingsee you. Neither
does the receptionist at your office. Neither does the
dead guy at the bottom of the elevator shaft, or the guy
who got fired for knowing that someone pushed him.
The Mexicans don't want you, the Armenian Jews don't
want you. Nobody wants you, and you certainly don't
want yourself. But there, you see, you're screwed most.
Of all those people, you're the only person who has to
have you.

That's when it hit me: I could sleep on the site for a
few days

Itwould be a temporary thing, just until I could pick
upa paycheck (and more important, the pay stub) at the
end of the week and use it to show employment soa new
landlord would lease to me. I could read the work orders

a>

when I emptied the trash cans in the site manager's
trailer at night, so I'd know which floors the crews would
be working on during the day and avoid them. Some of
the units were finished and I could take a shower there
before turning up for my shift. I's not squatting —
sometimes the site managers sleep in their trailers. I'd
just be taking a little rest between shifts.

And I could shoot without worrying about any
goddamn landladies bursting in on me. Ifit came to that,
I mean.

It occurs to me that I'm probably not getting any
better, ifI'm thinking about how relatively safe it's going
to be for me to shoot up. I don't even know where I'm
going to put food. I can probably store cans of whatever
in the cupboards, but the appliances haven't come in for
any of the condos yet and the ones in the model aren't
wired. I know because Hector and | tried to cook a dead
cockroach on the burner and it didn't even heat up.

Savurpay, Marcu i7

I may have underestimated how hard it would be to
get an apartment in New York on short notice. I spent
all day chasing down For Rent signs and calling phone
numbers. The problem is, I was making all those calls
from pay phones. I was going to give them Lisa's phone
number as a point of contact, but it turns out that Lisa's
dead from pneumonia complicated by AIDS. So there
went that plan.

Idon't even know what I'm going to do when (or if)
Ifinally reach someone who's actually there at their desk
or whatever, seeing as how I just got thrown out of my
last place. It's not like Mrs. Whoever is going to give me
a glowing reference, the bitch.

Like this is her fault.

Anyway, I've been at the building for two days now,
going on three. The weekend is the easy part, because
the unions don't want any partof it, the scabs don't want
to cross the unions on a high-profile project like this and
the custodial service doesn't have a staff on the building
for the weekends. If] run across security guard — yeah,
right — I just point to the Brightways logo on my
uniform and claim I'm cleaning up something left during
the week. I can do what I want here and not have to
sweat anything until Monday.

Sunpay, Marcu i8

Leave it to the shark to ruin everything. I don't
know why he's got to be such a workaholic. I mean, the
guy's already obviously some sort of bigshot if he's
handling this building. Go eat caviar and drink cham-
pagne and leave me the fuck alone, you know? But no,
he's got to show the place to somebody on Sunday night,
right as I'm in the midst ofa good washout. I used the last
of that stuff bought from Jimmy (it was so good, it lasted
me longer than it usually would) and who should come
waltzing onto the site than Arturo with some Middle


East looking guy in tow. It freaked me out. I don't know
what they were looking for on Sunday night. Couldn't
the guy visit the property on a normal schedule? I lost
track of them after they came on, and I don't have any
idea what time they left, but | think it was well after
midnight, past the time I turned in for the night on 15.
Tuesday, March 20

I guess I never really paid much attention to it
before, but Arturo's here a lot. When I punch in for my
shift, he's here, and his car is still in the parking lot when
I go up to my "toom." I checked the week's drafts and
there's no work scheduled on the rooms up on 11 for a
while, which overlook the lot. It's weird, sure, but it lets
me concentrate on something other than the habit
Speaking of which, it's probably better for me to stay off
it while I'm a guest of Arturo's Towers. While you're on
it, youdon'tshit. When you're off it, all that not shitting
comes back with a vengeance. It'd be just my luck to
have to take the elevator down in the middle of the
night fighting with my own bowels only to see the shark
witha look of "Explain this" on his face. The alternative
isto keep a bucket with me and empty it when I leave for
the morning. That's so disgusting I don't even want to
think about it.

Yes, I've done it before.

Fripay, Marcu 23

Ir'sgetting too close for comfort. They fired six more
workers over the last three days — all people who were
on shift the night Rosendo took his dive. Rifkind did all
the firing, but made sure to check that Arturo's car was
still in the lot when people got the call over the walkie-
talkies. There it was.

Now there's maybe six more of us left, and I'm not
sure what purpose it's all serving. Are they trying to
quietly get rid of everyone who was there to avoid
insurance or OSHA, like I guessed before? No, other
accidents have happened and nobody's said anything, at
least not that I've heard.

That reminds me: I'm going to call Hector this
weekend and see how he is.

Arturo's here all the time now. I don't think he ever
leaves. Well, that's not true. When he does, it's alw:
with someone and the both of them come back before
I'm asleep. I'm like the hunchback of Notre Dame up
here, looking down over whatever it is that's at the front
of Notre Dame. I don't know. I never went to college
there. I'm more like the Phantom of the Opera, watch-
ing the world go by and resenting it. I thought that
maybe Arturo was bringing back a little something
something while he was on the job, but they've been
both men and women with him. Maybe he swings both
ways. They seem to stay for the wrong amount of time for
that, though, so I've ruled it out. They're here too long
for a quickie, but nobody spends the night.

CHAPTER SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY

Arturo does.

Hey, maybe the shark is living in the building, too.

The mere thought makes me feel violated.
Sunay, Marc 25

He does. He does live in the building. I went down
yesterday after I saw his car was gone and stopped on
every floor. 1 needed to know.

There was something creepy about checking out
every space in an unoccupied high rise. I'd say it felt like
looking for ghosts, but this building is haunted by people
whoaren'tin ityet. It's being built for people to live their
lives, but without all the life that's supposed to occur
inside it, it's almost like it's not here, despite being real

Then I found one that was lived in. OrmaybeI should
say occupied, because there didn't seem to be any life
about it. This wasn't an apartment that was left messy
There was nothing in it to indicate that it was somebod:
home other than —and this is the strange, empty part—
creature comforts. There was no bed, no Chinese take.
out containers, no plates or silverware, not even a pile or
basket of dirty clothes. What was in the room was an odd
assortment of mail and subscription magazines (Mr. Tho-
mas Arturo or Meier & Partners, attn: Thomas Arturo),
acheap TV, an expensive looking couch, afloorlamp and
a desk with a telephone on it. There was a laptop
computer on the desk, too, left closed and off.

1 was shocked that this man could be in the same
situation that | was. Then it dawned on me that we
weren't in the same situation at all.

A weird series of thoughts and feelings came over
me right then, yet individually distinct, like when
you've taken too much ecstasy and you can feel each
individual fiber of your shirt. More than anything, I was
scared. I said "violated" before. That's the most suitable
word. [had come to think of the building as my own, to
think of it as a place where I was getting away with
something. Certainly not a place where we
we was — were getting away with something. Here was
this secret space in my building that wasn't mine. It was
apart of what was mine, inside what was mine, but it was
here without me knowing it, like waking up and finding
that cancer has taken over some vital part of your body.

Behind that, I felt like maybe this wasn't real. I
wasn't smacked right then, but I felt like I was and it led
me to believe what I was seeing wasn't real. I don't mean
like a hallucination, but like being in a deep rush, when
you can hear everyone around you talking so brutally
slowly and moving with such slow but determined
motions. You know that's not how they're really moving
and talking, but that's the sense it gives your brain. twas
the same now for me, my sudden understanding of what
this was, an almost "rising out of" ignorance and seeing
something new. I'm not good with words, but that's
what it was. I didn't trust it. As an experienced heroin

whoever


abuser, I have the sense to know that what I'm doing to
my brain isn't the same effect I'm having on the outside
world, so I instinctively mistrusted it. My last thought
was that I could sell the couch if | needed to.

Ihad enough sense not to touch anything. Being put
ontrial for 13 counts of petty theft encourages youto mind
your manners when breaking into someone else's place
and hopefully avoid getting that 14th count. In a way, I
didn't want to touch anything. This secret place felt dirty.
It had hidden from me. The longer I stayed there, the
more evil it felt, being not only a foreign intruder but so
oddly empty of basic things. What, Arturo lives here but
goes to a hotel to sleep? Or back home? This wasn't an
office — I had personally cleaned his office, which he
shared in the trailer with the site manager.

I saw that the bathroom door was closed, and was
immediately overcome by morbid curiosity. The water
hadn't been connected here yet, so he couldn't be
showering here, and if he was shitting and pissing like a
normal man, why hadn't | heard him banging around at
the Port-a-Johns on the site?

A honking car woke me from the draw the closed
door had over me. I shook my head and hauled ass back
up the stairs to my own place. It was squalid by compari-
son, being little more than a duffel bag, a bottle of
straight whisky and a short stack of porn mags.

The thing was, there in my solitude, reflecting on all
the out-of-place strangeness I had just seen, I felt that
things were different. I don't know how to say it. Like I
had learned something and I couldn't quite remember
how I felt before I had learned it, but I definitely knew
that I was much happier back when I didn't know. That
was pretty upsetting, to think that I was happier being a
homeless junkie who emptied trash cans than the same
thing who had been in that room. It was like not being
akid anymore, or like having sex and it being messier
and less satisfying than what you expected. It wasn't
quite so nostalgic , though — it was like I had
found a horrible secret, rather than a disappointing one.
What I knew wasn't frustrating. It was somehow evil.

1 also knew that I had to get back there. I had to
confront what it was, even if I didn't confront Arturo
face to face. That made it really hard to sleep.

Moxbay, Marcu 26

Okay, I went back. I didn't have much time,
because I had to get in and out before the construction.
shift started. That got me to thinking. Why didn't the
construction shift find out about the shark? Did they
know he was there? Wasn't he supposed to be in the
office trailer?

Thad only about 20 minutes. I clocked out after the
custodial shift and left the site like I usually do, taking a
quick walk around the building and coming back in
through the chain-link gate left open for the first of the

crews. Back up the stairs, as normal, so nobody sees the
construction lift moving.

I stood before the closed door, wondering what to
do. For lack of anything better, I knocked. No answer.
Scared as all fuck, I slid the crew key into the lock and
opened the door. Everything was just as it had been the
night before, but something inside meknew he had been
there since.

And there was that closed bathroom door.

Aside from the door, I didn't mess with anything. I
didn't turn on any lights or look in the refrigerator or
nothing. It was like I was drawn to the door, another
unsolved mystery, but the one that held the most poten-
tial. I opened it. What can I say?

There was nothing inside.

I should have been relieved, but that nervous bit
inside me told me something was wrong. There was
nothing inside. Nothing. No razors, toothbrush, toilet
paper. No magazines on the back of the tank. No
shower curtain. Nothing at all. How does a man live
here with no bed and no food and nothing to clean
himself up with?

Every time | found out more, it only left me with
more questions. I hated that and still do.

Right at that moment — right when | thought that
this harmless situation was really something very dan-
gerous in disguise, my luck finally ran out. Somebody
was jiggling a key in the lock.

I panicked. I didn't know what else to do. I ran
toward the door and when it opened just the tiniest bit,
I pulled it wide and ran. Something really fast flashed
past me into the room, but I didn't pay it any attention.
I just wanted to get the hell out of there. With any luck,
whoever it was wouldn't ID me because of the darkness
and surprise. I ran back to the stairs and up, back to my
room. I trusted that if someone was chasing me, his first
instinct would be that I would head downstairs instead
of up, and lose me that way.

Back up in my room, I grabbed my stuff, breathing
hard and sweating and throwing it all into my bag. It
wasn't someone's home that I had been in — it wasn't a
person I was dealing with. The shark wasn't a man. His
bizarre little home had shown me that. He was some-
thing else.

Again with the questions that should have been
answers. I only knew one thing, and that was that I had
to get away from there, and do it soon.

Ispent the night, or day, I guess, at the bus station
and took a shower at the Y. Right now, it's time that |
should be heading back to work, but I haven't decided
if I can. Is it safe? Who came into the apartment, and
do they know it was me? know there's only one way to
find out. It's strange, but I feel like I have to figure this
out. It's not out of loyalty to Hector — shit, I forgot to


call him — or Rosendo, but it's something. 1 don't
know. It's like I was picked to find this out, and I have

to see it throu

I'm going to work
Weonesbay, Marcu 28

Nobody's onto me, I think. I went to work yester-
day and today, and | think | might have actually put the
fear of God into Arturo because he wasn't around
either day. I was a little touchy around Rifkind, but I
chalk that up to the lack of sleep I've been I
been sort of staying at the Y and the bus station and at
Grand Central. Washing my uniform by day in a
laundromat. One good part is that I don't really have
time, money or the opportunity to shoot up. Forced
sobriety. I don't know that it's the best way, because it's
not actually me choosing

raving. I've

o be clean, and I've had to
spend some unpleasant time in public toilets, bu what
can you do?

I bought some dope the other night when I left work. It
doesn't fuck you up so much as heroin, but it still makes that
ache go away. That ache is what I'm talking about when I
think of Arturo and the whole situation. I don't even want
tothinkaboutit, and that's where the dope comes in. I've got
enough left to last until Friday, which is payday.

Yuunsbay, Marck 29

Worst day of my life. Worse than being busted and
worse than hearing the guilty verdict

Arturo isa monster. A real monster. This is the first
time I've seen him since the night I was in his room, if
that was even him, and he looks like the devil. His
mouth is all full of fangs and his eyes are red and his skin
is pale white, like he's dead.

Ithought
it was aftereffects from the weed, but there's no way |
smoked enou; thought it might have
been a flashback, then, or maybe like some big clog of
drugs in my veins broke off and started circulating
through my body, but that wasn't it, either. I could see
everything crystal clear. I was sweating like a fiend while
Iwas in that room with him and Rifkind

[swear to God, I wish I was making this up.

h to hallucinate. I

They fucking fired me. Itneverseems to stop getting
stranger. I was there, at work, when Rifkind called me
into the room we'd been using as a conference room
Well, mote like a meeting room where we discussed the
night's assignments and all that shit, but that's not
important. I walked in and there was the shark, sitting
at the table. Actually, he looked like the Devil

I must be in shock. The Devil fired me and I'm
writing in this notebook instead of jumping off a bridge
That's what happened. The Devil fired me. Rifkind
d the door and said something about being some
place unauthorized or inappropriately being on site ot
something. I don't even remember what he said, because
I was looking at Arturo. I couldn't stop staring. It was

clos

CHAPTER i:SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

like looking at acar accident, except this accident could
get up and leave and bring whatever wreckage it was
wherever he went.

I'm not making any sense. Hang on. I'll get
it together.

Okay, so they fired me forabuse of privilege. Like it's
aprivilege to work in a dump owned by the Devil, where
Mexicans mop up the shit. I was told that tonight's pay
would be the last I would get, and that due to the nature
of my termination (these are their words, not mine), |
would forfeit the present week's salary.

I should have been pissed, | know. I should have
been pointing a finger and making accusations and
threatening to sue andall that bullshit, but I knew right
there, looking at Arturo, that Hector was in the same
boat. Shit, I still haven't called him. He had his hands
tied too. Hector caught on to whatever Devil-thing
Arturo had done to Rosendo and called him on it, or
maybe it was just that Arturo knew that he knew. Other
people on the staff got sacked so it would just look like
layoffs or an expense control thing, and my cut would
look like the same thing.

But Arturo cocked hishead at me. It must have been
the way I was looking at him. Him tipping his head like
that sort of freed me from the stare I had on him, and I
looked at Rifkind. He looked like a demon, like he was
some imp at Arturo's command. He handed me my
check with a serious look.

Fuckit. [took the check andran likea motherfucker,
Ran all the way to Grand Central, block after block. I
didn't want to go back to any of the places I had been
before, because if they knew that much about me, they
might know where I'd been staying. I didn't know what
they knew, or what they could find outif they needed to
I just ran. I'm here at the station now, writing this and
keeping a close eye on everyone coming and going from
the platform. With any luck, everyone else will just
think I'ma bum and use that New York "I don't see you"
to keep me away from them.

Fuck, there's another one of them here. Another Devil.

SarurDay, MancH 3i

After a rough two days, I've come out of hiding.
Having never seen these things before, I finally found
out what they are. Hang on.

Friday, I called Hector like I'd been meaning to for
so long. The first time I called, he hung up on me, but
then I called him again and managed to get out that I'd
been fired, too. He didn't say anything for a while, but
then told me that I'd better come over to his place. I still
remembered the way, so I was over there in less than half
an hour. In retrospect, I didn't see any of the devils
during daylight.

When I got to Hector's, his wife and daughter were
gone. He said he sent them back to Mexico. It was what

was safest for them, he said. I didn't know what that
meant, so we sat down to talk about it.

After Rosendo's death, Hector said he had a suspi-
cion that something wasn't quite right. His wife's cousin
worked at the morgue where Rosendo ended up and did
all the paperwork. According to him, there were two
different reports from the medical examiner. The first
one read that the cause of death was blood loss, but the
second made the fall and impact the cause of death. The
second ME's report was the one that was filed.

That didn't make any sense to me. I've seen enough
TV cop shows to know that those doctors make mistakes
all the time. Then Hector told me to think about what
the first guy's statement suggested.

Ifthe second account was correct, it was the fall that
did Rosendo in. I remember being there on the site,
though, and noticing that there wasn't much blood.
Hector pointed out that was what the first doctor was
saying. Rosendo was dead before the fall. More impor-
tantly, he had died of blood loss before the fall. Neither
report indicated that there had been a struggle before
the death.

Someone had taken Rosendo's blood before throw-
ing him down the shaft, to cover up his death.

At this point, I started to really get creeped out by
the way things were falling into place. I knew what
Hector's next words were going to be even before he
spoke about the "vampiro," and I knew he was right.
That was what I had seen in Arturo, and that other one
Isaw at Grand Central —an ugly one — must have been
one he sent to watch me. Rifkind was under his control,
too, I felt sure, whether he knew it or not.

The feelingcame overme again there, that] couldn't
trust what [was thinkingor had seen. I mean, there I was,
a grown man, assuring myself that this wasn't just a
murder, but that there were vampires behind it. Worse,
I was believing it.

Worse yet, I knew it was true.

I begged off from Hector and he looked relieved to
see me go. We each knew what the other was going to do.
Hector was going back to Mexico to be with his family
and to get away from the vampiro. With nothing left to
lose, I was going to fight it myself.

Moxpay, Aerie

I spent the past week digging up information on
vampires, just to make sure | didn't do anything stupid
by jumping into this. As fucked-up as the whole thing is
— blood stealers, people getting killed and then fired to
cover it up, the second death report — it's given me
purpose. I haven't touched anything crooked in over 10
days. No junk, no booze, not even a jack-off magazine.
Acthe same time, the whole world has felt a little more
fake. At times I catch myself completely shocked at what
T've been doing with this research. You see, by now, I'm


fully prepared to do what it takes to get rid of the
vampiro. You have to drive a wooden stake through its
heart, decapitate it and then burn itall. [t turns out that
all that shit about finding their coffin and turning them
over so they dig downward is just superstition. Well,
some of the books said you could do that, but the library
Iwent to mostly had books that were printed in the 20th
century, and I believe in those a little more than the
older ones.

It's not too unlike being high, this weird sensation
of walking around ina monster's world. I'm just not the
monster for once.

I don't really have time to watch Arturo as closely
asl'd like. I know that his hiding place isn't really at the
construction site — that's just a place he uses when he
has to. As it turns out, vampires don't seem a whole lot
different from people, once you get past the blood
sucking thing that makes them what they are. They still
need money, so some steal it or take jobs. | haven't
observed the shark as longas I should to take him down,
orat least that's what In Nomine Sanguinis says. Still, I
don't really have time to study him more. Who knows
what he's doing when he's not preying on the night
shift? The book says vampires have to feed every night
(but that they don't automatically make vampires out of
the people they feed on like in the movies, or automati-
cally kill everyone they feed on, or the whole world
would have been dead already). It didn't say how they
get away with it, but it did suggest that they have
hypnotism powers. That being the case, I've figured it
out. It surprises me that no one's tried this before, but
when I wait for Arturo to come back, I'm going to jab
some junk about 20 minutes before sunrise. That way,
my mind will be too messed up for Arturo to play any
tricks on me.

And, yeah, hopefully it'll take me enough away
from myself so that I don't chicken out. I don't think 1

could kill a man sober, even if he was a monster. It's
freakish to look back on what I've done in the past and
feel so oddly humanitarian about what I'm about to do.

When I was breaking into people's cars and houses and
stealing their shit to keep up the habit, I didn't give half
afuck. Now that I'm about tokill this thing, ''mnervous.
Maybe I'm not cut out for this good shit. Maybe I'm best
being selfish. Maybe I was better off never knowing the
Devil existed

Yuursday, Ari i2

Dear diary this is the second night I tried this oh shit
but the first night I remembered to write it down. Last
night arturoshark never showed up here but I see his car
is still here tonight and he usually stayed late on Thurs-
daysand Fridays I sort of remember its like being in a hole.

I am in the closet and its still very cold but Im
sweating and its half because of the herone and half
because of what I have to do all my works is on the floor
here in the closet and im worried that he can smell the
match. The broomhandle I sharpened it so its long and
Ican get to his heart with it before he gets to me. I mailed
the rest of this journal to the parole no probabtion offcer
so Officer Holland if you don't here from me again you
will know that the VAMPIRE has gotten me. Wait if
you don't have this how will you know that that's my
dying wish fuck it

Okay soon I will have to stop writeing because I
know he could hear the pen SCRATCHING on the
paper because I can hear it too and I know he can smell
the matches and the rubbing alcohol and the weird like
vinegar smell of the tar.

I could see my blood when I pulled the plunger but
that's my blood.

I can hear footsteps in the hall and pink light is
coming in from unde the door

That's my blood

that's my blood

en



CHAPTER 2: AWAKENED FROM

Thereforeis the name ofit called Babel; because the Lord
did there confound the language of all the earth: and from
thence did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of all

the earth
— Genesis 11:9

Note: I originally found these documents while
doing an Internet search for any potential leads on rot
shapechangers and other things. From what I can gathe
these pages were not meant for public viewing. They
were stored under an account kept at one of those free

b-hosting sites, the sort that litter pages with pop-ups
and banner ads, Further research indicated that no
outside pages linked to these files. Judging by the rather
arcane naming convention used to store them, the
author must have meant them either for his own refer-
ence or he simply used the web site as a means to store
copies of his notes. The index.html file under the web
account contained nothing of interest, simply a collec-
tion of links to a few news sites, comic strips and search
engines — the typical collection of data available at
countless sites.

The page revealed nothing of its owner's identity or
location. I found the files in their current condition.
Tragically, it looks as if whoever maintained them is no
longer in a position to do so. I kept an eye on the pages
fora while and saw no updates. After a few months of
this, I decided to download and archive them. The pages
have since been taken down by the hosting service.

If anyone has more information on this group,
please pass it along. I don't want to pass judgment on the

author of this log, but I can't help feeling that his
approach to our calling is anything but constructive, ot
even ethical. Nonetheless, I don't want to turn this into
aflame. Just read this and keep your eyes open.

P've changed proper names of people, places and
things when they're given. If any of these folks are still
around, they need to remain anonymous. As you'll see,

they need every bit of help they can get

LogEnrey i

Bill was too easy to track, but then again counting
how often he gets his face in the local paper I should've
figured he was the type to draw attention.

Note: Keep track of this guy after hours. If he's
shacking up with some cooze I might be able to get a few
grand out of it. But based on what I know about the guy,
that ain't likely.

Note: Don't even think about blowing any whistles
about any of this shit. Dead men don't spend money

Our boyscout Bill met up with Walker, as I sus
pected. It looks like there'sa handful of us in the area and
we're active, but more importantly appear to be orga-
nized. I blame Walker for that. There's some bitch, and
some young guy who looks like he doesn't know that
Johnny fucking Rotten went out of style decades ago.


HUNYER: THE NOCTURNAL

They all met for a couple hours and then each left
separately. These idiots meet at one of their homes, and
then they're worried about looking suspicious when
they leave. Idiots. "Johnny" already has half the local
tenants on edge.

They can't have been at this for too long. Too
sloppy. I've been at this for a while, but it'll be inter
ing to see how it all comes together for others. I wonder
if they can cut it.

Note: Keep an eye on Bill. Trace the chick and get
aname. Get a handle on Johnny. Case Walker's joint
when he heads off to work at the yuppie toy store.

Log Enrry 2

The bugs are in place, but even better, I got an
apartment in this dump. That last cash from that
Kuerten thing went to it. I'll be eating noodles until I
get my deposit from George, but it will all hopefully be
worth it. Ican see how these idiots go and maybe profit
from their mistakes.

I've always gotten more ofa thrill just listening in on
some jerk's daily routine than on spying on him. I gue
recording the hot and heavy grunts of politicos and
business jerks makes the ordinary stuff that much more
interesting. The best stuff comes out of nowhere. One
second, Mr. Schmuck is flossing, the next he's thinking
out loud about his kiddie porn collection.

Walker isn't anywhere near that fascinating. He
just shuffles around a lot from the kitchen to the living
room. Radio's kept to NPR, like I couldn't see that
coming, and he spends a lot of time fixing dinner. The
guy might bea fat ass, but at least he cooks his own food.
Ican respect that — a man being overweight because
his ass all day.

Big clue in to why these guys are so out to lunch:
Walker doesn't own a computer. Based on his book-
shelves and just the feel of his place, he wishes we could
all go back toa "simpler" time. Predictable, based on his
jobat the antique shop. Seems like he's also a bit of anut
about the war. His bookcases look like a history section.
That explains a lot of what I've seen. If Walker's the one
organizing things, he's keepinga tight leash on everyone
and trying to do things slow and careful. It may also
explain why everyone meets at Walker's place. The guy
just doesn't see the danger. My guess is that Walker's in
charge because he acts the most like he knows what's
going on. He's seen shit in WW II or whatever and
thinks that qualifies him to deal with all this. He'll lear
the hard way.

Sounds as if the next meeting of this little sewing
circle is tomorrow night. I'm not going to bother with
a transcript of the phone call, but it's pretty clear that
Bill was the recipient. Seems like he's making a pitch

to take the reins off Walker. Typical people bullshit.
There's a huge problem facing them and they fall into
petty bickering. I'm glad, I guess, that my change
happened when I was alone. I almost got killed, but I
didn't have to put up with anyone's bullshit. I guess |
can say that now.

Log curry 3

Lots of interesting stuff to sort through. It looks
like I've really lucked out. From what I can tell, three
of these guys have dealt with only one thing before.
Still not clear on how Walker got involved with them
or how he got the wake-up call. I don't know yet if
that's even important.

Partial transcript of their latest meeting follows. |
didn't bother tracking anything that was said before
Johnny, the last to arrive, showed up. They just made
small talk and acted as if they weren't this little social
club that gets together to whack monsters. That didn't
stop them from spending most of the time arguing,
though. Jesus, these guys are going to get killed. I'm
tempted to step in and set them straight, but what
would I gain?

Johnny: Sorry 'm late. My asshole boss was on my back

Walker: These meetings are problem enough for
me. I'd appreciate it if everyone would be on time.

Ellen: You say that every time. Do you really think
you're getting through to him?

Walker: Keep it down. We meet here because my
neighbors will call the cops if anything weird happens,
but we don't want them calling on us.

Bill: I know that this is a burden for you, but I don't
see where we have any other option.

Ellen: Tell me about it. Things have been rough for
me since all this started.

Bill: 'sbeen hard on usall, but we can'tkeep taking
it out on each other. We've spent more time arguing
than doing anything about... them.

Walker: What have you turned up about that girl?

Bill: My contacts in the department tell me she'.
fine. It looks like most of her injuries came from
how... he handled her after we got involved. Her
ankle was broken and she had a few bruises and
scrapes, but that was it. The silver lining here is that
since she was checked into the hospital she's been
reunited with her parents

Ellen: Does she remember anything? Has she said
anything about... us?

Bill: Not that I know of. She never saw a thing,
doesn't remember it or just doesn't want to talk about it.

Walker: assume the police aren't pressing the issue?

Bill: Sounds like they're not taking it as a serious
attack. More like some freak accident or something.


Johnny: Well, she's black, so what the fuck do they care?
Bill: What does that have to do with it?

Johnny: Oh, come on....

Walker: If the police aren't taking this seriously, we
have to convince them to. People... the government
has to know what's going on.

Johnny: Oh, please. We can't trust the government!
Don't you watch TV?

Walker: I don't waste my time with that idiot box.
Pl bet Bill agrees with me.

Ellen: Look, has anyone come up with any ideas
about what to do next?

Bill: I know I got everyone's hopes up last time, but
I can't see any way to leverage my position any more
than I have. I can get us some information, but I doubt
I could convince the DA that... monsters are running
around the city.

Ellen: And it's an election year.

Walker: Oh, for God's sake!

Ellen: Look, | can't sleep at night. I drive straight
from school back home. | order out food and slip the
money under the door. I keep the lights on all night.
Every damn light in my apartment. We need to start
doing something soon or I'm going to go insane. How
often do we have to meet and talk and make lists before
we stop that thing? When the hell can I leave my
apartment without being scared to death?

Walker: We're all under a lot of stress. I'm scared,
too. But we have to be strong. Back in the war, we never
knew when we were going to buy it. I was scared half to
death. But you learn that you have to keep going. That's
all you have.

Johnny: Yeah, we all saw Private Ryan.

Bill: Damn it, Johnny, I'm sick of your shit. Either
start helping or stop coming.

Johnny: Who the hell put you.

Ellen: Stop it!

Bill: Ellen, I know you want to dosomething. We all
do. But things have... changed. We don't really know
what we're getting into or what things are really like out
there. We have to go slow. If we rush into something we
could get killed.

Ellen: Yeah, and the longer we wait the more people
out there are hurt by that thing. It's still out there.
Maybe there are more. We can't waste any more time

Walker: Please, keep your voice down. You can
make all the noise you want when we meetat your place.

End Transcript

This went on for about another hour, things basi-
cally going back and forth. Hopefully, these morons will
stick together. My client has been clamoring for me to
do some more work on subjects other than Bill. With

what he's willing to pay, even this project might have to
be pushed aside for a while. Besides, | don't know how
many more evenings I can take of this crew.

Note: Find out what's goingon in Ellen and Johnny's
lives. Find out what politics Bill's been into lately. Find
out how such a mismatched group got together in the
first place.

Loc Envey 4

Things have gotten really weird. Terrifying. I don't
know how to put it into words. I've included a transcript
of what happened, for what good it is. Things happened
so quickly. I'm not sure how it all happened.

T guess I can say that the shit's hit the fan and I
have a front-row seat. If play my cards right, Ican use
both sides to come out of this looking pretty. I just
need to be smart.

T'll start with my investigation of the past few
days. Johnny lives in an apartment downtown with
five or six other kids. He's a student and works in
some hole in the wall store. Pretty typical hypersen-
sitive college kid. Note: Watch for any drug use.
Might be useful if I need to give him or someone close
to him some encouragement.

Ellen lives by herself in a rundown apartment build-
ing, though she used to have a house in the suburbs.
Divorced. She's a teacher, so will be sensitive to black-
mail. A picture of her doing something weird put in the
wrong hands would destroy her. Still, she seems self-
righteous. She might turn on me rather than bow out.

Walker is Walker. I don't think he leaves his
apartment except for work and the occasional trip to
the store. Hell, I might not have friends either, but at
least I get out once in a while. If he has kids or
grandkids, they probably don't come to see him.
Can't say 1 blame them

Bill's been a busy little beaver, and my client has
made some noise about getting more information on his
activities. Take a pill. They have me looking into some
old bird, too, a judge who's been on the bench for a
bunch of years. He's a dyed in the wool Republican, but
not exactly a public figure. I don't think he's even been
mentioned in the papers fora while. I don't see why he's
so important, but I'm not paid to. These sure are some
curious people I'm working for.

There's not much to say about Bill, at least not
about his public life. He plays the boy scout, through and
through. "Compassionate conservatism." I figure he's
due to run for something bigger than state, if something
doesn't bite his head off first. If I'm lucky, I'll get info on
how he copes with the truth, and on a senatorial hope-
ful. They usually have the buck:

So, we've got a punk college kid, a divorced teacher,
ashut in anda clean-cut politician. Ofall of us out there

ro

VER: THE NOCTURNAL

who could've taken a huge step to figuring out what's
really going on, these are the chumps who actually talk
to a vampire. Or something, anyway.

Thank God I'm here for them.

Ellen: That's the point. We can learn all we want,
but if we don't do anything with it then what the hell is
the point?

Bill: We've been over this. If we make a mistake it
may cost us more than our own lives — the lives of
people who may need our help. We might be the only
ones who have any idea what's going on. Or we mightall
be out of our minds. What if we go off half-cocked and
hurt people? If what we've seen is real, we owe it to
everyone todo things right. A mistake could haunt us for
the rest of our lives

Johnny: Or at least our term in office.

Walker: Shut your pie hole, boy

Johnny: What, you want to fight me?

Ellen: Would you two shut up?

Walker: I won'thave someone telling me what todo
in my own damn house.

Bill: What was that?

Walker: You don't know shit about what's it' like to
fight for everything. Between her crying and your whin-
ing, we're never going to get anything done:

Bill: Did you hear that?

Johnny: God, I'm sick of this.

Bill: Shut up! Did anyone hear that?

[Silence.]

[Knocking. Front door?}

[Silence.]

[Knocking. Definitely front door]

Bill: Who the hell is that?

Walker: Shut up. It's got to be the neighbors.
[Knocking.]

Johnny: Well, answer it.

Walker: Why?

Johnny: Because... Jesus, I don't know.

Bill: Answer the door. After all the noise we've
made, things will only look stranger if you don't.
Walker: Fine.
[Sound of door opening,]
Unknown Voice: Mr. Walker?
Walker: Yes. Look, if it's about the noise, I'm sorry
e'll keep it down.
Unknown Voice: That's not why I'm here. I'm here
because I think we have something in common.
Walker: Come again?
Unknown Voice: My name's Vazquez.

[Door slams.]
Walker: Sweet mother of Jesus, it's one of them!

Ellen: What?

[Loud crashing sound.]

Ellen: Jesus! Johnny?

Walker: He's out cold!

[Knocking at door.]

Ellen: What are we going to do?

Bill: Shhhhh!

Walker: What do we dc

Bill: Ellen, help me get Johnny into the bedroom.
Stall. Play dumb. See what it wants. If anything hap-
pens, we'll... help you.

Walker: Jesus. Mary.

[Knocking at door.]

Walker: What if he leaves?

Bill: Then he leaves. If it stays, we'll... take care of it.

[More noises.]

[Door opens.]

Walker: Uh... what do you want?

Unknown Voice: [Long pause.] Look, I'm not here

to make trouble. I think we have a... mutual interest
that we should talk about. Can I come in?

Walker: No... [ mean... yeah. Yeah, sure.

Unknown: Thank you. [Pause.] I'll get right to it.
My name is Vazquez. I saw you and your friends in the
park that night. You know what I'm talking about.

Walker: Oh. Uhhh, I'm not really sure what to say
about that. It's like I told the cops: Some guys attacked
agirl. I just happed to see it. Uh, those other people were
the ones who got involved.

Vazquez: | do special investigation work into cases
like this. That's not quite what you told the police, is it?
The others gave a story like that, but you claimed you saw
something... more. Something you couldn't explain

Walker: I'm an old man. I don't see too well any-
more. I don't know what I saw.

Vazquez: Mr. Walker, you don't have to lie to me. I
was there that night, too. I saw everything you did.

[Silence.]

Vazquez: What I'm curious about is what happened
next. I saw what the others — and you — did. I was
expecting trouble from that one that night.

[Door opening.]

Bill: | don't know who or what you are, but you had
better start talking or I swear to God I'll shoot.

Vazquez: Oh, what the fuck is this? Put that gun down.

Bill: I'm serious. I'll shoot.

Vazquez: Then shoot. Jesus, is this how you welcome
aguest?

Ellen: Answer our questions and you won't get hurt.

Vazquez: Funny, I was about to say the same thing.

Ellen: Shoot him. Just shoot him.

Vazquez: You're the others from the park. Butaren't
you short one? Where's the kid.

Bill: Shut up! I swear if you make a wrong move-

Vazquez: Like this?

[Scream. Sound of metal breaking.]

Vazquez: Can we please talk now?

Ellen: Fuck you!

[Sound of impact. Crashing.]

Bill: Ellen? Ellen?

Vazquez: I'm not the one attacking youhere, people
Lcould have killed her, but I didn't

Bill: Allright... all right. Let's all be

you want?

Vazquez: Obviously this is just too much for you. |
thought you might have been ready, but I guess not. I
came to talk about something we all want: That thing
from the park dead. I want to work out a deal, but this
isn't the right time.

: What are you...? This doesn't make any sense

Vazquez: What the are you talking about "sense"
What doesn't make sense is inviting someone into yout
house, jamming a gun in his face and then bum-rushing
him. You just fucking tried to kill me. You don't know
jack shit about me or what's going on.

calm. What

I'm offering you people a deal. Think about it. ll

[Door opens and closes.]
Bill: Check on Ellen. I'll get Johnny.
Walker: Do you think she's.
Bill:No, she'sstill breathing. I thinkshe'sjuststunned
We have to keep our heads. You saw what he did to
that gun. I think if he wanted us dead, we would be. We
need to decide what to do.
Walker: "Decide"? What's there to decide? We
have to get out of hei
he? He said he saw us all
nows everything about us.

Bill: He found us, didn'
that night — you, too. He k
Where ate we going to hide?

End Transcript

Note: Find any information on this "Vazquez."

Loc Enrey 5

Found absolutely nothing on Vazquez
pect the name to turn up anywhere, but the camera I
have set up by the front door didn't pick up anything
remarkable, either. I got an image of an old guy wearing
a coat and hat. That's probably Mr. Kinney from the
third floor, unless the leech is in disguise. I didn't get a
look at the face, but Kinney did come back later on and
I got him clean on the monitor. There were two others
who stood out: a young guy, early 20s, short blonde hair,
glasses, light leather jacket, jeans. The other one was
tall, probably six and a half feet, mid-length dark hair,

Didn't ex-


stubble, collared shirt, slacks. Pve come up with the
following theories based on last night's transcript.

1. Vazquez is normal enough looking that regular
people can't pick him outas anything special. Hewalked
down the hall without drawing attention, and felt com-
fortable knockingon Walker's door. He probably thought
he could bluff his way in. Walker must've looked at him
closely. Vazquez played it pretty cool, but I think he was
surprised that they really spotted him. One strike against
them for blowing anadvantage, but score one for Walker
being alert enough to keep his eyes open

2. Vazquez is tough, overconfident or incredibly
stupid. If he did see what happened at the park the night
of this group's wakeup, he must have known something
was up about them. But he still walked into it all last
night. If these things are predatots, if they really do feed
on blood ot something, maybe the stories I've heard
about them are true. Shit, he broke Bill's gun with his
bare hands and put Ellen down in a heartbeat. I've had
to knock a few heads. KOing someone isn't like in the
movies. Ifsomeone goes down in one blow, you got lucky
or you killed them. This guy is just one bad fucker, or all
leeches are incredibly strong and fast

I'm at square one here. Maybe he's an enforcer ot
foot solider and has to be tough. If that's true, someone
is giving him orders or pulling his strings. | better keep
that in mind, just in case:

3. He knows a hell of a lot more than he lets on. He
knew those three were at that rally and saw that thing
That either places him there (like he said), places
someone he knew there, or places him in alliance with
the monster those three — four, I guess — saw. He
knew a lot about Walker's police report. He's gotta
have connections. I had to burn a hell of a lot of favors
to get it.

But why did I have to go through so much hassle to
get a damn assault report? The department is under
pressure to deal with the case, what with all the muckety-
mucks and rich kids running around there protesting
affirmative action or whatever. But why the hell would
itbe hard to get that report? The guys downtown usually
figure I'm working it from their angle, trying to smoke
someone out. I might be greedy but I'm not going to fuck
over the department to cover someone's ass. Someone
might be out to protect Bill, but he came out of this
looking good. Politician leaps to helpless girl's rescue
Start printing up the ballots now. This Vazquez guy is
either experienced at working angles, has better access
than me or something else is going on. Maybe he had
something to do with throwing roadblocks in my way. It
would make sense if he was covering his tracks.

But why would he cover his tracks?

I have to wait and see for now. The meeting
tonight went a lot faster than I expected. No point in

transcribing it. I don't care so much about them as I do
how they'll get along with Vazquez. It took some work,
but Bill managed to get Ellen to agree to another
meeting with the thing. Jesus, she was pissed. On one
hand she wants to kill the guy for decking her, but on
the other she's more afraid now than ever. She's seen
one of the things close up and it kicked her ass. Walker
wants to double cross it or something. Funny. The old
man was the only one who didn't get his ass kicked so
he wants to run in guns blazing.

Looks like they want to smoke screen Vazquez and
try tosqueeze something useful out of him. Ellen's scored
one point, though: they want info on the first thing they
saw, the one that Vazquez seems to know about. Not just
who he is or what he's up to, but how they can take him
down permanently. She always goes straight for the
throat. Typical woman. Pissed off one minute, blubber-
ing mess the next.

Loc Enrey 6

No point in bothering with any pre-transcript com-
mentary. I've been kept up with a lot of paying work. But
deat God, I couldn't ask for more dirt on how others like
me and the things act. I could get the goods on any of
them at this point. And even if] don'r, 'll know what to
look for if I ever have to put the screws to them or get
some quick cash.

Action picks up just after Vazquezarrives. Ofcourse,
he's the last one to show up. Cameras picked up the
blond man | saw last time, lurking around the entrance
to the building. Johnny and Ellen walked right by him.
They must have been really nervous or preoccupied. I
swear the guy had to move out of Ellen's way when she
came up the steps. Fucking amateurs.

Vazquez: So are we ready to talk business or is there
any more bullshit left from last time?

Bill: We don't want any more trouble. We're pre-
pared to hear you out.

Vazquez: I see the kid's here, too. Good.

Ellen: Look, can we just cut to the chase? You seem
to know what's going on and we want this over with.

Vazquez: [Laugh.] Don't worry. Me too. You have
to understand: We're not all into jumping people in
parks. I want to deal with that animal who did. I assume
you do, too.

Walker: Maybe. But if you want him so bad, why
don't you do it yourself?

Vazquez: I have my reasons. Let's just say that my
hands are tied. He'll also see me coming a mile away.
You, meanwhile, he won't see coming at all. You may
have "met" him before, but I promise that he won't
remember you. Let's just say that you can all look the
same to some of us.

[Complaints and sounds of irritation.]


Vazquez: This is business, not personal. If you can't
tell the difference, we have nothing more to talk about.

Walker: What's in it for us?

Vazquez: Satisfaction? Revenge? This is your chance
to have them. What else could you want?

Bill: Information.

Vazquez: That's what I'm here for. I'm going to tell
you everything about him that you need to—

Bill: No, about you. About all of you. What are you?

Vazquez: What do you think | am?

Ellen: Dead.

Vazquez: Okay.

Walker: You don't blink. You don't breathe. You
smell, though.

[Pause.]

Bill: You look like us, maybe you even live among
us, but you're not one of us. Maybe you even hunt us like
animals, like a... vampire

Vazquez: "Vampire" is good. That's good. We
think legends of vampires grew out of contact between
us and people.

Ellen: "Us"? So there's more of you?

Vazquez: There's more than just the two ofus, me and
the one you ran into at the park. There aren't many of us,
though, and for the most part we try avoid people. We
keep to ourselves. We like it that way. That's why I want
that thing dead. He's attracting too much attention.

Johnny: So where did you all come from?

Vazquez: Where did people come from? Where did
you come from? Where did the world come from? We
just are. Just like you are. Look, I'm not playing twenty
questions with you. Can we just continue here?

Ellen: How do we kill that thing? You didn't seem to
like a gun pointed at you. Can bullets kill it, too?

Vazquez: Do you like anything being thrown in your
face? But the answer to your question is no. Bullets won't
kill him — or me. They'll just slow him down... and piss
him off. If you really want to get him, use fire. Get some
gas and set him on fire.

Johnny: Jesus Christ.

Vazquez: He won't help you.

Bill: So why us?

1 don't know why, but you can see him.
You recognized him for what he is. That gives you an
edge. With my help, you have the advantage. You
stopped him once. That means you have... skills. With
the four of you, you can take him. I'm just one guy.

Walker: So why don't you do it with us?

Vazquez: | told you, he'd know I was coming.

Bill: How?

Vazquez: He just would. Like I said, there aren't
many of us. He'd know it was me and be ready.

Ellen: So where do we find him then?

Vazquez: I have his address.

Bill: How can we trust you?

Vazquez: How can I trust you? How do I know you
aren't going to go to the cops or aren't just going to jump
me right here?

Johnny: We haven't done anything to you.

Vazquez: I could say the same.

Walker: What if it's a trap? What if you're setting
us up?

Vazquez: If I was going to do that why would I have
come here at all? could have just arranged italready. Do
you want the address or not?

Bill: All right, we obviously don't trust each other,
but what choice do we have right now?

Vazquez: 403 Center Terrace. It's a house. He's
hiding out in the basement — for now. I don't know
how long he'll stay, so don't fool around. I'll be back in
a week

Walker: We meet again here. [ want you on my turf.

Vazquez: Whatever.

Bill: So what if we do... deal with this thing? How
will you know?

Vazquez: I'll know.

Bill: What then?

Vazquez: Then you know people are safe.

[Door opens and clos

End Transcript

Log Exrny 7

Physical Evidence:

1. The house is set back from the street and sur-
rounded by trees. Not too many obvious views from
neighboring houses. First floor windows boarded up.
Yard recently trimmed.

2. Contact at city hall tells me that the house is
owned by "A. Bramlett." Regular payments for property
taxes and other fees come from the Bramlett estate. The
estate also pays for regular maintenance.

3. Back door obviously forced. Judging from the
damage to the lock and doorframe, my group cracked it
open with a crowbar. So much for subtlety.

4. First and second floors both empty. Not even any
furniture. Lots of dust everywhere. They cased the first
and second floors. They hit the basement last.

5. Basement mostly bare, except for a few light
fixtures. Looks like they found the thing in the back
room in what might have once been an old coal bin.
Some blood splatters on the floor, shreds of fabric and
hair. Bagged samples for later analysis. Scoring on back
wall of bin indicates two missed gunshots. They must
have disregarded Vazquez's warning about guns or just
panicked. This jibes with police reports of gunshots in


=e

the area. No signs of a coffin, bedding or our resident.
They must have taken everything with them.

6. Signs of something heavy dragged through the
backyard.

Conclusion: They parked some distance from the
house, moved up through the light trees behind it and
cased the place. They forced the door, checked the first
two stories and went down to the basement. Once down
there, they ran into itand, from the looks of things, took
it down. At least two shots fired.

I'm surprised they were savvy enough to pick up the
casings. If they'd parked out front, the cops would've
been on their case, too. A car parked in front of an
abandoned house would stick out even toa rookie. They
dragged the corpse and whatever else back to the car.
Looks like they all made it out.

IfI didn't have my head up my ass, I would've caught
their planning sessions on tape. I can only imagine how
much they fought over whether to believe Vazquez'
story. Looks like they met on Wednesday, when I was
out tracking that judge. Hit a jackpot there, though.
Who'd have thought someone that old could keep up
with a whore like that? With the cash that'll nab me, I
can afford to keep the tapes rolling 24-7.

The big question here, though, is why? Why the hell
does this Vazquez need these idiots to track down and
cack one of his buddies? Why didn't he do it himself?

How could he trust that these jokers wouldn't screw up
Maybe he didn't care if they pulled it off or not.

Maybe these things have rules that make them all
lay low. That would make sense. Even if a lot of what
Vazquez says contradicts some of the accounts I've
heard, I have to think that if the government knew
about monsters and made a big effort to clean them out,
the things would be toast. A bear might be able to kill
two or three wolves, but twenty is another story. Some-
times I almost get a sense that monsters are as surprised
by us as we are by them. P've watched a few groups and
it's almost as if they deal with an enemy that's just as
confused and clueless as we are.

Maybe these things have laws or even a whole
society. How else could they stay under cover so long? A
few months ago I would have laughed at the idea of
monsters. And my life depended on seeing things other
people missed, on the beat, in vice or in my new job.
There's no way in hell that anything so wrong could stay
secret for long. But they have.

The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was con-
vincing the world he didn't exist.

Or maybe Vazquez is an opportunist who wanted
that monster dead for personal reasons. | can understand
that. If there's some sort of drive to keep things quiet,
maybe this was an excuse to knock offa rival. Or maybe
Vazquez just couldn't handle the guy alone.


No matter what, things don't add up. Vazquez sees
Bill, Johnny and Ellen go head to head with this thing.
Then he approaches them openly, completely risking
his ass. That doesn't make any sense. How they hell
would he know that they wouldn't just stomp him? He
has to be hiding something. Things don't add up with-
out it. You don't walk into a situation like that unless
you know youcan get out of it. Know ina 100% ironclad,
bulletproof way.

He's using these idiots for something that doesn't
even make a blip. I get the feeling that when this all
done, the only thing!'ll know is that I'mstill in the dark.

Hopefully, Vazquez will keep up his relationship
with those assholes. I'm having all my business calls and
mail directed here. All my paying contacts know where

CHAPTER 2: AWAKENED FROM

I'm shacked up now, so I can spend more time monitor-
ing Walker's place without worrying about fucking up
my other deals.

Log Ere 8

Gota call from one of my contacts this morning. A
very troubling call. He insists that I report more often
on Bill. And he's doubled my price. I don't want to rat
Bill out, but I can't resist money like that. At least this
way, noone else gets hired and Bill's real secret doesn't
get out. P'Iljusthave to make up some details. But that's
not the really disturbing part. They want me to check
up on the house where Bill and his friends went after
that thing.

What the hell is going on?



CHAPTER

Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and
thy gentleness hath made me great.

— 2 Samuel 22:36

THROUGH THE PAIN

Kill me. Justkill me. Take my head. Openawindow,
if there are any. Please, whatever it.

Takes me all of my will just to focus enough to...

Oh, God. Please make it stop. It's like when I was 10
and I got poison ivy. I remember screaming, just out of
sheer frustration. It hurt to lay there. Moving was worse.
And it wasn't just that it hurt but that it was...

fucking constant!

And now I can't even scream.

Allright, focus, God damn it. Focus, Samuels. How
did this shit happen?

But I know how. I know how. It was because of her.
Well, her and my big mouth. Equal parts Livia's rhetoric
and Samuels' big mouth. Which came first is a big,
fucking chicken-and-egg thing.

Notrhetoric. Idon't think meant that. I'm just tied
down. Not tied. At least then I could...

God, I can't even squirm. I can't fucking move. I'd
die to be rid of this. Hell can't be any worse than this

Betit can, says Liv in my head. She always said stuff
like that

My senses still work, I don't even have enough
control over my body to blink, but fortunately I don't
need to. The room is pitch black. My folks took me to
these caves in Kentucky when I was a kid. When the
guide turned the flashlight off, I marveled over not being
able to see my hand in front of my face. I can't even lift
my hand now.

I can feel the damp, though. Fungus. Dust. Mold.
Iknow where I am. I'm in Kingston's basement. "Some
of the houses built during the 40s had bomb shelters,"
Iremember the bastard tellingme. We hada laugh over
it. Yeah, if an A-bomb goes off, a few feet of concrete
will protect you. Sure. I didn't figure on him using it
this way. Makes...

Senses are still working. I can hear rats and I
wish like a kid on Christmas for one of them to run
across my mouth. I'm so fucking hungry. I don't
know if I could close my mouth enough to bite, but
I'd damn sure try. I can hear water dripping. Was it
raining when I got thrown in here? If the basement
floods, what then? Would I float? Wood warps when
it's wet.

Ie was raining when I was shut in here. Or when I
told him to... No, wait. It wasn't. It was clear that night.

EAD BUY HOPEFUL

HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

So when was it raining? I remember the living room and
1 remember the rain beating on...

Me. He was beating me. Some Nip game. "Go," that
was it. He taught me how to play "Go" and I was doing
all right for the first few games, but then he really started
taking me to the cleaners.

My suit's going to get ruined. Is it dry-clean only?
Probably is, damn it. I'll have to go to that place on
Cedar to get it done....

Oh, wait. I couldn't wear this suit again if | wanted
to. I'll have to get a shirt like this one, though. Where'd
I get it? Have to figure that out and then go...

I'd never played it before. He taught me the rules
and then played me with a handicap. I think I figured it
out. He was talking all about how it was like a battle, like
strategy, and here J am never having played before and
trying to remember what the hell the rules are. Strategy.
Notas complex as chess, because every piece is the same,
only positions matters. I told him I got it, and then I said
something like...

Oh, fuck, what was it I said? I don't remember.
Something about the game and how it worked, about
potential. He loved it. He got all excited — I know
because he smiled. That's as much as he ever does when
he gets excited. His fucking stone wall face changes a
little bit. And then he...

Oh, shit! That's why I remember that night. That

was the night he killed me.

Te Ewerace

I tried explaining this to Liv, but it all came out
wrong. I know how it happened, though. He bit me.
I finally beat him at the game, and he seemed to get
cold all of a sudden. He just said, "Congratulations,"
and I thought that was weird, and then he grabbed my
head and bit into my fucking throat. And fora minute
I thought I was going fag because it felt good, but then
it got...

Cold. Oh God, it's cold suddenly. Makes it hurt
worse, if that's possible. Makes it feel like...

Death. I felt myself die. I felt or saw a light — God?
—and then I felt something in my mouth like...

Fire! Jesus Christ, what was that? Pain like a kick to
the nuts...

Finsy Kit

Iwoke up. I was dead, but I woke up. I was confused
and hungry. [told Liv this part. I told her it wasscary, but
not. Like I couldn't be touched anymore. Kingston
opened the door to his study and there was a woman like
Liv but oh God so pale and then I..

I can't remember what I did. I really can't. And I
won't try. | remember waking up, afterward. But I
hadn't really slept. It was like coming off a drunk. The
woman was gone but still there. Like I could feel her

heat on the couch and smell her body, but she wasn't
there anymore. I felt stuffed like Thanksgiving. More
than that. Thanksgiving dinner, a great three-hour
fuck, a full body massage, a great movie — I just felt
done. Like I didn't need anything.

Kingston told me why. I only had two needs now.
"Survival," he said, "and blood." Survival and blood.
Eat to live. I was so high, so stuffed and content, that
I didn't think about it right then. I just asked him
what came next.

It was like a last meal. Give them what they want so
they'll be quiet when you drop the ax.

Tue Finsy Nicer

He took me out the next night. We drove around in
my car, me driving, him talking. Itall sunk in, but I can't
focus on it. He told me the rules. I tried repeating them
to Liv, but they got jumbled up somehow.

Iknow I told her about keeping it all quiet, butshe'd
guessed that one and said it before I did. | remember
Kingston telling me, "In the old days we had flowe
names for them. Here's a simple way to remembe
Think of yourself as normal, at least for a while. Don't
laugh when someone asks where you live or what you do
for a living. Don't make condescending remarks. And
for God's sake, don't say the word ‘vampire' unless you're
talking about a movie."

I told Liv that much. But the rest is a big bloody
smear in my mind. What the fuck did Kingston do tome?

He told me all kinds of shit that night, but a lot of
it just seemed to go over my head. I remember it but
don't, or can't quite say it. It's like trying to describe to
a woman what a hard-on feels like. | know, but what
words would I use?

Especially now. Now that I don't get wood anymore.

That was a killer, that first night. Kingston took me
to bars I didn't know existed. Places | would have loved
the night before, but then, after... after death, I guess, I
couldn't have cared less. Women shook their tits in my
face and I didn't feel a thing.

No, that's a lie. I felt something. I felt my fucking
fangs grow in.

I think I might have screamed or something, be-
cause Kingston grabbed the girl and glared at her, and
she wandered away with a look on her face like someone
had punched her in the gut. Then he grabbed me and
glared at me.

Shit, what was that? I can't even turn my head
toward any sounds. I swear to God I heard something. I
thought I heard —

Kingston glared at me and then it was an hour later.
Llost the time. I never really thought about it until now.
I don't think it matters much. It's easy to lose track
around Kingston. He's an easy guy to like. Not that I'm
queer or anything — no wood for anybody anymore,


tight? — but he's... hell, I don't know. I feel for him. So
much it hurts.
God, it hurts.

Secowp Kiet

Those first few weeks were strange. Kingston taught
me, but mostly he just handed me books. I think he
forgot about my disability; I have trouble reading. But
he'd give me shit like The Art of War and The Prince and

by Nietzsche and Kant, and then newer stuff about
finance and computers. | can work a computer okay, I
guess. Maybe that's why he wanted me

Is it me or is it getting easier to focus? Maybe I can
move. Shit. Still can't... damn it,

Isnuck out once. It was maybe two months after he
killed me. He said he had these meetings every month
and [had tostay home. But] hadn't eaten —fed, he liked

and I was ¢ So I got dressed up
and went bar hopping. I found some shit out that night.

tosay — ing stir craz

Like, one-drink minimum bars aren't a good place
togoifone drink makes you puke. I tried it. They had my
favorite beer, so I ordered, took a sip and spewed on the
floor. They didn't exactly kick me out, but they looked
at me weird. So I left. I had this fucked-up feeling of
superiority, like, "I didn't wanna drink here, anyway."
s another book he had me read,
‘o but

Sour grapes. The

Aesop's Fables. Sour grapes. Like you really wan

CHAPTER 3:DEAD BUY HOPEFUL

can't, so you shit on the whole idea. I wanted that beer.
No, that's not right... fucking pain. I wanted to:

? Actually
sn't any-

I wanted to want it. How fucked up is th
wishing that you could want something?
where near the last time, either.

[ finally found another bar where it was just a five-
dollar cover. I was overdressed. Everybody in there was
skanky and trashy. Itwas only 1 and most of them were
drunkalready. I satin a corner and watched people hook
up. Honest to God, were people always this disgusting?
I felt like I was watching animal porn. That's how
revolting it all was, like totally against nature, and
pointless to boot.

And then this bitch asked me to dance.

I would never have called a woman a bitch before
I'm just pissed and I can't move. I just

Told her, "Sure." So we danced, and like any white
guy, [looked like a frog ina blender. Butshe didn't seem
to mind. We danced and I bought her more drinks. I
brought one for myself, but then spilled it
dent. Right. She drank up and didn't notice that I
wasn't. When I asked her to leave, she could barely nod

by acci-

We went to herplace. See how smart I am, Kingston?
ler place. Nobody at the barknew me. They wouldn'tfind
out. When we got toher house —acrap little duplex a few

minutes from the bar — I could smell dog shit from the


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

porch. There was this poor little dog barking its head off.
Itran outside to piss and stood there on the porch staring
at me and barking like it was the end of the world. She
yelled at it for crapping on the floor but was too drunk to
do anything else. The dog had little spots...

On the ceiling before he closed the door to this
room. I could see them. Spots like water where the
plaster was worn away and it looked...

Like mange. Didn't matter. Just a puppy. Probably
froma puppy mill. She was the kind of person who'd buy
from one, | guess. She was the kind of person who'd get
knocked up because she thought babies were cute. She
wouldn't take responsibility for a life. She barely took
responsibility for her own. I saw food stamps on the
kitchen table. Food stamps? So where'd she get the
money to go to the bar?

You don't know what you have until it's gone, right?
Like you never appreciate walking until you're lying on
astone floor and in agonizing fucking pain. Or you don't
know about life until you're walking around dead.

Pretty stupid platitude, I guess.

She took me into the bedroom. It smelled like old
sex and dirty laundry. White-trash homes have a smell
to them, just like old people's homes. Now that I think
about it, they're sort of similar. Maybe because white
trash is old and burnt out before their time?

She had a waterbed. I hate waterbeds. But I wasn't
going to fuck her. I was there to feed. I didn't actually
think that. It was like when you're 17 and on a date and
you think she might put out but you don't want to even.
imagine it, because then you'll be disappointed when it
doesn't happen. Except it wasn't like she could tell me
no. I wasn't there to do anything with her. I was there to
do it to her. I thought about that, like it was some kind
of violation. She turned her back on me and slipped out
of her jeans all sexy like...

Like a fucking dagger in the back. Shouldn't have
tried to move. Damn it.

Ibit her shoulder. She started to gasp like I was going
down on her or something. I started thinking about her
puppy and her food stamps and her useless life, and was
just drinking slow at first, and she was squirming and
moaning. I remembered how I feltwhen Kingston bit me
and that just pissed me off.

Ever popped open a beer or a Coke and chugged it
so fast it was gone before you knew it? So fast you just had
tohold the can in your hand asecond and marvel at what
you'd done?

I did. When I finally let her fall to the bed. She
barely jostled it.

See how smart | am, Kingston?1'll bet she smoked in
bed all the time.

The neighbor next door took the puppy in. I actu-
ally went and checked. Aren't I smart?

a>

Deseenr

Idon't know ifhe ever found out about the woman.
Fires happen. He knew I left, but I was back when he got
home. I felt like I was sixteen again, sneaking out to meet
agirl...

And drink her fucking dry. No, that's not it. [never
did, but...

He didn't care. As long as no one knew.
PRESENTATION

It was another month before I met the rest of
them. He had more shit to teach me. And I couldn't
tell Liv about that either, but | could show her. I could
walk into a room and make a girl want me. Or just
want to talk. Maybe that's what Liv did to me. |
wanted to talk. When I met the rest I wasn't allowed
to say anything but...

"Your name." Like being in front of a judge. Great
big chairs and me so small.

"John Samuels."

John Samuels is dead!

Jesus Christ man, get it together. Not dead. That's
what Liv kept saying. Not dead. Still hope. Still...

Trapped. Felt trapped by those big chairs. They
asked me other things, questions that Kingston taught
me how to answer. | felt like I knew everything they
wanted to know secondhand, like I'd heard a joke about
it once, enough to know the answer they wanted, but
standing there hoping to God they wouldn't press and
ask me any more.

I'ma big failure as a vampire, huh? Scared or angry
all the time. Not much different than being alive.

What the hell was that sound? Like a footstep or a
light switch. Are they here? Jesus Christ, are they here?
Those chairs and the men behind them?

Kids are afraid of their parents because they know
their parents could get mad and kill them. Parents do it,
you know. Read the news. Happens all the time. And it
doesn't change for vampires. We're still scared. We're a
race of Oedipus and Electras. See, Kingston, I read your
fucking books.

Rourine

Oedipus tore out his own eyes. | know what that's
like, to want to not see. Or to not feel. I wish I couldn't
feel now. You can't imagine this fucking pain. Not like
a knife. A knife is cold and clean. This is more like
slamming your hand ina car door, but that instant of the
slam lasts forever.

God, gotta quit thinking about it. I'll go crazy. Help
me, okay?

Who the fuck am talking to? The rats? One crawled
over my chin a while ago. I think that was maybe what
I heard. Just a rat. But I could feel it and I always laugh
when I do that — except I can't — because | felt


something besides this pain. Fur against my face. That's
different. Or maybe it's just been a while.

How come I can talk but | can't move? Am I talking?

I miss shaving. I used to shave in the shower. |
know my face well enough that I don't need to see it to
shave. Shaving in the shower was part of feeling clean.
After Kingston killed me, I thought it was good that I'd
showered that afternoon so I didn't have a permanent
five-o'clock shadow. Wouldn't that suck? Knowing
you'd never lose that bad haircut, those crooked teeth,
that beer gut.

I've never met a vampire with a gut. Slimming diet?

Laughing hurts. Even thinking about it hurts. Shit.

Every night it's the same. You wake up. You feed.
You watch. You wait. I spend a lot of time in arcades.
Kingston spends his time reading. I don't go to clubs
much after what happened with the skank. | like coffee
shops. I watch people talk. People are full of shit, but
they're fun to watch. They think they know shit. And
we just sit around and watch them, and sooner or later
you start having to strain to talk to them. Like you're
so far above them — or so far away — that they're
speaking a different language. And you take their
breath away.

I wish I could take a breath. But there's something
in the way.

A couple times a week Kingston had me do stuff for
him. Teach him how to run a computer program. Bal-
ance his books. Run an errand. I'm like a secretary, but
Ican't help feeling like he wanted me for something else.
Why kill me if all he wanted was a secretary?

Maybe he just didn't want to have to go out. Maybe
his old secretary died at 102 and he didn't want to have
to adjust ever again.

Ever again. Think about that, rats. You'll never
have rat-babies ever again. You'll never have to run
from a cat ever again. All you are — but never ever
again. It's worse for people, you know? Because people
do so much that changes. No food, no booze, no sex,
no sun, no wonder...

No wonder we all go crazy. No wonder we all need
routine. That's why humans know so much about us.
We're predictable as hell.

Hvis

Kingston tells me about people inviting us in. I'd
never heard that one. He tells me about garlic and
crosses. "You never know," he says. We laughed about
running water. But holy water?

Running holy water? Could a priest bless a river?

He said I had to be careful about myths, because
sometimes they work. The night after he killed me, he
told me to think of myself as human. After a year, | had
trouble with that. The language was changing. After a

while you don't speak the same language as them any-
more. And then he told me about the myths.

It would have helped if I'd read the Bible, I guess.
Seemed like every other thing he said was a Bible quote.
"Cain rose up." "God cursed so-and-so." "Angel Urinal
came down and cursed." It's all about curses. How we're
cursed, so sunlight hurts us and fire burns us. Doesn't fire
burn everything? Kingston glared when I asked him
that. Like I was interrupting a sermon. Like I'd throw off
his speech if I asked questions.

It made me wonder if I have any big brothers or
sisters. How many times have you made that speech, you
son of a bitch?

I didn't expect an answer. Did something answer? |
canstill hear, right? Smell? Nope. Feel? Like a checklist.
I know I can't see. What about the rest of it?

Sunlight, check. Garlic, check. Coffins, ha! Ha!
Stakes through the heart... oh, yeah. That old story.
Some things are true, some are false.

Immortal? You know, I actually went and looked
that word up in the dictionary. "Not subject to death,"
it means. So why were most of the lessons about self-
preservation? And besides, I had to die to become
immortal, right? How much sense does that make?

So am I immortal? No. I'm subject to death. Every
goddamned night I wake up dying again. I'm un-mortal.
How about undead? That's easier to say. It's easy to see
why a lot of us commit suicide within the first year.
Kingston told me he chose me because I was strong.

Kingston told me a lot of things.

Goo

Kingston told me about God. "The more you know,
the less you believe." His words. And then he'd tell me how
he watched worship change. Within the Catholic Church
alone. Imagine that. You're a little kid and every Sunday
you hear Mass in Latin. And then one year, it changes to
English, only by that time you're 50 years old. Every Sunday
it's in English now, only you keep saying the bits in Latin,
because that's how you learned it. Then, 40 years after that
you go to Mass and there's a guy standing next to you,
maybe 50 years old, who shakes his head and sighs right
along with you, frustrated that the Latin is gone. He
remembers it, just like you. He remembers when speaking
out against the Church was fatal, and now people wear T-
shirts with big cartoon devils on them.

"And God stays mum about the whole thing,"
Kingston reminds me. I knew that. Kingston thinks that
God never really spoke to Noah and Abraham, and that
maybe Jesus was just some guy who got caught up in
things. And J agreed with him, because it's so damned
hard to disagree with him.

But that was before. Now I think about Jesus on the
cross and wonder how long it took Him to die. I think
about nails piercing flesh and bone.

aS


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

I think every moment is my last. I wish for it. Wish
I could just be dead for real. Pretend I am. But of course
I'm not.

I think maybe God doesn't speak to people nowa-
days because He's got nothing more to say. The world is
a lie. Some of us find that out because of vampires. We
get brought into the "real world," not a world of pay-
checks and deadlines like our parents warned us about,
but a world of blood and patience. Maybe there's no
room for God in that world.

Isitmy imagination or does talking about God make
the pain more bearable? | think it's my imagination. I
don't think God knows where I am.

Maybe God's got more of a place in the real world.
After all, miracles still happen here. Kingston can get a
halo if he wants one. I can become strong like Samson.
Liv can...

Save my soul? Die for my sins?

Oh, please, no. Not that. I... oh, God... my sins can
stay. They can stay.

Yuen Kee

The first time was the woman Kingston brought me,
but I don't know if that counts. Then the skank. Did she
die for her own sins? Staying out too late, drinking and
ignoring her dog? Are those sins punishable by death?

You judge people every day. I'm nota racist. Never
was. But one day when I was about 20, some black dude
cut me off in traffic and before I knew what | was saying,
the words were there: "Damn nigger."

I still judge people. It's just the way people see
things: in their own terms. And some folks go through
life thinking that their terms are wrong and sinful, and
others think theirs is the way. Others don't really care
about right or wrong.

A vampire is always in the last group. We don't care
about right and wrong. We care about blood and living
to see tomorrow. And that means that if you ever try to
see things from other folks' perspective, you stop

It was almost a year before | killed again. It was one
week to the day before I met Livia. I was at a coffee shop
hitting on this pretty...

Soon I'm going to scream. Pretty soon. Pain...
just... why when I try to think about Livia? Or death?
Why does it flare up then?

Girl was reading The Prince, and I said I'd read it.
And soon we were chatting and then this guy came in
and started glaring at us. Her ex, she said. And then
suddenly he gets this look in his eye like he knows me.
And he comes straight for me holding out a cross.

Kingston was wrong. God's around. He's just got a
fucked up sense of timing.

I don't know why, but it pushed me back until I was
up against the window. Was I just scared? Startled?

Some people around us actually started clapping. They
thought it was a show. Like poetry night, right? The girl
grabbed his shirt and pulled him back. | ran to my car.

[killed the first time out of anger. I killed that guy
because he...

I guess it'd be macho of me to say, "He pissed me off"
or "Stole my dinner" or some shit like that. No. That
night I finally understood Kingston and all his bullshit
about self-preservation. I understood being scared. The
guy scared me. So I waited for him to leave. Parked in a
lot across the street from the coffee shop. The guy finally
left — alone — and I tailed him to a college campus. I
followed him to a computer lab.

3:01 A. M. on the desktop clock. One other guy in
the lab. The kid sat with his back to the door. How stupid
can you be?! told the guy in the lab to fuck offand he did.

Ido what Kingston says when he glares, too. It's not
a hard trick.

1 grabbed the kid from behind and crushed his
throat. I picked him up and helped him to his car like he
was drunk. | left him there and went back to the
computer room because there was something on the
computer that I didn't.

Hear it. I did hear it. There's something else
fucking down here with me! Hunters? Do hunters
hunt... vampires?

Hunters on the net? Is that what I saw?

The computer was on a porn site when I got back.
I turned it off, then went back out, pulled him out of
the car and beat his body with a tire iron. Gang-
jumped. Shit happens.

I couldn't recognize the kid when I walked away. I
wish — can I think this? Is it allowed or does it make me
pussy? I wish I could have let him go. Him orme? The kid
was protecting girl. He was right. [was wrong. But | was
stronger and smarter.

1 asked Kingston about humans and if any really
know. He said they shouldn't, and if they do we should
silence them. It's funny to watch Kingston dance. Si-
lence, Kindred, feed. Kill, vampire, drink blood. But he
said there used to be humans who knew, and they tried
to kill us. He said they only found the stupid ones. He
says luck doesn't matter. Neither does determination on
humans' part. Just stupid vampires getting burnt to a
crisp because they fucked up.

So it's all about us. Selfish bastard. We see things
from our own point of view. It could never be that people
want to survive and notbe sucked dry, right, you asshole?
No, it's got to be about us, the kings of the fucking world.

That's why I'm different from Kingston. I think it's
all about them. I guess | always did. He tried to burn that
out of me. Tried to burn away my humanity. Held me up
by my heel and burned it away but missed a spot.


Greek myths are all about sex and blood and pain,
Sisyphus on the mountain. Tantalus in the water.
Samuels in the basement. Alll because he missed a spot
And a week after ctucifix-boy died, Liv found me.

Livia

I met her one week to the day after my third kill.
[remember nightmares. That whole week every time
I'dsleep I'd have nightmares. I'd dream that I was ina
coffee shop, walking from table to table looking for
food, but everybody was blond or male, and they all had
crucifixes and they'd hold them out. And then I'd
dream of fire in my

Chest is fucking killing me. You break your leg
and it subsides to a dull ache. Every goddamned
second of this is...

Torture. Sleep deprivation is torture. Food depriva-
tion is torture. Sensory deprivation — you know they
use that as therapy? Bullshit. Try taking away someone's
senses and then hooking electric current up to him. You
don't get used to it. How long before the victim passes
out from the pain?

What if the victim can't pass out? Or can't die?
Or can't...

Liv. A week later and still dreaming of the guy with
the crucifix. Some vampire, huh? | avoided coffee shops
altogether and stuck to clubs and bars. [was hungry as hell

because I barely fed enough to wake up every evening. If
ahunter found me then, I'd have been fucked. I'd have
been one of the stupid vampires that Kingston talks
about. Too stupid to come in out of the rain?

That's what she said to me. She asked me if was too
stupid to come in out of the rain. I was standing in the
parking lot of a coffee shop, trying to make up my mind

to go in. She was standing under the awning, smoking.
Iwas glad she said it, because it pissed me off. | thought
I could drink her, even though | don't like smokers'
blood. Kind of chalky and...

God, am I bleeding? Jesus, what then? Do I bleed
until I can't even talk or think? I can't feel under me so
I don't know how bad it is. I've never been shot or
stabbed, and I don't know if we still bleed. We don't piss.
We don't cum. Do we bleed?

Why does it hurt so bad to think about Livia? Fuck
the pain. I can do it. I need to do it. Maybe she can help.
But it's like before, when you don't want to think about
it because you might jinx yourself.

I don't believe in jinxes.

Livand I sat down, she drank her coffee and we talked.
She spoke the fucking language. I didn't feel like 1 was
talking to a baby ora pet. I felt like I was talking toa person.

No, wait, because I'm not a person. | felt like a
person. With Liv. That's what it was. Not that she was
different. It was that she made me feel different

She knew the guy with the crucifix. Knew about
him, anyway. Mentioned it to me, thathe'd been jumped
and beaten to death in the campus parking lot the same
night he'd pulled out a crucifix and assaulted some guy.
Thad to laugh — "assaulted." He couldn't have assaulted
me if he tried.

So why did you kill him, asshole?

He did assault me. But he was right. He stepped to
me and I folded. And Liv knew it. She knew about him
and me.

She said the word, Kingston, not me. She called me
out, right there in the coffee shop but quietly. "Are you
a vampire?"

What the fuck do you say to that? What would you
have said, Kingston? You'd have glared at her and told
her to forget all about you. I tried that. It didn't work.
She just sat back in her chair and glared back.

You know that nightmare where you're naked at
school or on stage and can't remember a line? Or
when you're falling? If you die in the dream, do you
really die? If you say, "Yes," will she run screaming or
pull out a crucifix?

1 wanted to know. God, I just wanted to talk to
someone again!

So I said, "Yes." And then, "Now what?"
Deccanarion

Now — then — we left the coffee shop and went to
the campus library to a study room. The whole time my
mind was yelling, "Kill her!" See, Kingston, I'm not so
dumb. It was on the tip of my tongue. But I couldn't
because she was...

Liv. We sat down with books about vampires and
she asked me to tell her the truth. I remembered about
secrecy and I tried to lie, but it was either tell the truth
or say nothing at all. Most of the time I said nothing.
She'd asked, "True about sunlight?" All I could do was
think about Kingston and him glaring at me and his
words sinking into my head. He must have done that
every night for weeks, glared at me while he talked about
staying quiet, except...

Except he wasn't speaking. Wait a minute. He
wasn't speaking but the words were there.

Mother fucker. He was training me.

Are you there, Kingston? You were training me?
You were controlling me and hypnotizing me not to
talk? Can you fucking hear me?

No, he can't, you idiot. You aren't talking. Si-
lence, remember? You haven't heard anything but
the rats and the...

Hunters. I asked her about hunters. She kind of
stammered and told me that some folks hear the voice of
God and God tells them shit. And I'm thinking, I knew
it. [knew He still talks. He brings people into the real world

at!


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

But it wasn't like I could really explain it. Every time I
tried, I'd feel like my mouth was full. Like my mind was
a blood clot. Kingston, damn you. You stole my tongue
and crushed my mind, but I still told her...

What I wanted. Liv. I told Liv what I wanted. Liv.
I wanted..

To live.

Possieitinizs

Like an alcoholic saying, "I've got a drinking prob-
lem." I wanted to live. Liv said she'd help me if | helped
her. She didn't want to kill us. She wanted to...

I never believed in redemption. I still don't. Maybe
this is Purgatory. Maybe if I believe, I'll be free.

I believe! I believe!

I didn't buy it, either. Not at first. But she told me
things. She could take my hand and know things about
me that I'd almost forgotten. Stuff about my job and my
friends and my girl.

Jesus, I had a girl when all this shit started, back
when I was alive. What the fuck was her name?

It was Joan. Liv reminded me about Joan. But it was
all someone else's life. She needed some way to make it
real for me, she said. It was too long ago — really more
like too much ago, if that makes any sense.

The night she showed me the video, it started to
sink in, I think. She wasn't the only one. There were
others like her, but not. Like, most of them are soldiers
and she's the medic. Or the priest. Something like that.
And they are on the net! I remember now. I remember
her rattling off some web address once, in passing, and I
just let it go, but that crucifix kid knew about it. She said
sometimes they just know things. Like about that site or
about people who are dead.

Like me, I guess. Only she always called me...

John. I can't remember when somebody called me
by my firstname. Kingston alwayssaid "Samuels," and so
did most of my friends. She said, "Here, John, watch the
video. Maybe this will help

The video was of hunters killing a vampire. Real
hunters. Like her. One of them held out a crucifix. I
think I would have pissed myself, if | could have. The
vampire — I didn't know him, but Kingston said later
on that one of the big guy's childer was missing. I didn't
say anything.

Least, | don't think I did. I don't know when I talk
to Kingston.

They killed the vampire. Forced him back and
locked him in place somehow. Held him there and
burned him. The guy carrying the camera zoomed in on
him as he burned. The vampire was screaming some-
thing in Spanish or Italian or something. | caught the
word "inferno" or something like that. Liv said he was
afraid of going to hell.

Liv was outside. The guy with the camera kept it on,
and it was like the screen was bouncing as he ran and
then Liv's face filled the frame and she said, "You didn't
let me talk to him. I could have saved him," and shit like
that. Then she stormed off. Cut. That's a wrap.

So that's what happens if they...

Found me? Have they? I heard it. Oh, shit, I heard
it that time. I can't move. They're going to burn me oh
God it's...

Nothing. Just a door upstairs. Kingston going out. I
don't know what time it is or how long I've been down
here. I can't sleep like this. Must be nighttime..

Liv told me that they'd come for me and try to burn
me. Must have been night, but somehow I remember it
being bright. Wasn't the study room. Must have been.
the second time we met, at her place. I should have
killed her that first time, but ] wanted something from
her. I wanted her to save me. She said maybe she could.

After the video, after watching that vampire burn, |
didn't care if she could. I knew she would try. I was scared
again, just like with the crucifix, but I didn't know who
any of the hunters were. The only one I knew was Liv.

Yes, I fucking confess. I was going to play along and
get to the others. Give them to Kingston as a surprise. |
don't know. Maybe give Kingston to them. I'd never do
that. I'd never think it.

I'dneverend up someone's bitch, but look at me now.

So I could be hunted or I could be saved. Liv said
she'd hide me from the others, keep them off track while
she worked with me. After about a month, I didn't care
about the others anymore. | didn't want them dead. I
wanted to live. It wasn't about me. It wasn't about
survival. It was about. .

Redemption. It's possible? Will these stains come
out?

Oh, that's right. I

LenRNING

Itwas five months between the night Liv showed me
that video and the night I ended up down here. We'd
meet twice a week. Never on the same days. We agreed
that she wouldn't give away any personal stuff. But after
awhile, you know, you pick things up.

I knew she was in school, and I suspected that she
worked at the library, because she'd shelve books kind
of on reflex. | knew she liked coffee because it was
always on her breath, but that she didn't smoke much,
because she didn't fidget like real smokers do. We'd
talk for hours.

We tried out everything. Holy water, garlic, crosses,
running water, salt, roses, everything. Only things I
wouldn't let her try were sunlight and stakes. We both
agreed that Kingston was just being paranoid or mislead-
ing about fire, because, duh, fire burns everything. She

have to get a new shirt


wrote it all down. She knows what works, even if can't
think or say it now or then because that fucking douche
bag made a clay bowl with my mind. I remember some
of it. Holy water stung a little, but then she's nota priest.
Salt looked confusing, but I didn't feel like counting it
—maybe because I'm not Chinese?

But I learned to play "Go." That's Japanese.
Never mind.

The rose hurt. The rose on my chest hurt. The
thorns hurt. She wrote that down.

She asked me questions, and | tried. I think I talked
about that already. Talked about it — I can't even lick
my lips. I can't talk. The echoes are my imagination.
Aren't they?

1 missed a meeting with Liv. I've been down here
that long, I'm sure I have. The only time she missed a
meeting with me, I went to her apartment and looked up
at her window like a junkie missing a fix.

She learned a lot from me. | think the rest of them,
the big men in their big chairs, would burn me for
talking. | know they would. I think Liv's friends would
burn me for being what I am

What I am? Shit. What I fucking am?

1 asked her that once! I asked her, does it make
any difference that | am what I am because Kingston
liked the way I played "Go"? I'm not a killer who
chose this! I'd go back if I could. I would. But that's
not possible, is it?

My face, what's wrong with... just the roof leaking.
Except I'm in the basement. Fuck.

Vampires cry blood. I found that out. Real pussy.
But if it's not possible to go back, what then? She
said I could...

Liv.No. That isn't what she said. She said I could...

Die clean. Die with a clean soul.

What the fuck does a human know about dying? I
said that and she just smiled, and I knew I was just
bluffing because I was scared. She said, "I may not know
about dying but I know about clean."

1 learned about clean souls from her. And I think
what we agreed on was that some things just shouldn't
happen. Some things just should not be. Maybe I'm one
of them.

Tue Plan

We worked it out. Figured it out. Everybody I'd ever
fed on. It took us months, both of us working on it, but
we figured out who they all were. Some of them — the
waterbed girl, the crucifix guy — were easy and some of
them I could barely remember.

I didn't feed on the crucifix guy. His name was
George. I didn't feed on him, but he was stilla victim. He
was protecting Celina Hartson, andso Liv made me pray
for her, too.

CHAPTER 3: DEAD BUY HOPEFUL

The first woman, the one that Kingston got me
when he killed me, she was hard to find. I had to bring
Liv here to figure that one out. And we know what
happened then.

We don't. I do. When we were here at the house..

At the house? No, it was burned down. Different
house. Waterbed house. Remember? I burned it so it
would look like she was smoking. She had no family and
her name was Nancy...

Nancy...what? Nancy Marks. And her puppy was
living with a neighbor and wasn't patchy anymore.

Pray for the souls of your victims, if you wish

Kingston's words.

But it's just a parental phrase. "Stop or I'll turn this
car around." They don't mean it.

But I didit. We found them all and I prayed for them
all. Nancy Marks, amen. George Satow, amen. Celina
Hartson, amen. I believe, | believe.

We figured itall out. Not remorse. Who cares if feel
guilty, I asked Liv. They're still dead. And she said
remorse isn't the point. Acceptance and repentance.
You fucked up and you know it.

So what do you do when you've said you're sorry?
Wait for the ray of light from heaven?

Something like that.

Bevnayat

But I meant it. Swear to God. Cross my heart..

My heart is fucking crossed. I meant it. I meant
the prayers but she still thought I was using her when
it all came down. She knew I was lying but I didn't
know I was lying because of Kingston and his
goddamned stare.

She asked, "Is that all?" I said yes, but it wasn't. I was
forgetting the very first one because all I'd seen was
blood and light...

Was that a light? I can't see anything now, but I
swear I just saw a light. But not like fire. Not even alight
bulb. More like the light on a...

Computer. We got on the computer and traced back
through obituaries from the day I died. I remember the
date. Kingston didn't change my mind on that. We
didn't find anything. So who was she? I don't know. Liv
didn't believe me. Thought I was hiding it, but I swear
to her, I swear. I never knew her. I never knew her name.
She was just a meal that Kingston brought me.

Liv said, "If we go to where she died, I can try to
find out."

I said, "That's a trap."

No. I said, "Okay, come with me."

I thought it was a trap.

I knew it was.

Oh, God, I led her here.


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

{asy Rives

Itwasnearly midnight when we got here. Last night.
A year ago. Shit, I don't know anymore.

She started looking around like she wanted to find
a piece of that woman. Clothing. Anything. But it'd
been more than a year. What was going to be left?

So she said I'd have to remember it for her.

Sure thing. No problem. Oh, God, fucking pull out my
heart. I said wouldn't remember this. I didn't want to but...

I did it. I told her all about it, about dying, about the
light I saw, and she liked that — knew she would. I told
her about the woman. That was the hard part, remember-
ing, remembering that first time then having to tell Liv
about that awful glutted feeling I had. And then Liv...

Fell. God, what just fell? Heard something upstairs.
Something fell. Kingston! Kingston, you home? Let me
out. I'll be good. I'll be...

Liv. She fell because someone shot her. Small gun.
Not fatal. Not much blood. They knew she'd be there.
They fucking followed her, but who betrayed who? Did
she bring me there to kill me and Kingston or did I bring
her there to kill her and her friends?

Fourrt Kite

The fucker who shot her died first. I grabbed a
sculpture-thing off Kingston's coffee table and threw it.
He looked surprised, then dead. I heard more of them. I
pulled Liv into the room and laid her on the couch. She
looked okay, just out and in pain. She was whispering
something. A prayer. I didn't know it. I stroked her face.
Her hair wasn't naturally brown. That's maybe what
saved her way back when. Never meta girl who dyed her
hair brown before. Like she wasn't normal enough. I
only feed on brunettes. She wasn't.

Did she trick me? Did | trick her? Myself? I never fed
on her, did I? I couldn't have.

I got up and went into the hallway. Rightover where
Iam now, I think. I could hear a car running outside. I
looked out the window. I saw a gray SUV. I saw it before,
in the video.

They used night goggles. She told me that. I remem-
ber night-sights. My brother brought a pair home once.
He was in the service. Night-sights are useless when
every lamp in the house and a bunch of ceiling lights
suddenly come on. So I flipped a panic switch. Hunters
don'texpect vampires to like bright light. I picked up the
gun from the dead guy. Still loaded, .22. So they planned
this. They knew. They knew they were gonna shoot Liv.
Fiera Ki

The second hunter was in the kitchen. He had a
cross out. I felt him push me back, but I wasn't more than
six feet away when I shot him. Twenty-twos look like
rabbit turds, but at that range, a bullet's a bullet. He fell
over. I still felt like he was pushing me back.

I'd never shot anybody before. I felt it all slipping
away. All the prayers and time I'd spent. I knew there
were more of them somewhere, but I couldn't hunt them
down. I just couldn't. What if they were right? What if
I shouldn't be? I shouldn't be...

Talking. How am I talking? Can I hear myself?
The echoes? I don't think I'm really talking. I think
I'm hallucinating.

I think I've been here for months. If so, then
Kingston moved the bodies.

1 moved the body. It left a bloody trail in my head.
No, across the kitchen floor, and I stopped because I
remembered Liv. I ran back to the room she was in and
she was trying to sit up. She was bleeding from the bullet
wound. She was whispering.

Icouldn't hear when I walked in. I tried to help her
up but she grabbed me and then I knew.

"Harry Ballew," she said. "Jim Turner."

The two men I'd just killed.

She hadn't given up, so I'm damned if I'm going to.

Yeah, probably. Damnation is like this, like con-
stant pain and fire.

Bet it's worse, says Liv in my head. She always said
stuff like that. I hope she's still alive.

Isat with her for hours. Maybe not. Maybe just long
enough to get the names. | prayed again. Harry Ballew,
amen. Jim Turner, amen. The-woman-who-died-in-
this-room, amen.

Sandra Atkins, amen. I don't know how Liv figured
itout. But | was praying for the other two and she grabbed
my hand all excited and said "Sandra Atkins." I started
praying again. And then we stood up, and I felt...

Kingsrox

‘A door opened. There was Kingston. He raised a
gun. Liv shouted. He missed. I stepped back because he
made me. He fired again. Liv shouted. He missed again.
He came closer.

She looked at me.

Amillion yearsin that look. A millionprayers.A million
victims quieted. What the hell is Liv? Not like the ones who
want tokill. Doing God's work, maybe, but Liv never wanted
to kill me as much as she wanted me to figure it out.

Ithink maybe I did. I grabbed Kingston and threw him
out the window. It's only ashort drop to the ground. ButLiv
had time to run. I had to stay. I couldn't run out with
Kingston around. He might get angry. He might get...

Liv. She told me to finish it. She ran — still stum-
bling, still bleeding — and I saw her get into the SUV —
but not driving? Someone else. In the video there were
four of them, not counting Liv. I only killed two.

Only.

She told me to finish it, and to pray for Kingston
before I did.


Q

AA

Kingston came back. I heard him crash through the
door. I don't know how Liv got by him. He came into the
room and his stone wall face changed to disappointment.
I wanted to die for failing him. To die clean for Liv

Is what I feel for him love? For Liv? | can't love Liv.
Ican't..

Liv. He walked forward and asked me what the hell
Iwas doing. I think I told him. Not like I could resist. But

4

damned much! I knew Liv's address, the
Jead men. I knew what God said to her

I knew so Gos
names of the

One word. "Clean."
Tue Basemenr

I stopped talking to Kingston. I got on my knees and
started praying for everybody again. So fast I couldn't
even understand the words.

Nancymarksamengeorgesatowamencelina
hartsonamenliviasellersamenharryballewamen
kingstonamen. | think I got all the way to Kingston
before he hit me.

He looked at me hard again. Really hard. That's
when the pain started. He threw me in the basement in
the dark. It's like a sensory deprivation chamber

You can't hear. When you can't hear, you can't tell
if you're talking.

if you're talking.

What the fuck was that? My own voice. I heard it
I know I did, but not like an echo like a...

Recording. Oh, God. But who? Who's recording?

Who knows I'm here?

Kingston. Liv. The hunters. Too many

So what do they know? What have I said? How
much was in my head and how much have I said?

Come out, fuckers! Come out! I'm not saying any-
thing else

What's that? Heard a voice. Not mine. Heard some-
one sa

"Die clean."
Right. I prayed for all the victims. Who's left?
Oh, yeah.

Our Father who art in heaven...

Iheard a door. Upstairs. Could someone be listening?
Hallowed be thy

name.

Father? Kingston? Dad? I just want to say I'm sorry
but fathers never buy it. "I'll turn this car around." They
lie, so they think you lie.

Thy kingdom come

Oh, God, please. Let it. I don't want this forever. |
didn't mean for all this. How much was me and how
much was Kingston's stare? I asked Liv that once. She


Oraker

T received this tape in the mal. Speciticaly, + was iin my mailbox at-work. Tt heel no werleings
on it other thindiny name. The real-clere doesn't recal putting + there, Give ita listen dnd tell'
me bow genuine you thine Ht is. There are severd stops ard starts, usudky when" Saruels" starts
raving chout hearing something. I admit that the emotion in his voice sounds real, hut then, we've

heen moved by Geotors, right?

Tit tell you a few things T know: As" Samuels" points aut - corvenenty, TL think ~ ‘sensory
deprivation does make you halucinate. Also, if you can't bear yourself, yeu do tered te babble: be-
case you can't del youre cetudly spedting, Mates sense so ber, vid? Bit T've reed transonpts
of cetud sensory deprivation cases (they do use # for theropy ard some folis do it to relax').
"The transcripts are rarely as orderly or as linear os this (are! this isn't all that erdery, T\ know).
However, notice how the speadter skips around with events, time: and tense (sensory deprivation
subjects: often lose tiacl of tive; miredes seem lice hours). He gereraly seems agitated = hut
never once seems out of breath. :

Nowhere in this tepe does Saruels" mention the address of "Livia," oreen her last name,
uness. t's. in that jumble of names rear the end (see what you think, you're the electronics
genius). However, fis description does sound a hit like the "Livia" we know (and honesty, how
mary women by that rame have you med?) De fourd no mention of any of these events on
burter-net, dven though " Samuels" refers te Hoon the tape. OF course, since few folis mention
their city by name, it's' possible that I might have rissed H. There are other names mentioned,
ard turning them through various nas feeds, Ifound that George Sataw died on the: Ohio'
Stete University campus. Likewise, Nancy Mars' home hurred down fav months before. Satew's
murder. However, if Belew ane Turrer cotualy dled die in "Kingston's" house, L cary Find ne record.
of their deaths. Both are currently listed as missing persons (Turner's wite. is stil qoing nuts, and
T haven't fourd the courcge - or the right way — to tell ber). OF course, if they diel die ina
rot's home; 4 would probably have disposed of the hedies pretty thoroughly: T-haven't beer able to
contact Livia lately, either, ane LT don't lina who the dkiver of the var was. I sure os hell
wasn't there. It wasn't you, was 4?

Firaly, check out the clipping I've enclosed. I+ casts. some credibility on the whole thing. But
TSH fired mysell worlering: Wes Someboely set up here? Who, ara who wes bebipel #2 Greston?
Samuels? Us? The "men in the chairs". - possibly a lind of ruling bocky Grong hoodsuckers?, I have
to celit Lim & little confused, I dutiys soy, "LE something happens ard you elon't know why,
ask yoursell who benefits from it," Frari\y,.T can't figure cud who wirs by sending we this tape.
Tf H's From another ore of usy why not include a way to. comtact him? TE it's trom a rot,
there's encuch interwation here to qve us an edge - assuming. any of t's vaiel, Aer al, cur own
experience with vampires only contiims that they hair, ard thee" Samuels" says, everything hurrs.
Some, of the other precautions he mentions — sat (the assumption being thad @ vampire wil stop
ard count the grains), roses (which supposedly immohlize a vampire if paced on its chest), ard the
other more familar ones - ore ditticut to test in the field. Livia might wel have tested them, but
why basn't she shared + with us? Is she in the hospital? T haven't heard from ber. Aryaty, the
holes in the story ard the generd'corvenience of 4 all lead me to believe that part or a! of this
wos Fated. ‘i

T woud realy like to believe thet. Saruels found God ard "died clean," but I'm reminded of
that woman in Texas who luled people with on ax andl then Found Jesus in_prison. Do. last-minute
conversions count? And is this even a gentine conversion? Samuels admits to falling under what
sourdls lie pind coretrol-by \Greston. Dan't- you thine that would contuse your judement hon Ht

Arparty, this tepe raises more, questions than it answers: Until T do some more pol
Tm not ging to post o transcript on the inet.

Let me lunow what, you think.

= Reyritdls


OP ie ol 2 ew 6

i called to the
COLUMBUS — Police were Cal
scene of house fire at 2134 Brighton Aye. es
emergency workers discovered a mutilated ly.
the premises.
2 Fieh ighters arrived to battle the blaze around
5:00 AM, They brought the fire under control py
midtaominge after which arson investigators foun
adeeapitated corpse in the basement. ge
Although police hayenot released the identity
of the body, they said interviews with neighbors
led them to believe it is not that of homeowner
Alfred Kingston, whom authorities wish oe
i i dy was
i lice spokesman said the bo :
els gad taesibes for tony agent
preceding the fire. Ke

CHAPYER 3:DEAD BUY HOPEFUL

said that if I didn't know, I had to assume it was all me.
Harsh, but safer that way. i
Thy will be done..
Tellme what todo. Tell
se's soul is on my conscien,
On Earth as it is in He
Maybe God
word. Please.
Give us this day our daily bread
I can't get the words out. Forgive
Thope. No way to know until
trust and pray and forgive...
As we forgive those who trespass against us.
| forgive you, Kingston. I forgive you. You didn't
bring out anything in me that w asn't already there. I was
jronster before Iwas a vampire. Nothing is inevitable.
Ie's not all about them or us. It's all about...
And lead us not into temptation...
Footsteps on the stairs
But deliver u
the Power and tk

me who else to pray for. Who
ce? I'll do it. I'll be clean.
aven.

el

d just doesn't know w hat to say. Just a
, and forgive us

€ us Our trespasses.
the light. Just have to

Better make this quick.
s from evil. For thine is the
he Glory, now and forever...
Key in the door. Light. G
Now and forever.

Amen.

Kingdom,

‘od, light. You. Yeah. Do it



Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments, and the
statutes, and the judgments, which I command thee this day ,
to do them.

— Deuteronomy 7:11


HUNYER: THE NOCTURNAL

METER ARCHITECTURE

February 11

To Mr. Rifkind:

Kindly keep your janitorial staff in line. I have expressed time and again that, due to the delicate
responsibilities to which I attend for the Meier architectural firm, I am not to be disturbed. I keep an
office on the twelfth floor to be used during off hours so that your clean-up crew may attend to the site
manager's trailer, where my daytime office is located.

Should you need to reach me, you have numerous numbers, including a cell phone, pager, office
numbers and even personal numbers. There is no excuse for the repeated disruption caused by your
staff. If they deem it absolutely necessary to exercise their duties in my office, then please make
arrangements with me ahead of time.

Both the Meier firm and my own consultation company have called upon Brightways Custodial
Services numerous times in the past and have never before had a problem with them. Having
addressed these concerns previously, I cannot help but note a growing degree of dissatisfaction with
the current direction of the staff's behavior. While I have reservations against making threats, if the
nature of our relationship does not improve, we will be forced to terminate our contract and seek the
services of a company that finds it possible to comply with our needs and desires.

Sincerely,

Thomas Arturo

TA/prb

Kifhind, You Dead.
Quite simply, what is your probe?
nat is your problem? Abe you growing mon
sipped your mind? Ave you testing the lots i. A f Ml «le
he limits to which J will all,

j fow you to stray?
ai aia ay me not only for the contracts $ provide that allow you to lve y
that my own domilor was enlighte

‘am your sustenance. Do not forget that. When 9

BihasPiteet 9 staining ftom intimacy?
do well 6' remember that ae cg oe oo that, Riflind. Bat, you see, J

Yo will fad in yoie fle at Brightuays a late

employment al that

rd more ingpt as each night pasts? He some unprlinate notion of

autonomy
4

our Uf, but you need me pr that one thing

Cia taal Mien" Stall Irth Gc peer Mel

of complaint. Consider th
bo cut the vital bine re as 0s if you hit ia ipa

M4

Hs a mild warning. I understand that you will be raleved of your


GHAPYER 4: THE NIGHY MARE IS REAL

Hibriary 17

Hellone,

Please understand that Sm doing all I can to assure you a place in the Galeway. The ultimate' decision doesnt
rest with me, however, as the building is being handled by Meier and a third-party real-estate agent. $ can make
suggestions, offcourse, but as i stands, $m hesitant to push someone to the head of the line because that means ashing

What it comes doitiille, then, ts making. such a thing worth the rub J would have to invoke to pub it in
motion. I canggjel you in, but the degree of difficulty makes it so that I must ash fr more in retubp than we
had initialljé discussed.

Sin loci to speak in juch a marconarystgne, but I hriowr yout inderitand. The Kindbad ate nat dona pilithiir
transfers off favors and boons, and beltove me, real estate draws bloodsuchers of its own ith, especially in\this cy

As it standifivashave a fru options, which I will outline for your consideration and put into play depanding upon

your lasles

First, I can put your namo on the lit, plain and simple, This would not guarantee you a property in the
Galsidiy, bit isiedald: dafitaly place yommmoove the: indeed of others jochayiig Pr*pésitionCo len' hada adeads

committed to paper. This is a minor conceen, and ono that I would handle for you without needl of reciprocation
Second, I can put in a word for ypitwith one of the'real estate agents. This is abo a fpinor affrintthal J can

address with no diffcully, although, again, it is no guarantee. This will place you contrallylin the bidding war with

any number of other prospective tenants, limited only by your means. Shis places you al rish, however, as it will draw
attention from media covering the progress of the Gateway. White Im sure it would pldase you to sea your name
appear in the society and oven business pages, Im sure you bnow that sometimes all ititahes is that brief mention bo
2 curious partios to look intobygur history, J dont hnow how wall youce coverbd yourself, bubfditeration is
the better part of valor, J woulda' wank lax inquiries turning up thalfack thteSmono leiijer the man
once was. Im sure you take my Mdening
Finally, 3 have a man of mine working inside the Moisr partnership, al iahose recommendation and one of my

wine can: almost uneguivacallgsplice you in the:' Calaway. Ae problain helt is that tidtll medi giving' ap a
4 aP 4 a P A a Soar Mi

foror Meier owes me. Im afpaid $ have no recourse but to ash for a third Kiss from you if you choose to have me
undertahe this, 30 great is the sacrifice required to satisfy this course of aétion

Sine titioloed withiimerous other phojects dbabai! can much Bie easily altain a condominitan for you. Vabitrally
they dont have the prestige that this particular location" does6© have no doubt you understand thal, as much as you
fd the Gateway desirable. ot that Im ashing you to 'setle" for anything loss —we can work this out, given the
retources and commitment to the goal itself

Wah Kindest Regards,
Thomas


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

March 8

Arturo: Bruce? Are you there? It's me.

Rifkind: Yeo, str?

Arturo: Are you in the office? Or are you on one
of the common-area phones?

Rifkind: No, sir. I'm in the office. By myself.

Arturo: We have a problen, Bruce. One of your crew
wag... In a place he shouldn't have been. I've been in a
particularly hungry mood of late, ao I'm sure you know.

Rifkind: I know, sir. What's the protien, exactly?

Arturo: Well, your employee 19 no longer with us.

Gong pause)

Arturo: Bruce?

Rifkind: I'n trying to figure out what we should
do, sir.

Arturo: Don't bother thinking. I've already got 1t worked
out. What I need 1s for you to leave the site Get out Go
rack to the Brightways office and say you're dropning off

payroll or picking up HR packets or something, Tim going
to contrive an accident and I don't want you around to take

Rifkind: Are you sure, sir? I mean, I'm supposed to
ve on site until the crew leaves.

Arturo: Didn't you hear me?

Rifkind: Of... yes, siz, but even if I'm not held
accountable for the accident, I'm going to be accountable
to the office if I wasn't actually here, sir. That's the
reason they hire supervisors, to make sure that—

Arturo: Don't patronize me. Get yourself to that
office. Tel then you need some temporary employment
enrollment forms — tell then you need extra manpower
tonight and you're hiring temps from the site's scab pool.
‘That'D corroborate the accident. It'l look like there was
90 much work to be done somebody messed up and got hurt,

Rifkind: AN right, sir. If that's what you want. T
stil think—

Arturo: It doesn't matter what you think, I call the
shots here, understand? Just do what you're told. Now

Rifkind: Yes, siz.

Arturo: Give me at least two hours, When you return,
come up and see me, I‘ tell you the cover story.

Rifkind: Consider it done, sir.

‘the tlame or to have to make a statement,

METER ARCHITECTURE

March 10

TO: Mr. Bruce Rifkind

FROM: Thomas Arturo

RE: Rosendo Cabrera, et. al.

CONFIDENTIAL,

Mr. Rifkind:

Pursuant to the unfortunate events of 8 March, weare forced to make a few adjustments to the current staffing environment
provided by Brightways Custodial Services. What follows is a list of employees to be terminated and a brief synopsis of other
actions to be undertaken on the authority of Thomas Arturo by Mr. Bruce Rifkind. Allow these employees to serve
approximately two more weeks of their contracts and then begin the process of their termination.

The termination of the following Brightways employees is to be effective by 31 March.

Jesus Degetau — Two shifts' severance pay; no benefits.

Luis Castaiio — Two shifts' severance pay; no benefits.

Sila Muitoz — Two shifts' severance pay; no benefits (notwithstanding current insurance claim 36093133-6).

Hector Echeverria — No severance pay; no benefits. Echeverria has been overheard speaking to other employees about the
nature of the death of Mr. Cabrera, speculating that unwholesome forces seem to be moving behind the scenes. This sort of
conspiratorial rabble-rousing is unbecoming of an employee, contract or otherwise, and serves only to undermine the morale
of employees who will still devote their services to Brightways and the Gateway contract.

John McCormick —No severance pay; no benefits. McCormick is a known alcoholicand has been witnessed imbibing alcohol
during shift hours. Terminating McCormick's employment comes as a result of this infraction of rules and safety precautions, as
well asa known association with Echeverria. McCormick's tongue will remain silent so long as itis obvious to him that the reasons
for his termination are alcohol-related — he will not speak up for fear of being given a damning reference in the future.

Orlando Calderon — Two shifts' severance pay; no benefits, although benefits may continue through extension of wife
Ynez's benefits. The wife shall remain employed by Brightways under contract to Meier Architecture Group, LLC. Under this
arrangement, the wife will remain quiet in order to remain employed and the terminated husband will keep quiet so as not to
jeopardize the couple's sole avenue of income. Should Ynez Calderon become a problem in the future, immediate termination
shall occur with immediate cessation of pay and benefits.

The $50 per employee distributed as a loyalty retainer on 8 March is to be taken from the petty cash account maintained by
Meier Architecture Group, LLC and logged as a custodial supply disbursement.

Additional awareness of employees at this point is necessary. Those overheard to be gossiping about the unfortunate events
of 8 March are to be terminated without warning, so that they may be made examples to their fellow employees.

Those employees who have been relieved of duties are to be escorted from the work site at the time of their releas:

TA Rind — abe care of this. I will be down to join you fr as many of the releases as I can, s0 that J


Mazen i6
Ugly Vampire: Don't play all high-and:- y with me,
Arturo. You can't even keep your own haven under control.

Arturo: I'm sure I don't know what you mean.

Ugly Vampire: Your haven. It's not news. Everyone
knows you've been staying at the Gateway building.

Arturo Qaughing): You're suggesting that I'm making
my haven there because I don't have one anywhere else?

Ugly Vampire: That's the word. And you've had an
accident recently. We don't know what it 19 yet, but give
us gome time and we'll turn it up

Arturo Gaughing): It was indeed an accident. Certainly
you know that I'm an architect. I'm overseeing the
completion of a project, I've signed on with one of the kine's
companies to consult. Perhaps having a pb or responsi
hilities 1s foreign to one such as you, whose only priorities
geen to be accumulating new reserves of stench, but fc
those of us who make actual contributions to the w
we share with our vessels, we must exert an actual effort.
T have an office on the site and nothing more. Ask a few
of the others here. I've taken then there as they're
interested in purchasing property at that location.
ly Vampire: And about your accident?

Arturo: Ag I mentioned before, it was merely an
accident, It's a construction site, Such things b m. You
don't think I'd speak about it freely if I had something
to hide, do you? For all your kind's skill at ing up
information and comparing it to others in your blighted
little network, you don't seem to be very good at it.
gly Vampire: I heard that you had one of your
employees murdered,

Arturo: I'm afraid you heard wrong. I personally
made a statement to the police when they came to
investigate. The only functioning elevators we have
Tight now are the construction elevators on the outside
of the building. The shafte inside the building don't have
any cars in them yet. One of the night staff was clearing

out some of the day's debris in
preparation for having the elevators! cal indled,
je failed to securely fasten his harness to the safety

bulkhead. He lost his balance and fell. Snoop about the
hospital's records, if you wish.

CHAPTER 4: THE NIGHY MARE ISREAL

g on in your bulldin,
You're the one doing it

Arturo: More insinuations! My effluvious friend, I
invite you to take a look around the Greenwich Village
Gate. I cordially invite you, I'm afraid all you'll find
i a construction site, with ite attendant comings and
goings, accidents and petty worker's comp lawoult
threats, Unless you're a daytime~TV lawyer, you'll be
sorely disappointed, I'm proud to say.
ing to take you up on that,
I beg your pardon?

Ugly Vampire: You invited me. I'm going to crawl all
across that site. I'n going to find that y up to
something or I'n going to find something that even you
don't know about.
turo: Be my guest! Pick through it lke you would
the filthy rage of your own haven, If it means the
clearance of my good name from the slightest hint of
suspicion, I'N even roll out the red carpet for you. I
ask, of course, that you keep out of sight, but aside from
that, I'd be interested in seeing what sorts of secrets

up. By all means, to me, I can't
ith in your skills as an

now, but perhaps you can

You know better than I do, 1]

nce-gathe:

me otherwise with a little due diligence.
Ugly Vampire: I'D play your game, 0. Give me

aix weeks. If I find nothing — nothing from you
nothing that you can use — I'll offer you a boon by
way of apology, and all T ask 19 that you remain silent
about it,

Arturo: Of course And if you find something of interest?

Ugly Vampire: Then I bring it directly to you and
you owe me a favor that we'll decide later.

Arturo: An excellent challenge. I accept, I'm half-
tempted to throw distractions in your way.

Ugly Vampire Do what you want — I can tell a red
herring from the real thing, I got 1t out of you, didn't I?

Arturo: I think we both took away something th
evening. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to talk to I
Al-Asmai about his interests in the building.

Ugly Vampire: Of course. We'll speak again.

He was taken to St. Vincent's, It's
simple human error. And

fingere to point cares to
consider. In fact, I'm sure that
this vaunted information grape-
vine of yours would become quite
the laughingstock if our fel-
lows found out that the
information it yields 19 made up,
reported without accuracy or
otherwise... of little value.

Ugly Vampire: Walt. That's
what T was doing. I was
checking facts, I was making
sure it was real.

Arturo: Oh, were you? Then
why did you come directly to me?
Tt wasn't to blackmail me, was it?

Ugly Vampire: Don't overstep
yourself, Arturo. You know a9
well as I do that something's


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

Arturo: Bruce? Something's come up.

Rifkind: Yes, sir?

Arturo: One of my fellows is... onto me.

Rifkind: What would you have me do, sir?

Arturo: Well, I don't think you'll see
her about, but if you do, just know that she
has a sort of implied permission to be there
On the site, that is.

Rifkind: I'm not sure I understand you,
sir. Do you mean she'll be coming by to
review the site?

Arturo: In so many words. She'11 probably
come by to do a bit of forgivable spying. Somehow
she caught wind of the accident Mr. Cabrera had
and tried to call me on it. I managed to convince
her that everything was legitimate in hopes of
talking her down. It won't do to have others of
my kind knowing that the Gateway's going to be
the subject of... scrutiny. Right now it's just
a construction accident, but it'll sorely hurt
the property value if there are crimes
associated with the project.

Rifkind: Oh, I know that sir, but it's all
been handled on my end. Brightways has
cancelled the last check issued in Mr.
Cabrera's name, because he and his family
weren't legal citizens. In fact, there's
only been one complication.

Arturo: What's that? The medical examiner?

Rifkind: No, that's been handled as well.
Your associate Mr. Vanderweyden had that
cleaned up when I came into work this
evening, and I have a copy of the ME's report
that's going to be filed.

Arturo: And what happened to that first
ME's findings?

Rifkind: Mr. Vanderweyden has "lost" them.

Arturo: That's relieving. So what is our
problem, then?

Rifkind: Well, sir, it turns out that Mr.
Cabrera wasn't Puerto Rican after all, but
rather Cuban.

Arturo: Why is that a problem?

Rifkind: Well, the rest of the staff had
been informed that we'd be sending a wreath
to Puerto Rico to Mr. Cabrera's family.

Arturo: Oh, don't mind that. No one will
care. No one will even remember. Freudian
slip or something. Be mindful of it in the
future, but don't trip over yourself to
correct it now.

Rifkind: Understood, sir. And, to bring
this back to your original concern, how am
I to recognize your permitted guest?

Arturo: Oh, you'll know her on the off
chance that you see her, which you probably
won't. She's got a face like an Irishman's
soul: ugly as sin.

Rifkind: And you're trusting her to be
here at her discretion, sir?

Arturo: Of course not, Rifkind. You know
better than to think I trust any of these
Licks. You shouldn't even trust me outside
of the fact that I find you useful. Don't

talk to her. Don't deal with her. Don't do
anything with her. If she starts hassling
you for whatever reason tell me immediately.

Rifkind: Yes, sir. I'll be aware.

Arturo: You do that. Also, if you do see
her, tell me what she's up to. If this is a
ruse to embarrass me or the company I'1l need
to know immediately.

Marcu 2i

Rifkind: Miss Carney? I'm Bruce Rifkind.
You asked me to meet you for lunch concerning
a bit of business for mutual friends of ours.

Carney: Well! It's a pleasure to meet you,
Mr. Rifkind—

Rifkind: Call me Bruce.

Carney: Allright, Bruce. Please call me Rebecca.
Ihave a folder here... here it is... that includes a
copy of a medical examiner's report for a Mr.
Rosendo Cabrera... and a second report—

Rifkind: Please... let's keep this down a bit.

Carney: Ah, yes. My error. Anyway, here's
the folder.

Rifkind: You said it's a copy. Has the original
been destroyed?

Carney: To the best of our knowledge. Iran this
copy at the request of an assistant DA. I haven't
seen any other requests for it, however, and I'm
the assistant to the ADA handling the case.

Rifkind: There haven't been any insurance
companies stepping up to claim the case?

Carney [laughing]: Insurance companies? Want-
ing to turn up claims? Insurance companies don't
‘want any claim to surface that doesn't have to, Bruce.

Rifkind: Oh, I know that Rebecca. I was just
wondering if there's been any other interest in
this particular case.

Carney: There hasn't. That first ME's report
maybe made it as far as the morgue, and even
then it would have been superseded by the more
recent one. That's actually probably where it
disappeared . Whoever was in charge of keeping
the body in the drawer would have thrown it
away when the new report came down.

Rifkind: Then where did you get a copy of it?

Carney: Public records. It's the only copy, as
I said. As it stands, the new report would be the
one in circulation or on file at the department.

Rifkind: Then it occurs to me that this is
profoundly illegal.

Carney: Very much so. But every now and then,
laccidentally drop a file on the way to the shredder.
By the time I notice that I've dropped it... well, I'm
sure one of my colleagues found it in the hall and
noticed that it was marked for document destruc-
tion. It must have made it to the shredder eventually.

[Long silence]

Rifkind: Why do you do this, Rebecca?

Carney: I'm sure I do it for the same reasons
you do, Bruce. Everybody in New York is lonely
until they find the right person. I've found mine.
I think you've found yours, too.

Rifkind: Hm. I hope you're right. Because,
sometimes, I don't think I am.


Maren 22

Short and sweet, Arturo. It's taken me only two weeks
to dig up the bats in your belfry, if you'l pardon the
expresoion. Well, never mind... I don't really care if you
do or not.

Ag it turns out, you owe me a favor. Let's discuss
terms and I'N give you the details. I'm making a copy
of this tape and backing it up in a few other media,
0 you can have the gist of the situation right now.
One of your employees is living in your building. I have
hig name and parts of his file here with me, but you
already have access to those. It turns out that he lost
his apartment a few days ago and has been staying at
the construction site ever since. I'm surprised you
haven't run across him yet, but it's true he has been
taking extra precautions with you. What's even more
audacious is that he's been keeping a journal. It's

Marcu 23
Qadir —

to lft a finger

GD have hall the recent misfortune of coming to contac

domain. ~ ‘
fin she gleaned over me. Sm sure
Foon one thal Bue bast

I. dont respond Wallis throats, and thats precisely w

outside your duties to our community, Sn

prefrably one appointed by the prince
Phase donk put this into motion immediately,

fo assume more

I this amenable to you, please

DA

have an excellent way for usta sete the debt you owe me and iff you play

with one of the loathsome sewer monsters that prowl ta
do a bit of investigation, bul now seeks to hold. the infrma-

Suid retch entered into an agreement with me to

G donk need a warning about who to

hhat this exocrable creature poses

hoping that you have a connection to one

Lt me bnow and well set a plan in motion

CHAPTER 4: THE NIGHT MARE IS REAL

apparently some part of a legal arrangement he's made
to keep himself out of jall. I've read parts of it He
doeon't like you.

I didn't know you were such a bleeding heart, Arturo.
I'm quite impressed that you go out of your way to give
the downtrodden a second chance, Not unlike our own
relationship, I suppose.

Smell that? Sarcasm! Still, I've been good to you and
I hope you'll be good to me

I don't think this individual poses any threat to
you. He's too wrapped up in his own situation (being
effectively homeless and all that) and has some special
circumstances that T'N share when we meet to discuss
the terms of our agreement, Still, I would keep an eye
or ear open on those nights that you "work late," as
you suggested in our last conversation. You never know
when someone might be looking.

trust and who not to, but this gamble has

‘While this might fall

the work

G convince her that J am in her debt and. am willing

I call youthat because I
ith th tof dat. I a stranger to arcasms myself Up som to have styled
low we entenititeia state of negotiation, h , gan overconfident J will
situation-with this employee Thal cimans (pracy
, and your agreed silence o ee ck ig, ORO
disappearance, and S will have my man fs ual of its testament, I offer you the inlerlopers life itself les fig. Ja pent fr
wee uae ne fa ge ah from those of other ay, oak oF : become « squatter in the building, he bas
free tine' to conduct some olectiv Sto hava him fred, it would only arouse his s and it only w math of tne beeing
Witt bod bas Pa ¢ i aad ae Oe de wall phn oh
‘ : noed vat concton'joursell with Higa tone. Sel ihe bs etch othe wl He "t A ge ri re
Yrs may rach me again at your bis seas Heats le
Shed wa Spa gain at your lisrn. J would give you a tlphone number bat y k
but your own ingénuity at locating me impresses me

24

which ust re—

Marcu 25
Pctuco,
ja eene aceon te ee dicky work,
Jeyord, Lim just here Jo tell you you've
L don't rear the

Linas pleased os purch
fo clean up
ore T

ret haly decline. You've
Tie. problem to. begin wr YB this port, the y's
one in the traler.
(Gi eagle, YO STN Ome
Here's what I propose in "tures eektree to offer Jor thoughts, you gmooth—-taleer, You:
ive gat alist of Foun and you can crop oy singe one you i
You dlaw We feeding rights in Your domain.
mace Gate for an ewergercy basen. Twit sette for use
eet there. 11 just use it when

You dow me to use You Greenwich Vi
sfc Hie teasers sted er th, ond won't bring unde
T reed 40 get avy ‘from wy other havens
: Joy dirt you have on 4 eerttin chil of the who we'll
Jhig tenet. It's ro Be ded — ret « prince OF anythirg We thet.
" ot right of every worth ok a wcation ted I
‘lout birthelaysy bet L wart to

1 wart @ bithday eave ett for me on the Fic
specify three rights before Ht comes "he. Not thet LE redy coe
tinew pS eT thas preckeus cepitetion OF OS.

for G while.
discuss once you ofe to

t how ker you're wiling to p to
Cat me!
wait. Don't do Hed. Just eave re another rote like you diel

Oh, re,
" Argel of the Mexnin'

Maven 26

Arturo: There's someone we need to fire.

Rifkind: Again? The office 19 looking down on us a
little strangely, sir.

Arturot No, we're completely in the clear on this one,
It's someone who's lost his apartment due to a personal
situation and he's taken up residence at the ite, I suspect
drugs or contraband, but I know it's MMegal. I want you
to dig up what 1t 19 he's doing and then fire him for it
IM te there to help you, of course. Brightways doesn't make
tt a policy to hire trespassing addicts, does it, Bruce?

Rifkind: No, sir. I'm on 1% You say he's Living in
the building?

Arturo: That's right. My tower, I believe. He's
probably on one of the higher floors 90 no one will come
acroce him randomly. And he's probably living pretty
lightly, out of a suitcase or some such.

Qadir

Sin pleasedsive could come to an agreement.

Rifkind: How 19 he getting up there? Wouldn't
someone gee the construction lift operating'

Arturo: He's either doing it right at the end of his
shifts or he's using the staire and relying on a uniform
+o allow him access to the site. That reminds me, we'll
probably need to hire a different security firm for the
site, The one we have currently seems to think I subsidize
ite naptime,

Rifkine: I'm on tt, sir. Was there anything else you
needed from Mr. Yanderweyden?

Arturo: Quite clever, Bruce, but I don't think we'll
need to employ our own MB just yet. Give this a night
or two for you to check out the building and find adequate
evidence that we've got our man. I'll be out of touch for
the rest of tonight and tomorrow night, but T'Nl be back
on Wednesday to resolve this issue In the staff room,

Rifkind: Consider it done, sir.

IES time te put the plan in motion. Wy benefactor has become downright irascible in her demands and its no longersprudant for me to
sce to her demands. The sooner che meets her end, the betler. Ive given you'a description and hopefully that will be enough for you or

ur it is whdrdocs the deed to hnow whom Imm talking about.
wy

Maven 28

Rifkind: Well, that was certainly strange.

Arturo: Yes. Yes, it was. What were your impres-
sions, Bruce? What about him seemed a little off.

Rifkind: That's a good choice of words, sir. It
was only a little off, but it was that little bit that
made the difference. We've fired people before, of
course, but they're usually... I don't know... a bit
more animated than that. You would think that
when faced with homelessness and unemploy-
ment you'd have a bit more of an earnest reaction.

Arturo: Ah, that's my Rifkind. Always worried
about the bottom line. You don't have any pangs
of guilt about taking away a desperate man's last
hope of salvation? Turning him out onto the street
with no other alternatives? He was obviously in no
condition to find new work....

Rifkind: It was him or you, sir. No contest there.

Arturo: Of course. That's why I keep you, Bruce.
You're a man who does what needs to be done.

Rifkind: Oh, I'm not completely unfazed by it, sir.
It never feels good to kick a man while he's down.

Arturo: But you recognize the necessity of it
when it needs to happen.

Rifkind: Absolutely. Did you see the way he stared
at us? It was the most curious calm I've ever seen.

Arturo: Agreed. Maybe there's something to be
said for grim resolve.

Rifkind: To be honest, sir, I didn't expect it
from this one. The night after Mr. Cabrera died, he
couldn't even finish his shift, he was so overcome
with... well, whatever. Compassion, I guess. Or
sorrow. He didn't seem like one for it tonight, but
he's always seemed kind of lonely and isolated,
and largely uncomfortable with it.

Arturo: My good Mr. Rifkind, you're becoming
quite the capital judge of character! I had seen him
on his shifts before and he seemed merely indolent
to me. A dreamer. A slacker. But you insist there
was more to him?

Rifkind: I think so, sir. Nothing threatening, of
course, or this would have been addressed long
ago, but a sort of... I don't know. Untapped
potential. Like he once had something but it had
been beaten out of him.

Arturo: Oh, stop this before it becomes maud-
lin. He was a vagrant. You're romanticizing.

Rifkind: Would you say that his quietness was
defiant?

Arturo: I've overestimated you, Rifkind. Our
man's silence was emplaced by fear. I could smell
it in his blood. Our kind can do that. We can see and
smell and taste the subtle inflections of the soul. I
have to admit, I've never used the ability before
when terminating people, but something made me
do it this time. I did sense something uncommon
about him, but I can't put my finger on what. An
unusual resolve, perhaps, but nothing wholly out
of the ordinary. It might have even been resent-
ment, not at being fired, but at us finding out about
his secret. Oh, and Rifkind?

Rifkind: Sir?

Arturo: Did we ever find out what his legal
trouble was?

Rifkind: Ah. Yes, indeed. Here's his file. Sus-
pended sentence with probation for several counts
of larceny.

Arturo: A real winner! See, Bruce. In spite of
ourselves, we sometimes do the right thing.

Rifkind: Oh, absolutely, sir.


Marcu 29

Ugly Vampire: Are you trying to blow me off?

+ would be a mistake,

Arturo: What? Oh, "Angel," you'd given me quite
a start. You do know this is not only private
property, but a secure worksite, don't you?

Ugly Vampire: Don't fuck with me. You gave
me your own permission to be here. I'm just
dropping by to make sure the terms of our
agreement aren't violated.

Arturo: I'm sorry?

Ugly Vampire: The deal we had, I found the
skeleton in your closet and in return for keeping
quiet, you've got to pay me, It was all in the note
T left you

Arturo: Ah, yes, the note. I did review it,

(Zong pause)

Ugly Vampire: Yes? Well? You reviewed it and what?

Arturo: You're new to all this, aren't you?

Ugly Vampire: What do you mean?

Arturo: You haven't been playing our game for
long, I mean. The rules of engagement among us are
very different from those of... people.

Ugly Vampire: Oh, Christ. What the hell are you
talking about?

Arturo: Arrangements and agreements like these

don't happen overnight. They happen over months.
Years even. Yes, you've provided a service for me,
and a very timely and valuable one, but the boon
you've earned doeon't immediately come to fruition.
It takes time to mature,

Ugly Vampire: Oh, no you don't. How do I know
that you'll ever honor the debt? You can't expect
me just to ait back and hope that one night out of
the kindness of your heart — excuse my gagging,
but it's a reflex — you'll start to honor your debt.
You pretty ones are all alike, thinking that even
after your death the world still owes you gratitude,

Arturo: That's not what I'm saying at all. I'm
saying that 1+ helps keep us hidden, and surely you
recognize the value of that. We must move slowly.
Subdtly. If our affairs were conducted at the speed
of those of the mortal world, why, we'd be as visible
to mortals as they are to each other. Our system
of favors and boons builds gradually, slowly over
the years, We move with such deliberate pacing that
the rest of the world ignores us in its hurry to
make things better for itself.

Ugly Vampire: Don't fuck with my head.

Arturo: I'm not doing that at all. Surely you
understand that, being ageless, we can afford the
time to enact these slow movements? That our
masquerade protects us from the rash actions of
our fellows as much as it does from the ire of
the mortal world?

Ugly Vampire: Screw all that. You owe me.

Arturo: And I intend to pay, 80 long as you
observe the terms of the agreement as well. Have
you told anyone of our arrangement?

Ugly Vampire: I'm about to. I'm giving you one
more chance by coming here tonight. If I don't
leave here satisfied, your name's not worth shit
in this town.

Arturo: As much as I doubt a single campaign
against me by one such as yourself would bring me
90 low, I do intend to honor our agreement, And you
intend to uphold it as well, correct?

Ugly Vampire: Right. For now.

Arturo: Come on, now, "Angel." If you're
suggesting blackmail, I strongly encourage you
to consider the nature of the information you're
90 eager to hold over me. It's nothing grave. It's
a simple laxity of security. Arguably, without
your information, the only one who'd be in a
position to be hurt was me, since this person has
made his home in my domain. And even that has
changed, since he's been released from his duties
and driven from the property.

Ugly Vampire: That's not all, though. I did a
little checking on that accident you had a while
back. It turns out that two different Medical
Examiner's reports were filed, but only one is
available through the records department.

Arturo: I don't understand how that implicates
me, I'm not even sure what you're saying.

Ugly Vampire: I told you not to fuck with my
head. You covered it up. You had someone write a
second report.

Arturo: I assure you that I did no such thing.
My influence is in building, development and real
estate. As flattered as I am by your estimation of
the length to which my powers reach, I don't have
the clout to put something like that in motion.
Perhape I could tribe a building inspector or
procure a contract with the city for construction,
but the medical examiner's office is entirely out
of my dailiwick.

Ugly Vampire: Uh-huh. So it's a coincidence that
a guy dies in your building, you fire a half-dozen
employees, and complications come up about whether
or not your rt on the dead guy is bogus? That's
bullshit and you know it. Coincidence doesn't work
like that.

Arturo: I'm not suggesting that there isn't a
cover-up. I'm just saying that it's not mine. I can
think of several companies, agencies or individuals
who would want the matter swept under the rug, and
who have a lot more influence over civic affairs
than I do, I'm always the first to suspect the
insurance companies. They'd go a little out of their
way to absolve themselves of responsibility 90 they


don't have to go a lot out of their way to settle
a claim Mr. Cabrera's tragedy is plainly a
wrongful-death suit waiting to happen.

The union has a stake in keeping it silenced as
well If members start to think that it's not
protecting them, it collapses as fewer and fewer
people support it.

I'm sure I don't need to tell you that
organized crime all but runs construction in New
York. Check my invoices to see what I pay for
concrete and certified plumbing if you don't
believe me. Which opens an entirely new avenue
of possibilities: If this wasn't dispute with
organized crime itself, it may well lead back to
the unions through them.

It might be a doctor protecting himself from
malpractice. It might be the state or city
protecting iteelf from negligence lawsuits. It
might even be the architecture firm that's
subcontracted me, wanting to keep its insurance
rates from rising, or even to make a quiet show
to the unions that it won't be strong-armed by
threats of a walkout.

In short, until you have evidence to implicate
ne, I'm probably your least likely candidate for
a cover-up.

Ugly Vampire: This is ridiculous.

Arturo: Not at all. I appreciate what you've done
for me and I'm going to reward you with what you
deserve. But it takes time. There are even several
things on your list that are contingent upon me
getting this building... well, built, and if you stand
in my way, I can't pay you. I can't honor the debt
if you won't let me.

Ugly Vampire: Oh, no you don't, None of those
require that the building is complete. I could eastly
make a temporary haven in a building that's not

Arn 2

Thomas:

what you heve 9%
lect the 2
statement of f

ked {i

assassin coll

some sort of
Ov debt is absolved.

aadir

hes, shovid yor 4

GHAPYER 4: THE NIGHY MARE IS REAL

finished, and this neighborhood has enough kine to
ve a valuable hunting ground, whether I can drop
off my dry cleaning on your ground floor or not.
This is your neighborhood, Arturo, I've done my part
for you. Now you need to do your part for me,

Arturo: Trust doesn't come easily to you, I see,
You will learn, I assure you. I'm not much older than
you — and that's assuming I am older than you.
But I am more worldly, at least within the realm
of the favor-exchange that constitutes our society.

Ugly Vampire: I don't care what your argument
is, You owe me. Pay me. Pay me now.

Arturo: That's plainly not possible. We're not
talking about tangible rewards, We're talking about
courtesies and indulgences. I can't just hand these
things over to you — they're considerations that
we'll both have to acclimate to.

Ugly Vampire Now you're just talking in
circles. Fuck this. I'm taking this to the others.

Arturo: Will you at least do me a favor? Cool
off for a while. I can understand being frustrated
right now. You want this done and over with, the
assets yours to command right now. Believe me, I
understand that. I'm already three months behind
schedule on having this building finished, I don't
want to extend our debt any longer than you do.
But calm down, think about what I've sald and let's
continue this discussion soon. If you want, I'L
even ask someone — someone neutral, before you
suspect me of anything else — to moderate the
negotiation for us. Take some time to mull it over,
think about the nature of your requests and we'll
continue this discussion.

Ugly Vampire: Fuck 1%, Fine. You have a week.
I'L be back a week tonight and we'll make things
final. Final.

Arturo: Absolutely.

or is done, I even haa the
jesire them as

nality.


rite this to you as much as a warning as a conpssional. J have tried to heap my hands clean for as long as I could. You
Inoue the parily of our predatory. state; yat: unless ona isin tha violant theagtf fany, ramarse dois: dlnos! eaquichlyéon'the hel il
ahill as of taking viteo abates. Yt hill we must —it is in our nature, and to deny the inevitable thrust of ones
deathless elf entiroly to the monster that threatens to overtake us nightly.
eS have the past, that such things didnt matter. J justifed billings and told myself that one more mortal culled
fromthe herd didnt matter. You and S-both hnowsthal its not true, that every life we take is another on the lst of injusticesithat
started with m inidietion into the world off night Ace we evil for not destroying outright? Tr permitting ourdeloes to
continue on as did, rising cach night to steal innocent blood? Abe we somehow right when we hill our-oun hind, sparing' jntold
thers from the selfishness we bring to the world and repay only in farther misery? 3 am: guilty for the death of others of oun hind,
is true, but J tall mysolf that it is permissible, tha I save someone elbe do road. J distanced myself from each fof those hill
with a cold ditachment that $ cannot fel when I tahe the lif of a vital, sll mortal, living being. With regard to mortal 3 have
Killed only sic Bimes. in my years
Liston to maz Shave billed only six mortal have extinguished only six mortal ves. I have touched untold others. Wh are
evil Hellone, philosophers among us to be disregarded. I have heard ethicists then us to wolves and question whéther the wolf
commits evil when it brings down a deer to sate its hunger
Wa an hoes: Wh-are predators, trie; but we are parasites fremoit, and we have thal which a wolffdoes not. Wa have
souls, I boli lone. Ad wolf dovs not choose to hill, a wolf does what God put it on this Earth'to do. Is ib strange to
hear me talk of God? St comes awhwardly ta me, too. I have spent the last several months observing no Ged other than my own
desires, and the deity that money has become in this modern world. 9 have billed twice in these past fou months, most rbcantly tonight
and prior to that for the sole purpose of oliminating a threat to my vanity
You think I am being florid, no doubt. You have come to terms with your oun God, isolated yourself from those who would
rofise you. I bnow the practicality: of it. Upgboth bres with those 30 sich, deluded or attively poled inte Believing that
by giving themselves to us, they somehow justify them the rest of the world. Each draught of blood we take fiom: them is a
draught given willingly, and one that wojwant have to take by force from those who donk even hnostjue exist. We depttlebased,
triching others into believing that or cultivating those who would do it without such, subterfuge. And. as much as welfpol them, we fool
into thinking that makes it acceptable
Hk was pathetic man, drowning in his own filth. He hid hove in my, offce, waiting to hill me if
rn the nolobegh he loft behind is true. I has boon uncomprlable fanding, to be sure. Somehow, he managed
to ascerlain what I was, and al one point even mentioned that my onlire aspect had changed. Vaturally when J read this I went
to the mirror only to Prd that I hadnt changed a bit. Th omething strange about this man, thoigh. J knew when I saw
him that he a thr infebled was he by his condition. drug addict, hethid in a closet here in the office, with bits of his
round him and the nt you would evel hope to. encounlsr' —‘vinegat, sweat and urine. J
bie OMG vocal ad cc dablec JAB tbe ay ofl, ME as 3 om 1; pSEUARGG lata elt
concoction he had put into his system
Her bould ha . , but his intent was to destroy ‘me.
Simalled him from i and heard his fu stling the moment J entared my office. I thought it was rats
(I dont bnow why — this bui Mag doesnt have' rats). By the time I dote the hidde ice was in the closet, J even
overheard hin ei to himself I opened the door and there he was, a. pi Mf, wea 4 2 broken. broomstick at me
Ste was ee serene it th Most innocent in a wa. Hon I realized I hnews him.
ployee ae mine raed ng in the ile is in S had him frad;inot nly because


at J was. Dim recollection crossed his eyes

if

ty here. YI A
d by sunrise, and yat this gold nimbus
nasSlve never seen a saint, but $

hand, pulled
ide but then

l M wa the personified

ol 4 Sl bed

/

the lanimal inside
‘ 4 over, Jt
t, Bild? even
Vo. vitae, Yo thrill
d a man who would have
they all hill us iff they

as this dead junhic
oh it with him when heb

te put an
ahe the wi etter place for
When £9 try... anything. When
ing Whats ever better is my own
rpped once

CHAPTER 4: THE NIGHY MARE IS REAL



CHAPTER

Now the brother shall betray the brother to death, and
the father the son; and childven shall rise up against their
parents, and shall cause them to be put to death.

— Mark 13:12

{oc Enrey 9

Filed my latest report on Bill. Left out details about
hismeetings with Walker, Vazquez and the others. Lalso
reported only what I saw at the abandoned house: a B&E
that may or may not have netted anything. The disturb-

ing thing about the house is that someone else had been
there. The place had been cleaned up. The front door
had been fixed and two of the back windows were no
longer boarded up.

Talso think I may have been followed on the drive
back. tried not to be paranoid, but I pulled a few of my
old tricks and lost the tail, all the same. If there even was
one. Hell, it may have just been a curious cop. It's
completely possible that the gunshots were reported to
whoever takes care of the place, they came by to check
up on things, saw that someone had been inside and
gave the police a holler. Still, I didn't recognize the
vehicle or the plates.

Both the report on Bill and the stuff on the house
went into the mail this evening, That should keep my

clients happy for a while, and free me up to take care of
the real matter at hand. Still, I hate how the two are
beginning to cross over. There's just way too much
coincidence in Bill knocking offa rot in some house, and
now some underhanded political bastards want info on
both the house and Bill. As long as I'm on the case, I
dictate what they learn, but they have to be getting
information from somewhere else. Things just don'tadd
up otherwise.

This reminds me a bit too much of a story I heard
while watching one of us in Dallas. There was one guy,
a real shit kicker who was hot to take down a blood-
sucker he had run into. The guy tried to ambush the
thing while itwas at an art show ofall places. He wound
up in jail for assault, but the charges got dropped
because the victim never came forward to make a
statement. It seems like a lot of people knew who this
leech was, but no one really knew much about him.
The cops got a name, and a few other basic pieces of
info on the monster, but couldn't track him down for


VER: THE NOCTURNAL

testimony or anything like that. Soon enough, the
guy's back on the street.

Then it all starts to fall apart.

His electricity and phone get cut off. Turns out
that according to both companies' computers, the
guy hasn't paid a bill in a year. A random police
search at school turns up enough dope in his kid's
locker to send the entire school into orbit. The kid
gets sent to juvie. The guy's out at all hours, so when
his wife gets weird phone calls from women asking
about her husband, she puts two and two together
and divorces him.

The guy just gave up. He tossed all his crap into his
truck and headed out of town. Last heard, the |
stillaround, like nothing ever happened, and noone else
there is crazy enough to touch him.

This guy Vazquez is looking like one of those
things. He's gotta have connections. He's like a wolf
making friends with sheep in the flock. All he's got to
tell them is, "Hey, I won't touch you gu long as you
don't say squat when I eat those guys over there."
Maybe the government really is working with these
things. Maybe the people in power are trading away us
working class schmucks to hold onto power and save
their own skins.

This group, though, they think they've hit gold.
They met tonight and sounded pretty damn proud of
themselves. Walker's talking about moving among the
monsters to pick out the ones that prey on people. You'd
think from the way he acts now that he's an old hand at
this. I'm still kicking myself for missing how he got that
gun. Even Ellen seems to be on more of an emotional
even keel. These guys have tasted blood and want more.
They built the things up to be these great mysteries, and
now Vazquez is just lining critters up and letting these
guys knock ‘em down.

Bill is the only one showing any sense. If he had
more guts he'd kick the other three into shape and
remind them that two weeks ago they were all ready to
piss their pants. He's been trying to get them to think of
why Vazquez is helping them. It just doesn't add up and
Bill sees it. The others are far too wrapped up in their
"victory" to realize what's going on.

They're set to meet Vazquez again on the 31st and
are champing at the bit to take on a new target. Vazquez
has them right where he wants them. They trust the guy,
which is a death wish. There's just too much we don't
know about the things to trust any of them.

{og Envey i0

I don't know what's going on, and it scares me.
Last night, the house where Bill and the others
fought that thing went up in flames. Burned com-
pletely to the ground. I cased the neighborhood a

little, asking some questions. It turns out that a few
of the locals heard cars roaring down the street at
around two in the morning and, get this, automatic
weapons fire. Then the house went up in smoke.
And here's the kicker: All this, and nothing in the
local news. The locals are freaked out, but I saw
patrol cars in the area. My contacts on the force tell
me extra shifts will cover the area for a while till
things calm down. I guess that as long as the cops
seem to be taking it seriously, no one wants the news
sending property values down.

On a complete aside, Walker has been busy
lately. It looks like he's stocking up on guns and
ammo as if that's become his answer to the world's
monster problem.

Log Envey ii

Here's the transcript of their first meeting with
Vazquez since they went to that house. Notes, as usual,
at the end.

Bill: Good evening.

Vazquez: That's a sight more polite than I'm used
to. I've done some checking. Looks like you've been
pretty bu:

Ellen: You could say that.

Vazquez: Catch that shiner falling down the stairs?
Walk into a wall?

Ellen: A door.

Vazquez: What did you do with the remains?

Walker: What's that matter?

Vazquez: What do you mean, "What's that matter"?
You drop off a body on the side of the road and that
creates a situation!

Bill: We burned it.

Johnny: You're lucky we did that much. After what
that thing did... Jesus, were you trying to get us killed?
You never warned us.

Vazquez: What are you talking about?

Johnny: It did something. That or someone else was
there. No one else says they saw it, but I sure did.

Walker: Oh, Jesus.

Johnny: I'm not making this up! It was like the
shadows came alive! They grabbed me.

Walker: Please, you probably just—

Vazquez: Tell me what happened. What do you
mean the shadows came alive?

Ellen: We checked the first two floors, then went
down to the basement. We found it down there. That
was around dusk. We figured that whatever happened,
we'd want to be able to get out of there when it was dark,
to avoid being seen.

Bill: It would do none of us any good to be spotted
in the area if things went badly.


ment and
hard to

Ellen: We found it crashed out in the bas
Itried to drive a stake through its chest. It was.

lo. It woke up and all hell broke loose:

Vazquez: You tried to stab it with a piece of wood?
You've seen too many movies.

Johnny: That's when the stuff with the darkness
happened. I was standing behind everyone. It felt like I
was stuck in mud. I couldn't hear or see anything.

: So what happened next?

Ellen: Walker shot the thing. A lot.

Walker: You were right about bullets not doing shit.
At least small-caliber ones. I emptied a whole clip into
it and it kept coming, but I think something bigger
would have—

Ellen: It tried to grab me, but I... finished it.

Vazquez: What? How?

Ellen: I don't know how to say it. There was some
loose pipe laying around down there. I used one of them.

[Silence.]

Vazquez: Well, maybe the bullets did slow him
down. They might not have killed him, but they prob-
ably hurt him.

Johnny: So what the hell was up with the shadows?

Some of us can do some... things. Can
control nature. It's nothing more than walking or talk-
ing or taking a dump to them.

CHAPYER 5: A NEST OF VIPERS

Walker: What about you?

Vazquez: I can't pull that crap. Most of us can't
Hell, I thought it was all bullshit.

Bill: So you don't know exactly what you sent us

or what we're into now?
juez: Maybe "Rock and Roll" here panicked
Maybe not. If not, you guys have stumbled onto some-
thing really big

Ellen: What are you talking about?

Vazquez: I can'tsay much. I could be wrong, but I've
heard stories about what Johnny's talking about. You
guys may have taken down a real badass. I had no idea
it could've been him, which tells you how little we knew
about this guy, about how tough it was to geta handle on
him. I need to find out.

I may need your help again. If you can take him
down you have to be good. Damn good. And if that was
who I think it was, more are headed this way

End Transcript

Idon't know what to make of this. My first reaction
is that this guy is blowing sunshine up their asses. Them
being "good." Give me a break. This guy is setting them
up for something. He's either using them to do his dirty
work or he's got some other plan. Maybe they're a
diversion. Maybe he's using them to call out someone
else. There's so much going on here that I just can't get

aS


ahandle on it all. It's not like I can just tail Vazquez. Or
maybe I can.

No, that's not an option. I'm set up to keep tabs on
these guys and I'm going tostick with it. No use in risking
my neck, too.

The four of them are eating all this shit up. I want to
go down the hall and beat some sense into them, but the
way they're acting does make a fucked up kind of sense.
They used to be terrified. Now they're finally doing
something. They couldn't agree about anything before.
Then Vasquez sits them down, points them in the right
direction and they're off. The nights don't seem as
terrifying. They think they can handle themselves. Hell,
even Ellen has done a 180.

For their sake, I hope they're right.

Loc Envy i2
met with Vazquez again tonight.
Vazquez: I've talked to my people.
Bill: Your people? So there are others like you here?
You said before that you were alone.
Vazquez: Phones. We use them. This is the 21st

century, right? I thought we were past all that suspicion.
Bill: Look at it from our point of view. You hold all
the cards. Now, what's going on and what do we have to
do with it?
Vazquez: The one you killed was named Harrington.

He was kind of a leader or a cult figure, I guess you could

Some of our kind followed him. Most of us, hell, all
of us except his boys hated him. Harrington recently got
separated from his friends. Some people I know took a
few of them out a few states over. Harrington fled here.
From what I can tell, the rest of his gang is heading here
now to hook back up with him. They don't know you
took him out.

Ellen: How do you know all this? You sound
pretty organized.

Vazquez: We are, in a way. We watch out for each
other and try to keep things under wraps.

Bill: Something is still bugging me. If you're like
vampires or something, do you really drink blood and
feed off people? Walker said he saw the one... Harrington,
in the park...

Vazquez: Yes and no. We do drink blood, but it's
not the only way we feed. We get nutrients... or
vitamins from it. You know, like a cow eats grass or
something and breaks it down in its stomach. The
nutrients and stuff go through its blood. We just sort
of sidestep all that. There's a lot of talk about how
that's how we can be stronger or faster or tougher
than most people.

Walker: So you do drink blood?

Vazquez: Didn't I just say that?

Walker: | mean you.

as

Vazquez: What, do 1 grab people and suck their
blood, like ina movie? No. Most of us stick to animals or
we get blood. Like transfusions. We also don'tneed it too
often. Maybe once a week.

Ellen: You said most of you. Do a lot of you feed
on people?

Walker: Maybe a lot of you do. How do we know
were not just taking care of the competition for you?

Vazquez: Oh, come on. If you guys can do
Harrington, you're a threat to me, too. Why would I
tisk coming here if I didn't need your help? The truth
is only a few of us feed on humans. They see people as
cattle or something. They think we should just do
whatever the hell we feel like.

Bill: That's not very reassuring.

Vazquez: Like I said, they're the minority. The rest
of us want to lay low. For centuries, there was always
room forus out there. We didn't have to deal with people
for long. If our paths crossed, we just moved on.

Johnny: Like Indians retreating from frontier set-
tlers or something?

Vazquez: Yeah. But now there's people and build-
ings everywhere. There's not much more room left for us
to go. We're stuck living closer to you than we're used to.
We can make do, but not with nut jobs like Harrington
running around.

Bill: So what do you do?

Vazquez: Take the United States. It's broken down
intostates. We kind ofdo the same thing, breaking down
regions into smaller areas and assigning administrators
to look after things. Near my home, we had a lot of
trouble with Harrington and we had to deal with him. It
looks like he and his crew may have decided that this
city is easier pickings. There aren't enough of us around
to keep watch over everything. So these guys try to set
up shop somewhere. Maybe they attack people. If things
get too hot, they head somewhere el:

Ellen: So you have some sort of police force?

Vazquez: Sort of. There aren't enough of us to go
around. We kind of count on self-preservation kicking
in and keeping everyone in line.

Bill: So why reveal yourself to us?

Vazquez: You saw Harrington at the park. The
damage was already done. You had just enough informa-
tion to be dangerous to all of my people. It was better that
you knew the truth so you could tell the good guys from
the bad guys.

Bill: Sowhat's the long-term plan? Do you think you
can hide forever?

Vazquez: We'll

Bill: There's got to be more to it all than that.

Vazquez: I don't know for sure, but there could be
others like you we've contacted, to work with you and


help keep us hidden. We couldn't just come out alto-
gether. Too many people wouldn't understand and
would just try to kill us. We've seen mobs before.

End Transcript

They continued talking circles around each other
for a while after this, but not to any point. I noticed
that Vazquez never followed up on whether this gang
of things was in town, and no one seemed alert
enough to ask amid all the other bullshit. Maybe Bill
noticed it, too, because the door had barely closed
behind Vazquez before Bill was out after him. I thought
maybe he wanted to talk in private, but my front
camera showed Bill keeping his distance, like he was
tailing Vazquez. It seems like these idiots are finally
taking the bull by the horns rather than be fed its shit
all the time.

Johnny ran his mouth about liberal crap after
Vazquez left. He went on about oppressed minorities.
He seemed sympathetic to Vazquez's song and dance,
but then started talking about how they really didn't
ever get a chance to hear Harrington's side. That he
may have attacked that girl, but whatever Vazquez is
up to may be even worse. That shook up Ellen, like she
didn't want to think about anything but what "good"
she had already done.

Johnny is like a fucking cancer. He might shake up
the group and get them all killed ithe keepsit up. Having
someone around to question everything can help, but
this guy just likes getting under everyone's skin.

Maybe some of these creatures can be good, just like
people can be. But between us and them, things are like
cats and mice. They have to feed off us. If the things
could drink the blood of just anything, there's plenty of
rats and dogs running any city. They could live off those
and never have to cross paths with people.

Half the time, I want these idiots to pull something
incredible out of their asses. The other half, I almost
wish Vazquez would kick their asses so I wouldn't have
tolisten to their bullshit ariymore.

{og Enrey 13

A summary of the past few days:

Walker isstill stockpiling. Knowinghim, he'll prob-
ably shoot his own foot off.

Ellen has been pretty quiet. I figure a teacher would
try to find something to do over the summer, but it looks
like she just spends all day with the TV on. Maybe the
group's successes of late haven't encouraged her as much
as I thought.

Johnny is up to his typical thing. I guess when you're
that willing to believe the best about everything, the
world seems like a pretty rosy place.

Bill is having a rough time of it. I passed along my
last report on his activities yesterday. My contacts tell

me that despite his record and demeanor, the powers
that be want to keep him where he is. There's also talk
that he hasn't paid his dues yet. That's probably a
good thing. His activities with the rest might go
unnoticed as long as he's working on small potatoes
state-level stuff. As soon as he guns for a national
position, he'll open up his entire life to scrutiny. He
could probably go for it anyway if he wants to ditch
the party and try to ride his popularity, but he's not
stupid enough to go for that.

ould there be a connection between his career and
Vazquez? A lot of politics takes place under the table. |
don't even know who I deliver my reports to. I just get
calls, an address to drop pictures and reports, and in
return I get an address for a money order or cash drop, or
a back account number. There's no guarantee that the
party on the other side is even human. Politics and
business are already shadowy. The stakes are high enough
that the occasional mysterious partner is tolerable —
even expected. The things could get away with a lot
behind the scenes.

That reminds me about the house. It was a little
too convenient that "Harrington" just happened to be
crashing there. How did itknow that the owner wouldn't
be home? Why did someone fork over the cash to keep
the place looking good, unless he didn't want outsiders
poking around? In a neighborhood like that, people
notice if the grass grows a quarter inch too long. Why
go to all that trouble to maintain the place unless you
need it for something? Then a freaking gun battle
breaks out, it burns to the ground and the cops and
media overlook it all.

When cattle are herded toward the slaughterhouse,
do any of them actually know what's going on?

For all I know, these things could be like a spider
at the center of a web. They've picked out their turf
and just have to pull the right strings to keep things
going their way. If that's what's happening here,
there's no reason to think Vazquez would work to
halt Bill's rise if he had the power. If anything, you'd
figure he'd want Bill to keep going and remain in the
thing's pocket. Unless Vazquez wants him around
for other reasons, ones that have nothing to do with
politics. After all, if Vazquez wanted Bill as a politi-
cal connection, he wouldn't set Bill up to go toe to
toe with monsters.

Then again, if Vazquez had to liquidate Bill, a
missing state rep draws lot less attention than a missing
candidate for the US Senate.

Log Enrey 14

Can't sleep tonight, so I'm surfing the net and
trying to figure out where to take things. I want to
track Vazquez down, but I don't have enough infor-


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

mation on him. All this reminds me of a story I picked
up on the net and came across again tonight. I'm
including it here to place it in context of what I've
learned so far.

One of us in the Midwest was close on the trail
of a rot. He and his buddies tracked the thing down
to a record store. It looked like the thing spent its
nights there (and I don't care what Vazquez may say,
even if sunlight doesn't hurt these things, they sure
as hell don't like it.) When these guys came back the
next morning to check the place out, the clerk gave
them a real hard time. He kicked them out after
they'd been casing the place for only a few minutes.
Later that day, when these guys were poking around
the alley behind the store, the clerk came out and
threatened them.

Apparently the kid looked wrong, as if he was
bruised or tainted somehow. Later that afternoon, two
more people came by to work at the store, both of whom
looked similar. When the guys tried to break into the
store, the shit really hit the fan. All three of the employ-
ees, despite being typical flabby music geeks, could move
like the wind and punch like a ton of bricks. They must
have had some sort of connection to the rot hiding
there. They didn't call the cops or anything. They just
attacked like animals.

Could allying with these things make people more
than they should be? Does whatever it is that affects a
leech spread like a disease? The things are obviously
willing to work with people, and from the looks of it
people are willing to work with them. Maybe a sort of
relationship can develop between a leech and any it
feeds off.

When these guys finally took down the monster, its
lair was covered with vintage concert posters, stacks of
albums and piles of memorabilia. Most interesting of all
was this photo album with pictures of all kinds of
musicians. Weirdest of all, the leech showed up in about
half the pictures, usually posing with some artist. Bad
taste in music is one thing, but this thing looked exactly
the same in every picture, from the early ‘60s up until
today. The times may have changed, but the guy was the
same. Exactly the same. He didn't seem to have aged a
day in decades.

Whatever these things are, they must have in-
credible life spans. Either they have a completely
different concept of aging or they live a long time. If
that's true, they might be far deeper into society than
we could ever guess.

Log Enrry i5

Bill: I'm glad you were all able to make it here on
such short notice. This entire ordeal has been trying on
usall, and believe me I know how hard itis to put life on

hold like this.

Walker: If what you have to say is as biga deal as you
made out on the phone, it'll be worth it.

Bill: I tracked Vazquez into the city. That's why I ran
out on you all. Somehow, I just knew I could do it. Itwas
a spur of the moment decision.

Johnny: What happened to all that teamwork
bullshit you were spewing?

Bill: I would've said something, but I didn't know if
1 would have another chance.

Johnny: No, I'm serious. Look, we're all putting our
asses on the line here. What if you fucked up and got us
all killed?

Ellen: Calm down.

Johnny: No! I won't calm down. None of you take
me seriously. I almost get killed the night we deal with
that Harrison guy and none of you even believe me. And
now this. We can all just go off and make decisions that
affect everybody.

Walker: Sit down and—

Johnny: Fuck you! I'm through with this.

Bill: Johnny...

[Door slam.]

Walker: Coward. He'll be back.

[Silence.]

Ellen: Forget him. You said you had something to

I us. What happened?

Bill: He drove a beat-up car. I didn't have much
trouble following him, though I was worried he'd spot
me. He stopped outside the park, the same one where we
saw that first thing — Harrington. I drove by, parked a
few blocks away and tried to follow him in.

Walker: Whatis that, their favorite stomping ground
or something?

Bill: Maybe. I found him sitting ona bench. He just
stayed there as if he was waiting for someone. I circled
around and came up behind him through some trees.
It's funny. All I could think of at the time was messing
up my suit.

Afrera few minutes, someone came up and sat down
next to him. I'd never seen him before, but he didn't
seem right. Like he wasn't human. They talked. I didn't
hear it all, but I heard enough.

They said something about a war or a fight. It
seemed like there was a feud going on between the
things in the city. The stranger asked questions, which
Vazquez answered, but not before the stranger handed
him a bundle. From the size and shape of it, I'd guess it
was money.

Ellen: What if this guy was another contact like us?

Bill: I rold you, the stranger was wrong. I look at
you and I see a normal person. I looked at him and he
wasn't right at all. He was one of them. And it sounds
like there's more of them here, beyond even that gang


Vazquez told us about. Don't you see? That means he
lied to us about himself and his kind. There are more
of them. Maybe lots more. Who know what else he lied
tous about? We have no idea how long he's been using
us, of why.

Walker: Maybe Vazquez has some bosses checking
up on him?

Ellen: Yeah. That would make sense. He talked
about keeping track of each other and enforcing rules
Maybe that stuff was true

Bill: There's more. This guy kept pressing Vazquez
for information, especially about Harrington. I heard
that name come up a few times. Vazquez said something
about "outsiders" that he was tracking. He made some
promises about some tool or weapon he might be able to
hand over to one side or the other, for the right money
Ithink he was talking about us.

Ellen: But he said we were good. Maybe he wanted
for us to meet with his friends. Maybe they paid him to
train us.

Bill: God damn it, would you listen to me? These
two were not friends. The other one accused V
playing both sides. That Vazquez would only be allowed
to live as long as he kept providing information. That
selling out to the other side would get him killed.

I think all he's been interested in is gathering
information on us, not helping us. He started before he

juez of

even came here. Who knows how long he followed us
Got to know everything about us before playing his
hand. He learns our secrets and then uses them to get
us to do what he wants, without risking himself. He has
us do his dirty work with his kind and he gets paid by
both sides

I know, because I saw him do it. After the stranger
left, Vazquez stayed real still. For a moment it seemed
like the dark was coming over him — like Johnny
described — or he was becoming part of the dark. I
can't explain it better than that. I was determined not
to lose him, though, and he didn't disappear com-
pletely, even though other people in the park missed
him altogether. He walked to the other end and sat
down on another bench across from where a bum was
sleeping under a tree. I hid next to a building nearby
A cop came by to move the bum along, but he didn't
even turn to lo

Before long, someone else sat down. This one was
louder. Not as discreet. He started yelling at Vazquez
asking him about who killed his people. He came
right out and asked about the house we'd been to, and
told him that it was totally useless now as asafehouse.
It sounded like it had been burned down or som
thing, but I haven't heard anything about that. Have
any of you?

{Silence.]

AUAAOAYYARELNLLALALLENNEL.

CHAPTERS: A NESY OF VIPERS


Bill: The stranger demanded to know when Vazquez
would have information about the people who killed
his friend. He said something about a war, too, and how
the attack was screwing up his plans. He said some-
thing about a woman named Camilla, I think. He
seemed to be out to get her. I think she's some sort of
important person.

Ellen: Oh my God. He's talking to Harrington's
friends, the ones that are supposed to be heading here.

Walker: Sounds like they're already here.

Bill: They want revenge, and they're willing to pay
to find out who killed Harrington. Vazquez is going to
sell us out.

Walker: Sweet Jesus

Ellen: That bastard has to pay. I want him dead.

Bill: I don't think this is ever going to be over.
It's a lot bigger than we thought, but we need to stop
him before he gets us all killed. We're supposed to
see him again in two days. I say we get whatever we
can out of him and kill him, just like we did to
Hartington, ot whatever he might really have been
called. He walks in here and we jump him. With
luck, he won't expect it. He's confident around us
now. Maybe overconfident.

Walker: I've got guns. Big ones. I don't care how
much noise we make

End Transcript
Log Envey 16

Things have been frighteningly quiet. Vazquez can-
celled his meeting with the group. Coincidence or not,
that's a bad sign.

Loc Enrey i7

The bugs I planted Walker's apartment have been
found, though not under the circumstances I ever ex-
pected. This is much worse. The cops discovered my
electronics when they came to arrest Walker, suppos-
edly on an anonymous tip. They found his guns, plus a
few more that, judging from Walker's reaction, weren't
part of the poor bastard's collection. The story takes a
few more strange turns, based on what I learned from my
contacts on the force. Walker's gun permits turned up
bogus, with no records of them on file anywhere. But
that's kid stuff compared to this: a few of the weapons,
the ones that were planted, I think, are connected to a
couple murders.

It gets worse. Johnny was hit by a car and killed
while walking home from a bar. I read it in the
paper today.

Log Enrey i8

I've been keeping track of Bill. To outward appear-
ances, he's fine. Making the party rounds and sticking to

his normal routine. This all has to be making him shit his
pants, though.
I haven't been able to find Ellen. She may have

skipped town.

Log Enrey i9

According to my sources, Ellen is now listed as a
missing person. Her sister reported it yesterday.
What the hell is going on?

Loctnrey 20

For the past two days, I've tailed Bill exclusively.
My contact still wants information on him and I'm
not willing to allow him to just disappear like Ellen
did. At least now I don't have to bullshit the time Bill
spent with Walker and the others. His days are de-
voted to political crap, and now his nights are spent
at home alone.

The shit has hit the fan. Someone or something,
Vazquez or whoever paid him the most targeted the
poor bastards. These things must have friends on the
inside. Walker's arrest just stinks. My contacts have
turned up nothing about it, but I know it's not legit.
Walker wasn't a killer.

Johnny may have been a victim of a DUI or the
target of ahit. No one seems to know or care. There isn't
much of an investigation under way, which doesn't jibe
with Johnny being a student. There'd be a big stink over
the death of a college kid. It's almost as if the police are
doing just enough to keep his parents quiet.

I still have zip on Ellen

Maybe these things like Vazquez
borrowed so deep into society that we just can't see
them. If we want to dig them out, we're going to lose a
lot of blood. Is the government in with these things?
Maybe, but that doesn't explain Vazquez and his behav-
ior, if Bill's story was accurate.

Log Enrey 2i

Bill committed suicide today. He sat in his car while
he ran the engine in his garage.

I hope Ellen went as peacefully.

Walker probably won't last long in prison. That's
the way they, whoever the hell they are, want it.

Log inrry 22

This is my last entry. I'm getting out of town and I
hope none of this follows me.

I'muploading these files and trashing my hard drive.
I don't want anything falling into the wrong hands, but
I need a copy to hold onto for my own reference. I hope
I get a chance to use it.

I got a package in the mail today. It was payment for
keeping tabs on Bill, but there was also letter criticizing

re ticks. They're


me for failing to report a lot of Bill's activities. It
specifically pointed out that I had Bill down for flat out
bullshit during his meetings with the others. The letter
didn't mention exactly what he was up to. It just said
that my contact had good information that Bill wasn't
doing what I said he was.

They know.

Part of me wants to believe that my contact had
other Pls working on Bill, too, but I don't see that. I'm
too good to have missed something like that. There's
something far worse behind this. My contact went on

toexplain that they felt justified docking my pay. They
said they might have overlooked mistakes like that in
the past, but that they'd gotten outside information
that the particular hours I missed were critical to
observing Bill. They warned against making mistakes
like that, and made it clear they didn't have much more
use for me.

I'm getting the hell out of here. I'll be ona flight out
of town by 11. [don't care where I go. It probably doesn't
matter. Where do you run to get away from something
like this?



CHAPTER G: BETTER JUDGMENT

Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way,
he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have

good things in possession
— Proverbs 28:10

Sunday, September 3: Stakeout yielded little tono
hard info. Subject Alejandro Ortega — if that is indeed

its name — didn't leave house during daylight hours.
Ortega, under close scrutiny (aided by the Mind of God)
seems to be almost completely inert. This marks a
difference between it and the "zombie" that the five of
us destroyed in April, as the zombie almost pulsated with
raw hatred. This being seems quite cold but possessed of
amuch subtler and malign intelligence. I have no better
way of putting it.

Note to self: Find a way to determine if Ortega can
leave the house in sunlight or simply chooses not to do so.

Ortega left the house shortly after sundown (roughly
7 PM). Interesting to note if time changes as sundown
gets earlier, assuming Ballew allows surveillance to
continue for that amount of time, which I doubt. After
he left, I placed a call to Turner to let him know that the
subject had left the house, and I went home.

Conclusions: Ortega is, without doubt, a creature
ofsome kind (note to self: finda more appropriate term).
Exactly what kind and in what way — if any —he feeds
on people remains to be seen.

Follow-up: Turner says he saw Ortega entering a
nightclub in a Hispanic neighborhood shortly after I saw
him leave his house.

Saturday, September 9: Stakeout continues.
Reynolds remarks that Ortega is either very arrogant or
very stupid. This neighborhood has no block watch and
in three weeks of surveillance, not one of us has been
approached by police or anyone else.

Ortega's routines are predictable enough. Every
evening he rises at sundown as evidenced by lights
in his house. (The small changes in sundown over
the past week haven't allowed me to determine if he
is bound by time or simply habit). He leaves shortly
(within 20 minutes) thereafter and drives to one of
anumber of nightclubs or bars. Note: Tuesday night
(September 5th) he went to a block party, once
again in a Latino section of town. Why does he
frequent the Hispanic areas? To blend in? Some
sense of nostalgia?

Tonight we're trying a new tactic. Livia, while of
Greek descent, will blend in better than any of the rest
of us could. She will follow him into whatever nightclub
he chooses and observe his habits. Ballew and Turner
have repeatedly warned her not to approach him until
we have more information. I, as usual, stay neutral in
this debate.

The Club: Livia has been inside the club for nearly
30 minutes. Reynolds is becoming anxious.


The "blending-in" theory doesn't seem to hold
water. Ortega's car alone, not to mention his cultured
and educated manner, makes him stand out. So why
come to the barrio at all? Reynolds guesses that this area
may have held some special significance for Ortega
"when he was alive." This makes the assumption, how-
ever, that he is dead, and he seems in many ways more
alert than the walking corpse we faced before.

Conclusions: Livia was reluctant to tell us, but as
usual she realized in the end that holding back informa-
tion is dangerous.

Ortega struck upa conversation with another woman
and danced with her. Livia says she felt some hope for
Ortega at that point, as he did not seem to bear the
woman any ill will. However, after their dance, the
woman left Ortega to make a phone call. The pay
phones in the club are located in small alcoves (presum-
ably to deaden the noise). Livia positioned herself to
watch the woman. Ortega followed her and according to
Livia, bit her on the shoulder from behind. She did not
struggle. Ortega had his hands on either side of the
alcove; any passerby would think they were making out.
It only lasted a few seconds, then he walked away. Livia
checked the woman. She was alive, if somewhat con-
fused. The victim told Livia that she "skipped lunch"
and was feeling "weak." The victim then found Ortega
in the crowd and told him (Livia assumes) that she was
tired and needed to go home. Ortega did not protest.
Livia reports that there was no noticeable wound on the
woman's shoulder.

This opens several possibilities. One is that Ortega
is feeding on emotion, but doing it ina much more direct
and yet more subtle manner than the other being we
encountered (reference point: April 4 through April
26). Another, the one that Livia and Reynolds both
assert (and | am inclined to agree with) is that Ortega is
feeding directly on his victims, much like a mythical
vampire is supposed to. Livia insists that 1 note that
Ortega did not kill his victim. Turner notes, however,
that killing in such a public place would draw attention.
Allevidence suggests that Ortega does not wish to draw
attention to himself.

Wednesday, September 13: Several more nights of
surveillance on Ortega. No noteworthy events. He
follows a pattern: leaves home, goes to club, "feeds" and
remains at the club for the better part of the evening.
The clubs and bars he frequents have little in common;
music and dancing styles vary. Still no acceptable theo-
ries on why Ortega sticks to the Hispanic parts of town.
Still no information on where he gets his money, al-
though beyond electricity and gas for his car, hisexpenses
may be negligible.

Ballew and Turner argue that since we know his
habits and his neighborhood has not had any police

patrols since we began surveillance, we could break in
and interrogate Ortega. This requires committing a
number of crimes, including breaking and entering,
trespassing and probably assault. Ballew also pitches his
long-standing "kill 'em all" arguments. Livia has not
learned (as Reynolds and I have) that debating with him
only fuels his fervor.

Saturday, September 23: Today is the Autumnal
Equinox. We met and discussed possibilities concerning
Ortega. Ballew's contacts in the police department state
that there has not been a violent crime or break-in in
Ortega's neighborhood in years. Also, Ortega has no
criminal record. He is listed as an immigrant from the
Dominican Republic, and has been living in the U.S.A.
for over 20 years. Turner remarks that he looks young for
his age. Ballew takes this as "proof that he's an undead
bastard, since he doesn't age," but the difference be-
tween his apparent age and his age on paper isn't great
enough to prove anything.

Decisions: We have decided, in light of the fact
that Ortega is a) "wrong" (not much better than the
term "creature") and b) actively feeding on human
beings, to enter his house while he is gone, prepare for
his return, and interrogate him using fire asa threat. Fire
was effective in destroying the corpse in April. We're
taking a chance here, but it's a calculated risk. Turner
says he'll also bring holy water and a crucifix. He claims
those objects have proven useful before. I will videotape
the proceedings.

Saturday, September 30: The "interrogation" was
a failure. Ortega will not be preying on people any
longer, however.

We chose a Saturday night because Ortega stays out
longer on Saturdays. We — myself, Ballew and Turner
— entered his house an hour after he left. Reynolds and
Livia followed Ortega to make sure we knew when he
was returning. The alarm system was, in a word, laugh-
able. I disarmed it easily. We set up the main bathroom
as our "interrogation room." It had a large cast-iron tub
and was two running steps away from the back staircase,
which would (and did) enable us to beat a hasty retreat.

Reynolds telephoned at approximately 3 AM to tell
us that Ortega was en route. Since he always enters
through the front door, we waited in the living room
(near the door) and hid. When he walked in, we waited
until he locked it and then attacked.

Ballew attempted to pull a cloth bag over his head
so he couldn't see us to focus any powers on us (vam-
pires of legend are often portrayed with such abilities).
Ortega was extremely fast — he dodged Ballew and ran
for the door. Turner then pulled out his crucifix and
forced Ortega back. I focused the camera sharply on
him and silently invoked the Eye of God. Apparently
Ortega, like the corpse we destroyed before, was afraid


CHAPTER 6: BETTER JU

of judgment; the Eye rendered him immobile. Ballew
grabbed him. Reynolds came in the back door (which
we'd left unlocked) and helped us drag Ortega upstairs.
He was no stronger than a normal man. Turner re-
ported that his thrashing grew stronger as they reached
the bathroom, though.

We dropped him into the tub and immediately
poured gasoline on him. He seemed paralyzed with fear
—he took no aggressive action. Ballew held a lighter
above him and he seemed to understand that we wanted
something. Here was where we hit asnag that none of us
anticipated — Ortega didn't speak English.

Ballew knows some conversational Spanish, but
Ortega was too panicked to puzzle through Ballew's
attempts and Ballew was growing angry. After about
10 minutes of fruitless conversation, Ballew lit the
lighter and dropped it on Ortega. The flames con-
sumed him in what seemed like seconds (upon
reviewing the tape, it actually took over a minute)
Ballew and Turner kept him in the tub with shovels
until his body was consumed

Livia arrived as we were running out of the house.
She was, of course, upset at the way the "interrogation"
had gone. It couldn't be helped, obviously.

While he was burning, Ortega screamed in
Spanish. Ballew wrote down what he said as we
viewed the tape and says he will translate it, but
believes the creature was praying. That gave both
myself and Livia pause, especially considering that
Ortega was repelled by the crucifix. | wondered
aloud if he chose his condition or if it was inflicted
on him, to which Livia replied, "We'll never know,
will we?" and stormed out. She was upset that she
wasn't given a chance to question him. She be-
lieves that even with the language barrier, she
could have established a "rapport" with Ortega. I
regret that we did not learn more than we did, but
I don't mourn Ortega's passing.

We did not recover any information from his
house. The fire spread despite our best efforts and we
were forced to run. We gained little information about
Ortega from the whole endeavor. On the whole, a
minor victory at best.

Friday, November 10: Livia came by the shop
today and asked for a copy of the video, saying that there
was "something she wanted to check out." She asked
that I not mention the copy to the others. I agreed, but
when I made it I edited out any mention of our names.
There's enough on that video already. Our names don't
need to be there as well

Saturday, December 2: Hands are shaking badly.
Never had one walk right into my store. At first
thought it was coming to avenge Ortega, but it didn't
seem to notice my distress.

GMENT


1 was sitting at the desk in back, eating leftover
turkey and going over the books for November when I
heard the door chime. I walked into the store and saw a
man looking over the video cameras. He was slightly
taller than me, Caucasian, white shirt, blue jeans, jacket
that I thought was too thin for this time of year. Brown
hair — odd cut, just below the ears. Looked rather
disheveled, actually.

lasked him if he needed anything and he responded
that he was just looking. He browsed for a few minutes
and then asked when I was closing (this was approx. 8:50
PM). I told him nine o'clock. He nodded and said he'd
come back Monday night. As he was leaving, I glanced
down at my cash register. I believe I briefly saw the time/
date stamp form the word "DEATH" for a moment,
although I can't explain how that's possible.

The man stood outside the store for a few minutes.
Hooked at him more carefully, and he was most certainly
wrong somehow. I could simply sense it. I did not have
time to invoke the Mind of God. In any event, I have
trouble doing so in my shop.

Ineed to remain focused about this. He made no
sign of recognizing me. He didn't even look me in
the eye. He seemed interested in the camcorders. I
hope he does return. Then I can examine him with
a clearer head

I think I'll wait to let the others know. The only one
I'd really want to involve at this stage is Reynolds, and
he insists thatall developments be shared with everyone
immediately. | don't want Ballew going off and attack-
ing this being, or Livia attempting to save it, at least not
right away.

Monday, December 4: He (it?) showed up around
7PM. There were other people in the store, sol couldn't
afford to concentrate enough to try and learn about him.
However, | did speak with him.

He says he needs a camcorder capable of recording
at night, with a good battery. I was able to point him to
some good models. He pored over prices forawhile, then
decided to purchase one (not the top-of-the-line, sug-
gesting that money isa factor). Thinking quickly, I told
him that I had none in stock, but was expecting a
shipment the next afternoon. He said he'd come by
tomorrow night to pick it up.

Actually, I have several in stock, but I wanted a
chance to plant a tracking device inside the camera.
Hopefully, he'll pay with a check or credit card —
something I can use to identify him.

I'm still not convinced that I should alert the
others yet. | have no information to give them, really.
Allen is scheduled to work tomorrow, so I think I'll
drop by and help him out for a while. That will leave
him free to work the desk so that I can look more
deeply into this being.

Observations: While I was speaking with him, he
glanced over the other people in the store. He did not
seem to be eyeing them hungrily, but had a strange
look on his face. Almost benign, as though he were
watching over them. At no time did he make eye
contact with me.

Tuesday, December 5: The tracking device is
inside the camera and is functioning properly. I recorded
several minutes of footage with it, just to make sure the
camera still worked as it should, and no problems.

Goals for today, when he shows up: Invoke Mind of
God. Try to gain perspective on exactly what he is. My
original gut instinct — that he was an associate of
Ortega's — seems implausible.

Also, try to get him talking about mundane issues.
Job, politics, history. His haircutseems outdated, though
that may be coincidence. Perhaps his speech patterns
will "date" him further. He has thus far been very
taciturn in conversation.

Later: All went as planned. He bought the camera
— paid with "old" hundred-dollar bills. I did have a
chance to invoke the Mind of God and I am very
confused by what I saw.

First, mundane observations. He wore the same
clothes as before. His shoes were stained with dirt and
mud, as were his jeans. | tried to get him chatting, but his
speech didn't suggest any particular locale to me. He is
fairly well spoken; grammar is good, but he certainly uses
as few words as possible.

The only comment of note that he made was a
very disturbing one. Allen has developed a nasty
cough, probably due to smoking as well as the weather.
While the man and I were talking, Allen began to
cough violently. The man looked at him quizzically
and then nodded, almost sadly. He said, more to
himself than to me, "He doesn't sound good." Then,
addressing me directly (though still not making eye
contact) he asked if Allen was my only employee. I
said that he was. The man nodded again and asked a
question about the camera.

1 taught him how to use the camera and he was
practicing, panning around the store while I "drew up
his bill." Actually, I used the time to focus on him. My
results were strange. I do not believe the man to be a
vampire. While there are certain similarities to Ortega,
the differences far outweigh them.

Ortega, for example, seemed inert, as though locked
in a perpetual state of death. This new subject —
"unsub," for Unknown Subject, Ballew would insist —
looked more... interesting? Perhaps interested? Hard to
say. His features seemed blackened, almost like a skull.
Thad noticed before he came in that his breath didn't fog
in the cold. Note to self: research legends of effects on
selling one's soul.


I think the time has come to report these findings to
the others. I think Reynolds will be especially interested
in this one. I want to follow this unsub home and see
where he sleeps. I have a feeling it will be somewhere
connected with death.

Friday, December 8: The others have mixed
feelings about my news. None of them are very happy
that I waited a few days to inform them, but there's
nothing to be done about that. As I anticipated,
Reynolds is intrigued by my observations. Ballew,
predictably, simply wants to kill it. Turner was an hour
late to our meeting. His daughter was in a school play.
Ballew was not pleased, but Turner was adamant that
he not miss the performance. I'm rather glad I don't
have any living family.

Livia seems distracted. I'd have thought this strange
man, who might do harm simply via eye contact yet
chooses not to, would interest her.

Reynolds and Turner both asserted that we need to
watch this being and assess the threat he poses. Livia
agreed, but seemed in a hurry to leave. Ballew, as usual,
favors an immediate response, but bows to the wisdom
of caution. We will track the camera beginning Sun-
day night.

Sunday, December 10: Strange occurrences to-
night. The tracking device led us — myself, Reynolds
and Ballew — to an apartment building not far from
my shop. The building had a locked outer door. Al-
though Ballew said he could open it, we decided to
wait. After nearly two hours, a woman entered the
building. Reynolds caught the door and we entered.
We traced the device's signal to apartment 202. We
listened outside the door and heard a TV. To all
appearances, someone was home watching television.
Thad no way to determine if it was the same man from
the shop. Ballew asked if the signal from the camera
could be duplicated or "thrown off" somehow. I admit-
ted it was possible but not very likely.

The name on the mailbox for apt #202 was Richard
Cho. As Allen is working the store during the day
tomorrow, I am going to begin surveillance of this Cho.

Monday, December 11: Cho left his apartment
around 8 AM. Drives a late 80s Honda. Went to
veterinary hospital two blocks from apartment. Did
not carry animal carrier to car. PETA bumper stick-
ers. Might be an employee. Tracking device indicates
that camera is still in apartment, but I have no way
to get in.

Cho left hospital at 11:45 AM. Lunch at local fast
food. Must be employee. I focused on him while he was
eating. He looks completely normal. Slightly over-
weight. Chinese-American. | wonder if he stole the
camera? He seems a very upbeat and vital man. Perhaps
he is a servant of our mysterious unsub.

CHAPTER G: BEYER JUDGMENT

Cho returned to the vet's office around 12:45 PM
and remained there until after 5 PM. Went directly
home. I left shortly thereafter.

Conclusions: I spoke with Reynolds via telephone
He says that he feels Cho is involved somehow. While
Reynolds' judgment has always been sound, I ques-
tioned him on this. In the end, we decided that the only
way to be sure (apart from interrogating Cho, and we're
reluctant to try that) is to enter his apartment so that I
can examine the camera for tampering. That means
contacting Ballew. Ihave to work tomorrow, so the two
of them are going to bring the camera to me at work,

Tuesday, December 12: Ballew and Reynolds ar-
tived with the camera. Ballew apparently opened the
deadbolt on Cho's door without difficulty but then
knocked overa potted plant and had to spend extra time
cleaning up. Ballew insists it would have been simpler to
"trash the place and make it look like a robbery," but
that wouldn't make sense —a burglar would have stolen
the camera (which was on the floor in plain sight,
according to Reynolds) and we need Cho to have it
back. Cho left and went to work this morning as yester-
day, according to Reynolds. The camera is indeed the
same one I sold the unsub, and the tracking device has
not been moved or tampered with. There was no tape in
the camcorder, although Reynolds said that there was a
tape sitting on Cho's floor next to the camera, stillin the
store packaging. Ballew reports that Cho hada calendar
on the wall and the 2 Ist was circled. As Reynolds points
out, that by itself could mean anything.

The question, obviously, is why Cho now has the
camera that the unsub purchased. Ballew and Reynolds
reported no occult paraphernalia in Cho's apartment.
He does not appear to be hiding anything. Since Cho's
apartment is only a short detour for me on my way home,
I will drive by his building and check to see if the device
is still there (Ballew and Reynolds returned it). We will
tail him on the 21st to see where he goes. Reynolds
asserts that it's probably a Christmas party. At this
point, I'm inclined to agree.

Wednesday, December 20: This is our busy season
at the store, and I'm actually glad that I haven't found a
solid lead on the unsub yet. Allen's illness has gotten
worse. He's called in sick every day this week, leaving me
to work 12-hour shifts. Cho has been home every
evening that I've driven by, and even when he isn't
there the camera is. If 1 hadn't gotten such a strange
feeling and vision when I invoked the Mind of God
while looking at the unsub, I'd be tempted to write the
whole thing off.

Imay need to close early tomorrow if Allen is still ill.
Or perhaps Reynolds or Turner could handle surveil-
lance for a change (I wouldn't trust Ballew to do it, and
Livia's been inaccessible of late).


Thursday, December 21: Allen is dead.

First thing's first. I never got to follow Cho. I had
barely pulled up to his apartment when my cell phone
rang. It was a paramedic. A customer found Allen
collapsed on the floor of the shop. I left Cho's apartment
immediately. I called Reynolds (no answer), Ballew
(not home) and finally Turner and told him about the
situation. He said he'd get to Cho's apartment as soon as
hecould. Itturned out that by the time he got there, Cho
was already gone. It occurred to me much too late that
Icould have given Turner the tracking device, but at the
time | was far too stressed to think of that.

When I got to the store, the paramedics had already
taken Allen away. The customer who had discovered
him had kindly waited for me to arrive. | thanked him
and he left. I closed the shop and discovered (much to
my relief) that no money was missing. Sounds callous, I
know, but this shop is my life

Allen died shortly after 11 PM. The diagnosis was
congestive heart failure. Surprising for one so young
(Allen was 27), so I imagine they'll do an autopsy.

I went home from the hospital and am going to get
drunk. As I said, I have no living family. But ever since
that man walked into the store, I've had an unshakeable
feeling that someone was going to die.

Today, incidentally, is the Winter Solstice. Livia
usually thinks things like that are important.

Monday, December 25: Christmas day. | went to

church this morning. Allen'sservice is tomorrow. Noth-
ing else of significance. There is a solar eclipse today, as
well, but I don't know what time.

Tuesday, December 26: Allen's service was
brief. The eulogy was moved inside the church as
opposed to being delivered at the cemetery due to
the weather. The weather service reports that the
blizzard won't let up until tomorrow. I'm not re-
opening the shop until Thursday.

Livia, Reynolds and Ballew attended. Turner is
superstitious about funerals, buthides it undera pretense
of services being "for the living, not the dead." The
cemetery gave us a chance to talk, despite the cold.

Ballew was insistent that Allen's death was not
natural. The autopsy report, which I told his parents I
needed to see because of the benefits package Allen had
through the shop (a lie, of course) did not reveal any-
thing untoward. Itsimply showed that Allen's lungs had
been deteriorating for some time and the bronchial
infection he'd picked up, added to his smoking habit,
simply became too much for his body to handle.

Reynolds said he understood if] wanted to sit out of
this investigation. I told him I was all right, that I'd
grieve on my own time. Ballew seemed impressed with
my strength, but Reynolds just nodded, as if unsure.
Livia seemed to feel I was hiding something.

1 agreed to continue investigating Cho and the
unsub because, frankly, I have little else to do. Before
God visited me, I was content to run my shop and tinker
with my toys, alone. But then... it's not important. This
record is to help me remember details of the investiga-
tion, not to share my thoughts.

But it does me good sometimes to get them out.

I suppose it's natural, in the event of a death, to
wonder who would attend my funeral. I suspect only the
others that do God's work with me. The cemetery
seemed so empty in winter.

Enough of that. All five of us are meeting tonight to
discuss our next course. I'm going to recommend we
break into Cho's apartment again andssee if anything has
been recorded on the camera

Later: The others accepted my plan. Ballew,
Reynolds and I are going to enter Cho's apt tomorrow
while he works. Livia is going to bring her cat to the
office to make sure he doesn't run home for any reason.
Turner will watch the apt building from his van. Hope-
fully there's something there worth finding.

Wednesday, December 27: The blizzard let up a
little in the morning. We watched Cho leave for work.
Livia called us when she reached the office and reported
seeing him in the hallway. Ballew opened the deadbolt
with an odd-looking tool. I reflect again how little 1
know about these people, compared to how much they
know about me. I have no idea what Ballew does for a
living that requires him to know how to pick locks. Of
coutse, it could be a skill he picked up post- Visitation.

The three of us entered the apartment. It was much
as the others had reported: clean and unremarkable. A
lot of PETA paraphernalia, but nothing that would
indicate Cho as an activist. The refrigerator revealed
him to be a fairly strict vegetarian. Ballew reacted with
derision. I think Ballew could stand to cut down on the
red meat a little himself,

The camera was there and there was a tape in it on
which Cho had recorded perhaps an hour of footage. I
had the foresight to bring a recorder/player with me so
that we could copy anything we found. I made a copy of
the tape and then advanced itback to the same position.
The tracking device was, again, undisturbed.

We searched the rest of the apartment but found
nothingremarkable. Cho is, toall appearances, anormal
man. The material on the tape he shot, however, proved
appearances to be misleading.

We left the apartment and adjourned to my shop.
Livia joined us shortly thereafter. She reported that Cho
did not leave the office while she was there, and that her
cat was in fine health.

The tape revealed that the unsub is the leader of
some form of group ot even cult. Cho was taping a
meeting of this group, apparently at the leader's


behest. We counted ten members, including Cho,
plus the leader (whom the members referred to as
"Gideon"). I couldn't figure out the location, only
that though they were inside, the structure wasn't
heated, as their breath fogged.

The meeting did not seem to involve anything
resembling sacrifice. It actually looked more like group
therapy, at least for the first half-hour orso. Everyone sat
inatight circle, discussing death. Gradually, we realized
that some of the deaths they discussed had been reported
in the papers lately (beyond the obituaries). A young
man killed inadrunk-driving accident. A woman beaten
to death by her husband. The "cultists" did not express
sorrow or any discernable emotion, and the leader
simply sat among them with the same benevolent look
that I saw at the shop.

During these discussions, | again noticed (and
pointed out) that the leader's breath did not fog as the
cultists' did. Also, at no time did he make eye contact
with any of the cultists. He would occasionally speak —
usually to correct pronunciation of a name or a cause of
death — but did not offer any opinion on the deaths.

The last death mentioned was that of Allen Gainor,
my employee. One of the cultists mentioned that he
died of heart failure while at work, and the leader —
Gideon — nodded and said, "I saw him a few days before
his time. I don't think he was ready, but that's not our
problem, I'm afraid." What he said next scared and
angered me (and, | think, the rest of us): "When I came
to him that night, he asked for a few more days to try to
recover. I granted him that, but in the end, he wasn't
strong enough to pull through. He was buried yesterday,
not far from here."

Ballew was both incensed and vindicated. Here, he
felt, was proof that this "Gideon" had taken a direct
hand in Allen's death. Reynolds wasn'tso sure. Afterall,
nothing Gideon said revealed that he had any inside
information on how Allen died, or gave any hint of a
motive. In fact, both Reynolds and Livia felt that
Gideon might simply be an insane if charismatic man
with an obsession for death who managed to find a few
like-minded disciples. Had the Mind of God not shown
me otherwise, I might have agreed. We paused the tape
to let Ballew vent a little and then resumed.

After these last few comments, Gideon stood and
walked among them. The camera followed him, and
for the first time I could see that they were in a very
small room with stone walls and a stone floor, almost
like a cellar or mausoleum. Gideon began delivering
what seemed like a sermon, and despite myself, I
found that I was nodding along with the cultists
(Livia and Turner were as well, so I didn't feel too
bad). The gist of the sermon was simply that death
isn'ta malevolent force that strikes at random — itis,

instead, simply a force. Everyone dies on something
of a schedule, according to Gideon, and sometimes
people try to cheat or sidestep the schedule, as Allen
had presumably done.

I remembered then that Gideon had asked if Allen
was my only employee, and then shaken his head as
though he knew hard times were ahead for me. I swal-
lowed that thought and kept watching.

Gideon made some references to funerals and
death-related beliefs of various cultures. Livia copied
these down and says she'll research their veracity (to
prove or disprove Ballew's assertion that Gideon was
"talking out of his ass"). Regardless of how well in-
formed he is on that particular aspect of sociology,
Gideon is an amazing speaker. His voice and bearing
made the sermon less like a mandate or a lecture and
more like a conversation, although none of the other
cultists did anything more than sit, rapt, while he
spoke. I could see why.

After his sermon, Gideon turned to face them and
asked an odd question: "Is anyone ready?" One woman
stood. She looked about 30, Caucasian, slightly over-
weight, bundled in a heavy coat and mittens. Gideon
approached her and said something very quietly. I had
to rewind and tinker with the sound to hear what he
said. It was a question, "What do you leave behind,
Ann?" She considered and then answered — I think
the first thing she said was, "My brother," but Gideon
stopped her.

"No," he said, "That's not the answer. You'll have to
wait." He held her close, almost tenderly. She wrapped
herarms around him tightly, apparently crying. He then
whispered to her again, this time asking her to remain
behind after the meeting

He turned to the rest and told them (though it
seemed to be more a reminder) that their member-
ship in the cult (he said "your presence here") gave
them some say over when death would take them.
He then dismissed them. They left and walked out of
the building. Cho did not turn around to film the
building (why would he?) but by that time I knew
where they were, having visited the cemetery the
day before.

The group of them walked to the parking lot, not
speaking. Cho's camera passed over the other cars for
only a few seconds, and only showed enough to get the
makes and models of few of them. He got to his own car
and turned off the camera.

We sat there in silence for a moment. This was
something new and frightening. In the case of the
zombie, our course of action was simple because the
being was causing damage to people and property. In
the case of Ortega, our plan went awry but I still felt
justified in destroying him (as he had been preying on


Se

people directly). With Gideon and his followers, how-

ever, the only thing that they are obviously guilty of is Drake: Here's what I found on the net about
trespassing. Even Ballew was hard-pressed to find a cults, for what it's worth.
reason to kill Gideon. To: clockwatcher332

I was the one to suggest aggressive action, fora |} From: bookworm55

change. Gideon may not be dead or "undead" (his
missing breath notwithstanding), I told the others, but
he is most certainly one of the creatures God tapped us
to find and destroy. Livia and Reynolds both hemmed
and hawed at that (neither of them admit that it was
God's will that opened their eyes; I feel that realization
will come in time). Ballew agreed with me, saying he

trusted my judgment. Turnersaid that until he sees some
real proof that Gideon is harmful, he'll have no part in The cult is made to seem more important than any

this investigation. And damn it, he was quite right. I other facet of a person's life.
need more proof. Cult leaders are often either deranged (mega-

lomania and delusions of grandeur are common) ot
have an agenda and use dupes to achieve it.

Subject: cules

Having done a little research into what makes
acult a cult (as opposed to a club), and then doing
a little extrapolation and collecting what little
data exists on cults run by various creatures, here's
what I've come up with:

A cult pulls people away from their families.

As Livia is on Christmas break at the moment, she
says she'll scout the cemetery during the day and try to

find the mausoleum where the meeting took place. 1 Cult members often have inflated opinions of
gave her a digital camera to take along. We agreed that their importance, but their self-esteem might not
the meeting must have been held on or before the 2st, be all that great. Then you get the combination of
because the snow on the ground was very light. "these people know my real worth" and "Wow!
There's a lot I need to do. I need to hire a new ff These people think I'm cool!" That's a very seduc-
employee so that I can have the occasional day to devote tive combination to the right kind of person.
to surveillance. | wonder how much I could get for Cults that involve crimes from theft to murder
selling the shop? No, strike that. I'll post a "Help are usually led to believe that the "system" is

Wanted" sign tomorrow. corrupt and that they're above the law.

Thursday, December 28: No phone call from Livia While tales of SRA (Satanic Ritual Abuse) are
today. Reynolds says he'll start combing hunter-net for tife in tabloids, there's no hard evidence ofa multi-
references to cults formed around the things we fight generational cult; one that breeds babies in special
(still want a better term). camps and murders dozens or hundreds of people

each year. There is, however, hard evidence of
people who claim that they were abused by cults
and who have serious psychological issues as a
result. Draw your own conclusions.

Friday, December 29: Two applications in today.
Start interviews Tuesday. Livia emailed me photos.
She found the mausoleum. She reports that the door
was chained and fastened with a very new-looking

padlock, so she couldn't enter. She also mentioned And now for the "other side." Well, taking
that a groundskeeper approached her and asked what what we know about cultists and cult leaders, what
she was doing. Odd, considering that a lot people we call "warlocks" seem most likely to form cults.
wander through cemeteries. She made some excuse If Purple is any example, they can apparently cause
and took a photo of the groundskeeper (mostly profile, freaky coincidences at will — and potential cult
as she didn't want him to notice). The caretaker is, members would eat that crap up, I expect. Nothing
without a doubt, one of the people in the video. Livia says that warlocks can't be deranged (and they
did not think to focus on the caretaker. However, she certainly seem to have agendas), so I'd say if you've

did mark the door of the mausoleum with a symbol got a cult with some otherworldly being as the

meaning something along the lines of "infested" (ref- leader, he's probably a warlock. If you like, I'llsend

erence point: code symbols, March 2). along some of the stories and legends I've dug up on
Monday, January 12 Happy New Yeni No taivite: warlocks/ witches} sorcerers and so forth.

tions to parties. Went to one last year with Allen. Just as As for the rest of the horrors out there, who.
well. What if someone at the party turned out to be a knows? Coulda ghost possess someone into start-
creature? What if I saw such a being while drunk? Best ing (or joining) a cult? Maybe even a
that I stay home. shapechanger — there's the old belief that
werewolves were just warlocks who sold their
souls to gain the power to change. If you find any
good evidence, let me know.

Reynolds emailed me-with some information he
found on the net about cults. | haven't been on hunter-
net in months. Wonder if my screen name is still active?

Wednesday, January 3: Training with Dee (my
new employee) took up the whole shift. That, and
dealing with inevitable returns after Christmas. I get so
tired of re-iterating our "no returns" policy. Anyway, she
left around 5 PM, leaving me to cover the evening shift
alone, which was fine — fairly dea... uh, uneventful.

When I got home last night, there was a message on
my machine from Reynolds, asking if I could meet with
the group. I called back and said that I couldn't — no
‘one to man the shop. Reynolds suggested meeting in my
backroom at the store. I refused. He sounded annoyed,
but I don't see him offering up his cubicle. | fell asleep.
Didn't even bother with recording yesterday.

Thursday, January 4: We all met tonight at my
store. I'm going to have very strong words with Reynolds
later. I only had to get up once or twice to see to
customers, but that isn't the point. This is my shop. I
don't want this part of my life to blur with what we do.

Anyway, despite my grumbling, we talked about
Gideon and his cult. We know the names and occu-
pations of two of the cultists. (Cho, obviously, and
the groundskeeper. Livia informs us his name is
Eugene Smith.) We also know at least one place
where they meet. Reynolds guesses that the mauso-
leum has some significance beyond simply being a
meeting place. I agree. Otherwise, it wouldn't be
locked and guarded.

Tailing Cho has proven to be easy and uneventful.
Tailing Smith might be a bit more revealing, but given
the nature of his job (and the fact that he seems more
observant than Cho), it might be hard to accomplish.

Wealso talked over Bookworm55's comments about
cults. Once again, Livia pointed out that we don't have
any evidence of wrongdoing on the part of Gideon or his
people. In the end, we decided that we need to find out
where Gideon resides and what kind of creature he is
before we take any real action. The mark of a true
compromise, this left no one happy.

Wednesday, January 10: Made some phone calls
today and met with Turner and Reynolds this evening
(Dee was kind enough to cover the evening shift on
short notice).

There's no listing for anyone by the name of Gideon
in the greater Columbus area. Since Dee is working
tomorrow evening as well, Reynolds and I are going to
go to the cemetery tomorrow to have a look around.

Later: Livia called and apologized for missing my
call. She reports that the references Gideon made to
different funeral rites are accurate.

Thursday, January 11: The cemetery offered some
interesting information. As we approached, we saw
Smith driving away, his shift done for the day. He didn't
give us a second look. Reynolds noted the make and
model of his car as well as the plate.

We found the mausoleum and were surprised to
note that it was not locked. Entering, we discovered a
casket that was not present during the meeting. If not
for Livia's mark on the door, we would have thought we
had the wrong place. We started looking around more
carefully. Reynolds asked me to keep watch. Mean-
while, he walked around the casket, muttering to
himself. I realized that he was mentally re-creating the
meeting that we saw on the video. Sometimes when he
does this he somehow gains information that he should
not privy be to, as if he were actually there. God works
in mysterious ways.

He eventually came out of the mausoleum and
closed the doors. He informed me that Gideon and
Smith (whom neither of us thought to focus on, damn
it) had moved the casket back into the mausoleum after
the meeting, and then locked the door. Gideon then
apparently said something to Smith about the next
month's meeting being on the dark moon, but notat this
locale. The darkroom at the university, instead.

Later: Livia confirms that there isa darkroom at the
university, and told us how to get there. Turner says he'll
find the exact location tomorrow. The "dark moon" —
presumably the new moon — is January 24th. All five of
us will be waiting for the cultists. We've already re-
minded Ballew that we aren't staging an assassination
unless we see a direct threat to human life.

Monday, January 22: Livia's information about
class times was accurate, and as she stated, many of the
classrooms are unlocked at night. With Reynolds' help,
I've set up cameras in the darkroom, one of which has a
night-vision lens. I've also planted several listening
devices. There's a room upstairs from the darkroom
that'll let us see and hear the meeting. There seem to be
no s in the building past about 7 PM, so it's easy to
see why Gideon chose it. As long as we don't run across
any security, we should be fine

Thursday, January 25: We staked out the meeting
last night as planned, but fate threw a major wrench in
the works.

Livia didn't make the rendezvous at my shop, and
we couldn't reach her. When we couldn't wait an
longer, we left and made our way to the university,
entering the building through the front entrance (the
back door leads directly to a staircase to the darkroom
and so we figured we could avoid the cultists by entering
through the front). We arrived early, as it turned out,
but Gideon and Smith were both present. Also present
was another man: mid 20s, brown hair, nondescript. He
was dressed for the weather better than Gideon was.
They spoke, but seemed to be dodging the topic at hand
— a lot of indefinite pronouns: "it," "they," "that."
Smith remained completely silent during the exchange.
Finally, the other man handed Gideon an envelope and


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

said, "This is from Kingston. This is the last time he's
making this request, okay?" Then he left.

We had stationed Ballew on the other side of the
building so he could watch who came and went, and we
called his cell phone and told him to look for the man
coming out. Within seconds, he called back, frantically
whispering, "He's a vampire! He's a fucking vampire!
Get down here, now!" We left the recording equipment
running, met up with Ballew and followed the man.

Turner drove the van. I invoked the Mind of God
and decided with guarded confidence that this new
player was indeed a creature. Whether a vampire or not,
I wasn't sure. Following him was difficult, because he
stayed on campus. Finally, he began driving slowly as
though looking for someone. I had Turner let me out. By
calling on the Sight of God, I can see in the dark quite
well and felt I could follow the being on foot. The others
turned off onto a side road, meaning to circle back and
pick me up.

What I saw next frightened me horribly. The vam-
pire had indeed slowed down to look for someone —
Livia. She walked out from a parking lot, got into his car
and they drove away. I was too stunned to say anything.
After watching long enough, I was confident that this
being wasa vampire. There were too many similarities to
that creature Ortega. Fortunately, Livia still seemed the
same. But what was she doing?

The others came back and picked me up. I decided
not to tell them what I saw —for now. I simply said that
I lost the man. We drove back to the building and
listened in on the meeting. It followed much the same
format as before, except that the sermon was slightly
different (and Gideon's voice still had a hypnotic, com-
pelling quality, perhaps even more so than before since
we were hearing it live). It was hard to focus. I was
worried about Livia. I know she can take care of herself.
I just hope she doesn't let her idealism get the better of
her common sense.

No one said they were "ready" this time, though the
woman who did at the last meeting (Ann) was present.
Cho was also present, videotaping again. When the
meeting ended, they all left, and I focused the Mind of
God on Gideon as much as I could. I was left with the
same images as before — he was cold or rather uncon-
cerned about cold in general. And yet, something about
him seemed vital.

1 haven't voiced these feelings to the others. I
haven't figured out what they mean yet. Reynolds tried
to invoke his own perspective of the Mind of God (he
does not refer to it as such), which has revealed a
weakness in a creature in the past. But he said it wasn't
working for some reason. Perhaps because he wasn't
actually "seeing" Gideon, but only watching him through
acamera. I don't see why that should make a difference

Later: Ballew feels we should have attacked
Gideon when we had the chance, but also stated that
the new vampire should become a primary target. I
agreed, but I think my reasons differ. For one thing, |
fear for Livia. For another, I have my own plan as far
as Gideon is concerned.

Friday, February 2: I spoke with Livia and told her
what I saw. She begged me not to tell the others. I agreed
on the condition that she tell me when and where she
intends the meet the vampire again, and that she not
miss any more of our meetings. Also, I asked her to tell
me his name, which she did: John Samuels. She has no
information about Gideon and is afraid to ask Samuels
for fear that it will reveal her association with us. She
says she's interested in saving his soul. I feel that her goal
is noble, but I have no idea how well it will work.

Livia also identified the cultist named Ann. She
happens to work ata different university library than
Livia. I took the morning off and went to the library.
Sure enough, she was there. | asked for help finding
books on funeral rites, specifically citing some of the
practices that Gideon had mentioned. It worked.
Before long, we were getting along famously. I focused
on her and found (much to my relief) that she, like
Cho, is human.

As we talked, ] mentioned that it was too bad the
university didn't teach a sociology class focused on
death mythology and so forth, as I would like to have
an expert opinion on the "paper I was writing." She
said she knew someone who could help, but that she
wouldn't see him until the end of the month. When |
asked for details, she hesitated, but eventually told me
about the cult. She referred to it as a "group of people
who're interested in the same thing." But when I
steered the conversation to Gideon (she told me his
name), she took on an odd glow. She said that he was
"perfect." I found it hard to keep a straight face, but
managed. We exchanged phone numbers and she said
she would call me when she found out where the
meeting was going to be.

I realize that attending a meeting is a risk, but 1
want to know more about Gideon. Is he dead or simply
death-like? Is he malevolent in any way? He seems
inherently wrong, as did the corpse and Ortega (and
Samuels, for that matter), but something about him
also seems... noble? No, that's not right. I'm not sure
how to explain it.

Saturday, February 3: Ann called today. The
meeting is on the 23rd, in the back stock room of a local
office-supply store (apparently Gideon often takes ad-
vantage of his followers' workplaces to hold meetings).
I checked the date and sure enough — the new moon.

No further information on John Samuels. Livia has
been remiss in her part of the agreement, but I'm


hesitant to tell the others. We hadn't suspected any
organization between creatures, but since some appears
toexist, moving against either Gideon or Samuels might
upset the other. | want more information before I report
my findings.

Wednesday, February 14: | find myself growing
impatient for the meeting. Intellectual curiosity, plus
the chance to observe the enemy close-up with no real
danger (I hope). Meanwhile, I've had the chance to
watch Livia with Samuels. He's made no attempt to feed
on her, and although she refuses to allow me to bug
whatever room they talk in, their conversations have
the look of confessions. Even so, my heart's in my throat
every time they're together. I keep waiting for him to
lunge for her.

Saturday, February 24: So much to get down. And
my memory is.... All right, focus.

Went to the meeting in the back stock room. Met
some of the other cultists beforehand. Very normal
people. Not one "creature" among them. Besides the
librarian and the vet tech, there's a secretary, a couple
of students, a mortician (fitting) and a doctor. About
all they seem to have in common is a fanatical regard
for Gideon, and an interest in death — specifically,
their own.

The meeting was mechanically much the same as
the two I viewed. However, I cannot even begin to
describe the difference between watching Gideon
speak on tape and hearing him in person. I was
focused the entire time, and although Gideon is most
certainly "other" (as is Smith — perhaps some sort of
servant?), it is nearly impossible to watch and listen
to him and not be enthralled. I'm almost sure that he
doesn't use any kind of mind-altering power to gener-
ate the effect, either. | felt clear and in control the
entire time. Although I felt God telling me that
something was wrong with Gideon, I also felt his
undeniable wisdom and power.

Perhaps some sort of power did slip through my focus?

After the meeting, he stopped me and asked if was
the man who sold him the camera. I feigned surprise —
trying to create the illusion that | had met Ann by
chance and knew nothing about him. I don't think he
bought it, but he looked pleased to see me.

When I got home, there was a message on my
machine from Reynolds. He wanted to know if1'd found
anything else out about the cult or about Samuels. He
also said that there's an "Alfred Kingston" on the Board
of Trustees of the university, and that he lives on the
south side of town (reference point: January 25). He
suggested a meeting tomorrow.

Sunday, February 25: The meeting today shocked
me a bit. It's been a few weeks, after all. I didn't tell
them about the other meeting | attended, but I did tell

GHAPYER G: BETTER JUDGMENT

them that I'd identified and located Ann (Livia looked
at me strangely, but didn't speak up). I said that I had
nonews about Samuels, but that knew when Gideon's
next meeting was going to be and that Smith (the
groundskeeper) issomehow "wrong," some sort of slave
to Gideon. That got me re-thinking my fascination
with Gideon.

I believe I'll lead my group to Gideon and let them
destroy him. He's no god or leader. He's simply a
charismatic creature of some kind, and he radiates
death. He needs to be put down. | voiced these concerns
to the group. All agreed — even Livia.

Gideon'snext meeting is March 9th. The full moon,
forachange. I have no idea what the significance of that
is. | don't know where the meeting will be yet, but as
soon as I find out, we'll form a plan.

Wednesday, March 7: Don't have much time.
Need to try to remember what happened.

Tuesday night, shortly before 11 PM, I think, some-
one knocked on my door. I answered without using the
goddamned peephole. It was Smith. He said I needed to
gowith him, that Gideon was waiting. I was terrified and
completely unprepared. I thought about calling on the
Eye of God to freeze Smith in place and then run to call
the others, but I didn't. I simply followed him.

Gideon was driving. I rode in the front passenger
seat. Smith got in back. We got on the highway and
Gideon started talking. I don't remember all of what he
said, but | remember he started by calling me an enigma.
Lasked him what he meant.

"I mean," he said (I'm guessing at his exact words),
"that you seem to have a better understanding than the
others. Not of death, exactly, but of judgment." At the
word "judgment" I felt my stomach lurch. Did he know
what I was? If so, could he tell me? "Perhaps you can
grasp the truth?" I could only nod.

He didn't turn to me, but just watched the road. "I
am Death," he said. "Or, more specifically, | am a
physical manifestation of Death. Even when I was alive,
I was Death, but ever since my death and rebirth, I have
done my job here on Earth." He paused. My head was
reeling. | concentrated and saw what | always saw when
1 focused on Gideon —a mad pattern of blacks and blues
around his body. No breath, and cold flesh. | knew —
felt? — that Gideon was a walking corpse, but that
seemed so at odds with him, with the knowledge and
intelligence that he projects.

He continued: "If look into a person's eyes, I know
their time and cause of death. | often choose not to look.
Ido not kill, even if I am present when they die."

I finally found my voice. "So, when you ask at the
meetings if anyone is ready...?"

He smiled. "Yes. Ifanyone is ready to die... on their
own terms."


HUNYER: THE NOCTURNAL

"Has anyone ever..." I couldn't even swallow. I felt
something like revulsion and reverence. I couldn't fig-
out which
"Oh, yes." We both sat in silence for a moment. I
think I asked something about Allen. He simply shoo!
his head — he wasn't prepared to tell me what hap-
pened there

Then the cop pulled us over.

Gideon rolled down the window and looked up.
The cop was drenched — it was raining and we could
barely see the road in front of us. Gideon said something
to him, but I couldn't hear over the rain

ure

The cop took a few steps back toward the highway
T heard the truck blare its horn, but I didn't hear the
impact (thank God). Gideon quickly started the car and
got off the highway at the next exit before the truck had
even stopped. We pulled into my apartment complex
and he parked. "You see what | mean?" he said. "I have
to remain impartial. I cannot feel sorry for that police
officer. It was simply his time."

I think I nodded. Gideon turned to me and looked
me in the eye. I wanted to ask, but couldn't bring myself
to do it. "You need to make a decision," he said. "You
need to decide if you're coming to the meeting. If you
are, it needs to be for the right reasons." I felt like I was
going to throw up. I looked around the car for any sign

from God, for some clue or instruction, but He was
silent. [ knew that if brought the others to the meeting,
itwouldn'tmake any difference to Gideon. How can you
kill Death? Whether he was Death or not, he believedit
The question was, did I?

Topened my mouth. had no idea what I was going
to say. I asked him where the meeting was going to be

He told me. I won't say where here

Igot out of the car. He drove away. I waited until the
taillights were gone and fell to me knees, crying. I do
know how long I was there. I still felt sick when I walked
inside. Part of it was fear. Part of it was guilt. But mostly
[felt relief that Gideon knew what I didn't: What I am.
[trusted him with that knowledge.

Thursday, March 8: I contacted the others and
told them that our meeting this month was postp¢
and that I'd keep them posted. They were disapp pointed.
Dee worked full shift for me today. Not sure what todo

Saturday, March 10: Went to Gideon's meet-
ing. The Death-thing makes too much sense. He
spoke about the cop — knew his full name and bad
number. The papers called it an accident. Next
meeting, April 7th.

Friday, March 23: Been reading about death myths
and so forth. Probably could write a paper. Haven't spoken
to the others lately. Livia called me and asked me to do


something, but | didn't write it down and I can't remember
what she wanted. Probably not all that important.

Friday, April 6: Problems. Meeting's tomorrow,
but the others want my help. Turns out that they've
been looking into Kingston and think he's a blood-
sucker. They plan to hit his house tomorrow night and
want my help. I've got to make Death's meeting, but
couldn't tell them that.

I think Gideon will understand if I'm late. Pll have
to get away as soon as I can. | haven't been feeling as
though God is trying to warn me off — the sick feelings
haven't happened again. I know that Death is simply a
part of the world, I just never knew that it was so literal.
But if I can believe in vampires and ghosts — and even
in the things that I've seen Ballew do — I can believe
that Death walks the Earth. And he's been right every
time, with Allen, with the cop. He knows those people,
knows their names and details about them. He visits
them, he says, and we shouldn't feel bad for them.

This probably isn't the place for these thoughts. But
why not? I'm doing this to make sure I remember
important things.

Sunday, April 8: Ballew and Turner are dead.
Reynolds knew nothing about the attack on Kingston.

He wasn't even there. Ballew bullied Turner into it. We
pulled up to break in and saw another car pull up.
Samuels and Livia got out. | said I'd guard Ballew and
Turner's backs. They went in.

I heard gunshots and got back in the van. Livia ran
out, found me and got in. She was bleeding and saying
something about Ballew shooting her and then Samuels
killing Ballew and Turner. I'd never seen a gunshot
wound before. She kept pressure on it, but all the while
Ikept checking the rear-view mirror, as though Gideon
might just appear.

I dropped Livia off at the hospital. She wasn't badly
injured; she walked in. Then I went to Gideon's meet-
ing. It wasn't far.

I was late, but as I hoped, Gideon didn't mind. I
asked him ifhe'd been at the house earlier that night. He
said, "Ina way."

At the end of the meeting, he asked if anyone was
ready. Ann said she was. He asked the same question as
before: What was she leaving behind? This time, he got
the answer he wanted.

She was smiling. She said, "Everything." He kissed
her and she died. We all felt for her, but not sad. She got
what she wanted. We should all be so lucky.



ULES AND STORYTELLING

TORYTELLING

For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as
were all our fathers: our days on the earth are as a shadow,

and there is none abiding
—1 Chronicles 29:15

Vowpires IN HUNTER

Every culture on Earth has legends about vampires
People seem to have a fascination with blood. Symbol-
ism and mythology about it permeate our religions, our
media and our literature. So it's only natural that one of
the oldest and most constant embodiments of our fears
should feed on our sacred blood

In the World of Darkness, vampires are very real.
They hide, they skulk and they prey on humanity, and
they have been around since prehistory. So many leg-
ends have sprung up around them that, although
literature and information on them is accessible and
plentiful, the imbued have no hope of learning anything
true about vampires simply by studying popular culture
about them. To learn the facts, hunters must hunt.

This chapter contains everything you as Storyteller
need to use vampires as adversaries in Hunter: The
Reckoning. Some of this material was covered in the
Hunter Storytellers Companion; that information is
expanded here. Here, you have information on exactly
how vampires reproduce, some of the unholy powers
they are likely to have, and the best ways to use them to
challenge your troupe's characters. This information
also expands on the material presented in the "Building

Better Monsters" section of the Hunter Storytellers
Handbook (p. 47).

If you are a player, please do not read any further.
Familiarity, after all, deadens the horror of confronting
these monsters. Don't spoil the surprises.

Tut Frors of UNtIFE

What follows are the "nuts and bolts" of vampirism:
how vampires are created, what they do with their
(copious) time, and so on. Not all vampires know all of
these facts about their own existence or kind, so hunters
should have to work carefully to uncover them. Doing so
might be accomplished in numerous ways. Perhaps a
group of hunters spies upon vampires, much like the
hunters in Chapter 6 do. Perhaps they follow a
bloodsucker's cronies during the day or try to link the
vampire to mortal businesses via a paper trail. Or maybe
they take the direct approach: tie down the leech and
threaten him with incineration unless he talks

None of these investigative methods is foolproof,
of course. Vampires lie, even under duress. And as
stated, many of them don't even know "the truth"
about themselves. Any "fact" that hunters learn through
observation or otherwise must be tested before any real
conclusions can be drawn — and many hunters don't


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

know how to interpret or test the data they uncover. In
short, the following truths about nocturnal existence
are for you only. Even if hunters think they learn a
secret about the vampiric state, they can misunder-
stand it, be misled about it or simply be dead wrong and
find out the truth the hard way. The imbued shouldn't
just fall into the great mysteries of the undead. These
beings have existed in secret for millennia. Just because
some plumber suddenly has the power to see dead
people doesn't mean she unravels ages of deception on
a fluke. Chances are she, like the hunters you read
about in the preceding chapters, learns just enough to
be dangerous — mostly to herself.

Grearine YaMPiRes

Legends about vampires give many different causes
for vampirism. Some tales claim that bodies not interred
in holy ground rise as bloodsuckers, whereas in others a
victim must suffer a bite from a vampire. In the World of
Darkness, the truth is that vampires choose their prog-
eny very carefully.

To create another vampire, the would-be "parent"
must drain a human to the point of death and then feed
hersome of hisown blood. How muchis irrelevant. Even
a drop begins the change. The human dies and rises
almost immediately thereafter as a vampire (usually ina
ravenous hunger). Ordinarily, the parent teaches his
new fledgling about the mysterious society and the rules
of etiquette that creatures of the night affect. Some-
times, the young vampire is merely left to fend for herself

itis this sort of vampire that hunters often encounter,
as these orphans haven't been taught how to conceal
themselves properly.

A human drained of blood without receiving any
vampire blood simply dies. A vampire who intends to
infect a human must do so immediately upon draining
the victim. If the vampire waits too long, the human's
soul flees the body and thereafter no amount of offered
blood can animate it as a bloodsucker.

Brood

Vampires belong to families they call "clans." Each
clan has different capabilities and weaknesses, but all are
bound by one common need — blood. A vampire must
feed or she becomes weak and cannot fuel her unholy
powers, or indeed even animate her unliving body. In
game terms, instead of using Willpower (as suggested on
p. 264 of Hunter), vampires spend blood points to
activate their powers. A vampire must also expend one
blood point each evening simply to "revive" for the
night. Vampires still possess Willpower, though, and
may use it in the ways detailed elsewhere in the Hunter
rules. Vampires have Willpower ratings anywhere from
4 to 10, depending on their drive or obsession:

A vampire feeds by biting a victim's skin. When
a vampire bites a normal (nonimbued) human being,


Waene Dio Yney Come From?

So, if a vampire has to be created by another
vampire, what started it all? Who or what was the
first vampire? Hunters have no way to know, of
course, but they toss around theories.

Some of the imbued posit that vampirism is a
disease, an infection that simply has yet to be
identified and studied. Because hunters rarely come
into contact with really old vampires, some of
them don't believe that "elders" exist — that the
disease runs its course, perhaps taking decades, and
the victim dies ultimately.

Others assert that vampires are the spawn of
Satan orsome othersuch mythological figure, placed
on Earth to do his evil bidding. And still others see
vampirism as a curse, damning its victims to walk in
darkness forever.

Some very curious hunters have even interro-
gated vampires to try to resolve this conundrum
and have discovered something odd: Vampires
themselves don't necessarily know. All of the
theories that hunters have developed, in addition
to one about all vampires being descended from
Cain (as in the Biblical character who kills his
brother and is cursed by God), have been offered
as possibilities. The only consistent theme is that
no one, neither hunter nor vampire, seems to
know for sure.

the victim experiences a rush of pleasure that immo-
bilizes him until the vampire is through feeding.
Hunters who have Conviction's defenses active are
immune to this rush, and even "unshielded" hunters
get a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) to avoid it. A
hunter who finds herself under a vampire's fangs is
still in serious danger, however.

The average adulthuman being contains the equiva-
lent of 10 blood points. Vampires usually drain only one
point per turn, but can take up to three (usually resulting
in a large wound and therefore some spilled blood).
After feeding, a vampire can lick the wound, which
closes it (so searching a supposed victim for telltale
pinprick-sized wounds usually doesn't bear any results).
Vampires do not have to kill their victims, and indeed,
cautious nightcrawlers (or those rare few who attempt to
keep some measure of morality) avoid doing so. The
average human being needs medical attention after
losing three to four points of blood, and dies if more than.
five are taken.

Vampires can drain blood quickly, killing an unre-
sisting human victim in two turns if they so desire (when

PTER 7:RULES AND SYORYYELLING

possible, many of them choose to feed more slowly and
take pleasure in the meal). A hunter, once bitten, feels
great pain and numbness spreading from the bite loca-
tion, then probably panics and tries to fight off the
vampire. Wounds created by vampire fangs are small
and normally don't bleed badly on their own, but once
a vampire sinks her fangs in, she can intentionally bite
down and rip flesh from her victim's body, inflicting
Strength + 1 lethal damage. For the record, vampires
can feed on each other, but doing so without consent is
considered a grave crime among their kind.

A young vampire can digest only 10 blood points at
atime. Older vampires can hold more, perhaps as many
as 30. That means old vampires, in addition to the power
that experience brings, can fight for much longer with-
out becoming tired or drained. It also means that they
don't need to feed as often as their fledglings. Elder
vampires rarely come to the attention of the imbued,
however, and vice versa. These monstrosities rarely deal
with any humans directly — they often have proxies do
their bidding for them — whereas hunters simply don't
know how to look for ancient vampires. These beings
are just too well integrated socially or magically into the
mortal world (or distanced from it), which is probably
just as well for curious imbued.

Iwmorrauiry

One night, one week or even one yearaftera human
being becomes a vampire, she still thinks and acts very
much as she did before. Young vampires are still very
human, ideologically. Few of them are cold-blooded
killers, and many of them plead for their unlives if
cornered or trapped by hunters. Indeed, there is very
little difference in morality (as some Innocents are fond
of pointing out) between young vampire who hunts for
preyandan imbued hunter who kills monsters to "cleanse
the Earth." Both do what's in their nature, anda vampire
doesn't necessarily do lasting harm.

Time inevitably gets the better of vampires, though.
A leech might refuse to kill — might even feed on
animals exclusively, rather than victimize humans —
and hold onto that stricture for a hundred years. But
when he inevitably takes a human life, the downhill
slide begins. Killing a victim, whether out of necessity,
passion or self-preservation, only makes it easier for the
beast to do so again. Some bloodsuckers discover this
pitfall early in their unlives, and some hold onto their
humanity for decades. But every vampire is a predator at
heart, and it's therefore only a matter of time. Unfortu-
nately, vampires have time.

Once a rot begins looking at humans as mobile
snacks, he can start to play with his food, so to speak.
Some vampires accrue power and influence in mortal
circles, not because they desire or even need it, but
because it's achallenge and because they need something


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

to do from night to night. Bloodsuckers often hold posi-
tions of power and influence (although usually through
agents directed from behind the scenes) because such
posts allow manipulation of human affairs without hands-
on involvement in them. After all, holding a job that
requires true human interaction would require stooping
to the level of one's food.

I's tragic, in a way: Many vampires would like to
abandon humanity, but they must stay near the masses
inorder to feed and hide. Some vampires wallow in their
tragic state and use it as an excuse for their predation.
Others try to leave cities behind — some vampires do
indeed lurk in rural locales — but they are few and far
between. For the most part, however, vampires become
comfortable. They find that patterns (arguably "ruts")
— familiar feeding grounds, hired servants — slip into
an "unlifestyle" and while away the . Such is one
reason why vampires don't simply leave an area when
hunters begin sniffing around. They are territorial and
don't like their routines disrupted.

Nichvty Exisvence

As stated above, one blood point must be spent for
a vampire each night upon awakening. At that mo-
ment, the vampire's body returns to the state it was in
when the vampire died. That means a rot's hair re-
mains the same length. If a vampire wants to change
her hairstyle, she must do it every night upon rising.
That means re-applying hair dyes. Likewise, tattoos
gained post-mortem disappear, leaving only a puddle
of ink on the skin. Piercings work their way out of the
body. Some vampires even have wounds that reappear
every night (unfortunately for hunters, this phenom-
enon is very rare). A vampire viewed during the day
looks dead. If it sustained wounds recently, patient
hunters might be able to watch the flesh knit together
slowly, reforming without so much as a scab. The
creature's flesh is pale. Its eyes are sunken. "Sleeping"
is not the word that comes to mind. The vampire looks
like a corpse that by rights should decompose.

A vampire awakens at sundown each evening, as-
suming she has blood in her body (see "Vulnerabilities,"
below). Most vampires, especially young ones, devote
much of their time to feeding. Some bloodsuckers seduce
their prey, leaving targets drained and weak (and perhaps
wanting more — remember the euphoric rush that feed-
ing inspires). Others enter homes and prey on sleeping
people. Some vampires — notably those too hideous to
interact with the living — simply grab isolated individu-
als and drain their blood. If the victim dies, the vampire
must discard the body somehow. Intelligent hunters
watch fordumpster fires— they are sometimesa vampire's
method of disposing his kills. A hunter with a medical
examiner or a coroner for a Contact might be alerted to
bodies that seem low on blood.

However a vampire spends her night, she had best
be indoors or underground and safe come the dawn. At
sunrise, vampires become torpid and sluggish. Staying
awake requires a Willpower roll (difficulty 6 for young
vampires, as high as 9 for old ones) each scene. A direct
threat lowers this difficulty by one. If the roll fails, the

vampire falls into the deathlike state in which it spends
its days. Outside forces moving her body grant her
another chance to wake up.

Arvaces ano Dawace

Vampires' great resilience is thought to stem from
their undead state. Once one is dead, some harm is
just... unimpressive. The undead can soak both bashing
damage (trauma from blunt objects) and lethal damage
(injury from weapons that penetrate the body). They use
their full Stamina ratings (and any other supernatural
resilience) to soak. Any health levels lost to bashing or
lethal damage are marked on a vampire's Health chart
with a"/." Young vampires have as many health levelsas
a human. Older undead can have more. Vampires are,
however, subject to wound penalties.

Even if vampires lose health levels to bashing or
lethal damage, they can spend blood to heal those
injuries. Vampires can recover one health level per
blood point spent. It takes them one full action to doso,
and they can recover no more than one level per action.
Rumor holds that really old vampires can spend up to
three points of blood to heal as many levels in a single
action, but vampires that powerful are the stuff of legend
and nightmares.

A vampire reduced to Incapacitated through bash-
ing and lethal damage falls into a coma like that it enters
when it's out of blood (see below). It may remain that
way for hours, days or even months until it awakens,
assuming it isn't destroyed by hunters in the meantime.
VutMERABILITIES

Vampires, as suggested in Chapter 3, aren't exactly
immortal. They can be killed, if one knows how.

There are ways of hurting a bloodsucker that cannot
be shrugged off so easily. Fire and sunlight are a hunter's
best weapons. Damage from fire is detailed in the Hunter
rules, on p. 208. Exposure to sunlight inflicts one to
three health levels of damage per turn of exposure,
depending on the intensity of the light and the degree of
exposure. Both fire and sunlight are considered "aggra-
vated" damage. Vampires cannot use Stamina to soak
aggravated damage, but they can use supernatural En-
durance (see p. 97) to do so ata difficulty of 8. Mark any
aggravated health levels on the Health chart with an
"X" and apply them as lethal damage is applied to
hunters. A Health chart full of aggravated damage
indicates a destroyed vampire. Undead destroyed by
these means are not simply put into a comatose state,
they actually "die," quickly, painfully and finally. Very


few vampires have to worry about the sun, though; they
tend to fall into a deep sleep during the day, whether
they want to or not, as stated above.

Health levels lost to aggravated damage are much
harder for a vampire to recover than are those from
bashing or lethal damage. Aggravated wounds re-
quire five blood points for every health level healed.
Grievously injured vampires become extremely hun-
gry very quickly.

Staking a vampire through the heart does not de-
stroy it, but instead merely leaves the creature immobile
(and in great pain). Staking a vampire requires a player
to announce her intentions before the attack roll. The
difficulty is 9, and the attacker must inflict at least three
health levels of damage, after soaking. After a successful
attack, the vampire is paralyzed completely. The mon-
ster is conscious and may use certain mental powers at
+2 difficulty, though it may not move or perform any
action that requires the expenditure of blood.

Vampires are also vulnerable to starvation. A vam-
pire who spends all of his blood points flies into a hunger
frenzy (see below). If the "empty" vampire is injured in
any way, he drops into a comatose state and does not
reawaken until fed fresh blood. The same thing happens
toa vampire who has no blood with which to animate
his body in the evening. Note that vampires can enter
this state at will. If they do so, they do not lose blood
points daily and can remain comatose for as long as they
wish. A bloodsucker, especially an old one, confronted
with an annoying and dangerous enemy may well decide
simply to outlive him, drop into adeep sleep and awaken,
50 years later. Some particularly insidious vampires send
anote to their foes threatening to show up years later to
menace those enemies' children or grandchildren...

An asset at some times, a vulnerability at others, all
vampires can and do enter horrible fits of rage called
frenzy. A vampire in frenzy feels no pain (and therefore
takes no wound penalties), and she attacks and feeds
from anything in sight. When the frenzy is over, aware-
ness of pain resumes and wound penalties are imposed
again. While ina frenzy, vampires are also hard to affect
with certain mental edges. The difficulties of affecting a
vampire with edges such as Burden, Confront, Insinuate
and Bluster increase by two. Vampires enter frenzy out
of hunger, as stated above. The rage persists one turn for
each blood point that a vampire is missing from its
maximum possible total. Thus, a vampire that could
possess 10 blood points, but that currently has only
three, frenzies for seven turns. Some vampires fly into
frenzy when attacked (or simply provoked). Also, a rot
may frenzy when confronted with fire orsunlight (in this
case, however, the frenzy is driven by fear and the
vampire does its best to get away, attacking only if
impeded). A vampire can resist frenzy by the expendi-
ture of a Willpower point, but repeated provocation

CHAPYERT-RULES AND STORYTELLING

requires repeated payment. Resisting hunger-induced
frenzy requires spending Willpower each turn.

Although there may be a few bloodsuckers who
have issues with the "classic" vampire banes — garlic,
running water or the thorns of a hawthorn tree —
they're ina serious minority. Hunters who rely on those
old tales don't last long.

There is some validity to the theory that crosses and
other religious icons scare vampires away, but results
have been mixed enough that most hunters would be
foolish to rely upon it. Many of the hunters who claim
to have used crosses successfully actually possess the
Defender edge Ward, and they trigger it through a
religious symbol. Thus, the power works on all kinds of
supernaturals, not just vampires.

Bioa Staves

A human being who drinks vampire blood without
first being drained himself becomesa ghoul (hunters call
such people blood slaves, bruises, toadies, ass kissers and
puppets, among many other names). While not immor-
tal, ghouls are by no means powerless. They are stronger
than normal people (consider a ghoul to have one
automatic success on any Strength roll, including Melee
and Brawl damage rolls). Like vampires, they can spend
blood points to heal bashing or lethal wounds, though a
ghoul's body holds no more than three blood points.
Some ghouls also display the increased speed and endur-
ance of their vampiric masters —a rare few even display
some of the other "common" vampire powers such as
Charm and Unseen. Furthermore, ghouls do not age as
longas they have vampire blood in their bodies. Like the
undead, they "burn" blood points to maintain their
quasi-human state, but much more slowly than their
masters do: A ghoul loses one blood point each month.

Three drinks of vampire blood on three separate
nightsnot only turnsa person intoa ghoul, but binds the
ghoul's will to the vampire's. The ghoul follows his
master's orders without question and obeys out of love
and loyalty (which makes for a much more fanatic
minion than money ever can). This loyalty is a tool that
informed hunters can use again vampires, however: A
threat against the vampire may cause a ghoul to let down
his guard or act rashly.

Blood slaves can frenzy just as vampires can. Al-
though ghouls usually have an easier time keeping their
rage under control, they check for frenzy more often.
Any threat toa ghoul's master (or to the ghoul himself)
or extreme stress of any kind may set off a bruise. Even
though a blood slave doesn't have the massive strength
or varied skills of a vampire, a sudden rage can often
surprise a group of hunters, especially if they consider a
ghoul "mostly human." When you feel a ghoul may
frenzy, roll the ghoul's Willpower (difficulty 4, or 7

oS


depending on the magnitude of the stimulus). If the roll
succeeds, he maintains control. Otherwise, he attacks
anyone within reach for (10 minus Willpower) turns.

Ghouls can become "free" if the vampire they
serve is destroyed. This event by itself does not cleanse
a blood slave's taint, however. It merely frees her from
the yoke of slavery. A ghoul without a master still
retains augmented strength and other powers so long as
she has supernatural blood in her body. When a ghoul
loses her last blood point, she has only a month to find
more. Otherwise, she loses all supernatural powers and
benefits, including her borrowed resistance to aging. A
century-old ghoul who suddenly finds herself without
a ready supply of vampire blood certainly dies unless
she finds a new master — or takes what she needs for
herself

Puppets' need for blood offers some interesting
possibilities for hunter/ ghoul interaction. A bruise who
is not a slave to a vampire could be a potential ally.
Maybe he can help their cause in return for "access" to
the creatures they defeat, Does the ghoul have informa-
tion that the hunters might use? Do the hunters have
ethical issues with working alongside a bruise? Is there a
way to wean the ghoul from his addiction slowly, with-

out the consequences of sudden withdrawal?
Note that even old ghouls are rarely told much
about vampire society. A ghoul is exposed to only as

much as she needs to know. Sometimes, she doesn't
even know the source of her newfound strength. Ones
who do know that they serve vampires typically know
little else, and nightcrawlets often lie to their slaves.
Some puppets believe their master has walked the
Earth for millennia, when in fact they serve a vampire
who was still breathing a scant decade ago. Others are
told that vampires have no society at all — or, con-
versely, that vampitic society pervades every aspect of
human society, influencing even world leaders. A very
common lie is that the master grooms a ghoul for
induction into the ranks of the undead "some night" ~
but this isn't always a lie

Some vampires feed their blood to animals. A
"ghouled" animal is bound to the vampire just as a
human being would be, and gains the same benefits of
healing, longevity and strength. The animal becomes
possessed of a vicious bloodlust, however, even if the
beast in question is usually a docile species. Ghouled
animals attack anyone who threatens their master,
with or without command. Such beasts look "wrong"
under second sight and are affected by edges such as
Ward and Hide.

Animals and people who have come under the
control of vampires by drinking their blood seem tainted
to hunters' second sight. Edges such as Discern, Illumi-
nate and Witness must be used to see that the taint
courses through blood slaves' very veins.

Sampce Guouts

Below are two blood slaves to use as starting points
or ina pinch. Remember that while blood slaves may be
lowly servants among vampires, they are powerful and
capable supernatural creatures in comparison to hu-
mans. Played intelligently, they can be more than a
match for a group of hunters.

Ye Bodycuard

"Keep your distance, jack.

Prelude: Jim Peters was a lost cause. He hada degree,
yeah, but not in anything useful. Besides, his arrest record
prevented him from getting anything more than shit
work. He'd burned every bridge he had ever crossed, and
after his mother died he had nowhere to turn.

Hewoundupworkingasabouncerin aseedy downtown
bar. He'd always been large and had boxed for years just to
stay in shape. Itbrought him decent money, but he was truly
annoyed that his schooling had led him to this pass.

One night, he was sitting outside the bar during a
break, reading a book that none of the patrons could
have comprehended. A well-dressed man approached
and asked for directions, and they struck up a conversa
tion. That discussion ended with the man — "Mr.
O'Brien" — hiring Jim as a bodyguard. Jim was just what
he needed, O'Brien said — someone skilled in combat
but with a brain; perceptive, quick-witted and smart

Jim had worked for O'Brien for nearly eight months
when some psycho shot an arrow at his boss. An arrow,
for God's sake! Jim shoved O'Brien out of the way and
wound up with the thing sticking out of his shoulder.
That night, O'Brien shared a secret with Jim, and then
offered him a promotion. Jim accepted and now serves
his boss even more capably than before, and with just as
much loyalty.


Concept: Looks can be deceiving. This guy may
appear big and dumb, but he's well spoken, smart and
loyal to his boss to the end.

Roleplaying Hints: Stick close to your boss. If
someone approaches him in any threatening manner,
put a pistol to the asshole's temple or a hand around his
throat before he gets within six feet. You're prepared to
give your life if necessary, but you weren't hired to hang
yourself. Your job is to make sure that O'Brien and you
stay safe. If you die, who'll take care of your boss?

Equipment: Pistol, backup pistol, sap, cash,
cellphone, comfortable clothes, Jeep with shotgun in
the back seat

Attributes: Strength (Bruiser) 4, Dexterity 2,
Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2,
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits (Quick) 4

Abilities: Academics (Philosophy) 2, Alertness
(Threats) 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Computer 1,
Dodge 3, Drive 3, Empathy 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3,
Intimidation 3, Investigation 1, Melee 2, Security 3,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1

Backgrounds: Resources 3

Powers: Power 1, Speed 1, Endurance 1

Willpower: 6

Blood: 3
Te Carevaner

"Sorry, this section's closed to the public. Come
back tomorrow."

From childhood, Eugene Smith always earned the
description "morbid." As a youngster, his first question
upon getting a pet was how long it might live. He was
always intensely curious around the elderly — they
might die at any moment! It wasn't that Eugene was
.d with death. He just wanted to be prepared.

Eugene decided that he wanted to be a mortician, to
dress up and beautify death for people. He laughed at
others who feared death — it was natural, inevitable.
What was there to be afraid of?

Eugene's plans were disrupted by the draft, how-
ever. He served his time in the military, fought in
Vietnam, and returned knowing more about death than
even he had ever wished. He took a job in a cemetery as
a groundskeeper and tried to stay away from people.
People, after all, were temporary. He had no desire to see
them pass. His fascination with death was long gone.

And then Death visited him.

Death walked in the shape of a man and wished for
Eugene to be its servant and caretaker. Death — under
the unassuming name of "Gideon" — wished to vanish
into other worlds by day and return by night. Eugene's
job was to see that it wasn't disturbed. In return, Gideon
gave Eugene a kiss and freed him from having to fear
passing. As long as Eugene served faithfully, Gideon
would leave Eugene alone, unchanging and undying.

obsess

se é
~)
y BS)
a
ok Uj ° |
Pee mi

Concept: Never quite all there to begin with, the
Caretaker has become even more disconnected from
reality since becoming a ghoul. He believes that he
serves Death in exchange for immortality, and either he
doesn't know or he willfully ignores the fact that his
master is dead.

Roleplaying Hints: You haven't felt this strong in 20
years. Youhaven't grown younger— that's beyond Death's
power, you know — but you haven't aged or felt sick since
Death took you. You'll continue to serve Death, but if
something were to threaten Death directly, your faith and
loyalty would be seriously shaken.

Equipment: Keys, shovel, gardening tools, small car

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics (Religious Studies) 1, Alert-
ness 1, Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Drive 2, Empathy 2,
Firearms 1, Intuition 2, Occult 1, Security 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 1

Backgrounds: Resources 2

Powers: Power 1, Unseen
Willpower: 3

Blood: 2
Aximat Guouts

Because the vast majority of vampires reside in
cities, the bloodthirsty animals they keep as servants
are usually creatures that go unnoticed in the urban
sprawl. Although it wouldn't be impossible for a
vampire to feed its blood to a lion or eagle, owning
such animals makes the rot that much more traceable
and visible — and both of these qualities are abhor-
rent to bloodsuckers.

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND SYORYTELLING


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

The Traits listed below are for normal animals. An
animal that has been fed vampire blood also receives
Power | and either Endurance 1 or Speed 1 (possibly
both for old ghouls). As mentioned in the Storytellers
Companion, some vampires have the ability to sum-
mon and communicate with animals. Ghoul animals
are slightly more intelligent than their kind are nor-
mally, are always loyal and can undertake more complex
tasks than their mundane counterparts. Vampires use
animals as spies, messengers and bodyguards, to name
a few possibilities.

Car

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3 (Storyteller's op-
tion: Cats are reputed to be able to sense ghosts and
other "presences."), Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Climbing 3, Stealth 4

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw or bite for | die

Doc

The Traits below represent a big dog such as a mastiff.
Smaller dogs aren't as intimidating or as strong, but can
still be made into ghouls and can serve as surprisingly
effective guardians.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3
Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for 5 dice, claw for 2

Rar
Attributes
Abilitie:

Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Stealth 3
Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK,
Attack: Bite for | die

, -5, Incapacitated

Vampire Powers

The Hunter Storytellers Companion lists many
of the powers a vampire is likely to have. Presented
here are mote fiendish capabilities with which you
can plague the imbued. Remember that a "young"
vampire is likely to have only one uncommon power...
whereas his unholy sire might have several, and even
one o two rare powers.

Common Powers

Auge Sichr

A common but subtle power, Aura Sight allows a
vampire to concentrate on asubjectand know the target's
relative emotional state. This poweralso allowsa vampire
to identify a hunter — provided she knows what she's

looking for. While not as impressive as the capacity to
grow claws or outrun a car, this power aids vampires
immensely in feeding and in nightly survival. A crowd
that suddenly turns angry means trouble is brewing.
Recognizing that trouble before it's too late can be crucial
to seeing another night. Alternatively, a mortal who
becomes anxious or excited at the sight of the vampire
mightbea good choice for feeding —or might bea hunter
trying to lure the bloodsucker into a trap.

System: Spend one blood point and roll Perception
+ Awareness (difficulty 7). Each success grants the
vampire a deeper understanding of a target's emotional
state. The target has no idea that this scrutiny takes
place. The same sense can be applied to detect hunters'
emotions, and such subjects seem like ordinary people.
On a roll of 9 or more, however, a vampire detects a
strange golden aura around a hunter (see "The Undead
Perspective," below). Aura Sight can be used as an
extended action, with accumulated successes granting
more information, but each roll costs another blood
point (it is therefore not possible to activate the power
and scan a room; it works on one person at a time).

Jusy for vHe Record

Hunters cannot become vampires. Ever. At-
tempting to change one of the imbued into a
vampire simply kills the hapless hunter (better
death than eternity as an abomination, anyway).
There are no exceptions.

Likewise, drinking vampire blood has no affect
on the imbued. They do not gain any of the benefits
of ghouldom, and no matter how much vampire
blood they drink, willingly or otherwise, they never
become bound to serve a vampiric master.

The reverse is also true: A ghoul cannot become
imbued. If a person has ever, at any time, been
bound to a vampire, that person is forever without
the possibility of being chosen by the Messengers.

Of course, because the imbuing doesn't come
with a handbook, very few hunters know that they
cannot become vampires or ghouls. A hunter whois
forced to imbibe vampire blood might be watched
very closely by her compatriots for signs of betrayal.
Worse, if hunter is captured by a rot, the question
might arise of whether she could be raised as an
undead creature. Her fellows might have to put her
down, too, or she might tell her captors everything
about the imbued. The fear of becoming a vampire
— indeed, of becoming any sort of monster —
should be a strongly motivating force among hunt-
ers. A vampire who attempts to make a willing slave
from one of the chosen certainly fails —but neither
vampires nor hunters know that in advance.


Uncommon Powers

Aci Toucn

The vampire secretes a foul substance that burns
through wood, metal and flesh. A simple touch can
cause agony and searing wounds. Prolonged contact can
kill. A vampire can render a hunter's arsenal useless by
corroding triggers and decaying stakes. Legends from
the Middle East suggest creatures that can spit a similar
substance, but these rumors remain unsubstantiated.

System: Spend one blood point to activate this power

Animare SHaDOWS

The vampire can call forth tentacles from any
nearby shadow. These horrors can grapple or strangle a
target or simply hold her in place for the vampire's
pleasure. The tentacles are strong but are vulnerable to
fire, just like their creator. Unfortunately, they share her
resistance to more mundane forms of harm and appear
to act of their own will — vampires can fight normally
while tentacles act.

System: Spend one blood point for each tentacle
created. Each tentacle is six feet long (the vampire may

and one per turn to maintain it in combat. The vampire's
unarmed combat damage becomes lethal (and therefore
unsoakable to hunters). Even a simple touch inflicts lethal
unarmed combat damage. Prolonged contact inflicts this
damage each turn, automatically. Ifused against inanimate
objects, one blood point is enough to burn through a
quarter-inch of steel or three inches of wood.

double this length by spending an additional blood point
per appendage), and each has Strength and Dexterity
ratings equal to the vampire's. The limbs soak bashing
and lethal damage with the same dice pool as their
creator, although they may not soak damage from fire or
sunlight, regardless of any possible capacity for the vam-
pire todoso. Each tentacle has fourhealth levels. Tentacles

PoweR, SPEED AND ENDURANCE

The most common supernatural capabilities augment vampires (and ghouls) physically. Most vampireshaye
at least one or two points of an enhanced physical capability, and some may have many more. Even a young
vampire can have as many as five points in heightened physical capabilities, whereas a very old one could
potentially have 10, making her exceedingly deadly and nigh indestructible.

Power
Some vampires have such remarkable strength that they can perform feats to make mortals tremble.

Vampires can leap vast distances to pounce on a victim or punch through concrete walls to get at prey. A blow
from a powerful vampire can cripple or kill a hunter.

System: When the vampire performs a feat of Strength, roll whatever dice pool is appropriate and add dors
of supernatural power as automatic successes. In melee or brawling, these automatic successes are applied to the
damage roll. This power does not require the expenditure of blood; it is inherent to a vampire's nature.

Sresb

Vampires are predators and speed is one of their most effective weapons. A fleet vampire can ever an
unbelievable amount of ground or perform multiple feats almost simultaneously. A young vampire could
overwhelm a single hunter, whereas an old one could take on a group of antagonists.

System: For each point of supernatural speed a vampire possesses, it can perform an additional action in a
turn. Each extra action must be dedicated to one feat only, to attack or run, for example. Multiple feats —
activating a power and firing a gun — cannot be performed with each action. A vampire using this capability
is a blur to hunter eyes.

One blood point must be spent for each turn in which extra actionsare gained. Although some huntersfacing
terrifyingly swift vampires have endured long enough to see their enemy weaken from lack of blood, mosthunters
who gamble on this strategy never see another sunrise.

ENDURANCE

It's bad enough that all vampires are able to laugh off damage that would cripple humans, and that they'te
able to use the blood of their victims to heal wounds before a hunter's eyes. It's even worse that certain
bloodsuckers are virtually invulnerable. Some of them can withstand even fire and sunlight.

System: Mortals and most vampires are able to soak damage with their Stamina only. For each point of
supernatural endurance a vampire possesses, it gains an additional die with which to soak bashing and lethal
damage. Vampires with such mettle can also soak aggravated damage (from fire and sunlight) with a dice pool
equal to their dots in supernatural endurance. Thus, a vampire with Stamina 4 and Endurance 3 has seven dice
with which to soak bashing and lethal damage, and three dice with which to soak damage from fire and exposure
to sunlight. This benefit does not require the expenditure of blood.


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

exist for one scene or until destroyed, although the
vampire can dispel them whenever she chooses.

Heueins

Some hunters believe (correctly) that vampires fear
fire. And yet, a few bloodsuckers can summon fire as if
from nowhere. Some don't appear to be able to conjure
much more than a candle flame whereas others can turn
aroom into a raging inferno with a gesture. A hunter has
no easy way to discern a vampire's mastery of Hellfire.
Imbued who invade a vampire'ssanctum with the intent
to burn their target to ashes may discover that fire does
not play favorites.

System: Spend two blood points and roll Will-
power. The difficulty depends upon how large a fire the
vampire wishes to create. The equivalent of a match
flame is difficulty 5, whereas a fire intense enough to
cause damage is at least difficulty 7. The vampire can
"hold" a small fire in his hands for intimidation's sake
without taking damage. Once the fire is released, not
even the vampire who summoned it can control it (or is
immune to it). See Hunter, p. 208, for the damage that
fire can cause. A vampire with this power can spark a fire
anywhere in his line of sight.

‘Snake Tongue

Among the more bizarre and grotesque powers a
bloodsucker can possess, this capability allows a leech
to elongate her tongue to nearly two feet in length, and

flick it like a frog's to strike a target. The tongue is
barbed — literally — and can puncture a target's skin,
thus allowing the vampire to feed at a distance. Even
this horrific method of feeding induces the rush of
pleasure common to vampire bites.

System: Spend two blood points. Attacking with
the tongue requires a successful Dexterity + Brawl roll
(difficulty 6). The tongue inflicts the vampire's
Strength in lethal damage. If the vampire inflicts any
damage, she may feed on the target normally. Grab-
bing the extended tongue requires overcoming some
revulsion and then rolling Dexterity + Brawl (diffi-
culty of the vampire's Wits + Alertness or 7, whichever
is higher). Grabbing the tongue isa risky proposition,
however — a successful attack from the vampire ina
subsequent action means that the hunter's hand or
arm is impaled by barbs along its shaft, even while the
tongue otherwise impales and draws blood from an-
other target. Attacking an extended tongue with a
melee or firearms attack requires a successful target-
ing action (Hunter, p. 192).

TELEKINESIS

Poltergeists aren't the only monsters with this fright-
ening capability. A skilled vampire can "call" objects
from across a room, open or shut doors, fly or even lift a
human being off his feet. Some vampires seem more
skilled with this power than others, but applied cre-


atively, it is among the most frightening and deadly
capacities a monster can possess.

System: Spend two blood points and roll Will-
power. The vampire can manipulate any object within
line of sight. The difficulty varies based on how much
weight the vampire wishes to manipulate and how much
control or force she exerts (6 for a light or small object,
or for something that is moved slowly; as much as 9 for
aheavy orbulky item, or one thatflies across a room with
amazing speed and force). Applying enough force to do
damage requires considerable control and should be
considered a rare power rather than uncommon (use of
it costs three blood points). Even a "novice" can cause
a gun to cock and fire, however.

If a vampire hurls objects at a hunter to cause
damage, the target may get a resisted Dodge roll ifhe can
perform that action in the turn. Each of the creature's
Willpower successes inflicts two levels of bashing or
lethal damage, whichever is appropriate.

A vampire can manipulate an object (or objects) for
as many turns as successes are achieved in your initial
Willpower roll.

Warr

A team of hunters facing a vampire with this power
is in for quite a shock, especially if the imbued rely on
wooden stakes! The vampire can warp and gnarl any
wooden objects he can see, causing points to dull or
stakes to curl back on themselves. The wooden stocks of
rifles and shotguns are also fair game; the vampire can
cause them to swell in such a manner as to render the
guns useless.

But destroying a hunter's weapons is not the only
use for this power. Consider the possibilities of warping
floorboards or support beams above or below the chosen.

System: The vampire may warp up to 50 pounds
of wood per blood point spent. The vampire can
twist it into any shape he desires. The wood remains
warped, permanently.

Rare Powers

Denon Forw

Some hunters believe that vampires are simply
demons in human bodies; those (thankfully) rare blood-
suckers with this power seem to prove such assertions
true. The vampire can change into a horrific, insectlike
beast out of H. R. Giger's worst nightmares. Although
hunters are accustomed to seeing horrible sights, a
vampire in demon form often sends the bravest of the
imbued running for safety and sanity. Few succeed in
finding either.

System: Spend three blood points. The exact
features of the "demon" vary, but you're encouraged
to use your imagination to the most gruesome ex-
tremes. The vampire's Physical Attributes all increase

by three points (although Social Attributes drop to
zero), and all unarmed combat damage increases by
one die. The vampire may remain in this form as long
as he chooses. Humans who see the demon form run
in fear and afterward repress the encounter alto-
gether. Hunters with active Conviction can steel
themselves to the sight and deal with the creature.
Hunters without Conviction active when confronted
by a "demon" behave as normal people do. You may
allow "reactive" use of Conviction (Hunter, p. 133)
when one of the imbued is about to face a vampire in
demon form. Alternatively, you may allow Convic-
tion to be spent for a hunter only after he has spent
several turns fleeing from the vicinity of a demon or
gaping uselessly at the creature (after which, the
character may behave normally).

‘Suabow Form

Why folklore reports vampires that can change
into mist but not those that can become one with
shadow is a mystery. Some bloodsuckers can appar-
ently do exactly that. A leech in shadow form is
vulnerable to fire and sunlight as usual, but takes no
damage whatsoever from physical assaults (including
ones augmented by Cleave). The vampire may ooze
up walls or across ceilings, slither through cracks, and
see in complete darkness.

System: Spend three blood points. The transforma-
tion persists for as long as the vampire wishes. While in
shadow form, the creature is not only vulnerable to fire
and sunlight but a successful Willpower roll (difficulty
9) must be made to keep from fleeing if confronted with
either of these weapons (fleeing, in this form, is fairly
simple of course). The vampire can use mental powers
including Charm, Terrify, Command and Haunt the
Mind normally, but cannot use ones that require physi-
cal contact. She can likewise be affected by edges that
affect her mind, emotions or senses as long as physical
contact isn't necessary.

Warr Boxe

This disgusting power allows a vampire to reshape
bone as she sees fit — her own or another's. She may
grow bony claws for herself, or immobilize a target with
a brief touch. Some vampires find it amusing to warp a
hunter's bones beyond repair but leave the individual
alive, forever crippled.

System: Spend three blood points. The vampire
can use this power to elongate the bones of her fingers
into claws (as the common power of the same name).
If used to twist a target's skeleton, roll Dexterity +
Crafts (difficulty 6). The power inflicts Strength + 2
lethal damage as bones twist and puncture flesh. If the
vampire wishes to rearrange bones but leave flesh
intact, roll Dexterity + Crafts (difficulty varies from 7
to 9, based on how challenging the alteration is and

ro


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

AFT) sie

whether the target is willing; unwilling targets prob-
ably squirm and try to escape, thus making subtle
manipulation harder). The vampire must touch the
target to use any form of this power. Active Conviction
offers no protection against Warp Bone.

Damage done can be healed through extensive
medical treatment and therapy reflected through the
normal healing process for recovering from lethal dam-
age, although you may rule that some health levels may
never be fully restored after an individual is subjected to
this power. The victim's bones can never quite be
returned to normal, perhaps imposing a movement,
Dexterity or Social Attribute penalty.

Porveayine Vampires

In legend and film, vampires have been portrayed as
everything from seducers to manipulators to mindless
beasts. So how best to portray them in Hunter? All of
these approaches, and several more, are appropriate.

The following are some themes and ideas to keep
in mind when using vampires as antagonists in your
Hunter game. Most work well regardless of whether
you choose to follow World of Darkness canon with
respect to vampires or you decide to develop your own
society (ot lack thereof) for bloodsuckers (see "Variant
Vampires," below).

a >

If monster legends evolve from our fears, it's easy to
see where vampires came from. The notion of drinking
blood in order to gain strength has been asserted by
nearly every culture on Earth, so a logical — if horrific
—nextstep is a creature that steals blood (and therefore
strength) from the living. That a corpse could return
from the grave to doso puts an even more terrifying twist
on the idea, especially if that corpse once belonged to
someone who was familiar. A friend, loved one or
member of the community back from the dead as a
blood-drinking monster — the idea has lurked in our
nightmares for centuries.

Humaniry?

Vampires of legend were monsters. They were un-
equivocally evil. Demons on earth. They stole blood
from the living and bore no resemblance to people,
assuming they even were people once. But somewhere
along the way, vampires became more human. Blame it
on films such as Lost Boys or books including Interview
with the Vampire. Perhaps the notion that some part of
the human soul lingers on in the vampire's unliving
body goes back further to Carmilla or Dracula. Wherever
the idea arose, the vampire that retains a human mind,
let alone human morality or a soul, is a far cry from the
obviously monstrous vrykolakes from Greece or the


ekimmu from Babylon. Those creatures — though de-
scended from human beings — were distorted and
grotesque — obviously inhuman. But the "evil incar-
nate" is black and white no longer, for if these creatures
look human and act human (most of the time), might
some part of them still be human?

Youcan handle this dichotomy in anumber of ways.

Vampires are irredeemably evil. Perhaps vampires
truly are absolute monsters. None of this moaning about
tortured souls. They have no souls. Ifsome remnant of the
person that a vampire once was still lingers, the kindest
thing todo is to destroy the creature and set free the soul.
When the Messengers speak, they might say, "DE-
STROY THE ABOMINATION" or "END THE
DARKNESS." Nothing very ambiguous there. A Re-
deemer trying to save a vampire meets with failure and
betrayal. Vampires in this milieu sell each other out any
chance they get, or should work together with single-
minded devotion to evil. This approach, while good for
setting a bleak, very desperate tone in Hunter, is also
rather straightforward.

Vampires are tortured and deserve salvation.
Another option is to play up the "vampires-as-former-
humans" angle (see "Monsters Versus True Monsters,"
below). In this scenario, vampires drink blood only
when hunger drives them to madness. A vampire can
still feel exactly as he did while alive and human, and
his morality is still intact. There may even be a way to
"cure" the condition. Perhaps a vampire has heard
some legends, but he has no way to verify them. The
Messengers here might advise the imbued to "END
ITS SUFFERING" or "SAVE ITS SOUL." While this
humanitarian approach has its storytelling merits —
notably the conflict between the drive to protect
humanity from monsters and to help monsters reclaim
their humanity — it also has the disadvantage of
painting vampires as whiny milquetoasts rather than as
unholy creatures of the night.

Vampires are diverse, just like mortals. Perhaps a
merger of vampire portrayals is best for your chronicle.
When the characters hunt vampires, keep in mind that
anightcrawler, like a living person, is capable of acts of
kindness for no apparent reason. Vampires — especially
young ones — sometimes do a "good deed for the night"
thatin their minds offsets the attacks they must perform.
Witnessing such a good deed may well lead a group of
hunters to believe that this vampire is not a threat and
therefore not worth the trouble of destroying. But when
that same vampire casually snaps a victim's neck three
nights later to prevent her from screaming, the charac-
ters have to face two unpleasant truths: They were
wrong, and their mistake has cost a life.

Vampires are predators. Predators are unpredict-
able, but in general act based on self-preservation. A

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND STORYYELUING

vampire who behaves with any humanity does so
because it suits him (he needs to put in public appear-
ances, for example) or, more rarely, because some small
bit of the human condition lives on within him. And
that, of course, is the heart of the horror that blood-
suckers inspire. A hunter facing a vampire should
never know exactly how much of the leech's former life
and identity remains. Indeed, what if the vampire was
someone whom a hunter once knew? Lupe Droin,
a.k.a. Cabbie22, faces a vampire she once knew in
Hunter Book: Defender and is very nearly seduced by
him, not because of the creature's supernatural charm
but because he knows her and knows how to push her
buttons. Does the vampiric condition destroy human-
ity, deaden it or replace it? Hunters have no way of
knowing, and there may be no answer. Sparing such a
being may mean sparing a remorseless killer, whereas
destroying it may mean killing what is akin to the best
in a hunter himself.

Yue Beoon Is vue Lire

Vampires drink blood. As vampires appear in more
TV shows and films, this oh-so-basic aspect of what they
are is downplayed. But imagine that you're a hunter on
the trail ofa monster of some kind. Suddenly, something
grabs you from behind, pulls you into a dark comer, pins
your arms behind your back with shocking strength and
sinks its teeth into your neck. You feel a moment of pain
as the fangs pierce your skin, and then you feel your flesh
grow cold. You lose feeling in your hands. You become
light-headed, and your struggles grow weak. You see
spots, and you realize that not only is this thing holding
you immobile, it's holding you up so you don't fall. Just
before you black out, you feel a trickle run down your
collarbone and you realize it's drinking your blood.

Never downplay the horror of whatall vampires do
to survive. No matter how human they appear, no
matter what strange powers they might possess, their
diet is the same. Hunters — and players — might need
to be reminded of just how horrible that fact is. A
vampire might appear very polished and genteel but
have horrible, rust-smelling breath or red-tinged teeth.
The prologue to this book depicts a hunter who realizes
that he's being sized up as a meal. As humans, the
prospect of being eaten is terrifying to us (which is why
sharks and other large predators frighten and amaze us
so). The prospect of a human (or human-looking)
being doing the eating adds another sickening layer to
that fear. Don't dismiss that horror out of familiarity
with vampires.
Dissuse

Imagine that hunters discover a vampire residing in
their city. Through a little investigation, they learn that
its home has changed hands several times since the
house was built nearly 70 years ago. Each owner did


UNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

some work to improve the place, but each seemed to pick
up exactly where the previous owner left off.

The characters might well feel elated at first —
they've found a chink in the vampire's armor. Obvi-
ously he loves his house. But consider the implications.
The vampire has been in the city for at least 70 years.
He might appear to be middle-aged, yet he's actually
been around for more than a century. So, how does he
avoid notice? Why don't people question the fact that
the homeowner never seems to age? What kind of
power does he possess to maintain his charade? It
seems rather improbable, after all. Could the whole
thing be a coincidence?

One problem that vampires present for hunters is
that no one really believes in them. When a house is
reputed to be haunted, a group of hunters can sometimes
get by simply by telling the truth. The public doesn't
necessarily believe in ghosts, either, but it's much more
willing to allow someone to look for a ghost (especially
if said ghost-hunter looks good on television) than to
allow a group of stake-wielding maniacs to run around
the neighborhood in search of a vampire.

Verifying a vampire's unholy condition is also next
to impossible. It has a reflection, its heart beats (under
scrutiny, anyway), and it can even bring a flush to its
cheeks. Sunshine remains a problem, but a resourceful
vampire can arrange for a doctor to swear that the "so-
called bloodsucker" simply suffers from a rare condition
that causes his skin to blister in direct daylight.

Many hunters either anticipate or quickly learn the
folly of trying to awaken the world to the truth of the
undead. Because vampires may extend their manipula-
tive grasp to so many human endeavors — including the
police, hospitals, politics and big business — saying the
word "vampire" to the wrong person might result in
scrutiny (at best). Because no one believes in vampires,
discussing them in polite society might alert the crea-
tures to the fact that someone who should be ignorant
knows far too much. Vampires have not survived so long
by taking chances needlessly.

Unprepievagiurry

Ask three hunters about their experiences with
vampires and you might get six different answers. Some
rotsseem terrified of dying, afraid of some punishment in
the afterlife. Some become calm before the stake is
driven home. Many vampires seem to operate with the
same mental faculties as any mortal, yet some are raven-
ous, uncontrollable beas

When using vampires in Hunter, listen to what
your players (and their characters) expect. Sometimes,
it's useful to meet their expectations, especially when
leading them to the climax of a story (in which every-
thing they've learned gives them a chance at victory
over a potent nightcrawler). But playing against type

can be just as effective. Suppose the characters have
researched "modern" vampire legends and have heard
stories (perhaps on hunter-net) of refined, sophisticated
creatures that strike through mundane means — only to
confront their foe and have it explode intoa fanged rage.
Edges such as Discern may help to identify vampires, but
they don't usually tell hunters anything about how the
undead might behave, or about the powers or strategies
that the creatures may use. You can turn that blind spot
into an unexpected twist in the characters' pursuit of a
nocturnal antagonist.

Sociery

Vampires have a society — several, in fact. The
imbued probably never know the intricacies of it all
given the veil of secrecy and the prohibitions by which
rots police each other. And even if a few imbued do get
inside information about bloodsuckers and their affairs,
the information is always partial and misleading. A
group of hunters in Detroit may report completely
different social circles, alliances and attitudes among
leeches than does a group in Atlanta. And yet, you
should know at least the basic truths.

Without going in depth into the specific factions
and sects that comprise the undead (you're referred to
Vampire: The Masquerade if you want to do that), the
various "castes" in vampire society are best observed in
comparison and contrast to each other. Below are the
three biggest such dichotomies: between old and young
vampires, between those who wish to blend in with
humans and those who wish to exploit them, and be-
tween the powerful and the beleaguered.

Ecpers Versus Inrriares

A vampire with less than one century of unlife
under its belt is considered "young." These creatures
tend to have the advantage of knowing contemporary
society much better than their older compatriots (al-
though trends change very quickly in modern nights,
meaning that the age gap between two young vampires
can still indicate vast cultural differences). This aware-
ness includes not only cultural and societal trends but
technological ones. A rot who has stalked the night
since before the American Revolution might well be
suspicious and even fearful of the Internet, but younger
bloodsuckers can be just as comfortable online as many
hunters are.

An important factor to keep in mind regarding the
"generation gap" is that vampires do not die. If a young
vampire covets an older one's power or station, the only
way to get it is to remove the older creature (or to
convince him to give up his seat, which is difficult —
vampires enjoy their routine, as has been established). A
group of hunters that contacts a young rot who claims he
wants to end his existence — but cannot do so in good
conscience while his unholy liege still exists — might


very well become the next "unholy liege" if the chosen
help him. Of course, he'll need to deal with those
imbued afterward so that his own underlings don't pull
the same trick...

Despite being somewhat out of touch with the
modern world, elder vampires hold most of the cards.
Their age indicates a great degree of will and cunning
— weak or stupid vampires don't survive for centu-
ries. Elders often possess great resources, both
monetary and otherwise, that they've spent decades
amassing. Such control and influence means that
many elders are familiar (or employ people who are
familiar) with the intricacies of law, politics, religion
and/ or business, and they often have solid ground to
stand on as a result.

Vampire society is also based upon favors. A service
‘one bloodsucker performs for another is not (usually)
repaid with money, but by a "boon" to be repaid at some
time in the future. What this system means for hunters
is that even though the vampire they stalk may not be
well-connected, she may be able to call in favors to make
the hunters' lives very difficult. Elders, by virtue of
having existed longer than initiates, tend to have more
favors at their disposal and can call them in if meddling
humans become too bothersome.

An obvious consideration between young and old
vampires is sheer supernatural power. Old ones have
much more, but that's not the crux of the difference.
Young ones are much more likely to resort to using their
powers than elders are, for two reasons. First, initiates
haven't been around long enough to cultivate the blend
of fearsomeness and respect for secrecy that elders have.
Second, elders don't often use their unholy gifts because
they don't need to (see "Vampire Tactics," below). Con-
sider this difference tobe like that between brute strength
versus finesse. Why manifest superhuman strength in
public to attack ahunter when you can have bodyguards
intervene or you can do even more, prolonged damage
toa hunter through his bank accounts?

Haves Versus Have-nors

This relationship exists even among the damned.
Some vampires — typically powerful elders and their
progeny — influence considerable human resources.
Young bloodsuckers, including those "orphans" men-
tioned previously, often resent that they are notallowed
achance at power. And, just as in human society, there
are those who chafe at any kind of authority. They
thumb their noses at those in control and break rules just
to get a reaction.

In many ways, this rift mirrors that of elders and
initiates. A "rebel" vampire can be of any age,
however. Sometimes, even elders get the short' end
of the proverbial stick and wish to bring down their
more influential peers. And sometimes, even young

Tue Rutes

Vampires made rules for themselves centuries
ago. Although the different factions may argue or
even fight over them at times, the laws remain more
orless consistent. Some involve hospitality to other
undead. Those rules aren't really important froma
Hunter perspective, though. The ones involving
relations with mortals are, however, and may be
understood as follows.

Hiding: Vampires are generally required to
hide from mortals, either by removing themselves
from human contact (except to feed) or by pretend-
ing to be human to blend in. This is less a rule and
more common sense. If humans were to discover
that vampires were real, the collective weight of the
living might overwhelm the nocturnal.

Creating Others: In order to create a new
vampire, a bloodsucker must obtain permission
from an elder in local authority. Although the
imbued probably never learn the details of this
arrangement, they might notice that a vampire
bent on infecting a particular human becomes te-

| lentless in pursuing that chosen victim or a type of
victim (say, powerful businessmen or accountants).
Such determination is due to the rarity with which
permissions granted to create another of the undead,
and a vampire who gains such approval chooses his
progeny very carefully.

A vampire who creates another without per-
mission risks the destruction of both herselfand her
fledgling. Again, though hunters don't see the rea-
sons behind such a situation, they might well have
to deal with the fallout when numerous rots seem }f
determined to find and destroy one or two of their
kind, What could these targets possibly have done
to their own, and are they potential hunter allies as
aresult?

Destruction: Vampires cannot murder each
other with impunity. Doing so, like creating new
vampires, requires a mandate from a ruling elder.
Vampires who wish to temove rivals must do so
through an intermediary or a catspaw so that atten-
tion is not drawn to themselves. Hunters make
excellent pawns.

vampires find themselves in power and must con-
tend with other undead rabble.

As far as this "class struggle" works in Hunter,
consider what each of your vampires has to lose. A gang
of bomb-throwing anarchists that wants the city's elder
vampire staked and burned has only its members' unlives
to lose, which means it fights with frightening intensity.

a=


In turn, said elder must not only put down the "revolt"
but do so in such a way that his interests in banking and
industry aren't compromised. Of course, the imbued
probably never know exactly what the struggle involves,
or perhaps that a struggle even exists. But if the imbued
become aware that one group of vampires might lead
them to another, what do they do? Hope that one
destroys the other and that they can clean up the
leftovers? Ally with the "lesser evil"?

Many hunters also come from working-class back-
gtounds. The desire to "stick it to the Man" might
resonate with such people, and if "the Man" also hap-
pens to be a rot, so much the better! You are the final
arbiter in how much of this undead class struggle the
chosen actually see ("not enough" is probably best), but
any glimpse of nightcrawler control of human authori-
ties is sure to terrify the imbued

Monsrens Versus True Monsvers

Not all vampires are interested in hiding among
humanity. Sometimes, bloodsuckers act and feed overtly.
Such behavior is possible from a very young or stupid
leech, oran uninitiated one —she just doesn't know any
better and allows her existence be known to anyone who
sees her and who can accept her state. But some older,
initiated and smart vampires choose to act out in the
open. They don't seek to hide their nature or identity,
and even believe that no vampire should, that the
undead should openly lord over the human herd. Some-
times these vampires not only kill their prey, they toy
with hapless people, play games with them or bury them
alive. Worse, these brutal vampires often travel in
groups and are an even greater threat for it.

In contrast, hunters who follow a vampire and
observe it feeding may notice that itdoesn'tkill (Gideon
in Chapter 6 might be such an example). Whether this
"leniency" is practiced because the vampire doesn't wish
to murder its prey or it simply wants to avoid notice,
hunters may believe that such "mercy" ot even "re-
morse" is significant.

The reasons for this variant behavior are mysteri-
ous to the imbued, of course. One theory, popular
among Redeemers and Martyrs, is that vampires who
don't wish to kill still have souls, are outcasts or
remember and long for their humanity— and are
therefore salvageable. Avengers can find themselves in
a terrible quandary where rots' relative humanity is
concerned. The more violent bloodsuckers obviously
need to die first, but the "peaceful" ones are easier
targets. And Visionaries can wonder whether there's a
deeper meaning to the whole mess...

Encountering a gang of violent bloodsuckers might
make for an interesting change of pace after a story
focusing on one who wishes to be saved or after a story
about an elder who strikes through proxies. The

characters might encounter a group of rots that turns
humans into vampires, buries them and then takes bets
on which of the victims will claw their way out. If the
characters act to the stop the slaughter, they find that
the beasts also have powers that the imbued have never
seen before. Are these creatures vampires at all?

Vampire T acries

No one likes to be harassed, much less hunted, and
a nightcrawler's comfortable existence depends on se-
crecy. Many old undead have heard of vampire hunters
throughout the centuries (although the imbued are a
new and largely unknown phenomenon), and have
strategies to employ in case of such "unpleasantness."
Toe [nvisiete Enemy

Hunters can tell vampires from normal people thanks
to second sight and some observation edges, but other
humans can't. That means vampires tend to stick to
crowds. They walk among their prey, knowing that
humans create camouflage for them. A vampire tryingto
escape some of the chosen can do so by jumping into a
cab or ducking into a movie theater. Hunters, after all,
have to keep their activities secret just as vampires do (if
for different reasons), so they can't necessarily attack
rots in plain sight without bringing unwanted mortal
and immortal attention upon themselves. If five people
suddenly leap on one "defenseless" woman, passersby
may well move to defend her (or at least call the cops).

Some vampires take full advantage of their capacity
to blend in and don't put themselves in obvious places
of power or in the limelight. Consider a rich industry
tycoon who is liable to draw attention from the press,
rivals and others — before even hunters — when he is
seen out and about. If he were also a vampire, it would
be hard to maintain any kind of existence while he has
anightly need to feed. Now, if that industry tycoon isa
blood slave (or simply a pawn) and the real vampire is
the tycoon's butler or personal assistant, the vampire
suddenly has much more freedom and anonymity, with-
out compromising any mortal influence or the liberty of
existing as a monster.

Vampires are parasites and rely on "facelessness."
They attach themselves toa host — often a city —and try
to feed without killing it. If the host dies, the parasite has
to find another source of nourishment. Vampires are
therefore few in number —a large city might support one
vampire per 100,000 people. Some cities are overpopu-
lated with undead, of course, to a degree that you can
decide depending on how desperate and obvious youwant
leeches to be in order to survive in your chronicle.
Consider, too, that the vampires whom imbued are likely
toencounter are young ones who still go out atnight. The
hideous, sewer-dwelling breed and the elders who never
stir from their homes usually don't blend in and therefore
avoid human contact. This removal protects them from


Minptsss Beasrs
Not all vampires are suave, sophisticated and
cultured. Sometimes, what a hunter thinks is a
walking-dead shambler is really a feral vampire.
Encrusted with blood and filth, these creatures stalk
the inner cities, hide in abandoned buildings and
feed on anyone crossing their paths. While not
intelligent per se, these horrors are quite cunning
and carefully avoid being seen until they strike.

When survival is at stake, these beasts are more
vicious than any vampire. They kill indiscrimi-
nately and aren't worried about hiding bodies or
covering their trail. They use their supernatural
powers openly if they feel threatened. Perhaps their
only saving grace in this last abuse is that their
powers tend toward "simple" capabilities such as
amazing speed and strength, rather than the showy
shadow control or complex mind-warping powers
of more subtle and rational vampires. Such "basic"
powers can make wild rots' activities misunderstood
or easily overlooked.

One of the most dangerous things about any
feral creature is that other vampires will destroy
them it to protect themselves from discovery. Ifone
sloppy vampire is recognized for what it is, the
existence of all is in jeopardy. A group of hunters
that tracks down and kills a mindless vampire may
therefore do the leech community aservice, and the
chosen may even reveal their methods and capabili-
ties to observant undead.

as re oe

iP discovery by fumans‘and hunters) (unless the-tmbued
manage to track one down through the beings' interme-
diaries),
Vaweines Dow' Dirvy Twein Hanos.

Despite the myriad and varied powers at bloodsuck-
ets' disposal, their most frightening capabilities are quite
mundane. A hunter who makes a nuisance of himself
may find that his electricity is suddenly shut off or that
his car is inexplicably repossessed. ("inexplicably" from
hisperspective, anyway). Even ifthe huntercan clearup
the confusion, doing so takes time and effort. When
creating a vampire to act as an adversary, consider
whether the creature has any degree of influence in the

| mundane world and where it lies. In game terms, this
means considering the rot's Backgrounds.

First of all, vampires haven't been touched by the
Messengers so they don't have access to imbued-
specific Backgrounds such as Bystanders, Destiny,
Exposure or Patron. Also, they tend to be too insular
to have true friends (and therefore to lack Allies).
The other Backgrounds listed in Hunter are fair

game, however. In addition, some of the Backgrounds
in the various creed books (such as Grace Under
Pressure and Steel Nerves) might be applicable. One
of these (Cult, from Hunter Book: Avenger) is
discussed below as it applies to the undead.

Arsenal: Depending upon where a vampire's power
lies, she may have access to state-of-the-art equipment
and weapons —or she might still carry a flintlock pistol.
Beware of turninga vampire'slair into a "treasure trove,"
though. Ifa bloodsucker has a stash of weapons, consider
how old or well maintained the equipment is (and how
likely it is to malfunction)

Blood Slaves: Whereas mortals have friend:
pires have servants. A vampire with a rating in this
Background has a number of humans (or animals)
bound to him (see "Blood Slaves," p. 93). These servants
differ from simple employees in that they have some
measure of supernatural power and are loyal to their
master far beyond anything money could inspire. Blood
slaves are usually willing to die for their master, whether
or not they know his true nature. And yet, consider that
a vampire who maintains a "stable" of slaves must feed
them blood on a fairly regular basis, which means
feeding himself frequently

Contacts: Immortality affords the opportunity to
meet a lot of people. A vampire may be able to call on
informants on the rough streets of his own city or in the
halls of power across the world. A vampir
may be other vampires or unwitting mortals, but this
Background works much the way for bloodsuckers as it
does for hunters in all other respects.

Cult: As witnessed in Chapter 6, vampires are
capable of building cults around themselves. An occa-
sional display of supernatural power and some
well-chosen words are sometimes all that's required.
Cultists are rarely blood slaves. More often, they're
people who are easily deluded or given direction because
they lack their own. A cult typically serves as a blood
supply for the vampire (a group based on blood or sex is
a good cover). Although cultists don't have the same
devotion to their vampire leader that blood slaves do,
they can put hunters in the uncomfortable position of
having to harm misguided people or of allowing the
creature to escape while his followers intervene. Cultists
also have day jobs, and those occupations sometimes put
the followers in positions to harass or harm hunters —
police, health inspectors, child welfare agents.

Fame: If fame is a double-edged sword for hunt-
ers, it's all the more dangerous for vampires. A
famous bloodsucker has a lot to explain about her
behavior. The old "sunlight allergy" excuse goes
only so far. A famous vampire has an excuse to be
accompanied by armed bodyguards, though, and
cannot be made to simply "disappear." Her death is

vam-

's contacts

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND STORYYELLING


investigated thoroughly, because the public wants
to know the truth. A particularly vindictive vampire
may even fake her own death and make the hunters
seem responsible. After all, her famous alter ego
would have to die eventually, and eliminating a
potential threat in the process cushions the blow
somewhat. Famous people can also take on pet causes,
and their words tend to be heard. A famous vampire
might speak out against vigilantism and produce
supporting evidence: photos of hunters walking the
streets with stakes and weapons.

Influence: The quintessential vampire Back-
ground. Many undead seem to have some degree of
influence in a city. The specifics vary, running the
gamut from having a puppet at city hall to manipulat-
ing a street gang to having blackmail material on a
prominent individual. A vampire's Influence might
also extend to the national level, which means she
could get the hunters noticed not only by local police
but by the FBI or the DEA. On a more basic level, a
rot might simply be a respected figure in a city or
neighborhood. Gossip created about a hunter in his
own social circles can cause the target's Contacts or
Influence to dry up.

Vampires rarely exercise Influence directly because
they want to keep it. They work through agents and
never speak to important figures except through assis-
tants and subordinates. When plotting out a vampire's
Influence, consider the paths he takes to achieve his
ends — and where along the line a hunter could disrupt
those efforts.

Mentor: A vampire's teacher or guide is typically
the bloodsucker who turned him. This relationship is
significant because a group of hunters that destroys a
vampire may come under scrutiny (and fire) from the
victim's mentor. As discussed previously, nightcrawlers
tend to be tenacious in pursuing and protecting their
progeny. Regardless of whether a vampire actually
invests emotion in her "offspring," she certainly in-
vests time and effort. A vampire's mentor is certainly
older and probably better connected than the "stu-
dent," and might come after hunters to seek revenge —
ora replacement.

Resources: Not every vampire is rich, but many
elders have money at their disposal simply because
they've been around long enough to accrue it. Apart
from "old money," Resources can take the form of
embezzlement (a leech might have pawns in a business
who can divert funds, possibly without puppets' con-
scious knowledge), legal enterprise (perhaps from the
vampire's breathing days, or not — an Internet busi-
ness can be run from home, day or night), or illegal
enterprise (a vampire may deal in drugs, weapons and/
or prostitution).

Bur Tey DoF ica Dinvy

Secrecy is essential to vampires' survival. They
don't play around when someone investigates them
or gets too close to uncovering their endeavors. If a
vampire discovers that he's under scrutiny — say,
proxies go missing, operations are repeatedly dis-
rupted or agents simply spot certain people in the
vicinity too often for comfort — he probably devotes
as much energy as necessary to learn who's watching
him, and to assess whether they actually constitute a
threat or can be used as pawns. If the vampire decides
that a group of hunters is a genuine threat, he does his
best to find out who they truly are. That's when the
chosen are really in trouble.

Vampires don't normally fight by any code of honor.
They're pragmatists. As well they should be, because
their very existence is atstake! A hunter with any family
or friends, no matter how remote, endangers those
people by stalking the undead.

But rather than exert too much effort, a vampire
initially targets the hunter himself by roundabout means.
If one of the imbued is commonly out all night, the
bloodsucker may send minions to break into his home
and turn on loud, obnoxious music. Someone will even-
tually call the police and/ or a property manager, which
may result in complaints and eventual eviction (or,
more immediately, the police entering the home and
finding whatever incriminating evidence there might
be — and vampires aren't above leaving some behind).
Any hunter with a criminal record might well find
himself under police scrutiny, which makes stalking
vampires difficult. His bank may hold checks for long
periods of time before processing them (or lose them
altogether), denying him access to his money. Hisdriver's
license might be revoked. His medical insurance could
be suspended. It depends on where the vampire can hurt
the hunter without playing his hand directly.

Sometimes, however, the message just doesn't sink
in. Likewise, not all vampires have influence in the
necessary places to put a hunter through the wringer. If
getting one of the chosen evicted doesn't warn him off
(or is not an option), perhaps kidnaping his child makes
more of an impact. Maybe invading the mind of one of
the hunter's wife's co-workers and forcing him to come
to work and shoot people makes a point. A vampire who
can command animals might send rats into the hunter's
home to bite him or his family, infecting them with
whatever the animals might be carrying.

Whatever the vampire chooses to do, she sends a
subtle or painfully clear message: "I know how to hurt
you." Another common catch phrase is, "You brought
this on yourself." Anonymity is just as important to
hunters as it is to vampires. Vampires don't shirk from
hitting a foe where it hurts, and because most vampires


either have abandoned their mortal families or watched
them die long ago, hunters can't retaliate strictly in kind.

Toe Yaweine's Haven

Ghouled guard dogs? Booby traps? Silent alarms?
Par for the course in a bloodsucker's lair. The more
powerful the vampire, the more likely he is to have
elaborate defenses at his haven. After all, as he does
need a place to take shelter from the sun during the day,
he wants to be safe doing so. Really old le: remem-
ber the days when the Church's inquisitors beat down
their doors and dragged away to the fires any vampire
unfortunate enough to be caught. A group of hunters
invading a vampire's lair, even during the day, should
never have an easy time of it.

Not all vampires have large, stately homes, but
those who do hire guards. Although one or two of
these agents might be blood slaves, most are simply
uninformed and well-paid humans. This puts the
imbued in the difficult position of having to bypass or
incapacitate people who are only doing their jobs
(and knocking someone out is far more difficult and
ous than Hollywood portrays). These guards
ay be armed, too, and probably call the police at the
first sign of trouble.

Some people, utilities workers and police among
them, have the legal right to enter private homes. A
hunter who works in such a profession (or who has

friends who do) has an advantage, but one he must play
carefully. Vampires are usually smart enough to rest
somewhere well away from anything that would be
accessible during the day (such as a gas meter). And
though police can enter homes, they need a warrant to
doso (or probable cause, but a warrant is the better bet).
A warrantstates specifically what rooms may be searched
and for what, which means that if the hunters don't
know the layout of the house, getting the legal right to
search might not accomplish anything except to tip
their hand.

Avampite who doesn't live in a house still defends
his hideaway. Some leeches rent apartments for ap-
pearances' sake but sleep in storage lockers. Others
move from place to place and have a number of
possible havens that they can use (although this prac-
tice is relatively uncommon as vampires typically fall
into routines). A truly brutal vampire may invade a
home, killor enslave the occupants and reside there for
as long as he pleases. And some bloodsuckers actually
make their homes in the sewers. These last are prob-
ably the most dangerous havens a hunter can enter
no windows, unfamiliar terrain and poisonous gases (to
which vampires are immune) are just the beginning.
When swarms of rats augmented with vampire blood
start chewing through the hunters' clothes, they may
well wish they'd never been born (or at least imbued).

ip

i

CHAPTER 7:RULES AND STORYYELLING


And no matter where a vampire dwells, a hunter
should never assume that the bloodsucker won't blow
it up or burn it down — and take invaders with it — to
cover his own escape.

Tut Unpeap Perspecrive

The imbued are new to the supernatural scene,
and the few vampires who have seen them at work
and survived have some fairly gross misconceptions
about the chosen. Some bloodsuckers believe hunt-
ers to be human wizards of some kind. Because
hunters sometimes rely on religious paraphernalia,
vampires may assume that they're agents of the
Church, instituting some new Inquisition. To date,
no surviving vampire knows about hunter-net or
anything about the Messengers.

Waar Vampires Know

Some vampires can see "auras" — bands of color
around other beings that reveal a subject's emotional
state. Rots themselves have extremely pale auras,
whereas other supernatural beings have auras that
flicker, sparkle or change color. The auras of the
imbued appear to be luminous gold (see p. 96 for details
on the Aura Sight power). Furthermore, this aura
doesn't seem to carry with it an implicit emotion in
itself. To a vampire experienced in interpreting what
she sees through Aura Sight, a yellow streak might
indicate calm. The odd gold color doesn't suggest
anything to a vampire, though, even to those percep-
tive enough to see the gold at all. The imbued thus
remain inscrutable to bloodsuckers at large.

The few leeches that discover the imbued are young
for the most part. These bloodsuckers still interact with
mortals on a nightly basis. Elders, as has been men-
tioned, tend to be reclusive and act through minions and
intermediaries. Initiates may see a human with an odd
aura — or worse, witness a hunter using edges — and
report the experience to their masters. Elders don't
usually believe their fledglings' reports, though. Older
vampires have been around for centuries or longer. They
have probably seen or heard of a lot of supernatural
nonsense — people changing into wolves, spell-casting
humans, ghosts. They presume that if it's out there,
they've heard of it. Humans with the power to see
through a vampire's illusions and shake off mental
commands? Why, not even warlocks can do such things!
Elders therefore tend to mock and reprimand their
spawn for panicking.

If, however, a group of imbued deals with vampires
by using mundane and blatant means — guns, outright
confrontation — elder vampires may sit up and take
notice. Vampire hunters as a general concept are not
unknown. As clever as bloodsuckers are at hiding and

as willing as humans are to ignore them, a vampire slips
up occasionally and a bereaved relative of a victim goes
on the warpath. Most vampire hunters last a very short
time — they die, or they get their revenge and give up
the hunt. Sometimes, though, a hunter is persistent
enough to stalk the undead and even recruit others to
help. This possibility is familiar to old vampires — the
Burning Times saw mobs of peasants storming vam-
pires' strongholds and destroying those they could
capture. If a young vampire comes to his sire with
stories of stake-wielding hunters, the elder might in-
vestigate the matter. What happens then depends on
what you have decided about the vampires in question,
based on the following possibilities.

Usine ve Iweuep

A paranoid elder may go to ground, severing ties
with any resources and abandoning his domain (and
sometimes leaving a fledgling as a stalking horse). This
kind of response is uncommon, though. Vampires, as
arrogant and hidebound beings, prefer to use or destroy
opposition rather than flee from it. More likely, an
elder who discovers hunter activity (imbued or other-
wise) in "his" city seeks to study it, learn the identities
of the people, how well equipped and informed they
are, and whether another lord of the night manipulates
them. If the elder feels the hunters actually pose a
threat, he may simply have them killed or warned
away. If the bloodsucker feels he can use the hunters to
his own advantage, the imbued may find themselves in
a supernatural chess match.

Vampires don't know anything about the Messen-
gers or about the true nature of the imbued. But most
leeches are pragmatists. If a group of humans proves to
be resourceful at hunting down other bloodsuckers, who
cares if they claim to hear voices from beyond? Most old
vampires have enemies, and elders rid themselves of
either problem (or sometimes both rivals and annoying
humans) by aiming hunters at foes. If a competing
vampire kills the group of hunters, the manipulator can
claim ignorance of the attack. If the hunters manage to
destroy the enemy, the elder probably keeps the imbued
a secret until he has need of them again. This dodge is
another reason that news of the chosen hasn't spread
throughout the vampire "community." Most undead
assume that any stories of hunters are exaggerated or
they want to use these people as a secret weapon.

Ofcourse, an elder can't simply announce himself to
antagonistic mortals to make them his tools. He must
finda way to insinuate himself into the life of at least one
of his pursuers and manipulate the target into doing his
bidding. One possible tactic is to fake an attack on a
mortal agent who's aware that he works for vampires.
Disposable young vampires or undead who seek to win
the elder's favor are set up to be in the right place at the


right time for the hunters to stumble across them about
to feed. Ideally, the meddling humans rescue their
fellow mortal. The defeated or destroyed initiates hardly
matter. Nor does the "victim" of the attack should the
hunters fail to save him; there are plenty of other willing
agents where that one came from. If the victim is saved,
the characters can receive calls, notes or emails from a
"friend" of hers who appreciates their efforts. Maybe he
claims the endangered person was an employee or dis-
tant family member. The pointis, this new friend alludes
to being in the know about the real forces at work in the
world and offers to "return the favor" to the chosen.

The elder probably strives to maintain his ano-
nymity and has to make some excuse as to why he
doesn't come forward in person. Maybe a fear that
"vampires will discover me, too" is enough. The elder
can then feed the hunters information (and perhaps
equipment and resources, but too much too soon
probably looks suspicious) about his enemies and wait
for them to take the bait.

The imbued might not resist long. Certainly,
support from such a mysterious benefactor is suspi-
cious at the least. But hunters face the fact that most
of the people around them live a lie, blissfully un-
aware that vampires (among other things) prey on
families and friends. A backer, especially one who
seems informed about monsters and how best to
defeat them, could soon be welcome, especially after
the first few tentative tips lead the imbued to re-
sounding successes against targets.

As long as the elder never appears in person, the
imbued might not have a way to identify their benefac-
tor. Obviously some chosen may try, but as long as the
information remains useful, hunters may take a "golden
goose" approach. If they ask too many questions, they
may find themselves back at square one.

The vampire's goal here is to get the hunters to rely
on him. When he becomes their primary source of
information, when they contact him for new targets, he
controls them. Of course, the Messengers can throw a
wrench into the works at any time. A voice ina hunter's
head that says "YOU ARE EVIL'S WEAPON" or the
like could easily get the imbued to question their
newfound good fortune. But by the time that happens —
or by the time the hunters become suspicious on their
own — they may be too deeply involved to simply walk
away. And, of course, a smart vampire plans ahead. If the
chosen learn too much, the vampire should be ready to
institute any number of dastardly plans (see "Vampire
Tactics," above) to force them to remain in his service,
to rid himself of the mortals or to get away clean.

"Huwane" Vampires AND HE IMBUED
Of course) noc'all vamipires Gontrol vase) tindeteee-
able empires and sup with mayors and kings, or even

work for those that do. In fact, the leeches most likely to
cross paths with the imbued are ones that were aban-
doned upon being infected and have no real idea of how
the world of bloodsuckers works, or those who were
recently reborn and who wrestle with their inhumanity.
All this means they have very little idea of what they are,
let alone what the chosen might be. It also means that
they usually bear a grudge against other vampires for
stealing away their lives.

An orphan or young vampire who meets a hunter
might well help him, provided that the rot doesn't
meet a fanatical Avenger who attacks him on sight. If
the initiate has any idea who infected him, he might
give the information to the chosen or even aid in the
hunt. Note that orphan vampires are ignorant by
nature; they know little to nothing about vampire
society or even the physical "rules" of vampirism.
Their contribution to hunter objectives could be just
as likely to get everyone killed as could the plans of
uninformed imbued. This ignorance doesn't mean that
young undead won't make up good stories or excuses to
save their own asses, though.

When all is said and done, the question still
remains: What to do with the orphan or "ethical"
young vampire? Either one can make a good case for
sparing him or even continuing to work with him,
Becoming a vampire wasn't his idea. He's never killed
anyone. He feeds only enough to survive. If there's a
way to lift his curse, he doesn't know about it, but
what if there is? He doesn't deserve to die! Imbued of
several creeds — not just Redeemers, but Judges and
Visionaries as well — may see the logic in these
arguments and spare him.

Doing so ultimately turns out to be a mistake. If the
vampire isn't lying, if he isn't under the subtle mental
control of a more powerful bloodsucker, and if he works
arduously at maintaining his humanity, the hunters'
compassion might be justified for a while. But the down-
ward spiral into murder is inevitable. Call ita curse, call
it tragedy, but sooner or later, a vampire kills. It may
happen out of hunger or self-defense or anger, but it
happens. And after that, it only gets easier.

A group of hunters that spares a vampire bets on
some extremely long odds. The safest thing to do is
destroy the being before she has a chance to become
numb to human life. Of course, that's a little like saying
it's safer to pre-emptively kill a person who shows
violent tendencies in youth, in case he grows up to be a
murderous adult. For some hunters, that's an acceptable
solution — monsters are killers, tomorrow if not today.
For others, killing anything with a shred of humanity
left is unthinkable and would lower hunters to monsters'
level. But that's a choice for your players and their
characters to make.


HUNTER: THE NOCTURNAL

Vampire AND HUNTER

Wouldn't it be nice to have a Hunter troupe whose
members had never read, played or heard of Vampire:
The Masquerade? How likely is that? Vampire has been
around since 1991, and most White Wolf fans have
played the game, seen the TV show or played the card
game. This means, despite players' best intentions, it's
hard for them not to think, "Watch out, a Giovanni," or,
"That's not a werewolf, it's a Gangrel." (At least a good
player keeps it to herself, even if she does think this sort
of thing.)

You have two simple choices when dealing with
players who know Vampire: observe "canon" or change
it. There are advantages and disadvantages to each.

Canon

The most obvious disadvantage of using bloodsuck-
ers as portrayed in Vampire is the probable difficulty of
surprising your players. You can remind players that,
"Your characters don't know about the Camarilla" only
so many times before it gets really annoying. If the
players have trouble separating in-character and out-of-
character knowledge, don't be afraid to throw canon out
the window. It's the only way you'll be able to surprise
the players at all.

Another disadvantage is simply one of tone. Vam-
pire and Hunter have very different themes, and the
games are written based on those themes. Vampire,
with its emphasis on personal horror, damnation and
the faint hope of redemption has Traits for keeping
track of a vampire's humanity. Hunter, which assumes
a good measure of humanity in its all-too-human pro-
tagonists, does not. If you choose to use "canonical"
vampires in a Hunter game, remember that you're
running Hunter with monsters, not Vampire with
human characters. Likewise, no matter how intriguing
undead politics might be, bloodsuckers have kept their
secrets for millennia. It's very unlikely that even the
most dedicated group of hunters gets too deep into
nocturnal society and its schemes. Those vast aspects
of undead interaction and unlife simply don't make a
blip on the Hunter radar. Even though you — and
possibly the players — know some of the ins and outs
of nocturnal society, hunters see only the barest glim-
mers, if that.

Using bloodsuckers as presented in Vampire does
have some distinct advantages, though. Chief among
them is that it saves you some work. The rich, complex
society of the Kindred is at your disposal. Even if hunters
see only the tip of the iceberg, understanding the "full
story" can help you create complex adversaries with
varied and interesting motives. Besides, part of the
horror of vampires comes from discovering just how
entrenched they are in mortal society.

If the players know a little to a lot about what
their foes are capable of, they still don't know what
your vampire's plan is, nor how she intends to carry
it out. If the players know what kind of powers a
vampire has, the pressure is on you to flesh out your
antagonists' strengths and weaknesses beyond any
supernatural capabilities. Regardless of whether a
vampire can override a human's will with a glance,
he still might have influence over a cab company —
and therefore have eyes everywhere, a means of
escape and a way of tracking hunters' movements.
Don't be afraid to look at working within canon asa
challenge to create adversaries with original mo-
tives and methods, even if their "powers" are all too
well known.

Finally, "canonical" vampires may give players a
strange sense of familiarity. If your group is seasoned and
mature, this familiarity may actually aid in roleplaying.
player who knows what using the Charm power is like
(because she has played Vampire) may better portray
her hunter under a bloodsucker's sway. Furthermore,
though familiarity can breed contempt, sometimesknow-
ing what a foe might be capable of is all the more
hortifying. Knowing the damage that a vampire can
inflicewith somethingas simple as its talons may heighten
players' fear.

Variany Yameines

Of course, the Golden Rule always applies, espe-
cially in Hunter. You're by no means bound to follow
White Wolf canon with regard to any monsters, and you
may decide that your undead have no society at all, that
all rots share a hive mind, that vampirism is curable or
any number of other variants. Again, this approach has
its good and bad points.

Creating one's own "breed" of nightcrawlers means
alotof work. Itrequires you to think up all of the details:
what vampires can and can't do, how much of legend is
fact, how many vampires reside in a given city and
whether they have any kind of organization. You can
expect players to ask questions and pursue avenues of
investigation that youmightnot have considered, which
means you have to make up details on the fly.

Also, some experienced players may be annoyed if
you change canon too much. They may feel that you
don't trust them to separate in-character and out-of-
character information. Whether this concern is genuine
or not, going against player expectations for the wrong
reasons can be detrimental to your chronicle.

But ignoring canon has one big advantage: It frees
you considerably. Any "homebrew" vampires that you
dream up, orany modifications on bloodsuckers thatyou
make are fair game. You're not bound by "metaplot"
(assuming you ever were). Vampires and any machina-
tions they enact are yours alone.


A word of advice, however: If the players are famil-
iar with Vampire and you plan on stepping away from
canon considerably, it might be wise to warm your
players in advance. You don't (and shouldn't) have to
give away exactly what you're changing, but simply
saying, "I've changed some things, so don't try to sec-
ond-guess me too much," at the start of the chronicle
should send the message quite clearly.

Srory IDERs

Below are some ideas for stories involving blood-
suckers. Feel free to change them, flesh them out and
make them your own.

Tuelisr

After successfully destroying a zombie, the hunters
find a list in its pocket. It's a list of vampires. Some
entries are names. Some are just descriptions or com-
mon hangouts. The characters are now in possession of
a powerful tool with which they can find and identify
leeches — but what was the list doing in the zombie's
pocket to begin with? What if he was searching for the
vampire who killed him? What ifhe was undera vampire's
command the whole time?

Yue Fase Vampire

A "vampire" approaches the hunters. He has
many of the hallmarks of such a creature — superhu-
man strength, fangs — but he doesn't seem bothered
by sunlight (although he does recoil from holy sym-
bols). He begs for help. He says he's trying to fight off
the infection and is succeeding — the sun no longer
bothers him — but he needs the hunters' guidance. If
asked why he chose the characters, he says a "voice"
led him to them. If pressed, he doesn't remember
anything else, but the characters certainly remember
their own imbuing....

The supplicant is not a vampire, but a blood slave.
His master, an elder possessing the powers of Memory
Wipe, Hypnotize and Warp Bone has witnessed the
hunters in action and wishes to learn more about them.
He has grafted fangs onto the hapless puppet and warped
his memory to make him believe he's a vampire who's
"beating" the curse. The elder figures that his ploy will

CHAPTER 7-RULES AND STORYTELLING

allow him to learn about the hunters, and if it fails all
he'll have lost is a servant — easily replaceable.

If the characters don't figure out what's going
on, they stand to "learn" all kinds of potentially
fatal misinformation.

Morac Quanpanics

The characters discover that a prominent but reclu-
sive citizen isa vampire. Investigating, they find evidence
of his feeding, that he holds power over city council
members and the police, and that he was responsible for
the death of another group of hunters a few months back
(it may even be that the others' disappearance led the
characters to the rot).

And yet, the characters also discover that the vam-
pire has plans for extensive urban renewal, plans that
would create jobs and benefit the city immensely. The
plans move forward largely as a result of his influence
and money. Without his support, the program would
probably-never see fruition. If the vampire suddenly
disappears, what would happen to his plans? Do the
characters care? Can they find a way to orchestrate the
development themselves?

Pavancn's « Brreu

The hunters stalk and destroy a vicious, remorse-
less leech. A week later, they find themselves under
attack by several other bloodsuckers. These creatures
overpower the imbued and strip them of their weap-
ons. Instead of killing the characters, the vampires
decide to play some games. Be as fiendish as you like
when designing these cruel sports. Perhaps the rots
give the characters weapons and make them fight each
other (or worse, other regular people who have been
mind-controlled into fighting). Perhaps the vampires
release the characters in the worst section of town and
proceed to hunt them down. Even if the characters
avoid the vampires, there are other, more mundane
dangers to be faced.

Whatever the vampires choose to do, the hunters
should realize that they must escape or destroy their
tormentors, because even if they "win" the games they'll
be dinner.


The Children of the Night. ..

Vampires. Rots. Leeches. The name doesn't
matter. All of them are inhuman, undead
parasites that feed off the living and keep
humanity under their thumb. They may have
worked from the shadows before, but hunters
see them now. The imbued know, and they
won't let the nightcrawlers have their way
anymore. It's time that bloodsuckers were
shown the light — daylight.

Must Be Disciplined i

Hunter: The Nocturnal explores the undead

realm of vampires as hunters perceive it,

learning leeches' strengths, fears and :
weaknesses. But rots have discovered hunters,
too. When ancient and mysterious vampires
meet new and unprecedented hunters, there
can only be bloodshed. Mortal or immortal,
we all destroy what we don't understand.

OYHE Ny)

es et sett Tag